When a game tells me to pay or wait, I usually choose door #3: uninstallation. Though I'm trying to think of a time that actually happened, and it's more of a what-if. I mean, I've played some mobile games, but the ones that pull that shit generally don't appeal to me as a gamer to start with.
Yes, you remember/recall correctly. Love both GOG and CDPR.
Zak McKracken, and I imagine the other SCUMM games they sell, use ScummVM.

Emulator use is 100% above board of you are the publisher or have their permission. For an example of the former, Konami released a Contra/Castlevania pack for PC. It was literally just the NES ROMs, an emulator, and a custom front end bundled together. But it was their games so it's okay.
It's the same game, but this is more likely a port of a home release. I know it was on the Nintendo 64. I don't remember it being on PC, but I could be wrong. GOG would have licensed it from the publisher, and GOG has used emulators before, so it could be the arcade version with MAME on the back end or it could be the N64 version with an N64 emulator on the back end. Either way, it's GOG, so it'll just work. Or maybe there was a PC version and they just updated it. GOG is very good at making old games work on new machines. Including being DRM-free, this is the best thing about GOG. "Good Old Games."
This sort of happened to me.

When I was 13, I came up with an idea for a story. I had the three main characters fleshed out well enough, but the villain's motivations were purely "because fuck you, that's why." I'd seen it enough in movies and it wasn't a problem. Some people are just bad, and this guy was terrible.

As I got older, this became less and less okay. Anti-heroes became a thing or at least got more popular, and I decided I wanted this guy to become somewhat sympathetic. Around this time, I had a few really vivid and horrific dreams, and was working out a second story that would string them all together. Then it dawned on me, this is my villain's back story. He's a great guy at first. A lot of bad things happen to him, and the people he loves, and he discovers a power that lets him prevent these bad things from happening. Until one day he discovers a threat to that power, so he tries to snuff it out. Eventually, he's killing to protect the power, and he's not really helping anyone but himself anymore, and he starts to go mad with power. And the threat to his power is a child. (I did come up with most of this when I was 13.)
Haha, it was the first anime I watched. So I was a little confused by the first arc of *Sword Art Online* (which is basically a retelling of the first season of *.hack//SIGN*, too many similarities for it to be coincidence). Don't get me wrong, I love *SAO*... I basically dig the whole genre. They complement each other well. I just wish we had a Blu-ray release of *.hack//SIGN*. Especially with *SAO* getting **two** seasons this year (*SAO Alternate: Gun Gale Online* airing now and *SAO III* airing later this year), the time has never been better for a Blu-ray release of the series that inspired it.
I asked a friend of mine, who is a big World War II buff, as I am currently watching *Band of Brothers*, if there are tales of German heroism, similar movies and series about the Axis side of the war. He said that while there are stories of German heroism in WWII, due to the atrocities committed by the Nazis, and the severity of those atrocities, they basically don't matter. They cancel each other out.

As an Atheist, I don't really think Muslims are any worse than Christians. I think most members of both religions are good people who only want to better themselves by getting closer to Allah or God (which to me is the same character, this all-seeing, all-powerful being, also known as Jehovah or Yahweh in other faiths). Unlike a lot of Atheists on Reddit, I don't really see religion as bad, though it can be. I don't like to judge individuals part of a bigger group by the actions of the worst. However, I think many people, especially Americans, think Muslim and then think 9/11. (Which is why I made the point about the Nazis in WWII above.)

And even as an Atheist, I wish you could talk openly about your religion. I think we need more good religious people to show the virtues of their religion by example. It's not going to make me join, but I'd rather see more of the good ones than the bad ones. Likewise, I try not to be a shitty Atheist.
Shino, GGO Sinon, and ALO Sinon?

Spent too long looking for Asuna and Yuuki. First thought was "Asuna, Yuuki, and Sinon."
What it basically boils down to is a cringey cutesy word that overstayed its welcome, is no longer funny (though whether it ever was remains in dispute), and it's suspected that many of the people who repeat it are in on the joke (i.e. they don't like it either but enjoy being ridiculous, or silly). Could also be they have kids, and it amuses their kids to talk like that.

I think it did spawn from a meme... here's the [Know Your Meme page](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/doggo) on it. Good site to check if you're out of the loop. I don't have it bookmarked, but by Googling "[keywords] meme," it usually comes up, and it's my first port of call.
*No Game No Life* is an over-the-top "trapped in a game" trope (what *.hack* started and *Sword Art Online* popularised) with ecchi elements. Brother and sister gamer duo get trapped in a game world where all disputes are settled with games. The ecchi elements aren't as strong as some of the others, but it is enjoyable... if you can get past the wild colour palette.
Also known as *Food Wars*; one of my favourites. I didn't expect an anime about cooking to be all that good, but I love it.
Awesome. I just started the second season. Wife is a big fan (largely due to Austin Tindle's role as Obi) and had seen it already. *Our Miracle* sounds interesting.

I just didn't expect to find D&D influence in a romance anime.
At least she's only lightly tapping. I let my niece play on my DS when she was a bit older than this, and she would dig into the screen with the stylus. And she wasn't even a baby, more like six or seven years old.
No official confirmation, but the rumour mill has Bethesda presenting one as well. Basically, Bethesda the publisher has been putting out a bunch of content for everything but Bethesda the developer in the first half of the year, which lends people to believe they have something really big to announce of their own — such as The Elder Scrolls VI.

Could be really freakin' huge if Bethesda and CDPR both announce. We all know Bethesda. Their games are buggy as shit but we love 'em for making us feel super powerful. CDPR's are more methodical, a bit too much work for me, but much more sound on the bug front. I couldn't really get into Witcher, but I have high hopes for Cyberpunk. Never played the game it's based on, but a new direction and a new IP for CDPR along with their usual commitment to quality. Should be interesting at least. And as far as Bethesda goes, I hope competition from Witcher 3 and other titles has made them step up their QA a bit. They're my favourite developer, but I have a ton of respect for CDPR. They basically do everything right, though I'm not really in the target audience.
Smoking. Before, and the whole 'cigarette after' thing. Always been a non-smoker.

Weed? Whole other story. Whole different scene. Pot smokers are (usually) cool, but in any case it'd be kissing an ashtray. I don't smoke, myself, and neither does my wife, and that's okay, but I wouldn't mind, if I were single, dating a pot smoker, aside from the kissing, I think that would bother me. (I don't really know, I've never made out with a smoker. Just what I've heard.)
Female (opposite sex). Entirely outside of romantic attraction (plus, I'm married) I get along with women and girls easier than men and boys. 
Okay, so you basically think the web should be untrustworthy if trustworthiness is mutually exclusive to freedom of speech. I'll agree to disagree and leave it at that.
This really begs the question, why can one person claim a name like that and own it? France should bring to France. It's like when that one jackass bought Madonna.com and put porn on it. Disturbed (the band) and Steam (the game store) are both unable to use their name as a dot com simply because someone beat them to it.

At the top level, the web is, by nature, untrustworthy. Has been since the beginning. If I put in something, dot com, it should take me to that thing. In case of conflicts (say there's a Disturbed movie as well as the band), they should share it. Their own subdomain but the actual domain would take you where you expect.

I do believe in a free and open web, but honesty is important too, as is trustworthiness.
They're still lonely. They need their Yui!

[Here's the complete family.](https://i.imgur.com/14f4X44.jpg)

And cut those tags off! (Also, when you get Yui, you can carefully free her hands from the side of her dress. And my Yui is no longer wearing that Ordinal Scale pin, that's on my anime backpack now, which sorely needs moar pins.)
Absolutely. The first arc, Gun Gale Online (on which the new season is based) is about as good as Fairy Dance, maybe a little better, depending on how you feel about guns and gun games. (The guns are real, too — Google Sinon's Hecate II and Kirito's FN Five-seveN, they're both... interesting guns.) The second arc of SAO II, Excalibur, is trash. I'm sorry, but I didn't like it both times I watched it, except for the tail-pulling scene. Also, Klein got a good moment, so that's good. But mostly it felt like filler. (And we have yet to see Kirito actually *use* Excalibur in the anime, so it felt wasted.) However, the third arc of SAO II, Mother's Rosario, is in my opinion and in the opinion of some, the best arc of the franchise animated so far. First of all, Kirito isn't the main character, he's a side character this time. It's all about Asuna and her relationship with her mother, and the arc's best girl, Yuuki.

SAO actually is not in my top animes... Sorry, I like more emotionally impactful stuff. My favourite is Erased, I've always liked time travel stuff. Followed by Your Lie in April and Orange, tied for second and third. However, if Mother's Rosario was its own thing with a full cour (12 episodes), it would take second place. Absolutely. (SAO is my second favourite action series, though, behind Fullmetal Alchemist. FMA will probably be king for a while in that regard. I love SAO but Edward Elric and his journey is a cut above. If you've seen it, I'm sure you understand — and I lump Classic and Brotherhood into one.)
tl;dr from the link, their birthday is December 1 (they share the same birthday). This isn't really that uncommon in anime. In *Boku Dake ga Inai Machi*, the two main characters, also connected by fate, also share a birthday. No body swapping shenanigans, just time travel shenanigans.
No problem! If you want a bit more (technical) information...

I'm not an app developer, so I can't tell you how easy (or hard) it would have been for them to update their app to 64 bit. I do know that the change largely has to do with how many SoC (system on a chip; processor, GPU, and RAM) resources can be allocated to a program. Less on 32-bit, more on 64-bit. There's probably more.

I do know you need a Mac to make iPhone apps (including games). So, I suppose it's possible some of those developers don't have a Mac anymore, though the $500 Mac Mini counts (it's just really slow, but it will compile an iPhone game... eventually). So they have the source code and assets (videos, sound files, etc.) on their machine... it's also possible these were lost to the ages (hard disk failure with no backups) so it's also possible they had a Mac but couldn't update the app since they no longer have the source.

Now if they have a Mac and they have a source, I'm about 85% certain that "64-bit" is just a compiling option. Meaning all they have to do is hit a button and tick a box. I played with a programming environment called CodeWarrior in the 90s. It was popular for making PC games. (I took a programming class and got a temporary license. I failed the class spectacularly, but to be fair to myself it was a college class and I was still in high school.) What's interesting is that CodeWarrior had "DLC" (well, plugins) for N64 and PlayStation. Meaning your game could be exported to Nintendo 64 and PlayStation if you had those plugins. Though I've always heard PlayStation is a bitch and a half to develop for (custom formats), so certain accommodations would have to be made for that build. Likewise, any game compiled for Nintendo 64 that was greater than, I believe, 48MB, simply would not fit on a standard N64 cartridge. Thus, it's possible (though I doubt it) that there would be certain accommodations they could not meet for 64-bit. And in that case they might not have the skill. But again, I doubt it, I think if someone can make an iOS game (and there are a ton of indie titles that are developed by small teams or individuals), then they can update it to 64-bit.

tl;dr: There may be a couple valid scenarios where they actually could not update their app, though they still wouldn't be blameless, and Apple still is, more or less.

Side note, Apple gets shit for "courage" in removing the headphone jack, but banishing 32-bit apps actually did require courage. Microsoft hasn't done it. You can still run 32-bit apps in Windows 10. Even 16-bit apps from the Windows 3.x days (pre-Windows 95). Pretty sure modern Android can also run 32-bit apps. By saying, "anyone who doesn't update their app by this time will have their apps removed" did take courage and they could have faced a much bigger backlash, even though the developers had years to get ready.
Don't blame Apple. 100% of removed games were abandoned. The developers were notified **four years prior** (maybe five). Basically they were notified when the iPhone 5s came out. Based on the way Apple works, when the iPhone 5s would be the last supported iPhone (i.e. iPhone 5 is no longer supported) then so too would 32-bit apps. iPhone 5s being the first 64-bit iPhone.

Any of those developers could have recompiled in 64-bit and then did nothing else. If they didn't after all that time, that's 100% on them.
That's part of the point. Us anime fans are a strange lot. Froppy, or Tsuyu "Call me Sue" Asui, is a weird girl too. She's a reflection of anime fans, in a good way. She's the kind of chick who will barge in on you, pick up a controller, and proceed to kick your ass at Smash.
I play a card game called Weiß Schwarz, it's basically Magic the Gathering for anime fans. Instead of using a damage counter, we use cards. Seven cards and you go up a level (can use better cards). Level four (28 damage) and you lose. If I'm at 3/6 (level 3, 6 cards on in the damage clock) and fucked, I'll clock myself to lose. It isn't a forfeit. Basically in the draw phase, you can put a card from hand to clock to get to draw two more cards. However, at 3/6, by clocking, you immediately lose.

Still counts as a victory for your opponent, and a full victory, but if you're at level 3, your opponent is too, so they're probably planning shenanigans, and by bowing out like that, you deny them that.

It's a far friendlier game than Magic, so it's definitely a dick move. I've only done it once, and had it done to me once. But the guy that did it to me was 3/6 and had one card in his deck. So if he would have attacked, he would have trigger checked his last card, which triggers a refresh (shuffle waiting room and that's your new deck), which costs 1 to clock, which would have beat him anyway.

It's a really fun game! If you like card games and you like anime, join us over at /r/WeissSchwarz.
*orifice. In case you wanted to know how to spell it... took me a minute. ;) 
Anticipation. It's impossible for humans to pull off because a jackass like me will come along and spoil it. Basically you and the other guy got bamboozled. Basically he's "torturing" you by making you wonder and it's impossible because, again, almost inevitably, someone will explain the gag.

The worst is actually vivisection. Being dissected and being kept awake and alive as long as possible while it's happening. 
Frog girl best girl... she looks older here, though. (As an older anime fan, I approve!)
This is Pepakura. Didn't see it mentioned. It's the name of the program. Feed it a 3D model and it will give you several sheets to print out, cut out, with tabs to fold in or out and for to matching numbered tabs. It's pretty brilliant.

My wife was using it to try to make an Alphonse Elric armour. The armoured dude from Fullmetal Alchemist. She got the head and torso. Each took hours. We don't still have them.
Is this new? I feel like I saw this before, like in a magazine or something.
Use SoundHound on a smartphone (or similar app, there are a few alternatives, like the new Pixels have it built in) to ID it.
I wish they'd let me remove them from my big playlist! I hate when I'm playing music and I'm actually looking at my phone, and they show me an album and say LOLNOPE and skip it... and then jump to the next song. Okay, fine, licensing is a bitch, I was a *Rockband* player for years, **I know this**, but fucking let me take the song out of my playlist! All I ask. I can remove songs they licensed but apparently not songs they haven't anymore.

Now if they'd tell us, "Hey, this song is going to go off license soon, play it while you can!" I could delete it then...
It was modern then. Now it might be considered slightly noir. Tech noir? Is that a thing? I mean, *The Matrix* was such an influence on the world of tech, gaming, cinema... to go back and watch it would be jarring indeed, especially when you remember how many of those trends it started.

It might be less jarring for me, because I'm a gamer, and I play *Fallout* games (the new ones... can't stand turn-based strategy like the first two use). In the *Fallout* universe, the transistor was never invented (or it was invented later?) and while they take place after 2277 (200 years after a global nuclear holocaust), they still have CRT screens. They even have robots with screens in the front... CRT screens... with scanlines... and this is all part of the *Fallout* style. It's retro futuristic, everything kind of has a 1950s vibe to it, even through the 2070s when the world ended. So if you're *really* old, and inclined to gaming, grab *Fallout 3* during a sale (the complete game with all five expansions is regularly $5 on Steam during sales) and check it out. (While *New Vegas* is a fan favourite, it's also a lot harder. I wouldn't recommend it for a new player... lest they find the rest disappointing! Yeah, I'm a *NV* fan, too.)
I don't think he will. He thinks too highly of himself and lowly of his victims, like he was entitled and that he's not guilty because he had every right. I think what Trump said about being famous and being able to sexually harass/assault women ("grab them by the pussy") is sort of the mentality Cosby has as well. I think that what Trump said, while shocking because he's currently a sitting President, isn't really that uncommon among the wealthy and famous. They believe they're entitled to certain things, and wealth certainly affords that, but then they start thinking they're entitled to people. Someone like that wouldn't kill himself. Certainly not out of guilt. I think Cosby is looking up. Looking for the next opportunity. Not looking down, looking for a way out.
Trans isn't an orientation, it's sex/gender dysphoria, i.e. I was born male but I feel female inside, or vice-versa. Dysphoria is a real thing, it's not a pejorative term, nor do I mean it as such. It's actually the scientific explanation for trans people. And the best solution to dysphoria is gender reassignment therapy/surgery. Basically we have the science to change their gender and that's what they get, to the extent they want.

So if we take a trans man, which is a person who was assigned female at birth but is transitioning to male, they could be attracted to men or to women, or to both, or possibly to neither.

I think the question you want to ask is, do trans people define their sexual orientation based on what they were assigned at birth, or what they transition to? And I think the answer is going to be the latter. So take my above example, a trans man, he was assigned female at birth, he has a vagina, he's taking testosterone, he's had breast reduction surgery or possibly a mastectomy, and he identifies as gay, so he's attracted to men. So he's definitely gay, he's not straight because he was born with a vagina.

At least that's my understanding. Trans can be a tricky situation because every trans individual is a little different. You should ask this in /r/AskTrans. They don't bite! (Well, maybe if you ask them to...)
Also /r/AskMen
We don't? Biologically male, assigned male at birth. No idea what it's like to be a woman.

Actually my favourite film is *Kimi no Na wa.*, a Japanese film about teenagers who switch bodies. I watched a movie in the 80s about a little or young girl who drinks a potion or some shit to become a boy, I don't recall the name but basically the concept has always intrigued me.

I also write, and write female characters. Honestly I don't know how periods are, how female masturbation/sex feels, etc., so when I write a female character, I just skip all that. Most books I've read don't cover it anyway, like fiction I mean.

And I just got back from playing D&D as a female character for the first time. She's the sibling of my last character, and he only has three sisters, no brothers, and I wanted to play one of his siblings, so... girl it is. It was fun because when I spoke in character, I used a quieter voice and that seemed to work well. So I mean, that's role playing, it's like acting to a degree. A common table rule at D&D is that sexual harassment/advances are off the table, so the people playing male characters weren't hitting on me (my character), or the other female character, who was played by a woman. So we had two guys playing men, a guy playing a woman (me), and a woman playing a woman. Functionally my female character wasn't much different from her brother. He's a rogue thief, she's a rogue scout, so she does things a little differently, but they both fight at range with long bows. (The rogue scout, if you're unaware, is from the recent rules expansion Xanathar's Guide to Everything, and the scout borrows some things from the ranger, and her background is outlander, what is recommended for rangers.)
I'm a white guy. I love Mexican food, Italian food, and Chinese food.

Do you mean American? Each country (and in the case of big countries, regions) has its own cuisine. I'm also an American. Americans (white, black, whatever) have pizza, hamburgers and hot dogs, steak, meat loaf, the holiday feast (what you eat at Thanksgiving and/or Christmas), things like that. Regional to North Carolina where I live now, we eat barbecue. I don't, I don't like it. What we call barbecue is more accurately pulled pork. Barbecue a whole pig and pull the meat off. I'm not a fan. Where I'm from, in California, barbecue means cooking out. (Cooking out is a thing in NC, and it's called cooking out.) So basically grilling hot dogs, hamburgers, veggies, etc.

White people in the UK eat UK food, which is slightly different, but they have access to a lot of the same foods as we do.
Ooh, this. Don't ever assume. I worked at a facility with a lot of Asian people. Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Laotian, and Cambodian were the five most common. I'm a white guy. I couldn't tell them apart.

That's called a lisp, and it's only a stereotype. Guys with lisps don't have to be gay.

I have a gay (male) cousin. I actually suspected his brother of being gay first because he was always humping on older guys. I spent a lot more time with the two older brothers. The middle boy ended up being gay... I heard about it from others (before he came out). I mean others suspected it before I did. I guess I was just blind to it because he and his older brother and I got along so well. I never thought that one of them might not be straight. Didn't occur to me. When he did come out, he told me that I wasn't his type, we joked about it, and that was that. I was actually real happy for him, because I know that can be hard.
Not black but I've lived in Northern California and North Carolina. In Northern California, blacks were a real minority (I'd only met about a dozen or so in 25 years). We said African American, it was polite. We wouldn't have been caught dead saying black, it felt like saying black was just one step up from the N word (or at least "Negro").

When I moved to North Carolina, it's just black. And that's if anything. Living in a place where the black population is closer to half (I think it's actually closer to a third but it sure feels like half (or more!) to me... probably because I notice them more because they were rare when I was young. And here it's like that quote often attributed to Morgan Freeman (not sure he actually said it), something like "I'm going to stop calling you white and you stop calling me black." If I was describing one, I'd say black or dark skinned, but generally a black person is just a person. I don't mean to be politically correct, it's just that skin pigmentation has no more bearing on a person's description than their hair color. Most of us don't care. (Of course, being that this is NC, we still have a lot of Klan and such, but they are a vocal minority.) Like for example when talking about the guys who were escorted out of Starbucks by police, I don't say black guys, I say those two young guys. The fact that they have dark skin doesn't really enter into it for me.
Depends on the game. In *Deus Ex*, all the fans know the first code is 0451 and it's become something of a trope. I don't even recall where to find the code — oh, you get it told to you in conversation.

Interestingly enough, in Deus Ex: Human Revolution, 0451 is also the first code, but it's told to you (always) before you can use it. I think you can skip the cut scene, but the protagonist repeats it to himself before you enter it so you remember.

Then you have the Fallout games (3, New Vegas, and 4 anyway) where the passwords are randomised.
Yep, totally copyable. In fact what you should do is, once you get all the scripts set up, name the file something like "blank character sheet (mpmb 12.999).pdf" and set it to read-only. This way, when you're making a character and you try to save, Windows/Acrobat will say no and force you to choose a new name. No accidental shenanigans. (Then back it up to at least one cloud service. Then you can just share that link. Just not here, LOL.)
Not tricked per se. I'm deadly allergic to peanuts (and other nuts), and when I was about 3 or 4, my father, a scientist and peanut lover, wanted to see what would happen if I ate just a half a peanut. Like, there are 3-4 to a pod or shell or whatever, and he would buy those halved in Planters jars. He said surely one wouldn't be that big of a deal. My mom agreed and they fed me one. I was up all night puking, and at 38, I still remember. No grudge or anything. I mean, my father passed away almost 16 years ago. It's not something I ever held against him.
Facebook. Wait! Hear me out. First Google for local comic book/trading card stores in your area. Second, look them up on Facebook. Like their page, join their group, and post in their group that you're new to D&D 5e (or whatever your experience is) and that you're looking for a group. It's easier if you're willing to be DM.

Playing D&D is a great way to meet people!
I think it's just a peace sign. V for victory I believe is a UK tradition dating back to archers who hadn't had their pointer and middle fingers cut off by the enemy (since those fingers are primarily for drawing a bow string back). But when that sign is flashed, the back of the hand is shown, and it's very much the British equivalent of the American "flipping the bird" middle finger gesture. If there's a Japanese equivalent of those, I don't know it. But the peace sign (palm out, pointer and middle fingers pointed upward in a V) is popular over there. Japanese also do a horizontal peace sign, sometimes with the middle and pointer above and below the eye, respectively. I think that might be an idol (pop star) thing specifically, not sure.
Because this is Fairy Dance and Yuuki hasn't shown up yet. (Or Sinon, for that matter.)

Actually in Fairy Dance, Leafa upstages Asuna pretty hard. And I say this Asuna being my waifu. But facts are facts, Asuna is only best girl for the Aincrad arc. She might have had it in Excalibur, but Sinon stole it with the "fire arrow in the pie hole" scene (when Kirito pulls her tail... the line might have been localised differently in Japanese).
I love this show so much. I've seen it twice now, once on my own and a second time with my wife. It's a soap opera, more or less. It kind of feels like a CW superhero drama, much like Arrow or Flash, with Amanda Clarke's plotting and scheming that mostly goes as planned, but it plays out as a soap opera with the wealthy Grayson family affairs she gets tied up in. For all the cheesiness though, it's a solid 10/10 show, though it had a couple low points. Almost anything having to do with the Organisation or whatever they were called (seen it twice and don't remember, they were that forgettable) was pretty bad, as were parts of season 4. Most of the cast was great, except for Charlotte Grayson and SPOILER who joins the cast in season 4 (technically the season 3 finale). Everyone else was spot on. I loved Conrad and Victoria. Daniel and Aiden were solid, too. And of course Amanda Clarke was a total badass. The boat boys were cool, too — Jack and Declan.

Strongly recommend this to anyone looking for good cheesy fun that is far better than it has any right to be. Even the second time through, I was giddy with excitement for each new episode, and legitimately sad when it was over (both times).

[Trakt page for Revenge](https://trakt.tv/shows/revenge) (links to IMDb and others)
What's on the T-Rex? It's that a Dino-Riders? (There was much more to it and I remember their T-Rex being darker, but it's been years!)
Same thing that happens in The Walking Dead when one of them sees a zombie movie. Zombie movies generally do not exist in zombie movies/shows. It's always a surprise and unprecedented. Whereas you know in real life there are people who actually want there to be a zombie apocalypse, and are actively preparing for it (roll tide).
Is that in the LNs or the games? I've only watched the show.

What's the nickname? Is it Sinonon, or is that a typo in the OP?
Easy. Red. I'm not a parent so I wouldn't be sacrificing my child. (Check my post history for replies to other comments that explain this better.) However, I am married. Engineering my relationship from a stronger financial and possibly social position would be a challenge, but not impossible. The idea that I would be able to go to my wife directly rather than a chance meeting, and pick her up sooner, would be appealing, but then I'd have to explain how I know what I know. Since I trust her completely, I would have no worries about trusting her in the second timeline. We grew up on opposite sides of the country. My changes wouldn't influence her.

I think a big one for a lot of us (older folks anyway) would be preventing 9/11. Basically, you couldn't. White House and related agencies get hundreds, thousands of threats all the time. It's theorised that they were tipped off about 9/11 and that's why Bush was down in Florida. They didn't take it that seriously but they took it serious enough to have POTUS do a fluff trip, reading to kindergarteners and not even in his home state, what is that even? So yeah, they were likely tipped off already and it still happened. If you tried, you'd be detained at least, and possibly sent to Gitmo. Best to do something on the sly. Get your ass to NYC the morning of and pull fire alarms in both buildings half an hour before, or something like that. Then you're not stopping the attack (leave that to the government) but you are reducing casualties. For years, decades, people will wonder about the prankster who pulled fire alarms in both buildings and saved hundreds of lives. Many people will owe you their lives and never know you did it. Or later when questioned about your incredible success, you could come clean about that, too.

Everyone's thinking money, and yeah, I'd invest in Apple before the iPod and iPhone announcements, and similar things with other companies. But really, the main reason I'd want to go back is to spend more time with my father. Basically he had cancer (Lymphoma) and only told a couple people. His family didn't know until about a month before he passed. It was very sudden for us. I'd "find out" and force his hand, make him announce it, so we'd all spend more time with him before, not just me (I wouldn't disclose the date, I'd definitely keep that under my hat, or maybe share it with my brother). I dunno, it seems like a dick move. I'd at least spend more time with the old man. And also other family members we lost too soon.
Unless you have kids. Think about how *random* one's offspring are. You literally could not have the same child twice. Even if you knew the date of conception and you could get the same egg, you couldn't guarantee the same sperm cell reached it.

Here's a conundrum. Hypothetically you're married and you have a daughter who was born with a birth defect. Fixing it sent you deep into debt and chewed through your life savings, and you're living in a lower social class than you were before, but you'd do it again in a heartbeat because you love your little girl. Perfectly natural. So you take the "back in time" option, and you have it all figured out, you conceive on the same day, but a different sperm cell fertilises the same egg, and now you have a son who is perfectly healthy. Your savings are intact and due to all the advantages the time travel granted you, you're living much better with your son. But you never forget your daughter. The guilt would be insane. Basically you'd have killed her to get a better life, or at least sacrificed her.
I assume it's a *Boku Dake ga Inai Machi* (*Erased*) situation. It's a show on Netflix (and an anime on Hulu). It's about a guy who can involuntarily rewind time to prevent tragedies. He's not in control of it at all. When his mother is murdered, he's whisked back to age 10. Everything is as it was when he was 10 years old, but he possesses knowledge of the future.

In fact, there's a huge debate over why he doesn't use his experience as an excuse to bang girls in the past. I'm in the minority suggesting that would make him a pedophile, which he's clearly not as his best friend is a teenage girl (he's 28) and while his mother ships them, he's completely oblivious. Getting sidetracked, but that's an important point. If you're past puberty (likely an adult) and you revert back to 10 years old, unless you're a pedophile, you've got a few years of sexual frustration to work through.

So yes, depending upon what life was like for you at 10 years old heavily influences your choice, naturally.
Were they ever actually friends though? I don't remember them interacting much.
I don't remember... Something in the configuration file about a mask. The album cover IS square, the plug-in just masks the corners. I made it not do that by removing a few lines of code. The configuration file is plain text and you can get at it from the main Rainmeter interface.
That's the only reason I got into it.

Actually, that's not right. When I first saw SAO, I just thought it was okay, too much like .hack//SIGN. I got into the game because my wife was playing it, and she wanted someone to practice with.

She picked up the Attack on Titan trial deck kind of on a whim while I was there to play D&D. Looking back, that probably would have been my first choice. The store had that, Angel Beats, and Log Horizon (as far as shows I'd seen). Even then, they didn't have the SAO trial deck. My wife picked up a Fairy Tail trial deck and began building that. I started out with her Titan deck, and was just helping her keep fresh between weekly tournaments. Then she found the SAO trial deck on Amazon, and I bought it and began playing SAO then.

That was in May or June last year. I haven't even been doing it a year. Last December I reached SAO. Came out with a different opinion than before, that while it was similar to the older series, this time around I find it better. A lot better. And neither of them are original, anyway — the whole "trapped in another world" trope goes back at least as far as the 1800s with Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Specific to gaming, that's TRON from 1982. So as far as anime is concerned, it's basically fair game. And no good writer exists in a vacuum, except maybe Thoreau, dude lived by himself in the middle of nowhere.

I still say I play because I'm a fan of the series, though it didn't exactly happen that way. It is a fun game, though.
Well, it's difficult to get into since both the SAO trial decks have gone out of print. You don't necessarily need a trial deck to start, but a trial deck is all you need to play, and is often the cheapest way in.

The SAO II trial deck sucks, at least in my opinion. Fortunately, it's the rarer of the two. I got it for cards I couldn't get elsewhere, but it heavily features Death Gun, and who wants to play as him? Also Kirito and Sinon, which are alright. The deck is focused on GGO though, so if you preferred GGO, you might like it, if you can find it.

The original SAO trial deck is alright. I paid $40 for it and four booster packs (worth about $5 each), and I've since seen the first booster pack on Amazon for $40. [Here it is.](https://www.amazon.com/Weiss-Schwarz-ENGLISH-Trial-Online/dp/B00CDGOEG0) The problem is, $40 doesn't get you a game you can play with someone else. It gets you into a game at your local card shop. Anyone you want to play with has to have their own deck.

We're all hoping that when SAO 3 comes out, it comes with a new trial deck, because Ordinal Scale didn't get one. You can get booster packs and boxes (box of 20 packs) for OS, but not a trial deck, and a box isn't exactly a guarantee of producing a viable deck, at $75! Not a cheap hobby to get into as you can see.

There are four colours, and each colour vaguely represents a play style, and most characters tend to stick to one colour. Yellow is Asuna mostly, but also Heathcliff, Kuradeel, Laughing Coffin, and the Cait Sith leader (one card). Blue is Kirito, Yui, Klein, Agil, Sinon, and maybe someone else. Red is Lisbeth and Silica, and Death Gun and his SAO II associates (spoilers, you know). Green is Yuuki, Leafa, Rapey McRapeFace (I forget his real name), and maybe someone else. The first (linked) trial deck is just blue and yellow, while SAO II is red and blue. You're limited on when you can play what colour, so that's why my fun deck is just yellow. One less thing to worry about.

It's hard to recommend getting into now because the good SAO cards are getting rare, fast. I'm not a big fan of the Ordinal Scale set, and before too long, that's all the SAO that will be available, until the SAO 3/Alicization set, and that hasn't even been announced. Hopefully the SAO 3 set will be really good and will spark new interest in the game.

WS is functionally very similar to MTG... in some ways it's easier and in some ways it's more complex. MTG was too complex for me, but I found WS easy to pick up, and now MTG seems simple because there are so many similarities. Functionally, they're very similar. There's basically three tiers of learning. First is the basic structure of the game (easy). Second is play strategy (medium). And third is deck building, which is harder (and can be expensive).
Not a stupid question at all. The game is Weiß Schwarz. It's not very popular, but it's basically an anime themed Magic the Gathering. I play SAO. That means I can use SAO and SAO Ordinal Scale cards, but I can't use Accel World or Log Horizon or any other series' cards with my own, unless I build specific decks with those that cannot, in turn, use SAO cards.

Check my replies to other people in this thread? I've posted pictures of my mat and my card lists with pictures. I'd happily post them again, but I'm on mobile, and I don't really wanna toot my own horn too much, haha. Especially since this isn't /r/WeissSchwarz. 
They're both me by Bushiroad, I believe. Weiß Schwarz, Vanguard, and Buddy Fight I think is the third one. Weiß is the most popular of them here, though it's not even a tenth as big as Magic.

My wife's got Konosuba. She runs a bunch of sets. Also Fairy Tail, Attack on Titan, Persona 5, Magical Index, couple others.
Sweet mat OP. What's your game? I have [a custom mat](https://imgur.com/a/pjrgL) too, and I play Weiß Schwarz, running two different SAO decks. A competitive one featuring almost everyone (but focused on Kirito, Asuna, Yuuki, and Leafa) and a casual one (Asuna waifu deck).
You probably don't — you have it made. [Inked Gaming](https://www.inkedgaming.com/) is where I got mine. Please be aware that a dark wallpaper will get darker in printing. My first mat was based on Boku Dake ga Inai Machi (the tree scene), and the wallpaper was just a little dark... but the mat looked like shit, so I had to send it back. I was already playing SAO, but I wanted to rep my favourite anime (this was before seeing Kimi no Na wa.). Now I use an SAO mat.

Here's my old mat, the image I sent in, my new mat, and the image I sent in for that. [Imgur album](https://imgur.com/a/pjrgL)
It doesn't have zones, so technically OP could be playing any card game. I play Weiß Schwarz, and my mat has the zones... but I kinda wish it didn't.

SAO is pretty popular at my local card shop. On a busy Sunday there might be 3-4 other guys playing SAO.
> clearly some people didn't like your comment and downvoted you

This sub's actually pretty toxic. I see a lot of stuff get downvoted. Probably got nothing to do with most of the people who get downvoted. Don't worry about it. I don't. But thanks.

You're right, I'm more of a collector... more of a casual player, actually, than a competitive player. And yeah, I mainly run [a waifu deck](https://wsdecks.com/deck/35132/). I know about the Asuna L1 counter (Vice Commander, right?) but I don't run it because I have poor luck getting backups when I need them. I'd rather put the global 500 Asuna/Yuis in the back row and give everyone +1000. The secondary effect is for Kirito, but he's not in the deck so I don't worry about that. I think I own 1 or 2 of the L2 Leafa counter, and I forget its name, but I think it's a rare card.

I know a little about standby climaxes, my best friend runs a red Silica/Lisbeth deck out of my cards. I think he runs 3 or 4 Heinous Trap; he also uses the Silica/plant +2 soul climax as well.

I mainly play casual, as I said... I do have [a switch deck](https://wsdecks.com/deck/57669/) as well, but the meta gaming, the order of operations... it's just not as fun.
Tradition and religion.

Personally, I'm all for whatever's cheapest. My family cremates, so if that's what works for everyone, that's fine.

People saying they can't afford to die. $10k life insurance plans are cheap and common. You die, your family gets $10k, it covers the basics. You can get more coverage for more money. A lot of jobs offer a $10k life insurance as part of a package. You can also get multiple insurance policies, and as long as you pay into them until you die, they all pay out however much. I'm no expert on insurance though, I just know it's a thing.
Anime-only watcher, but my wife is caught up with the manga. She's provided some commentary, but I'm getting by well enough on my own.
Anime-only TG fan here. I'm enjoying :re without having read the manga. I might not know as much, but from the train wreck that was Root A, I'm just viewing :re as a sort of skip ahead that will explain itself in due course.

My wife has the manga fully collected in English, and if there's a volume out she doesn't have, she'll get it soon enough. I could read the manga, I've just never been able to get into manga, graphic novels, or comic books. It's not a new problem, and it's a problem with me (not with reading right to left or anything like that). If I could get into manga, TG would be my first choice. I'm not a huge fan of the anime, but I do count myself as a fan.

(My wife would agree that being familiar with the manga, especially knowing what the manga did differently from Root A, specifically with regards to Hide, would be ideal. I'm not disagreeing with you, or her. Just saying I'm enjoying it without the manga.)
I don't. I have it set up, but it's the opposite of useful for me. Not because it's bad, but because before Apple deigned to bless us with a file manager, I was using Documents by Readdle.

I came from Android, and in fact used to be an iPhone hater, so the lack of proper file management was always a sticking point, and an easy attack vector. On Android, a good file manager is practically a must (keep FX and Solid in mind if you ever switch, they're the best). But on iOS, I quickly learned one wasn't necessary, and not even a week in (I've had my iPhone for 2 years now), I didn't miss not having a file manager.

I think I had Documents when I still had iOS 9, but I definitely had it when I had iOS 10.

Like Files, you can add your cloud. You can also use their built-in web browser to download files to it. Now, I'm sure most of y'all know that while Android has an open file system that any app can access, iOS sandboxes every app with some exceptions. So Documents has its own bespoke file container that no other app can access (save for iTunes on your computer), and it's very easy to get files into that container. That container is then like your SD card on Android. You can do all kinds of things with the files, but generally you can't pass them to other apps. Fortunately, Documents has a PDF reader, ebook reader, and media player. Like third-party file managers on Windows, it has a ton of tools for interacting with files.

Most apps on iOS can't share, but two that can are Music and Photos (Camera Roll). So we have third-party music apps on iOS, but either they use their own bespoke file container, like TinyPlayer, or they use the iTunes database, like Cesium. TinyPlayer, like Documents, as well as VLC (media player) and PlayerXtreme (media player), can create a web interface where you can drag and drop files from your computer to your iPhone. Though Android has AirDroid (a third party app/service), I find it easier to get files onto my iPhone. The web service just works, 100% of the time, whereas AirDroid is very finicky. It's absolutely a wonderful tool, it's just not very well made, and part of that might be due to limitations within Android (yes, the "open" one).

Also as a former Android guy (and still current Android fan), I've come to appreciate the difference in how iOS does things. To use a gaming analogy, Android is like PC, with tons of configurations (and in some case, configuration required before certain things work), but so much more potential, whereas iOS is like PlayStation. Proprietary and streamlined. Like gaming, phones can be divisive, but I think it's important, especially for more educated and experienced phone guys, to try both at least once. You gotta try what is/was the best Android phone at the time at least once (not a crappy one), and you gotta try an iPhone at least once. Otherwise you just got tunnel vision. And I think that's a nasty habit Apple cultivates, especially with, as /r/MKBHD put it, they have that trapping ecosystem. That said, I can't really recommend an Android flagship right now. The Pixel 2 doesn't do enough to put it ahead of the iPhone 8. Not quite. I'd have liked to see it have an 18:9 screen like its big brother. And that phone, the Pixel 2 XL, has screen issues, but a better camera than the iPhone 8 Plus and X. So for an Apple guy looking to try Android, I'd say "wait." No one's unseating current iPhone in processor performance, but that aside, iPhone 8/8 Plus is still the best smartphone out right now (IMO X is a special thing that doesn't quite justify the extra price).
I don't even use all of its features. I mainly use it for PDF viewing. I know other features are there, but I haven't really played with them.
It's just a better app, and it's free. 
That's a busy deck... all four colours, and lots of secret cards. That value though! I have most of these cards, but not the secret varieties. I do have one SR Heinous Trap, though.

Actually, I don't think I have *all* the Link Strike cards. Been collecting SAO for about a year now. I've bought one box and maybe a dozen packs of SAO:OS. Got a decent collection. I mainly stick to a casual mono yellow Asuna waifu deck. I've never had a strong level 3 game in any deck, so it's more centered around Lightning Flash Asuna and Asuna's Veteran Cooking Skill (the 8500 that gets to 10k with other cards on field) at level 2. I have four Bacons (Beacon of Hope, Asuna) and I have a few Asuna's Quiet Time to get them in hand, but that doesn't always go off as it's a climax combo. But as I said, it's a more casual deck.
Yes and no. Sometimes reviews are bought. Read the reviews, and anything that says something about the product being received for free for a fair and honest review, and it's a five star review... those are paid-for reviews and the product is probably either crap, or at least no better/worse than others.

I'd rather buy a 3 star product with actual honest reviews than a 5 star product with even one sponsored review on it. I will take my chances on a less dishonest vendor as opposed to rewarding shady behaviour. (I might change my tune if I got some free products, but since I haven't, I can afford my virtue.)
It really depends upon your definition of virginity. There's an excellent scene in the film *Chasing Amy* that covers this. The subject is actually about whether lesbian sex constitutes virginity loss or not. Ben Affleck is arguing it doesn't because lesbians don't have penises (to which Joey Lauren Adams makes a gesture implying fisting, which disgusts Affleck). The point is, Adams' point was that, to her anyway (and I agree), virginity is about giving yourself freely to another, and trusting them completely enough to willingly undress for them and let them explore your body.

So on that note, I don't personally believe rape constitutes a loss of virginity. If someone defines virginity as making a vagina bleed from rough penetration, then okay, it could, but that's not the definition I choose to use.

You might get better answers over in /r/sex, by the way. You can use the anonymous "my friend wants to know" angle there, too. ;)
Revert anime? SAO? Same story but less mistakes? Do you mean what SAO was to .hack//SIGN, a similar anime about people in a VR game unable to log out but a decade earlier? Though the same people worked on both (Namco Bandai did games for both, Yuki Kajiura did the music for both), it's more of an 'inspired by' kind of thing. Though I wouldn't say .hack//SIGN made mistakes so much as that it had next to no action. SAO took a good idea and gave people what they want. Witty banter and fights. And more cute girls.

I'm excited for Re:Zero getting an English version this year. My wife's already seen it and spoke highly of it. I've seen the first episode of HxH, and it was good... feels like another Gurren Lagann or FMA Brotherhood. That's a good thing, but the episode count is intimidating. But it may be more like My Hero Academia (ensemble cast where everyone shines), and that's good too. Maybe I'll give HxH another shot. Wife wants me to watch Fairy Tail, which is a bigger nope (due to episode count only, nothing against it), so maybe HxH would be a fair compromise (she likes it too, especially loves Killua).
I mean, and I should have covered this before, but I was on my phone, and in a hurry — but that wouldn't be a double positive, it would be a double negative. The same reasons that would keep Satoru from being attracted to Kayo would also keep this hypothetical Kayo from being attracted to Satoru. More so in fact, as many more men are pedophiles than women. For a man, a younger girl is tighter, so it's better for him (from a certain point of view, not all men value this — I don't), but for a woman, a younger guy is smaller, so that does less for her. Again, it's not the only tool he has at his disposal (hands, mouth), but still, there are other physiological reasons that sex would not be on the table that basically boil down to "they're too young." They're not far off from being old enough. Plus, I don't know much about Japanese culture, but in America, if you had a couple ten year olds that couldn't keep their hands off each other, the parents would typically separate them. It's just not healthy behavior.

Not trying to rain on your parade after offering you an umbrella, though. They could certainly develop feelings. More rationally though, I think they'd develop something of a sibling relationship. Anything's possible though.
Sandwich, and salty.
The same sort of happened to me, twice in fact. My second DVD player was a PS2. My first Blu-ray player was a PS3. Second one was an Xbox One. I've never owned a standalone Blu-ray player.
So would I! If I had the chops, I'd kind of like to write it.

I've got an idea for a beginning, in fact. Okay, you know how Satoru see the blue butterfly when he's about to have a Revival? Yeah? So drop the Airi ending. Instead, trap and Satoru shake hands outside Kayo's apartment. Trap goes back in, and Kayo goes out to the balcony and watches Satoru drive away (of course he still drives a moped). Then something catches her eye, and she sees the blue butterfly. It captivates her, and she reaches out for it, slips, and goes over the railing. They're at least five storeys up. She lands in the water (a pond), and when she gets out, she's ten again, her mother dunking her head in the sink full of ice water (or rather pulling her head out). She realises what happened and that this is what happened to Satoru, so she resolves to save him as he's still planning to save her.

A possible plot point might be her shooting straight with Satoru and them planning together. Might strengthen the ship. Especially since they're both adults in kids' bodies.
Privacy. If you're on a public hotspot, your session can be stolen with various apps on Android and Windows, though I think with so many sites using HTTPS this isn't a thing anymore, or maybe it is. I don't know. With a VPN, your data is protected.
I'm kind of a nerd, so I made my best signature on the brightest paper I could find, took a picture of it with my phone, played with the contrast settings, and then used MS Word to write up my time off request forms for the year, and then imported the signature as a floating image. It looked really good. And then emailed the Word documents. I could have just printed them, signed them, and faxed them, but I wanted to be fancy, I had the time, and I was on the clock.

I then deleted the signature pic, because security reasons. But if you had something like a fingerprint locked flash drive or something secure like this (actually my portable SSD has encryption, so I could just use that), then you could carry a signature image file safely. Though I'm not sure how big of a deal it is. It's still fraud if someone uses it without your permission. It's not like you've literally given whoever steals the image power of attorney, because your signature can be replicated in other means. At work, I sign my name several times a day. Any of those can be photographed, shopped, and copied onto other documents. That can't be legally binding.
One of the reasons *Erased* is in my #1 spot is because it's only 12 episodes. They told a great story in a relatively short amount of time. Consider my second favourite, *Your Lie in April*, I think it's 25 episodes. It's way too long. They didn't have that much story (though I'm really not sure as I did not read the manga) and it felt like they dragged it out. All the extra tournaments they did. They tell you right in the OP she's gonna die. They drop hints... but it takes 25 episodes to actually happen. It takes the danger away, makes you think she's safe. The movie, which was ~2 hours long, was paced so much better. Even *Death Note*, as controversial as its movie was, had much better pacing than the show, and it had the good sense to end once the Light/L conflict was resolved. For whatever else it did wrong, the pacing was excellent. Shame they didn't do the bus/subway scene, though. But *Erased"s* pacing is perfect, even with the time skip.

Someone said they were going to write a fanfic of Kayo getting a revival where she goes back to stop Satoru from going into the coma. I don't know if they ever wrote it or not, but you might like that. I don't really read fan fiction, but it might give you the sense of closure you didn't get from the show. And it's a compelling idea. As long as Kayo goes back before getting pregnant. It's not fair to ask her to give up her child. But if she hasn't had the child yet, it's fair game. And you can even ship them then, if you say Satoru sustained an injury that made him forget the first timeline, then they're the same age mentally as well as physically, and then it's not a perverted ship. Or if for example saving Kayo destroys the first timeline, and Satoru's memories begin to fade, and in doing so, he begins to fall in love with Kayo. That could work.
Thanks for sharing your experiences — it's really exciting.

One video I watched (not sure if it was one I linked or another) said Google Maps is great for getting around, same as it is here in the US (and I suspect, other countries). Can that be used for the subways? Or maybe there's an app to make it easier? I might be looking at this the wrong way. I've never lived somewhere that had subways. I've visited New York City twice, with a friend who was born and raised in New York and knew the subways like I know the streets I grew up on, so I didn't have to think about it at all. We told him we wanted to see Times Square, for example, or Washington Square Park (where they play chess in Independence Day... I wanted to find some old Jewish chessmaster and be taken to school, but all the tables were empty or taken by two people), and he just knew the way to go like it was nothing.
How long should she have waited?

The way I see it, they all waited for him. Kayo, Kenya, the trap, and the other one or two I forget the names of because they really don't matter that much. So they were all going to the hospital to see him. Because he didn't just save Kayo. He basically saved all of them. He's a hero to all of them, not just Kayo. So no, she's not "thotting around," she took comfort in the arms of a good friend, unsure if their hero would ever awaken. And when he does, it's not like she's going to leave the trap for him. Firstly because they have a child together, and secondly because they're married.

It's easier to explain Satoru: he isn't a pedophile. Airi likes him, but he sees her as just a friend. Even his mom ships them, even though she's underage. But he's not interested in dating a teenage girl. So why would he, with the mind of a 28 year old, fall for a 10 year old? Answer: he wouldn't. Think about it. If you were 28 (or older) and you did what Satoru did, would you see it as an excuse to bang children, or would you still be attracted to adults? Either the latter, or you're a pedophile, not saying it as an insult, but by definition of the word. It's like if you woke up in a girl's body (assuming you're a straight guy), you're still attracted to [other] girls, you don't become attracted to something else because you're in a radically different body.

Of course, nobody has actually done what Satoru did, or Taki for that matter (from *Kimi no Na wa.*, referencing the gender swap), so we can't say for sure what it would be like. But, within the confines of the story, what we're told, Satoru is still very much a grown man in his head, so no way he's thinking that way about a 10 year old girl... especially as it's already been established he is not a pedophile, through his interactions with Airi.
Watched it last October. ;) But thank you!
It depends upon your definition of what makes a person. You're essentially reframing the abortion debate in morbid terms.

However, I do not think a cannibal would eat a person's internal organs. I could be wrong — I am certainly not Hannibal Lecter. I know eating the liver is a thing, and cow stomach is tripe, I believe... but I've never heard of uterus being a dish, though I certainly don't know everything. Generally though, when we eat an animal's meat, we're eating muscle. The fetus wouldn't have enough to consider.
*Boku Dake ga Inai Machi* aka *Erased* and *Kimi no Na wa.* aka *Your name.*

Hey, /u/TheJammy98, /u/_stay_irie_, /u/theblorgeee, /u/Akebouh, /u/Reina48, /u/Sleeppy1337, and anyone else who made a list and found it all on one line — add two spaces to the end of each line and it'll show up properly. Like so:

item 1  
item 2  
item 3  
and so on.

Under my post, click 'source' and highlight it, you'll see exactly how I did it. Hope this helps!
Orange and anohana. Anohana is on go90, which is owned by Verizon, so if you watch it on a Verizon phone, it doesn't count against your data. Whether you use Verizon or not, it's free to watch on their website. Orange is on Funimation Now and I believe it can be watched without an account or with a free account, with ads. (Or on a paid account with no ads.) I'm not sure about other services though.
I've actually been watching videos on how to get by in Japan as a non-native speaker. Life Where I'm From is about a Canadian guy who married a Japanese woman (I believe), they had two kids, and moved to Japan. In their earlier videos, the children (usually the girl) narrates the video, but lately it's been the dad (maybe the girl started school and doesn't have time?). Here's their video about [a first Japan visit, expectations vs reality](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WZg1DP9pkA). Abroad in Japan is a channel by a guy from the UK who lives in Japan now (not sure why, work maybe?) and his whole channel is about acclimating to life in Japan. This video in particular is about [21 things to do when you arrive in Japan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faJM9iQZMbQ). Both of them mention the subway!

I know Japan isn't all anime and video games. They're actually a quiet and reserved people, from what I've seen. 

Anyway, I meant that I'm too old to be learning a new language for funsies. I don't think I'm too old to visit Japan.
Well, it is close to a 50/50 chance, biologically anyway. As far as plot-wise, I can see it going either way.
I felt she went above and beyond her job title when voicing Yuuki Konno from *Sword Art Online*. It's a divisive series, but the last six episodes of season 2, the *Mother's Rosario* arc, is arguably the best of the series. And one aspect that pushed it way over was the teenage girl who talks like an 8-year-old. There's a good reason for that in the show, but spoilers. I mean, especially in the West, some teenage girls do talk like Yuuki, but in Japan, girls Yuuki's age are a bit more mature, held to higher standards. Yet, she talks like a little kid, and when we hear her back story, it then clicks. Of course, a lot of voice actors (particularly women) voice children as well (Mendez voices Kenya in *Boku Dake ga Inai Machi* (*Erased*), for example), so I guess it's not that much of a stretch for an adult voice actor playing a teenager to use a child's voice and slang, but I thought it was an amazing performance.

It's also a reason I prefer dubs. I will watch subs, though I don't like having to give my TV my full attention (can't look away or you miss stuff), but knowing the language spoken means you pick up on things like that. Reading subs and listening in a foreign language, one doesn't tend to pick up on certain nuances in the language, because one doesn't know said language.
Mostly. A few months ago I wrote an outline for this novel I have in my head, and read it to my best friend and wife, and they both thought it sounded cool. I just have to write it... haha. That's not the worst thing, though. I've had *another* novel in my head for the last 25 years, and this one I wrote the outline to is the prequel. Basically, I started with an idea when I was 13, and the villain was evil because "fuck you that's why," and for years, that was good enough for me. When it wasn't, I wrote (in my head) his back story. Basically threw together some weird dreams I had and a couple ideas, strung them together, and gave him a hell of a motive to, as the popular show put it, break bad. I thought about all the cool anti-heroes I'd seen or heard about, and formulated what might be, arguably, one of the greatest. I just gotta write it and do him justice. Any idea could be the best or worst ever, depending on how it's written. Any story you love could have been a failure in less capable, and sometimes less lucky hands, with all story elements remaining the same. From *Gone With the Wind* to *Star Wars*.
Don't torrent. Every torrent client uploads while downloading. The people who send those letters are doing the same thing you are, downloading. And when the download finishes, they delete it and download again. One, to waste torrent resources, but two, and more importantly, to track who they're downloading from.

Fun fact about those letters. So they have a list of everything you downloaded that they caught you with? False. They send you a letter for some of the things you download, and they ask you to pay like $20 per thing. If you click on any of those, they'll know they got a real person and that you're good for it. That's when they sue you for the rest of the shit they have you for. I've seen some of those letters. Don't click on anything. Delete the email and fucking stop torrenting.

If you must torrent, you need a /r/VPN. Hotlinking to the VPN sub. They're better equipped to help you. You need a VPN that doesn't keep logs, though. PIA is one of the most popular ones, and you can pay for it with gift cards. That means they don't know who you are. You give them a gift card code, and they give you a login/pass that's good for however many days. At the end of that term, you give them another gift card, they give you another login/pass. So if they get a letter saying your login did whatever... they don't keep logs so they don't know what your IP is, and they don't have info on you, all they have is the gift card... which they resold on a gift card exchange site. It's doubly a dead end. They don't know who you are. I'm not advocating PIA, they're just a popular choice. There are others.
It's just *Runaway Jury*. No "The."

Fun fact: This movie is based on a book of the same name by John Grisham, in which a cabal of tobacco company executives attempt to strongarm a case through an inside man on the jury. When the film adaptation started coming together, a real-life cabal of tobacco company executives strongarmed the production company into changing the villain from Big Tobacco to Big Guns.

Another fun fact: John Cusack's character's apartment is pretty dull, but he has a poster for an anime called .hack//SIGN. This anime mostly flew under the radar, but its first season was partly remade as the much more popular Sword Art Online (or at least, the first half of SAO's first season is loosely based on it, with many elements seemingly lifted directly from the original series). In other words, if you've seen the first 14 episodes of SAO, you've basically seen .hack//SIGN. More or less. Granted, the poster was probably something they just had lying around... or maybe Cusack himself brought it. It's not known. But it's cool that it's there.
From Kill La Kill. I have a plushie of her. She stands over my Google Home Mini. I like to pretend it's Ryuko and not the generic female voice Google uses when I talk to it. 

Funny thing is, I didn't like Kill La Kill, but I really liked her character. I didn't hate the show, it just didn't click with me and I found it too fan-servicey. 
On Fallout 4's loading screen, you can move, rotate, and zoom in on various 3D models. You can even press a button (reload on consoles, or PC with the controller) to bleach out the model in the HUD colour). I am not convinced there's nothing hidden, so I look every time, try to get into the weird angles. If I were a developer, I'd hide something there. I don't know what, but I'd be the kind of developer who would hide all kinds of shit. Five, six years after the game is out, someone would notice something and then it would be on. One secret would imply dozens more.
Erica Mendez is my favourite voice actor (actress) right now. I re-read the OP and there didn't seem to be a reason for naming a voice actor, but I initially understood it to mean to name your favourite.
Asuna from Sword Art Online. I hope to meet her and ask her to sign a few of my Weiß Schwarz cards. I have a signed Asuna already, but it's just the Japanese voice actress, and she didn't actually sign it, it's a hot stamp (basically the signature is just printed on the card). I'd like to have some of my cards signed in person by the person who did the voice I heard.
Kaneki, of course — from Tokyo Ghoul.

I met Tindle last year. I felt bad, he didn't have anyone at his booth. He's a great guy. If you ever go to a convention he's at and he's doing Raunchy Shakespeare, go — and participate. You'll get acting lessons from Tindle. My wife made him a shirt, so if you ever see him in a bleach-printed Tokyo Ghoul shirt — my wife made that.
I'm generally more pro-consumer here, as a fan of Verizon's network and not an employee (I do not work for them), but Verizon did nothing wrong here. A customer came in, had a problem with their phone, were offered this year's model, customer accepted the upgrade, everyone's happy.

They did have a deal with the iPhone 7, where you could exchange a phone. And they let people with the 6 upgrade. I was really hoping they'd do it with the 8, and go back 2 years (to my 6s) again. That said, I've had my 6s for 2 years now, and I really don't want to trade it up. I like the fixed home button on the 7 and 8, and the new Space Grey of the 8, but functionally my 6s is still running great. So anyway, I can see how they were confused, and maybe thought that deal was back.

But still, Verizon reps are there to make sales. In my experience, phone company reps don't really know much about the phones themselves. I read so much about them, and know the specs — they seem to only care about the phones that will make them a bigger commission. And I guess that's fine. That's their job. That's how they pay the bills every month. You literally can't fault them for it. As long as they give me the phone I want and don't try to upsell me on something I don't need, I'm okay with that. And I think the system, as is, works for most customers. Most customers who just want a phone that works should be offered the iPhone 8. $650 is very reasonable, 64GB is more than enough, iPhones have tons of accessories everywhere, and anyone who doesn't like Apple for any reason should be offered the Galaxy S9. These are both fantastic phones. If someone demands an LG or HTC or Pixel or whatever, and they've done their homework, just process the sale. It doesn't need to take any more time than that because they've already done their homework. You don't need to walk them through it or anything, they already know how to do that. When I got my HTC One M8, they didn't even have them on display (at all). But they had them in the back. Most customers will be fine with Apple and Samsung though.
That's brilliant, but it makes me wonder why the naming trend started with the grandmother. Also, each generation adds one for the first three, and then Yotsuha gets #4 even though she isn't the next generation.

What if she has a son? Should they continue the naming tradition with a boy, or should they name the boy after someone in Taki's family, and wait for a girl for "Itsuha"?
DRM on hard drives? What's that about?

Can the regular Windows copy do the job Teracopy fails at? If so, the problem is with Teracopy. If not... you have bigger fish to fry.

For example, Seagate hard drives are notorious for failing. All drives fail eventually, but Seagate has a reputation for it.

Also, if the drives have ever come in contact with another computer, Windows might not think you are the owner of the files. It's stupid but it happens. The Windows copy prompt would ask you if you want to take ownership of the files first. I'm not sure if Teracopy will or not. I use it, but I've never had it ask. I mean, it's a rare problem that might not even apply to you, especially if they're internal drives.

Another thing is, the files might be locked by a process. For example, if you downloaded a Linux ISO with a torrent client or download manager, even if the file is fully downloaded, a torrent client might be seeding the ISO, and the download manager might be doing something with it. Or you quit the program and it didn't release its hooks in the program.

Another alternative to Teracopy... have you considered a different file manager? I'm not a fan, but there are a handful of file managers that split the screen vertically so you can easily copy folders from one side to the other. Total Commander is one, but I don't think it's free. There are a bunch that cost different amounts.  They would either use Windows' own internal copying mechanism, or, like Teracopy, their own. They tend to include a bunch of little utilities for file management. For people who use them, they're really good.
Well, if the goal is to bring Amiga gaming to a wider audience, the Amiga emulation that is already on the Raspberry Pi in /r/RetroPie and possibly also /r/Recalbox would be a better start, as, while the Super NES Classic isn't exactly rare now, anyone can get a Pi right now, and building a RPi retro gaming setup with two controllers is only a little more expensive than a Super NES Classic, and you can have everything shipped to you in 2 days on Amazon Prime.
In the west, maybe, but one of the top smartphone makers in the world doesn't even sell their phones in America. They're just really big in China. Xiaomi. I don't think they even try to sell phones in the US. They might be able to be imported, but then you can't use them on Verizon, only the GSM networks. Depending on where you live, that might not even be a limitation.

As for the why, maybe the ZTE phone is cheaper? I dunno. I absolutely would not buy a ZTE phone, but what I would or wouldn't do isn't really important, I don't think.
Absolutely not. This is one way to make an anti-hero... and is exactly what I'm doing. Basically, my main character in book 1 has suffered unimaginable losses, and doesn't want to lose anyone else, and becomes a great hero. In book 2, he achieves a means to guarantee he will not lose anyone else, but something threatens that, and before he knows it, he's killing to protect it, and now he's this super villain, and heroes are after him.

Sort of.

I'm also planning on redeeming him, though that's the real hard part. How do you come back from being a mass murderer? Essentially, you have to sacrifice yourself to save another, and that's exactly what he's going to do. Of course, not everyone will forgive him, and if your reader is conflicted, then you've done your job right as a writer.
ITT: Chrome users being downvoted by Firefox fans.

But whatever. I do a lot of typing in my browser, so Chrome is the only browser for me. Firefox uses a static dictionary and doesn't have a good way around that. So all of its speed gains are completely mitigated by the time I spend adding words to the dictionary, and I can't just ignore the red squiggly line. Meanwhile, Chrome just Googles the word. I've misspelled character's names and such, and Google gets it — it knows, in context, what I'm trying to say. I mean I could be typing about an anime, and I'll misspell a name, and it knows exactly how the character's name is spelled. It's scary accurate.

I guess there's a reason Firefox OS failed and Chrome OS is still a thing.
Bragging about using an app that isn't available to most of us, if I had to guess. It's generally considered poor form to boast about using a competing app, though personally I feel that supporting more apps just works out best for everyone. Still, people don't like hearing about it. Doubly so if it's an app they can't get because their phone is *too new*.

I'm fine with the current version of Apollo, too, for what it's worth. I also use Readder. I like to have 2-4 Reddit apps I can go back and forth between, and did on Android. On iOS it's just the two. Might look at Beam again since I heard they stopped hijacking share links, but that was pretty bad and maybe that app should just die. I didn't really like any iOS Reddit apps before Readder and Apollo. If Sync comes over from Android (rumour I heard, might not be anything to it) I'll jump on that, as it was my first choice on that platform.
Do a time capsule then, or something like a journal (e.g. Diaro for Android/iOS). Write down predictions at some milestone (New Year's, or your birthday, or some anniversary) and give yourself a certain amount of time. Or use Gmail (or whatever email) to send yourself a letter a year into the future. I actually did this... got an idea for a cake for my wife, 2 months after her birthday, so I sent it to come back to me 2 weeks before her next one. And it did.

So yes, what you want is a time capsule. What I recommend doing is writing about the things you want to predict, as they are now, and your feelings on them. Then when you open it in the future, reply to it with an answer, about how things are now, how they've changed, and if applicable, how your feelings on them have changed. Obviously change it up a bit for various situations.
Oh, that guy! No, you didn't get the name wrong. I just couldn't remember. Sorry, if I implied you did. I just forgot who Barney was. Yeah, I need to go do that quest again on my current game. I won't use the gun, but I'll throw it in my bin of uniques and legendaries.
Barney? He's... the guy who sells the dog? Or someone else?

If I were playing on PC I could use console commands, but I'm on Xbox (I actually have the game for both).
Dang, that's rough. I don't even like the guy, I just want some level 4 traders. I know where to get Trader Rylee (sp?) but even if I recruit her, half the time she doesn't show up... There really needs to be a mod that makes it so, past a certain level, or as some reward, it can differ per trader, but you should be able to get them all in a single playthrough.
Well, it's not impossible, and it's my understanding as well that NPCs generally can't be liked by anyone but the Survivor.

Doesn't explain how he was looted — there is the bug where the librarian or whomever it is has their clothes unequipped, but they're still in their inventory. Vault-Tec Rep was emptied clean out. Is his outfit unique? I would have sold something called a dirty tan suit or something. Like when cleaning the warehouses for Whitechapel Charlie, I took everything not bolted down (Creation Club backpack FTW!) and sold everything to Daisy.
Not free, but I love Outlook. I pay for Office 365, and for all you get, for Windows 10 being free, I think it's a good value. $70 a year gets me 1TB of OneDrive cloud, and access to the latest MS Office. I'm mainly in it for Word and Excel, but the rest are nice to have, too. The big thing is the OneDrive, and you can't get that much cloud anywhere else for that price, and it's integrated into Windows. I use it as basically an extension of my C drive that is accessible to both of my computers and the web.

Honestly I don't use Outlook though. I have very basic needs, so I just use Gmail. I set up Outlook at home and it's just too much email client for me. They only set it up for basic email at work, and I've spent hours customising it and doing stuff I wouldn't do at home. I'm glad we have it at work instead of some webmail service. I don't really understand people who are big into email, but we are at work and Outlook is awesome.
Nope. These are the people who should have it, or their families should. It's a shame we're taking about this, but it's an even greater shame that they never learned basic human compassion. We're only speaking hypothetically; they are making decisions that are costing lives. So I think it's okay to say we wouldn't care if they had to be in the shoes off the people whose lives they're ruining.
They're not making drugs that are saving lives if the people whose lives need saving can't afford them. 

In any case, they're not even saving lives, just prolonging them. These aren't one and done cures, they're treatments designed to foster lifelong customers. Cures aren't profitable at any cost. Treatments are.
There's another option now. Magic Set Editor with the Weiß Schwarz add-on. Get the card art and translations and simply convert. It would take a while, but maybe a dedicated team can sham it out, and then just make the cards available to all.
Either we're overstating the importance of Google apps, or if we're not, Google's power reaches too far. However, I think it's the former. Bundle Microsoft apps, if that's not a problem (with Microsoft), and slap F-Droid, the free and open source app repository, on it. Android phones don't really need Google per se, Google stuff is just really good and works well together. But an Android phone is like a Windows PC, you can put whatever you want on it.
Invert Y to on. I'll refund a game if it isn't an option. Can't play without it. With a mouse I need the setting off, but with a gamepad I need it on. No idea why but it is what it is.
I've had a few Android phones and it's one thing after another with Bluetooth. The other day I tried to connect my wife's Droid Turbo 2 to my Bluetooth speaker. They were paired. I had to turn Bluetooth off and on, reboot the phone... it would not pair. (Nothing else was connecting to the speaker.) With my iPhone, I just tap it in the settings and it connects. It reminds me of the issues I had with other Android phones. Maybe Pixel does it better, I've never had one. I've used phones by Samsung, Motorola, and HTC (and Apple). Bluetooth has always been a pain in the ass with Android.
Beer contains alcohol, which is a drug.
Two days ago, two friends with Android phones had to reboot them. One had literally just got his new Moto G5 within the hour (he had just ordered it). The other had a Galaxy S9+ he'd had for about two weeks.

I only reboot my iPhone 6s when it gets updates and you have to. Which is like once every month or two.

Of course it's all anecdotal.

But look... when flashing custom ROMs, wiping data and cache (e.g. factory reset) was the norm. Because you changed /system enough to where that was just best practice. OS updates OTA don't require that... but when Android starts to lag, factory reset is one of the first suggestions people offer. And it's a good one, for reasons that are immediately apparent to the custom firmware crowd. 
Now you're projecting. And proving my point — you need this. I get you, though. You liked the first two Fallouts, and/or New Vegas, or maybe a different series like Witcher, and you can't stand the positive attention Fallout 4 gets. So you lash out at anyone who makes good points as to why it's good, hoping you can scare them away. You're just a bully, and just as pathetic.

Keep replying if you like; I'm done with you.
Sadly there's no perfect phone. Going from iOS to (any) Android, you lose 3 years of support (2 vs 5) and generally, you lose Bluetooth that works right, you lose quality hardware, though I suppose that's debatable... and you have to factory reset every year, and reboot all the time... but you gain customizability, and a lot of options. Like the ability to run emulators and download torrents, and use different launchers. Some apps are better on Android, and some games come out first on iOS.

(I've used both. I generally prefer iOS because it's easier, as long as you're willing to work within Apple's narrow vision... if you're not, and especially if you can afford a new phone every year or two... Just get the latest Galaxy S.)
And there you are again. What would you call constantly badgering someone? It seems like you really need this. Are you feeling powerful? Or are you still just as empty as you were before? I'm betting it's the latter. If you want to feel better by interacting with others, try being helpful for a change.
My what isn't obligated to reply? And I did copy paste, the link to everyone's replies. To simply link mine would have been biased and short-sighted. Instead I linked everyone. If I am not obligated to reply, why are you obligated to harass me? Does it make you feel better?
So you think everyone should just type out the same responses twice a day? We at least need to know why the other topic was unhelpful before we can begin to do that. Leaving that information, I simply linked to the other topic so those answers could be easily read. Not sure where your condition is coming from, but only one of us is actually salty here, as I understand the term.
No iPhone does. That's the point.
Agreed... and I like SAO. But Evangelion is a classic.
I think we need to define addictive. Is it something you want to do again or something that causes discomfort or injury when stopped? The latter, to me, is what addiction is, especially in the perjorative sense originally stated above. Marijuana users don't suffer from withdrawal symptoms when they stop like caffeine and even sugar/carb users do. But if you mean it's addictive in the casual sense that, say, reading and watching TV are, then yeah, sure, but we can't use the perjorative sense as well.

Easy to quit does not addictive mean.
The SE. iPhones don't have memory card slots, so 32GB means that's all that phone will ever hold. I wouldn't consider a phone without a memory card slot unless it had at least 128GB. Even 64GB isn't enough if you can't add more.
I'm 38 and I watch anime. I collect Blu-rays, and play Weiß Schwarz, the anime card game. I only run SAO, but SAO is probably the biggest set. I run two decks but I want to collect all the cards. Anyway, I like anime for the original stories. Western media feels so recycled.
*Far Harbor* was excellent, except for the memory puzzles. However, while the first couple were easy, the third was okay, and the fourth was a little tricky... you do not have to do the fifth one. Simply leave. The fourth one satisfies the requirement. The fifth one only gets you a unique suit of armour. It's good, but when you look at puzzle #5 and think "fuck this shit," I will have a hard time convincing you that the armour is worth it. (Now, if you love the puzzles, maybe you will enjoy doing it.)

*Nuka-World* is complete shit with a lot of flaws, but it's a cool area... with a lot of flaws (e.g. enemies don't respawn, except maybe the Gunners). But you'll want it for the assets and the settlement building stuff.

Just get the GOTY Edition and all the content at once. But if you have to choose, *Far Harbor* is the best of the *Fallout 4* DLC, and *Nuka-World* is right at the bottom.
Was your question not answered by [the other recent topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/ShouldIbuythisgame/comments/8ddean/should_i_buy_fallout_4/)? I mean, I wrote a long reply there and I'm not going to rewrite it. Maybe in a couple weeks I'd rehash it, but mere hours later? Nah, go read it and the other replies from others. I don't even think it was a full 24 hours ago?
We need a list of popular (?) anime characters by birthday, so the rest of us can see who we share a birthday with. Birthday buddies are cool. I'd love to share a birthday with Kirito, since we both met our wives online, but I'm happy sharing a birthday with Stephen King. I would love to imagine that some small part of Gun Gale Online is inspired by his gunslinger, Roland Deschain, but I highly doubt it (it's basically VR Call of Duty). But, one can hope! Just like one can hope that, after the shit adaptation of his Dark Tower books, we'll get a Dark Tower anime that properly adapts his books.
You're technically correct, which is the best kind of correctness. THC is a drug, but when marijuana advocates say it isn't a drug, they think they're saying it's not a man-made drug. But that doesn't make it not a drug.

I don't think marijuana is addictive though. It just has a cult like following. I think it'll hugely normalise when prohibition ends in America and it becomes just a normal thing like beer.
It's all made up at some point. And it reflects the middle of the time. Consider Christianity's Ten Commandments. Why aren't rape and child abuse covered? Well, they kind of are. Women and children were considered property, and the Commandments include stealing and coveting, which technically do cover the property that are another man's woman or child. Now look at Satanism and its Eleven Rules of the Earth. One expressly says do not harm children. Another says not to pursue sex with one who doesn't want it ("hasn't given the mating signal"). Scripture written 70 years ago vs 2,000 years ago, or so. (Also, Satanism isn't meant to be a real religion, I believe it's a sort of parody?)
I didn't know either, until after. Going back and listening to the messages on YouTube (they play after you capture a base), it's totally him.

As for *Fallout 4*, for all its faults (and most of them are legitimate, if subjective), it's a good game, especially for what you got it for. For what I paid for it, it's a bit more of a stretch to justify ($130 for the Pip-boy edition on PC, $30 for the season pass on PC, $55 for the base game plus season pass on Xbox, and $15 in Creation Club paid mods puts me at $230 for the game) but that's still less than $2/hour it's entertained me.

There are a few hidden caches around the game that will help you out. If you just go straight through and don't explore, it's not that hard, but if you break off the beaten path, you can find some cool stuff. Stop reading now if you don't want any spoilers.

Once you leave the Vault, head back to where you started. In the house with the tree fallen on it, walk up the tree (takes a few tries). There's some goodies on the roof. Behind that house or the next one up, there's a root cellar with some good loot. When you're heading into Concord to get help, just past the bridge, by the statue, there's a loot bag. Then, follow the river north on the east side until you come to a pump. Open it and turn it off (on?). Follow the hose up to another circuit breaker box. Open it and some caps fall out. There's some ammo, a better gun (but only 5 shots for now...), and some chems. Backtrack... or fight the raiders at the nearby camp to the northeast. Back at the gas station, around back there's a cave with a fusion core, that will make the Concord mission a little easier. Also, outside said cave, you should see a water tower to the, I guess southeast? Can't miss it. There's some healing stuff at the base. Not a huge spoiler. None of that stuff will change your game too much, it just helps out as you're starting out. And there's a lot of loot just scattered around. That's just the stuff I grab on the first playthrough. And don't be afraid to grab dirty water, the rads aren't that bad (RadAway, which removes them, is common enough), and 3 dirty waters makes 1 pure water at any cooking station.
Even when English voice acting isn't as good, I feel like it gets an advantage by being understandable. The Japanese voice cast can be phenomenal, but they lose points with me because I can't understand them. I love Japanese as a language, but I can't understand it and that is a hindrance. Also, at 38, I'm not really willing to learn it, aside from a few phrases. I would love to travel to Japan someday, and know enough to get by. But I will likely never be a scholar in Japanese language.

Also, I've spoken to a few English voice actors on Twitter, and some of them are very good at interacting with their fans. Austin Tindle is one of my wife's favourites, and he's very good with his fans. We both met him in person last year. He's a really great guy. If you ever see him at a convention, look up his panel 'Raunchy Shakespeare,' and whatever you do, **participate**. Even if you suck at acting. He will coach you — free acting lessons from Ken Kaneki ain't bad! Or Accelerator, or Karma, or many others. Awesome dude. My favourite right now is Erica Mendez (Yuuki from SAO, Ryuko from Kill la Kill, Gon from HxH, Kenya from Erased). I like her voice, and she's a nice person on Twitter (@tsunderica I believe her handle is).
I hear this a lot. You should watch .hack//SIGN, an anime from a decade before SAO. SAO got a lot of pointers from it, but the end of the Aincrad arc is when Kawahara started using more of his own ideas.

Note that SAO fans generally reject the notion that Kawahara took any influence from .hack. They point out that Kawahara had most of his ideas before. In any case, they're very similar, and if you're looking for a deeper story that focuses more on what you call the Aincrad arc (the right word for it, I mean), maybe you will like .hack//SIGN.

SAO is based on over a dozen light novels, only 9 or 10 of which have been adapted into anime, in five arcs across two seasons. The movie Ordinal Scale was not based on the books, as far as I know. There's a new arc that is spanning several books called Alicization, and it's what the next season, "SAO 3," will be based on. The currently airing SAO is SAO Alternate: Gun Gale Online. It's all-new characters playing in the game from the third arc, in the first half of the second season. So the only connection to regular SAO is the fact that it's about people playing an online game, so it's SAO in name only, for better or worse.

That said, I think SAO got better after Kawahara unlatched his lips from .hack's tit. A lot of people didn't like Fairy Dance, but I did. Gun Gale Online was pretty good. Excalibur (the really short arc) was shit. But Mother's Rosario, the final arc, was the best of SAO to date.

Each arc (except for Excalibur, which again, is shit), is about how someone else is better than Kirito, the veteran gamer. In Aincrad, Asuna is better than he is at swords (until he gets dual wielding, but they're a couple by then). In Fairy Dance, Leafa is better than he is at magic. In GGO, Sinon is better than he is at guns. Mother's Rosario actually features Asuna as the main character, not Kirito, and Yuuki is better at swords than Asuna. I mean, people bitch about the main character being OP AF and I just don't see it that way. Eh, such is the life when you're a fan of an anime that anime fans almost universally consider trash. 
CTRL+F "lambert," 0/0... okay.

1950s Disney short, "Lambert the Sheepish Lion." Generally had a dark tone when I first saw it as a child.

[You can watch it on YouTube.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4Ijr3ClZN0)
Yes, you're talking about legality vs morality; while rape laws are generally slanted to favour women, when people discuss rape online, generally they're speaking morally, in which case sexist laws that say rape isn't rape in such-and-such scenario, is not considered a lesser offence, for the sake of said discussion.
If you've made it in entertainment, you can't count for shit. I remember when GTA Vice City and San Andreas were colloquially GTA 4 and 5, and then when "GTA IV" came out, it was confusing. Sort of.

I thought S;G 0 was going to be a prequel, but I don't really know.
Sorry — those details are important! Two players are big into RPing and they are very good at character acting. I think we all like combat. They do because they build optimised characters and can do a lot of damage. And who doesn't like to roll the bones? For the dungeon part I'm thinking a lot of rolls — traps are so under-utilised in our regular game, and combat is always fun. None of us really appreciate exploration much (and we talked about this, there are few ways to make exploration truly fun).

For last night's one-shot, we all rolled up level 7 characters. I like level 3, since with most classes that's when you first get to customise your subclass, though some get it sooner. Do any get it later? We all play with max HP, so I'm leaning toward the lower levels. Also hinders min/maxing and metagaming if the character hasn't reached as many of the cool class perks.

But my goal is to be a better DM, so even if I don't do well, they'll give me good criticism and tips to improve. We're all friends and it's pretty casual, but they have experience I can learn from.
I don't really think he's trolling, I think he's just young and inexperienced. We've all been there. It's probably okay to just downvote and move on, but sometimes I like to try to help. /shrug
Steins;Gate 0. I'm waiting for it to come out in English. I don't mind subs, but anime is huge now and all the best stuff gets an English language version eventually, and that's given me a huge backlog. So I can wait. I mean, I started watching the new SAO in Japanese, and it's fine. It's also all new people (not Kirito, Asuna, and the others), so it's not voices I'm used to in English already.
Found on one of those "random Imgur" sites that loaded up images by randomly generating Imgur URLs and posting the ones that stuck. So I saw this picture of this girl leaning up against a wall, kind of looking down at you, and her hair was draped over one eye so you could only see the one eye. And she was looking back over her left shoulder. I thought it was creepy AF, but every guy I showed it to just thought it was a seductive glare. And I suppose it was. Funny thing is, I can't remember what, if anything, she was wearing. She could have been nude and it could have been porn (all you'd see is left sideboob, and butt), or she could have been fully dressed. I just remember the creepy gaze. I've seen a bunch of pictures of similar creepily seductive gaze, but I'd like to see that first one again. Maybe even use it as a lock screen (if she's not nude, anyway, I don't really save porn, which leads me to believe she *was* nude, otherwise I woulda saved it to my scary folder).

I'd legit gild a post if someone posted it, but I'm not asking for porn on /r/AskReddit. And there are so many similarities I'm not sending someone on a wild goose chase. Plus, there's how I remember it making me feel... vs how I would actually feel upon seeing it again, that the temptation would be present, at least a non-zero amount, to say "nah that's not it" and then ghost the expedition entirely — just being honest. But that's my story, and now I dig scary/ghastly poses, so that's kinda cool.
John Titor came out as a hoax. It was some lawyer in Florida.

Anyway, if you like John Titor, if you don't dislike anime, check out Steins;Gate. It's about time travel and ends up involving the John Titor hoax in a respectable way.
I once saw a trailer for one of the .hack//SIGN OVAs — if you've seen the anime Sword Art Online, it's basically the inspiration for that, people trapped in an online game, etc. — but used the audio for the Fear Dot Com movie trailer. So... kind of a reverse trailer edit, sort of. And it fit.
I suppose you mean 'you' as in girls. I'm a guy rapidly approaching 40, and I'm about a 4/10 and that may be a bit generous. Even if I'm your type regardless, if you have a dick at all, you aren't mine. But I get your meaning. Actually, if a person jerks your dick while you sleep, it can be made hard enough to penetrate (an asshole or a vagina) while you sleep, though you'd probably wake up, unless you were drugged.

I didn't want to assume you were young and inexperienced, though I recognised my own attitude from when *I* was young and inexperienced — "you can't rape the willing" is your motto here, am I right? — so, in that case, what if she's unattractive? Is it still all good then? What if she's, say, overweight, twice your age, maybe a race you're not attracted to? And then she gets pregnant, and expects you to give up half your paycheck to support your offspring. Is that still all good?
PS4 really eats ass for modding. You should know that going in. Sony initially agreed to allow modding, and then went back on their word. Now they allow mods that use assets in the game, but no custom assets, and no scripts. There are some good mods on PS4 (follow norespawns on YouTube; he's one of the best settlement builders out there, and he's a PS4 player, though he now plays on PC as well and is making mods, though all his mods will be PS4 friendly) but some of the best mods will never come to PS4.

If you're okay with that, I'd say absolutely for $20 or less. The DLC is not great, but you'll need it for some mods, I think. (Not sure how that works on PS4.) Well, Far Harbor was decent, but the rest were not so much. Most of them just added to settlement building mode, which apparently to Bethesda is more important than gameplay.

There are also paid mods, which bypass the vanilla assets rule (they're treated as DLC). Also, mods disable trophies, but paid mods do not. For that reason I recommend the backpack, as it can get carry weight up. It's a low level cheat you can pay for, and it's so worth it. The rest I'd take or leave, though the settlement building stuff is high quality (especially the donut shop pack as it adds brick walls and doors that close behind you, and donuts and coffee/tea recipes that are actually good).

As for the game itself... it's a fun post-apocalyptic shooter like Borderlands, with some light RPG mechanics (think Deus Ex series). People saying it's an RPG are wrong, but so are people saying it's not. It's a shooter with RPG mechanics... again, just like Deus Ex. Except DX is more of a stealth series, and while Fallout has stealth, it's not a focus.

A lot of people are shitting on the story, but it's pretty good the first time. Lots of twists you won't see coming. Part of the story features clones called synths, and you'll never guess who's a synth and who isn't. Finding out that this person was or that person was was a surprise, and there are more. Yeah, once you've played it it's kinda same-y, and if you played Fallout 3, one of the twists also feels same-y (the big one about halfway through), but I was still shocked, and I'm a huge Fallout 3 fan. I'm also a huge Bethesda fan, so I'm a bit biased.

I've also played Just Cause 3 — did you know the guy on the radio is David Tennant, from Doctor Who (Tenth Doctor)? He's actually playing himself. After you liberate a few bases, he talks about how the regime is kidnapping celebrities. The implication is that he's one as well. Anyway, Fallout 4 isn't quite as liberating as JC3, but it's overall a better game. Not as easy to get around in, though. Mobility has always been the JC franchise's strong suit. As for Black Ops 3, I haven't played it, but I played Modern Warfare, MW2, Black Ops 1... I'm not a CoD fan, but my wife used to be. Those games are just okay in my book, for the shooting mechanics. Fallout 3 is better. You can carry more guns, and they're more varied, but unlike CoD, they're not based on real guns (except for the Deliverer, which is James Bond's gun). And some have 'magical' "Legendary" effects. So like, my sniper rifle never needs to be reloaded, ever. My combat rifle fires 2 bullets at once (the second magically provided by the game), so it's basically double damage. My machine gun's bullets explode on contact. My shotgun does more damage but has worse recoil. The last three are fixed items in the game (Overseer's Guardian, Spray n' Pray, and Le Fusil Terribles, respectively), so YOU can get them if you know where to look, but my sniper rifle was a random drop, and you can get the "never ending" effect on any gun (I've had it on a pistol before). Reportedly the gun play in Fallout 4 is directly from id Software (makers of DOOM and Quake), which Bethesda now owns, and it feels like it.

When you want to take a break from shooting people, zombies (called ghouls here), and Incredible Hulk rejects (Super mutants), you can build crappy houses for poor people and put them to work in settlement mode. I think there are about 40 settlements total with all the DLC? Not sure, but it's 35-40. Lots of variety. You can build structures of all kinds, add furniture and decorations, and give your settlers jobs — it's basically like The Sims in that way, but with less control and customisation. I love shooting stuff, but I cannot resist building up my trade empire, and keeping my settlers comfortable.

Fallout 4 is my currently played game, and I have over 500 hours in it between PC and Xbox One. (I specifically bought it on XB1 because my wife is on the computer a lot. Unfortunately saves don't transfer, but then again, we get so much better mods on PC... my Fallout 4 is such a different game on PC.)
I joined the beta, and left it a couple days later. I don't care for it. Everything's still working fine on my end (RES, dark mode) and Reddit hasn't forced me into the new look.

Reddit did not learn from Digg's downfall. Unfortunately the Reddit alternatives (Voat and Raddle) are not looking too good. The former's run by the alt right and the latter, by the alt left. Fine if you subscribe to extreme politics on either side, but for the rest of us, they're best kept at arm's length.
And anyone can use Hiya on both Android and iOS, which is free regardless of your carrier. And there are a couple others that do the same thing.
Yeah, we've all been waiting years on Skywind. Last I heard they expect a release this year, but I'm not holding my breath. All my best to the team, but I doubt they're anywhere near done.
> what is rape?

The carnal (sexual) knowledge of another person without their consent and against their will. Yes, men can be raped without being penetrated (which is outside the abstract, if not legal definition) if the sex they had was without their consent and against their will.
Thanks! I got a bunch of cool stuff for $15.
It's five pages, just go page by page.
Nah. I keep weird schedules. A decent texting app will show the time (which may or may not add to your problem — iMessage on iPhones tends to *hide* the time sent/received for some reason) so at least they can see when it was sent. Like for me I typically sleep days, so if someone texts me during the day, which I've assured people is perfectly fine, I may text back several hours later, or in the middle of the night. iPhones have a lovely switch on the side, above the volume buttons, you can flip down when you go to bed, and all sounds (except your alarm) are silenced. And maybe media you choose to play? (I've been an iPhone user for two years and I don't know all the rules, LOL.) Android has a similar feature, Do Not Disturb, though iOS has that as well, so it's not quite the same. Anyway, if you have a modern smartphone, you can have texts and calls not disturb you while you sleep. That is a problem that we solved, and not recently, either.

And I'm socially awkward... but not that awkward.
That's between the Steins;Gate fanbase and the S;G writers. Anyone calling it a harem is not wrong. Same thing with Sword Art Online. Kirito is absolutely monogamous, but he's surrounded by beautiful girls. Klein doesn't matter because no one cares about Klein (literally), and Agil is married (and even less of a main character than Klein). And yet, SAO is absolutely a harem, though some of the more dedicated fans will "literally fite" (sic) you over that.
So is Ouran, but the chart doesn't differentiate.
Sorry for your loss. Congrats on the personal reply. As a nerd, I'm glad he knows how to make an em dash, though it's considerably easier on a Mac than on a PC (where you hold ALT and 0151 on the NumPad — yeah, I use them regularly). Not to mention iOS (or Android) where it's just a matter of long-pressing the dash/hyphen.

Also as a nerd, Live Photos bug me. They're not live photos, they're video clips. They bug me because they're pretending to be something they aren't. HTC has a similar feature, called Zoe, and the clips are called Zoes, referencing zoetropes (those old things you spun with multiple photos inside so it gave the illusion of animation when you looked in a slit on the outside). Zoes, however, don't have sound (as far as I know, it's been a while), though I think you can add sound to them in the Zoe app. So I think Zoes are more honest about what they are than live photos. Now, that being said, your serendipitous not knowing that Live Photos have sound led to an amazing moment.

Someone else said back up your live photos. Of course the Apple solution iCloud is a fine way to do that, and the $2/month 50GB plan isn't bad after the free 5GB runs out (and it goes fast)... but Google Photos will do it for free, and it can even play the live photos on the web and in the app. Along with Google Maps, it's one of the most useful apps on my iPhone.
I can buy it if I want to. No, what I meant was I can't get into manga, or comic books. Tried many times. I just don't like the format. Tried comic books when I was a kid. Marvel, DC etc. Tried graphic novels like *The Walking Dead*. And tried some manga. Right to left does not bother me. I can't explain it. It is wholly a fault with myself, nothing more or less.
Gotcha. I meant to add that I did not understand the meme. Humour is not my strong suit.
SIB, as a fan of Fallout (3/NV/4), Elder Scrolls (Oblivon/Skyrim)? I like games that aren't too challenging. Like, Dark Souls is straight out. For a more similar title, I like the Deus Ex games. Haven't played Mankind Divided yet, but I loved the first one, second one was alright, and I mostly loved Human Revolution.
Did you really watch it on repeat for 24 hours?

Heh... I once settled an upset toddler who wanted to watch the Jim Carrey *Grinch* movie on repeat... she watched it once, and then I carried her, screaming and crying, into my bedroom, and put it on on the computer. As soon as the movie started, she shut right up. Maybe 3 years old, 4 tops. I was a bit worried about a toddler in my room alone, with access to my computer, but she literally stayed in the same spot the whole time. I think she watched the movie at least 3 more times. So that's maybe six hours, assuming it was a 90 minute movie (usually the sweet spot for movies aimed at small children), and adding the time she watched it in the living room. You're talking about *four times that*.

If there were one movie I had to watch for 24 hours non-stop, it would probably be *Kimi no Na wa* as it is my favourite film, but I'd be afraid of hating it afterward. I'd much rather watch 24 hours of *Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood*, as I think it would be right about 24 hours, maybe a little less? 63 episodes... so like 21 hours? And then the first 9 episodes again. So stopping right before the "terrible day for rain," but I'd get Nina twice, so that's sad (not really, not anymore, Nina jokes have been done to death).
I only have the first two... I can't get into manga to save my life. No idea why I bought the second one, except, I want to own all of them at some point. Anyone know how many there are going to be?

I'm sure I'll read them eventually. *Boku Dake ga Inai Machi* remains my favourite anime series. I've loved time travel stories ever since *Back to the Future* (which I saw in theaters when it first came out), I love how it's 12 episodes and done, and I feel the story wraps up perfectly. I also love the Netflix live-action series.
I've seen this topic get posted more than I've seen comments **with a positive Karma score** telling people to break up for reasons as flimsy as given. While down voting isn't necessarily for disagreements, per se, it should be used for objectively poor advice, I think. Also, the final decision rests with OP. It's up to them to decide.
Disabled. I'll absolutely enable it on mine, and I suspect many others will as well, but I feel you'll make Reddit and Apollo both worse by having this enabled by default.
I've heard that before. And I'm certainly don't they're not, I just couldn't get into them.
*Eureka* was pretty big, but mostly forgettable. Wil Wheaton and Felicia Day were the highlights.
Ha... *Dollhouse*... I've seen all but two episodes. The two flash-forward future episodes that don't have to do with anything but maybe each other.

For anyone who doesn't know... the show was about girls who could be programmed (?) as basically escorts, but with a more sci-fi twist, and some of them became self-aware or something (?) (it's been years), and each of its two seasons ended with an episode in the future that was completely unnecessary. I tried to watch the first one, but it was boring, so I just skipped to the second season, and then skipped the second season's one.
**Yes**, *The Lost Room* was amazing.
*Sliders* was hugely popular when it was airing. At least in the first season. And widely advertised. You'd have to reach pretty low (in age) to find people who don't remember it, I think (or maybe I'm just old). Was it that long ago?
I watched it. It was interesting... and better than it should have been. Yes, it only had one season. It seemed to have gotten lost in the shuffle of supernatural TV shows. Two puns, unintended (*LOST* and *Supernatural*), but I'll take 'em.
I generally don't care, but I think I bitched about a repost in the last 24 hours, so I can't really just say that without qualifying it. It was a "what would you do" kind of thread and my answer was "repost it just as soon as everyone's forgotten" kind of answer. So, in jest. Because it's a common repost. I don't really care about Karma farming. Some people do it, and a lot of them are doing it to sell their accounts to spammers, and then sometimes we see the spam... it's just a cycle, got nothing to do with me. /shrug

Maybe one day Reddit leadership will figure out a way to make reposting "unprofitable." If all the Karma from a repost just flows to the original post, all reposts will be honest mistakes from then on out, those who are farming will have to change up. And then they'll either try to bypass the system, or they'll do something else. Can't really do much about it.
Anime and manga aren't genres, they're mediums. You may be referring to the *shounen* genre of anime and manga, which is an all-encompassing term for anime and manga written to appeal to young men, and is a general catch-all for action/adventure. Plenty of American shows would fall under the shounen genre, such as *The Walking Dead* and *Supernatural*. (Or you could have meant *medium* instead of *genre*.)

> I don't care that it's anime. It's just a damn good show.

This is generally my attitude towards anime and live action shows. I don't care what the medium is as long as it's on TV. I haven't been much of a reader in the last decade or so, as I was when I was younger. If I can watch it though, I don't differentiate much between animation and live action, as long as it appeals to me.
Maybe. My wife says I look like Shrek.
I don't wanna stick out my tongue because I don't want the kid to repeat it. They generally will repeat anything you do, if they can. And I don't want to be seen as a bad influence.
> I’d say it’s not so much xenophobia as much as it is fear of an English version

That's what xenophobia is, fear of foreign.

If they cared about the popularity of the original, they'd make the original more easily accessible. There are people out there who, like me, would buy so much anime music at the 99¢/$1.29 per song price point iTunes and Google Music have established, but they want more like $10/song (expensive CD singles and expensive import rates). So of course the covers will overtake the originals, they cost less. But it's 100% in their court to change that. They already license the song to use in the anime. Their contract should include putting the soundtrack up on iTunes and Google Music and the others so people can buy them. And marketing this to anime fans, who will eat it up, guaranteed.
I think she just doesn't want to be a bother to strangers, or have me be a bother. We're both socially awkward nerds, more or less.
I've never felt an apology is warranted, but if a parent follows their kid's gaze and spots me, I'll politely wave. 
I'm glad to hear that. Is that where they're from, or just where you are?
Love her work. I wish they'd use her and others like her for dub openings and endings, if only because she'd put it on Spotify and the other services. There's an increasing demand for anime music, and it really isn't being met. Part of that is due to xenophobic Japanese businesses muddling up licensing. It's changing, but these changes, to getting more anime music legally streamed outside Japan, can't come fast enough. (I mean originals, not covers, but increased demand for the latter will show the suits we're interested in the former.) (I'm even okay paying for the songs outright if they don't like Spotify's terms, but let us but the songs on Google Play and iTunes as opposed to paying $30 to import a CD single from CD Japan.)
Doesn't YouTube let uploaders subtitle their videos manually? I bet there are a lot of people who would love to transcribe MKBHD's videos who are more qualified than I am, but I do enjoy transcribing. I use Aegisub, but I played with YouTube's system a few years ago and it's basically similar. Probably better now. Someone who has his script (assuming he uses one and mostly sticks to it) would have an easier time. Transcribing by ear requires more guess work, though more so with less articulate speakers.
This post makes me want to get the Carrot app, but it's $5 up front and a subscription... shenanigans like that keep me on the free iOS weather app.

Do weather app devs have to pay annually for access to the weather data or something? Seems like a few weather apps are subscription based. And I don't wanna knock a good app, it just seems excessive.
Maybe charmed isn't the right word... amused?
Brio tracks. I have a box in the closet. I hope to give them to my child someday. Do they still make them? I remember seeing play sets on display in KB Toys way back when, but my folks got me my set in the late 70s or early 80s.
Repost this just as soon as everyone forgot about it.
They absolutely play or organise content based on what they pay! They keep taking songs out of my playlist and replacing them with the same song but from a greatest hits, soundtrack, or other compilation. I really don't care that much as long as it is the same song, especially as most of the time I don't look at it, but it's interesting to note. Last night it was *Kiss Me* by Sixpence None the Richer. Apparently it was on the *How to Lose a Guy in Ten Days* soundtrack. I added it from the album, but apparently it's cheaper for Spotify to play it from the soundtrack instead. Or they lost the rights to the album and did me a solid by finding an alternate version. Either way, I don't mind, but it does stink for the artist or band, if they're being cheated — but it's not our place, as customers, to care about the business end. That's between Spotify and the labels, who I'm sure aren't oblivious to what's going on.
That sort of makes sense, but what about the first timeline, where Kayo died, his mother made him forget, and then he jumped back? Just a dream or something?
Yeah, fun fact, I've had complaints about the shuffle. Then I deleted my account, made a new one, because my old one was tied to Facebook. They moved all my playlists over. Now shuffle seems to work differently. I can't say it's better, but it's different. I'm getting songs that have never come up on shuffle before. It's too soon to tell if it's better or not, though.
Draw two parallel lines, label them Mitsuha and Taki. Now draw a diagonal line from Taki being 17 in 2016 to Mitsuha being 17 in 2013. That's the body swapping. You're asking what Taki is doing at the time directly under (or above) where the diagonal line meets Mitsuha's timeline? Like /u/ziggyzack1234 said, he's just doing whatever he did, under no influence from Mitsuha.

It's funny, Taki is the catalyst in this story, he's the one with the power to change, so we might be tempted to think he's the main character. He isn't. Well, they both are, to be fair, but the story is about Mitsuha. Her family, her family's history with the comet, her town, the comet that destroys her town, and her love. And her sister, and her grandmother. Notice we know almost nothing about Taki's relationship with his father? His relationship with his friends (and Okudera) are defined at least partly by Mitsuha's relationships with them. So basically, what Taki is doing without Mitsuha doesn't really matter all that much, to the story.
Sounds good to me! I can't think of anyone but Agil to beat on some drums.
So if the crew are playing *Rockband* and Sinon's got bass, who's on guitar, drums, and vocals?
Only if it's in another language and I haven't ordered it a bunch before. Like Spanish. My Spanish is at least passable, but I'm afraid of being offensive by not doing my best to say the name of the dish correctly.

The dream is to speak Spanish 100% at the restaurant, but the problem with that is, not everyone who works there actually knows Spanish, even the Hispanic employees. Though I think they all know some, if only because they pick it up from the others. I worked for Taco Bell briefly, and the Mexican dudes taught me some Spanish. Anyway, when getting the guacamole, and they ask if you want it spicy, just saying yes won't get you spicy. If you say *muy picante* however, that you can say *very spicy* in Spanish tells them that yes you want it spicy and you know what you're talking about. Also, I needed to say *excuse me* to the guy doing the guac (for another table) and *com permiso* just came out. So I'm getting there. I've always heard people whose first language isn't English are charmed by Americans using their language, and in my experience, as long as you're not being a jerk about it, that's true.
Did you use Magic Set Editor to make these or something else? Awesome set.
No. I'm an Atheist, and I generally don't mind religious people. I think of religion as a framework for how to be. I never felt I needed one, but I see the structure it provides others, and I'm okay with that, as long as that's all it is.

My biggest problem with religions and, more specifically, gods, is that if I'm walking down the street and I see a grown man raping a child, I'm a bad person if I ignore it. I'm expected to put my safety on the line to help that child. And I absolutely would do that because I like kids and I couldn't stand to sit idly by and watch one get hurt. I think most of us would have the courage to intervene, as well as the common decency. But religion (Christianity) tells us that God is all seeing, all knowing, and all powerful, and yet he chooses not to act. God has no risk to his own personal safety in stopping a rape, so why doesn't he? It seems to me either he isn't all seeing/knowing, he isn't all powerful, he isn't good, or he doesn't exist. Christians want to say he is all four, but the evidence doesn't support that. "Have faith" that the world would work out better if we who have the power sit idly by and watch bad things happen to good people? No thanks. As long as we have free will, it's my belief that we should do what we can do make things better.
Not necessarily. Bethesda RPGs are meant to be fun and easy and make you feel powerful. But, they aren't very challenging. Witcher games on the other hand are meant to make you work for it a lot more. I'd say if you were complacent in Skyrim, you probably won't like TW3, but if Skyrim made you want more, you might find that in TW3. If you liked the medieval fantasy setting of Skyrim and want more of that, you might like TW3. But they aren't much alike.
This is true. Now that you mention it, I actually did do it a second time in which one had extra credits in the beginning, so I just offset the English audio track. I think the opening credit screens were silent anyway, but I don't much care if they had a sound effect or not. I got what I wanted.

There's also the issue of framerate, I think, so yes, I did get lucky.
[MKVToolNix](https://mkvtoolnix.download/) is generally the go-to for MKV files. You can take out or add in additional audio and subtitle tracks. You can even use it to add DVD covers to movies.

It won't convert the audio files, but if you can do that on your own, it can add the audio files back in.

I had an MKV of a 1080p movie in Japanese and an MKV of the same movie in 480p in English, and it was piss easy to add the audio from the 480p version into the 1080p one. Bam, dual audio movie in 1080p.
I don't know what to tell ya, then. I guess that's the magic of a good story, it can mean different things to different people. I've been an adult around kids who think of me as one of them and I've never felt romantically attached to any of them. And I feel like Satoru still feels like an adult.

For me it's like an analogy to an adult who is a (big) kid at heart and is accepted by a group of kids to the point where he's able to help one of them when she needs it most. Not only does he save her life (which she may never have known), he stopped her abuse, which is what really meant something to her, I think.

I don't think you're full of it. I can kind of see where you're coming. 
Biologically, no it isn't. A 16 year old girl is basically fully developed and therefore has the characteristics a straight male is attracted to.

Now, that being said, the society in which we all choose to live in and benefit from living in, says that at 16 a girl is still a child, so ethically it would be wrong to act upon it. Ethically, there's nothing wrong with attraction as long as said attraction remains in your head.
OP didn't take this picture, they cross-posted it for Karma and probably will not answer your question. From the original post:

> Huawei Mate pro 10. The camera App has an AI feature. It recognize what you are looking at, and change the settings accordingly.
Educated and tech savvy smartphone fan here. Had Android for six years. Four phones. Each one had different problems. Two years ago this month, I forced myself to get an iPhone. It was crazy, but I told myself, I have 14 days to return it. 2 years later the phone (128GB 6s) is just as good as it was when I got it. No, it's not as customisable as Android, and there are things about it that annoy me... but I don't hate it. Some days I quite like it. And it's been 2 years. And it's still good. Android phones don't last this long. They usually shit the bed after a year, have to be factory reset... the performance just isn't there. I miss Android and I want to go back, but I'm also in no hurry. I kind of want a Pixel 3 XL when it comes out... but I might be able to wait for the 4... maybe the 5. I bet by the time the 5 comes out (ostensibly in 2020) the iPhone 6s will have reached the end of its life, and by then we'll have 5G and who knows what else... I'll probably go back to Android then. And then a year or two later, get another iPhone and carry that for another 5 years... knock on wood... assuming I got that many years left (you never know).

edit: That being said, I'm not loyal to them, or invested in their ecosystem. My iPhone is the only Apple product I own. I use Google apps and services. And some Microsoft (love Office 365, especially Excel). I like their computers, but I'm a gamer, so I build mine. I like Macs, but I'll probably never own one. They can't do what I want. I don't use Siri. I won't own an Apple Watch or HomePod because they're restricted to Apple stuff. Yeah, I don't like that about Apple. But, they had the best phone out when I needed one, I'm convinced of that. Now? I dunno. I do not like the iPhone X. Price is way too high. iPhone 8 and Plus are nice. 
I don't think Airi was ever meant to be a love interest. Satoru is the nice guy, he's not really meant to end up with either of them. Recall with Airi he's just a good friend, kind of a pushover. He'll be whatever she needs, but he's not really looking to get anything from her. Consider how they both react when his mother ships them. She's open to the idea, but he's like, "no way, she's just a friend" and both women think it's amusing. Likewise, he takes on a protector/big brother role with Kayo.

I don't think Satoru and Kayo were shipped at all by the writer(s). I didn't read it that way at all. It's like... I don't know how old you are, but I'm 38... when I was 10, I didn't know my way around girls at all. Now I could almost certainly handle/manage a 10 year old girl (in the context of being responsible for one — I have a niece who is 15, so I have before, it's kind of part of adulting). At 28, she's basically his charge, he's got to protect her from a malevolent force that is too big for her to understand. *He* doesn't even really understand it, as he doesn't understand why someone would want to kill her.

Satoru and Kayo are both only children. Kayo is a bona fide loner with no friends. Satoru has friends, but they're more just acquaintances. I don't think they were that close in the first timeline (where Kayo died). I think they're shown to be close (particularly Satoru and Kenya) because Satoru is older in the second timeline, so he treats his guy friends better. Though he doesn't share with them details of his mission, he's generally nicer to them than (I assume) he was in the first timeline. Generally, boys and girls like Satoru and Kayo are nervous around other kids because they don't really know how to act. No siblings + no friends = no experience. So of course Kayo latches onto Satoru, he's coming at her with adult experience, he knows how to handle and manage a child and keep their fears at bay, keep them comfortable, and have fun, so yeah, second timeline Kayo might have caught feelings. First timeline Kayo probably didn't know he existed. First timeline Satoru definitely noticed first timeline Kayo, but was too nervous to talk to her. He always looked at her from a distance, and if I recall correctly, from behind. And I use the term *always* very loosely.
*Armada* is basically a love letter to *Ender's Game* in the way *Ready Player One* is a love letter to the 1980s. Cline is probably a big Card fan. But I think it's important to respect Cline's work as separate. There may be similarities, but Cline's story is his own.
> but he *was* basically 11 years old at the time

That sounds like an excuse. If he's got the mind of a 29 year old, unless he's a pedophile, which is a specific mental condition, he's not going to be attracted to an 11 year old girl, even if he's occupying the body of an 11 year old boy. If he *were* a pedophile, that would be the perfect excuse, and then he'd basically be a predator, and the story would be different.

Time travel isn't real, so we can only guess how it works. I would guess that if I got to go back to grade school in the same way Satoru did, and got to keep my memories, and thus sexual experience, I wouldn't be going after grade school girls. I'm not attracted to them now. There might be a case to be made for, "but that's all you can get" — I would go without. What I might do instead is focus on academics, and cultivating good friendships with girls who have certain traits (and who have friends). Set myself up for later. I'd be taking advantage of the world in more intellectual ways. It's before the year 2000? Invest in Apple right before the iPod is announced... do they do stock markets in Japan? I'm sure they must. Or Sony before PlayStation (1995?).

Airi is young, but legal, and I think parly she reminds him of Kayo in a way (dark hair, and "baka na no?").
There is a live action movie, but I haven't seen it. I was talking about the live action series on Netflix.
[Ben Franklin has some interesting advice on the subject.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DveyAtEVKXE) This video is from the video game, *Assassin's Creed 3*, which features Franklin, and it may be paraphrased from Franklin's own words, but I've been told it's accurate to what Franklin has said or written. In any case, the character makes some great points! Three and a half minutes, worth your time if you're considering an older cougar.
No.

There's basically two ways music can go. In one direction, music is made to appeal to the masses. Stuff you hear on the radio. Some of this is quite good, some of it isn't. This music travels toward the center of what everyone or at least most people love about music. The other direction is more niche stuff, that travels away from that center, toward more eclectic tastes. Most of this isn't going to be liked by most people, but those who do, will love it.

About 30% of the music I listen to is niche, and about 70% is the more popular stuff. That's not to say I like stuff like Justin Bieber. Well, Bieber makes dance pop, and I'm not really into that this generation. I loved it in the 80s. For this generation, the popular music I like is more rock and metal, though to be fair it's a few generations out. Like Disturbed. Anyone who says they don't like popular music but they love Disturbed is full of shit. Disturbed are VERY popular. They have gold and platinum albums. They shoot for mass appeal. And there's nothing wrong with that. If you don't like dance pop, the genre, that's fine. But every genre has popular and niche artists, and Disturbed is a popular artist in the hard rock and heavy metal genres.

It's harder with foreign stuff. In Japan, ONE OK ROCK is popular rock and alternative, but it's very, very niche here in the US. If you're Japanese and you like them, that's different. They're huge there. They're like our Linkin Park or Thirty Seconds to Mars (and I like them too). Same thing with Nightwish, outta Finland. There's really nothing like them in the US. Symphonic rock and symphonic metal. The US has Kamelot, but they aren't very popular. The US has Evanescence, but that's just alternative rock (both bands are female fronted, though).

I don't mind sharing music and I don't mind discussing music. If someone says X music sucks, they're probably a toxic person. It's better to say you don't like something, than to say it sucks. I don't like Justin Bieber, but I won't say he sucks, per se. I'm just not into what he's doing. He busts his ass for the people who love his music and that's cool. Plenty of people I do like to not have to worry about the people whose music I don't.
But you can't link to those websites, either because you're lying, or doing so is in violation of the sub's rules.

You can blow smoke, but you can't actually do it or help someone do it.

I installed a certificate from Apple to install iOS 11 a couple days early, so I understand that procedure. If you've actually done it yourself, do you really trust some random website? How does that work?
And you need to be jailbroken to use apps not on the App Store. Or you have to have a developer account and be able to sign unsigned code or something like that, which isn't free. And it's against forum roles to ask about that so...
11.3.
Yes. Signing up for HBO streaming gives you access to their back catalogue. At least it did on Amazon. Ostensibly, HBO's shows will be added to Hulu seamlessly. So yes, you'd be able to add Game of Thrones to your watch list and start from the beginning.
It is, but they're skipping 2018. The final season will only be a few episodes, but they'll be longer. Basically we're down to a few big battles and apparently for all the drama and in-fighting, *these* battles will settle everything in Westeros. Or at least that's what they're hoping.
Come on guys, he's not technically wrong.

Bigger battery, but does it last longer? That's the real issue. They're both nonremovable.

Smaller bezels is true; however, not everyone wants that edge to edge display (personally I think it's gorgeous, although not the phone for me).

Customisable will always go to Android because Apple digs their heels on OS customisation. Android will always win that one. Apple wins on updates though, bar none.

Samsung wins on display. No arguing that either.

Samsung can also use the full Android version of Gboard, so typing is a lot better.

I use an iPhone, but let's not pretend the other side doesn't have advantages. There is no best phone. Anyone who thinks there is, isn't aware of the alternatives.
Second to last episode of season 2.
Second to last episode.
Sweet, hope it's a sign of things to come.

Typing is one area Android runs circles around iOS, so if you type a lot on your phone, it's something to consider. I don't think Google is holding Gboard back though, I think Google just has to be creative with how Gboard works on iOS. If you look at most Google apps on both Android and iOS, they have identical feature parity, except where Apple doesn't allow. Consider Google Music, the big difference isn't any little UI issue, it's the fact that the storefront is removed. But of course, Apple doesn't allow alternate storefronts. So Google Music leaves it out. But the rest of the UI is the same. Same with Google Books. With Gboard, on Android you get symbols on all the keys, and numbers on the top row. Given the information I have, it's not Google's intent to gimp iOS users.
Stock keyboard has trace typing yet? No? You still have to hunt and peck like a damn savage on the stock keyboard?

Pretty good. The stock keyboard is barely a keyboard. It's just a poor imitation of a hardware keyboard, except it's only an inch or two wide. But you have to use it like one that's a foot and a half wide. Pretty fucking stupid if you ask me. (The stock keyboard I mean.)
You might. I think if you're good with Linux, you understand computers more.

My wife can *use* Linux... to open Firefox and go on the same sites she goes on on Windows. We've run Ubuntu... I used to run Fedora Core when it was still Core, and Red Hat when Red Hat was for casual/noncommercial use (now it's the server side of Fedora), I've tried a few of the easy ones. It's not hard to be a Linux user. Until something goes wrong, anyway.

I use Windows because I'm a gamer, and Bethesda games on Linux is, well, you'd know better than I would. I would like to be a Linux user, but it doesn't meet my needs. I'd also like to be a macOS user, but again, it doesn't meet my needs. Ditto Android. Linux is cool, but it doesn't always meet a person's needs, even if they are smart enough to use it.
If Bud is your favourite beer, you might like lager, which is the type of beer Budweiser is, and you should explore the world of lagers. Brooklyn Brewery makes an excellent lager. Beer snobs tend to look down upon all lager, but that doesn't mean lager itself is bad. It's just what the cheap shit is.

There's nothing wrong with Dunkin Donuts (or Starbucks) *coffee* but what most people are getting is gas station cappuccino, and it's made from mixes like the stuff in the gas station. If you're going to one of those places, and getting coffee, you're getting coffee. Don't bullshit people. The issue is, most people don't go there for coffee, they go there for the coffee flavoured drinks like DD's Coolatta and Starbucks' Frappuccino. They have coffee in them, but they are as you say, flavoured water.
Only a valid opinion if you're not speaking/typing in English. Then you're just a hypocrite. Not liking a language is okay, but then you don't get to use it, either. I think that's fair.
Pancake fan here. I actually like the butter flavoured syrup better than maple syrup. But maple syrup is good, too.

However, people who are of the opinion that $1-2 bottles of syrup are using *maple* syrup need to be educated on the difference. Maple syrup is not really that expensive, per se.
I have a 6s and I've seen it once.
Region locking is pretty useless. I mean, pirates get region free Blu-ray rips for free, those of us who pay SAO Blu-ray prices shouldn't be region locked. (Speaking as someone who *has* paid SAO Blu-ray prices, that is.) But it's not OP's fault. OP may not even be an American for all we know. Though it is weird a UK site offering UK region Blu-rays for £ is using a .com and not a .co.uk. That's pretty misleading. But also not OP's fault.
The bot works on keywords, like others have said. But the why behind it is a little more complicated. The suicide prevention information isn't really just for the OP. While the OP may or may not be contemplating suicide, others reading the post may be, and may be rallying to it, so the information is for their sake as well.

Also, there's a philosophy about duplicate questions on the Internet that relates. If I ask a question in a help sub (doesn't matter what for — iPhone, Skyrim, nVidia cards, whatever), some forum posters feel it is their godly obligation to tell me to search. Okay, that may be fair, I haven't done my due diligence. But the next person who does search finds my post, and they don't get the answer, the only or at least the most upvoted reply is the one telling them to search. That forum post will be up for years and it's not helpful. So the philosophy is that the information should be available to all who search for it.

So it's for OP first, those who participate in the thread second, and for those who will search for it in the coming months, third. Ideally anyone who searches for suicide, wherever they look, there is information that could help them. We (humanity in general) do not want to make the suicidal feel alone. At least that is how I see it.
Don't care for Instagram (or Snapchat), is there a regular camera app that can do it?
I have a Zojirushi travel mug. I love it. It's taken some hits though. Got some scrapes and dings. Still works good.
I met my wife on the message board for a band we both liked. After three cross country plane trips (I visited her and met her family first and third, she visited me and met my family second), I drove across the country (US) to move in with her. Proposed 3 months later, and we were married 8 months after that. We'll be married 12 years in July.

Fun side note: The flower girl in our wedding, now 15, discovered the band we met through on her own and became a fan. (It's Disturbed.) So we got her their new album for Christmas, and for her 13th birthday, we took her to see them for her first concert. She's my wife's (our) niece, and that was 2 years ago. Last year we took her to see Green Day, and this year we're taking her to see Rise Against. She's not our flower girl anymore, she's our concert buddy. But only for stuff she's into — we went to see Nightwish last month and she wasn't really into that.
Used to work with someone who did that.

If you can (I couldn't), establish a quid pro quo. Like, "I will only watch your video if you watch one of mine." 
I do, and I met her online, like Kirito-kun... but alas she's not an SAO fan. (And no, we don't have a Yui... yet!) Oh well, 2 out of 3 and all that. She's way more of a weeb than I am though. I get a lot of the shows I watch from her, but I'm watching SAOA:GGO and Violet Evergarden on my own, and it looks like I'll be watching anohana on my own, too. She primarily watches first-run subs, while I wait for dubs more often than not. "If it's good it'll get a dub" vs "I don't wanna wait to see this and get spoiled later." 
Congratulations again (I commented before) and thanks for the update. I think it's awesome that you found yourself.
There could be any number of reasons Kayo wound up with Hiromi. Maybe Kenya wasn't available when she was? Maybe he was with someone else. Kenya's a great guy, even more so since he's voiced by Erica Mendez.

You should watch the Netflix live action series. It's a little more faithful to the manga. It is live action though and lacks the charm of anime, but Kayo looks better in live action (she's more distant and sad than anime Kayo).

If you're looking for a similar series, check out Orange. It's on Funimation Now (possibly other services). It's about a girl who gets letters from the future. The first one tells her to not hang out with the new boy, but she does so anyway... it's so good. It has a similar story to Erased/Boku Dake, but also a lot different. Stronger feels. Better ending, I thought. Bit weird. Kind of like LOST in a sense with the jumping around.
Spotify can do this too, but you need the desktop client. In settings, choose the folder for music you want to add. This will add it to a folder in the desktop Spotify app called Local Music. Now just make a playlist with all (or some) of those songs, and have it download (on the desktop client). This will create an encrypted local copy. On the same WiFi network, open the playlist on your iPhone or Android device, and have the playlist download. I've done this for a bunch of stuff that isn't on Spotify. Old Nightwish for example. Some Yuki Kajiura (anime soundtracks). Stuff that Spotify can't get.
I can control Spotify with Google Assistant. Siri is shit and that's on Apple, not Spotify. (To clarify, I have an iPhone. I also have a Google Home Mini, and I have Google Assistant on the iPhone.)
Yeah, more or less. Since then I switched from Google to Microsoft, but the card list should more or less be accurate.
It's not what Zuck had access to. 

Facebook works basically by sharing information. When you friend someone, you get each other's information. Pretty straightforward. Most people accept this, and that what they share on Facebook will be used for targeted advertising so Facebook can pay its bills. We're all okay with that. 

However, some people have figured out a way to make apps that trap into your friends' information. So someone makes an app, or on this case a survey if we're talking about the Cambridge Analytics leak, and anyone who accesses it, it gets their personal information. That is as intended. But CA was also able to get their users' friends' information. Data on people who never agreed to share with them. 

There are other issues, like how Facebook users smartphone mics to listen for advertising terms. Zuck denies this, but I know people it's happened to. They'll talk about things in person and on the phone they aren't putting on Facebook, and Facebook will use that to target ads. So people are concerned about that, too.

Facebook got greedy and so they're having to answer questions about just how they're making money and whether it's above board or not. 
Such a long book? Compared to what? Dr. Seuss books? Read some Stephen King. In fact, if you thought the RP1 adaptation was a trainwreck, consider The Dark Tower. Eight books, all but one or maybe two longer than RP1, condensed into a 90 minute movie. To add insult to injury... PG-13.

Otherwise agree, but maybe an anime series would be better. Made in a country where they don't have to respect copyrights, because that's this book's biggest roadblock. So basically China.
I bought Morrowind on disc (for the OG Xbox). I wonder if that will work. 

I hope they do enhance it, make it better. I like Morrowind, but it's not an easy game to love. The combat was broken, and the skills matter — if you don't put points into speed (athletics?) you move super slow and there's no run/sprint button. 

I've played it a few times on PC (I own it on Steam) but I've never finished it. IMO, Oblivion was the best of the new ones. But then again, Oblivion was my first TES game. And Patrick Stewart as the Emperor. It was a lot of fun. I can go on for days about how it's better than Skyrim, so I don't begrudge Morrowind fans for doing the same to Oblivion. The series HAS declined in quality over the years. Still, I think the improvements Oblivion brought justify what was lost. Skyrim lost too much.
Skyrim fan here, but not big on the lore. #2 doesn't have anything to do with anything in the game, unless it's in one of the books. Like D&D, Skyrim has something called a Dragonborn, but it has nothing to do with mating. It's a gift bestowed upon members of a royal lineage, and select others (such as the main character, who is never connected to the royal line as far as I know). Dragons were dead for centuries before the start of the game, so there shouldn't be stories about someone bedding dragons. The only thing I can think of is M'aiq the Liar, a wandering Khajiit (cat man) who tells tall tales.

If you want more tall tales to tell in taverns, look up some of his quotes. [Here's a link to some on Wikia](http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/M%27aiq_the_Liar/Quotes), but since Wikia is a shithole, I recommend bringing your ad blocker. And I mean, M'aiq is not exactly like what OP posted, but... say if you want lines for the town drunk or something. It's still tavern talk, I suppose.
He's definitely the best *gamer* in the gang, but like we saw in the Suguha spar and *Ordinal Scale*, he's *just* a gamer. I haven't read the LNs, but it feels like Asuna's edge comes from somewhere within. I could be wrong or even completely full of shit, but it seems like the full dive setup draws something out of people basic to who they are. I might be getting my VR game animes confused, but I remember in *Log Horizon* they chose skills and we're sort of pigeon holed into them, like the character who had the cooking skill was pretty much *just* good at that... I think with *SAO* there's more to it.

I don't think I'm explaining it well. It seems to me that Kirito is the legendary gamer, but the best girl from each major arc (Asuna, Leafa, Sinon, and Yuuki) show him up in some way. I'm just still working out what Leafa is better at. But Yuuki beat Kirito, and I think Asuna and Sinon would have, too. (Leafa did best him in real life, but she was a longtime practitioner of kendo, so of course she did.)
Simply put, in addition to other good replies, spree killers are not trained killers. They know how to fire guns, but they aren't very good with them. They're not shooting expressly to kill, so much as they're shooting to *shoot*.
And yet, arguably the strongest player in the game. At least among the main cast, and not including Yuuki. The haters talk about Kirito being overpowered, but I believe Asuna would best him in a duel, especially before he got dual wielding, if not after as well.
I don't like red and would never consider a red phone, and yet, that is beautiful. Kudos to Apple for listening. 
*Kimi no Na wa.*. Japanese film. I'd watch it in either Japanese or English, just no subs (it's too pretty).

Also my favourite film.
No! I did this test. Identical twin girls. Age about four. One likes me but is shy. Other one doesn't like me but doesn't want to be excluded, so if her sister is playing with me, she will too. I can't tell them apart. (Their parents are family friends, we don't see them often.)

The nice one let me pick her up, and put her on my shoulders. I took one picture while she was sitting up there, and then I got an idea. After setting her down, I took another picture. 

The next time I saw them, I identified the nice sister, and showed her the picture of her sitting on my shoulders. She said it was her. Correct. I showed her the next one, and she assured me that was her sister. No way they switched. So false. (Double checked with both parents, who can tell them apart, and without telling them who was in the picture or about the test, they both correctly identified the nice sister in both photos.)

Granted, they're four... Older, they'll be able to tell each other apart, as the older they get the more they will distinguish themselves. The little toddler twins are fed the same, dressed and styled the same, so it's hard to tell them apart, except by personality.

By the way, I don't call the other one the mean one (as opposed to the nice one). She's the independent one. They're both really good kids. But twins have to be treated as a unit when they're small, and like individuals always.
My niece had the exact same reaction. She watched the Japanese version at 5 months (before the English version came out). I figure a baby doesn't know English so why not show her a Japanese movie. Anyway, she was enthralled by the film the entire time, and when it was over, had a wondering and almost sad look. I'd like to think she understood it, though I know better. (We watched it raw, not subbed.)

Definitely going to watch it again with her in English once she starts talking.
Take reasonable action to rescue and keep the child safe first, and contact the authorities to deal with the offender. Specifics would depend on the details. 

This is one serious issue I have with religion. Take Christianity for example. God is supposed to be all seeing and all powerful, and yet, so many children are sexually abused and God just lets that pass? I'm a mortal and I could die if I intervene in an assault, but I'll take that chance to protect a kid. What's the risk to an all powerful god? Why should we worship a god that is not powerful enough to protect his people, or who chooses not to? Scientifically God could be real, but so macro that our lives matter as much to Him as the lives of ants matter to us. He could very well love the human race, but to say He wants a personal relationship with each of us is absurd on its face. Furthermore, as someone with nieces and nephews and experience raising toddlers of both genders, the ability of one to find sexual interest in the crib is a huge blow to intelligent design. I don't mean to push Atheism, it's just that religions like Christianity fail my bullshit test and this is one reason why.
Tuomas Holopainen of the Finnish band Nightwish has an interesting take on this, albeit in a different context. Look up the lyrics for *The Greatest Show On Earth*. Essentially he says that there are millions to billions of combinations of sperm and egg that could have resulted in a breakthrough in art or science, but instead you were born, and no matter how bad things seem, you should be lucky to have lived and to die. It's an interesting point and I'm not really doing it justice. Also the song is on Spotify if you can be bothered.
I would hope for a better one, then. Apparently this one is quite shit. 

There's a Game Boy case for Samsung that takes GB carts, but I'm not sure for what models. 

Best solution would be, IMO, an 8bitdo SFC30 Pro with the phone clip and any Android phone in said clip. Then play games from retro consoles up to and including PS1 with PS2 and PSP on the way, with physical controls. 

Us iPhone guys are boned when it comes to retro gaming, but I knew that going in. It's a great advantage for Android phones though. 
ITT: People who need to get red dbrand skins and just donate to Project Red directly...
Town half an hour north of San Francisco CA. Home of Lagunitas brewing company and little else. I'm from a city just north (Santa Rosa). Bought my first car in Petaluma, and got my driver's license there as well. 
Why would you forfeit your apps? Will Apple revoke your purchases? No, they won't. I'm multi platform, I presently use an iPhone 6s, but all my paid Android apps are waiting for me to come back.
Time to trade up from Windows Phone. If you have Android, just grab an emulator from the Play Store. They aren't allowed on iPhone without jailbreak.
Yes, for Samsung.
Because it's an iPhone. Bluetooth controller support sucks on iPhone. If it were Android, different story.
Not *yet*. Skyrim will be exclusive to the Switch, as far as portable handheld ARM devices go anyway, for a while, then they'll likely port it to Android. Switch is just a weaker Shield, and most modern flagship Android phones and iPhones are more powerful than that. Bethesda has probably just been working on touch controls. They already ported it to the architecture your phone (whichever platform) uses. The hard part is done. All's basically left now is releasing it and making that money. Nintendo may have demanded a year of exclusivity though, since they heavily promoted Switch as running Skyrim. 

I'm predicting an announcement at E3 and a November release on iOS first with Android the usual 3 months later (Bethesda really like Apple, and Apple are glad to promote Bethesda; this worked well for both with both Fallout Shelter and Elder Scrolls Legends).
Because this is an iPhone case and non jailbreak iPhones don't have emulators. Apple doesn't allow them in the App Store.
Reminds me of a movie called *House of Cards*. No relation to the Netflix TV series. Decades before it. Kathleen Turner and Tommy Lee Jones. Hard to find these days. Has to do with an autistic little girl. Jones is a doctor, interviewing her. He takes a call, and leaves her in a locked room. He returns, and she's gone. Looks around and sees her clothes folded up out of sight. He's looking around, and her eyes open in front of the window. She basically stripped and then painted herself to blend in, and I have no idea how that worked. They also cured her autism with some VR house of cards. It wasn't a great movie, but it had a few trippy set pieces. From the 80s I believe.
My guess is OP is just a little too young to remember Game Genie.
I'm compelled to disagree because the first movie came out when I was an adult, and she was 11, and adorable but not in any way attractive. 

But I can safely agree since I found out Harry Potter is my age, which means she is too. IIRC Philosophers Stone takes place in 1990. 
Yup. Had a big crush on her. Couple decades later, I'm married, got a niece about four years old, she asks me who my favourite Disney princess is, Princess Jasmine, no hesitation. 

Pro tip, if you're ever in that situation, the best answer is "you are." Unless you're dating her mother, then her mother is. (Superhero if it's a boy. Or, to be more PC and honestly, more realistic, it's possible for any given child to ask either or something else, it's just a question they ask to get to know new people. Either way, meta it. Generally the only normal answer that has any weight is their favourite. If you don't know it and guess wrong, they won't care at all what you say.)
Yeah I have both decks, both broken down. If the Sinon is machine of ice, I have it in my switch deck. I was just wondering if I was missing anything.
Intriguing. Is there a TD+ for SAO? I thought the first SAO trial deck was okay.
I wish we could have seen it. There weren't any show times around here. We try to go to anime movies that do come here to support future ones. We saw Koe no Katachi in the theater! And Tokyo Ghoul.
Doesn't have to be a Google phone (phone running Android). iPhone running Google Maps can do it too.

You can hide from Google on an iPhone by simply not using their services, but as a Google and Android fan with an iPhone, all I can't get is the Pixel Launcher and Play Store. We even have Opinion Rewards now, and it pays out to PayPal. It truly doesn't matter whose phone you use now. Apple, Samsung, LG, or even Google Pixel itself, full Google experience is basically there.
How about leaderboards with selected friends? Wonder what place you're in?
Rockband. For the singer, it's basically karaoke. The drummer literally beats the shit outta their controller for points. 

All I'm good at on it is singing, good thing my wife loves drumming (as well as singing). If you have a mic stand, you can attempt singing while drumming or playing guitar.
The Lamborghini Countasch from *Speed Zone*. It's red, it's sexy, and it can skip across a lake like a skipping stone (from the first scene of the film). I'm not sure how obscure that is today. Back then it was big, with John Candy and Eugene Levy, but I think it's been largely forgotten. 

The full movie was on YouTube for the longest time (for free), probably still up. Good silly racing movie.
Until they fix spell checker, that's a hard nope from me. 

Firefox has a static dictionary, and it's outdated AF, which means I spend more time adding words (including everyday things like USB and HDMI) than the speed benefits provide. As someone who types a lot in his browser, Chrome is a lot faster, and it isn't even close.

Edit: That being said, I do like Mozilla and what they're doing. They're browser just doesn't fit my use case.
Maybe. I mean, I fully understand why. But to do so would be to acknowledge that we're all the same, in a way. Gay, straight, male, female, and everywhere else on the spectrum people find themselves.
It's definitely official art. The right half is used on the Weiß Schwarz card "After the Battle, Kirito." The main purpose of this card is to play it at level 3 and then get to play "Attack in Waves, Kirito" for free, which is a $15 card that, when used in conjunction with 1 other and two "Attack in Waves, Asuna" cards, can get you a sweet five hit combo (normally you get three hits per turn). At lower levels, it can also be used to brainstorm (get more cards in your hand that you want). The Sinon art looks familiar, not sure if it's a card or not. Going from memory, it reminds me of "In the Sunlight Forest, Sinon" but that's another area entirely... and it's a forest. So I know I'm way off, but that name's sticking for some reason.

If you like SAO and card games and you like some of the extended official artwork, it's a great game to get into. However, the trial decks are out of print. If you can get the original SAO trial deck, that's a great place to start. The SAO 2 trial deck sucks IMO, though I suppose if you want to build a Kirito/Sinon deck, it's not a bad place to start. It's got some good cards. I just don't like any of the Death Gun cards, which it also uses. Asuna is my girl, and I have an Asuna waifu deck, where she's on all 50 cards. My other deck is the switch deck, which includes the cards I mentioned above. Switch is a lot of work to run. Asuna is more consistent for me, though I lose a lot more than I win. I do okay, though.
You just... do it. The PHB gives players the means to create the outline of a character. Xanathar's Guide to Everything lets them fill it out more. After completing the Background section of PHB and This is Your Life in XGtE, your players should know what their characters are about and what they want.

During session 0, or session 0-2, they should pitch their characters to you. You should have either a published campaign read front to back, or an idea for homebrew in mind. You're the director and the co-writer, and they should have their characters audition for a role in your story. The player should sell their character to you. Now, you should have several stories. The overarching arc that is the campaign, and a story for each of them. Good TV these days is done the same way. There's the main story, and then so much time is given to developing each character. Not all characters need development, so if someone says they really just want to be a supporting character and not a main character, that's totally fine.

Each campaign is like a season of television. You want them to tune in every week (or however often you play). So the main plot has to advance, but we should also learn something new about at least one character.

This describes an ideal setting... but the more you think about what you want to get out of D&D, the easier it is to seek that out.

It also helps to play with friends.
They actually do it all the time. Some MMA type said anime was only for kids, and Funimation posted a picture of one of the DragonBall guys (Goku, if I had to guess) with the caption "These fists are rated E for Everyone."
We shouldn't, as long as they're speaking the language they're opposed to anime localising to. Then they're just hypocrites, and the opinions of hypocrites are worthless at best. Now if you have a Japanese person speaking in Japanese that anime should stay Japanese only, maybe he has a point. But even then, a Japanese man likes his yen as much as an American man likes his dollar, so if the American man wants to spend that dollar (and however many others) on anime, then who is the Japanese man to turn down the money. Let the business live or die by supply and demand.
A lot of Americans want freedom for themselves, but they don't want the same for certain people who look different or whatever. I think everybody wants to be free. The difference between a liberal and a conservative is, the liberal wants everyone to be equal, often at the expense of those at the top. The conservative wants to have it all to himself and his, but thinks everyone else should have less, and if they don't have the same, they didn't work hard enough.
The known existence and normalisation of homosexuality (which I do consider to be a progression of society) does beg the question however. If we can have gay guys sharing a locker room and showering with straight guys, and lesbians sharing a locker room and showering with straight girls, why don't we just make the whole thing co-ed and call it a day?

If we start PE in grade school, it won't be as big a deal. The students would all be prepubescent so issues of attraction wouldn't arise. Also, it's possible they'd begin to see one another almost like siblings, and develop that sort of barrier with their classmates, which might make things less awkward later.

Either way, it's definitely a perk for gays and lesbians (among many detriments, I know). Regardless of what some individuals on Reddit say when the reputation of their screen name is on the line, most of us fantasised about peeking in the other locker room. It may not seem like an advantage, and it may seem like a detriment, but for the rest of us, being in a locker room full of people changing that are of the gender you're attracted to — you lived the dream.
The official soundtrack is on Spotify, but it's kind of strange. For example, with *Sparkle*, you get the version from the movie in Japanese, but the English one is not the one from the movie (it's got singing over parts where there were no vocals).

Probably the same with the other songs.
I don't think that's what ontology means, but I hope you're right because that sounds really awesome. 

It's really just a made up portmanteau, but I love your explanation. My understanding is that ontology has to do with whether something's real or not, but I'm not 100% sure.

Edit: it's early. Their name is based on Scientology, not ontology. I still like your explanation for what my username means better.
Has anyone here read *Debt of Honor* by Tom Clancy? Something like this happens there. As for the ending, I don't want to spoil it, but it doesn't end well for the US (or maybe it does, depending on your point of view, and if you read the next book, *Executive Orders*).
As far as I know, there are only Kirito, Yui, and Asuna. I have the set. (At least my wallet hopes there aren't more!) The only other ones I would want would be Yuuki, Sinon, and Leafa (in that order).

I got Yui first at Raleigh SuperCon last July, and for months, she was the only one I had, and I was cool with that. My wife and I met online, so she's my Asuna and I'm her Kirito, but we don't have a baby, so the Yui plushie was kind of a mascot. My wife found Asuna at a new anime shop in Raleigh (Anime Paradisu). She said they had Kirito as well, but only had money for one. A couple months later we found Kirito at an FYE up in Virginia.

Side note: When you get Yui, use an X-Acto knife or razor to cut Yui's hands free from her dress. There's really no good reason her hands should be pinned to her side. I've also removed the tags from all three. I've left their strings though.
Usually this is called fan fiction as others have pointed out, unless you change nothing, then you're writing a novelisation of the story. If you are changing things, then you're writing what is called a fixfic. Two great examples of this (great as in profitable) are "50 Shades of Grey" (a book series turned movie series adapted from book series turned movie series "Twilight") and "Sword Art Online" (a light novel series turned anime series adapted from anime ".hack//SIGN"). If you change enough, you can declare ownership of it and profit from it. I don't know where plagiarism stops and creativity begins, but I would not call either "50 Shades of Grey" or "Sword Art Online" plagiarism. There's another word, and "adaptation" isn't quite right. "Sword Art Online" is a modernisation, but it's an independent story from the original series, and their stories are mutually exclusive (both feature different games that are the first VR MMORPG in their world).

I would start here: /r/fanfiction 
I wasn't sure "The Duffer Brothers" weren't just Stephen King and Dean Koontz, until I saw pictures of them. I'm still not 100% convinced they're not.
/r/IAmVerySmart 
It's natural for a man to want to protect a woman or a child. It's not a dad thing or a human thing, is a *mammal* thing (there are exceptions). However, a good father will raise his daughter to be strong, not a victim. The jokes about shooting boyfriends are funny until the child is born. Then it's her parents' job to raise a good person, not a victim.
I always assume that, aside from first party titles, it just means the game isn't that good. That the financial incentive to keep it off competing platforms exceeded the total of projected sales minus the cost of developing for said platforms. I understand the platform owner, they want exclusives to differentiate their platform, but as a gamer, I'm leery of third party exclusives because of the little faith their publisher had in them.

Of course, I don't have a PlayStation 4, only a PC and an Xbox One, and we all know the XB1 hasn't got any great exclusives. The few it has only solidify my point. PlayStation gamers don't want them. 

I don't mean to stir up console wars. I'm a true gamer. I'll play on whatever. I also have a PS3 and a 3DS. And a Super NES Classic. I could get a PS4 is I wanted one, I just don't see a reason to move up, and I don't think it's backwards compatible anyway. 
For insiders. Someone else replied that it came out on the 27th of last month. So right about a week.
But there's no difference in the 17133 that insiders got and the 17133 the rest of us will get, right? That's what I was getting at.
17133's been out for a week or two now. 
13:37 on the clock. Nice touch. One of the advantages of 24 hour time is you get some cool times. My favourites are 1701 (Star Trek), and 0451 (Deus Ex). Current year is always kinda neat.
Anime, but yes. Anime and books regularly get crappy movie adaptations, so I think a good anime adaptation of a book would be the best solution.

There are a bunch of animes about VR, though. .hack//SIGN was the first one, and it partially inspired Log Horizon and Sword Art Online, and from there it just took off (with SAO being the biggest one by far). But RPO is quite different from all of them. While a lot of VR anime is about being trapped in the game, no one in RP1 is actually trapped, it's a different story entirely.
I like ReNamer for most renaming stuff, but for NMTS, you just load up the episodes, feed the files in, and it names them per your chosen convention. It's so easy. And I used ReNamer for years and then typed out the episode titles because I thought that was the only way. ReNamer is good, but NMTS is a niche product that just works better for that one thing. I feel sorry for people who are still using a general purpose renamer tool... they're halfway there. Maybe a third. When they come around, they'll be kicking themselves for not discovering it sooner. Speaking from experience.
He was absolutely bullshitting them. It was a bluff. Everyone knew he was a genius (by then though? Been ages since I saw it) so they believed him and he was counting on that 

Whether it's actually true or not didn't much matter to him. He just hoped they'd believe it or at least consider it a possibility, which they did.
> Name my TV Series

This is really the best answer. There are programs for renaming, but if you have a bunch of files and want to give them proper names in the shortest amount of time, this is the way to go.

[Here's the download link.](https://www.tweaking4all.com/home-theatre/rename-your-tv-series-files/)
My wife plays Railgun, too. Specifically she's built an Accelerator husbando deck. She uses the HotC inserts. I'll pass on the recommendation to her. That's a great idea. 

I'd love to play Star Wars. I was a huge fan of the series when I was a kid. Taking the saga as a whole now, the eight episodes plus Rogue One and soon, Solo as well, it's list a little of the magic. My local shop doesn't allow Japanese cards at all, even with the translation inserts. I've put out feelers and they really aren't interested in changing the policy.
Damn. That's shitty luck. I drove with a friend of my mother's, and he caught a speeding ticket in Arizona, but he was going a lot more than 4 over. 

Gotta be careful with speed when driving out of state. Cops will pull an out of state driver quicker since they're less likely to show up and contest the ticket. Best thing to do is simply mail it in. Anything else will simply cost more. I am so glad my wife prefers to drive, because I have a lead foot.
Neither. I'm simply done dealing with you. You want to change things to fit your narrative. You're the pigeon in the pigeon/chess meme. You are irrational, so rational discourse is wasted on you. 

Okay, I trolled you a bit with the English thing — but you asked! Otherwise, that's all you.
It's an app thing, not an iPhone thing. Apollo does it and has done it for a while. Readder doesn't do it.
Well, Frop is an abbreviation of Froppy, or Tsuyu Asui, a minor character in the anime *Boku no Hero Academia* (EN: *My Hero Academia*). Basically, she's the frog girl. And voiced by Monica Rial, who has a very distinctive voice fans either love or hate.

As for the OwO emoticon (sometimes lowercase), it's a reference to an anime face where the W is the mouth. It means the lips are trembling because something or in this case someone is so adorable one can't help but react thusly. It also has an X-rated meaning you can find by Googling it; it's most likely not relevant here.
I was expecting the card stuff. "Swimsuit Sinon." I got 4 of 'em.

I really gotta scan the rest of my cards. There aren't any scans online that aren't watermarked and/or really low resolution. I've been using Google PhotoScan, and I have all my yellow and red cards scanned (well, I've got more since). And Sinon is blue (blue seems to be the "everyone else" category and includes Kirito, Sinon, Yui, Agil, Klein, and Sachi. Blue is also the biggest category with 24 pages (9 per page) of cards, whereas yellow, at second, has only 16. Green has fewer and red has even less. So green is likely to be next... and green is Yuuki's colour. Her, and Leafa/Suguha, and a couple others.)
These types of threads usually attract some of the worst and best responses. Navigate wisely, OP.

I was raised to tip. But at the same time, you are a customer of the establishment, and not the waitperson's employer. I tip because of me, because that's how I was raised. I tip based on pre-tax, pre-coupon/discount total, 20%, and then add that to the nearest dollar, typically rounding up. I'm pretty good at math, so when I see the subtotal and the total, I sort of just run the numbers in my head, so when they bring the ticket back, I sign, I put the full amount, and I put the tip amount.

Some people really get into what the waitstaff deserve to be paid. Frankly, that's between employer and employee. It should never be between employees and customers. If an employee tells me, as a customer, that they are not being paid enough, depending on my mood, I might think, "I'm sorry" or "Not my fucking problem," but I'm more likely to actually say, "Then I would advise you to look for work elsewhere." But it's really not my problem. I tip well enough that it isn't an issue, but still.

I don't always tip, but it takes a rather extreme situation. Simply put, if waitstaff treats you poorly, they don't deserve a tip, and again, that's a problem between employee and employer. I got such poor service at our local Denny's (which is tragic, because they were so good in my hometown) that I left a 2¢ tip (don't leave nothing, they'll think it was stolen) and did not return. That's the thing. Don't just leave a bad tip or no tip. You also don't go back there. If you're gonna stiff the waitstaff, stiff the restaurant as well by denying them future business — and tell your friends. In this day and age, also write a review on Google Maps. (TripAdvisor is shit and Yelp is worse, skip them.) But don't wait too long. A poor waiter or waitress could have since been let go, or management could have changed. I never wrote a bad review on that Denny's, because it was years later when I started writing reviews. For all I know, they're much better now. But I would never go there, as we have Cracker Barrel here, and for bad breakfast fare 24/7, we also have Waffle House (which is also bad, but cheap!).

Two pieces of advice I would give someone eating out in general, or someone on the fence about tipping. First and foremost, learn to cook, or date/marry someone who can. Cooking is... awesome. I love to cook. For me, going out means I'm being lazy. I can usually make better food in my own kitchen, and the pride from not only saying that, but being able to back it up... it really feels good. (And tastes good!) That said, if you do go out, chains provide consistency (mostly!), but try to eat local if you can. That sounds corny, because my favourite restaurant's motto is "eat local, drink local." (They serve a lot of local beers in addition to the crappy national ones, and are a big part of the local craft beer scene, and operate a beer garden.) But, it's true. Find a place that is owned locally and employs only people in the area (they can import a chef, that's not what I mean). These people tend to care more, because their business lives and thrives, or dies, on the opinion of people in your area. Reviews count a lot more for them. A bad review can hurt them, and they're more willing to fix mistakes (usually, if they're good).
I think you're just being hostile for hostility's sake at this point, trying to rewrite history to fit your narrative.

To answer your question quite literally, no, you are not speaking English correctly. I should always be capitalised, English should always be capitalised, you should have a comma after correctly, Sign may be an abbreviation but isn't the proper title, series not serie, SAO should be capitalised, one shot is two words, what's needs an apostrophe, and you should have a comma after 2001. I think that's everything. ;)
It didn't, though. Sure, Kawahara might have had ideas, but we can only go by what he wrote after.

There's a concept called Occam's Razor that basically says that the simplest explanation is probably correct. And when you have two stories that have several elements in common, the simplest explanation is that one inspired the other. Are you suggesting that the people behind .hack//SIGN got their ideas from Reki Kawahara's mind? Remember, the same people make the games and music for both franchises. There's no damage on their end. It seems to me the only people who have a problem with the way things are are some rabid fanboys, who, honestly, are making the rest of us look bad. I'm more embarrassed to be part of the same fandom as these gatekeepers, than I am of anime fans in general who trash talk SAO.
You're moving the goalposts. The web novel was published online in 2002, but it wasn't actually published, by a publisher, until 2009, 7 or 8 years **after** *.hack//SIGN* aired. If there were any legal issues, they would have arisen then. There apparently weren't. Anyway, I'm not trying to insinuate that there are. Only that these connections exist. And that if SAO fans want to accuse RP1 of copying them, they have to consider what SAO copied. If SAO fans want to accept that more shows and movies about VR are okay and that SAO doesn't own them, then it's all good. As fans it really doesn't matter to us. We win because we have more choices. What exactly is your damage here?
Stayed the night there. 95404 born and raised, drove across the country. Staying in Santa Rosa NM was one of the goals. It was hot, is about all I remember (this was 2005).

I got this exact postcard and sent it back home to my family. They got a kick out of it.
Yeah, no. I watched .hack//SIGN before 9/11. SAO was published in 2009, and the web novel was posted online in 2002.

You don't really need to be all that smart to know simple math, dude.
I do this! We don't have kids. I had Google call her out for looking at yaoi (essentially gay anime) and she was. I just guessed. It's great. Sacred the shit out of her first time I did it. She didn't know I could broadcast remotely. I didn't either but now I do.
Overlord and Log Horizon came after .hack//SIGN.

Between SAO and .hack//SIGN, which one features an AI that looks like a little girl, who wants to help the players, but is actively hindered by another AI? Also, which one has the female lead second in command of a guild set up to help the players? Answer: both. Which one has the main character help a young girl with a sick pet by undertaking a dangerous quest to retrieve a rare item to save the pet? Again both, but in SAO it works out. Or how about the brother/sister romance in .hack season 2 and SAO's second arc. Or how about the girl who gets all powerful by playing 24/7? .hack did it first too, and while it was very good (it was an OVA), Mother's Rosario was a thousand — no, a million times better. 

Reki Kawahara wrote about what he loved, which was VR and gaming. .hack//SIGN was just coming out as he wrote his web novel and he got some ideas from it. Looking at the finished products, it's not hard to draw similarities. Hell, it's hard not to, if you've seen both.

Look man, I'm not one of these SAO hating trolls. It's one of my favourite series. I'm just saying, if SAO fans are gonna support shaky connections to other franchises and try to act like Reki Kawahara invented VR gaming in a vacuum, I'm gonna talk about the series SAO's first arc is basically based on. Doesn't mean I dislike it, because I don't. I'm happy we have both. If you see a stack of coincidences where I see connections, I'm not gonna press the issue. I have nothing to gain by fighting fans. The thing is, I like and look for patterns. One similarity is a coincidence, but the more there are, patterns begin to be implied. 

One of RP1's greatest strengths is the classics it borrows from. SAO and all these 'trapped in VR' animes are all just passing tribute to what came before. .hack//SIGN wasn't the first, but it may have been the first *anime* to do it. The earliest *trapped in another world* story I know is *Alice's Adventures in Wonderland*, Lewis Carroll, 1865. *Eighteen* sixty five. It might go back farther. It isn't a new trope. But as far as VR goes, that's probably Tron from 1982.
I'm no legend, but I think it's awesome you used a fellow Apollo user's comment for your bug report.
The Aincrad arc was largely based on .hack//SIGN, and as long as that fact bothers SAO fans, I would advise SAO fans against making similar claims against RP1.

None of these three invented VR. In RP1 nobody is trapped in the game, but SAO and the original series gave that in common, though they both got it from Tron. Virtual reality as a concept is older than most of us. 

While the dozen or so connections to .hack//SIGN show that Reki Kawahara was a big fan of the series, RP1 is different in that, book and movie, the author and screenwriters were fans of dozens of entertainment properties and crammed them in. I feel like if RP1 wanted to reference SAO, they would have just put Kirito in one of the big battles and called it a day.
Milka-*what?*
It is my home Xbox but how do you put it in offline? Is that a setting?
Probably not. My wife would likely not approve of me dating someone.

But yes, if I were not married, that is. Looks fade with time and if you have long term goals, it's a matter of being able to put up with them after looks have faded. Besides, my wife absolutely did, so I have our going on 12 year marriage to be thankful for that.
Why is this tagged Expired? I was looking for a deal on Hollow Knight, and this looks great. Even though it's only discounted to $9 and $8 of that is hidden in shipping costs, $9 for the normally $50 TV extender is not a terrible deal at all.

There's one thing I've always wondered about the Steam Link and I've never gotten a clear answer on, leading me to believe it's not the answer I want. My PC is right next to my TV, so I can already play on the TV, all I have to do is put my TV in PC mode and it'll be a second, duplicated monitor. Easy peasy. But if my wife is on the computer, on her Windows account, can I use the Steam Link to play games that are on my Windows account? I don't think I can. If I could, this would be useful to me, but I don't think Windows can be made to work like that.
More RL Yuuki (outside the hospital setting) is always appreciated. 
Actually makes it seem more realistic, though I've never heard of Yuki/Yuuki as a surname before.

In real life, a lot of people have a situation where in some setting (work/school) they know two people with the same name, but you almost never see this in fiction. Why? Because writers can avoid that coincidence. And if they don't, there's always a reason and it's a plot point somewhere.

Asuna Yuuki was likely named before "end quote" was named, so it's kind of nice they didn't avoid two characters having the same name and it not being weird (aside from Yuuki Konno's joke about her name being "Yuuki Yuuki" if they got married and she took Asuna's name).
Lightsaber. Let's just call them what they are.
It's a cool idea. I have wanted other Reddit apps to 'join' threads like this for some time. For example, if I make a multi of, say, tech subs, I don't want to see the same article six times, I'd like to see it just once. Combining the threads is a cool idea; honestly I just wanted the reposts hidden. 

I'd like to see the upvote go to the original (first one posted). I understand that maybe the reposts don't deserve downvotes (since they're not in the same sub) but I don't feel they should be rewarded the same as the original.

This should actually be a fundamental change in Reddit, though. If something (content or link) is posted anywhere on Reddit, it shouldn't be able to be reposted, as such, only crossposted. So you could create a new thread in another sub, but it would link back to the original post, and all the upvotes to the OP would go to the actual OP, whoever posted it first. The rest would either funnel the votes to the original, or replace the vote arrows with a crosspost symbol.

I hate that all the good stuff from smaller subs gets reposted in bigger subs (or that smaller subs are propped up by reposts from bigger subs) because you want to keep the smaller sub for the niche content only it gets, but the duplicates are a real bitch and a half.

RES hides duplicates, at least, so if you open a multi, or if you're on the front page, duplicates will be hidden. It's not quite ideal (it doesn't show you which was posted first, only which was loaded first) but it works.
Milka-*what?*
Well, I'm not trying to knock someone's choice in bands. I listen to some pretty eclectic shit myself, including stuff from other countries where I have no idea what the fuck they're even saying without fan translations, and even then, you have to trust the translation.
No.

I'll grant you that I'm not the biggest nu metal fan, aside from Disturbed. Sorry, but Chevelle and Taproot were both below average. I actually saw them live twice. First at MAAW2, and second at a festival they were both at, on the other side of the country. Definitely a low point of the show. I'll also grant you that the people I was with had a higher opinion of them than I did. Neither band just didn't stand out, and never got past their one or two songs that the radio overplayed.
Milwaukee's Best, or any other shitty beer that isn't one of the big three. The big three are shitty, for sure — Bud, Coors, and Miller — but all the shittier ones are just trashy. Also Natty (Natural), and many others, some regional. Mickey's too. Any of those malt liquors.

Bonus: a row of empty liquor bottles on a shelf.
Sons of Anarchy? I didn't see Jax anywhere...
I can buy that you're too young to remember EverQuest, but not World of WarCraft and Elder Scrolls Online. Like the original series, SAO is based on games like EverQuest (and WoW, as that came out between the two).
Both bands are great, but OOR deserves the recognition. Everyone knows who blink-182 is. Either way, a good band's gonna win.
It's very weird. And not very good.

It's got the retro thing down, but seems to be very obtuse in what you can do. I expected it to be more like TuneIn and let me browse radio stations from all over, but it's literally just a tuner, and you get what it can find and that's basically it.

Dark theme looks nice, but it's probably just inverted.
Never paid for Beyond. I got the PDFs on my phone, and I'm not too bothered because I got 'em before you could buy 'em, and I paid for the hard copies. I imagine the ones on Beyond are better, since they don't need to be scanned. Probably have a bunch of extra features, too.
Glad to see it will be on Hulu as well as Crunchyroll. My wife has a CR sub, now that I think about it, but we never watch it together. I get my anime primarily from Funimation and Netflix, but also Hulu. More choices are definitely a good thing.
Nah, what you do is get a bag of Jelly Belly jelly beans and mix them with the Harry Potter joke jelly beans, mix 'em up real good, and then bag them individually and pass them out to the kids in your family. Just tell them you bought a pound or however many in bulk at the supermarket. The ones like vomit and earwax are really just exotic fruits, there's nothing gross about them aside from the name. However, the ones like dirt, black pepper, and sardines are legit disgusting...
My first game had this happen! My best friend was DM, and his mother was babysitting this six year old girl who wanted to play with us (we were 13). My friend was against it, but I said let her play. So my character got a little sister and he was responsible for her. It was interesting, as my character's best friend was a king, so we got child-sized armour commissioned for her, as well as a big dagger that worked like a short sword. She also had some pretty neat plot armour (100% immunity to any magic, good or bad). Her character shaped the campaign, as an evil wizard found out about her and wanted her dead, so she couldn't grow up and reproduce and pass on her immunity to magic, or have someone find a way to extract it and pass it on directly to others. So basically he wanted to protect magic. So that was fun.
Can Americans buy from Japanese iTunes?
[Spotify link](https://open.spotify.com/track/59pUIlXjQupbiYwt40uUTi?si=5EcrXaWDSX60nFvfcUgE6w)

Also, that's not Stephanie Sheh... might want to specify what language, especially if it's not the language you're asking in. ;) (I, too, prefer the Japanese language version, but if it's not specified, I assume the language the person is asking in.)

Beautiful song. Added to my Kimi no Na wa. playlist (which is just my favourite songs from the soundtrack).
I have the LE and this is tempting. I'd like to buy like 5 of them and give them as gifts. (I mean if money were no object, it would be cool to see a movie, like it, and buy a bunch of copies and hand them out.)
Disturbed was my favourite band back in the day. I met my wife on their site, and we're coming up on 12 years of marriage this July. While I feel their last album, *Immortalized*, was their best album to date, I haven't been as big a fan as I once was.

I saw them twice after *Believe* and during the *Music as a Weapon 2* thing. First I saw them with Taproot and Chevelle (both below average nu metal bands) and they were amazing. Didn't hurt that I got to meet the band beforehand. This was when they had Fuzz, the first bassist. Then I saw them with Korn, and Korn just blew them away. I hadn't been a Korn fan in a few years at this point, but Korn earned back all the faith I ever had in them. They were fucking amazing live, even for the songs I didn't like. The energy was amazing.

I saw Disturbed again, two years ago yesterday, in fact. Over a decade since I saw them last. But, fun fact. The flower girl in my wedding (who was 2 at the time, is now almost 15) became a Disturbed fan on her own from hearing us play their songs in the *Rockband* games, and for her 13th birthday (in fact 5 days before it, so she was still 12), we took her to see Disturbed. It was pretty damn epic, until they launched into a cover of *Closer* by Nine Inch Nails. So I go to cover the kid's ears, and she gives me the "how stupid are you?" look. So that was funny.

I've never seen Disturbed play poorly, and I've seen them 3 times. But, they have gotten better.
Music as a Weapon 2 was 2002-ish and Disturbed headlined that. I don't know anything about MAAW1, but I guess it was before then.
They're not. They're sold for around $30 on Amazon. Sometimes they go lower, but not much. There's not so much a price drop on Amazon as there is a price hike in stores.

Many years ago, a company called Wizards of the Coast came out with a card game called Magic the Gathering. The big tabletop RPG at the time was Dungeons & Dragons by TSR. For all the books, D&D was never very profitable to shops. One group would buy one set of the main books, maybe a couple supplements, and a dice set, and then they could play the game indefinitely. Meanwhile, Magic kept the money flowing. Magic kicked D&D's ass so hard that Wizards ended up buying TSR, and is presently the owner.

To keep D&D profitable for shop owners, Wizards slaps a $49.99 (or $49.95) MSRP on their books, but only charges around $30 for it, allowing the shop to make $20 per sale.

Barnes & Noble charge the full $50, but they're not a game shop. Fuck them, don't pay them anything for D&D materials.

Amazon charges you about what they pay for it. That's how other generic booksellers who aren't hobby shops should price the D&D books. A little extra for their time and facilitating your access to it, but not the $20 markup your hobby shop charges.

So you have a moral conundrum: do you pay Amazon the $25-30 price and save money, or do you pay nearly double at your local hobby shop to support them? I think it depends on where you play D&D. I DM a game at home and I'm a player in a game at someone else's home. I will be playing in my local shop's adventurer's guild knockoff, but I'm paying $25 for the privilege (for six games). I have played D&D in their back room a couple times, but one of the times, I was DM and hosting an event, so I was bringing them business. Also, I'm a Weiß Schwarz (like Magic but for weeaboos; I run two *Sword Art Online* decks) player, so I'm always buying cards from them, and card game accessories. I absolutely support my local hobby shop, and I have the cards to prove it... and the binders... and the card sleeves... and the sleeve protectors... and over 150 dice... the list goes on.

As for why they're dropping under $30? Could be a number of reasons. Maybe Wizards is charging less? No way 6e is about to drop, not now, probably not for another couple years at least. I mean Pathfinder 2 is about to come out, but Wizards doesn't need to answer that. Xanathar's and the new monster manual are doing just fine. And there's nothing really wrong with 5e anyway. The game isn't horribly broken somewhere. Anyway... could just be with the rapid influx of players over the last couple years, Amazon is stepping up their D&D books ordering, and getting lower prices, and passing them along, which is the most likely scenario.
Ah, I forgot Season 1 was only 13 episodes. And how many Season 2 was, in fact. That tournament arc sure flew by!

I'm just afraid of Funimation going the Aniplex route (overpricing Blu-rays and subtly encouraging piracy). We're not there yet, but as someone who really tries to pay for anime, I worry about being priced out. 
This is about what I paid for [both halves of] Season 1. Is this a special edition collection? Hoping to get the whole Season 2 together after the second half comes out.
Satoru never fancied Kayo, and she didn't betray him. Huge spoilers incoming.

In the first universe, she died before he began to notice girls. He was upset that she died, as a classmate and because he'd often see her standing alone in the park. 

In the second universe, he's a 28 year old man in a kid's body, and there's no indication that he's a pedophile. He does remark on his heart skipping a beat when she holds his hand, but that's as far as it goes. Adult as child Satoru only sees the kids as kids, not as his peers. He has a job to do, motivated by saving his mother. 

Now for Kayo's part. 

In the first universe, she may have fancied one of the boys, but it doesn't matter because she dies before she can speak or act on it. 

In the second universe it's entirely probable that she has unrequited feelings for Satoru as he is so attentive to her and she thinks he's her age and not an adult. Then he goes into a coma and she's not sure he'll ever recover. She goes to visit him, as do his friends, and she falls for the trap (I forget his name).

There's no betrayal, and Kayo might even consider leaving the trap for Satoru, except now they have a child together, and Satoru doesn't want that anyway. Especially not when second universe Airi is dropped in his lap.
Oh man. I think the Yuuki thing is sadder for me because it's more current, but the other two feel like they were more impactful at the time. They're both on Netflix last I checked, if you're interested.

If you only watch one FMA, I'd say Brotherhood just to make it easier (it's newer, it's in widescreen, it's in HD, follows the manga better), but my true answer is a lot more complicated and maybe not worth going into. It's something FMA fans discuss ad nauseum and it really doesn't matter as much as we think. FMA is absolutely a classic in either series though. I prefer it in English and some of the VAs bring something unique to the table, but if you prefer subs, whatever works.

YLiA isn't really a classic, it's just notable for kicking viewers in the feels. Worth watching, but maybe a bit too long. If you like subs anyway, and you can track down the film adaptation, you can watch a 2 hour movie instead of a 25 episode anime and be through it a lot quicker, skip most of the filler. Really should have been a 12 episode anime.

Another good feels trip is *Angel Beats!*. Purgatory high school. They're all dead and that isn't a spoiler. I mean, that's the premise, though the show might be coy about it in part of the first episode. It's the whole moving on part that gets people. And they go into the how and why and of course they all died tragically in some way or another. Oh, and it's also a musical. Just be aware, once you've seen it, the first and last notes of the main song will slay you if you hear it.
I don't entirely disagree, but it sounds like you haven't seen *Your Lie in April* or *Fullmetal Alchemist* yet. If you have, cool; if not, put 'em on your watch list.

There's a [Weiß Schwarz card](https://i.imgur.com/vVBC6Mj.jpg) of this, so I imagine there's official artwork out there signed. Link goes to an Imgur reupload of a signed copy (by the Japanese VA). I don't own that card. I have a few of the unsigned version, though. I don't play green so it never comes up, but I'm glad to have it in the collection.

Also, if I ever get to meet Erica Mendez (English VA) I'm gonna have her sign it, and a few others. Everyone loves 《Zekken》 Yuuki, which has the classic image of her waiting by the tree to fight [Asuna], looking all badass... I also have a foil Demise of 《Zekken》 climax card, it's her laying in the field in Asuna's lap. The common version of the card shows them at a distance. The foil one is more close up and you can see individual flowers. So f'n sweet.
It's Japanese. Americans focus on college life, and Japanese focus on high school life. I'm not really sure why that is. But Japanese high school students are more like American college students. They're more mature, and I think they have to apply to get into better high schools. Though I admit most of what I know about Japan comes from anime.

As a fellow adult, I try to look past age and see the story for what it is. Though, I have not played this game. I have it on Xbox and PC, just... haven't got around to it yet.
*Usually*. The business model of these episodic games (mainly Telltale) is to give you the first episode free, and charge X per episode or Y for a "season pass" that includes all the episodes. First episode being free is usually a PC thing; on phones, they usually charge for the first episode, putting it on sale occasionally.
Well, ONE OK ROCK does both English and Japanese. Some English songs, some Japanese songs, and some songs where they use both languages together. 

Coming from RADWIMPS, you want some rock, not too hard, and emotionally charged like the Kimi no Na wa. songs, I'd say start with Chaosmyth or Last Dance. They don't get quite as poppy as RADWIMPS, but they get close.
The polite way to do that is to simply lay your king piece down. Flipping the board is just a loud and obnoxious way to do that. 

And then someone has to pick up 32 chess pieces...
In theory yes. In practice no. There was a group a year or two ago that said they were making a stand. Exactly zero pro gun guys backed them up.

The Second Amendment was written to protect us from tyrannical governments, but that isn't really feasible today. Not only do none of these rebels stand a chance against modern military hardware and training, they lack resolve and loyalty to one another. 

It's an excuse, and an abstract one at that.
That's a fair point, and true for any of these blog sites. I also follow Android Police and Neowin. Same thing. Quality varies.
It's been so long since I've been on one, and I've never done upside down or corkscrew. I imagine those are faster to keep you down in your seat (gravity?). Part of me never wants to go on one, part of me wants a kid who will make me. 
One thing I never hear mentioned about facing high winds is your decreased ability to breathe. It might just be me with my asthma, but when wind nowhere near that strong is blowing right in your face, and you're facing the wind, it makes it hard to breathe. It's not a good feeling. Anytime you can't take full breaths, you're not gonna be at your best anyway.
Saving you a click.

YouTube TV: At least 7 Mbps to stream one High Definition (HD) video; 13 Mbps to reliably stream HD video, even with other devices using the same network  
DirecTV Now: Minimum of 12 Mbps for broadband connections to the home  
Sling TV: 5 Mbps for a single stream of video content on a TV, PC or Mac; 25 Mbps for households that maintain internet use on multiple devices  
PlayStation Vue: Minimum of 10 Mbps or higher is recommended for the best experience, plus 5 Mbps for each additional stream  
fuboTV: At least 20 Mbps download speed to ensure a clear and consistent stream  
Philo: Minimum of 5 Mbps for HD quality and 1.5 Mbps for Standard Definition (SD) quality  
Hulu with Live TV: 8 Mbps or higher for a reliable, high-quality viewing experience; multiple concurrent streams may require higher bandwidth


Other streaming services   
Hulu: 1.5 Mbps for streaming SD videos and 3 Mbps or higher for HD videos  
Netflix: 3 Mbps for SD quality, 5 Mbps for HD quality and 25 Mbps for Ultra HD quality  
Amazon Prime Video: 900 Kbps for SD videos and 3.5 Mbps for HD videos


Wait, are you saying iVerge is being generous to Android after bashing iPhone for the same thing?

Y'all do remember when iVerge blasted the Samsung Note for being too big, and then when the first iPhone Plus came out, at nearly 1/4"/1cm bigger, they said it was the perfect size.

No one takes iVerge seriously anymore. They have a colourful website and they have entertaining articles. Their journalism is tabloid at best, has been for years.
Max HP, especially if you have fewer players than the module or adventure calls for, or they're new. The threat of death should always be present, but at the same time, some players just want to have fun. Read the room.

Or another thing I'd do is this. Tell them if they want to customise the difficulty of the game, they can do it thusly. For easy, always take max HP (highest possible dice roll + CON bonus). For medium, subtract 4 from your hit die's highest roll, roll a d4 and add that number (so if your hit die is a d8, roll a d4 and add 4, for a range of 5-8). For hard, just roll the hit die, and if it's a 1, that's all you get (plus your CON bonus).

I'm a new DM, and I play with new players. I find that the game is more fun for them if I let them have the occasional ass pull. So if they can justify doing something, I'm more inclined to say yes than no. If it's a really crazy ass pull, I bump up the DC. So maybe a conventional distraction on a goblin has a DC 10. It's a DC 15 if they make up something unconventional.
Honestly I don't keep track of my arrows and darts (monk) either, but whenever we go to town, I make sure to buy more.
Just messaged them. Their Twitter handle (for support) is @SpotifyCares if you want to do this.

I agree it should be an easy transition, but I've always heard you can just make a new free account and they will gladly move everything over for you.

I'm not specifically decided to leave Facebook at this point, but I would like to have as many connected services independent so that my choice will not be based on them.

Edit: Took half an hour. I'd recommend it to everyone. They were super helpful. When it was done, my iPhone deleted all the downloaded songs (about 40GB worth). I had saved a bunch of stuff and forgot about it, so this was good. I can always download again. Lost access to a few albums though. Not sure what that's about. I can get them back with the local music trick. Gotta redo that for the stuff I'd done it with. Some old Nightwish, Yuki Kajiura stuff. Stuff that isn't on Spotify.
I want to connect to musicians, but why do I need to do it through Facebook?
For everyone looking, this is the correct answer. The article doesn't include this. So it must be different for Android. On iOS, where AP tells us to look, is only for WiFi speakers. Bluetooth speakers must be added as per above. AP generally ignores iOS idiosyncrasies, as a rule. They are, after all, an Android focused blog, not a Google one. (I'm a fan of Google services who owns an iPhone 6s, and an avid reader of AP. Frankly there's nothing like them on the iOS side. My bias is Android, but I like the phone I have.)
Cool, thanks. I didn't know it was a rough draft... maybe it said, I just saw the opening and flipped through the middle a bit.
I'm an Atheist. I don't 'believe' he did or did not exist. I'm sure there were plenty of people with that name, and quite possibly one who was crucified. I don't concern myself with facts around the issue.

For me, Atheism is like your interest in futbol (international soccer) if you're an American who isn't interested in sports at all. Whether Jesus existed or not is about as relevant to me as the stats of a given player from Argentina. I simply do not care.
The main two characters are Kirito from Season 1 and Sinon, a new character introduced for this arc. The antagonist is someone who was retconned into Season 1 (they weren't actually present, you didn't miss them). The other characters from Season 1 are mostly spectating from Agil's bar in-game.

As others have said, the English version is now on Netflix.
You can buy it at Amazon, I believe, but unlike the Blu-ray, you have to choose Japanese or English audio (the former including subtitles). You don't get a discount if you buy both. But then you can watch it online. 

Don't support piracy sites. They're making millions on ads, some of which might harm your computer, and none of that goes back to content creators.
I don't think that's a realistic possibility. I've never seen someone say their friend, classmate, son/daughter, niece/nephew, or grandchild was killed by gun violence and yet, they're opposed to gun control. 

Liberals keep presenting the number of kids gunned down in shootings and asking how many it will take. The gun supporters fire back and say the dead don't trump their rights, but it seems like the number is one. Just one child they love and now they're for gun control. 

There are probably a few, though, and I'm sure Fox News loves them, I just haven't seen any.
Sticking to the cartoons and not the sequels or live action stuff... Most of em, actually. Outside the golden age (Little Mermaid to Lion King) and some of the classics, and a few outliers like Frozen and Brave, they're all pretty mediocre and pander to children. 

When you've seen a few amazing anime movies, Disney just doesn't add up, except when they're at their best. And when you consider the best animation award is just handed to Disney by default, it tends to colour their efforts a certain way.
Probably should try to get a toy (plastic or better yet foam) wrench (spanner) so she can whack Ed cosplayers upside the head (with permission of course, cosplay != consent and all that) and have it be safe. You can *probably* carry a real wrench into a cosplay, it's not a bladed weapon nor is it a firearm, but it's a dangerous implement and she does use it (sort of) as a weapon, so I wouldn't chance it. Plus, Winry often carries an oversized wrench (which would not be used on automail; wrenches like that are usually for working on tractors or other large scale equipment) and that would be hard for anybody but maybe Armstrong to carry around, so better to have a good looking foam one.
That would be sexual assault. However, it's highly unlikely she would actually get pregnant.

If you did manage to get her pregnant, it would probably be handled the same way legally as a rape pregnancy. Her choice whether to keep it or not and you could be on the hook for child support if she does.
Fans of the first season of the anime .*hack*.

The second season changed the art style, got rid of all but one character (maybe two), the games mostly sucked for one reason or another... the one small victory we got was that the first season more or less became the first arc of Sword Art Online, and SAO copied like half a dozen tropes from the original series, a couple of them very specific.

IDGAF, I'm an SAO fan now, but you can't mention SAO around some of them. And then the SAO fans, some of em anyway, are completely oblivious. But I mean, it's whatever, anime fans are like wrestling fans, there's a high turnover, you can't talk about what came out ten, fifteen years ago. What's here and now is original and best. Is what it is.
Dbrand, MSN, just don't combine a skin with a case without research. My Spigen case is fine with a skin, but I used an Anker battery case with a skin and my phone got stuck! Literally had to pry it out and now I have a scratch above my headphone jack.
Sounds like what happened to Gene Hackman (the actor; e.g. Crimson Tide). Man's an actual Navy vet, and not to be fucked with as some young punk found out the hard way. I'm sure it's happened with/to plenty of vets, though.
You mean the one shade darker than silver space grey of the iPhone 6s? Like MKBHD, I want matte black [every thing].
A fair point. But still, I'm not seeing rapid development from the others. And maybe there are others I didn't check that are developing faster.

Also, I don't have any problems with Apollo on my 6s. I hesitate to say this, as it doesn't mean shit, it just shows where I'm coming from.
Looking at the differences, I see a lot of perspective changes, and the anime seems to take a more optimistic view of Tokyo. Which makes sense as the film is about people who dream about another life, and they're teenagers. So not only does it fit, the animation works for the film in a way a live action film could not. Certainly Shinkai and the rest of them could have made a live action movie. Aside from the comet, it's all pretty straightforward. It's not like Parasyte or Death Note or Attack on Titan or Fullmetal Alchemist where you need a ton of special effects to get your point across (all anime series that have had live action adaptations that, for better or worse, worked). It's a story about two people who fall in love. But they chose to go with animation, I think not because they were forced into that choice, but because it was simply more appropriate. Honestly I can't wait to see what JJ "Lens Flare" Abrams does with his adaptation, but he's got some big shoes to fill as this version is my favourite film ever.
You guys keep crapping on him for not getting an update out, but I went and looked up Reddit apps on the App Store. A bunch of them, including BaconReader, Beam, and Narwhal, have also not been updated in the last 2–3 months (not counting TestFlight which I wouldn't know about, as you have to be invited).

If you want constant Reddit app updates, switch to Android. iOS Reddit apps have only been great recently and that's due to Readder and Apollo. Before they were just "okay." I came from Android in 2016, and for whatever you may feel about one platform vs the other, the Reddit development scene on Android is on fire. IMO, Sync is your best bet, followed by BaconReader (which is not the same as iOS BaconReader; same devs, different team, different app basically). Others disagree and their points are valid as hell. Because the choices over there are just that. damn. good.
She kind of does, and if you don't understand that (another way to put 8 year old is "third grader"), I can't really continue this conversation as I'm assuming you haven't finished the Mother's Rosario arc, so I would ask that you do that first or confirm that you have before I can answer that.

In any case, she does have stunted speech, there's a reason why, and her English VA Erica Mendez handles it amazingly well. If the Japanese VA doesn't, I would say that's a point to the English dub (I have heard, however, that they do, because it's kind of an important point.)
No, he wasn't dual wielding with Liz, that's a good point!

Maybe the image is from Progressive? Don't they follow a different timeline? 
I don't follow DB, but I know HeroAca. That is a good dub. And some new voices from what we're used to, with some old ones we know and love. Deku's and Todoroki's VAs have been very responsive on Twitter (my wife follows them). And I like Monica Rial.
I don't disagree about better widescreen formats, but 16:9 is the compromise. Plenty of movies do it and now TV does too. Something's wider? Great.

I think TVs can be made at whatever aspect ratio now, but for the costs to get down, they have to be mass produced. 18:9 is the new thing in phones. The iPhone X, the Samsung Galaxy S8/Note 8/S9, and a bunch of others. I'm not sure if the lack of 21:9 TVs is due to lack of demand (y'all not being vocal enough about it) or if TV makers have ran the numbers and decided it wouldn't be worth it. I'd love to see them on the market and may the best format win. Of course, you can also get a silver screen and projector, and literally have a home theater. Projectors aren't cheap, I think they start at around $800-1000 USD for good ones that will project the size and fidelity you want (they also eat a lot of power). But you can project not only Hollywood movies, but TV, video games, anime, the web, whatever. It's just HDMI. At least in the consumer space.

VHS was a fucking nightmare. Most VCRs would stretch the video to 4:3 regardless, and I think early DVD players did it as well. So if you wanted movies in "widescreen," which was considered abnormal, as opposed to "fullscreen," which was a friendly name for "pan & scan" (zoom in on the frame to 4:3, and pan back and forth as necessary), they would print black bars on the screen, to allow it to play properly (as opposed to stretch, which nobody wanted). So the movie would appear to play in widescreen. But it was just a 4:3 frame cropped down. So what happens when you play that on a widescreen TV? Well, first of all you get the black bars on the sides, because that VCR is outputting a 4:3 image. Basically black bars all around. DVD players were a little smarter, but not by much. They could be told to zoom (default; remember, DVDs came out before HDTVs and certainly before HDTVs really took over), but a lot of them would just stretch a movie. Anamorphic widescreen was a big thing for a while, where the DVD and/or player was smart enough to adapt the frame to the TV. Now, I'm not 100% sure about all this. I didn't... research it. Lived through it. If you're interested in the history, there have got to be better sources than my memory.
Sure. *When it works*, it's faster than the card. I almost never use it if there's a line though, because the line won't begrudge me for using the card, but if I use my phone and it doesn't work, then I'm a hipster Apple (I meant asshole, but okay Apple, you can have that autocorrect) who wasted their time.
I get that. And charging for videos is fine. Like I said, some people use Patreon. The thing is, Patreon isn't dishonest about what it is. I say Patreon, you kinda know what to expect. Unlocked came out as this fan inclusive community, and next thing you know they're begging for money. It's just trashy, because that was never part of the initial pitch. Maybe they're up front about it now, I'm not sure, but I was one of the first members when it opened, and the whole pitch was that it was a community run by voice actors, and one had to invite you, and then you had to do this cute interview with a bot on Facebook Messenger. 

Also, with Patreon, usually the fans who can't pay get the videos eventually. Unlocked never actually *unlocks* the videos.
I disagree. 16:9 is the perfect widescreen ratio. If you had your wider TV, most content would have pillar boxes, the black bars on the sides, and I think those are worse. Worse still is when it's part of the picture like how letterboxed VHS tapes were (the black bars were part of the picture to fill the 4:3 ratio required by some TVs). 16:9 is a perfect compromise. Filmmakers can't agree on a wide ratio anyway.
Could it be fan art of the snow mountain on floor 55? I'm not sure exactly when this was in the anime (the quest with Liz?) but I have two Weiß Schwarz cards called "Kirito - Snow Mountain on Floor 55" (one from the first trial deck, and one from the first set... and by one I think I have a playset (4) of each). They're not good cards so they've been in my binder ever since I replaced them, but this makes me think of that. I don't have scans of them, else I'd share those. Maybe this is just a cooler version of that?

Oh, and the first SAO set, S20 series, was just based on the original SAO series. Nothing from SAO 2, so no Sinon, no Yuuki, no Death Gun, etc. Only Aincrad and Fairy Dance.
For me, it's all about character. I've never seen a sub where a Japanese VA stood out to me. They all sound the same, because I don't know Japanese. I love the language and I think it's beautiful, but since I don't know it, one Japanese speaker doesn't sound much different from the next.

Now, English VAs. Edward Elric, Fullmetal Alchemist. Vic Mignogna basically IS Ed. I know the Japanese VA is not some small time VA, she's well known among Japanese VAs, but to not hear Vic as Ed is just not right. Vic made the character what he is, and that's part of the problem I had with the live action movie. It's not just the look, it's everything Vic brought to the table. His wild personality made the character.

Another example, Yuuki from Sword Art Online II, the last six episodes. Yes, *that* girl. I really can't say much because I don't want to spoil what is arguably the best arc of the show, but when you learn what's really going on, the way she talks makes a lot of sense. And that's something the Japanese VA might do, too, but it would be lost in translation. Basically, she's a teenage girl who talks like an 8 year old. And you can write that out in the subs, like "Whaddaya want?" instead of "What do you want?" but to hear Erica Mendez say it in a language I understand, it really sells the character.

I can't knock Japanese VAs, but I'm 38 and I'm gonna use that as an excuse to not go out and learn Japanese. Instead, what I'm gonna do is continue to support legal streaming (I pay for Funimation, Netflix, and Amazon Prime) and buy English releases as I'm able.
Yeah, but fuck Unlocked, they're basically a worse YouTube that charges for views. They should just use YouTube. Or do something else. I mean, Monica Rial is doing Patreon. If you sign up as her patron, you get her videos as she posts them, but you pay her a buck or two per video for the privilege. If you don't, you get them a month later. Lots of content creators do that. So when I see some VA is on Unlocked and that's the only way to watch their interview or whatever... I dunno, I just think it's shady. I mean, they're charging for what is basically or what could be free. They exist to make a simple thing complicated that has no reason to be. Unless the VA is that hard up for money, and I don't want to see them as beggars, so I generally ignore whenever they mention it. (First time I've seen it mentioned on Reddit.)
If they post in English though, it's kind of self defeating. We all bleed red, we're both going to be buried in the same size grave, and we're both speaking English, so STFU about Japanese being the superior language — is my reasoning. I mean, if you wanna learn Japanese, go do that. Otherwise, you're a weeb and you make us all look bad. If you got the choice of languages, watch in your native language, or watch in another language with subtitles, but don't shit on people who just wanna watch it normally (what is normal to them, their native language). Common sense and all.
I had to skim the topic, because a couple months ago I decided to start living a dream of mine. "Dungeons & Dinner & Dragons." I serve dinner and we play D&D. I'm a shit DM (I'm learning, though) and they're both new players, and we get side tracked a lot. I like to think I make up for it by cooking. Well, I'm no chef, I'm just a home cook, and I've made a couple mistakes. It has been suggested to me that rather than cooking each and every time, we rotate who's responsible for food. So, the experiment may need some refinement. Fortunately, I see nothing in the replies about my own cooking, so that is good.

So as to stay on topic, when she was about 10 or 11, my stepsister made Kraft Macaroni & Cheese, and missed the drain step. That is, she added the butter, the milk, and the cheese powder to the still boiling elbow noodles. Most of the water had boiled down, but still, it was kind of bad, but we ate it because we were kids and we all loved mac & cheese (most kids do).

Skimming other replies, I've been fairly lucky. Cooking has not been a strong suit in my family, which has driven my passion for cooking, but I don't cook fancy, I cook comfort food. I go for taste, not presentation.
I wish I could remember more about my first character. I don't wanna steal your thunder though, that's an awesome tat! But I don't agree that your first character is a projection of yourself. Rather, I was 12 and my first character was sort of my ideal. He was actually based on Angus Young of AC/DC, at least appearance wise. He was a cleric and a fighter, 6 of one and 8 of the other, but I forget which he was more invested in. Probably fighter. He was raised a cleric and his father was a legendary cleric, but he left home to fight in a war with his best friend, whose father was a legendary sorcerer, and has a similar background (dual class sorcerer and fighter). Personality wise he's not based on Young, nor was my friend's character's personality based on Lawrence Fishburne, who he was modeled after. Big black guy who, based on how he looks at you, could be your best friend or your worst nightmare. Honestly I love the hell outta both characters. I've actually been meaning to write a book about their exploits for nearly three decades. We were basically playing AD&D 2e, but we weren't following the rules (LOL, THAC0) very closely, and the world was our own, not a preexisting setting like Faerun or whatever they had back then (though, he was a big fan of the Dragonlance books).

It's funny now that I think about it... my most recent double-digits-leveled character, a rogue thief from 5e, got to level 12, now he was a reflection of me... and a reflection of how I play Elder Scrolls and Fallout games. In Elder Scrolls, I'm always a Bosmer (wood elf) archer, and in Fallout I'm always a spec-ops (sneaky bastard) rifleman, favouring medium to long range rifles (Lincoln's Repeater in Fallout 3, and Overseer's Guardian in Fallout 4, to be specific). When I hear of truly unique and creative builds, I'm envious, because my builds are so basic... and optimised for metagaming. I mean, we all know sneak attack is broke as a joke, and with Xanathar's, there's the rogue scout who can use half his movement as a reaction and not incur attack of opportunity, so he can stick and move, and if he can get a familiar or a party member's familiar within melee, he still gets sneak attack... rogues are straight up nasty. I guess they all got advantages and I should play more classes... but I guess the tactician is my main guy for the most part.
Thanks for the clarification. I've never watched these award ceremonies. Aside from excluding good films and some stupid ones winning, the whole ceremonial thing just doesn't interest me. And in this generation, it should matter a lot less. If we all put our ratings of movies into something like IMDb, or Trakt, my choice (IMDb only gets some of my ratings, IMDb gets them all, though ideally they'd both get all), and there was a way to match up with someone with similar ratings and see what they rate highly that we haven't seen yet, I think that would be a far better metric of what we're gonna like. How relevant is it what a bunch of rich old Hollywood types pick out of such a limited selection? All that tells me is what a bunch of people I'm nothing like enjoyed. It doesn't mean anything to me. The best film I saw last year was a Japanese movie called *Kimi no Na wa.*, and it wasn't even *considered*. I'm pretty sure it's a better movie than the winner (Best Picture). Now, I don't expect 100% of people to agree with me (or even 100% of the people who see this comment). I expect some people will not like *Kimi no Na wa.* at all. And that's fine, those people probably like things I don't, and that's my point — I want to connect with people who like the same things I do when I want to discover movies I haven't seen yet. But more than that, I want to connect with people who only like *some* of the same things I like, so there's a *chance* I'll like the movies they like. I'd like to see something give me a list of movies and shows I'll like based on such probability. That is worth a thousand, a million, infinitely times more to me than the Oscars and Emmys.
Same reason nice girls don't go for nice guys?

There were a few nice girls I knew growing up. I couldn't tell you why I overlooked them. One even hit on me. Well, I wasn't looking for a relationship until I was in my 20s. Didn't even try to get laid in middle/high school. Dunno why. I guess my brother was doing it and I didn't want to emulate him.
Are Oscars for theatrically-released movies only? He might not be completely full of it if so. Netflix movies are TV movies, and if that's what he's saying, he isn't wrong. However, 50+" TVs are common and affordable now, so we can get a better-than-theatrical experience at home now. Theater screens are bigger, but you sit farther back. If you're watching at home, you can get a bigger perspective from a big living room TV, plus you can pause the movie to take a leak. The only advantage the theater has today is time, being able to see a movie before your friends.

Considering Spielberg is about to drop a blockbuster later this week, I think he's free to say pretty much whatever about the movies industry and tangently related industries for a little while.
Not really. I'd like to think in SAO's year, they're a little more progressive with regards to gender. Plus, not only is Asuna a better swordsman than Kirito, Yuuki is as well, and she beat him. (I wanna say Asuna's beaten him too, but I'm not sure.)

Kirito's good, but he isn't undefeated. (Heathcliff beat him on-screen, for one.) Yuuki however, retired undefeated, and she fought both Kirito and Asuna in standard duels.
Not given enough screen time IMO. I realise they didn't have room, but I'd have liked to see more of the Cait Sith, and other clans/guilds, whatever they were called.
When I first got my iPhone 6s, I had Apple Maps go up against Google Maps on my wife's Android phone. Google Maps won. It was better in every way. Interface was nicer, and it gave better directions. I couldn't find a reason to use Apple Maps. Why would I use Apple Maps, when Google Maps is free and available on iOS?

If Google decided to be stingy and keep Google Maps Android only, that would be a compelling reason to switch. It literally is that much better. 
I don't know if there's any truth to it or not, but humans have done that and worse.

The Viking Blood Eagle. Was featured twice on the show Vikings, but they didn't invent it. Basically, Viking culture is all about honour, and manliness and so on... so they would only do this on "honoured" condemned who deserved it, because being executed was a "dishonourable" death, and you wouldn't get into Valhalla if you died dishonourably. So if you wanted to honour who you were executing, this was one of the ways to do that.

So you start out by having the condemned kneel, and they put their hands on two posts. A hatchet is used to cut away the skin of their back. The hatchet is then used to chop the ribs away from the spine. The lungs are then taken out and draped over the condemned's chest. I think one or both of the lungs is punctured, accelerating death, otherwise it's basically blood loss, I think.

What's truly fucked about this is, if the condemned screams or cries out at any point, per Viking beliefs, you don't get into Valhalla. So the condemned usually doesn't scream. Because they know that if they do, they're denied their heaven.
Well, that probably wouldn't be the worst way to die. I mean, we could go all day at this, but to beat that alone, there's the brass bull. Brazen bull? Something like that. It's a brass bull that opens up and is locked from the outside. The condemned is placed inside, and there are only two holes, other than the entry point, which is well sealed. The holes are the nostrils of the bull. A fire is then lit under the belly of the bull, causing the entire thing to heat up. There are no safe places to sit. You're basically fucked, and death is a combination of your skin burning off as it makes contact with the heated metal, and loss of air as it gets hard to breathe. Anyway, they don't stop with the fire, they pretty much just let it burn. There's no reprieve, and the reason it has the holes for the nose is, the smoke from your burning flesh is eventually pushed out the nose of the bull, making it look like it's snorting smoke.

There are a lot of similarly fucked ways to die, but for worst, I'm gonna go straight to vivisection. Dissecting a person while they're still alive, and special care is given to ensure they live through as much of it as possible. So generally the procedure is designed to be as painful and as prolonged as possible. Now imagine all the people who want to be visited by aliens... aliens might do this to us to learn more about us. And they won't even know what you're saying, or that your screams of protest aren't cries of pleasure!
Take your upvotes good sir or ma'am!
I hide my birthday on Facebook and see who remembers besides my wife and my mother. Usually they're the only ones.

I use it as an excuse to take my wife out for dinner or cook for her (and choose the place or the meal).
I've been to NYC twice and I've never been by Empire State. Hard to miss though. I've definitely seen it. My good friend from Long Island was our tour guide both times, and recommended Top of the Rock (Rockefeller building/plaza) as it was similar but cheaper at like $35 a person. But it was a great experience. If you can get to NYC, it's a heck of an experience if you don't mind paying (and you're not scared of heights!).

If you do mind paying, check out Battery Park and the war memorial, Times Square, and of course Central Park! I love Central Park. And when you get hungry, go to the corner of 53rd and 6th and get in the longest line. It will be the correct one. When you get to the cart (it won't be long), tell the man you want the chicken and rice dish. Take the white sauce he gives you, but don't open it. You save that for later. Go around back and pump the white sauce from there, and don't be conservative with it. That stuff is amazing. When I was there last it was $6. It's probably not much more, if any. Drinks are at another cart.
First thought was, "bet they don't have 2112." Glad to be wrong! (Right side, under the crystal key.)

Can't wait for our local shop to get RP1 merch out. I have the book (the middle one, showing the stacks), I have Blade Runner. I play D&D but I don't have Tomb of Annihilation... yet.
I wish we had a D&D club in school. Middle school or high school. It's a great way to make friends. But I think the whole "D&D = Satanism" thing was still going on then, just to a lesser extent (mid to late 90s; graduated 1998) so it would have been a no go.
Good bot
There is a non-zero chance, yes.

Comic books and the like are the most likely. I thought there was a ThunderCats/Masters of the Universe crossover recently. But, I don't follow comics. Might have to ask at my local comics shop (I go there to play cards). I mean, it would be fun to read and cool to own.

I'd love to see a video game. There were a few crappy ones in the 80s that did not do very well. I mean I would like to see a modern one, a feature/AAA title that people get excited about, whether they watched the cartoons or not (the latter because "it just looks really cool").

They were going to do a movie, but after *Speed Racer* did not perform to expectations, the idea was shelved. Fans are really cruel when it comes to adaptations, too, whether the adaptation was good or not. Especially anime fans, which ThunderCats wasn't, but still, with all these anime adaptations coming out and the fans' response, it's really going to hurt the chances of a ThunderCats movie. Then again, the Transformers movies have been profitable, and I think the GI Joe movies were as well, so there's a chance on that front.
I don't think Avril thought that much about it. That said, I never really thought the lyrics added up quite right, either, for some of the reasons you gave. I just really like the hook.

However, if you think Avril's being unnecessarily shallow to a girl who was shallow in high school, listen to her song 'Girlfriend.' Shallow girls are a common theme in Avril's songs, and I think it's meant to be ironic. That is, yes the Avril character in Sk8er Boi is shallow, lashing out at a girl who made a mistake and now has a less than ideal life... but that's not Avril herself. She's writing about girls like that because she's above it.

Or, you know, maybe she's the girl who missed out, which is ironic because she's the one who has the successful music career.

Interesting how now 'boi' means a girl who is boy-like, or sometimes a trans man or cross-dresser (I'm not really sure, to be honest). I don't think Avril meant it in that context, I think she was just being clever with the spelling (like Sk8er). I think she fully meant boy.

Or... maybe she IS the Sk8er Boi, and she meant Boi unironically, and was actually ahead of that trend, and she's the one who had a boyfriend (not girlfriend) who thought he (not she) was too good for her, and now she's with someone worthy of her. Gender flips happen all the time in music... one of my favourite bands, Nightwish, have a male songwriter but a female singer. And they write songs about boys and boyhood and whatnot, but to have a woman sing them and not flip the genders, it's kind of weird, but not really. And then when Sheryl Crow covered Guns n' Roses' Sweet Child o' Mine, she flipped the genders, even though the Guns n' Roses song was not about a child, and the movie the Sheryl Crow song was made for (Adam Sandler's Big Daddy) was... so her flipping the gender was both necessary, and creepy.... she had to because the movie was about a little boy, but since the original song was about a love interest... yeah. So I mean, gender flipping is a thing, and it doesn't always work, but it's possible that's what Avril did, and that she, in fact, is the Sk8er Boi.

We may never know. But it's interesting to think about.
Skyrim is one of my favourite games. I have a hard time getting into Witcher games. That said, I think it depends upon what kind of gamer you are.

Skyrim, like other Bethesda games, is pretty easy to pick up and play and do whatever you want. The Witcher games have a steep learning curve, and combat is tricky. The first boss in Witcher 2 for example, it's like a QTE without prompts. You have to do very specific things in a very specific order, and if you screw up, you die. Skyrim doesn't really have boss enemies as such, and while the Alduin fight is structured (cast specific spell, then attack), it's a lot less so. You can make mistakes. You can really do the fight however you like, you just need that one spell — shout, actually — to stun him. Then the actual damage is up to you, whether you go melee, ranged, or magic. 

That's Witcher 2 though. I've seen but haven't played a boss fight in 3, it might be the first? Hippogriff? Brother in law threw everything he had at it and barely put a scratch in it. Of course, he was playing it wrong. You see, a Witcher is basically a monster hunter. The point of the game is to research monsters, figure out the best way to kill them, and then go and do so. There's probably a potion to make and drink, a ritual to perform, etc. Also, you have two swords, and one of them is always wrong. Silver for magical beings, steel for the rest — I think. So you can't just rush in and kick a monster's ass. It's... weird. 

So again, it depends on the kind of gamer you are? Some gamers like to put work in, and read stuff, and do stuff I consider mundane. Those gamers will enjoy Witcher 3 more. And honestly I'm a little jealous. I wish I could be that kind of gamer, sometimes. And yet here I am playing Fallout 4 for who knows how many times. It's not a hard game, but I get something out of it.
I say *I’m gonna hit the head*. It's a Navy thing. I've never served in any navy, I just like it. I mean, *Star Trek* gets its rank structure and I think some other things from the US Navy, so it probably follows from that, as a lifelong Trekker. I don't even know why they call the bathroom or the toilet the head. It just sounds cool.
I can't wait for the cards! I play Weiß Schwarz, and I run a couple of SAO decks. I collect all the cards though, and I just traded up to four binders (from two) so hopefully all the GGO Alternate and Alicization cards fit. I leave room for all the cards, including the signed ones, in case I get lucky, so there are a lot of holes.

So right now the cards cover SAO Aincrad, Fairy Dance, GGO, Excalibur, Mother's Rosario, and Ordinal Scale. I don't think anything that's been animated is left out. Or any main characters that I can think of. Well, I haven't seen a card for that big elephant-like beast in the Excalibur arc... that might be the biggest omission. But one of the big climax cards for both yellow and blue is "Quest to Get Excalibur," so the short arc is definitely represented.

And there's a bunch of Yuuki, too, though not enough for a waifu deck (I've tried). I run an Asuna waifu deck for fun, with only cards featuring Asuna. To run a Yuuki deck, you almost certainly need Asuna as well, and since you're running green (Yuuki), there are some good Leafa (also green) cards you can grab while you're at it, and some of the cards that support Yuuki also support Asuna (like the Sleeping Knights cards, at least one of them). And then there's the card with both of them (both doing the peace sign, of course).And green also includes Yuna from Ordinal Scale, including an event card that basically lets you say no to any one attack you like (it's the scene where she's shielding the party).

It's a fun game. SAO is their biggest draw, too, and some of the other players don't like the attention given to SAO. SAO has some killer decks out there, and I run one of them competitively (Switch combo). It's based on Kirito and Asuna, with Yuuki and Leafa in support roles. The other big one I know about (Last Shot) is Sinon-focused. If you like the anime/movie, and you like all the artwork for it, consider joining us, though I'll admit both trial decks are out of print and hard to find. The SAO II trial deck is also kinda shit (it's Kirito/Death Gun, and the Death Gun cards are kinda stupid, plus nobody likes him anyway). The original trial deck is pretty good. I have both of them, but they're broken down and mixed in with my other cards (and possibly in the decks I run). The only booster packs available are for Re:Edit (which is just a reprinting, it covers all five arcs) and Ordinal Scale. We're all hoping SAO III brings with it a third trial deck, so new people can get into it again. Or GGOA, though I'm more interested in SAO III at this point (because I know the characters... and as a Weiß player... as an SAO fan, I'm excited for both!).
SOA = Sons of Anarchy? LOL. I do that all the time.

I became a fan of Yuki Kajiura after seeing .hack//SIGN. It's kind of ironic she does SAO, too. Except with .hack//SIGN, she did the OP/ED, whereas SAO has LiSA (and someone else? Not sure). Would be a real riot if Kajiura could cameo a couple of the .hack tracks. I guess they can't do that, different companies and whatnot (I think? I don't know). Might be a little too... on the nose, I guess.
Women wear their pants higher than men, I believe. A man will generally pull his pants just up to his waist, giving his sack room to swing. Though some men will pull them up all the way. I'm not talking about sagging. That's below the waist. A woman however will pull her pants all the way up over her hips, so the bottom of her vulva is against the bottom of the crotch of the jeans. Usually there's a seam there they can wiggle against for some discreet fun times; this is called riding the seam. Anyway, to answer the question, this puts their pockets higher up. And as others have said, they take the phone out before sitting down.
I think they're only the one release, but it's in three or four sets. I don't have it though.
Oh, I can too, every photo I've taken since the mid-90s. That I've digitised anyway. And it's searchable.
That's what guys say. Girls say something about losing your spot, but I can't quite remember what the first part was... maybe someone else wants the karma and will say it...
How are people seeing the movie a week early? Are there already pirated copies out there? I'm waiting for release day because I want to actually see it in a theater, not some shitty cam copy.

I've read the book, so I don't care so much about the RL spoiler thing. I know all about it and I think it's BS. I wonder if the movie gets around it in another way or if it's just lazy advertising.
I've only played 5e with guys as a player, except one time my wife and our host's girlfriend played once. Neither returned, unfortunately.

As a DM, I only have two players, but I have a guy and a girl, and it's cool.

When I was a kid playing AD&D 2e, we had a girl in our group. Because my DM was a sexist pig, he would only let her be our secretary, which she accepted (she was 6, we were 13, so she was also a little kid to us). But I pushed for her to have a character of her own and eventually he relented, and it was a lot of fun.

Best of luck to your group. I haven't seen enough to say one sex/gender is better at/for the game than the other, but I would like to see more ladies get playing.
I used to be more in favour of gun rights (I live in the US). I still do believe in the Second Amendment in general, but now I'm not so sure on the specifics.

With every major shooting, the anti-gun crowd would ask "when is it enough?" and the pro-gun crowd would shout back, "your dead don't trump our rights." I think for me, Sandy Hook was the beginning of "it's finally enough," but the Florida shooting was basically the final straw. The pro-gun guys aren't solving shit, and on top of that, their proverbial "good guy with a gun" shat himself and went to hide. There was a guy with a gun there. A guy with police training. And he saved exactly zero lives.

I don't believe in a gun ban, though. However, my gun friends are starting to see there's a difference. I'm not all gung-ho, pro-2A like I used to be. I'm starting to question all that. The main concern right now that I have is money. Why is the NRA throwing money at Congress to suppress and prevent gun violence *studies*? While I still believe in the Second Amendment and understand what it's for, I think there need to be some limitations on what people can buy, and certain protections that need to be in place. Honestly I don't have the answers, but I do feel Something needs to be done.

One of the first things we need to do, I think, is identify where all the pro-gun money is coming from, and then when there's a shooting, send those people a bill. Make those people put their money where their mouths are. I'm not sure that's the best answer, but it's a start. 
/r/atheism is trash. They might be Atheists (who am I to gatekeep?) but most of them just seem like sad little Christian tweens who are mad at God because they got sent to bed without dessert.

As an Atheist, I'm not bothered by you or anyone being a Christian. I see religion more like... like international football (soccer). I don't have a favourite team. I don't dislike any teams. I'm just not interested in the whole thing. I have no interest in joining a religion. I don't have anything against them. I know bad things have been done in religion's name, but I also see the charity and community they bring. In general, religion is a neutral force in my world. It does not affect me positively or negatively.

There's /r/TrueAtheism, but IMO they're not much better. Genuine _true_ Atheists really don't have a lot to talk about, because we truly don't believe, and we don't talk about what we don't believe in (unless we secretly do believe and we're frauds, but see above).
Personally I love it. I liked the first arc, but I'm of the opinion that the farther Reki Kawahara got from .hack//SIGN's tit, the better his writing got. I mean, the first arc was basically .hack//The Next Generation. Same premise, same ending, same little girl AI held up by some other AI, love interest is second in command of the guild that helps the players, etc., etc. Only now he's a Mary Sue harem leader pimp mofo instead of a mopey emo kid. But I mean, it's fun, the whole trapped in a game thing is basically just anime Tron anyway. .hack//SIGN wasn't the first (maybe the first anime) and SAO won't be the last.

But once Kawahara started writing original stories, it got better. Fairy Dance (second half of S1) was good, but flawed (and rapey). Gun Gale Online (first half of S2) was good, but different (hey, let's all play Call of Duty now, but with lightsabers because Kirito!). Excalibur (first third of second half of S2) was fucking stupid aside from the tail pulling scene. Literally the only good part. Oh, and the end. Mother's Rosario (second two-thirds of second half of S2) is the best part of SAO hands down. Main character is now Asuna, and it's about her trying to convince her mother her time online is well spent and her online friendships are real, and her growing friendship with basically a female Kirito (undefeated super swordsman), but there's a twist (all I'll say is her bandana has a hint).

Yes, it's really fucking good, if you don't care that it started out as a .hack//SIGN ripoff. I don't... honestly .hack//SIGN had better writing, but the pace was slow as shit and all they did was stand around and talk about some rumoured magic item that we never see, and hey, big twist on main girl, then big twist on main guy... then for season 2 they drop all the characters. So let's not put it on too high a pedestal. Rather, I think, .hack//SIGN, Log Horizon, SAO, Overworld, and a few others I can't be arsed to recall are all whittling away at the same basic concept. The SAO guys will piss and moan about how SAO isn't basically .hack//TNG, and yet as soon as the next one comes along, they'll say SAO did it first and be all salty. Me, I'm just thankful for all the choices we get. It's a good time to be into anime.
I've heard the quality of the DVD release doesn't quite match the DVD spec, it's so low, so putting it on Blu-ray wouldn't be necessary, since every Blu-ray player can also play DVDs.

If you mean an HD remastering that would benefit from a Blu-ray release, I don't think they're going to spend the money on that. The original series isn't in good condition and would not benefit in any way from a Blu-ray release, except for being all on one disc (due to the low bitrate).
6GB of pictures? The very first thing you should do is get Google Photos and let it back them all up for free, then you can get that 6GB back.

Alternatively if you like MS Office, you could get a subscription to Office 365. Comes with 1TB of OneDrive space, which is awesome if you use Windows 8 or later as it's integrated. Office 365 makes using Windows much better... if you like Office. But that's not free, it's $70 a year, or $20 a year per person if you can get four friends to go in on it with you ($100/year/5 people).

But yeah, 16GB phones without memory card slots are for the birds. My iPhone 6s has 128GB, and about 30GB free. My usage has been 75–100GB for a while. Mostly Spotify downloads, in the highest quality.
What phone do you have? You probably already do.

The Nintendo Switch was originally going to run Android, but Nintendo changed their minds. In fact, the Switch uses technology found in the nVidia Shield. It's not even current. That is, any Android flagship from the last couple years is more powerful than a Switch. Now I don't know how much Android has in common with the OS Nintendo ended up using, but I bet it's some Linux derivative they developed in-house, i.e. same kernel, similar driver availability. It's just a matter of Bethesda releasing Skyrim for Android. Then there's the issue of the controls. Switch doesn't have touch screen controls, AFAIK. (Does it?) It uses physical controls. So they will have to develop touch controls. Fortunately, Android is wide open when it comes to wireless controllers.

Or do you have an iPhone? iPhones are more powerful than Androids, and in fact Android flagships are just now catching up to the 2015 and 2016 iPhones (6s and 7). It's apples and oranges, you can't really compare them directly, and there are probably a couple areas where the 2018 Android flagships actually beat the 2016 iPhone. The problem is RAM. iPhones only have 1-3GB of RAM, depending on the model. But fortunately iPhones only run at 720p for the medium and small ones, and 1080p for the big ones and the X. Also, third party controller support is basically shit.

tl;dr if you have a smartphone from the last couple years, it has the potential to run Skyrim if only Bethesda would port it. Which at this point is probably a when rather than an if.
I can't fault the iPhone 7, but I have the 6s, so neither the 7, nor the 8, is a worthwhile update for me. The 6s still works great. And it has a headphone jack, not that I use it, but I'm not sure I'd want to give it up for a bump in processing speed, though I do love the solid state home button, and of course the Plus has a better camera.

I can't say I wouldn't trade for a 128GB 7 Plus (matching my storage space), but I wouldn't pay for one. Well, I might pay a little.  But not much. I like what I got.
Also sleigh of hand instead of sleight of hand. Wasn't looking, just spotted it on a skim
"We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Sahara. Certainly those unborn ghosts include greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton. We know this because the set of possible people allowed by our DNA so massively exceeds the set of actual people. In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here. We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?"There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one. And that whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved."

—Tuomas Holopainen, *The Greatest Show on Earth*

It's a Nightwish song, it's on Spotify, but be warned as it is 24 minutes long, but an absolute joy. Maybe just look up the full lyrics. Tuomas is the composer and keyboardist of the band, and he's kind of a mad genius. The "endless forms most beautiful" bit near the end is from or paraphrased from Darwin, upon whom the entire album is based, and in fact that's the name of the album (*Endless Forms Most Beautiful*).
Yeah, we get it, it isn't new.

I played the game on or very shortly after release way back in 2016, noticed this, came to Reddit and searched the sub, and there were already like a dozen threads about it. I didn't think I was the first to discover it or anything, but I had a slim hope no one had posted about it yet. Not only had they, they had ad nauseam, and there was nothing left to say.
My iPhone 6s and I are perfectly happy with the current version. I have a use case which necessitates two Reddit apps. So I also have the second best Reddit client for iOS, but even I use it, it's not Apollo so I miss this one.

iOS is version 11 and Android is version 8, does that mean we can finally place an icon below or to the right of an empty space? No? The number doesn't matter. We're basically all iPhone users here in the Apollo sub; I'd wager our choice of mobile OS isn't the version number being higher, or in any case its relation to another version number.
Reading the replies and the reasonings, it's sad. I like trans people. I think they're brave, and I think it's amazing, even as a straight and cis white guy, who is also a dyed in the wool Trekker, that we are at a point where we *can* change someone's physical sex if their gender identity doesn't match it. You can't lump all men or all women in the same boat anyway. 

Anyway, you just have to be patient. Realise that they don't expect compassion from you, and offer it genuinely and accept scepticism. Let them know that they do have allies.
Yeah, somehow I don't think Lion-O would decapitate Mumm-ra. He'd rather imprison him, or turn him, or destroy the forces corrupting him. I'd like to believe that Mumm-ra was once good or at least just neutral, and the ancient spirits of evil twisted him to the dark side and continue to stoke that fire, and if that connection could be severed, he could just go away.
Weiß Schwarz — /r/WeissSchwarz — a Japanese trading card game, similar to Magic: The Gathering, but with anime. Each player builds a deck limited to cards from one anime series. You can't mix cards from different series, though there are some exceptions, for example *Sword Art Online* is compatible with *Sword Art Online 2* (the second season, but anime often treats second seasons as new shows) and *Sword Art Online: Ordinal Scale*, but none of them are compatible with *Accel World*, which is a similar series by the same author.

My wife got into it when she saw an *Attack on Titan* trial deck at our local game store. I was there for D&D, and she saw something that interested her. So she purchased the trial deck and started learning the rules. We were at Animazement (anime convention in Raleigh NC) that year, and they had a panel on how to play, and she couldn't make the first half, so I went to take notes. The game is kind of complicated, but I tried my best. I ended up finding a deal on Amazon for the *Sword Art Online* trial deck and four booster packs (retail for $5 each) for $40. Since trial decks range from $15-25, it was a fair deal, especially since a lot of the SAO stuff was/is out of print.

Almost a year later, I just bought four card binders, one for each of the four colours of the game (yellow, blue, green, and red) and I have a *Sword Art Online* backpack on the way with the two best girls (Asuna and Yuuki) on it. It looks like a kids' backpack for sure, but it matches the theme of the game I play, so it's all good. I have a *Fallout* backpack I've been using for D&D stuff and WS stuff, and alternating stuff, so it'll be nice to have a bag for each and not have to swap.

Never really wanted to get into cards because it's so expensive, but I only do *one set*. I can't even tell you how many my wife does. Let's see... *Attack on Titan*, *Fairy Tail*, *KonoSuba*, *Persona 5*, and she even collects Japanese-only cards (more expensive) from *A Certain Magical Index*. Oh, and she has some *Accel World* cards, too, maybe just the trial deck though. And *Gurren Lagann* is coming out this summer, and she's getting into that. I'm fine with just *Sword Art Online*.
USCC is also big in Eastern NC. Before Verizon came here in 2014, if you had problems with your phone, people would say, "you don't have US Cellular, do you?" in the same tone they'd ask if you liked a team other than the Tar Heels or if you like your iced tea unsweetened. Like there's something on your face. And some people still swear by them. Me, I bailed as soon as I could and brought my wife over 2 years later, and it's been smooth sailing since.

It's not that US Cellular is bad here; quite the opposite, they're probably at least the second best carrier in Beaufort and Pitt Counties. If you never leave those counties, it's fine, it's just if you do, you're gonna have a bad time, and Verizon's about the same price, so why would you limit yourself? Everywhere we go, we have great coverage (with Verizon) except in areas where no one has coverage. Verizon's politics might really fucking suck, but I'm sticking with them for the coverage.
This is absolutely what it's doing, though I have no idea what's triggering it. /u/Overlord6190 consider going into settings and disabling the automatic switch to tablet mode. I forget what the actual setting is, but you can have it automatic or manual, and I'm pretty sure you can put it in the action center.

I just toggled tablet mode, and my status bar did the same thing, except the icons switched places. But the spacing, it's wider in tablet mode.
I don't have a strong opinion, and I flat out asked my wife and she was just as unsure. We're in our 30s, but we met online in a forum.

Going from that, I'm gonna say it depends on the individual. I'd say if you see it like something that isn't real, like looking at porn, or playing an adult video game, it's fine. My wife and I both consume adult entertainment separately, and neither of us are threatened by the other (though we joke about it). But mileage with that may vary from couple to couple. As always, the best answer is simply communication.
They're using possessive (it's, like Sam's). But that is incorrect. "It's" is never a possessive. If you're saying "It's happening," you're not saying "it's happening TO it," you're saying "it is happening."

Sometimes reporters and journalists have poor grammar. If it's a pattern, they're probably not taken very seriously by their peers, and shouldn't be taken seriously by readers, either.
Coworker. No friends in common, but we both use the same computer. She used IE and surprisingly had the good sense to sign out, and I used Portable Chrome. So not even the same browser, though I suspect that doesn't matter. Geolocation, not cookies.

I have a strict no coworker policy on Facebook. One of us changes jobs, it's different. I'll add a former coworker in a heartbeat... and unfriend them just as fast if they come back or I do. Use LinkedIn for that shit (I don't even have a LI account, but if I did, that's what I'd use it for).
Actually yes. :( I run SAO, and I know that at the end of your turn, if you have "Childhood Asuna" on your field, you check the top card of your deck and if it's level 0 or Climax, "Childhood Asuna" goes to waiting room... but I always forget if it's level 0 or Climax it stays, or goes, or if it's a top check or mill. Same thing with "Asuna Lies on the Sofa" or whatever it's called. Check top of deck, if it's not an avatar/net card it goes to clock; if not, it goes to waiting room. I think. Yes. I get confused. I forget. And that's my easy deck. I also have a switch deck, and yes I read the hell out of those cards because order of operation is a thing.

Some cards I have memorized. Like "Chickenshit Asuna." That's not the name of the card. I think it's "Asuna, Agile Start?" L1 P8000 card cannot front attack higher level card. I remember because I made a funny name for it. But then, one of my favourite cards, "Lightning Flash Asuna," L2 P8000 gets +4k when facing level 3 or higher, and +1 soul, but for some reason I think it's +1 level sometimes. Also stock shoot on reverse.

Anyway, you admitted you translate the cards at some point, so you've conceded that translation is a thing, which is all I was saying.

Are you a better WS player than I am? You might be, and I'm not afraid to admit it. Certainly not as scared as you were to admit you ever translated the cards. Dude, we play this game for fun. At least that's how we do it here.
I'm implying that without sentience, they're just machines.
But how do you do that without ever translating the card? Either translation is a step or you and your friends are just making up the rules. If translation is a step, then my earlier point stands and you're being pedantic for some reason, and if you're just making up the rules, well, more power to you.
So you use translation inserts. My local shop bans Japanese, but Raleigh (place I play occasionally) allows it. Some use translation inserts, and some we just take them at their word. I think that's kinda BS, but I don't play competitively, I play for fun. So I don't really care if somebody is cheating. I have fun win or lose.

Either way, translation is an additional step.

If you're not translating and you're not fluent in Japanese, you're not playing the game by the rules (as you don't understand them).
Another thing a lot of SAO fans don't know about Yuuki (but more do since I've been spreading it around)... her headband isn't just a sporty design. Notice the arrows are always to the right and there are always two of them. And in the games when they've retconned her death, you'll notice they changed the design.

It's because the arrows are actually the 》 symbol, which means "end quote." It's a strange quotation mark used by the Japanese. And apparently also the French? Anyway, that's why it's different in the games. Because she's no longer nearing the end of the road (or at least no more than anyone else).

Asuna's my best girl but I do love Yuuki. She's really great.

Also, this has got to be widely known, but Yuuki means brave(ry). Same reason it's Asuna's last name. It's a super common name in anime for that reason. In Boku Dake ga Inai Machi for example, the older boy who mentors the unpopular kids is nicknamed Yuki (only one U) because he gives them courage. Same thing (sort of).
So I did a thing. Kind of a bad thing. I saved this to my phone.

Few days later, I'm listening to C.h.a.o.s.m.y.t.h. by ONE OK ROCK. Decided to read the lyrics on Genius (as I've done before) and they have a feature where you can make a lyric image. I was going to just post the lyrics over the album cover or a band shot, but then I remembered this, because of the "everybody ever be buddies" line (ONE OK ROCK is Japanese, English isn't their first language).

Then I realised how the lyrics applied to Yuuki and it was like... damn. And then I realised... "yes, yes she did."

[Image](https://i.imgur.com/fLiPCO6.jpg)

For those who don't want to click, it's the line "Dream as if you will live forever, and live as if you will die today." Does that or does that not describe Yuuki?

And now I'm sad. Because that's one of their best songs and now it's Yuuki's song.

[The video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-xF2MAFw5s)
All their card scans are in Japanese though, so unless you can read it, you have the additional step of translation. Unless you just really know your deck and you know what your cards can do and you don't need the words. But that is going to severely limit your field of players.
All the top-level replies to this are getting slammed, but I'm going to reply anyway: the word you're looking for is *egalitarianism*. Feminism is the belief that women should be considered equal to men. It's oddly specific. Egalitarianism is the belief that we're all equal.
You can do this, but you'll pay for it later. She'll go, and she'll act like everything's fine, but you'll see it just beneath the surface. And that's when you know you'll pay later.

My wife and I are both planners. We both have to know what's going on.
I understand, but shouldn't Q be based on the successes and failures of P? Or can it still be, working those bug fixes in as time goes on?

Even so, if there's some great feature in Q and P isn't even out yet, isn't there something unethical about holding it back from P to release it a year later (assuming it's done)?
You may not want to be bothered by police who are asking about a crime you may or may not have witnessed because you were in the area, but at the same time, if your little girl was kidnapped, you'd want the police using every available resource. So where do you draw the line? If police can help people, shouldn't they?

I think the problem comes up — someone already said *Black Mirror*, and that's exactly it — when you're being questioned about one crime, and in order to help police solve a crime you had nothing to do with, you must implicate yourself in another, unrelated crime that they were not investigating. So they are now ethically bound to investigate that one as well. In the *Black Mirror* episode it was murder, or at least manslaughter (she killed a man in self defence, accidentally), but what if it was something more benign?
They're not equally bad, but let's throw some oranges and bring up Apple's tax evasion and child labour issues. Look, I know what sub I'm in, and I love my iPhone 6s and the Google apps that run on it. I also generally prefer Android as an OS, but feel nobody makes better phones than Apple. And that the iPhone 6s was my best bet in April 2016. I don't hate either; in fact I like both, but let's not pretend that neither of them are beholden to shareholders and won't put profits before you and me both.
Never used Tabletop Simulator, but step 1 would probably be to scan all the cards used by both players. I started scanning my SAO cards, but I've fallen way behind. And the scans don't look great. I'm using Google PhotoScan on an iPhone. Microsoft OfficeLens is a similar product that is faster, but I'm not sure it's any better. It does have better edge detection, though. I have a flatbed scanner, but it's way too slow and cumbersome. On top of all that, I don't have all the cards.
But not against other players. I've tried this feature and it feels rather pointless.
Man, I wanted to call bullshit, but XDA is generally legitimate. I just want to know what the hell Google is thinking playing with Android Q when they haven't even finished Android P. Unless Q is a separate code base, like how Honeycomb was tablets only. Maybe Android Q will be a special, set-top-only release. I don't really think Google will do that again (Honeycomb was basically a waste of resources), but that would be one reason to develop them in parallel.
I've never gotten it. Also, I meant the best ending where everyone's friendly.
It's not elusive? I thought it was a secret. I've tried to go for it a couple times but it's never worked for me. But I don't just mean the Minutemen ending where you press the button with Garvey at your side. I mean the really good ending where everyone's cool, as long as you don't talk to PAM or I think Maxson. And I think you have to get thrown out of the Institute. Bunch of hoops to jump through.

The point of no return save is a great idea, but not what I'm going for. It has merits, but the idea is to have a basis from whence to start settlement building without worrying about the main story at all.

Most of the tier 4 merchants are glitched. Most of the time I never meet them. Is there a mod that makes it so all of them can be recruited and they all just work? The unofficial patch doesn't, as far as I know.

Is it possible to get all the companions on one playthrough? I know with Danse you have to complete Blind Betrayal. With X6-88, you have to be on good terms with the Institute, but I'm not sure. Same with Deacon. Is it possible to max all three out?
Samsung was talking about doing 3D/Force Touch, but I don't think anything came of it. I agree, I really like it. Android since I think Nougat or Oreo does have long press context menus, so it has something similar in software without having the hardware for it. It might not be as good, but it's something. The custom home screen/launcher Nova Prime has the feature with more settings.
It wasn't meant to be roundabout. Your skill's way above mine (I've tried... recently got back into D&D and took a stab at sketching my character, it didn't go well). And you did capture the essence of the character, so I think that counts for something.
Survey's a bit long, but enjoyable. Good luck!
IF you don't know chess, you don't know chess. I know how to play, how the moves are made, but my strategy sucks. I have a good friend who is very good at chess. Many degrees better than I am. And I enjoy playing with him, but he wipes the floor with me.

Also, you're a beta, not an editor. You're also not the writer. Stick to proof reading and tell them to work out the plot on their own.
For a beginner, you draw better than I do (my drawing skill is a flat 0).

It's not a good drawing per se, but you've got her essence, so there's that. I've seen better fan art in terms of the artist's skill that doesn't capture the character's essence.
I think we're in the same boat. How's your 6s doing? I was getting some really bad battery performance about a month ago, but it's been fine since. While I prefer Android, I love my 6s, and I'm hoping to do the $29 battery swap by the end of the year and get at least another year out of it, if not more. I mean, I feel like I have the best of the last generation. It's 16:9, 720p, has a headphone jack, it has 128GB storage, and it looks nice. It does everything I need, and it has a good camera to boot. Also, Qualcomm is just now catching up to the Apple A9 SoC and reaching for the A10. If I wait another year, I'll get a pretty big upgrade on all fronts. If I can hold out for 2 years (like Pixel 5 generation) it should be a really awesome update regardless of who I go with.

But yes, the updates were a big factor for me, since the Android OEMs kept deferring and canceling them. Apple is really on the ball. There would be problems with Android and some OEMs would just be like, "LOL buy our next phone to get the next Android OS," and I always thought that was bullshit. Motorola did that, right after Google bought them. (In like 2012, but still, never again Motorola... ironically my wife is a die hard Motorola fangirl, it's all she uses. I wanna get her on Team Apple because she likes simplicity, but she can't wrap her head around using a phone with no back button. I've tried to enlighten her a few times, to no avail. I don't even miss it, and we get it when we need it (although it's up in the upper left corner). There's also the swipe back gesture that works when it wants.
The way the clothes seem to be digitising off of her (or on) is reminiscent of the .hack//SIGN OP, which shows people logging into the game and having their clothes digitise off and their avatars' outfits and face/body paint digitise onto them. Except ~~Yui~~ Aura, who digitises from nothing.

Someone with more talent than I have should redo the .hack//SIGN OP but optionally with Crossing Field or any of the others, and replace the .hack//SIGN characters with the SAO characters — with their SAO equivalents where possible. Tsukasa/Kirito, Bear/Agil... Subaru and Mimiru are kind of both Asuna... I mean slot the SAO people in where their .hack equivalents are.

Actually, scratch Crossing Field. With .hack, Yuki Kajiura did the OPs and EDs too, not just the score. So use Swordland instead. That would be epic. I'm sure somebody cares about the SAO vs Accel World crossover game, but I'd rather see a more direct connection to the original series beyond nods and similarities. 
For the Karma, I suspect. The question seems to be asked a few times a week, so I'm thinking while the real answers are present, it's a circle jerk and Karma factory, in the asking and answering. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
What about leg men? Always liked nice legs. Ass doesn't do much for me, but I can appreciate a nice one. Much more into breasts, but legs are what do it for me. Now, I understand the ass is basically the top of the legs, but I would never call myself an ass man.

edit: Look up an anime series called *Prison School*. A guy is demanded to guess which the principal is, a breast man or an ass man. Minor spoiler, he's an ass man, but if you're an ass man, I think you'll appreciate his reasoning. It's an ecchi anime, so it's over the top lewd, but it's a lot of fun, too. If you're into that kind of thing. It's most likely streaming on Funimation, but I'm not sure if it's available for free accounts (a lot of their stuff is, but it might not be due to its content rating).
While it wasn't my intention to steer anyone else to them... I feel like a minority in that I don't have a favourite phone brand, having used phones from Samsung, Motorola, HTC, and Apple. As far as OS goes, I prefer Android for a couple reasons. For hardware, Apple is the clear winner. There's no perfect phone.

Pixel and Pixel XL are generally the same except size, like iPhone and iPhone Plus. The big difference is the bigger iPhone has a better camera (and second lens). This isn't true for Pixel. Both regular Pixels are made by HTC. For XL, HTC made the first one, and LG made the second one from last year. Pixel and Pixel XL have only about 9 months of updates left, but they're a lot cheaper now, and they have headphone jacks. Also, they get free full quality uploads to Google Photos for life, which is a hell of a perk. For the second generation, that just came out, they are getting 3 years of updates, starting last autumn. The Pixel 2 XL uses an AMOLED screen, like the iPhone X, but made by LG, not Samsung. It has burn-in issues, so that's something to be aware of. All AMOLEDs do, but after months. The P2XL showed burn in after one week. So keep the screen timeout low and you should be fine, but it is a known issue. And P2XL had screen colour issues that were probably fixed with software updates.

The Pixels are definitely worth considering. Having used an iPhone for 23 months, I can't go back to Android forks (anything but Pixel). They suck. They really, really suck. I mean, the Galaxy S9 looks like a great phone, and I'm sure it will be for the first 6-9 months. Then it'll get an update and run a lot slower. People say this about iOS, but it hasn't been true yet for my iPhone 6s. It's absolutely true for Android. The OS isn't optimised for anything, and it shows. And the forks are worse. You'd think TouchWiz (Samsung's fork of Android) would be optimised for Galaxy phones... but it's not. As long as it takes Samsung, from Google releasing a new version of AOSP (Android Open Source Project) to Samsung getting it on your Galaxy phone, you'd think it went through optimisation and tweaking and quality control, but it's really, literally Samsung being lazy. I'm not hating on them. They literally don't do any of those things. At least not to the extent Apple does. Apple cares, to a degree, what you think of your iPhone. Samsung is content to say "it's Google's fault" and turn their backs. And Samsung is better than LG which is better than HTC. And they go down from there.

There's a flip side to that, however. Samsung, and sometimes the others, but usually Samsung, gets features before Google, because their forks, while bloated, actually do add useful features. And sometimes Google writes those features back into AOSP. So Galaxy fans rightly state that they get features years before the Nexus/Pixel guys. Same way fandroids say the same about iOS — but look, next time a fandroid says that to you, from a guy who's used and loves both, bring up Apple's 5 years of updates and NVMe (Apple has the fastest internal storage... UFS is catching up, what new Android phones use, but it's still not NVMe, so don't let anyone tell you it's just as good... even if in some benchmarks it can be) and ask when Android is gonna get those. Or dynamic clock/date, though I think Android P is gonna get them. Not sure though. There's no perfect phone or OS. They all have their merits. Ideally I'll bounce between Pixel and iPhone until a paradigm shift where iOS and Android aren't relevant anymore. I mean, Coke vs Pepsi might not be going anywhere, but do you remember Nintendo vs Sega? Yeah, that's not a thing anymore, now it's Xbox/PlayStation and no one ranks Nintendo against them, they're kind of their own thing. I expect the Android vs iOS paradigm to shift in the next 2-5 years. Both are adopting AR, which is good, but something will come along that will make one or both irrelevant. I don't think this rivalry will last. Especially with so many people, like me, seeing that they're both good. But as it is, it's really only a very small minority of users who actually care anyway.
I stand corrected! :)
Shoot, I forgot about the super mutants. Especially since they're so similar to the ones created other ways elsewhere in the game.

Did you know Maxson was in *Fallout 3*? He was a child then, a scribe serving under Lyons. Child Maxson claims to be descended from founding Brotherhood member Roger Maxson. I don't recall if Elder Maxson makes the same claim. Again, not a lore master, just recall from my recent *Fallout 3* playthrough.

Also, did you know Captain Kells is voiced by Tim Russ, voice of Tuvok from *Star Trek Voyager*? No worries if you're not a Trekker. I don't know what else he's done. Fellow Trekker Michael Dorn (Worf from *TNG* and *DS9*) was in *New Vegas*, and I think he was in Fallout 1 and/or 2 as well. Dorn's *DS9* co-star Rene Auberjonois was Mr House in *New Vegas*, too.

Brotherhood's fun though, and it's always fun to shadow Prime.
There's no way to get it in-game for free.

If you mean *earn* in the traditional sense, you could farm Bing Rewards to get an Amazon gift code, then buy PSN credits to buy Bethesda credits.

I do realise how ridiculous this is. I wanted the backpack so I bought it. I spent $15 on Bethesda credits, and I got the backpack and some other stuff. Got the Slocom's Joe kit, because I like the bricks, and the arcade because... it's an arcade! Couple Pip-Boy skins and I forget what else. I know, I'm a shitbag, I spent money on the CC... oh yeah, Elianora's pack, because she's awesome and deserves to make money from modding. And the other settlement thing. I feel like I got my money's worth, and anyone else on the Xbox can use it. I am a little disappointed I can't use the Creations on the PC, though. I feel like since I bought it with my Bethesda account, it should be on both platforms. But PC has alternatives for almost all if not all the Creation Club stuff anyway. CC is more for Xbox and PlayStation anyway. And of course I'm a huge Bethesda fanboy, so I don't mind giving them money.
Actually I did. A few of them have number pads. I bought an Asus Q-series. Number pad, i7, 12GB RAM, GeForce 940MX. It can play Skyrim and Fallout 3. Fallout 4 runs at single digit FPS. Not worth playing (but it runs!).

Mac is cool but old school Mac is cooler. When I first got my iPhone 6s, I found a retro Apple logo sticker, and put that on over the silver/metallic Apple logo on the back, and then put a mahogany dbrand skin on it. Instant Woz edition. Unfortunately the dbrand skin was a little too thick and made a third-party battery case unremovable, so I had to pry it off and then tore off the skin. Kept the retro Apple logo though.
Yeah, if you have the Google Search app, you'll have "Gboard" and "Google - Gboard" in the Settings app. It's weird. What I've done is put two similar themes on them. They're both *Sword Art Online* wallpapers. One's lighter than the other, so I change my keyboard based on how light or dark I want my keyboard.

iOS in general has a lot of problems with autocorrect that are pretty poorly documented, mostly memes and whatnot, but they aren't wrong. Changing the keyboard doesn't help, because keyboards are mostly just skins. Gboard can use trace typing and SwiftKey can use its own prediction engine, and they can both use skins, but they both suck compared to their Android counterparts. If you've used Gboard on both Android and iOS, you'd know... if you've only used it on iOS, you don't know what you're missing.
The Institute is the best ending for *science.* The Institute isn't really evil, per se, and they're well intentioned. The big bad thing about them is that they supposedly kidnap and replace people. The people they kidmap are scientists, and most go willingly. They replace them with the intention of the synth being a perfect replacement. It's still shady, but they believe the ends justify the means. Like *The Pitt* in *Fallout 3*, Bethesda really isn't giving you any good options, nor any particularly terrible ones, either.

Synths also don't procreate, with or without the Institute — correct me if I'm wrong. I'm not a lore master, I'm just a frequent player. My understanding is synths can't procreate at all, they can only be made. Is there anything that says two synths can ask for a new synth to be made based on them that they can raise as their child? Can child synths age?

I don't think the Institute employs slavery, or at least I don't think that was their intention. I think they made the synths to be tools lacking sentience. The cruelty wasn't forcing them to work long hours and whatnot, it was giving them sentience. That's the root of all their problems. The synth analogies are dumb. Your toaster doesn't have sentience.

I like siding with the Institute because it seems to be how the story was meant to go. You ultimately side with the Brotherhood in *Fallout 3*, so the Brotherhood being the bad guys again is working as intended. After all, most Brotherhood members say Lyons, the good one, was wrong. And weak. The Brotherhood are not the good guys. They're just the cool guys. And the Railroad, commonly accepted as the good guys, lack vision for the bigger picture.

Again, it's whatever faction you want. I'm not here to tell you your choice is wrong. Only that there is no right or wrong answer, just like the SAFE test. Ultimately, since choices generally *don't* matter in *Fallout 4*, it's really the faction you *like* the best. Which is why I generally side with the Brotherhood. I *like* the Brotherhood. I *love* the Prydwen. Maxson is kind of a dick, but I love the military aesthetic of the organisation. Also, the Institute is too clean and the Railroad is too dirty. I'll actually side with the Railroad over the Institute because I like spy stuff. But, my first time I sided with the Institute, because of course I did. Didn't we all? I mean, [Fallout 4 ending spoiler](/s "you don't get to save Shaun regardless, and you get synth kid Shaun regardless").
Confirmed — [Brooks will buy it.](https://youtu.be/WJfdRO7KztY) Minus the 10 cap transaction fee, though. So Quinn scams you for 10 caps.
Ah, I thought you just press and hold the hyphen key in macOS.

I passed on getting a MacBook Pro because, aside from the cost, they don't have a number pad. I realise now that that was a mistake on my part, and that should not have mattered. I primarily use Windows at home, but I like macOS and Macs in general. I'm also a gamer though, and the laptop I got can play some games.
Yes! I use it exclusively. Well, I actually use it, and the hidden Gboard in the Google app. (Did you know Gboard comes with the Google search app?) Did you know that even if you use a third-party keyboard, it's still subject to Apple's limitations on third-party keyboards? Because they are, and it sucks. Well, it's not terrible, but it could stand to be a lot better.
The iPhone 5s. In Space Gray [sic].

I remember when the iPhone 5s came to US Cellular. Back then, US Cellular had been the only viable carrier in eastern North Carolina (east of Greenville, out in the boonies). Verizon had just begun expanding out here, and I wanted an HTC One, and had only used Android before, so while I was looking hard at the iPhone 5s, the fact that I'd have to pay double to get a sane amount of storage ($200 for a phone on contract +$200 for the 64GB model) was what pushed me to the HTC, which was the second worst phone I owned, including feature phones. I would have loved the 5s and would still be using it, I'm sure!

But the HTC got me to leave Android, and I've had an iPhone 6s for 23 months. Ironically, Apple got the iPhone 6/6s/7 design from HTC, from the HTC One line, as part of a ceasefire agreement. A lot of people don't seem to know about this, but basically Apple wanted the HTC One design from the M7, and they agreed to share certain patents with one another for a set time. I mean, you hear about Apple suing everyone and everyone suing Apple, but the truth is, it's just a few companies, and Samsung is the big Android OEM they've dusted up with a few times. But Apple has also cooperated and collaborated with Android OEMs, too, including HTC. So it's not really a big surprise.

While I'm super happy with my iPhone 6s, and will probably carry it for another year and a half, I don't really like the new iPhones. I don't like the X giving up Touch ID. I'm not sold on Face ID yet. I love the look and feel of the X, however. So it's a good phone but my pick of last year is definitely the Pixel 2 XL. They all had their flaws, but I'll probably always be a Google guy. You get the full Google experience on iOS, and I don't hate iOS. I think the main reason I'd take Android over iOS right now is the keyboard. I type A LOT on my phone, and Apple's keyboard restrictions are just too tight for my use case. I feel like the OS is hamstringing me, and Android won't. Gboard on Android is, hands down, by far the best typing experience you can get on a smartphone, if you trace type. If you hunt and peck, it's not so clear, it's anyone's game. SwiftKey on both major platforms is good, as is Fleksy, and Apple's own keyboard is pretty good, too. But, I trace type and that puts Android way ahead. I really hope Apple fixes this in the next couple years. I mean, if iOS 12 or even 13 address this, I'd be willing to make my next phone an iPhone again. But I type so much that the typing experience is going to enter into my purchase decision.

OP, do you think the iPhone SE 2 will use the iPhone 4/s design, or are you just looking forward to one with a glass back? Because what I heard was the SE 2 was going to have the iPhone X form factor, but cheaped out on everything. LCD screen, no Force Touch, etc. Oddly I've heard the SE is going to be the middle sized one this time. But honestly I don't put much stock in rumours, **especially** Apple rumours. Android is a leaking ship, you can usually trust leaks, especially Samsung leaks. But with Apple, Cupertino is very tight lipped, until I hear it from them, I don't believe most of what I hear. That being said, I do think Apple is going to go all in with Face ID and the full screen iOS experience. I think years and years from now when the iPhone 8 is no longer supported but the iPhone X is, iOS will basically require the iPhone to have that form factor. All screen, gesture bar, and possibly the notch. I think the notch will shrink to something closer to what the Essential PH-1 has, just a cutout for the camera and the sensors above. That's not enough for Face ID, so I said closer, not exactly. Like half the width of the iPhone X's notch. (I don't even hate or dislike the notch, but I do feel the X's is too wide.)
I understand that, but the point is a falsehood is upvoted higher than the correction., and one who would advocate for correct spelling and grammar will strive to correct that.

It may be a losing battle, but that doesn't mean we should just quit. If ever a thing was worth downvotes, it's being right. However, if you're going to be hated on for being right, it's best to be as kind as possible while going about it. Because if you're kind and correct, your only offence is, as you said, being kind and correct in the wrong place.
I agree. But, I want to point out that an em dash (—) is needed in that quote in place of a hyphen. However, proper dash use is in a class above and apart from proper Latin use, because the other two dashes are not on computer keyboards. The em dash is ALT+0151 on a keyboard with a number pad. Oddly the number row above the letters does not work. A keyboard without a numpad is not SOL, though; the free software Holdkey can add dozens of extra symbols by holding down the key (D for dash, in this case) and selecting the appropriate symbol, like macOS does, and some smartphones. The other dash is the en dash (–), which is ALT+0150, which is used for series (like 1990–1999). You can also type your post in MS Word, and it will autocorrect the right dashes (double hyphen, or --, to make an em dash), and then you can copy/paste...

...but again, as that requires extra work, I don't hold it against anyone. I literally fit the bill as a keyboard warrior as I go well beyond the allotted keys. Not only do I use and abuse ALT codes, I've enabled a Registry hack to enable even MORE. Well, I use two that are not part of the standard set. I collect a series of Japanese trading cards, so I need to use their quotes, which are ALT++300A and ALT++300B (that is, hold ALT and strike +300A/B), and those look like 《 and 》. Without the Registry hack, the closest you can get is ALT+0171 and 0187, which look like « and », but are not Japanese quotes (oh, since you mentioned French, apparently the French use them as well. (The Japanese use a second set of quotes more commonly, but since I don't need them, I don't know how to make them. If you ever watch anime, during the opening credits when they name the theme music, you'll see them. They're weird and hard to explain. 90° right angle brackets, upper left corner of a straight square to open, lower right to close. (An effort was made.) Oh yeah, degrees — ALT+0176.

I'm a nerd. I know I'm a nerd. But I don't begrudge anyone for not knowing advanced keyboard symbols. That would simply be unfair. Though I do admire correct usage of said symbols.
Pro tip for anyone who wants to use Latin in English: don't. There's almost always a better English word or phrase. It's not cool and it doesn't make you look smart. 

However, if you are going to do it, do it right. It won't make you look smart, but if you save words and/or letters, you are being more concise, e.g. using e.g. instead of "for example."

But using Latin incorrectly tells everyone you're an uneducated halfwit and that nothing you say has any merit outside of perhaps the juvenile area of a daycare center. Whereas no one will think any less of you for just using English. 

Except on Reddit, I see a lot of poor use of language (not just Latin) upvoted like crazy, and people downvoted to Oblivion for pointing it out, even in the nicest ways. It's one thing if you have an iPhone and you make a mistake. Autocorrect is a *bitch*. And even with Gboard (the Google keyboard), iPhones and typos go hand in hand, because of Apple's ass backward keyboard limitations. We try to proofread and catch them, but some will slip through. But there's typos and there's ignorance.
The ampersand doesn't look like an E, it looks like Et but mashed together because that's essentially what it is. 

Otherwise, spot on. I just recently learned this.
I think a lot of commenters are missing the point and/or need a brush up on the meaning of ethics. 

Ethically it's wrong, plain and simple. It's basically down to whether you were on break or not, whether anyone heard you or not, and whether anyone found out after.

If you were on break, including a reasonably timed bathroom break, and you were able to rub one out in the time it would take to use the facilities (and we all expect women to take longer), that's not unethical. It is, however, unprofessional, but that's another matter. If not — say, if you had already gone to the toilet an hour before, and then after going just to schlick, and then an hour, hour and a half later you go again, the frequency might be questionable if you aren't eating/drinking to match (e.g. I drink a ton of water, so I go to the toilet almost hourly) — then it could be unethical as misuse of company time. You're allotted so much time to use the facilities, and I think if you really need to rub one out, yes it's a selfish thing, but so is putting on makeup or adjusting your makeup, and I think people are okay with that so… onto the next. 

The second ethical concern is if you were heard or observed. Others have covered this, but ethically the sexual experience should never be forced upon the unwilling. Pretty basic concept when applied to, say, a stranger rape in a park at night. But it also applies to people having sex in front of unwilling parties. Or masturbating. Yes, as a guy, a woman masturbating sounds hot. The laboured breathing, the moans, the sound of skin against self lubricated skin… it's legitimately sexy. But to a straight woman who is also using the facilities, it would be invasive; a violation of a different sort. If you weren't heard, it's the conundrum of the tree falling in the woods. Of course it made a sound, that's a dumb question. But the sound didn't make a difference, and that's the point. The conundrum is explaining that if you did something wrong that harmed no one, and no one knows you did it, you may as well be blameless — hinging upon you having harmed no one, for clever Redditors looking for exceptions.

Lastly, there's the matter of discovery after the act. For us guys, it's a simple discharge that can be ejected into a wad of TP and flushed, never to be discovered. For ladies, the act of sex and masturbation produces discharge inside and out, some of which may be wiped up and flushed. However, both genders release pheromones upon orgasm that others might detect, which goes back to #2 above. If you work alone in a cubicle, you might be able to hide it, but any sexually active adult you encounter is likely to see you 'glowing.' The 'just had sex' look. But someone uncomfortable because they think you had sex recently (and they did not) is a far cry from someone overhearing the act itself. And you can carry that glow into work from getting laid just before, and I don't think anyone is arguing that sex right before work is unethical. So this point is weaker, more of a maybe.

tl;dr: If you didn't use too much personal time and no one heard you, and no one smelled it on you afterwards, you're fine ethically, in my book. 
I see it all the time on Facebook, and I almost hate to use it (especially as the only Mario Kart I've really played is the first one, which doesn't even feature the blue shell), but it is an effective analogy. To a point.

I mean, women, blacks, and other minorities seeking equality don't need to use a blue shell on us; that would imply they want to get ahead of us rather than catch up. It's not a race... and it is. I think we should all be racing forward, as equals, to progress as a people, without anyone taking a back seat because they were made a different way. I grew up on Star Trek, so for me, in the future, we're judged by what we do, not who we are. Even the Klingon whose people were once at war with us (the Federation). He may be an alien, but he's taken the same vow or oath as everyone else, he graduated Starfleet Academy same as everyone else, so he's a respected member of the crew (Worf). And even when he brings his son on board, who hasn't taken the vow/oath or graduated the academy (he's like 10), he's not treated as a potentially hostile alien, he's treated like family. And even though there are still hostile Klingons, the Federation treats individuals as equals — but I digress...
At my age, the only thing I wanna do to Silica is pick her up and play with her (not like THAT). She's the perfect little sister character. Curious and inquisitive, everyone's pal, and never annoying. And she's adorable.
Half expected 50 golden stars to fly in and encircle the peak.
> Was the ribbon that Mitsuha was wearing at the end the same one she gave to Taki?

Yup.

> Was the second ribbon transfer one of the magic moments more powerful than the body swaps?

I agree with /u/K242, more symbolic than anything. The first one is why she switched bodies with Taki as opposed to some random person, I believe.

Leaving canon and entering speculation, it's been suggested but never confirmed nor disproven, that the shrine god Mitsuha's family worships is none other than a third comet strike, that created the crater. First one made the crater, and the shrine is in the nucleus or whatever of the comet that broke off. Second one made the lake. Third one is in the film. So anyway, the people who settled the village painted the walls (which Taki sees when he busts his head) with the story of the comet falling. And some of them worshipped the comet as a god. Mitsuha's grandmother says the papers were all lost in the fire, so we really don't know, and she doesn't either. They keep up the traditions, but they don't know why. I don't mean to suggest this as canon because it's not, but this is my theory. That Mitsuha's family are in fact worshipping the comets, and that there is a sentience to them (which is far less likely, but this isn't a realistic film, it's pure fantasy so it works), and in turn for their prayers and service, the comet/shrine gods bestow upon Mitsuha's family the ability to, through the gods, protect Itomori.

> How did Mitsuha forgotten the reason she she took a trip to Tokyo? Was it the same retcon forgetting force that erased the phones?

Going back to my comet/shrine gods theory, the forgetfulness, which on its face is BS and frankly, poor writing... I believe it's the gods. They don't want Taki and Mitsuha together because Mitsuha and Yatsuha relocating to Tokyo means no one is left to worship the shrine/comet gods. I haven't yet worked out why the shrine/comet gods would destroy the town, which would directly result in everyone leaving and no one left to worship them. So obviously that doesn't work. But I think they figured if Taki could save the town, and Taki and Mitsuha would forget each other, then Mitsuha and Yotsuha would stay and continue the family tradition. Because what does every god want? To be worshipped. So if there is a sentient shrine/comet god, it's likely the one messing with their memories. Remember, Taki's memory was really only messed with when he was in Itomori. It wasn't messed with in Tokyo. He has a fuzzy memory because of his time in Itomori, or his time body swapping to Itomori, but the memory shenanigans, I believe, are localised to Itomori. Taki's phone was erased in Itomori. Shrine god did it. They both forgot after meeting on the rim of the crater. Shrine god. I'm pretty sure neither of them spontenously forgot anything in Tokyo, except Taki, and only because he was traveling from Itomori. So I suggest his memory loss was triggered by leaving Itomori, not waking up in Tokyo. Also note that when Mitsuha was in Tokyo, she didn't forget anything. But she was also in a time before Taki even knew who she was. So Taki didn't forget — he just hadn't met her yet.

Again, that's just my speculation. Until someone railroads it with a damn fine argument, I'm sticking with it, but I also cannot present it as canon. Because it's not. Now, should I happen to meet Shinkai and communicate it to him (through a translator as I believe he does not know English) and he's nodding and saying "this guy gets it," then yeah, it's as close to canon as you're gonna get, but until that happens... we're all just speculating.

And that's one of the beautiful things about Japanese storytelling, is that so much is open to interpretation.
CTRL+F "blue shell" 0/0... okay then!

For the same reason you don't get the blue shell when you're in first place in Mario Kart — because you're already in the lead! Same reason we don't have white history month. We weren't and aren't systematically oppressed (whites or men). The women just want to catch up.

Men can certainly organise and advocate, but being "in the lead" socially, we (men) need to be advocating for being better men, not for being better than women (since we can't approach equality without lessening our rights). There are organisations out there, I believe, that advocate for men to maintain a standard level of decency — the fictional Kingsman organisation from the two *Kingsman* films come to mind first, but I believe they have real-world counterparts. Guys who believe that true manliness is not machismo, but things like kindness, service, manners, charity, and so on and so forth. Since we are socially "in the lead," we should be setting the example for where we should all be going, not resenting women's efforts to catch up.

I am and have always been a huge advocate for children, so I think training and shaping the next generation is the best way to make things better. If you want to help young men, adopt a young man. Everyone wants babies, but there's far less demand for teenagers and older kids. There are people out there — heroes, frankly — who adopt teenagers with criminal records and try to love them and straighten them out. Similarly, there are foster services (like temporary adoption). Lastly, there's the "big brothers, big sisters" thing, and I'm almost certain you can only mentor a kid of your same gender (it's targeted at younger people, like high school kids mentoring grade school kids, but I think adults can do it, too), so if you're a guy, I guess they'd assign you a little guy who might need a role model. So in short, I believe empowering the next generation of men is more effective than fighting for the rights of the current and older generations.
That's fair. I met my wife on a forum, and we'll have been married for 12 years this year. Still, forums are social networking. I mean, they're social — we're socialising — and it's a network. I get your point though, absolutely. Different degrees. Or different presentation. Facebook is a bit shit for a lot of reasons. Zuck is basically a con man and definitely a sleaze ball.
I'm 38. I don't get it. Wife and I got to take our 14 year old niece for the weekend about 6 months ago, and she spent the whole time snapping pictures of her forehead. Apparently that's a thing. It's just funny because, she has an iPhone 7, and she wanted me to take some pictures of her for her to post. Actually I suggested it, said the rear camera was better and if I take the picture, I could get a better shot. And then she wondered why each shot "took so long." Umm, because I'm carefully framing the shot and adjusting the lighting! Now you have a bunch of damn good, print quality pictures of yourself you can be proud of... haha. I'm an old guy though. I always turn on the grids on smartphone cameras, and regular cameras. I don't do the big fancy SLRs though. I have a Canon Powershot, it's pretty nice. And a 6' (2m) tripod. I like photography, but I'm not an expert. Snapchat just feels like intentionally shitty photography.

OP, do girls your age still do duck face? If they'll take advice from you, tell them they'll get a lot more mileage out of gently biting their lower lip. The duck face implies "I might kiss you but I might not," where the lip bite implies "I really like what you're doing." Lots of guys would rather see the lip bite. It is kinda naughty though. No one I know (so like 25 and up) wants to see a teenager doing it. They can keep the duck faces, duck face screams middle school.
Well, you're on Reddit and Reddit is social media. I agree social media is bad, but hey, we're both here, and not "IRL."
First for lewding Silica, and then for lewding Yui... there is only [one appropriate response](https://i.imgur.com/VFrxqHS.jpg) to this series... Not that I won't be adding the ones to my collection, that won't get me put on a list!
OP, you should ask this in /r/securityguards, because those guys mostly if not all have a need for this and I'm sure a few have figured it out.
Came here expecting this brand, though I wasn't planning on recommending it. I have their tall 20oz bottle, and I love it, but it doesn't fit the OP's description. I have no doubt they have other products that do.
Oh, there's a reason... a little pizza place I think in NYC actually invented stuffed crust pizza. Pizza Hut started doing it as well, and after a while, they started saying they invented it. This would have been like in the 80s or before. The small place tried to sue and lost, and since then none of the major chains have dared to try it.

Making a pizza stuffed crust isn't hard. When you have the dough out and soft, you simply put string cheese all around the edges, and then roll the edges over. You can also wrap pepperoni around the cheese sticks, or whatever else you want to 'stuff' in the crust. So anybody can physically do it. It's not rocket science. It's just the other chains don't think it's worth it to deal with Pizza Hut's legal department. Stuffed crust pizza isn't a big enough draw for anyone to risk it.

I don't know how DiGiorno gets away with it. Maybe because DiGiorno is shit (sorry) and Pizza Hut doesn't see them as a threat. I'm almost certain any mom-and-pop pizza joint could offer it and escape Pizza Hut's wrath, as long as they don't really advertise it. Because now Pizza Hut owns it.

It may sound like bullshit, like how could they get away with that. But go watch *The Founder* with Michael Keaton and Nick Offerman. McDonald's was founded in a similar way. The founder of the McDonald's company, Ray Kroc, essentially cheated the McDonald brothers out of the name of their small southern California burger business, and then opened a McDonald's across the street from them, and forced them to change their name. The movie is a little sensationalised, as movies that are not documentaries tend to be, but for the most part, it's accurate. And it's a good movie, if you like business drama.
My wife and I often disagree on pizza, so sometimes we order from different places. I get Pizza Hut (love stuffed crust and no one else does it) and she gets Papa John's. We could both take or leave "good" pizza, and yet we don't really care for frozen or other crappy pizza (Domino's, Little Caesar's, etc.) but will eat it if offered (i.e. not pay for it).

Banana peppers are good, IMO if they're cooked on the pizza. I also like bell peppers, but only if they're cooked first (as in, before being put on the pizza). Onions are fine, but the time a pizza cooks isn't enough time to properly cook bell peppers. And a lot of places don't realise this. So I generally don't get them.

Favourite pizzas are pepperoni/jalapeno and ham/pineapple/bacon (aka Hawaiian). Also partial to sausage/onion. If I were making the pizza from scratch, it would probably be sausage, onion, bell peppers, and garlic — the onion and garlic cooked with the bell peppers, in the sausage grease. Now I wanna make my own pizza...
Seriously, Square is vastly underestimating its female audience. My wife loves the guys, particularly Noct and Iggy, but she would go nuts for a swimsuit/swim trunks outfit pack, and probably pay good money for it!

If you're craving four studs in swim trunks though, look up an anime called *Free!*. It's a sports (swim team) drama. [The opening theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXkq0JWGMM8) is really great and will give you an idea of whether you like it or not; there's also [a trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuk_w_unvxI). (It's in English, and also available in Japanese with English subtitles.)
Especially when the OP isn't active in the thread. It's just Karma farming. That's the greater offence IMO. If the OP just wanted to talk about these cool ass old (crappy?) headphones, it would be one thing, but to drop a picture and a caption (that is probably made up) and then abandon ship, it really goes against the spirit of Reddit (and possibly this sub).
Sorry to hear that. Toys R Us was my favourite place to go when I was a kid. I went there as an adult (years and years ago) because I wanted a bike and I think they had a sale or something? Or someone told me Toys R Us had decent mountain bikes at good prices. I forget. Paid about $150. Mountain bikes can get a lot higher than that. It didn't have all the bells and whistles, but it was a good bike. I've been there one time since, after I moved and got married. Looking for a present. Definitely lost most of the magic. And by magic I mean I was loving Toys R Us when you could buy NES games there. So, late 80s. About 30 years ago.

Best of luck to you in the future. I'm sure you made a lot of kids happy working there, directly or otherwise.
Nuclear power sure is awesome, in the truest sense of the word, in that it invokes awe. A little terrifying, too, but also a little wonderful. I mean, when harnessed correctly and safely, I think it's one of the cleanest energy sources we have? Just what I've heard. Not an expert. Also a bit of a *Fallout* fan.
I figure 'boneless wings' was just another name for chicken tenders. Chicken nuggets are smaller, and are made from minced up chicken meat, probably mixed light and dark. Boneless wings are almost always light meat in my experience.
I never got far in Myst. I can only vaguely remember what I did. I remember a boat or something at the dock you could go in, and I remember a statue or something and a small shed nearby? And the library. I dunno, it's been, well, decades. I also remember you could finish the game by going to the library and doing a couple things. I never "got" Myst. Weird ass game. But pretty to look at.
Google Photos is private; however, if you share a picture and use the Google URL, your name (as associated with your Google account) will be shared with anyone who clicks the link. There's no anonymity there.

Honestly I want to share some of mine. I've been scanning Weiß Schwarz cards (Japanese card game) because there just aren't any/many high res card scans online, certainly so few that I felt the need to scan a bunch. I'd love to share the scans with sites that sell cards and sites that index cards, just so they can show them off better. Be able to read the card's effects right off the card and so on.
I've been watching **Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion**, and I don't think much of it. I'm 11 episodes in, I think, and it's just not that good to me. My wife has seen it before and she assures me it gets better. I don't doubt it. I'm just not feeling it.

I don't mind mecha stuff. I thought I did. I watched *Kill La Kill* and the mecha clothes was dumb AF, at least IMO. But then I watched *Neon Genesis Evangelion* and loved it. I loved *Gurren Lagann* too, except in the end it really went off the rails with just how far Simon's passion took him. I get it, I see what they were going for, but the end was frankly just silly. The first half was amazing, though.

Maybe the mecha genre just isn't for me, but I don't really see *Code Geass* as a mecha anime. It *has* mechas, but they're not crucial to the story, they're just tools employed by both sides. The strength here, I think, is the strategy, which was later done better (MUCH better) in *Death Note*. So I see the appeal, especially for those who saw it before *Death Note*.

I'm not knocking it, though. It's just not for me. I just don't feel anything for it. I'm looking to start *anohana* or *ef* next. (Interesting that both have lowercase names. Just realised that.) Yes, I know *anohana* is a feels trip. I'm a sucker for a good cry in anime. *Wolf Children*, *Kimi no Na wa.*, *Koe no Katachi*, *Grave of the Fireflies*, *Your Lie in April*, *Angel Beats!*, and *Orange* — pretty sure, other than the two sad scenes in both *Fullmetal Alchemist* and *FMA Brotherhood*, I've seen most of the sad anime out there. Honestly it's not something I go for, but tragedy is stronger than comedy, as far as drama goes.
Well, it was two and a half years when Kirito cleared SAO/Aincrad, if I'm not mistaken, and I have no idea about time past then.

We can't really compare her to an infant, a toddler, or a child, though. She's programmed to have a kind of psychological role. So she studies people. And she's an AI. She could probably pass for an adult, if she so chose. We see her as a child, because to Kirito and Asuna, that's the glue that kept them together. But to a child, she might instead appear as a loving parent, and I think that would be within her capability.

I'd love to see Kawahara/SAO explore Yui's unique position as an AI to be able to help others. Matter of fact, have you ever seen the film *Her*? The main character gets an upgrade for his phone, and it's an AI (I think it's meant to be based on Apple's Siri), but it's so advanced, that they become friends, and ultimately lovers. (It's a very strange film, and not for kids.) Until one day he realises that she's who she needs to be for every single user out there. I'm pretty sure early on, Yui is only with Kirito and/or Asuna, but once she's free of Cardinal, she's absolutely free to divide herself many times over and help more people. She could even appear male to some people. (It's my head canon that her appearance is based partially on Sachi to hook Kirito. Asuna doesn't need Yui to look like her. Asuna has mommy issues and Yui just needs to be a little girl Asuna can raise better than she was raised, but Kirito doesn't really need a daughter. What he needs is to feel like he can protect those he cares about, and it keeps coming back to Sachi, so I believe Yui designed herself to look like the offspring of Kirito and Sachi... or simply a younger Sachi. I know this isn't canon, but I don't think it's absolutely, proven to be false, either. It's like Yuuki's headband, we just don't know, so at worst it's a wonderful coincidence.)
Well, Yui being an AI who looks like a little girl who wants to help the players but is prevented from doing so by another AI is the strongest connection to the older series, a close second being the female love interest being the second in command of the guild that helps players. Those seem to be the biggest things from .hack//SIGN that Kawahara wanted in SAO. Well, those being second to the Kirisuna ship, of course — I think we all know that's the most important element to him.
Usually after waking from nightmares. I want to be a writer, so to understand something that terrifies me, who isn't afraid of TV or movies, books or video games, the terror is absolutely worth it. Not that I want to write horror. I absolutely want to write fantasy, dark fantasy, and light sci-fi (what Star Wars is as opposed to Star Trek). But I would like to have that in my toolkit to call upon should I wish to put a character through Hell.
There's merit to this approach, but I think there's also merit in simply commenting on the title. As I'm doing right now. In this age of click bait, I think it's perfectly valid to comment on the title. If the article doesn't match the title or contradicts it, as is often the case, that's on the site and its editor, not the commenter.

However, if said commenter treads ground covered in the article, they deserve to be called on it. I think that's fair.
Kirito definitely has the dad routine down.
Well, she's an AI, so she could probably redraw herself at any age. 8 is a good age to be self sufficient, able to attend family events, and able to hold her own in low level conflicts (plus she has hax mode). Old enough to not need to be wiped or dressed, young enough to be adorable and fun.
> I'm thankful that I seem to be able to appreciate the music regardless of whoever was the lead singer at the time.

I'd like to think most of us are. There's the Team Tarja crowd who don't like anything after *Once*. I get it, they continue to support Tarja's solo work, and that's cool. It's not really my thing, though. If you do give it a listen, don't expect Nightwish, because it isn't, and she doesn't try to be. The other side is Team Tuomas, those of us who support the composer, the heart and soul of Nightwish, regardless of the voice of the band.

It's not a unique situation to Nightwish, either. Van Halen parted company with David Lee Roth over similar circumstances (DLR held himself out as the leader of Van Halen, and Eddie **Van Halen** took offence to that). But after working with a different style singer for many years (Sammy Hagar) and then a third guy (Gary Cherone), the story has a happy ending. They patched things up with DLR, and on top of that, Eddie's son Wolfgang replaced the band's bassist, so 3/4 of the band is the Van Halen family (Eddie, Wolfgang, and Eddie's brother Alex) and DLR knows it's not his band now, but he's still the same DLR otherwise.

You never know, something similar could happen to Nightwish. I wouldn't want to get anyone's hopes up; all I'm saying is the toxic few who blast Tuomas and Nightwish for Tarja's sake aren't helping anyone, and are one of the biggest roadblocks to a potential reconciliation. It's happened before, with bigger egos. Tuomas called Tarja a diva, and maybe she is. Tuomas is definitely a diva. But neither of them are on a level with DLR in his prime. I think Tarja and Tuomas have bigger hearts, which makes it harder, if they feel more deeply, as they seem to. The rift feels wider, thicker, more insurmountable.
*7 Days to the Wolves* — that's another good one. I don't think I ever said I don't like the entire album. I did say it went downhill after the first two, but that one's the exception. For *The Islander* I'd have to listen to it again.
*Cause one dog ain't enough, and two is too low, it's me, Three Dog!*
That's a beautiful reason. Thanks. That's why I asked the way I did. I had a feeling people would have good reasons. I didn't want to say that I hated the album (I don't) but I like the others more. Maybe if I'm ever in a place like that, it will help. So I will keep that in mind.
That's fair, and as I replied to the other person who replied, I get that, it's just not comfortable to listen to.
One thing nobody's said that I've seen — *End of All Hope* has a new intro. Or maybe it had the intro before, but the end of *Bless the Child* was spoken over it. If you jump to track 2 on *Century Child*, it jumps right into the lyrics. If you jump right to *End of All Hope* on *Decades*, you get the vocalisation chorus bit that was the end of *Bless the Child* on *Century Child*.

Matter of fact, the very first time I heard Nightwish was in a *Final Fantasy VIII* AMV using *End of All Hope*, and it had that vocalising part, but it had the spoken stuff from *Bless the Child* over it, so maybe fans understood that was actually part of *End of All Hope* before. [Here is the video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUCezpQfgs4) (BTW, this might have spoilers for the end of *Final Fantasy VIII*. I haven't played the game, so the actual visualisations have no context to me. They just look really cool, especially the sword fights and the train splitting scene. And, well, pretty much all of it.)

Yep, 15 years ago that video was my introduction to Nightwish, so it's super awesome the concert opened with it, let alone included it at all. 
That or Emppu will just hand you a copy. That's what happened in Norfolk Monday night. The Facebook post did say you could redeem your ticket for a copy, but I didn't think about trying to get a second one. ;) Emppu and some other people were handing them out out of boxes full of them.
You're alright. Anette was my favourite of the three, but I love Tarja's and Floor's work as well. Opinions are fine. I wasn't even aware of this album/EP you mentioned. I do know there are versions of some songs where Marco sings more, but it's only what I've heard.
Well, that's certainly a valid reason, and in fact a pretty great one. My first was *Century Child* and it was my favourite for years. It's often said that your first Doctor (Who) or your first (James) Bond will always be your favourite, though for me I started with the Ninth Doctor and favour the Tenth, and my first Bond was Brosnan, and he's still my favourite.

*DPP* was absolutely written from the heart, it's just Tuomas's was in a bad place at the time, and it shows. I know he was hurting and it's hard to listen to in that context. I know he had to get those words out to move on, and I'm grateful that he's still making music and they grew from it.
Absolutely go. And don't buy *Decades*, they'll give you a free copy at the show (and you might be handed your copy by Emppu, as I was!).

They played mostly the old (Tarja-era) stuff, and the new vocalist performed well. The long comment is pretty spot on, I'm not sure I agree with everything, but Floor (the new vocalist) is very good. Tarja was certainly something special, but she was also hard to understand. (Fortunately, she's still making music, and her solo stuff is all on Spotify. She's nowhere near as good as she was with Nightwish, but she still has an amazing voice.) I personally like Anette's singing more, but I'm not experienced or knowledgeable enough to articulate *why*.

All in all, the show was amazing and worth the time and money.
I expected *Amaranth* as it was on the *Decades* album, but when I saw they were doing a 2 hour set, I understand why it and *Poet* were cut.

Just wondering, how do other fans view *Dark Passion Play*? I think it's their worst album, but it's not without its merits. I mean, both it and *Angels Fall First* clearly represent a band looking for its niche. *AFF* because it was their first album, and *DPP* because it was their first album with Anette, though *EFMB* bucks this trend, as their first album with Floor was fantastic. *DPP* also dwells too much on the Tuomas/Tarja rift, which should never have been publicized. It's still a sore spot with fans on both sides, and honestly the fans shouldn't be taking sides. I love Nightwish and Tarja and Anette and Floor, that's all there is to it. And I think with Tuomas' attitude toward the old songs on *Decades* (not wanting to remake them), I think they're in a better place and *DPP* is a reminder of when they weren't.

Plus, I just didn't like the songs. *Poet* was cool, but it felt like its strongest point was pulled from *FantasMic*. That fast part. But I don't like some of the lyrics, and I'll just leave it at that. *Beautiful* was a straight up dig at Tarja, and those were the decent songs.

Not trying to be disrespectful of anyone or the band, I realise they were in a really dark place when they wrote the album. They were supposed to do one more with Tarja but didn't, as they fired her after the *End of an Era* tour. We can only speculate as to what that would have been. So I'm just wondering if anyone else really likes that album, and what you get out of it. (I don't dislike Anette by the way; *Imaginaerum* is my favourite NW album, and I love the movie.)
So to those of us who don't use VR, what does this mean? Is Vive better than Oculus? I know Facebook owns Oculus and Valve owns Vive (made by HTC, I'm a phone guy, of course I know that at least!). I'm inclined to view the Facebook product as lesser, also because its cost, and I've heard about the new Vive that's better.

But will Skyrim (or any similar game) be better on Vive than other options?
With only the name, race, and class, my monk feels threatened. I have a bad habit of using wood elves for everything because they're the best race IMO, but I'm sure there are valid points to the others. And there are also just good pairings. Wood elf rogue, human fighter, tiefling wizard, dragonborn sorcerer, half-orc barbarian... I would have given monk to an elf (the idea that they've been in solitude for longer than the human party members have been alive is super romantic) but gnome is probably a great fit, too, though all I know is their size is Small and they (probably) have Darkvision.
Damn. I love taking pictures, but I'm not very photogenic. I don't have kids yet but you gave me something to think about. Thank you. 

One thing I did for my niece when she was about six or seven was, it was her birthday party, and I snuck around and seeded the idea with people, and they all loved it, and it caught on quick. I then handed my niece my digital camera, which was set to record video, hit the record button, and sent her around the party, and everyone she approached wished her a Happy birthday. A few years later, when she was a bit more mature, I burned it on a DVD and gave it to her for a birthday present (along with the real gift). The video was kind of crappy, but she made it. There are potentially better ways to do it now (strap a GoPro to her forehead, for one... Or have one of those "follow me" drones shadow her) but the way we did is still valid today, and you can use a smartphone now. 
Or your first, in some cases. There are some times when parents need a united front, true, but I believe a single person's first duty is to themselves, a married person's first duty is to their spouse, and a parent's first duty is to their child. As a married father I would put my child first and my wife second, and expect my wife to put our child first as well. 

As someone whose father remarried, I completely agree. My father was mostly a good man, but he put his wife above my brother and I (and his second wife didn't, she put her own kids above my father, my father above the family dog, and my brother and I under the dog. 😂 It's all good now though. This was over 2 decades ago.
DS emulators tend to display one screen above the other. This is fine as the Nintendo DS uses a very low resolution. Even on a 720p monitor, you have more than enough space to display both screens scaled to 100%. If you have room to rotate your monitor 90°, that's also an option. As for touch, that's just the mouse. So your typical controller covers the buttons, and then the mouse simulates touch. And then there are ways to simulate other things, like closing the DS, opening it, blowing in the mic, and other gimmicky things that have been worked into DS games.

Apparently the second screen displays a map.
Yeah, I get it. You don't think anime should be in English at all. You're neither original, nor edgy. Your position is downright *common*. You're just a hypocrite. Learn Japanese or STFU.
I got to talk to him outside, too. He said it was like summer in Finland, mid-30s and snowy rain. We talked for a couple minutes. Nice guy, but a man of few words.
No, it's on YouTube's end.

https://www.google.com/get/videoqualityreport

Like I said, I can't see the business end. If you put in Greenville NC, where I live, you'll see Suddenlink has YouTube HD certification and CenturyLink doesn't.
Typing, speaking. We both understood what I meant was *communicating*, or functioning with language. The pedantic correction wasn't necessary. 

What's the original language? Animation is silent. What's the value of one dub over the other? It's all down to personal preference. I like Japanese, it's a lovely aesthetic, but for me it comes down to how much reading I want to do. In a shooting game? As little as fucking possible. It's not a visual novel.
I feel like that's a reference to something... *Breaking Bad*?
Someone's probable said kindness to animals, and probably got gilded for it. And that's cool, it's true. 

For me, kindness to children, especially tolerance of crying babies. A lot of people don't like kids (and that includes the ones that 'like' kids) or they only like their own. The theme here is how a person treats a person or animal that can do nothing for them. Yes, babies are a huge responsibility, burden, and even pain in the arse, but they are our future, so we have to take care of them and raise them right. Not a father but an uncle, and I always try to right by any kids I'm around. And I have a lot of patience for babies. Not trying to pat myself on the back, I'm just saying when I recognise it in others I think that's a good person.
Agreed. I mean these aren't cheap games. I might get the PC games on a deep sale, but I don't want a visual novel. I don't want to read the whole game. It's supposed to be an action game... Or am I wrong? Honestly I'd love to know Japanese, it's a beautiful language, but while I'm still being honest, I'm not gonna put the work in. I'm not a young man and there's no practical purpose to learning a foreign language in my life. I could do it for fun, but a second language is really a "use it or lose it" kind of thing.
Absolutely is. I'm on mobile away from home. I got a screenshot of it at home. Look up YouTube HD certification. If an ISP doesn't pay for certification (tbh I don't know the terms on the business side), their users are limited to SD speeds. I could get around it with a VPN. I use jdownloader2 to watch videos in HD. Download (at less than a tenth of my speed) then watch.
Fully aware. I'm just saying we have an excellent English cast and that's the version I've watched, so hearing the Japanese voices is foreign to me. Not sure how you get trolling out of that. You're speaking English. I'm speaking English. 
That's a good question and one I don't have the answer to.
Meh. YouTube wants me to change ISP and has said they'll throttle me to SD speed if I stay, due to an issue they have with my ISP. I've seen no indication this will change if I pay them directly (Red or TV). If there was, I might consider it. But I'm not paying for SD. 

I have 25Mbit, my speed is not the issue. Google just doesn't like CenturyLink for some reason, and for now I'm siding with my ISP.
No, but I also did not know this was a thing. High on what? And in what context? What are they doing? What's the hook? Onset for some substances (yes I know pot isn't a drug etc) can be 10 minutes or more (pot is like 12).
Valour can be sexist and that's okay. If you're a straight guy and you treat women better than men, maybe you should treat men better, too (like, I don't want to hit anybody).

But ask anyone with sisters, little girls (before puberty) can get pretty aggressive. When my favourite cousins were small (girls 11 and 13 years younger than me), they liked to gang up on me (and sometimes brought friends), and they didn't hold back. Not because I was mean to them (actually spoiled them) but because they were spoiled rotten and everyone thought everything they did was cute. So I had to get creative. Lots of wrestling holds. Definitely wasn't going to hit a kid of either gender, but girls are fierce. I'm sure there are plenty of guys who hit their similarly aged sister because she had it coming.

Also, girls are not inherently weaker. As far as D&D stats go, we have them on strength, but they have us on dexterity and constitution. Most men could not go through childbirth, and most men would be happy to let women keep periods. A girl isn't any less tough than a guy. She might not be able to lift as much as a guy with similar training, but she can take the hit. It's just girls tend to be easy on the eyes and sympathetic victims. And I don't mean to diminish the victims; in fact, what I've seen of domestic violence victims, I see fighters. I see the hope to go on. I know women get their hearts broken and their souls defeated same as anyone, but I also see them picking up the pieces and rebuilding. It's certainly not easy, but they do it and it's commendable.
Not even a DB fan, but the whole public exhibition of the finale is exciting for anime as a whole. I try to go to the movies when anime movies come here (*Koe no Katachi* did; *Kimi no Na wa.* did not, so that's kind of where it sort of started here), support the industry as we're able. But good for the DB fans in those places. 
I'm a big fan of SAO, too, don't care who knows it, I play SAO in the anime card game (Weiß Schwarz), two decks in fact, collect the cards, custom battle mat which is also my Google Keyboard theme (in other words, I see SAO whenever I type on my phone — like, now).

The big hurdle I had to get past was that the first arc is more or less based on the first anime I watched, .hack//SIGN. SAO fans have some squiggly logic as to why it really isn't, but they both feature a guy who can't log out of a game (which, to be fair, is all Tron), a little girl AI who is held back from helping the characters by another AI, and the female lead is second in command of a guild that helps players. There are a bunch of other connections. Some could be written off as tropes, and maybe that's the case, but one came out in 2001 whole the other came out in 2012. The anime. So while Reki Kawahara was writing SAO as early as 2002, you can try to say he never watched .hack//SIGN, but that's a lot of coincidences to write off. I'm not saying the guy's a hack though, pun not intended. His stories got better after what's best described as the *.hack//SIGN 2.0* arc, but they still pulled elements from .hack here and there. One would simply not exist if not for the other. "And for that, we thank you."

But that's how anime is. It builds on its past successes. What was that anime list year? *Kirito in Another World With an iPhone*? No? But yeah. And this new one, I don't know the name, but it's an MMO, and the main guy looks just like Kirito. And I don't care. I think it's great that the first anime I watched is still influencing anime today, or at least the anime it influenced is in turn.
I have a friend who met her husband in a game. I met my wife in a message board for a band. Still, I feel stories like *Sword Art Online* (guy meets his wife in an online game) are about us (because you can't film or even animate a story about people meeting in a forum, so the game becomes a metaphor for the forum).
From the Twitter thread it seems like it had to do with the voice acting. They didn't want to replace the voices and they couldn't license them either. If you saw their video where they do the *Following In His Footsteps* video, it's all the original voices, which is a huge red flag for the mod. And like they said, it's not *Fallout 3* without the iconic voice actors. I was just, literally just saying this on an anime sub, you can't just go and change the whole voice cast, not use the voices folks are familiar with because it's cheaper or easier or whatever.

It's a shame, though. *Fallout 3* is one of my favourite games of all time. The best possible outcome here is that the team works with, if not *for* Bethesda, and gets it released on the *Fallout 4* Creation Club so Xbox and PlayStation players can get at it, as the mod was going to naturally be PC only.
I see where you're going with that, but it's also bullshit to retcon that. If you feel something, it means the character mattered, which was the whole point of Yuuki's arc. She wanted her and her party to never be forgotten, and they accomplished that. I think the games cheapen that. 

Plus, with the exception of the latest one (two?), they require an additional hardware dongle (console) to play. Or go the emulator route, but I prefer to deal fairly and honestly wherever possible. And then on top of that, they don't support and make use of SAO's incredible English voice cast. Being only available in a foreign language with subtitles just cheapens the brand, IMO. A big part of a character is the voice, and if it's someone else all of a sudden, it's jarring.
Doesn't bother me at all. 
I started to say I don't get this whole Early Access craze, but then I remembered I'm an unapologetic Bethesda fanboy, so I buy Early Access games that never leave it and are only completed by modders, and sometimes third party developers (Obsidian; *Fallout 3* is one of my favourite games ever, but holy hell, *New Vegas* did so many things right). And then rather than implement those fixes for console users or or even future ports (*Skyrim* for Switch is full of bugs that were fixed by the community **over six years ago**), they sell skins for the power armour and giant smart watch like they're Valve.
Oh my feels, I'm not sure if I'm okay seeing real life Yuuki out of isolation but tentatively I love it!
Marco did all the male parts iirc and he did alright.
They could have definitely done more with her, and the other side characters. But at the same time, Kirisuna is sort of the focus of the series. 

.hack and I think Log Horizon spent more time with the side characters. I'm thankful we're spoiled for choice in this genre. SAO is my favourite, and I suppose y'all's as well, but we have other stories that approach different elements differently... Ugh, that sounded better in my head, but you know what I mean and sorry if you don't.
No opening band in Norfolk.
Got handed a CD by Emppu. 
I got the Norfolk setlist. Sorry I don't know the name of the instrumental. 

End of all hope 
Wish I had an angel 
Tenth man down 
Come cover me 
Gethsemane 
Elan 
Pharaoh sails to Orion
Dead boys poem 
Some high/moderately fast instrumental 
Elvenpath 
I want my tears back 
The carpenter
Kinslayer
Devil and the deep dark ocean
Nemo 
Slaying the dreamer 
The greatest show on Earth 
Ghost love score 

I typed it on Google Keep as each song played, hence the poor capitalisation/formatting.
My wife and I use an Xbox One S, but we also got it for gaming. I can't recommend it as a streaming box, but for that it is very good. 

We also have a Google Nexus Player (like a shield TV but not as good) and it's definitely second rate. 

I can also control my PC from my laptop (stationed at the couch) and use our TV ad a monitor. But that's neither cheap nor elegant.
Great game! An unrelated tip, if you have a cloud provider backing up Documents, changing the autosave might prompt the cloud app to interrupt and hang your game. Google does, anyway, so pause the cloud program while playing. (Fallout 3 crashes are common and hard to prevent as it is and there's no periodic auto save, so save often! 

I didn't have problems with updates in Windows 10, they may have downloaded, but never rebooted on me while playing. Maybe I was just lucky though.
I can kill a large pizza, but I don't feel too hot after. I'm good with 4.
Really like Erica Mendez. She's funny, she interacts with fans on Twitter, and she voiced Yuuki from*Sword Art Online II*, Ryuko from *Kill la Kill*, and she was also Kenya from *Boku Dake ga Inai Machi*.
Easy to see and it doesn't care if you uncheck it. It's not terrible and Adobe gets to keep its free products useful. As a D&D player and DM, I love Acrobat DC. Look up /r/mpmb to see why — it's a fully interactive character sheet maker.
That's reassuring, but it's hard when, where American media focuses on college age characters, Japanese media focuses on middle and high school age characters. I can only ironically participate in best girl discussions. Asuna is my waifu because the point of her character directly references my real wife. But honestly Asuna herself is way too young for me. I've never been particularly attracted to anime girls anyway. Or I'll joke that my waifu is Deku's mom from Boku no Hero Academia or Satoru's mom from Boku Dake ga Inai Machi (both hot, too).
Well, who am I to argue with Noctis, haha! And I had to google 'kouhai', so thanks for that indirect language lesson.

I'm just an old guy, maybe too old (38) to be into an anime with a harem where a guy has a bunch of high school girls at his beck and call, but like Kirito, I met my wife online, so it's personal for me. At my age, they're all too young, but especially Silica, and to a slightly lesser extent, Yuuki — though, mostly because of her condition, she acts like the youngest of the bunch. (And I'd say both Silica and Yuuki act younger than Yui, who is the only one who is supposed to be a little kid.)
If your iPhone is paid off, you should be able to. If it's not, you'll owe the balance, I think, before they start payments on the Note 9.

Also be aware of the various elements of changing platforms. Most notably, you'll want to deactivate iMessage so Apple doesn't withhold your texts. That's a problem people have faced. I don't know what it looks like exactly, but it's preventable as long as you still have control of the iPhone. I imagine you'd deactivate iMessage, probably wanna deactivate iCloud as well, and then factory reset the iPhone. There's another thing you can do before selling it, so the factory reset protection doesn't trigger, but I'm not sure exactly what it is. There are guides, though.
I'm kind of a yes man DM, too. But I'm learning. And if my players mess with my stuff, I mess back. I have a story... not sure if it's appropriate though. Maybe I will share it. I got a negative reaction in my private DM chat, from my current DM, but my last DM liked it.

I think, really though, it's their story, and I tried to impress upon them this from the beginning. I set the stage, but I'm not the storyteller. All I provide is the setting, and I control the NPCs (including monsters). I think it's up to the players to make the story. I mean, your campaign has an arc that has a starting point and an ending point. Your players can choose to abandon the end point. It's not the point of the overall campaign, the whole time you spend with the players. The point is the overall experience. After we finish Lost Mine of Phandelver, I intend to have a second session 0 (0.5 maybe) and talk about the next campaign we want to run. I want to do Curse of Strahd, and I kind of want to do Storm King's Thunder (only one I've played), but I want them to pick. And I want to talk to them about what, if any, character goals they have. If they have any back story elements they want to explore. Maybe an old rival or someone they want to settle things with. They're both new players, and one is as new a player as I am a DM, and the other has been a player for a few months longer than I've been DMing. So we're all learning together, and they're both really forgiving when I don't know the material as well as I should.

Anyway, sometimes consequences are hard, because players are heroic and that's the point. However, depending on your setting, we all answer to the gods, and if they've done that much damage, surely they've gotten the attention of the gods, who could feasibly send X number of monsters after them, including one or more dragons. If they get too powerful, and this is a problem I had when I first played D&D, at 12-13 years old, I let my best friend's character get too big. He sassed a god, and the god threw him into an open plain with a Tarrasque. AD&D 2e. He kicked its ass and asked for seconds. The game wasn't really fun after that. I let him have his way too many times, and he got big AF. Likewise, my friend who has been playing longer than I've been DMing (but not nearly as long as I've been playing), saw that in XGtE, there are new feats. He thought new feats meant he gets one for free. The DM whose game we both play in let it slide. I demanded he show me where it explicitly says he actually gets the feat, as opposed to more feats he can choose from. He couldn't do it. I didn't give him the feat. Now, when his character gets an ASI or feat, he can choose one from the total pool of both books, but he's not taking one from each. (I think my current DM let him have it because he's new, not because he — the DM — doesn't know any better. He absolutely does. He and our host are best friends and D&D nerds who seem to know all the rules and most of the races/classes by heart.)
> Silica + Liz

Lewding the 'baby sister' character is never wholesome. I mean... it's Silica! Don't you want to just pick her up and play with her? Shouldn't be anything sexual at all about her.
A little, maybe, because Reddit can be so toxic. For example, I'll throw the iPhone sub under the bus. They really deserve it. You get a new iPhone and post a picture of it, boom, front page, even though posting pictures of iPhones is against the rules. But if you ask for help with an iPhone? Downvoted to hell.

But still, I think it's still worth sticking your neck out and posting. There are good people up here, and I'd like to think they're not as few or far between as it would sometimes seem.
He will lose, but bless him for having a heart.

Can we, liberals and progressives, agree that for a conservative, Arnold Schwarzenegger is at least a decent man, if not one of the good ones? Sure, there's gonna be some issue you disagree with him on, but I think he's a good person. There are a handful of conservatives I can say the same for. With media and social media and extremists on both sides trying to tear us apart, I think it's important to have people on the other side we can point to and say "I disagree with that person, but I respect them."
Ignis, bad business!
Yeah, they felt like they were dreaming, so no. Consider the last dream **you** had. Some details were vivid and it felt so real, but others... not so much.
Do you write about matches, or something else?

I conceptualised a WWE game years ago that would work as a fanfic for an OC. Basically the idea was that you started out in whatever wrestler's hometown (the game would be based on real wrestlers, and only let you play 1 or 2 (like a guy and a girl) and the rest would be DLC) and you had to build up a reputation not only as a fighter but a member of the community (like an RPG). Your renown would get you signed by the WWE into their development territory (I forget what it's called now, it's out of Florida IIRC) and in there you'd have to work with people socially, throw matches when appropriate, work backstage and do odd jobs to make yourself indispensable to the organisation, and get promoted to SmackDown. Your career would continue until you get transfered to RAW, the premium WWE show (last I saw anyway), and then you'd be on the road, not to WrestleMania, but some other big PPV. And you might lose your big match, but the real goal is to raise fan awareness of your brand, because that, not the win/loss record they don't keep track of anyway, is what makes a pro wrestler. With the ultimate goal to win at WrestleMania.

So I mean, you could take that framework and write a story about how your OC became the biggest WWE superstar in the world and earned the respect of the major players (and I haven't watched in years, John Cena was the top dawg when I watched, I look at the roster now and I don't know the first thing about half these guys).

Doesn't have to be, though. Someone's WWE fanfic got published. I saw it at Walmart one day. It's about a guy who works for the CIA and is friends with Vince McMahon, and he gets the WWE superstars to aid on ops as they travel from town to town, and everyone assumes "rasslin" is fake, so they're not suspected, but in all actuality, Cena, Taker, Mysterio and the rest are all highly trained and specialised super spies.... Corny AF but the premise was solid. I didn't read it but I kind of want to.

Best of luck to you. There's potential there. Maybe not as much as other universes, but there is potential... and a bigger fandom than a lot of popular anime.
Love the buttons!
I don't think the butterfly necessarily means revival, I think it's just to get his attention or something? Anyway, point is I really don't know.

I haven't read the manga but from what I've heard, the ending of the anime was rushed.

Netflix has a live action Erased series that is quite good, and it does the manga ending, as I understand it.
Doesn't do it on iPhone 6s. Tried three times. Goes from the airplane icon to "Searching." But hey, cool for iPhone X users!
Check out ONE OK ROCK.

I mean, between them, RADWIMPS, and AKFG, yeah, pretty good stuff. And there are a lot more. ONE OK ROCK is the best Japanese rock group I've heard. 
Re:Re: is the better song, but I wonder if OP's hateboner for Kimi no Na wa (obscuring the title... the title is Dream Lantern on the official soundtrack) will have any effect.
I never thought very highly of Samsung's cameras, according to testing from other people. I ranked Note 8 below Google Pixel 2/XL and iPhone X in a blind test. This year with the S9 they might have a winner, though we'll have to see.

Apple's never had the most megapixels (not that I recall) but they've always had great results, and that's harder to measure.
I think at this point you're being pedantic for some reason that is personal to you. 

I hope your weekend gets better.
Are they? My last Samsung was the Galaxy S3. Best Android phone I owned. My next (and previous) phone was the HTC One M8, which looked a heck of a lot better, but I fucked up by unlocking the bootloader to flash a special ROM that was not meant for US users (basically turned it into a Nexus phone). That made the \data partition (where user apps, settings etc. go). So I had to, not factory reset, but fully wipe the phone every 10 days or so. Part of the reason I tried iPhone.

The S3 was nice, not because it wasn't a good build quality (you're right, it wasn't), it was nice because you could fuck it up six ways to Sunday, and hook it up to your computer, run a program called Odin, give it about 10 minutes, and it was like you just turned it on for the first time. Fully erased the phone and rebuilt the software to factory.

I didn't like the S8 and the S8+. They didn't feel right, but they were the first 18:9 phones I handled. They just felt too narrow. The Note 8 felt better in my hand, but the one I handled was laggy. The Note phones have always felt great, at least the last few (5, 7, and 8). Before the 5, I think they were more plastic like the S5 and prior. The S9 is a good looking phone, and I like that since the S8 you can put the back button on the left for right-handed use if you want. One thing that's always bugged me about Samsung, they only made lefty phones. Some people are okay with that, but I never was.

If I get another Android phone, it's gotta be Pixel, for the moddability. The idea that once Google stops updating it, I can throw CyanogenMod (now called LineageOS) on it. TouchWiz, Samsung's Android fork, is too bloated and heavy, though I've heard it's gotten better. Stock Android is leaner like iOS, though not nearly as lean. And Lineage is the same way. None of the bullshit you don't need, but a few quality of life features that make it a little better.
You're probably right. Android permissions (and iOS, for that matter) paint with some pretty broad strokes, which has led to years of confusion among users ("what do you mean this app needs access to my phone?" or whatever). That's something they need to work on.
Tell what to Narwhal? That Narwhal has the feature doesn't change a thing I said.
I suppose, if you're used to Facebook (and in particular are mad they took away the post button, so you've adapted to using line breaks their way) but no, that's not the normal action. The normal action for centuries (decades?) of word processing is for enter to make a line break. Like on typewriters? Since the early day of word processors (so, like, 20-30 years?) CTRL+Enter has been page break. Fire up Word or WordPad and try it.
You sure about that? Now, I don't mean *identical* DNA. What I meant was *compatible*. So it sounds like you're implying they aren't related at all...
Ah... afraid of getting hit. Yeah, that makes a little more sense.
Ooh! Love it. Might put her on my lock screen. I like the one I have because her fingers are a little poorly drawn, they almost look like claws, it makes her look more innocent and... feisty. There's a certain aspect to her character where that works in a non-sexual way. I think it's explained in the third episode of her arc? Also why she talks like an 8-year-old. She's a neat character.
But only the iPhone X uses AMOLED. An LCD screen is not better than or equal to an AMOLED screen just because the same company makes it.

Also, iPhone screens are only 720p (750p I think) and 1080p on the Plus and X. And that's enough for me, but Samsung phones use 2K/1440p and I think some use 4K, I'm really not sure, but they have a much higher pixel density that is going to result in higher quality (at the cost of battery life).
All good. I think we were all dumbasses in school.
You mean you can tap it away for each image? That I know. Or are you saying you can disable it entirely? Because I haven't seen that setting.
Separate apps is a good idea for insulating your comment history and whatnot. I don't particularly care and my history runs the gamut from G to XXX, but if I did, yeah, I'd make multiple accounts.

In my experience (forums), multiple accounts is considered deceitful. I realise that's not always the case on Reddit, so that's my way of thinking that needs to change.
Not a big deal, just helps with the contrast. I've had to be a lot pickier on iOS with my wallpapers because if I can't read the text, it bugs me.
Not offended. Screens are what Samsung does best. All the big OEMs tend to have something they do the best. For Apple, it's ease of use and longevity of updates. Used to be cameras, but Pixel 2/P2XL edged out the iPhone X last year.
Obviously science cannot simply make sperm out of whatever (thin air, cloning), but what if a pair of fraternal twins, one male, one female, both want to have gender reassignment surgery? The boy fully believes he's a girl inside and likewise, the girl believes she's a boy. Say by age 7–9, the parents and the kids are 100% sure that gender reassignment surgery is the correct course of action. Can they simply trade? They have the same DNA, so it's not like it's a foreign donation that has a higher chance of being rejected. I used that age range because neither will have gone through puberty yet, and the girl's at least 2 years off. So I'm thinking if they get the 'correct' genitals that matches their brain/mind, will their bodies correct for it, or no? Will they go through puberty correctly, and later, will they be able to reproduce?

So, that being said, if there is a man who wants to transition, would it be possible for him to use a donor ovary? And vice versa? The only problem is, it would be a stranger's eggs and sperm. Not so in the hypothetical case of twins. So then the question could be, what if a man wants to transition, and he has a sister who has no intention of bearing children, so she offers to donate her ovaries (or, for that matter, her uterus as well). That would be a bit of an extreme case, I know, but one must wonder. It would be easier the other way, as a brother with a sister who wants to transition could donate one testicle.
Unless there's a valid difference. All things being equal, you're right. And I'm not saying you're wrong, but there's a whole topic explaining the issue. I don't think it can be simply waved away like that.

Besides, it isn't like conservatives are opposed to both abortion and welfare or anything...

Also, you putting liberal in air quotes, is that because you're not sure it's the right word? Liberal is not the opposite of conservative, progressive is. Conservatives can be liberal and in fact everyone who supports gun rights is supporting a liberty. The opposite of liberal is authoritarian, or statist. In short, progressive means moving society forward and conservative means keeping things as they are, or moving forward at a slower, more reserved and cautious pace. Liberal means liberties are in the hands of the people, and authoritarian/statist means liberties are assigned by the state or an authority. As applies to this thread, the liberal believes people should be free to choose their gender (or culture). The statist/authoritarian believes these should be assigned by someone in authority (doctors for gender, government for culture). The progressive believes in a world where everyone is free to choose. The conservative says "whoa, not so fast."
We're in a world where those issues are present. The country doesn't matter.

We're also in a world where people think "ect" is a word and genital mutilation is okay as long as it's one gender and not the other. Muslims mutilate girls and Jews and Christians mutilate boys. Yes, one is more damaging, but I think taking a knife to any child's private parts is worse than molestation. Both should be banned worldwide and punished harshly. Mutilating both genders, I mean. Not genital mutilation in general and misspelling words from a "dead" language, haha.
Acting like something isn't the same as identifying, though. Also, it's racist to say a black person is acting white, or vice versa, or that an Asian person is acting white (or to call an Asian person yellow, for that matter). Now, *weeaboo*, the term for a non-Asian person acting Asian (typically because they're an anime/manga consumer) is a bit more accurate as that's an intentional aberration.

There's also Americans who act or take on mannerisms of the British, either because of *James Bond* or more recently *Kingsman*, but I don't think any of this approaches the concept of 'transracial.' I think people just adapt to their environment, and if you're being heavily influenced by another culture, you adapt to it a little. Black kids "acting white" aren't doing so because they reject their black heritage, they do so because they're surrounded by white kids. They want to fit in. Likewise, white kids might see black kids and realise they're different, and want to act like them to help them acclimate. I don't think it's anything more than that.

I also don't think race dictates behaviour or mannerisms. I think they can be contributing factors, but I don't believe they dictate.
I think this is a Chrome thing and not an Android thing, especially as Nougat isn't the newest Android update. 
That's a dumb reason. Not on you, on whoever rationalised that to you, or to Google to get the dumb feature approved.

Obviously we, users, don't want our computer or anyone else recording what we do, but if we initiate the action, it should fucking let us. I can see the argument for not screenshotting Snapchat, if someone's sexting you, you shouldn't be saving their self-destructing nudes. Otherwise, let the user do it.
*Unreal Tournament* (or *UT2004*). Everything else is in line behind them.

Came in here to say *Deus Ex*, which is based on *Unreal Tournament*, but it's more of an ARPG (like *Fallout 3*). Still a great shooting game, but it sounds like you're more into mayhem than thinking. Thus, *UT*.
One of my favourite movies! Blew my mind, I came across someone dumping on the movie, and they said Queen did in ~3 minutes what Nolan took 2 and a half (3?) hours to do. Queen has a song called The 39s or something like that. Find a lyric video and read the lyrics with the song. It's... pretty good, and the critic wasn't wrong. But Queen was an exceptional band, Freddie Mercury was certainly a cut above... and *Interstellar* is still a great film.
Care to share? I have *Kimi no Na wa.* on my home screen, but Yuuki is on my lock screen. [Here's what that looks like on my phone](https://i.imgur.com/fgJmwOw.png), and [here's the actual wallpaper](https://i.imgur.com/6GkJTA8.jpg).
I like it too, but how old is your phone? Are you running an iPhone 4s or older? Newest phone I can think of that this image's resolution and aspect ratio would fit. Or are you stretching it or cutting off the sides?

Sorry, phone guy. I get technical. It's a great picture of Asuna in any case.
> I asked him what gave him that idea and he said it was Aragorn fighting the wraiths atop the watchtower in Fellowship of the Ring. Pretty awesome.

I was thinking "bullshit" until I read this. I haven't seen the LOTR movies in years, so I don't remember this, but I vaguely have an idea.

Honestly, I don't think bright light affects people with Darkvision like that. It's not like bright light hurts their eyes. They aren't Drow. They aren't from the Underdark. They see in the day the same as you and I. I can't explain Darkvision because it's a magical effect, but I wouldn't think torchlight would bother them any more than a race without Darkvision. But D&D isn't real life, and if it worked for Aragorn, surely it can work for your D&D game. So I actually like this.
A girl's breasts, if you're an anime character, apparently!
I don't know. I just know Apollo is shit for NSFW subs.

My issue isn't with Apollo or /u/iamthatis at all. In fact, I agree with his reasoning. He wants to make the Reddit app that Apple would make. I love that, and Apple would do the same thing.

The issue is that every other Reddit app, AFAIK, honours the Reddit preference for displaying NSFW content. So if you go to the trouble on the Reddit desktop site and browse to an NSFW sub, you'll get all the content. With Apollo, it's still obscured and that's working as intended, though it seems like a bug until you realise what's going on.

And that's why I keep a secondary Reddit app. Also, have you ever opened Reddit on an NSFW page and thought "holy shit who can see this?" with regards to shoulder surfers? I never do, because I only open Apollo when browsing Reddit in public. And because of its anti-NSFW policy, I don't have to worry. My secondary Reddit app I only open privately, and it's set to an NSFW multi that I made. I would not open that app in public.
*Swanheart* by Nightwish. First thing that comes to mind. You'll have to find it on YouTube as the band seems to have lost the rights to their first four albums (they're not on the streaming services, it's weird, even their recent compilation album is missing songs from those albums).
Likely no, because this app strictly adheres to Apple's content policies. Use Readder (second best iOS Reddit app) for smut.
Well, the iPhone X certainly has an AMOLED screen, but it still can't hide the app icon labels... Well, maybe they also have jailbreak? I guess we can go there.
S8, Note 8, or S9, yeah. And no, it wouldn't, those phones have AMOLED screens. Give the Devil his due, Samsung has amazing screens. iPhone is good, but their screens aren't that great. They're just good. 

Also, you can disable icon labels on Android so it's literally just the icon (like iOS does with the dock).
I'd say hard PG-13. I run SAO, and SAO itself isn't an ecchi show, though it does deal with mature subjects (sexual assault). There are nude cards, cards of the girls in bra and panties, and pictures of the girls in swimsuits. None of these appeared in the show.

The nude card is Comforting Moment, Asuna. Nude from the waist up, hair conveniently covering nipples. As a fan of the show, I can tell you this scene does not appear in the series at all. 

The bra/panties cards are _____ Changes Clothes. Fill in Asuna, Lisbeth, or Suguha — there are three. The first two are from the same shot, though none of this is in the show.

The only lewd cards I run is Comforting Moment, Asuna, because it's a damn good card. Level 0 power 1000, return two characters from waiting room to deck, then it gets +1 soul. On reversal, top check, level 1 or higher (or not, I forget) it goes to stock. Great card for the early game.
Don't buy the album if you're going to see them live! Way I heard it, everyone with a ticket gets a copy of the album. That doesn't quite sound right, but I'm going to see them Monday night, so we'll see. I'll buy the album if I don't get a copy at the venue, I love the band... I want a copy on CD to keep. And of course I'll extract (rip) it with a tool I have, it's configured to get the best possible sound, though really, in CURRENT_YEAR, we shouldn't be using MP3 if we care about quality... MPEG-4 Audio (M4A) or OGG are better. Of course, FLAC/ALAC is the best, but you pay for it in file size. I think high bitrate M4A is probably gonna be the best... not that these old ears can hear a difference. I just feel that, for Nightwish, the quality should matter.
I see games are starting to catch up with anime and manga for weird titles. 
Thanks for the reply and the expertise — that mostly made sense. ;) Yeah, I don't know enough Japanese to speak it fluently, let alone teach anyone. I do like to pepper my speech with it when it feels applicable.
Okay, that makes sense! Is that why some TV shows like *Blue's Clues* and *Dora the Explorer* simulate interactivity with kids?
That's great, thanks for the examples. German is a beautiful language, too. Danke!
I'd like to agree it's never too early to start, I'm just worried she wouldn't appreciate or remember the story. Though I do like the idea of reading a story to a baby, and while they're not conscious of the story, it's sort of a part of them in an unshakeable way because they got it subconsciously or something. If it's a good story... I trolled my wife by pretending to look at an ebook on my phone and saying, "The Man in Black fled across the desert, and the Gunslinger followed." She about tore the phone out of my hand. That's the opening line to Stephen King's *The Dark Tower* series. Very good series for adult readers. Kids, not so much.
No, because we've only got to keep her for 2 nights so far out of about 300 (10x30). In the grand scheme of things, we have no control over how much 'screen time' she gets.

There are valuable things to discuss and learn in such a conversation, but it would be wasted on me as I have no control over it. Ideally I would like to only read to my child when I have one, but there are many great learning shows on TV that I can't discount outright.
Okay, that makes a lot of sense. So they're aware that what's on screen isn't real vs real people? That's interesting.
Oh, no one's trying to raise her to be bilingual. It's just my wife and I are into music and movies from other countries. But that's awesome — that it can be a good thing. I was wondering if it might be detrimental or of no value either way. Thanks for the reply!
I think the *Final Fantasy* games have had the best music overall. The opening/prelude has evolved over the years, and the [prelude for XV/15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oSuk4EVLvI) with its vocalisations is just breathtaking. And then there's [Somnus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMBRBXe7Qro), which plays during the final chapter. It's been part of the game for over a decade, since the first teaser/trailer when it was called *Final Fantasy vs XIII*.

OP, I never played *Halo 2*, but the first *Halo* had a pretty good opening, as I recall.
Bullshit. Google stuff actually works great on iOS. We even have Opinion Rewards now, and it pays out to PayPal, which puts it a step up from the Android version. We obviously don't have the Play Store or the Pixel Launcher for obvious reasons, and the storefront has been removed from the Music, Books, and Movies/TV app. 

I'm a Google user on iOS, and I'm not missing shit.
They didn't assume you didn't know, they assumed good faith when you were being deceptive. By not saying, they assumed the lesser of two evils about you. Ignorance isn't great, but it's very forgiveable. You just copped to deception, which implies malice and is worse. 

No, one thing doesn't negate the other, but the consumer should absolutely be made aware of what this guy is about before they run his code on their computer. Let them decide. I'm sure he doesn't go banning people who never interact with him, for example. It seems very simple to avoid his wrath, and if you can do that, benefit greatly from his service. However, morally, a good person may reasonably opt for the high road and avoid the situation altogether.
Light coloured carpets are for the childless. Guarantee some food and drink has been spilled on that carpet. Though, it is unusually dark.
I'm an Atheist. I don't believe in gods. I just don't. 

And religion is both a con to separate fools from their money... and women and children from their propriety. But it can also offer community. And give people who are lost a framework for how to be. I don't think it's all bad. It just isn't for me. 
Apps controlling cars. 

If you have a Tesla, there's an Android and iOS app you can get. You can do all kinds of stuff like sweet the cabin temperature and have the app notify you when it's reached it. 

Good for millionaires, right? Well, the technology to do that itself is really not that special. If your car can connect to your home WiFi, or a hotspot device, the computer needed to get the data from your car can probably be made for under $100. I'm talking Raspberry Pi, Amazon Fire, or something custom. There's a port under the steering wheel that can transmit all that information, so you interface with that and run power to the battery. 

The catch is getting the car to do things for you. Most of them aren't set up for remote access and operation. Those changes won't be terribly expensive, though. We're already starting to move to digital controls. Accepting commands from the OBD2 or whatever the port is called is not a huge stretch.

When will it happen? When manufacturers realise they can charge $5k for $100–$500 worth of parts. Then they'll just put it in every vehicle they sell, to buy the tech in bulk and drive their costs down. Enough people will pay that it will be worth it to give it to people who don't pay, and then pitch it to them whenever they come in for the free oil changes. For just so much (and of course it's on sale, they can install it for you. And by install, I mean activate what's already there. Won't be too long then before everybody's got it. 

What all will you be able to do? Remote start is already a thing, so that, for sure. No more waiting in a cold car for it to warm up. App control of locks and windows. Keys locked in car but you have your phone... Or you can borrow a stranger's smartphone, install the app, sign in, unlock your car, sign out, and uninstall the app, and you're in. Easy peasy. The aforementioned cabin temperature. Plus, things like notifications when you need gas — or service. Yeah, the dealer will definitely try to sell you shit you don't need through the app. Those impulse sales will also help pay for it, and justify the startup costs.
Yearly fee for updates. If you paid Stardock for their software legally, you'd know this is their business model. Not knowing it implies you pirated it; knowing but being disingenuous about it implies deceit. 

Sure, you can pay once and get the current version, and updates for one year. Then you're cut off and have to pay again. It's not really a bad thing, in fact it's how software used to be sold. I just wanted to be up front that they are using that model. I'm not judging. Though I don't think their software is worth a yearly fee. Others who pay disagree; more power to them.
Can't wait. I've tried qttabbar and clover, and they have stability issues. I'm curious about the Stardock app, but loathe to pay a yearly fee for the privilege. I've used a couple free, open source, and portable file managers over the years, but I really like the regular one in Windows 10, ribbon and all. I can wait... I'm more into side by side, like Aero snap, like we've had since 7, and the quick access I have a dozen folders added to. Frankly, my work flow in Windows Explorer is fine. The best things you can do are to add your most commonly used folders to quick access, learn to right click them → open in new window, and then (and only then), Aero snap a window, and then click the one you just opened to get them side by side. Works wonders! Oh, also in the far upper left, click that down arrow — that's a quick launch in Windows 10. You can add more commands up there. Super useful!
Yeah, but clickbaity sites like Neowin and The Verge said it's coming today to bring in the clicks. It is coming today (as far as I know) to Insiders, but for those of us in the stable ring (which is everyone by default), it probably won't be until the Fall update or possibly as late as the Spring update... or possibly never.
Well, black tends to hide curves. I think Asuna's mouth looks a bit weird. I don't think I've seen it drawn like that. Probably wrong. I mean, another comment said it was official art, so I'm probably just trippin' because I need to go to sleep. So when I say "I'll be in my bunk," it's not because this picture is hot (it is), it's because I've been up for the last 16 hours.
For everyone asking if it's worth it: YES. In other words, FUCKING YES.

For people wondering about the price... it's usually around $25–$30 USD year-round on Amazon. The reason it's MSRP $49.99 is because *Dungeons & Dragons* is produced by Wizards of the Coast, which also makes *Magic: The Gathering* (and has since before it bought *D&D* from TSR). *M:TG* is a constant money maker for shops because players continually buy cards. Rival gaming product *Warhammer: 40,000* is a constant money maker for shops because players continually buy minis. *D&D* however, is not, so the MSRP is jacked up so hobby shops can make a nice profit on the books. Amazon doesn't give a shit, so they sell it for just a little more than they pay for it. (You should never buy *D&D* books from places like Barnes & Noble. They aren't hobby shops, and charge the full MSRP. That extra $20+ is supposed to go to shops that host *D&D* events. I've never heard of a B&N hosting a *D&D* game. Have you? Didn't think so. Buy elsewhere.) Does that make you an asshole for buying your *D&D* books cheaply on Amazon? Kind of, if you take advantage of your local hobby shop's services and you never spend money there. But really, $20 is $20 and $60 is $60, so save the money where you can. The DM screen and Starter Set aren't as different in price, so I bought those at my local hobby shop. Also bought 3–4 sets of Chessex dice there at $10 each, and countless single dice at $1 each. But, you should know you can get like 18 sets of randomly coloured dice on Amazon for about $19. (I mean each set has 7 polyhedral dice of the same colour/style, but they're random. They're not quite as nice as the Chessex dice, they're lighter, and they feel like they'll crack with a lighter hammer swing, but they roll just fine and they're almost as pretty.)
And must be recharged, I'm sure.

Just make an app!

MKBHD has a Tesla, and he has the Tesla app, and I'm not sure what all's in it, but I've seen he can remote set the cabin temperature, and be notified when it reaches that point. Probably a lot more you can do at that point, including tell the app the gas level and estimated mileage to empty.

And you might think this kind of thing might be limited to the Tesla, or to high end cars, but we're really not that far away from most cars having this information. It's rather trivial to do, and we're probably going to hit a point where all of a sudden everyone has it and people are saying, "whoa, wait, now who all has access to this?" and privacy issues and hacking concerns start popping up... it's sort of already begun with Google Maps/Waze, sat nav, dash cams, and such.
I was never in the service or in sports, so I never got called by my last name in school or elsewhere. My wife started calling me by my last name, because it's funny, I guess.
I don't see a section of the settings called site settings, but I just updated to the latest.

I know about this feature, and I'll turn it off if it conflicts with uBlock Origin, but I don't think it will. I think it's nice that Google is doing something for people, but I don't think it will solve enough problems for me to ditch a real ad blocker.
$65 USD, more or less. And then shipping's gonna start at around $8-9 for 3-6 weeks and go up to $20-30 to get it sooner, with a few stops in between. In other words, you'll pay at least about $75 for this.
Hey, I'm not Spotify. I'm only guessing here. I only know what I know.

I can tell you that negotiating music licenses is a nightmare. To even get all the record labels on board with the family plan, I'm sure Spotify had to assure them that it was people all living at the same address who could hear each other's music anyway.

I'm also not the Spotify police. I don't care if you split your family plan up amongst people on six continents, I'm just saying that if you do that, Spotify can see the IP addresses and connect the dots and they could choose to void your family plan, or ban all of you from the service. It's really up to them how they want to handle it. But if you all live within say 50 miles of each other, good faith explanations like the ones you offered will probably be assumed or at least accepted. But I don't really know because I'm not with them. 
It should. You should all be fairly close geographically though. I don't know what the range is. Spotify can see where you're accessing from. And you will need to provide the exact same address with each activation.
Isn't that true of any DNS or VPN routing blocker, though? 

The ideal situation would be to use a trusted DNS service and anonymise the traffic, but I'm not sure how feasible that would be. Networking is like sorcery to me.
I paid like $75 for the limited edition Blu-ray. I hesitate to buy the digital because, for one, it's only in one language. Pick English or Japanese. Or buy it twice. And I think that's unfair. Two, it's not compatible with Movies Anywhere, a service operated by Disney that mirrors your digital purchases across five services: Movies Anywhere itself, Amazon, Google Movies (which includes YouTube), iTunes, and Vudu. If I buy a movie on digital, I want it mirrored in case one goes down for whatever reason. Or, in case one wants to limit me to SD because they have beef with my ISP (YouTube does this; CenturyLink is the ISP they don't like).
So are you. I'm glad iOS is getting some great Reddit apps now.
I use [AdBlock by FutureMind](https://itunes.apple.com/sg/app/adblock/id691121579), and since the last big update... it kinda works when it wants. I know it's not their fault, Apple basically nerfed them, but would AdGuard do a better job, or are they all doing the same thing?

Edit: buying it either way. My wife used the free version on Android for over a year and a half and it was good. I got her using DNS66 now, which is supposed to be better (?) but I'm not sure.
The best answer you'll get here, I believe, is, "we just don't know." *Jurassic Park* made a hell of a case in the little cartoon the park director showed the visitors, and it's worth noting that book author Michael Crichton comes from a scientific background. So he's not completely full of shit. While *Jurassic Park* is a work of fiction, it could be that Crichton was on the right track. Or maybe he's not, but again... we just don't know.

It's also worth noting that there is a growing population of super wealthy individuals who have opted to die by cryogenic freezing in the hopes that they can be revived at some point in the future. It's believed that Walt Disney's head is similarly preserved, and some say it's preserved under either Disneyland or Disney World, but there's no definitive answer on that. Everyone who was cryogenically frozen was most likely told that the process **would** kill them, and that there's no certainty that they would ever be revived.

The thing is, DNA is unique to an individual, it's not a blueprint for the species. If you're religious, you would have to believe that the soul for that individual has already been judged and moved on to the next plane of existence, and therefore it can never be brought back. If you're not, you might be open to the possibility that DNA contains enough data to bring someone back.

Now, for what I believe personally... I am writing a story with an element in common with *Jurassic Park*. People daily or weekly submit DNA samples for disease screening, but another service offered is that if the person dies, their latest DNA sample can be used to clone them. This is on another world, not Earth, so I can play fast and loose with science a little. Maybe there is a little magic on that world. Science is not my background. Science fiction isn't the genre of my story, either. It's dark fantasy. It's a little *Star Wars*, it's a little *Deus Ex*, it's a little *Final Fantasy*... but I am writing this story because I am somewhat hopeful of the future. There's also a *Black Mirror* angle here. This is a wonderful technology, but how can it be abused? To be more specific, what if you have a fight with someone, kill them, and have them cloned? They don't remember the fight because the last sample was taken before the initial disagreement. And they have to take your word that they were, say, hit by a bus or whatever fiction you feed them. But I don't want to preach the evils of cloning. I only wish to explore the subject.
I do. And I think my wife didn't really dig it at first, but now she's cool with it. For about the last five years, she's been watching anime, and she prefers watching in Japanese with the English subtitles, so she's used to subs. Before it was an annoyance. I grew up having to keep the sound down, so subtitles were a must as I was watching the TV on Mute or just above.

There's a science behind it... we retain some of what we hear, but more of what we read. That might be hard to prove, but one area it's definitely true is names. If a name is given once, you're more likely to remember it if you read it while you heard it, than if you just heard it (since the name was an inconsequential part of the dialogue). Chances are, if you just heard it, you're not likely to recall it the next time you see that character. You're more likely to remember that they're the character who did the thing, than you are to remember their name. While this is mainly for side characters (you should know the main characters), when you *start* a series, this will help you learn the main cast faster. (Another way to do that is, if the actors' names are shown in the opening credits, get in the habit of remembering who plays who. Even if you're not familiar with the actors themselves.

tl;dr: It helps with comprehension.
Generally, that's because you're watching in surround sound and you only have 2 speakers (or 1) and it's choosing poorly on which channels to play at which volume. It's a common problem. If you can get a 2-channel audio track, it'll sound better (if that's your problem), but finding multiple audio channels over cable/satellite isn't common, and when it does happen it's the Spanish audio. (I wonder if anime could be broadcast this way...) Easier on DVD/Blu-ray.
My first guess would be a vs fighting game, though I don't really know much about them now. I knew Street Fighter II and Mortal Kombat way back when, but haven't followed the genre. I know there's one that has the Ninja Turtles. And of course Smash (which isn't strictly in the genre) has cameos, too.

That, or Bethesda, but we're still at least a couple years away from the next Elder Scrolls. I mean, Bethesda does stupid wacky shit like that, like the space core from Portal 2 in Skyrim (PC only, but official from Valve and Bethesda). And Fallout 4 has the paid mods crossing over from Doom, Prey, and possibly other Bethesda titles (oh yeah, and the horse armor gag, that was from Oblivion).
You get billed $15 instead of $10. You get 5 invite codes. You have to put in your address, and then each family member must type it exact to join from the code. You can boot a member and get a new code.

They keep their old account, but they get premium if successfully invited.

Your account stays premium. You can cancel family and everyone's account drops to free. Or you can drop yours to free as well, I suppose.

And it's $15 for all six, billed to the person who signs up for family.
You never know how something's going to resonate with readers until it's out there, and then you can't change it. So if you have an idea you're passionate about, you have to convey that without overselling it. If you're passionate about what your story's about, it's your job as a writer to make the reader see it as you do.

Well, at least that's how I see it.

I couldn't get through *A Wrinkle in Time*. I liked the beginning, but it got real weird real quick. Looking forward to the movie, though.
What about the Essential PH-1? Different notch style, but still.
Ooh... Are they trying to recreate it in iOS, then?
Yeah. Meh. Especially the way they snub Japanese films. I don't know, maybe it's an American only awards ceremony? Either way, the best movies aren't even being nominated, so IDGAF. It simply isn't relevant anymore.
So you don't realise Apollo (and Readder) have swipe gestures, too? *Baka na no...*

I tried Narwhal. It was okay. I think it was the first iOS Reddit app I used. Dropped it when Beam came along. But I used it for a couple weeks. It's not bad. It's probably gotten better. I'm not gonna trash it.
My favourite as well. I've been using iOS for the past 23 months, and I've tried most of the Reddit apps. Our best is called Apollo, followed by Readder. Android users are spoiled for great choices, though.
Can you unlock the bootloader, or nah? If you can use custom firmware, you can get a stripped down TouchWiz ROM if you like how your phone looks now, but you want to get rid of some annoyances. When I had my S3, the TouchWiz ROM I used didn't have the stupid headphone notification. They took it out. And you wouldn't have that AT&T contacts app or Facebook forced on you. It might have the TouchWiz apps. Not sure though. It's been ages.

Of course, there are also a shit ton of ROMs based on AOSP (stock Android).

Or have you already gotten rid of it? I just noticed the past tense. ;)

I don't want another Samsung, but I might be inclined to change my mind if I was reasonably sure after Samsung stopped supporting it, I could get the bootloader unlocked and put Lineage (used to be CyanogenMod) on it. That's like stock Android with some more options and creature comforts, but I don't think they put bloat in. A Galaxy S9 running stock Android would be a thing of beauty. But for all its bloat, TouchWiz at its best is very nice to look at.
You're in /r/iPhone, we're limited to apps that run on iOS. I've used both platforms, and Sync is my favourite on Android, but I can't run it on my iPhone.
Nova Prime is arguably the best launcher out there, though Action Launcher is hot on its heels. Action has more features, but Nova runs better.

Still, changing the launcher doesn't change the fact that TouchWiz is forked from Android, to mostly detriment. If Apple let us change the launcher, and Kevin Barry ported Nova to iOS, running it wouldn't mean we're running Android all of a sudden. It would still be iOS. Changing the launcher doesn't change the OS. I think a lot of people fundamentally know that, but there's this misconception that TouchWiz (and Sense, and LG UI, and the others) are just skins that can be changed. They're not.
You're talking about Sync for Reddit, on Android? It was my first choice for Reddit apps on Android. Sadly, it's not on iOS — are you telling me that's changed?

Actually, Apollo is pretty good, and I think I would miss it if I went back to Android. And I think it's a sure bet that /u/iamthatis has no intention to port it (and I don't blame him). Android has enough great Reddit apps. iOS, not so much. It's one area we're definitely behind in! Trakt (TV/movie tracking) is another (iShows is the best, but it's no SeriesGuide) and I can name a few others. I've used both platforms and will continue to use both.
Well, it's *only* the best Reddit app out there right now.
The Galaxy S9 will have a headphone jack. Samsung never got rid of them. You have a 64GB phone now. The S9 is a 64GB phone, but it also has a microSD slot.

If headphone jack is that important, and based on the fact that you have a 64GB phone, I feel comfortable recommending the S9 to you. But everyone has different needs and preferences. I myself don't like Samsung's software, but I like almost everything else about the S9.

Look into the S9. Your 64GB iPhone 6s cost $750 at launch. The S9 goes for $720, so it's $30 less than what you paid 2.5 years ago. There are going to be deals on it if you can wait. I have the 128GB 6s, and I paid $850 for it... the S9+ is only $840. Kinda mind blowing. But I want stock Android, and I don't use the headphone jack, and if I have 128GB internal, I don't need a memory card slot. Memory cards are slow as shit anyway, and I don't like my stuff in 2 different locations.
UFS is catching up. When the 6s came out, NVMe was the clear winner, particularly at higher speeds. However, I've seen UFS-based Android phones outperform the iPhone X on loading speeds. So I'm really not sure.

A lot of fandroids deny Apple even uses NVMe, which is quite silly. I'd expect the more power users to step up and say, "yeah, they got us beat on storage r/w speed, let's step it up and demand better of Google and the OEMs." But they don't. A lot of these jokers insist the Android platform is better in every way, and that's their starting point, and they don't budge from it.
Nox is different people. Reach out to them... I know they're active on G+ of all places. I trust them.

If you have a good computer though, just get VirtualBox and run Androidx86. They have Oreo builds. For some reason, none of the emulators can get past KitKat.
What? Everybody talks about this. I think it's less important because slaves were also stolen by the slave traders.

Basically it boils down to this. Great Britain paid gold for tobacco. African tribal leaders paid slaves for gold. American slavers paid tobacco for slaves. And then Great Britain paid more gold for more tobacco, and that's more or less how it went. There were other factors, but since many slaves died on the way to America, that was the least effective leg of the trip, so this made slaves worth less to the traders, cost more to the Americans, and the slave traders would grab Africans independent of the ones they bought. 

Never mind the fact that slavery is immoral and it could be said that the African tribal leaders did not own the people to sell them, and the slave traders were in the wrong by creating the demand, plus there were the ones they just took.

Anyway, it doesn't matter that African tribal chiefs sold African slaves when blaming the slave traders or plantation owners in the US. They don't lose blame because other Africans sold them the slaves. They still get all the blame. Just like if you're blaming the African tribal leaders, they don't get to shift blame on the American market for slaves.

tl;dr slavery is shit and slavers don't get to hide behind whataboutism. 
Samsung...

...still has a micro SD card slot...

...still has a headphone jack...

...does not have a notch...

...seems to be on the right side of things here. And I think the S9 is a huge step forward. The only two problems I see are, I want the "Bixby" button to work as a shutter, and I want the ability to run stock Android on it. I never liked TouchWiz. However, the Galaxy S3 was my favourite Android phone. It was super easy to modify. I don't know if they still are. The S9 has a shit ton of good things going for it. And my head is still kinda spinning that the S9+ is $840, $10 less than I paid for my iPhone 6s 23 months ago. I wanna run the iPhone until I can't, though, and it still runs great. It's got a headphone jack and no notch... no microSD (no iPhone does) but it's 128GB, so IDGAF. 
The V20 does not have a notch. What the V20 actually has is a second screen. They appear to be connected though, don't they? It's literally one display on top of the main one. It's not the same thing. But, I guess in the context of notches, it sort of qualifies.
Ryuko Matoi. ;) Or Ryuuko. Not sure why there's a variance in spelling. The person I replied to covered that. I don't know LWA. Little Witch Academia, right? I never watched it.
Yep! I love her work, she brings a unique style to her voice. Really made the Yuuki character for me. I don't know if the Japanese VA did the same thing, but I'd hope so. I'd have to be a native speaker to pick up on it. [SAO II spoilers](/s "Basically, Erica Mendez uses a childlike dialect because her medical condition has had her in isolation since she was about 8, so even though she's 14-16, she talks like an 8 year old.")

SAO II is in English on Hulu and I think one other place (Crackle or go90, one of the lesser known legal streaming sites). Hopefully it comes to Netflix soon. 
YLIA is one of my favourite series, and though I didn't notice this, it wouldn't surprise me in the least. There's a bunch of hidden things in anime people miss.

I'm actually not a fan of anime, per se — I'm a fan of great storytelling. I got into anime because there were so many original stories vs the same shit on American TV. Another thing about anime, and animation in general, is that nothing is accidental. Everything was drawn, so everything has a purpose. If you find something, chances are it's not a coincidence.

For example, Sword Art Online II. [Spoilers for SAO II](/s "When you meet the character 《Zekken》 Yuuki, you might notice she's wearing this sporty headband. I use the funny foreign quotes because her headband is an Easter egg. See, in the US, our quotes are floating commas, like this: ''. However, in other countries, like Japan \(and also France, apparently\), 《 and 》 are quotes as well. Her headband literally reads 'end quote.' Now if you've seen the end of SAO II, I am so sorry. If you haven't... get on that.")


You have a song from The Who in the brackets. Fuck whoever that goes up against sideways. Though that might be presuming too much about people voting. I dunno. We shall see. I feel like that's not really fair to throw in there, though it certainly qualifies.

Does SAO qualify as a bad series? I really like it, but it gets a lot of hate up here. Unjustifiably I might add, as so many people say they only like the first arc/first 14 episodes, but they don't know the anime it's based on (.hack//SIGN). Personally I feel Reki Kawahara's writing got better after he unlatched his lips from .hack's tit, but others disagree. But Mother's Rosario, the fifth and final arc, was fucking outstanding. Like, SAO and even .hack//SIGN did not deserve to have an arc this fucking good. And then I hear the Alicization stuff (the 10 or so books that follow) are even better? I hope to see a lot of people come around and realise that SAO isn't that bad, or SAO 3 changes their minds and they go back and realise it had some good things to offer.

Anyway, if SAO counts as a bad anime, *Courage*. It's in the brackets today, too, and it's the OP for the Mother's Rosario arc. I won't be surprised if it loses, but everyone who votes against it should do themselves a favour and watch it.
Erica Mendez was also Yuuki in Sword Art Online II (aka best girl of season 2). 

Cassandra Morris was also Taiga "Palm Top Tiger" Aisaka in Toradorable... I mean Toradora. I love that my phone makes that autocorrect "mistake."
The fact that pirates have it early isn't Denuvo's fault, is Square's, for not pushing up the release. Even in digital, nobody does that, and I think they should. The fact that I can get the game for free right now or pay to wait is not a good position to be in. I have my honesty, but not a lot of people do and will take the free, albeit illegal option.

I've never heard of anyone but EA going after pirates, but maybe Square should start. I'd rather see them go after pirates than punish customers... but we all know they'll simply do both before they sever their relationship with Denuvo.
Showed a 🍰 next to your name when I replied to you. That was yesterday though.
Sick setup. Took me way too long to realise why your keyboard is backwards.
From what I've heard, the anime is basically the anime equivalent of shitposting.
You might be right. And I don't entirely disagree. I just don't personally have a problem with what Amazon is doing. I don't really blame them, though I see your point.

I'll tell you what does fuck me off about Amazon. The fact that they allow so many Chromecast knockoffs. I can see if they only want to allow their streaming stick. But search for Chromecast and there are so many knockoffs. I think they should ban those, too. I think if they're going to sell counterfeit products, they should clearly mark them as such. What's a counterfeit product? Any streaming stick that is designed to look like a Chromecast would absolutely qualify. Any streaming stick that doesn't (like Fire Stick) would be okay.

Oh hey, happy cake day, BTW.
I actually hadn't considered what LGBT acceptance is like in this world. I grew up believing it's as normal as hair colour. You can thank *Star Trek: The Next Generation* for that, though at the time I watched it, I didn't know what gays/lesbians were, and though gays were addressed in one episode (*The Measure of a Man*), otherwise I don't think they were at all. But it stemmed from that, the idea that men and women of various races were equal, even the alien (Worf, the Klingon) and the android (Data). The blind guy (Geordi) was one of the most valuable members of the crew, and not only did him being black not matter, but I doubt he could tell a person's race. He saw in thermal vision. (Though, I think he was able to play cards, so I don't know.) I certainly never expected it to be a problem for him. It is dystopian, but that doesn't mean people are bigoted, necessarily. (They are bigoted though, just not against gays or blacks, it's a class divided thing.)

I really hadn't thought much about the girl as a character very much. I'm not sure if I've named her or not. There is a named girl (girl and guy, they're siblings) but I'm not sure if she's this character or someone else. The siblings stick together (they're fraternal twins) and that might or might not fit. There are about six or seven kids in this dorm area, so I'm thinking the siblings, the main guy, one other boy, and two other girls. One of the girls is a kind of den mother. She's basically the preteen girl who looks after the little kids because her parents are losers. Unfortunately there are too many of those in the real world. Not unfortunately because they're not great people, they absolutely are, but because there are so many bad parents out there.

Anyway, I absolutely appreciate the time and input.
The video covered that. Or do you mean another patch?
You keep putting a hyphen in the middle of Walmart. Why do you do that? They used to stylise their logo with a star in the middle back in the 90s, but it's been "Walmart" for decades. I dunno, it just looks weird.

It's probably not Walmart everywhere, just around here. I don't know, though.
He's clearly passionate about the source material that went into his books (RPO and Armada) and he's probably still riding that high of being able to make a living sharing his passion. Sounds like a fun guy.
Except the keyboard on iOS, because Apple. I don't recall if Android does it. Android might leave it up to the keyboard.
In addition to many great answers, have a handful of NPCs playing D&D at one table. Because why not.
But Amazon's doing just fine as they are. Either they or Jeff Bezos' net worth hit some major milestone recently. And if you pay for Prime and don't use the video service (which I do as well, and don't either), you're/we're saving them money, which is a win for them.

I think Amazon should sell Google products and Google should unblock YouTube on Amazon products, but both of these companies are doing just fine staying the course.
I said take them over or regulate them. You're talking about regulating them. I never said you said the government should take them over, but you still qualify the statement by saying they should be regulated. And that's fine but I think it's another debate. One I'm not really qualified to take part in.

Walmart's been selling milk for a buck a gallon for months, way below what everyone else charges.
Amazon has no authority to keep anyone else from selling it. Well, except their third party sellers. But they aren't the only game in town. And Amazon can't keep Best Buy from selling Google stuff.
Haha, well this guy goes through Hell. So it's not going to be something a gay reader is going to read and think, "gee, I want this guy's life." If anyone reads that and thinks that, then I haven't done my job. If girls and gay guys (and maybe some straight guys too) read it and think, "this guy really needs a hug," that's more like it. Although he does kind of come out on top... in a way. He loses so much, and what he gains in the end isn't immediately clear. But he literally puts everything bad in his life behind him and never looks back, so there's that.

As far as the rape plot and making it about her... that's pretty spot on. I mean, it does motivate the main character to take action. It's not that she's a girl and a girl is less capable, she's also a kid. I'm not sure on the age, but she's younger than he is. How to explain it... they're basically in a gang type situation, where power leads. Probably not too dissimilar from Mad Max. So what do you do with all the kids? Basically put them together and put the oldest one in charge. Well, some of the guys like to sneak into the children's dorm and grab a girl who isn't quite big enough to put up a fight, but they don't want to kill her, either. So yes, this motivates a male character, as everyone else is okay with this as the adults protect the kids from being killed, and give them food and shelter, but there's also this abuse going on. Well, the main character has something to offer, and he stops helping. This causes serious problems for the group, and he refuses and maybe walks out. So the leader gets involved and asks him what it will take for him to resume helping them, and he tells him, basically the kids get left alone. So he finds out who's doing that, sets a trap for them, and they are dealt with. None of these adults are all that important, but as time goes on and the kids grow up, they basically become his people, and it's one of the reasons they trust him, because he risked his neck for all of them. I think it only defines him (the main character) because he lost his sister, and he was naive and feels like he let this girl be abused, too. So he does something about it. Later there's a time skip, and she's able to return the favour. She's able to help him.

And maybe that's where the gay element comes up, she offers herself to him, he declines, she asks if she's not pretty or endowed enough, and he tells her she's beautiful but not the right gender... but that's super cliche. I'd actually rather that she perceived that about him, maybe she's the only one who knows or suspects. I like your idea better, anyway, him mentioning an old boyfriend.
I'm a guy. And I generally have no strong opinion about gays positive or negative, any more than I do people with red hair. I think they should have the same rights as us. I'd be cool with having one as a friend. (I have a few in my family.) I've just heard a lot of ideas (that I think are wrong) about writing gay characters. Like you can't have only one or it stands out that they're gay, or they're token. If your main character is gay, it's a gay story. I don't think either of those are true. I think I just asked the wrong people. Mainly people who are sensitive to possible misrepresentation. LGBTQ+ advocacy groups who don't want to make society's views of their people any worse. But really, I think they're just people, same as you and me, subject to flaws and imperfections.
So you think Amazon should be taken over by the government and/or regulated. I'm not sure I agree, but that's another argument. As it currently stands, there's no legal reason for Amazon to be forced to carry Google's hardware.

Apple has stores in malls and Google does not. Should Apple stores be forced to sell Google Pixel phones? If so, why? If not, why should Apple get a pass and not Amazon?
UFS is pretty cool. It's not as good as NVMe, but NVMe gets faster at higher speeds. 
I just don't see what Amazon actually owes Google. Show me that.

I'd rather Amazon sell Google hardware. And yet, I don't have a problem getting Google hardware if I wanted it. If Amazon won't sell it, Best Buy surely will.

Google is pressuring Amazon by blocking YouTube on their devices. Amazon sold the Echo Show under the promise of watching YouTube in the kitchen, and now they're unable to deliver on that. Then again, Google-owned Motorola sold Gingerbread flagship phones under the promise of upgrading them to Ice Cream Sandwich, which had just come out, and then Google let everyone down, so, these kinds of things happen.
Fine. It's a free market. Amazon shouldn't have to carry a competitor's product, especially if it's better than their own. It isn't like Amazon is the only game in town.

On the other hand, if Amazon customers want to know why Google isn't letting them watch YouTube on their Amazon devices, this is why (and the Chromecast thing).
No low power mode. Readder is a Reddit app, and if I open a video, it uses its native browser, not the YouTube (or whatever site) app. I believe it is the native iOS video player, it's not in line like part of the app's UI.
I don't feel comfortable writing a rape scene because I've never experienced it. I feel like I couldn't give it the gravity it deserves. I can try, but I would feel like faking and I would feel that it would disrespect people who have gone through that.

That being said, you should know that 1 in 4 girls is sexually abused in some fashion by the age of 16 or 18, I forget which. If you look at a class on a field trip, say 30 kids, 15 of them are probably girls, so four of them have likely been sexually abused at some point. To pretend like it doesn't happen is also disrespectful.

I don't think rape should make a villain. I would rather use it to humanise a character. To show that something really shitty happened to them and that it affects them every day and yet they still overcome it. I don't think victims should "just get over it," but I admire those who do. I don't think it should be fetishised, and I agree that using rape to build a villain is a cheap way to make an anti-hero.

For my own writing... I have a character who is defined early on by his inability to save his sister from dying in a freak accident. So later he meets a girl who he learns is being sexually abused. I have no intention of actually writing the abuse. However, he does see her get taken from her bed, and he sees bruises on her later. He doesn't stop it the first time because these people are helping him, and he doesn't really understand what's going on at first (or at least that's what he tells himself). Later, he does do something about it. But he doesn't just go beat the shit out of the guys who did it (it's actually a bunch of guys) or kill them. He does get revenge for her, but he goes about it another way, and she becomes one of his allies as he rises up and above the group he's working with, as she knows what he did for her, and he basically adopts her as a sister, in a way.

I'm actually more worried about making him gay (for some reason, I've always felt that he is — even though I'm straight) without making him a token character or some kind of prop for the gay community. Being gay doesn't make him better or worse than anyone else, he just happens to be attracted to men. I don't even have any romances or sexual encounters planned for him. I don't really know how to write that. I just know the guy is gay. It's not even something I admire about him per se, it's just part of who he is.
None of these. I simply don't care. It's not so much about respecting her privacy. I just don't care about it. And she doesn't really care about mine.
Wow! Rare to see best girl outside /r/SwordArtOnline!
A lot of (older?) tables have something called a leaf (I don't know why, that's just what my mother called it) that can be inserted into the middle. Like the table will split in half on rails and both sides extend out. The leaf is stored separately and is placed in the middle. One side of the table has pegs; the other, holes, and same with the leaf, so when inserted correctly, it's held firmly in place.

This might be better as the extension is kept within the table, and can possibly be pulled out only as far as you want.
No low power mode, and, it seems like every video.
OP1 by a wide margin. IMO
I was afraid of that. I am (Readder for Reddit). I assumed (incorrectly?) that the stock video handler was just part of iOS (the video controls that handle the video in fullscreen).

Thanks for the reply!
Spotify's the only one with a dark theme, plus it has a family plan.

Google has a family plan, but since Google knows people are selling their family slots, Google allows all members of the "family" to use your credit card to buy things unchecked in Google Play. (Yes, this is actually a thing.) Also, despite them throwing in ad-free YouTube, YouTube throttles my ISP to SD speeds, even though I have about 5x the bandwidth for 1080p, so I'll never pay them a dime until they knock that shit off. That and the shared credit card usage.

Until Apple goes cross platform, I can't consider them. They do offer their streaming music on Android, but you can't download/stream songs you've paid for in iTunes. Apple, as with Google, also needs to add a dark theme. And get rid of T-Mobile magenta (I'm not even on T-Mobile). Spotify nailed it with their green on black theme. Everyone else can just go home, but it feels like Apple (magenta on white) and Google (orange on white) aren't even trying with design.
Google Keep for notes, or OneNote.

Google Docs is a word processing app, though. I use MS Word, but I have Office 365. You don't need 365 to use Word, though. It just adds a few features. I pay for 365 to use Word and Excel on my computers, and that sweet sweet 1TB of OneDrive. I wish Google had a compelling reason to pay for GDrive, but they don't.
A lot of people saying the medium and small size iPhones feel small after getting used to the big ones. I came from Android, and I got the medium sized 6s because I wanted a smaller sized phone. I really like the SE. The 5s was my favourite iPhone model, and the SE is just a 5s with a newer CPU. Not trading down, though I'm kind of wishing I'd just got the SE to start with. But it was too big of a drop at the time.

I do think most people can get used to most phone sizes.
Ha, I saw this on a store model iPhone 6s Plus. Couldn't get rid of it. Almost stopped me from getting an iPhone. I'd thought this couldn't happen on iOS. I'd fended off malware/ransomware attacks on Android, but that's Android, the wild west of smartphones.

I got the regular 6s anyway, and I've been rocking Adblock since, but Apple changed some things and now it doesn't work as well. Safari content blockers still work, but my browser of choice is Chrome. I know Safari is good, and I have the bookmarks sync extension on Chrome at home, so I could be using Safari, but old habits die hard.
No it's not. It's neither free nor cheap (the Pi is $35 and then you probably want a case on it) and it doesn't cover your phone when you're not at home. There are ad blockers that cost nothing or like a buck or two and work regardless of where you are.

PiHole is a cool thing to have, but let's not pretend it's better than a local ad blocker.
Good! Let them copy. May the better phone win.

Now, if only Android OEMs would copy Apple's five years of support. Or their NVMe-based storage.
Almost never. Everyone's seen the "what is zero divided by zero" thing (if you haven't, ask Siri this... or just YouTube it) so it's rather pointless. For a while I was using it for coin flips, but too often it won't answer definitively, and that just wastes time (I play a card game and we need a coin toss or something similar to determine who goes first... "oops, it rolled under the bed" doesn't help us). However, if you ask Siri for a random number between X and Y (say, one and two), it will deliver every single time. It won't joke about math for some reason. (I wouldn't be surprised if it did.)

The truth is, none of these assistants are very good. Maybe I'm biased, but I grew up with *Star Trek: The Next Generation*, where people carried on conversations with the computer all the time. There are several instances in *Star Trek* (not just TNG... *Discovery* did this, too) where someone asks the computer for permission to do something, the computer says no, and they're able to talk the computer into it (usually a Vulcan or android or something with an abnormally high intelligence). So while we (Trekkers) all know that the computer is just Roddenberry's wife (until she passed — she was also Troi's mum on TNG/DS9), I think a lot of us (Trekkers) expect something close to this from the virtual assistants. And I'm quite sure Google and the others are hard at work making that happen, but we're not there yet.

Your assistant should greet you, not the other way around. It should make you better, and encourage you to do the things you need to do, like a real assistant. (But not annoy you. It shouldn't tell you to go for a run every morning if you don't want to.) But it should help you make better decisions. The Apple Watch that measures glucose as you eat that supposedly Tim Cook is testing is one way. In regards to products you can't actually buy, the Augma from *Sword Art Online: Ordinal Scale* (an anime movie about online gamers and fatal consequences of online gaming gone bad) can show you the calorie content of food you look at. Likewise, your assistant should ask you what you're considering for breakfast, and when you tell it your options, it should tell you which one's better for you, and/or make a recommendation based on what it knows... if you've been having cereal for the last few days, maybe pancakes isn't such a bad idea, break up the monotony — but it might stipulate that you take a walk/jog half an hour after to sort of balance the calories.

tl;dr: We have a **long** way to go.
They're all $10 a month here in the US. Spotify is $13 a month if you use iTunes Billing. Don't do that. Pay Spotify directly.

Not sure about outside the US.
It's my favourite movie, and I've clocked 7 views on Trakt (website for tracking TV/movie (including anime) viewing and collecting), though I've seen parts of it a lot more. Still, I love hearing other people gush about it (makes me feel less weird when I do it). I never really thought that much about the Okudera date, other than the fact that Taki didn't really want to be there.

Actually, there is something. When Taki and Okudera are out, he stops by a collection of art from Itomori. He looks right at it, too. And we (the audience) see it for a few seconds. On first viewing, we don't know what's going on. This isn't the first hint toward what's really going on, but I think it's the boldest one. The first is Taki not seeing the comet. It feels like an anachronism because we see Taki watching the comet in the very beginning, right before the OP. So that plants it firmly in our minds that the comet is over both of them. So when Taki doesn't see the comet, that should clue you in that something's amiss. (It should also be a red herring, implying she's the one in the future, as he hasn't seen the comet YET. When really, he just forgot.) Then the pictures of Itomori.

I have a fan theory that isn't confirmed, and I don't think it can be disproven. So until it is disproven, it's my head canon. I believe it's true. But it's not official. So you know the big lake in Itomori was formed by a previous comet. This is directly stated in the news broadcast. I think one of the first ones. We also learn that many or all of the women in Mitsuha's family have had these visions or dreams as the grandma calls them. (Makes you wonder about Yotsuha.) But it's not visions or dreams, it's actual body switching. Maybe the grandma never figured out it was more than dreams. Maybe her mom did and that's why she was assumed to be crazy, but that's not the theory. Okay, now where is the shrine that Mitsuha's family tends? It's in a crater. What forms craters? Usually comets or meteors striking the Earth. We can reasonably guess that that crater was formed by the comet before the one that formed the lake. But wait, it gets better. Crater formed by first of three comets. Ground Zero (dead center of crater) is the home of the shrine. The women who tend that shrine body swap with men over 100 miles away — why? What's the point of it? My theory? The shrine god is real, and came on the comet, and is actively protecting Itomori in exchange for this family tending to the shrine. In Christianity, God is God whether you like it or not, but in a lot of other religions, a god's power is derived from the service of mortals. If mortals don't believe, the god doesn't have power. Mitsuha's family have been empowering the shrine/comet god, which has in turn been protecting Itomori, or at least its people. The only problem with this is, at the end of the movie, the town is not inhabited. The shrine is abandoned and has been for three years. So, three years after the third impact, what happens? Taki goes there and drinks the sake believed to be "half of Mitsuha." At this point, Mitsuha has failed. She died. She saw the comet, she didn't act in time, she's dead. Mitsuha failed, and the comet/shrine god failed her. So then here comes Taki, he drinks the sake, he's now half of Mitsuha. This is hammered home when the comet is revealed to him (underground!), and he sees Mitsuha's life story. This allows him to go back in time and possess Mitsuha once more, and give her a final shot.

I mean, it basically explains the film in a rational way. I think some people don't like that because Japanese writing isn't supposed to be so clean and clear cut. We Americans tend to spell things out more, and that's one reason Japanese stories have such appeal. So I think if Shinkai read this theory, he'd probably just say, "well that's one way to look at it."  At best. I wouldn't put it past him to punch a few, er, comet-sized holes in my theory. And you're certainly welcome to try. It's not a good theory if it can't stand criticism.

EDIT: Almost forgot. "Sparkle" not "Sparks," and no, that's just the climax. "Nandemonaiya" is the song that ties it all together, at least in my opinion. "Zenzenzense" and to a lesser extent, the OP, "Dream Lantern," is the face of the movie. "Sparkle" is the heart, but "Nandemonaiya" is the soul.
Fences was free for the first couple versions. For what that may be worth. I tried the free Fences and I didn't care for it, though in theory I want the functionality. I'm not opposed to paying for the current version, I'm just iffy since I didn't like the free version (which has been updated and built upon since).

Just curious, what do you have against Stardock? I don't use any of their stuff, but they seem okay. I've toyed with buying Object Desktop, I think they call it, their suite of all their apps (minus their games). The price is a little high but not unfair. I've never heard of them doing anything wrong, so I'm curious. No judgment.
Others have mentioned [GOG](https://www.gog.com/) but they didn't say why. GOG, formerly Good Old Games, takes old PC games, removes the DRM, and updates them to work on modern Windows. They use emulators or other tools. This is all perfectly legal and with the permission and often blessing of the publisher or other rights holder. Games bought on GOG will work on any computer you have (provided it can run it). If GOG ever goes under, or if you play the game on a computer that isn't online, your game will continue to work.

This differs from Steam as Steam is protected by DRM, which is Digital Rights Management. Basically, when you run the game, it contacts a server on the Internet and asks if you have permission to run the game. If the server says yes, the game loads. If the server says no, the game quits with an error. If the server can't be reached, you may be able to play the game for a while if the server previously said yes, but not indefinitely. Steam has said, I believe, that if they ever go under, they will update all their games to no longer check Steam's licensing server, but I'm not sure. And many games also use a third party DRM. The most nefarious is Denuvo. It does a lot of trickery and is hard to beat by people whose business it is to beat DRM, it adds 10-15 seconds to your game's startup time, and it doesn't go away after a set period (like 1-3 years). It's not really that big a deal if you bought the game legally and you have a good Internet connection. I support DRM as a gamer because games are a huge investment, but I prefer to not use it, so I financially support GOG whenever I can, which is why I don't link Steam. I am a Steam member and I have hundreds of games there, but they are not my first choice. (I also play on Xbox and PlayStation. My wife and I have an Xbox One and a PlayStation 3. Those have DRM, too, they're just a lot more transparent. However, Xbox One's screws up from time to time, telling me I don't own the game and if I want it I need to pay for it. This is for disc games! Rockband 4 and Final Fantasy XV have both done it. PC gaming DRM has screwups like that, too. It happens. I'm sure it happens on PlayStation, too. So don't worry if it does.)
The marriage and its vows are hers, not yours. It's no skin off your back if she breaks them. Though it is considered dishonourable to knowingly fool around with a married woman. It does reflect poorly on your character. It's a fine line to walk, though. As humans, we should provide comfort for others who need it, even if that person is married. How far that comfort should go is up to each individual and their comfort zone. A person seeking comfort outside of their marriage might not be such a good person, and the person providing it may be taking undue advantage. Of course there are exceptions. And I'm not talking about sex, necessarily. A married woman can certainly seek physical yet platonic comfort from her brother, especially if they're close. So if she has a male friend who comforts her, I don't see a problem in general. The wife owes her husband her loyalty and honesty, so long as he's not mistreating her. Her paramour, however, owes him nothing. He should be honourable for his own sake. That is, I do not hold the door for you, a stranger, because you are superior to me. I do it because I want to be superior to my past self. You could be the CEO or you could be the janitor; I will treat you the same.

Also, decisions should not be made while intoxicated, and poor decisions made while intoxicated are best forgotten and/or forgiven the next day when sober.

I mean your friend, wherever appropriate.
Haha, I know a couple people who are using the modified APK on Android. I'm happily paying for the family plan, and through next month, from a year ago, I've been getting reimbursed for half of it.

When I had Android, I myself ran the hacked APK for about a month. I didn't "get" Spotify then, and the free version didn't do anything for me. Once I got a taste of Premium, I grabbed the 3 months for 99¢ deal, and I've been a happy Premium member since. So I'm not judging. But I would encourage going legit if you can afford it.
No coffee maker for obvious reasons.

One thing that is much better than this. It's called the parents' retreat (maybe other things) and it's a slightly smaller living room behind and only accessible through the master bedroom in some homes. So you have your living room where you entertain guests and whatnot, and you have the sanctuary of your bedroom, but then you have this other sanctuary. If I had a young child, I might put their room in there, but as I don't it would be more of a den and place to display neat stuff I don't necessarily want everyone seeing (anime stuff for instance). Could also be a nice private office.

Another thing is that bed you see on Facebook every month or two that just has everything built into it.

Also, I have a sort of concept similar to this. Mostly it's from dreams where I use a similar thing. But I've sort of planned it in my head. The bed would actually be two twin beds that are pressed together with a mechanism, but there would be a release that would allow for a gap big enough for a person to slip between. Now, the bed would be on a raised up platform with stairs leading up to it. You've probably seen bedrooms like this. So there's a raised section for the bed and nightstands, and then you go down to the dressers and maybe you have a couch or something in there (rich people's homes, not a working class one). So anyway, below the bed (at about floor level) would be a plush, padded platform about the size of a full or queen mattress, and on either side of it or on one side, there would be a ladder descending down to a hidden room.

So you're in bed, you reach under and flip a hidden switch, and then you're able to pull apart your bed from within, and slither down through the mattresses to floor level where there's this soft platform, then you'd roll over to a ladder and climb down to a small room a little bigger around than the bed. It would obviously be a pain to get furniture and stuff in, so maybe there's another way to access it, like bay doors that open to a downstairs or basement area that totally seal from inside, so after it's loaded or whatever, you can seal it up and obscure the opening. And obviously you'd need an out in case someone comes along and locks the bed. Getting out would just entail climbing up to the soft platform, opening the mattresses, and hoisting yourself up and out.

These would be nightmares if I were claustrophobic (and I apologise to anyone who is).
I think we should kill rapists and child molesters.

I also think our prison system needs a complete overhaul. Many prisons in the US are operated for profit, and this creates two problems. One, it inclines the system to keep people in it and not rehabilitate them. And two, it encourages exploitation of the prisoners.

I do think more murderers should be executed, and I think they should be given fewer appeals. I think it's important they get an appeal, maybe two, but there should be limitations and deadlines.

I don't think there's any real purpose in 'painful' executions like the electric chair. I think the condemned should choose how they go, and there should be more options. If someone wants to commit seppuku, for example, give them the correct sword and let them impale themselves with it. It's their death. If someone wants a gunshot to the back (or front) of the head, I say let them have that. If they want to die in their sleep, that can be chemically arranged (lethal injection is similar to this). Even if someone committed a heinous crime, I think ending their life is enough, we don't need to drag it out, and honestly we don't need to make a spectacle of it. However, I do think if someone molested or raped a kid, that kid's father and uncles should get some 'quality time' alone with the person. No cameras, no microphones.
Ah. Thought you meant you went out and bought it. It might be on CD Japan, but I haven't seen it on Amazon (not that I've looked).

But I see what you mean. The soundtrack was a big part of my decision to splurge on the LE. That and the art book, but I only looked at it twice. It's more to show off to others.
Probably not. I love SAO as an anime, but the game itself doesn't really seem like my cup of tea. I would probably pick up ALO to experience flight. But MMORPGs are by nature social, and I'm not. I'd prefer the full dive Fallout or Elder Scrolls game.
I don't care about the voting scores. I never look at them unless I have to. People who care about the voting scores tend to be a little dishonest, or at least I find that if I myself cared about them, I would be less honest. In any case, thank you for the kindness. Kindness is just as important as honesty.
You should know that while the band RADWIMPS adapted their music to director Shinkai's work, as the music sometimes evolved independently, I believe there were times when Shinkai also adapted the movie to the music, and this relationship shows. There are a lot of movies with excellent soundtracks, especially those composed by the late and great James Horner. *Titanic* and *Braveheart* stand out especially as his best work, for me anyway. And they're breathtakingly beautiful soundtracks to great movies, but the relationship between movie and music doesn't hold a candle to what Shinkai and RADWIMPS did here. I won't say the soundtrack itself is better. That's a pretty tall order. It's very good, it's one of my favourites, but... just listen to the *Braveheart* soundtrack. I think the *Titanic* one depends on how much you hate Celine Dion's song (*My Heart Will Go On*) as it's the culmination of the soundtrack. All the songs echo it in some way, so if radio spoiled that song for you... it's not gonna hit you the same as it would have had you seen the movie before the song was overplayed. As far as soundtracks themselves go, *Braveheart* > *Titanic* > *Kimi no Na wa.*, but as far as integration with the film, *Kimi no Na wa.* reigns supreme. Shinkai and RADWIMPS have truly raised the bar.
Just curious, where did you buy the album? I got it with the limited edition US Blu-ray. Also, it's on Spotify, so anyone who has that can listen for free whenever. Not to mention I believe it is also all on YouTube (legally).
I was an Insider and used Windows 10 for what felt like a full year before release. Maybe closer to 9 months? I'm not one now (had a couple bad updates and I prefer stable now). Any way to grab the latest ISO to throw into a VM? I happen to have VirtualBox installed for Android, and it kinda runs like shit. Android isn't really meant to be run on your computer, and I have yet to see anything that proves otherwise. (I'm using Android x86 and I believe it's Android 7.0 or 7.1 Nougat. It should be the project's latest build, unless they updated in the last week or two.) It's just laggy and scales poorly to the resolution of the VM, with no obvious way to change it. Not to mention, if your daily phone is an iPhone, it's kind of tricky to get used to the way Android moves, even if you were used to it before. Hard to explain (without sounding pretentious anyway), but they... move differently.

Would like to try the latest Windows 10 in any case, though I'm worried activating it might screw stuff up. I'm comfortable installing an OS and building a computer, but I'm more about taking the easy way with computers (again I have an iPhone). If I don't have to mess with something complicated, I won't.
It's not rude to not want to hold a baby, but I'm going to think it's weird, because I've been strongly paternal since I was 13. I've always been good with kids and babies, and some of them really like me. But I'd say you're probably closer to normal/average than I am, especially if you're (also) a guy.

There's really no point to holding a baby. It gives the parents a break, but there's never really any shortage of people who are willing to hold the baby, even for an extended period of time. If someone offers to let you hold their baby, it's generally a show of trust. You're not relieving them of a burden. Also, it's good for the soul to hold a baby, even if it's just for a minute. And it confirms the parents' trust in you in a way that politely declining cannot. So it might be preferable, depending on your relationship with the parents, to grin and bear it. For one, you don't want to make them think you don't like their kid. That's a quick way to get them to dislike you. And two, if they trust you with their kid, if you have a kid someday and you trust them, you helping them with their kid means you can ask them for help with yours. It's basically the, "it takes a village to raise a child" kind of thing.
I got this from the movie *My Girl*. Anna Chlumsky complains about it in one scene.
Yeah, think of it like a deflated balloon on the ground. I know, it's not really sexy, but if you're inclined to the more male persuasion and not bisexual, I'd expect you wouldn't find a vagina sexy in most contexts. It can expand (a lot!) but just relaxing, it's mostly deflated.
It adds like 10-15 seconds to your game's startup time (or at least it did in *Just Cause 3*. Also if it can't connect to its server for whatever reason, it'll kick you out.

As a legit gamer, Denuvo doesn't bother me in practice, it's more the principle of the thing. I believe games should just work without an online authentication. I know why DRM exists and I understand that, I would just prefer that the game simply work as intended. So I try to get my games on GOG, since they don't use DRM. Steam is DRM too, in addition to being a great place to buy games, it's just an easily defeated one for people who want to steal games (or try before buying) so people don't complain about it. But I would prefer there's no protection layer at all.

Mostly DRM isn't removed after a set time, but it should be. Most of the people who get paid for the game aren't working on it anymore, and only the publisher is getting paid, but by then (like a year or two) they're deeply discounting it so you're more likely to buy the next one in the series. Sometimes it is removed though, as was the case with the *Hitman* games, but that was because the IP transferred, not because the service was going under.
**Lantern**. And you mean no one but the band who recorded it and the soundtrack's track listing? Your friends are objectively wrong as they're contradicting official sources.

I used to know a guy who thought Metallica started out as a country band. No one took him seriously.
It is, but I'm used to it. On Android you use SeriesGuide; on iOS you use iShows. Like Reddit, the apps are better.
I've done that... It was Layers when I last used Android.
Sweet! That was literally just added then. It wasn't available when I posted. I have the CD on the way anyway — it's already shipped. I'm okay with that.
Boo. Android has Pocket MAL which is fine. iOS doesn't have any good options for MAL.

MAL's actually been quite shit... I didn't mind keeping mine up to date when I had Android and Pocket MAL, but since there aren't any god iOS apps, I just use Trakt. Trakt (a website) is better than MAL anyway, it has better search, and it's not limited to anime. It's all shows and movies whether they're animated or not. I do kinda wish Trakt had an anime filter, but I personally don't see anime as more or less than traditional shows or other animation, so I'm fine with it all being mixed. (They do separate movies from shows though.)
The only anime movie I've seen that's also a 10/10 is *Wolf Children*. *Koe no Katachi* (*A Silent Voice*) is pretty good, but I only rated it 9/10. It's close though. You can't go wrong with either.

*The Girl Who Leapt Through Time* was also good.

For series, consider *Boku Dake ga Inai Machi* (*Erased*), *Orange*, and *Your Lie in April*.
> Yumetotourou - Kimi no Na wa OP

WTF is this? This is listed as "Dream Lantern" on the official soundtrack, in both English and Japanese. If the official title is in English, why translate it to Japanese?

[Here's the official soundtrack on Spotify.](https://open.spotify.com/album/0rMrZAAaQ9o9AoRmKeXcPa) Note that Nandemonaiya is not translated to English even for the English version. They're a bilingual band, it's okay if the name is in English (and many other songs in the brackets have English names).
It is finished; to the best of my knowledge there won't be any more.

There's (probably) fan fiction though...
Yeah, for the price it's not complete shit, but the game thing is a let down. I mean, at the very least they probably could have put a Tetris thing on it. But yeah, $10-15 is about what cases normally cost anyway. I usually pay more.
Bullshit. Anyone running a bow, a longbow in particular, would be a fool to leave Sharpshooter on the table. Shoot long range without disadvantage and ignore cover. If you're behind 3/4 cover 600 feet away, I roll one D20 against your unmodified AC, and add my dex bonus and proficiency, so I'm adding at least 6. If you have an AC of 16, I have a 50% chance of hitting you. 

If I have an ally engaged in melee with you, I'm also rolling some D6s to add to the damage (rogue sneak attack).

Sharpshooter is great.
My favourite band is ONE OK ROCK, and they're Japanese, but they do lyrics in both Japanese and English. For Reddit's general audiences, I'm going to open with [*C.h.a.o.s.m.y.t.h.*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-xF2MAFw5s), which deserves to be your new springtime/summer jam this year. "So, everybody, ever be buddies," is the English line that opens the chorus, and it ends with "Dream as if you'll live forever, and live as if you'll die today." I can only imagine all the Japanese stuff is just as incredible. It's a beautiful song, but I don't think it breaks my top 5. Top 10 for sure! Some of my favourites are just in English. [*Be the light*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPzgl2C7cZY) is, in my opinion, their best and most powerful song. But it's 100% in English. My favourite ONE OK ROCK song that's (partly) in Japanese is [*Clock Strikes*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YZlFdTIdzM). Gets me pumped every time, and the lighting in the video is incredible. Yes, it's simple. Just *wait*.

However, last year, I finally got to see the Japanese film *Kimi no Na wa.*, and I've seen it all the way through 7 times, in both Japanese and English. Most proud of watching it (in Japanese) with my niece, who was 5 months old at the time, but she loved it. And she had the best reaction at the end. She had a look like, "well NOW what?" Which is the perfect reaction to that ending. Anyway, the ending theme [*Nandemonaiya*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jljeeuZobxI) perfectly sums up the second half of the film and the feelings behind it, but you don't have to wonder what they say, because the vocalist of the band (RADWIMPS) is bilingual, and he redid all the vocals in English. And it's absolutely poetic. So it's officially [available in English](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmcntkIjyQs). There is, however, greater disconnect between the versions of *Sparkle*, the song that plays over the film's unforgettable climax. [The Japanese version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgXWCYTuD0k) is literally what is heard in the Japanese version of the movie. There's no English version of THIS song. [The English version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YuB3nv5b_A) has beautiful and poetic lyrics like *Nandemonaiya*, but it's got additional lyrics all throughout. I'm pretty sure the English version of the movie has the instrumental-only part in the middle that builds up to the climax. I love the English version as well, it contains some of the most beautiful lyrics I've heard, but it doesn't have the buildup I love. Oh, the [entire soundtrack to *Kimi no Na wa.* is available on Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/album/0rMrZAAaQ9o9AoRmKeXcPa). Movie version means Japanese... English version is what it says.
TK from Ling Tosite Sigure, in fact. It's just TK and maybe some other people. Unfortunately there are no legal stream/buy options in the US. In the EU, you can buy it on iTunes for €1 or thereabouts. I imported the CD from Japan for like $25 (for 5 songs).

If you like TK, he did a song for Spider-Man 2 (the one with Tobey Maguire). The Japanese release got a different ending song, and he did it. Look that up, it's pretty good. (I don't have it.)
I have to wonder if you've actually heard the [full version](https://open.spotify.com/track/0b7b3OR4cKHo08rdpLHofM) (Spotify link). There's the short version used in the anime, and YouTube has a "full version" that isn't (I think it's just the short version looped/edited).

If you haven't heard this, you're in for a treat. This is official from the artist. I think it's a little faster paced. It has this breathtaking intro. And more German.

The song is called Guren no Yumiya. [Jiyuu no Tsubasa](https://open.spotify.com/track/7nV7Ly23BxipT6msqg1Dqg), the opening from the second half of the first season, is also up there, and so is [Shinzo wo Sasageyo!](https://open.spotify.com/track/27iksNpaur1CcH0w8703by), the second season theme, but it's not a full song, it's literally what was used on the show. (These are all Spotify links.)
Yeah, the English version is shit. Lindemann was reading a poor translation. He didn't approve of the translation, he just sang. Fuck that version, and your friend is an idiot.

There are some people you just nod and pretend to listen to. I used to know a guy who thinks Metallica is from Greenville NC (where I currently reside) and that they started out as a country band, and that their first album was called "Enter Sandman." (I showed him their self-titled album and he said that's the one, but he says there's no such thing as a self-titled album and the name of the first song is the name of the album.) I can't even with this guy. He actually believes that and no amount of facts can change his mind because the Internet isn't real. So I just ignored him. Then I found out he was abusing his girlfriend, so I severed all contact and haven't heard from him in over a decade. Fuck that guy.
As in "you compel me." Like, "you have me go to the store for you," but nefarious, like "you have complete control of me" — AND I WOULD NOT OBEY! That's what makes that line so effective. Sorry for the caps. Emphasis Lindemann's.
And by "you have," he doesn't mean "you possess," it's more like, "you compel me."

The problem with the US/deluxe version of *Sehnsucht* is that when singing *Du Hast*, Till Lindemann did not know English, so he just sang the shitty translation he was given. I hate the English version of *Du Hast* so much. It's fucking trash. Now the English version of *Engel* is fine as far as I know, minus the Elmer Fudd-isms. It's not really okay to make fun of Lindemann for not knowing English, though he didn't need to try to appeal to English speaking fans. No one asked for that. So the English *Engel* sounds like a parody. But it's also effective, or at least I think so.

Dude's a great writer, that's for sure. I haven't been following Rammstein's career lately. I loved the first three albums, though.
Oh boy, have I got a bunch of treats for you today.

[Period - English cover by AmaLee](https://youtu.be/6Lr9r3HbXWM?t=3s). AmaLee is a YouTuber who translates anime songs to English, and then sings them with her band. So now you know what they're saying in the original song, and it's awesome to see her cosplaying FemEd and rocking out. She's a real geek and you can see she has a lot of fun.

[Again - English cover by AmaLee](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-WRihrquec). No music video here, but hey, it's amazing to know what's being said, and it's so relevant to FMA. They both are. Oh, and both of these songs are on Spotify! She has a ton of stuff, and she's incredibly talented. Her cover of Cruel Angel's Thesis (the Evangelion theme) literally made me watch Evangelion. I'd been meaning to, but I heard her translation and thought, "holy crap that's good" and watched it.

[Again by YUI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLfMrBfqCu8). Japanese pop singer YUI has a music video to "Again," but it's so short. She's basically just doing the OP. But hot damn is she pretty. Not to mention she can play the guitar! Like 4chan used to say, fall in love, you lose.

[Again by YUI, live](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iD4aTyVTvz8). If you want the whole thing, this live recording is the best I've found. The audio quality is a bit shit, but who cares? It's so fun to watch. She looks so wholesome, but her face is rocking out.

I have her album, that Again is on. It's the heaviest song on the album. And the best song on the album. I have listened to it all the way through a couple times, but I'm not a fan. I bought it on iTunes. I also buy AmaLee's stuff that I really like on iTunes as well. I try to support artists whenever possible, but especially foreign and indie artists, and I encourage others to do so, too.
There's a fan theory that Airi is 10 years younger than Satoru because she's Kayo, reincarnated. I think the biggest supporting reason for this is that they both say "baka na no"/"you're an idiot" to Satoru and both have dark hair. There are probably a couple more connections. At the very least, she reminds him of Kayo, but also remember, his mother made him forget. Also, Satoru doesn't protect Airi before the big Revival, so it's not a connection with any weight behind it. Now if there had been an abusive boyfriend and he caught him going to strike Airi, and he grabbed the guy's hand before he could, and then questioned himself internally, "why I am I getting involved" (because the Japanese tend to mind their own business), that would establish a connection to his mother grabbing Kayo's mom's hand. But we don't get that at all.
But it doesn't play Game Boy games, it plays some shitty Tiger Electronics wannabe shooter. Now if it actually played GB games, that would be something. But then if it can do that, it can play NES, Super NES, GBA, Genesis, etc. games, and then you got a product worth having. This is shit because it sets up a promise and then spectacularly fails to deliver. It would be **the** shit if it actually did deliver and then so much more.
It's not bad, but $450 is LOL.
Rewatched it last year because my wife had never seen it. Such a different perspective being an adult. 

Could have sworn the girl did the *he touched my breasts* thing a few times, but it was just once. For some reason I remember it being her/their go to escape.
If you have an SSD, reboot. It's the fastest solution. Unless you can't.
My iPhone/Siri told me to watch my language — twice. So we were watching an anime, and Universal had their fingers in it somehow. So at the beginning of each anime episode, the glorious Universal theme with the planet and logo? So on the second or third one, I said, "not this shit again," and Siri pops up and says it can't believe what it's hearing from me? I'd just gotten it, my first iPhone, so we pause the movie, and I clearly state, **not this shit again**, and it said something different about my language. /r/iPhone more or less called me a liar, because it shouldn't trigger without *hey Siri*, but it did. No idea why. That was iOS 9 though. Doesn't work anymore. Just tried it.
No shit. The iPhone X literally just came out last year. The new Android phones are probably somewhere between the iPhone 6s and 7 in performance. Apple's at least 18 months ahead. 

If you don't like Apple, you pretty much can't use specs. There are other ways to get the Samsung on top. Its camera for example, I'm pretty sure beats the iPhone's.
*Kimi no Na wa.*. The *Sparkle* scene. From the Sharpie drop to the big boom. Raised the bar for me. A lot of things about that film did.
No. I'm not that lucky. ;) She's Italian though, so I lucked out in other ways. Both tend to have strong family ties, and I love the food of both cultures.
Yes, but it was an anachronism. In DX1 the only children were male. Probably because of the plague. In DX2:IW all the children were female. It made no sense at all. But you could kill every last one of them.

In fact, creative ways to kill Louis Pan, an especially shitty kid in DX1, are a thing on YouTube.
While it's not really a good thing, anime fans will fetishise Asian men (and women). I mean it's fine if you're looking for a one night stand, but it's not healthy relationship wise to be someone's anime fuckboi. Especially if they want to pretend you're some anime guy. That's an unrealistic expectation no human person can live up to. But I know a lot of gals like Asian men. My wife's one of them. She wouldn't cheat, but she might tease me and say she would, to keep me on my toes.
PSN is what I meant. Sorry if I misspoke, I'm not really up on the PlayStation stuff as I am with Xbox and PC gaming. ;)
P3 and P4 are $10 each for download codes on US Amazon. My wife is in the same boat. She's borrowing P5 from a friend.

I don't really dig P5, but I've only watched. In some ways it looks like my kind of game, but I see a lot of places where it looks like my wife isn't given the freedom to choose what to do. It almost plays like a visual novel at times. I should really give it a chance before judging itm, but I'm not the gamer I once was.
Cool! Season 2 is good, but just like season 1, it makes you want more.

My wife's seen season 3 and is caught up on the manga, and she says season 3 is laying the groundwork for something really amazing (what would be season 4).

If you didn't love season 1, season 2 isn't gonna win you over. It's really more of the same. But I enjoyed it.
So I've seen the leaked script... if it were real, surely they would have taken it down?

I think what I'm gonna do is read PART of it. Like I'll read 3-4 pages. I'm gonna see the movie in theaters anyway, opening week if I can.

I love that part about the book, though. It really does prevent bad adaptations from ruining it. If nothing else, it establishes itself as the definitive work, and if the movie does bomb, Ernie Cline is going to shove that line in every critic's face. He's covered. Stephen King wishes he had that line after the dumpster fire that was *The Dark Tower*.
It's got to be hard living in a country like that. Yes I can easily guess where you are. It's a big country and I'm not sure how easy it would be to single you out if you're as reclusive as you sound, but I don't want to downplay your fears and risk you getting hurt.

No one with an ounce of intelligence thinks everyone in a country with an oppressive leader, whether it's the US or North Korea, supports that leader.

Your country's doing some big things, though, if I'm guessing correctly. I know they're making cars and smartphones that are trying to compete with more expensive ones from Western countries. I don't trust the phones, but I'm a phone guy and I've got my reasons. I know people who swear by some of the bigger brands from over there. I might be inclined to trust the cars, but I've had a lot of luck with Nissan and that's about all I've driven since 2009 or so. I don't drive a fancy one, though.

Anyway, I hope things get better for you.
*Bullsh—* holy fuck, you're right! When did they change that?

It was not too long ago.
So, what nationality/race are you? I think we need a bit of context here. I don't think you're being racist necessarily. The US and UK put out a ton of entertainment that it's natural for people in other countries to gravitate toward it. First world countries use some of their excess wealth to create entertainment that other countries haven't got the resources to make, and especially with the Internet, it's everywhere. I've been taking advantage of the same effect to try to discover music from other countries, though I'm really bad at doing that. I'll fall for a band and just listen to everything they have. I listen to a Finnish band called Nightwish, and a handful of Japanese bands, including ONE OK ROCK.

As for being attracted to blondes, assuming you're from a country where they're not common, it's normal as they're exotic to you. I'm attracted to Asian women because they're exotic to me. I had an interesting conversation with an Asian guy and a Mexican guy. They don't really dig their women because they grew up with sisters and cousins of that same race, and living in America, they'd rather have white or black girls rather than tan/yellow(?)/brown girls. Perfectly normal. Of course, a lot of fathers of daughters are protective of their "240-month-plus-old" (20 years plus) "little girl" and one aspect of that is some of them don't want her dating outside her race. Mostly conservative people, and people who fear their racial identity is being threatened. *That's* a little racist, but having a preference isn't. I married an Italian woman. I didn't settle for her; though Asian is the first race I'm attracted to, I fell in love with an Italian woman, and I wouldn't trade her for any Asian woman out there.

Hey, you like blondes? How about harder rock? Here's one for you. [Orianthi - According to You](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pu1aQvm5MrU). Discovered this while playing Rockband (karaoke game with simulated instruments). I think it was a free song? Anyway, it's pretty cool. Can't tell exactly what colour her eyes are, though. Maybe not blue. But hey, that's her guitar and she knows how to play it, so that's cool. I dunno why she came to mind, I haven't really thought about her or that song in a few years or more...

If I were more conservative, I would counsel you to learn to appreciate your own country's culture before getting too far into others... but I'm not. I believe we're all citizens of the world and what one country offers is generally free to all.
To stream. Not to own. So basically, what you get on Netflix (except they have the whole season 1). If there's no buy link, it's just Prime streaming. Or is there a hidden function to get this added to your account?

I'm always pushing Attack on Titan and Sword Art Online because they're great gateway anime series, and they're pretty decent for shonen action, but I just send people to Netflix, because everyone has Netflix, and you know if you've never watched anime on Netflix and you watch one episode from either, Netflix is gonna start recommending anime, and then sooner or later you're gonna discover something you love and then we all know how that turns out.
"It's not the end of the world. But you can see it from here."
Yep, love the live action Erased. I can't afford the anime (I swear Aniplex USA must have stock in the illegal streaming sites, they price their Blu-rays to send fans there) but I can watch it on Hulu. Netflix pricing is fair (I got Stranger Things S1 for like $25), so if they release Erased on Blu-ray, I'll buy it.

I'm not sure about the illustrations book. I'll have to check that out.
This happens to everyone. Probably *literally* everyone. I skimmed the topic for liars saying they don't, but couldn't find any. I mean, there are probably some who don't, but I'm not sure.

What makes us good, or civilised, or whatever metric we want to define our humanity by, isn't what we think. It's what we do. I used to (and kind of still do) love the yin/yang symbol, and it represents our souls, or consciousnesses, or whatever. There's good and bad. Or the Native American story (or Facebook meme, I'm not sure how authentic it is) about the two wolves. Which one wins, the little boy or girl asks? The one you feed, the grandmother or grandfather says. You know, one wolf being all the good feelings, and the other being bad.

Do I? Sure. What are they? All the Internet points and Reddit Gold aren't worth it. However, if you want to find out, read horror and suspense authors. Like Dean Koontz, Bentley Little, even Stephen King. Guys who write like that are pouring their darkest desires and dreams into their stories. You wanna get into someone's head? Read IT by Stephen King, or for a cheaper thrill, read Night Chills by Dean Koontz. Koontz has gotten better, but his darker stuff was all or mostly all before the mid-90s, when he started writing about the resiliency of the human spirit. He wrote some dark stuff in the 80s. Bentley Little's even cheaper, as far as thrills go. It's downright obvious what he's writing about. Look at The Store or The Association and you'll see what I mean. And there are a lot more works, in books, movies, and even video games about people who don't do the right thing. People who do what they want. This works as entertainment because people don't do those things, but they're constantly reminded that they can. So that's what those outlets are good for.
Married man, so I'd never do this, but I admire people who can and not get hung up on it. I'd want to live in a world where people can do this freely without emotional or health (STI/STD) complications.

Now, I think if I were single and I were in your shoes, if a girl wanted to go down on me without getting anything in return, I'd feel a bit guilty for not being able to return the favour, but I can't say I wouldn't be amenable to it. Would I offer a lady? Probably not, I'm not really the outgoing sort.
Ended up getting the regular edition for about $22. The shipping really kills it. It's not so bad paying in JPY from USD, but the shipping gets ya every time. It's not totally unexpected, my wife has ordered from Japan before (mostly playing cards). Shipping is killer too, but what can ya do. I really like the music and it will make a nice gift for my wife — I confess, I am not a huge fan of TG... first anime was alright, Root A not so much, and I haven't read the manga. That said, my wife has the manga 100% collected in English and buys volumes as they release (sometimes she is lucky and gets them early). If I read one manga, it's gonna be Erased (my favourite anime), but if I read two, it's absolutely gonna be Tokyo Ghoul. I've heard so many good things about the art style, the symbolism... I'm almost a fan though I haven't read a page. And yet, I can't get into manga. I keep trying a couple times a year though. Weird thing I've always had. Couldn't get into comic books, either. /shrug But I digress, and thanks again.
Bullshit.

There's no way the Snapdragon 845 competes with the A11 Bionic.

The Samsung may have more RAM. I think the iPhone X only has 3GB.

The Samsung has a microSD card slot, so you can get a heck of a lot more files on it. For that matter, you can use emulators on the Samsung without rooting/jailbreaking it. Not so with iOS.

The Samsung has the desktop dock thingy, which no iOS device has.

The iPhone will get at least 5 years of updates while the Samsung will get 2 if its owners are lucky. Even so, Samsung will prioritise its countrymen in Korea first, everybody but Americans second, and Americans dead last. Apple doesn't discriminate by country. Everyone gets the update at the same time. 

iOS is made for everyone. As such, it can be a little back assward to techies. For example, I think the share system in it is broken. But people who get it, get it. And honestly I can work through it. Android is a bit more technical. My wife wanted files on her Android tablet and we couldn't figure out what was taking up all the space. We had to Google how to do it. (It doesn't have an SD card.) We had to use a third party program and activate a 7 day free trial of its pro features.

That being said, Android is more powerful. There's a lot more it can do (such as emulators).

They're not the same at all. If you take care of your phone and you use it for as long as it gets updates, iPhone is actually cheaper than any Android flagship, year to year. However, the iPhone ecosystem gets more expensive the more you buy into it.  So really, it's about equal. I mean it all works out to about the same. And then, it's something you use every day, so it would be in your best interests to look beyond the headlines and find what's best for YOU. I tell ya, I was as shocked as anyone when I got an iPhone 6s 22 months ago. Could not believe the words that were coming out of my mouth. And for a good six months, I looked at it and asked myself, "what the fuck did you get yourself into?" Always been an Android guy. Used to be an iPhone hater. But honestly, in April 2016, the iPhone 6s was the best phone for me. So I got one. I don't really love iOS or the Apple ecosystem, though. I love the hardware. I like having a medium size phone. Apple can make a medium size phone. Android OEMs chose between iPhone size and iPhone battery life. They chose right. So they only come in large and huge now. If I had to choose a phone a month ago, it would be Pixel 2 XL. If I had to choose a phone in a month, it might be Samsung Galaxy S9+. Which is $10 less than I paid for the 128GB iPhone 6s. Kinda blows my mind. For all it can do, it's $10 less. And yet, I know I can get another year out of this iPhone. I plan to get another 18 months out of it. I'm hoping my next phone is the Pixel 4 XL. Or whatever that's called. But I watch all the phones. Those that come to the US, anyway. I could give two shits about cheap Chinese crap that doesn't work here. I know a little, though. I get excited for all the phones' big launches, even if they don't work here. I dig phones. Oh yeah, and my opinions aren't quite short enough for Tweets, either.
The fat checks from Verizon, Comcast, and the like probably didn't hurt, either.
Thanks. Workflow is really interesting, and I ran it until it wanted a YouTube URL, which I didn't have. I'll have to test it with something later.

Should add you need to do this in Safari... Chrome won't know how to handle the link when you get there. (Easy fix, copy URL, paste in Safari.)
Wow. That was incredible.
My niece. She's 9 months old. I sent her mom a picture of some tiny dice I saw at a game shop. I mean I wouldn't give a baby (or toddler) dice because they'll put them in their mouth etc., but I thought it was funny, and she wrote back and said I can teach her D&D and she can play if she's so inclined. I play and I DM and I'd definitely DM for kids if they were inclined to play. She's also said we can introduce her to anime. I put [*Kimi no Na wa.*](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5311514/) on for her before the English version came out... I figure at 5 months, it's not gonna matter if it's in Japanese or English. And she didn't take her eyes off it. And when it was over, gave me this look like, "well, now what?" which is the perfect reaction to the end of that film.

Kids make me hopeful for the future because we can do better by them than was done by us, or at least we can do our best and try.
I generally prefer Android, as an OS, myself. The share system in iOS is weird, plus Apple is a little too controlling with what you can and can't do. For most users it's fine, but I'd like the choice to be able to play Super Nintendo games on my phone. There are emulators for iOS, but you need jailbreak for them since Apple doesn't allow them in the App Store. And Google does.

The audiobook thing has a couple workarounds. There are apps that have and use their own storage. Audible may not be one, but with Documents you can download a folder full of .mp3 files (an audiobook), put it in a folder with the name of the book, and it will play them, I'm pretty sure. Not as good as a bespoke audiobook player, though. Google Books does audiobooks now, but I don't think they let you side load. Samsung/Android definitely wins here.

For something cheaper, the Galaxy S8 should see a price drop after the S9 comes out. There will probably be some good sales on it in the coming months, but it sounds like you can't wait that long due to damage. So you might get $100 off or something.

I've never been an Apple guy. I've used both, and I don't mind iOS. I'm using it now. I prefer Android software and Apple hardware. So there's no perfect phone for me. I've never used the same phone manufacturer twice and that trend will probably continue.
I had no idea Workflow could be used for that... honestly I had no idea what to do with Workflow, so I removed it after trying it. I will have to go back to it now... thanks!

Is there a sub for presets/whatever for it?
Wait a couple weeks for the S9. You already like Samsung, and it has everything you want.

If you don't want lag, you basically want an iPhone. Android lags more out of the box and builds up lag over time. 22 months later my iPhone 6s is still running smooth. I've never had an Android phone work this well, that long. But, no SD card slot. Battery is not so good on the 4.7" versions. Get a Plus and you'll be alright. You didn't say anything about phone size, though. The iPhone 6/6s/7/8 Plus is huge. Probably not much different from a Note 8 though.

But iPhone doesn't have SD card slots. With the latest one, though, you can get 64GB or 256GB (nothing less or in between). iPhone 7 comes in 64GB, 128GB, or 256GB. 128GB is perfect IMO. Also they use NVMe-based SSDs for storage. Much faster than Android internal storage. SD storage is the slowest, though for media it's not a big deal. I'd rather have a big pool of fast storage than two pools of slow storage, but that's just me. You do you.

All the new phones have great cameras. If you're looking at Pixel or Pixel 2 (or XL, it's the same), any iPhone or Samsung from the last couple years, you're gonna have a great camera. LG, less so. HTC or Motorola, even less.

Yes, all the smartphones have Bluetooth. However, some have Bluetooth 5, which is better than Bluetooth 4, which the rest (from the last couple years) have. I don't know which ones have 5. Look into this before you buy. 5 has better range AND less power consumption. The latter being more important to your use case. Pretty sure the Galaxy S8 had Bluetooth 5, so Note 8 and S9 should have it. But I'm not sure.

For a battery, though, you can always get a power pack. I got a 10,000mAh on Amazon for $14. Standard iPhone is just under 2,000. iPhone Plus is about 2600. Androids tend to run 2500-3500, with Note 8 and Galaxy S#+ being at the upper end of that (S9+ will be 3500). So even with a monster battery, that 10,000mAh will charge it 3x over. It can charge my iPhone 6s 5x over!

They all have pretty good phone quality. Motorola used to be the leader there, though now, nobody's lagging in that respect. Any flagship phone you get will have good call quality.

Based on what you've said, I'd recommend 256GB iPhone 8 Plus, followed by Galaxy S9+. I recommend the iPhone first because iOS is simple and has far less lag, and that aspect felt more important. However, the elements that go into my S9+ recommendation are not far behind at all. You already like Samsung, and it has an SD card slot.
"Blackouts and other restrictions apply." Yeah, you have T-Mobile, known in some areas as "Not Mobile." (I know what sports blackouts are.)
It is free to download, but has an in-app purchase of $6.99 to remove the ads. However, it has fullscreen popups that cannot be dismissed (at least not right away) that appear at seemingly random times.

I uninstalled it. It would be nice to have a downloader on my iPhone, but what I do now is remote into my desktop or laptop and have jdownloader2 do it, and then I can copy/move the video to the cloud (usually GDrive) and then pull it up from there.
Awesome kid, likes FMA and Cuphead. Parenting goals right there.

I tried to get my oldest niece (14) into anime a couple times and she just gave me a look that said "miss me with that weeb stuff." Sad. Not giving up though, I'm gonna get her with *Kimi no Na wa.*. It might work.

Got my youngest niece (9 months, 5 months at the time) to watch *Kimi no Na wa.* and she was enthralled the whole time. She couldn't really get up and walk away, but she didn't look away from the TV, either. Except at the very end she had a look like, "well, now what?" which is basically the perfect reaction to that ending. Tried to get her to watch *Sword Art Online: Ordinal Scale* and she was a lot less enthusiastic.
> Has all the DS extra stuff -- bonus dungeons, extra endings, etc etc -- that was removed from the mobile version.

That's weird. I'm pretty sure the very first iPhone was more powerful than the original DS and DS Lite. I have no doubt that the New 3DS is more powerful (though I'm not sure). However, I can safely say that the modern iPhone supported today (5s and newer) is many orders of magnitude more powerful than any DS you can buy. Or any Nintendo handheld up to and including the Switch. To qualify that, we know that the Switch is running old nVidia hardware. The current nVidia Shield TV is known to be faster, and that's Android. Well, the most recent Android phones are just now catching up to *some* aspects of Apple's 2015 A9 chip (what's in the iPhone 6s). They're faster, no doubt, but Apple chips are something else. Qualcomm (who makes the Snapdragon chips the best Android devices use) is about 2 years behind Apple, believe it or not. So anything a Switch can do, I can safely say an iPhone 5s or newer can do better (except resolution and possibly RAM). 6s Plus should have Switch beat (1080p, 2GB RAM). And beating DS was done a decade ago (but to be fair DS is what, 2004? and OG iPhone is 2007. So yeah).
I set it up first, only because she's not technical at all. I knew the experience would be the same from iOS to Android (all of Google's iOS apps use Google's Material Design, they're almost identical on Android). And it was a little tricky at one point, but I got it. Actually easier on hers, probably because Android. iOS is just... weird.
Yeah, I know what. I've tried to take that route to Vegas, even after knowing what's in there. No, that's definitely not a bucket wheel excavator, but I can see how you might remember that, since it may have had conveyor belts?

[Here's a good picture of it](https://i.imgur.com/EnWqfST.jpg), without the thing you didn't want to say. Only standard single bucket excavators here.
Had some fun with it. But this is weird... I got the GH Mini for my wife for Christmas. We're both set up on it. (But only I got the free audiobook.) I have the female assistant voice, she has the male assistant voice. We have very different phones (I have an iPhone 6s, she has a Droid Turbo 2). We don't share or have our Google accounts on one another's phones.

When I do the Broadcast thing from the Assistant app on my iPhone, it broadcasts in the male voice, though I have the female voice set up, and it responds in female when I speak to it. But when I broadcast... male.

Which is perfect because I used it to prank my wife and she thought it was "her" Google and not "mine" but I'm still curious.
Vulva or vagina? The vulva should be darker, especially if you're not super thin and don't have a thigh gap. Friction caused by walking, running, etc. will cause a vulva (or scrotum and penis) to darken, most notably in fair skinned people and starting around adolescence. (I had a cousin flash me at 10 and hers was darkened, it kind of surprised me. I knew it happened, just not that young.)

The vagina can be different colours, but you shouldn't worry about how a boyfriend sees it. If you think it's a health issue, talk to a gynecologist about it. If they say it's fine, don't worry. If they say it's not, they can give you something for it and maybe you dodged something that could have escalated later if left untreated.

As a straight male, I can honestly say that the colour of either does not bother me.
I loved DPaint back in the day. I had an Amiga 1000 with the RAM pack mounted in front and a 10MB sidecar hard drive. Love that computer. Wish I still had it. Genie and three wishes, I'd be real tempted to use one to get all my Amiga stuff back and in full working order. Especially if it included my father, who passed 16 years ago. He's the one who got me into it, and computers in general. 
Samsung makes flip smartphones, but they don't sell them outside Korea. Literally flip phones that run Android.
That sucks. And a look at their site shows they don't even have Weiß — it's the newest trading card game. It's like Magic, but with anime. A shop like that should at least have it on their site. Unless it's not really played on the west coast, which would suck, because it's a great game. 

The table fee might be worth it if they keep quiet, but game stores rarely are, so playing there wouldn't be any better than playing at a McDonald's. I DM a game and cook for my players, but I'm a long way from my hometown. Anyway, if you're willing to run D&D, you may find it's easier for a DM to find players. It's a hard job but it's in demand.
Definitely no bucket wheel excavators in *Fallout: New Vegas*. I think they were invented after the timeline divergence. (Huge*Fallout* fan.)
Ah okay! I just wanted to be safe! From the point they leave the crater to the point the song ends. With a rather large bang, I might add. Yes, *Sparkle* is the one that plays during the film's climax. *Dream Lantern* is the OP, *Zenzenzense* is the one in the trailer that plays about 40 minutes in right after the line, "Does this mean... That guy/girl and I... We're switching places?" And the one at the very end is *Nandemonayia*.
Anime fans feel your pain. Attack on Titan took four years to get its second season, and it's one of the more popular ones. 
The em dash is indeed the longest one. The en dash is the shorter of the two (ALT+0150) which is –.
That name doesn't ring a bell, but I haven't been there in over 20 years. This place was there in the early to mid 90s.

I see that's the place that's there now... That's the kind of place you're looking for. 
What's wrong with the dozen or so other topics about it here?
Get Holdkey. It's free, but there's a paid ($5) version that does a few more things. Then press and hold D (dash) and you'll get the en ad em dashes.

The long dash you're looking for is called an em dash and can be made manually by holding ALT and hitting 0151. I use the em dash regularly and do that several times a day.
Do you use Facebook? Generally local game shops have Facebook groups dedicated to each major game they host. D&D, Magic The Gathering, Weiß Schwarz, etc. They post game shop tournaments/Adventurer's League, releases, things like that, and you can post that you're looking for a private group. You might play at the shop or someone might host in their home. Or they might meet up at a Starbucks or McDonald's or something.

I haven't been to SR in a couple years, and haven't been to the game shop in... I don't even know how long. Is it even still there? When I was a kid, it was on Mendocino Avenue, south of College Avenue but north of Fourth Street. Up by where Acapulco used to be, maybe a little south of that. Anyone remember what that place was called? My first game store. Anyway, a place like that should host groups. If they don't do the Facebook thing, you could ask in person. But they should. Those game stores are hubs for the local gaming community.
For anyone who doesn't want to Google/Wiki it, this is a bucket wheel excavator. It's used for mining. This one is in Germany. The business end of it, which is commonly mistaken for a circular saw, is basically a Ferris wheel of buckets, and it spins and digs. There's a conveyor belt that takes what it digs and passes it back along the length of the machine. Most of the rest of it supports that operation, or moves it. It can't go very fast, and it isn't meant to. My understanding is that it was shipped in and assembled on the spot. That must have taken ages. If you want more information, Google it. There's a lot of good information out there.

I'm a big fan of large vehicles, and this one's my favourite. I'd love to have one hollowed out and turn it into a giant man cave. I mean the middle part, where all the engines and whatnot are. Take all that out, insulate it, make a home in there, put in a cinema, some other cool stuff. I mean it just looks like a (not so) secret base for a villain.

There's one in the game *Borderlands*. Somehow I don't think it was to scale. *Just Cause 3* had a few of them and I **know** it wasn't to scale.
Weirdly enough there aren't a lot of high resolution images of this thing.
The part where *Sparkle* plays. Essentially the climax of the story. I don't want to spoil it for you.
They don't say if it's been recorded in English yet or not. Is it in English/both or only Japanese still? I mean generally I like to get it on Blu-ray so I have both options (and can watch both). Seen Kimi no Na wa. both ways (and own it), seen Koe no Katachi both ways (still waiting on release). This one's on my radar but it hasn't played in theaters here and I doubt it will at this point...
It's starting to sink in that /r/SeriousConversation has become a place for anti-gun causes to astroturf. Can we really not keep it to one topic?

That being said I don't disagree. I'm a bit torn on the individual rights issue, but yes, the government is corrupt. We need to get money out of government yesterday. The NRA shouldn't be able to buy politicians.

Also, automatic weapons are banned.
Hack, or NetHack. What was called Hack in the 80s and early 90s has since been renamed NetHack (I guess because of the Internet, though it's not an online game, exactly). There are a ton of Roguelikes now, which the genre is called because Hack was based on an older game called Rogue, but Rogue wasn't nearly as advanced.

Hack is/was a top-down turn-based (in pseudo real time, but you could 'pause' the game by not making any moves) dungeon crawler traditionally drawn with ASCII art, but sometimes graphical tile sets were used. I grew up on the Amiga version, which had it both ways, and you could even edit the tiles.

The object of the game, simply as stated, is to delve into a dungeon and retrieve the Amulet of Yendor, located "somewhere beneath the 27th floor" (as in, after the 27th floor it has a random chance of dropping), but it's so much more than that. Sometimes the dungeon will give way to goblin mines. There's a mall. Some floors have shops. There are elemental planes. There are dozens of enemies. There are gods. There are so many things you can do. There are joke classes (like the tourist, but the camera does blind some enemies, so there's that). There are memes. There are references to Lord of the Rings and other things.

For decades I said they couldn't possibly update it. However, now, I believe that they can. I think it would be too complicated for a lot of people if they included everything, though.

Amazingly, this game is free. [You can get it here.](https://www.nethack.org/common/index.html)
WTF? I love Kevin Smith. I will agree he hasn't made a good movie in over a decade (since Clerks 2) but IDGAF. He's a wonderful human being and I only wish him the best, even if I don't like his recent movies. I haven't seen Tusk (it doesn't appeal to me) but Red State and Yoga Hosers were dog shit. I'll probably watch his future movies (that interest me) out of respect, but I'm afraid he's lost it as far as making movies. I dunno. He's done a lot of directing for CW shows, and I wonder if he's done better there.

I think one thing a lot of people and a lot of casual fans don't know about him is that his buddy Jason Mewes (the Jay in Jay and Silent Bob) had a serious drug (heroin?) addiction. Kevin Smith helped him beat it and how he's (Mewes) a husband and a father. His baby's super adorable, too. He turned his life around and Kevin Smith was a big part of that. He got rich doing what he loved and he helped his friend up from the lowest point in his life. People usually don't get much better than that. He is one of the good guys for sure.
I can speak from experience on this one. Everyone loves the baker. My wife started doing it... I think she started doing bake sales to raise money for Extra Life. She got into baking, and she always bakes for co-workers. Her big hit right now is what these Southern ladies call "honey bun cake," but it's really cinnamon roll cake. Super easy to make and such a hit with everyone. She also does cookies (mostly Snickerdoodles) and bacon cheddar (or just plain) beer bread. Sometimes banana bread, sometimes with raisins and/or walnuts. Or brownies. Or cookie bars. Anyway, that's one thing people appreciate. (I'll tag her, /u/SilentJo, in case she wants to weigh in.)

Anyway, the cards... it's just a signature. Don't be a stranger. ;) I mean, your friend.
I wouldn't stop signing other people's cards. How people treat you reflects who they are. But how you treat them reflects who you are. Honestly, they probably didn't mean anything malicious. Don't return forgetfulness with malice.

If anything, begin a few conversations with "so for my birthday the other day/last week, I" or something like that. Then you know they know.

I mean, your friend.
Possible Seattle 2037 as well... blame it on the president, or attribute it to hippie culture, however you wanna spin it... I'm thinking the latter (but get rid of the smokestack).
(Atheist) As inevitable, and being as relevant to me as the time before I was born.
[Willy/Milly aka Something Special](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092216). Not sure what the actual name of the movie is. It was marketed as "Something Special" here in the US, and a search for it on IMDb brings up this movie. I guess that's what it was called elsewhere. I don't know. It WAS posted before but over a year ago, and was taken down. Saw it when I was a kid, was able to remember the name, curious about it. None of the streaming services have it. It's like 30 years old. Ain't picky about quality but you know, better is better.

Dean Koontz movies. Usually made for TV, they usually suck. I'm mainly curious as a fan. The two I want are Mr Murder and Sole Survivor. I've seen the rest or don't care about them. Older stuff. Phantoms and Hideaway were decent. Yep, the same Phantoms Ben Affleck was 'da bomb' in according to Jay in Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.
I just saw House on Amazon, region free for like $74. Whole series. Blu-ray. DVD is like $6 less or something. I'm tempted to get it, but I'm not sure I'd watch it again. I'm tempted to get it just to have it, but that's kinda wasteful. 
I didn't read the post, and perhaps that's rude, but I just want to reply to the topic title. Not liking negative feedback is normal.

Don't let other people get to you. Don't look at the votes. Post what you want. Don't let the votes define your day.
.hack//SIGN's OP, *Obsession*. Did anyone *actually* like it? I thought it was cringy AF. Still voted for it, since that show opened so many doors. Without it we probably wouldn't have Log Horizon and Sword Art Online. It deserves more recognition.
Should be "you may not realise it." Some of us do. But I mean, that's life. Experiences condition us. No one is an island.
I can't decide on one medium. So, *Black Mirror* for traditional film shows, and *Orange* for animation. *Black Mirror* needs no introduction on Reddit. *Twilight Zone* but dealing with the advance of technology. *Orange* is about a group of friends in high school, and a girl who receives letters from the future. They seem accurate, but when they tell her to shun the new boy and not hang out with him, she disregards the warning. I think you can watch it on Funimation Now without an account, or with a free account.
There was only one bad episode IMO, the one with House stuck in the airport. It wasn't bad, it was just my least favourite.
7 times since August last year and yeah, I still feel it.

I don't think my wife does. She's seen it maybe twice, and if I put it on, she's like, "this shit again?"

I watched it with my niece and she seemed to enjoy it. Wouldn't take her eyes off the screen, and when it was over, she gave me a look like "well now what?" She was only 5 months old at the time, but I felt like, if nothing else, she appreciated the pretty colours. I tried to watch Sword Art Online: Ordinal Scale with her, but she only paid attention for about the first third before starting to nod off. We were also watching on the laptop, vs the 55" TV for Kimi no Na wa.. But I'd like to think she enjoyed it, and I look forward to showing her the movie in English (only the Japanese version was out at the time — I figure it doesn't matter what language it's in, but now that she's starting to form words, probably better to stick with English).
I think we will mostly agree that *Kimi no Na wa.* was a great movie, but if you haven't seen *Koe no Katachi*, I urge you to see it sooner than later. It was very good and deserves most of the hype. I rated it 9/10 (and *Kimi no Na wa.* and *Wolf Children* 10/10) but words cannot express how much I love this movie. It's not perfect though. It suffers from pacing issues, it had stuff it didn't need, and it needed a couple things it lacked, but for what we got, it was pretty good. 

I generally watch in English (though I watched both first in Japanese), so I'm waiting for an English version of *In This Corner of the World*.

*Kimi no Na wa.* may be about as close to perfect as it gets, but never stop enjoying new Japanese films. And be prepared, Shinkai is going to surpass it. Hosoda might, too. (I'm personally not a fan of Miyazaki's more whimsical style. I recognize that he is good, I just don't get out of his films what his fans do. They're just okay to me.)
Never worn one. Might be because I'm a guy.
Easy answer: There is one, and it's called Google Play Music.

Long answer: Play Midnight is a skin for the Google Play Music web service. For the developer to make a Play Midnight app, Google Play Music would have to have an open API for third party developers to tap into. I do not know whether they do or not, but it would be a good question. One of the main reasons I use Spotify over competitors is that they're the only one with a dark theme. I would use a Play Midnight app for sure.
They can. The exact answer will come down to a variety of factors.

I don't run Wallpaper Engine, Rainmeter, or Steam on my laptop. I could probably get away with it, and might put them up here when I upgrade to an SSD, but until then, though the performance hit would be slight, I opt not to do so. I run all three on my desktop PC, which is a beast, though.
I don't know. I don't have a good answer for you. 
The straw seems a bit much, but it's a noble idea. I bring chopsticks with me when we go out. I don't actually mind the cheap bamboo ones (they have great grip!), but mine are longer, and they have okay grip. I have a plastic pair that have shit for grip and aren't worth anything but looking at. I don't think they're meant for actual use. Or maybe use by a ninja. Or maybe ceremonial use only (chopsticks are also used in funeral rites). But that's creepy, as they were given to me (I did not choose them). The chopsticks I bought were from an Asian market, and didn't cost a whole lot. Got some compliments on them, too.

Our favourite Asian restaurant is a kind of buffet, but they bring the food to you on small plates, so you pick four at a time and they bring them to you as they make them. Japanese name, run by a Chinese lady, with both Japanese and Chinese food available. I started writing my first name in kanji (Japanese symbols). The owner came by and asked "Who's (or perhaps Whose) Japanese?" And then asked me if I knew what I wrote. I said I did, told her my name... she smiled, but I wonder if I wrote a curse word by mistake. I don't think I did. If anything like that, it's probably silly. My penmanship can always use improvement, but it wouldn't hurt to find a native speaker and run it by them to see if I have it right (because you know Google Translate is not the first and foremost authority on translation). I could also learn to write it in Chinese, but those symbols are even more complex. I love their languages, though.

edit: By "a bit much" I don't mean I think the metal straw is a bad idea. I'm also not against zero waste/environmental responsibility. I just mean it's a bit much *for me*. I don't bring my own chopsticks because I'm trying to save the planet, I bring my own because I like mine better.
*Koe no Katachi* wasn't a better *movie*... but it would have made a great series. It had a great story, but it felt rushed to get it into a movie. Maybe a miniseries would have been more fitting.

*Kimi no Na wa.* was a bona fide movie with a big movie moment that people aren't likely to forget for a long time... but it, too, felt a little rushed, particularly the final act.
Nope, I use the minimum seeing required for visibility and no more. I actually hate the dry sound, so I try to avoid that.
What did Alf stand for and what did he eat?
Reeling in the years, dirty work, do it again. 

Better question: in the bend Steely Dan, which instrument did Dan play? Easily googled but still.
They're both in NC now. Aldi is okay, haven't been in years, couldn't drag my wife to one. We go to Lidl all the time though.
That's a *Dallas* reference, isn't it? Was *Dallas* big there? 38 and never watched it.
Brosnan. Fight me IRL. 

I mean, it's gonna be your first Bond usually and mine was GoldenEye. I'm 38. Same with Doctors, only my first was Nine and Ten is my favourite. Eccleston would have made a better Master IMO. Connery may be the only correct answer, but for classic Bond I actually prefer Roger Moore.
**Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious** 

Ha, Google keyboard knows it. Trace typing, you only need to get to -*cali*- for it to register. Try doing it slow. I was ready to do the whole thing and fuck with Google, but I guess they weren't born yesterday.
Dissin' Terry?
How about Lidl?
The shitty kitty!
Always. I won a couple times. It's a risk, but not taking it has done worse for me than taking it. 
'76 Torino super enough? It was a piece of shit that drank power steering fluid because the gear box was fucked and it got 8 miles to the gallon on a good day, but so fun to drive. Paid $300 for it. California gave me $500 to have it crushed, along with my hopes and dreams.
I'm 38, and when I was getting ready to leave high school, the freshmen were starting to draw these. I had no idea what they were about. There's a max age too, but it varies by region I suppose. 

It's a cool symbol, sure. I like the pseudosymmetry of it, the relation to the Mobius strip, and the infinity symbol. Whoever came up with it was pretty clever.
So I've heard. I actually have trio books to read before SAO, but then I'm going to read them all.
I haven't but I really want to. I have the first one!
Haha, true. I love that scene. It felt just a bit out of character for Kirito, but that whole arc was off, in my opinion.
As much as I love the anime, the game gets a hard pass from me for a different reason. In the second season, they killed off a beloved character in a pretty emotional fashion (terminal disease). I don't know if there was backlash or what, but the games literally said "LOL jk she didn't actually die, it's the future and we can cure AIDS." I think it's pretty disrespectful to the fans, not to mention the 35 **million** people who have died from it. 

The games introduce a few new characters and that's great... so why bring a dead character back? 

Not to mention a part of these games has to do with seducing the girls in the harem and taking them to bed, most of whom are underage. As a 38 year old guy, that's not okay with me. I like these young women for their strengths, not what's under their shirts or pants. While I'm sure they don't let you seduce Yui (the little girl faerie), I'm almost sure Silica, the second youngest and the "tagalong kid sister" character is fair game. The rest are in high school. 

That and it's not in English. There's spoken audio and if you don't know Japanese, you have to read it. And that's fine for the younger generation, but this old guy can't be arsed, especially not in a fast paced shooter. Am I reading bad "Call of Duty meets .hack" fan fiction or am I shooting bad guys?
Yes and he had an iOS app commissioned. It's a writing app based on typewriters, and you can buy new typewriters (basically themes) for it. I think it's a crock of shit, but I'm also intrigued and Tom Hanks is a good actor. It's called Hanx Writer if you're curious. (And no it's not on Android, which sucks.)
Side note, if you're paying alimony, can you then claim your ex as a dependant, when filing taxes? Because they basically are. Like a child, they're a person who depends upon you for financial support.

Not judging divorcees, just curious.
Subsidized phones are on the way out and have been for a while in the US. 

I was quite surprised to see US Cellular offering the Galaxy S8 for $98 with a two year contract. But you pay more on the bill. You don't save money, in fact you usually pay more that way. Also, US Cellular sucks now.

A lot of people make payments. My wife and I started payments on our phones but paid them off. And we're not rich. Just had the money and wanted to get our bills down. But with decent credit you can get a phone on a 24 month plan at 0% interest through Verizon or Google. I don't know what Apple's plans look like. I went through Verizon for my iPhone. I assume it's the same as with Google, but you know what you get when you assume.
No, not the on board time... I mean we know how many frames per second it records at (or can find out). Count the frames. That gives us the exact time it takes us to go in the tiniest fractions of a second. Even a 15FPS cam is giving you time in fifteenths of a second. That's pretty precise.
And yet, we have three. Has a fourth been announced?

I agree though. I think the best representation of D&D has been in *Stranger Things*; other nerdy shows have covered it, like Big Bang Theory and I think someone said they played it on Community... it's probably been in other shows, too.

Anime has the "stuck in a game" genre inspired by Tron and including titles such as .hack//SIGN, Log Horizon, and Sword Art Online. This format could work for D&D, i.e. you have people who start out playing a game and then they find out they're IN the game and they are the heroes they rolled. That might have wheels.  But I wouldn't want to see it be some cheap Hollywood POS, I'd like to see it written and overseen by actual D&D players, people who know what's what. I'd like to see the players realise why rules are what they are. Someone quoted a line about having only two spells prepared. I'd rather see the scene where the wizard realises why he can only have so many spells prepared in the pen & paper game, as preparing them over breakfast or whatever proves more demanding than he'd ever thought. By the end, a few rules will have been taught, and the players are all better for it. I mean, it would still be a little cringy, but it could possibly work.
I always tease my wife and say there's a couch in there, lounge area, TV, etc. Then I had to tell her, this one restaurant, the men's room has a TV above the urinals, usually it's a basketball game on, maybe whatever sports, IDK about sports much. Apparently there's no TV in the ladies room. Carolina Ale House if you're wondering. Sub-par food, lots of TVs... like a regional BW3's.

Safety is the #1 reason.
Nina before and after.
Maybe obvious, but it's also a flame red Mustang (may not be the name of the colour, but it fits).
My brother used to have this on VHS. I Berger watched it, though. Is this from that or is there a newer one? His was from the 80s.
None taken. As I said, I don't write it.

I wouldn't mind writing for Fallout, but I lack the humour and wit and the 50s Americana. If I wrote for Fallout, it would be gritty and more like Mad Max but with Vaults, Pip-boys, and blue utility jumpsuits. It wouldn't be cringy, but it wouldn't really be **Fallout**.
Nah. They're just not fooling anybody.
I never have Apple Music autoplay when I connect my Bluetooth headphones or car kit. What am I doing right? I have no intention of installing it, but I can see how it would be a problem. iOS 11.2.6 on iPhone 6s.

I mean, I buy songs on iTunes, but if this were a problem, I could delete the app, download the songs on my laptop, and then sideload them into TinyPlayer (or Documents or a number of other programs).
Well, that's one way to settle [Spectacle Island](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRBMC8wX6Gc).
Almost but not quite like the [Motorboatin' Kirito](https://i.imgur.com/TVc85Vl.jpg) Weiß Schwarz card (from the Ordinal Scale set). Well, it's called 'Enduring Emotions' but that's not what **we** call it!
> Wonder how accurate of a speed they could calculate off of the location & time stamps.

Very. Some states have mile markers, down to the tenth of a mile. Pass one landmark, pass another. That distance can be measured down to the inch or centimeter. They can time you in the video. This is relatively basic math and very easy to explain to a jury of your peers, let alone someone who's trained. The explanation basically sounds like, "the defendant passed X at Y time and A at B time, that's Z miles in C seconds for exactly N miles per hour." And N has like four decimal places, and they round down for your benefit, but you're still over. They can also fudge the distance a little in your favour and show that, even with a greater distance, you were still over the speed limit (if you are) and then... yeah.
Well, I'm like Kirito enough in that I met my wife online, and she's my Asuna... maybe not *her* Kirito though. (My wife would rather be Subaru from .hack//SIGN... until I remind her that the first time Subaru stepped out of the safe zone, she got her ass kicked. Nobody kicks Asuna's ass. Yuuki came close, but called it off when she realised Asuna was 'the one.' And Yuuki decimated Kirito. So I think Asuna would beat Kirito in a fight, if they both gave it their all. Gotta respect that.)
11, I think. Wasn't Yuuki's combo so awesome because it was the most? Or no?
We have literally hundreds of them near us. What I'm saying is, to test it out, I searched Rogue One on Redbox's website, and the only kiosk that had the code was one half an hour away. None of the hundreds within 5-10 miles of me. I have a Walgreens within walking distance that has a Redbox.
I'm white. My whole family is white (except one adopted half black aunt). Regardless, I don't feel that the United States needs a white history month. I don't think we have accomplished anything worth celebrating "as white people." All of our accomplishments have been "as Americans." It's different for blacks because they did it amidst so much strife. But I think it's time to start dialing it back and stop thinking of them "as black" and start thinking of them "as Americans" like how blacks are in the UK, Japan, and other places. A black guy in Japan or the UK isn't a black guy, he's whatever everyone else is. He just has black (dark brown) skin. And nobody really cares about that. It's got very little to nothing to do with who he is. I want that for our country. I don't want blacks to forget their heroes; rather, I want their heroes to be all of our heroes. I want them, and us, to all celebrate our heroes as Americans, not as the colour of their skin.
Why not both?
I would fear a fire arrow in my pie hole.
I don't know why some of the fans dump on this. Bethesda releases a couple packs and then a bunch of stupid paid mods. People aren't happy. Square releases a ton of DLC. People still aren't happy. All I can say is, vote with your wallet...

And yeah yeah, I know they're different games and situations. Bethesda releases incomplete games too. Google "Skyrim bug in the jar." Incomplete quest we still know almost nothing at all about. There's a lot of stuff like that.
Originally? Being a newer adaptation of .hack//SIGN. That's what I saw. The first anime I ever watched was getting a remake. That might not be entirely accurate, but that's what I thought at the time. That's what got me in the door. And I enjoyed it.

Then I saw a lot of other stuff and heard all the hate for SAO and kinda distanced myself. But then I got into the card game, and SAO was the best deck choice for me, so after embarrassing myself a few times (notably, calling Sinon a guy), I knew I had to go back through. Now I appreciate it a heck of a lot more, especially as it's tied in with the card game I play. I don't really like card games, but being tied up with a show I love, makes it a lot more fun.
Depends on the game. My mind went to D&D. In D&D, commoners are considered level 0. Level 1 would be like a cop (maybe a rookie cop with no prior LE or service experience) but I'm not saying they're the enemy (unless the situation calls for it). Maybe a mid-level gang banger?
Disney is basically greedy here and it's good that they're being shut down.

In a nutshell, everyone but Disney is giving Redbox a break on DVDs and Blu-rays. With Disney, Redbox has to buy the movies at retail. To recoup some of their costs, they've sold off the Vudu/Ultraviolet codes that come with the movies. Disney says they can't do that, since the codes are supposed to be privately used by the owner of the disc, not split up. I'd sympathise if Disney wasn't trying to cheat Redbox the other way. Redbox isn't actually hurting Disney here; in fact, they're one of their biggest customers (not really but they are throwing Disney a ton of money, and more than they would otherwise).

BTW, they're not selling the codes online. You have to go to a Redbox. In my case, Redbox wanted me to drive half an hour each way to pay $8 for a Rogue One code. None of the hundreds of Redboxes here in town have it. So if you consider what your time is worth (and gas, and the risk of an accident and wear & tear), it's really not a great deal, except for the maybe 2 Star Wars fans in that town who probably just bought it on Blu-ray.
Haha, it's a lot more than that. It's like $5 for SD and more ($8-10) for HD, but when you consider you can scan the barcodes in your web browser (as in you don't have to actually buy the movie first), the prices get a lot saner, when you consider these are digital movies you're renting long term. They won't send you discs when they shut down the server.
You go to Redbox's website and search for the movie. The code will be at the kiosk. No, they can't just give you the code. Redbox wanted me to drive half an hour to pay $8 for a Rogue One code. For an hour's worth of my time plus the $8, I'd rather just buy the Blu-ray. It's not a good deal at all.
There's jdownloader2, and then there's everything else, though to be fair they all use youtube-dl on the back end as far as I know.
Anatomically, all things being equal, pretty much. However, there's more to what something "feels like." Your sexuality comes into play there. So if you're attracted to one gender, the same sensation from touching their butt will "feel" better. Even if you're bisexual or pansexual, you're still going to have some preconceptions about gender that will come into play.
Not breakfast sausage (which is often flavoured with maple), hot Italian sausage.

I came from "my parents were poor and I replicate their spaghetti recipe" to what I have now, and it's not even spaghetti anymore, but it's a thousand times better.

1. Rigatoni, not spaghetti. When you're rolling your own pasta, you don't have to use spaghetti. If you prefer long noodles, experiment with angel hair (thinner) or fettuccine (flat). I like the short noodles. Tried macaroni and the bowtie pasta first (not good), went to ziti and penne (better) but rigatoni is where it's at. The big ones. Also, don't cook past al dente.

2. Step up your sauce. I was raised on Prego. A lot of people make their own. I'm not there yet. Newman's Own Sockarooni is where it's at. Classico has some good options, too. If spicy is your thing, look for arrabiata. It's a variety, not a brand. It's basically the spicy pasta sauce.

3. Hot Italian sausage as mentioned before. I get the links and boil them until they're cooked all the way through, then put them in cold water, then slice and dice.

4. Zucchini and/or yellow crookneck squash. Rinse, cut and discard ends, cut lengthwise then dice. This goes in the sauce.

5. Diced tomatoes or Rotel, also goes in the sauce.

6. Once everything's cooked, noodles get drained, stuff gets mixed, then it goes into the casserole dish. Throw some shredded mozzarella on top, and into the oven it goes. Basically just want to melt the cheese, but also further soften the squash.

I'm always adapting. I don't have any firm or unchangeable recipes, so any tips are welcome, but that's where I'm at with my pasta casserole that evolved from spaghetti.
Cheaper. Raised by frugal parents.
Sip of vinegar to cure hiccups.

Every time someone asks for a hiccups cure, people post a bunch of shit that doesn't work because no one wants to brave the vinegar. Seriously, the jump scares don't work. When you really get tired of them, take a small sip of vinegar.

Apple cider vinegar is the least awful.
I wouldn't want someone I love to die for someone or ones who is/are not known to me, but I would die for students if I were in a teacher's position in a situation like that, so I wouldn't be able to fault another for it. OP, what if you were the teacher? Is that a situation you can comprehend enough to decide, or too strange?

Also, what age does your fiancee teach? I can see your conflict if they're high school students, but if they're grade school, you might be looking like you're wrong. If my death could guarantee the continued life of even a few young kids... I could think of a lot worse ways (and reasons) to go. What I couldn't fathom is how people feel who lose a child. It's got to be the worst thing ever. For me, a guy who drives 15 miles each way to work, is pushing 40, a lot of the adults who raised me have already passed on ahead of me... yeah, I'd take a bullet for a bunch of kids. It's not even a hard question.
51%. Not too bad, considering I listen to a bunch of J-rock and anime stuff.

What in the hell is *pop Christmas*, as a genre? I am nearly certain I have never played Christmas music on Spotify. If it said *pop Christian* I could maybe see that. I do, on occasion, play songs by bands that identify as Christians. And I have a few songs from Christian rock group Petra in my big playlist (I listened to them as a kid, and have a few favourites in my playlist, they're kinda like a generic Van Halen/Def Leppard, don't judge me). But they don't come up much (the playlist has 800 songs and I just shuffle it).

Green Day isn't alternative metal, it's punk rock, but that's not on you. Actually a lot of so-called punks and punkers hate Green Day, but I think it's part of punk culture to hate anything popular. The same guys would probably say the Ramones are shit, or at least *I Wanna Be Sedated* is (only song I know by them). Punks are a very self-defeating breed. I love some of their music, and the culture is interesting, if not exactly self-sustaining... at least, Green Day is alternative rock. There's really nothing metal about them, except for what punk has in common with metal, but there is a difference between punk and thrash metal, the metal that might be considered close to punk. There's also hardcore, which I think is to punk what metal is to rock, and Green Day isn't that either.

Like I said, not your fault, it's just fun to explore genres. The labels themselves don't really matter. It's really just how music makes you feel.
I keep hearing it's the best Zelda game. In my opinion, it's A Link to the Past all the way! But I can't count out games I haven't played. I think between my PC and my wife's 3DS, I can actually play all the ones I haven't, except BotW (I have neither a Switch nor an Nvidia GPU).
Not just that, the sword dive thing. My friend showed me. I was just jumping and it wasn't enough. 3DS version if that matters. Again, I did it ages ago, but I don't remember much. Maybe I should replay the game on the 3DS. My wife rarely uses hers.
Awkwardly. I wish real life phone calls were like on TV, where people just hang up when they're done talking. Ever notice that? Next time you will. Super convenient.
Suddenlink's been hitting us up about twice a year. I don't even answer the door for him anymore. It's the same guy. Nice guy, but our answer hasn't changed and I got tired of explaining it, and shouldn't have to. It's like every time we call our ISP, they try to sell us DirecTV. They know we're in an apartment and can't install the dish, they know we haven't moved, they have our billing address, but they have to ask. It's stupid, but I guess that's why cord cutting is so big. Big cable and satellite do things that don't make sense because that's how they've always done them, and they're more afraid of adapting than losing business.
Good to know — that's actually as far as I've gotten in this millennium, on the DS. When I had an N64, I got to the town and did the chicken catching game... I don't remember much from then. I mean on the DS I haven't broken through the web. I quite suck at the game.
To be fair, he does say it pretty fast.
Frame it first. It'll last longer and generally look better.
I think a lot of foreign travelers pick up their host language quicker than someone using, say, Duolingo or Rosetta Stone. For example, if I move to Japan for business, that's a pretty foreign language. They don't even use our same alphabet. There's a lot of English there, and a little Japanese goes a long way, as does body language. They're so big on politeness over there, if you have all the mannerisms right, they'll meet you halfway (partly because it's amusing and endearing to them). But if you want to learn... from what I've heard, you basically will. Because you're basically learning like children do, immersively.
One of my players is a huge Zelda fan, but both my players are very new, and I'm pretty new to DMing. What's the most iconic dungeon that will be super easy for him to recognise that will be easy-ish to run? I'm thinking East Palace because of the balls coming down the path early on, that would be fun as hell to run. Might need some adjustments though. He and I are both partial to A Link to the Past, but his favourite is Ocarina, which I'm not familiar with. I've played the Deku tree, and that's probably easy enough, except D&D has fall damage where Ocarina clearly did not (like when you dive through the web).
It was hinted at earlier? May have to rewatch it. I like Ass Class, but it seemed like they ran out of ideas and pulled the twist out of the air, or as the earlier term implies...

A plot twist is okay if it was planned from the beginning and it makes sense, or it makes irregularities add up all of a sudden when you consider the twist. I didn't get that. I loved it regardless, though.
Basically all of Koro Sensei's back story. It didn't jive with what was given in the beginning.
Love Ed but I can't help but view for Koro Sensei. I still think the end of Ass Class was a total ass pull, but I loved his character, and Sonny Strait does amazing work. FMA fans know him as Maes Hughes. Ed would want you to vote for Maes. His little daughter would want you to vote for her daddy. He's got so much work to do! Including a whole class to save.
Thanks! I am comfortable editing my Registry, and I'm also comfortable working with (and checking) .reg files. Note that if you right click it and click Edit, it still gives the scary UAC warning like you hit Merge (had to double check). Edit opens it in Notepad. .reg files are pretty easy to read, too.
Came here to upvote this. I had no doubt someone had said it already. I ran this as a new DM with new players and it went great.

I'm using the blacksmith's daughter as the Lost Mine hook. Turns out the blacksmith and his wife both beat her, and she's been learning to be an assassin in Phandalin, so she's friends with Gundren Rockseeker and Sildar I forget his last name, and she told my group, instead of taking me home, I have these friends who are looking for strong adventurers — and since I'm a rogue with dash, I can outrun your asses anyway. (My warlock said no she can't, but I said she's an NPC with a character sheet and she will fight to the death to avoid going back home, so she will do some damage. I awarded my characters level 2 after finishing Delian Tomb, but rolled her up to level 1 only.)
Ah. Thanks for the explanation. It's not their usual fare, but I don't dislike it.
I got both. Be warned if you get Asuna, though she comes with a stand, her head is so big that she will tip over and break off the stand peg in her foot. Leave her in the box or find a better way to stabilise her. I have her leaning.

I wish they'd make more... I'd prefer Yuuki next, followed by Yui, then Silica, but I wouldn't pass on Liz or Leafa.
Fair point. 
Well yeah, if I didn't want coverage I'd just get a tablet. What good is a cell phone that doesn't get coverage? ;)
Okay, so here's what it says so we're all on the same page:

"《"	LEFT DOUBLE ANGLE BRACKET	CJK Symbols and Punctuation	0x300A	0x0A30
"》"	RIGHT DOUBLE ANGLE BRACKET	CJK Symbols and Punctuation	0x300B	0x0B30

So you're saying ALT[plus]+300A/B? Those don't do anything. ALT[plus]Ox30 (A or B) makes a ▲ symbol.
Your position isn't exactly invalid, but shitting on an emulator developer in /r/emulation isn't gonna win you any cool points. Have you considered trying a frontend? LaunchBox is super popular, and free with paid extra features. Lifetime license is only $50, less than the cost of a AAA game brand new, and it's got a ton of nifty features. I'm not associated with it (and in fact I don't use it) but maybe it will help you. [Check it out?](https://www.launchbox-app.com/)
In case anyone's wondering/doesn't know it by name, [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrlEDyHoMu4).

Good call.
Absolutely. At least they'll have it on file.

What do you mean anonymous numbers. As in not in her phone book? Anything stopping you from calling the number back later? I'm not very clever, but a clever person might be able to tell you something you could say to get information from them, pretending to be someone in government or business. If you call threatening, they won't listen, but if you could make them think they won something, they might be more forthcoming with personal information. Then you know.
No. I'm more worried they'll short me and say they didn't. They always know if you get extra.
Honestly I'd be embarrassed to own either of them. I like Kill la Kill enough. I have a Ryuko plushie. It's adorable. Her expression is more realistic (kind of a smirk) and though her middle is exposed, it's not sexy, it's a toy. I'd feel bad sexualising Satsuki after what we learn about her in the anime.

I wouldn't be entirely opposed or disgusted to see them in someone else's collection, but for my money I'd want a stronger character at their best (or cutest). At the same time, I wouldn't want any figures or anime merch I wouldn't let my nieces and nephews see (or play with).
I liked it. And a lot of the one star ratings on Trakt and IMDb were posted before the release. I would advise everyone with a Netflix account to see it and decide for yourself — your membership fees already paid for Netflix's license to stream it. I cannot honestly say it's worth a trial sub though. However, they also have a live action serial of Boku Dake ga Inai Machi that is more faithful to the manga than the anime. So that is absolutely worth watching. Not to mention both Fullmetal Alchemist anime series.
Stupid. They should just give it to him, and anyone who wants it. I do believer they have every right to make money from their current product, but anyone who has paid for a Windows 7 or 8 license in some way spoiled be able to use it, with the knowledge it's sooner to be unsupported than 10. These are the users Microsoft should be making 10 better for. I'm a former 7 holdout. I still like 7, like I still like XP, 2000 Server, and 98. That is, more in theory than practice. But the feelings of other holdouts are perfectly valid for a variety of reasons, and I think Microsoft should use more honest and earnest methods to bring them over.
So you have a battery that lasts an hour, if that. Awesome. If we can get power that transmits over AM radio, you might have an idea on your hands, but the Trumpanzees would call you a communist for suggesting free power over the airwaves.
1.	I'll take it to have a cell phone in the boonies. I'd rather have a locked down Android I can call AAA from than walk back to town. I'm a big guy. 

2.	My iPhone is as locked down as they come. 

3.	You're wrong anyway. A Pixel bought from Google will work on Verizon and can be unlocked. I'm not sure, but I think the Essential PH-1 is the same. Though I understand if you generally only use Samsung, as your statement is absolutely true for them. 
With respect to SAO, I would think there better reference is to *Alice's Adventures in Wonderland*. I rarely await SAO III or the Alicization LNs, whichever comes first.
I told my wife if we have twin girls, the first one to be born will be named Aura and the second one, Yui. She was not amused.

I've told my mother about various anime characters I would name my child after (boy or girl). She said no Japanese names.

If we're being honest, Japanese names on a non-Japanese kid are going to give them a hard time in school. Kids will bully for anything and everything, so as a loving parent you don't want to hand them extra ammunition. But there are less traditional names you can use. 
Battery goes where?
Outside the US, yes. In the US, [no](https://www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/comments/7ypn3u/sony_releases_mysterious_teaser_for_its_next_phone/duifn0t/).
Yeah, they just don't make them for the US. They work here, on some of the weaker networks (Verizon is a no go) and they disable some of the features in firmware (basically they don't pay for the patents they use and so they can't release their phones here with those features available) but charge full price. You can flash the UK firmware and it'll enable all those features, but you still can't use it on a good network.

Outside the US they're probably great phones. They tend to have good cameras on them, and they have a dedicated camera shutter button. I believe they also still have the charm strap/lanyard hooks, too. I'd strongly consider one if they had all their features enabled in the US and worked on Verizon.
Might be why I didn't hear about it. I have a 6s.
My understanding was that iPhone can only use NFC for Apple Pay. Did that change? And when?

When I used Android, we had all kinds of NFC apps for reading/writing tags that could direct you to a website or change system settings.

What's possible on iOS with NFC beyond Apple Pay, and what hardware/OS level supports it?
Most are. However, there's a vocal minority of firearm enthusiasts who don't want the government to know how many guns they have, in case they ever need to stage a coup. Gun control issues encroach upon their privacy. As for staging a coup, it's bullshit. Some of them tried it in Oregon last year or the year before and generally got 0 support from the rest of them. They talk about a second Civil War, the South rising again, or whatever (they're usually more vocal under a Democrat president, even if Republicans control Congress as they did under Obama, so even though nothing's really changed in Congress, we hear less from these demonstrably uneducated fools under a Republican "president"). But they're not willing to support their brothers in arms when they say go, so... basically, they're full of shit. Or I should perhaps say they're about as willing to overthrow the government as I am to slay the dragon... in D&D... Wednesday nights with my friends. I'm saying it's all an adult fantasy to them. They talk about their guns and their skill, but if the pressure were on... they'd fold.

Sanity is another issue. Most people who couldn't get a gun because they're not sane... probably got that gun when they were sane. The best argument for keeping guns away from people who have gone crazy or who have snapped (notice we're using past tense here) is to reason with them before that happens and when they are sane and get them to disarm.
Aww, now I almost kinda sorta want a Mac! 

I'm torn — I like Macs for the aesthetic, but I'm a gamer, so I have a PC I built. It's great, but Windows 10 is just... okay. For day to day use, I'd rather be using something else. 

There are apps on PC, too. I have Android x86 in a VirtualBox, but the lag is unacceptable. I used to use a pretty fast Android emulator because Tapatalk was 500% better than using actual forums. Now Tapatalk is shit and I don't use forums nearly as much. There's no iOS on PC, so no Apollo, but Android has Sync and Bacon, and I own pro licenses to both. Still, with Android not running at 100%, it's a crummy experience. There are a couple Reddit apps in the Microsoft store, but the one I tried was not great. To its credit though, it can be installed on the Xbox, so there's that.
It is the default on both iOS and Android. The people who are bothered by it are more likely to go through the settings menus anyway and disable it, whereas the people who would appreciate it are more likely, in general, to accept the defaults as gospel. 

Smartphones are made for people who are not smart. It's one reason they're called smartphones. For those of us who are, the settings are that way »»»
I always turn off lock and unlock sounds, but that's just me. 
You mean do they not do this, as in disable it. I'm almost certain is a default feature.

I'm not sure about iOS as I'm only on my first iPhone, but I'm pretty sure with Android, it's one of the settings that is synced to your Google account, so when you get your next Android phone, when you sign into your Google account, that's one of the settings it fixes for you based on your previous phone. So if you've had Android for years, that might be why you don't remember setting it.
No. Men and women both have pectoral muscles there. Girls however are born with breast buds on top of them. There's a layer of fat there as well that is extra thick at birth, the fat layer basically protects babies and makes them able to take falls a little better than, say, older kids. Adolescent girls will keep a little fat over their breast buds, which grow into breast tissue, mammary glands that hold and produce milk. An overweight guy will have fat on top of pecs, whereas a fit woman will have a very thin layer of fat over mammary glands, over pecs. An overweight woman will have fat around and behind the actual breasts as wel. Muscle is firm, fat is soft, and breasts are somewhere in between.

Side note: Nipples are also different. From birth, girls' are perforated (to allow lactation later in life). Boys' aren't because they're not attached to breast buds.

tl;dr Your answer is, they can, but it depends on the female. If she's fit, they don't, not at all. If she's not, it'll be closer.
Not that dark but it's a hoot at parties, especially if you wanna burn your friends. So you need two friends and it helps if one of them's name starts with C, the one you wanna burn not as bad, but you can make it work with about anyone. You need three names. Two names that are gonna get thrown away at the end. Third one is a guy who's taking the piss for the whole joke. And a fourth name for the person you turn the whole thing around on.

Okay, say the guy taking the piss the longest is Charlie. I like C names because I go A, B, C. Again, figure it out for your people. So Charlie's taking the piss, but Robert's the one we really want. Oh, and we absolutely need his last name, so we'll say Jones. So here goes.

Adam, Bob, and Charlie are three midgets on vacation in Dublin Ireland, and they wanna get in the Guinness book of world records. Fluff it up, get people into it. Better if they're drinking. Provide details. Make it fancy. Get people interested. So they're in the Guinness Records place, and they're meeting up after to celebrate getting world records. Yeah, I tell a joke like shit. You can do better. So they meet up, and Adam says, yay, I got the smallest hands in the world! Bob says yay, I got the smallest feet in the world! They both look at Charlie and say what's the matter Charlie, you don't have the smallest cock in the world? Now let the room react. Or you could say earlier what they were all going for. Now Charlie's taking the piss. Smallest cock. Maybe you tell him in advance, he's being a good sport, he's offering to whip it out but he's not gonna. That's when Charlie says "who the fuck is Robert Jones?" And that's your other mate who has no idea and you've just said Charlie can't get the record because Robert's already got it.

I was hoping someone already said it... I see a lot of reposts in here... maybe next time this question comes round (usually it's in /r/AskReddit), someone will post this one, and they'll post it right, and get a thousand upvotes and 2x gold... Oh, you could also put a political figure in there, like Trump, Pai, Putin... except obviously "who the fuck is" doesn't quite work... make it like "god damn that Ajit Pai motherfucker" or however you wanna do it. Someone Reddit hates.
It isn't really so much a joke as a running gag. For anyone who wants the whole story, just Wikipedia it. The short version is, it's a long ass joke that always starts with somebody pitching a story (a book or script or play). The person they're pitching to asks what it's about. Then you tell the longest, most depraved sex story. Stuff like incest and cannibalism. The punch line is when the guy says that's horrible, what's the name, and the storyteller says "The Aristocrats." It's a very roundabout way of saying rich people are depraved... and it's not very funny because in today's society we kinda take that for granted. But 100 years ago we didn't and it was shocking.

Watched the clip and Cartman pretty much nailed it. As did the rest of them when they said they didn't get it.
Generally yes. Ideally I feel it's right, if I can save a life I would give my own, but ideally and practice are two different things. I feel like I would always take a bullet for my wife or any of my kids (I'm not a father but I've been a role model to various cousins, nieces/nephews, and kids of family friends over the years) but just about anyone else, it would really depend. Like, I'd like to say I'd take a bullet for a coworker or my boss, just arbitrarily, that's something I would choose to do, but again, in the heat of the moment we really don't know what we'd do. Soldiers and some emergency responders who have been in high adrenaline situations know how they'd react and can answer more honestly. I am neither, so I can only guess.
Nice poster. Movie's a bit high up.

When I went to Raleigh SuperCon last year, Michael Sinterniklaas and Stephanie Sheh were both there promoting the movie, but I hadn't seen it yet. I did go talk to Stephanie Sheh because she was Kayo in Boku Dake ga Inai Machi, so I had her sign my book and a wall scroll I had... Dumbass me also did not realise she was Yui on Sword Art Online... I'd have had her sign some of my Weiß Schwarz Yui cards, and I did get a selfie with her (and paid for it), and would have gotten my Yui plush in the picture... two missed opportunities. Still kicking myself. Still, she'll go to Raleigh once, she may come again.

I grabbed a Kimi no Na wa. poster, but it was just the 16x24. She offered to sign it but it was 3 signs per person and I had enough Boku Dake stuff so I said nah... again... kicking myself. Hoping to score a nice wall scroll with fan art at one of the cons this year. It's crazy, I'm such a different anime fan now than I was when I was last at a con. I was looking for and got a FFXV print, which is cool, and a Your Lie in April wall scroll, which is super cool. But I really want to find some good Kimi no Na wa. fanart (I'm hoping for something with Mitsuha, Yotsuha, and the grandmother, as well as one of them) as well as some SAO stuff (I play the card game, gotta represent my decks... and I honestly like the series, my first anime was the one that inspired it so... it's all in the family or whatever; of course if I could find some .hack stuff, that would be cool too, but I haven't yet).
Dean Koontz movies. Usually made for TV, they usually suck. I'm mainly curious as a fan. The two I want are Mr Murder and Sole Survivor. I've seen the rest or don't care about them. Older stuff. Phantoms and Hideaway were decent. Yep, the same Phantoms Ben Affleck was 'da bomb' in according to Jay in Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.
[Willy/Milly aka Something Special](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092216). Not sure what the actual name of the movie is. It was marketed as "Something Special" here in the US, and a search for it on IMDb brings up this movie. I guess that's what it was called elsewhere. I don't know. It WAS posted before but over a year ago, and was taken down. Saw it when I was a kid, was able to remember the name, curious about it. None of the streaming services have it. It's like 30 years old. Ain't picky about quality but you know, better is better.
Yes, it's as I said, it's anyone's guess. But gods are mythological beings, and it's the only explanation I've seen for this one. However, versus more Western stories, Japanese stories tend to leave things open and unanswered for the viewer's interpretation. So maybe there's another explanation. However, until presented with a better explanation, that's what I'm going to go with. 

It's like — are you familiar with _Sword Art Online_? I noticed an interesting detail. I probably shouldn't point it out unless you've finished the second season. Anyway, there's no denying what it is and that it is there, but I've been told that there's never been any stated intention for it to be there by the writer and illustrator of the manga. So one has to wonder, is it intended or is it coincidence? One can say it's intended, but one can't say it's not there.

That's one thing I love about anime and animation. If you go to IMDb, there are goofs where you can see the filming equipment in reflections or even right in the shot and nobody caught it before it went to theaters or even home video. Especially when we went from "full frame" (4:3) to "widescreen" (16:9), films had all kinds of stuff off to the sides that people missed in the theater, and they didn't care because they were gonna cut the sides off for home video. Then when widescreen DVDs started taking over, a lot of those movies just left those things in. (Some edited them out.) With animation, nothing is accidental. If something is there, it's because it was deliberately put there. I see a crater in a movie about a recurring comet, you might think the crater's always been there, something about correlation and causation (never got that phrase right). I say Itomori probably isn't even a real town, and the crater was specifically drawn with a purpose, and not just for Taki and Mitsuha to run around the rim and for the cool shots. Would have worked just as well on a plain.
Considering $100 Moto phones support Verizon's bands, any phone that costs $300 or more and cuts that corner (e.g. OnePlus, Huawei, other cheap Chinese crap), you gotta wonder what other corners they cut. Personally I'll take the best network and a great phone over a lesser network and a phone that arbitrarily can't use the best network. I can't think of a feature or price point where only being able to use lesser networks would be worth it. I mean that sounds pretty fucking stupid, to put it bluntly. I wouldn't buy a laptop that couldn't use anything but dialup, even if it could play the latest games at 4k60. Maybe if it could play the latest games at 4k60 AND cost under $500 then MAYBE... but yeah, it's a pretty stupid concept. I mean, all phones should just support all networks. 
Oh... did not know that! I've had it grab the original image, but not a 4k wallpaper.
No, the temple god's identity is assumed, but the temple is very obviously sitting in the middle of a crater. They mention that the lake was formed by the comet before the one in the movie. They never mention how the crater the temple it's in was formed, but one can guess. As for whether the god comes from the comet or thin air... well, it's anyone's guess.
I'm too old to fake shit. People on Reddit get the real me — mistakes and all. I can honestly say I've never 'cyberbullied' anyone. The concept is almost as foreign to me as 'trap rap.'
Cool... or you can right click the image and click "view image in new tab."

Not knocking your code if you made it, but Google removed a button, but not the functionality.
As a straight guy, this is so true. Except for the second paragraph, this can apply to straight guys as well. Or bi, or pan, whatever.

Conclusion, orientation is personal, but passion is near universal. Great post.
I did the same with the 6s. Complete the transformation and get the retro Apple logo.
While it was vague, it did cover why and how. You know how the lake was the last impact? There was one before that. The really obvious crater where the temple was was the first impact. The temple? Ground zero. The temple god is literally the first comet, and it's been rewarding the women in Mitsuha's family the ability to avert disaster for centuries.

Pay attention to everything the grandmother says. 

Whatever language you watched it in, try the other. I generally prefer English audio where available in anime, but I really like both versions of *Kimi no Na wa.*.
Almost. 

First of all, they believed that if the person getting blood eagled cried out, they would be denied Valhalla, which is Viking heaven. 

Second, the process was portrayed accurately on the TV show *Vikings*. The victim kneels and spreads their arms, usually they have grips. The executioner uses an axe to break their ribs along the spine. The lungs are then pulled out from the back and draped over the shoulders. They can then bleed out, or the lungs could be punctured which leads to death via asphyxiation. 
I vote deaf, because I've seen *Koe no Katachi*. It's a Japanese animated film about a girl who is bullied for being deaf and the aftermath for both of them. Pretty powerful stuff.
There have been some good articles and videos about "shot on" iPhone/Pixel stuff. Yes they use the phone in question, but it's hooked up to a rig to stabilise it and has an external lens, but it is the phone's image sensor at work. And honestly iPhones and Pixels have damn good cameras that, with assistance and great conditions, can be better.
Definitely my favourite side character. Not only the bit about Mitsuha losing it, but calling Mitsuha a jackass and a dumbass. At least, in the English version. I don't think she's quite so forward in Japanese.
I must have watched the movie 3-4 times before I realised that was Yotsuha.
> What setting do you wish anime explored more?

Adult life. Being a 38-year-old anime fan is not easy. Practically all the waifus are over 20 years younger than me. So... yeah. Let's just say Deku's mom has got it goin' on... but best girl is Sachiko Fujinuma from Boku Dake ga Inai Machi.
Yeah, that's the one.
Child care. I've been really paternal since I was about 13. Always been good with kids. Generally, babysitting isn't an acceptable thing for a teenage boy to do to make money in high school, so when I was in school, I offered tutoring services. I found that students whose parents went looking for a tutor had confidence issues. By giving them a friend who wanted them to do better, they wanted to impress me, and I showed them that they could do that by doing better in school. It wasn't just about teaching them off the clock. Most students are smart enough to get by, it's just some don't care as much, either because they aren't interested, or they lack confidence due to a number of issues. I have a gift and I've used it for good... not as much as I'd like, though. I've had good luck, but child care overall should be equal for men as well as women.
Haha, I could probably benefit, but I'm not gonna be caught dead in makeup. I can see the benefit though.

Also, aisles. Isles are islands, and I'm sure that isn't what you meant. ;)
So shop in the boy section too. My niece is 9 months old and I shop in both sections. I won't get her something that says son, nephew, or grandson, but other than that, a baby will wear whatever. I actually recently got her a NASA shirt. Boy's section. Also band shirts.

Actually if it's a baby, no one should care if you do get boy stuff. Babies haven't developed an identity and I'm pretty sure you can't give them a complex by putting the other gender's clothes on them. They just want to be warm, and to be held.
Well, the *idea* of dresses. If you look at human genitals and what people wear for the bottom half, the dress or skirt would seem to favour the male, so his cock and balls can swing free as he walks, and the pants would likewise favour the female, providing extra support along the crotch area for things like pads.

I wouldn't wear a skirt or a dress as they are *designed* for females. They are feminine. There are robes that are suited for males, and of course kilts were mentioned. Fundamentally I don't think there's anything wrong with a guy in a dress, but it would have to be designed differently.

Purses are another thing, especially in this gadget friendly society. I would rather carry something like a messenger bag, and it would have to be styled differently. I'd basically want pouches for my camera, my power pack, various cables, and a tablet/Kindle. And possibly things like pills (Ibuprofen, Benadryl), and some hard candy (peppermint, spearmint, or cinnamon discs, or Werther's Originals).
It's more of a technical question than a gameplay question. Anyway, I ran it on an old dual core AMD CPU with a 1GB GPU and 4GB of RAM and it ran at max settings at 1080p with great framerates all throughout the city, though I can't personally attest to that. My brother in law was staying with us at the time, and he had it on his PS3, and I was hanging out with him when he was playing it... I was blown away by how crappy it looked. He saw it on PC and he was equally blown away by how much better it looked.

I don't recall any crashes with it.

I didn't answer the optimisation question in my main reply because I didn't feel qualified to speak about it. I would say it's at least fine, but I wouldn't want to be incorrect simply because it worked for me.
It really was (being wacky for the sake of it). They tried to make a serious game with SR and SR2, but they couldn't get over GTA. SR3 was a new thing they tried and it worked well for them.

If you played the first two, I would tentatively recommend you play the fourth one. It had a lot of callbacks to the first two and some great character development for best girl... I can't recall her name. The main Saints girl. SR4 made me wish I'd played the first two.

SR2 is so bad on PC. Apparently it needs a mod called Gentlemen of the Row to make it playable. Best if you have an Xbox to get the SR1+2 pack, assuming it's compatible with XB1. It was made for 360. I play on whatever, and while I'd prefer SR3 on PC (I have it on PC and PS3), it's fine on consoles, just not as pretty.
I never got very far in Just Cause, and always meant to go back to it. Just Cause 2 is amazing. One of my favourite open world action type games. I'd put JC2 over GTA IV for sure, but I wouldn't put it over SR3. It was bigger. It definitely deserves recognition for being so freakin' huge and full of stuff to do, though the story was rather short and shallow. I'd put JC2 around SR4.

Just Cause 3 was gutter trash, though. Just a shell of what JC2 was. The takeover gameplay was a lot of fun, but the story quests were broken, and despite taking over everything, I was unable to advance.

I would strongly recommend OP look into the Just Cause series, and definitely pick it up if it's on sale. JC1 I've only heard good things about. JC2 is legendary. JC3 improves on the graphics and gameplay a bit, and has new stuff to do, but the story mode is broken.
You don't need any of the DLC, AFAIK. I think it's just bonus items. There may be an extra quest or actual content, but I'm not sure. It's fun to have the extra stuff, but they're just re-skinned versions of things you earn later, and it's more fun if you appreciate things as you get them.

I highly recommend Saints Row 3, or Saints Row The Third. It's a stupid game that keeps coming up with ways to get you to have fun. And it's really a blast. Game-wise, it's on par with GTA San Andreas, but graphically it's closer to GTA IV, and it's a far better game than GTA IV.

It depends what GTA you like, and what you like about GTA. I like collecting cars, exploring the world, and building my empire. In Saints Row you can collect cars almost straight away, whereas in some GTAs you have to unlock that mission. Exploring the world is a little better in GTA as Rockstar is better at world building, but I felt that what was there was better in SR3. And as far as empire building, I know you can do that in GTA V Online, but I haven't played that. It's great in SR3. Basically you take over parts of the 'hood to make it more friendly to your gang, the Third Street Saints. The more power and influence you have, the cheaper things are, and the more backup you can expect in a fight.

GTA is generally a more serious game (such as GTA can be serious) whereas SR3 is more casual. If you find you like SR3's style, also look into Crackdown on Xbox (if you have it). It never got a PC release, but it's one of the best games on the console. The second one sucked ass, but the first one was an absolute treat to play. A little too casual, and if you're not inclined that way, you won't like it, but I thought it was a lot of fun. If you liked SR3 and Crackdown, you'll probably like SR4, which is SR3 reskinned, but there's a lot more to it than that.
I wish they wouldn't have shown the stacks being destroyed. That was a big 'holy shit' moment in the book. I think they could have framed the seriousness without it. It would have been more impactful if it surprised those who hadn't read the book.

There's another trailer out there... [Immortal Machines](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fupYIggOq38). Though it seems to show a lot, people in the comments are talking about how the trailer is based on *just the first line* of the book. And then of course the book has so many lines after it, we can't possibly know anything from this trailer. If this trailer inspires you to see the movie, you can safely skip all the other trailers and decide based on that.

Also, the [English] trailer for my favourite movie, [Kimi no Na wa.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4-URMnBOPU), only advertises the first third of the movie. Arguably, the film *is* about body switching, but the trailer only hints at the main conflict of the movie. The trailer doesn't even begin to tell you what's really going on. (The Japanese trailer is the exact same, it's just the voices are in another language.) Even the music is a red herring. While it and the opening credits song are upbeat, and they are in the movie, it's the song that plays over the climax and the end credits scene that truly define the film.

It's good that some trailers are getting away from giving away the whole movie, and/or that movies have layers that don't have to be shown in the trailer, for the audience to uncover.
Also the brown paper towels that don't really absorb water, either. You know, the cheap-ass ones in bathrooms.

It's like one ply paper — you have to use twice as much anyway, so if it's any more than half, you're paying too much, and if it's exactly half, just get the product that is twice as good.
San Junipero... they kind of met online, right?

The first anime I watched was also about a couple who met online, like my wife and I did. .hack//SIGN. It had some Black Mirror-esque elements. While it was about people trapped in a game, it also looked into why people spend so much time on social media and games (this game was a mix of the two), and how people present themselves online vs who they really are in real life. It wasn't that dark overall, but had some dark themes to it. It was a weird show.
DAE think they look too short and stocky? Definitely getting Mumm-ra. Not sure on the others. I've had a Lion-O, Cheetara, and Jackalman from the 80s from my original collection.
I'm running a barbarian and a warlock. They just hit level 2 (milestone, not XP) after doing Colville's Delian Tomb one-shot. They're going into Lost Mines one level higher than normal (as Lost Mines calls for 4-5 players), and though they don't know it yet, the blacksmith's daughter they rescued is the rogue. As a DM player, I'm keeping her one level below the party, so she'll be using and abusing the dash bonus action and attacking from a distance. And that's plausible because she's a 95 pound 16 year old girl who has skills, but is also very squishy in terms of will probably die in 1-2 hits, at least in the goblin cave. If she survives that, she'll be more viable for the rest of the adventure.

I'm not saying a DM player is the answer (and it's kind of like a training wheel) but it's a possibility.
Target, $8. They had a bunch of band shirts, too. When it's MY kid, they're gonna have all the band shirts and such. Spencer's had a Metallica Master of Puppets shirt, but they wanted $20 for it. (Probably because of the Metallica licensing. Probably also because it was in the mall.) Can't pay that much for a shirt the baby will outgrow in a few months.
It is. It's a Weiß Schwarz playmat, and it's also alternative art for one of the cards. I forget which. I wanted a copy but the card is expensive. (Because it's rare. "Comforting Moment, Asuna" has her nude, but it's a super common card, I have like a dozen of them. It's also a really good card, especially for the early part of the game.)
Agree on the less than a year thing. Well, maybe to 18 months because that's a children's size. I have a baby niece and I'm always picking out cool outfits for her (and I'm a guy... and 38) so I need to know her age. I just bought her a NASA shirt... wife always said you can't buy a little girl clothes from the boys' section, but everyone agrees it looks amazing on her. (12 month size on a 9 month old baby... it's a little big but she'll grow into it.)

Anyway, I think of my time with my phone in months. I've had it for 22 months, not a year and 10 months. It's just how I think.
$2.16 for just the Pre-Sequel? Intriguing (I own everything else). Was it good? I loved the first one, but quit about a quarter of the way into the second one (when you use the boss gun platform thing to blow open the door... however far that was).
Thanks, but fortunately, I have never stepped on one. But I play D&D and I have like a dozen of them in my jumbo dice bag. I should bag them separately in case I ever need to throw down caltrops.
The Funimation one with the split apart case. Has English and Japanese versions of the film.
No, no more towel pictures, I'm pretty sure, though I've added a couple you posted. I like to keep mine PG, though a couple push PG-13. I meant I had that many pictures of SAO characters, largely collected from this sub.
I liked the first episode and I found some of the others amusing, but I don't think it's better than SAO by any means. I will watch the next episode, but I'm worried about how they will handle more sensitive issues.

I hate how it brings out the worst in both sides. SAO:A fans may be toxic, but so are the SAO fans downvoting everyone who said they enjoy SAO:A. I like SAO as much as anyone, but I don't hate the abridged series.
For context, .hack did the real world stories in the OVAs that came with the PS2 games. For those who don't know, the first season of .hack was very similar to the first arc of SAO, except it was only one guy trapped in the game (and various other people who ran afoul of the system). I thought these OVAs were good as they fleshed out the story. Maybe something similar could be done for SAO. I wouldn't want the main story about real-world stuff, but it would be interesting to see.

.hack had deeper characters, too, and with actual flaws, at least in the first season... but all they did was stand around and talk, for the most part. If you like SAO, you might not like .hack, despite it being kind of the same thing. But if you're more about the VRMMORPG anime genre, which also includes Log Horizon, it's definitely required viewing as it was the first one. But it came out in 2001, and hasn't aged well. And went downhill, fast, after the first season. IMO.

In SAO, we see some of what happened with the company in ALO and Ordinal Scale. Basically they were screwed. In .hack, it's neat because there's a coverup, and there's a rogue employee who wants to help the players and figure out what happened.
Well, Reki Kawahara ships KiriSuna harder than any of us, and for him it's the cornerstone of the series. That said, I really liked Kirito and Liz in that one episode. They did well together. And Kirito and Silica — I mean I like Silica as a little sister for Kirito. She's basically the little sister of the group anyway.
False. Netflix only has SAO II in Japanese in the US. They have the first season in English.

We're all (dub watchers) hoping it comes to Netflix, but it hasn't yet.
Yui, though? :(

Some good pictures, too... I mean of the other girls. Can't abide lewding Yui, but I got a couple good ones.

I'm building a collection of SAO images... if I ever share it, I'm just gonna drop a Google Photos album link... easy peasy. I told myself I was gonna do it at 100, and now I have 178 and I'm still like nah, it's not enough.
Poor Klein. I ship Klein and Liz. Maybe Klein and Suguha, but I'm not sure if Kirito's gonna let his friend date his sister. I've had a few friends with hot sisters, and you can't even look.
Okay, the Second Amendment was written to protect the rights of the people to overthrow our British overlords. Yes, it was intended that farmers and whatnot rise up against a country with weapons of war. It's scary, especially now that our government is putting corporations before people, and the wealthy before the working class. The idea that people might take up arms against the US government is fucking terrifying. But that's what the law was written for.

I did read your post. Twice. I have seen gun buyback programs, and they never offer you anything close to what you paid. It's a huge financial loss. If you buy something legally, it's kind of fucked for someone to take it and not compensate you what you paid.

I don't deny the success of gun control, I just question the logic of disarming honest citizens when someone uses a gun to kill people. I believe the best form of gun control is one in the chamber and safety off. Along with training and responsibility. However, I do not own a gun. I enjoy shooting for sport (as in, at targets, never at living things). I've talked with my wife and we do not feel that we need a gun at this point in our lives. I also identify as a liberal and a progressive, though a lot of similar minded people I know want guns banned. I don't, as I see guns as a liberty.

I've fired two AR-15s. Neither was fully automatic. It was just a rifle. Too loud for my taste, and the first one only had a five round magazine. I like pistols. The Walther PPQ, the larger version of what James Bond shoots, only shoots 9mm rounds, which aren't as devastating as the 5.56 rounds in an AR-15, but you get 14 of them in the magazine, and it's trivial to drop the empty mag and put a fresh one in. Very limited recoil, too. If I were in a combat situation (zombie apocalypse maybe?) I'd take the pistol over the rifle, though I'd want a higher caliber. Point is, I don't think AR-15s are as scary as people think. It's a semi-automatic rifle, and there are hunting rifles that take the same caliber rounds, but they're brown and wood grain, so they don't look as scary.

Now look, I'm not against all gun control. I believe in the Second Amendment and I understand what it's for. I think people who have guns should need to be better trained in their use and care. I believe we need a way to limit access to guns to felons and the mentally ill.

(And yes, the US is my country. I use mostly English (as opposed to American English), but I've never left the US.)
I don't agree, but I hope that if you are still in high school, that you reach out to someone who looks like they need a friend. One of my greatest regrets in school was that, not only did I walk the perimeter of school (the farthest from everyone else), but I saw others do it and only ever approached one. He became my best friend for a couple years. A couple years before him, I saw a cute(ish) nerdy girl doing it. I wish I'd talked to her. I can only imagine what she had going on, maybe she needed a friend. Maybe not but I regret not asking. There were other loners, too. I mean, high school sucks for most people. Even the popular kids are faking it as best they can. Or exploiting the system. No one's truly enjoying it. So if you see someone and think they need help, ask them their name. Ask how they're doing. If they need help with anything. If they ask you what your problem is (common defensive response), just say "school sucks for everyone, we're all just trying to make it," or something like that, and see where it goes. Even if they just want to be alone, the fact that someone tried might make a difference. I know, I'm 38 and I don't know what it's like. I do remember high school though, and while I don't wish to relive those years, I know the things I'd do differently.
I'm gonna go with vivisection. This was done in various medical experiments (by the Nazis, e.g.), but if alien abductions were real, aliens would most likely vivisect those they abducted.

Vivisection means dissecting someone or something while they're still alive. As a torture method, it's done without anesthesia, and the victim is treated so they stay alive as long as possible. Generally the torso is opened and organs are taken out. Prior to removing the lungs or heart (which would end the victim's life quickly), the arm and leg muscles, or bones, might also be exposed. Skin cut, peeled back, stapled down, muscles cut open, bones laid bare. At this point the victim will go into shock, but that can also be prevented, as can blood loss. It's one of the more hateful things that can be done. However, it's also been used to determine how much pain a person can take. So while the word 'excruciating' might have derived from 'crucifixion,' vivisection is or can be far worse. And you gotta imagine aliens doing it would want to figure out how we work. They wouldn't know how to treat the pain. They might not recognise it as pain. They might not consider us worthy of treating humanely.
Drowning is going to be rough either way, but the salt from the saltwater getting into your lungs and thus bloodstream would be extra painful.

Crucifixion can be as simple as being tied (not nailed) to a cross and left to die, but the way some Biblical scholars tell it, the crucifixion of Christ was especially nasty as he was nailed to it and basically tortured to death. Depending on the offence, there's a number of ways it can go.
Ever stepped on a d4? [Try stepping on these pointy boys.](https://i.imgur.com/GofgwdP.jpg)
They are also called suicide headaches for the reasons you gave. They are that serious.
Who is mad and why are they mad? The song is a little poppy, but it's okay.
What kept criminals from using guns for violence after the gun ban disarmed citizens? Also, what do you understand the Second Amendment to be about?
Watch it again in the other language. :) I've watched it many times in both Japanese and English. Before I had the Funimation Blu-ray, I watched it in Japanese, with no subtitles after the first couple times because they got in the way of the beautiful artwork.

I also watched it in Japanese with no subs with my niece when she was 5 months old. She was captivated and would not look away.

It sucks how so many people won't watch it because it's Japanese and/or anime, even the English version.

The soundtrack can be played on Spotify. A lot of the songs are on YouTube, too. I have the soundtrack from the Blu-ray limited edition, but I mainly listen on Spotify so RADWIMPS get royalties. After all, I am paying for Spotify, so they might as well benefit.
> not to mention intrusive ads.

Ads are on iOS, too. At one point Apple didn't allow ads. That's since changed.
Gods no. But I do play cards with a guy who says "jay-kay" instead of nevermind or "just kidding." He spells out a few other acronyms, too. And unironically. Great guy, but it threw me off the first couple times.
I do not even know what trap rap is. In my world, the trap is the boy who looks like a girl. It's an anime trope. There's almost always a boy who looks like a girl. In *Boku Dake ga Inai Machi* it's a plot point, there's a serial rapist/murderer, and after killing two girls, he kills the trap. You'd think, he's got to know that's a boy, but since it's a trope... apparently he doesn't, until he **does**. And then he probably just kills him.

I'm 38 and I listen to J-rock (Japanese rock) so it's not like I'm in any position to judge anyone's music.
They might be from a restrictive website/forum with strict language rules. GameFAQs is a great example. You can swear, but you must star everything after the first letter (so f\*\*\*, not f\*\*k, the latter would get you in trouble — usually a temp ban, can't use the site for like 2-3 days). They're really petty over there (or at least they were when I last used their forums), but I guess they have to be, being a game site, spotlight's probably on them by mom and pop watchdog groups. Same reason they will insta-ban you if you claim to be under 13, even if you're joking. Like if you say, "I'm 12 and this is funny" to a stupid post, implying THEY are under 13, by posting "I'm 12," they will ban you for that. So their users might come here conditioned to type like that.
I think a lot of it is fiction. Hannibal Lecter, the infamous cannibal psychologist from the books, movies, and TV show, has a "memory palace" where he can basically close his eyes and he's in this palace full of art, and he can completely shut out the real world. There are a couple scenes where he's being tortured and that's where he goes.

If you've never been to the beach, it's hard to imagine being there. In real life, your mind's eye is just your imagination. It's based on memory. Even as the other commenter said about reading, what you visualise is based on what you've seen. It's difficult to visualise something in your mind you haven't seen, to conceptualise it. But not impossible.
Are you a guy? I've read that guys generally have a tendency to double check things like locks. I cannot get to sleep unless I know the door is locked and the oven/stove is off. I don't believe it's limited to guys, I've just heard it's a guy thing. Probably more of a responsible adult thing.

I can't wait for the future where you can just check your phone. It's already here for rich people. The cost is not really that high, but it's a luxury... I mean smart locks are a thing, you can open your door with Bluetooth, you can lock the door via WiFi, there are smart home automation things where you can say you're going to bed and all the lights get turned off, all the doors locked, car locked... I don't know about ovens but probably that too. Android or iPhone, it doesn't matter. iPhone actually has it baked right into iOS. Not saying it's better. Worse actually as I don't need the feature (I have an iPhone).

You wanna get pissed at rich people? A lot of people can start their cars via their phone. That's getting common. /r/MKBHD has the Tesla app on his phone (he drives one), and apparently you can set the thermostat on the car, you can have the internal temperature of the car set to whatever and the fucking app will notify you when it gets to that point. Fucking hell, eh?
For the longest time, I thought the Duffer Brothers were just Stephen King and Dean Koontz writing under pen names, as both have done in the past. Instead, it's just a couple guys about my age, who read a lot of their books, same as I did. HBD and kudos on two excellent seasons.
I think loot boxes are fucking stupid, but the market should regulate itself. I don't think they should be banned at all. I would like to see the fate of companies that sell loot boxes, or choose not to for that matter, in the hands of the consumers.
Thanks for the correction. :)
I don't have an assistant in my shower (because that would be super weird), but I do have a UE Boom 2. It's a $200 Bluetooth speaker, though I'm not sure I can recommend it at that price. I got it for half off through Verizon, and at that price, it's one of my all-time favourite electronic devices ever. It doesn't have smart assistant stuff, maybe newer models do, but this was before those. What it is is waterproof. When my sink isn't draining right, I love to kick it into the water after a shower. Changes the sound a little. Satisfying to know it can take it. I also have a carabiner clip on it. Sometimes when I'm out and about (not on public transportation or stores or public or whatnot) I clip it to my belt. It's the new boom box. Unclip it and set it up anywhere.

They're way overpriced, even at $100 it seems like a lot for a speaker. It sounds amazing (to me and my untrained ears) at half volume to about three-quarters, but it can't handle its full volume.
In your neighbor's trash can. I mean the big ones you put on the curb for roadside pickup. The night before, sneak out and put it in their trashcan. Legs out.

It's an old trick... if you buy a flat screen TV or something else with an obvious box, you don't want to put it in front of your place. The correct solution for that is to break it down and fold it up inside out and put it in the recycle bin, but the asshole pro tip is to leave it with your neighbor's trash on trash pickup day, so any potential thieves will see their place has the new TV and not yours.

Same logic applies. Bonus points if your neighbor is the Ned Flanders (uptight Christian) of the neighborhood. Because anyone getting their morning jog or walking their dog will see it and that will be super awkward at book club or church or whatever.
Yeah, maybe not full of shit per se, but like, "the best of all? That's just like, your opinion, man." And then you see it, and it's just like... "damn."

There's the thing that happens 3 episodes out from the ending that sorta came out of left field. There's plenty of stuff leading up to the ending. And then there's the epic final 10 minutes that gets all the attention. But I think after all this time, what gets me is the very start of the last episode. How they did X rather than Y. Incredibly moving, especially juxtaposed with the ending. The show itself was very good, but the ending was superb. Most shows have bad or weird endings, but Six Feet Under's was perfect.

Also, for what it's worth, if you have Amazon Prime, you can actually watch the whole thing on Amazon Prime Video. All the old (pre-Game of Thrones, I think) stuff is up there, so Sopranos, Wire, Oz... I think Mad Men was HBO? Might be too new. I'm not sure.
Both possible. Thanks again and I hope you enjoy it. As I understand it, a remux is basically a dump of the Blu-ray? So for that to happen there has to be a physical release, which I'll be buying ASAP anyway. I probably won't see a quality difference, I just want to support the official release. It's a great story.

Look up the anime, too, if you like it. The English version is on Hulu. There's an English-dubbed version of the live action version's trailer, so they may dub it for the official release, but I'm not sure.

They're actually both the same story, though they handle a few little things differently. They diverge when the bad guy is revealed and we start getting backstory... that wasn't in the anime. The anime also cut it short and doesn't have the ending the show does, which is also in the books. The live series is far more faithful to the books.
I haven't done half the shit you have. I had my session 0 two weeks ago. I made chili for a couple friends and helped them make characters. They wanted to play classes I was unfamiliar with (barbarian and warlock). "Worse" yet, XGtE variants (zealot and celestial). I don't literally mean worse, I mean it was more work for me.

Last weekend I made and burnt pasta, and ran Matthew Colville's Delian Tomb one-shot to introduce them to the game. One player is my best friend, and after buying 18 random sets of dice online, I gave him the ones I didn't want (I know, LOL, I'm a horrible friend, but he got like 4 sets and my old dice bag, so stuff it). Our mutual friend has never played before and liked the idea, and she liked this one random d6 I have, so I found the set it's from and bought her the set. And she loves it. I think having her own set that she loves is part of why she's coming back. They said they had fun, but all I can think about is all the faults I made. I cook because they're my friends, but I tell myself I'm a shit DM and they wouldn't come if I wasn't such a good cook. (And I'm a damn good cook. No mistake there. Though I did in fact burn the pasta.)

My point is, no matter what you're gonna second guess yourself. DMing is not a serious gig. It's something you do for fun. The DM is always on the spot, though. I haven't gotten there yet, but you will eventually get to a point where you're just as relaxed as the players. You have to find a good group, and you have to find your voice. It's harder for me because I'm also a player, and I play with more experienced players who talk shit about shit DMs they've played with. I tell myself I'm not worthy of DMing these guys, but the truth is, if I did, I'd probably be a hell of a lot more comfortable. Being more comfortable, I'd take more risks and generally get into it more.

About taking risks... don't be afraid to change it up. I mean... don't drop 5 goblins on a party of two who have never played before. You're gonna kill 'em. Have them face two, and then in the middle of the fight, a third one joins in. You can change it up. Make it get crazy.

Here's another tip. Consider writing. I mean, look how writers write dialogue. It's not just he said he said she said he said etc. The best dialogue has people doing things. Make combat the same way. The goblin doesn't just swing and then stand there. Everyone can move as part of their action. No one just stands there and swings. Instead, the goblin rushes up, takes a swing, and retreats a little ways. They're little (ish), they're fast, they're clever, and they're crafty. Even if it has zero effect on the results of the combat... make. it. fun.

Now what you don't want to do is tell your players a story. Give them a little backstory, but don't make them read a novel. Set the stage. I have a Facebook group for my game, so I tell my players a couple days in advance what I expect. "This is where you are, think about why you are there. You don't have to tell me, but it should make sense to you. Remember, this is YOUR story, too!" Or during the recap — Matt Colville recommends against the recap, and for good reasons, but for new players, definitely do it — "This that and the other happened last week. This is where you are. This is what's going on." It puts them in that frame of mind. They leveled up, and I talked briefly about their new abilities. So they have it in mind when they come to the table.
We can talk all day about how good this show is, but if someone tells you the end is the best ending to a series ever, they're not kidding or even exaggerating. This is noted on Wikipedia with over a dozen publications rating it as the best or one of the best (obviously opinions will vary) ending to a series of all time. Of course they all contain spoilers. Whether they're talking about the last 10 minutes or the last 3 episodes, it doesn't matter. The show could be a 6/10 and it would be worth the slog to the end, but I think I gave it either an 8 or a 9 on Trakt... it was actually very good all throughout, which made the ending that much better.
I didn't search, it was... I dunno, a month ago? Anyway, I just wanted to post that I appreciate you sharing even though I already have it.

Wasn't worried about the bitrate, more confused. I can read the media info in both VLC and MPC, but the bitrate jumps all over the place. Fortunately for my sanity, I'm not too particular about the bitrate if it looks good. It's only a metric for comparing to me (and not a good one).
Yes! And I did not come close to doing it justice! But we had fun. 

Colville is great. Definitely getting his stronghold supplement. Huge fan of his web series, though I'm way behind.
Ah — I see. I don't use either, so I can see how I confused them.
It's been known for a while now that Huawei (and ZTE) have been up to this. It's just a matter of who's spying on you. Plenty of Americans don't care if Beijing (China) spies on them because they will never go there. You can slag off the Chinese government all you want if you live in the US. They're (probably) not gonna kidnap you and smuggle you over there. You're not worth it. It's dissidents in their own country they're worried about. They could probably give a hoot less what the average American Huawei/ZTE customer talks about. But if you're an American, you should be more worried about what agents of your own government think of you based on private conversations. (And for most of us, we don't need to worry, but you should worry more about threats domestic as opposed to foreign.)
Well, it's been uploaded/posted before. Don't get me wrong, I didn't downvote you. I fuckin loved this series and would upvote it if it got posted every week!

The one I got was 13GB though, and it's also a web-dl and H.264. Bitrate is variable though, your media info says it's 7500, I'm guessing this is variable too? So this might be ever so slightly higher quality, but what I have is high enough that I'm not gonna re-download. But you may have my upvotes along with my thanks for helping to introduce more people to this series. (I'll absolutely buy the Blu-ray(s) when it(they) come out, I just want a hard copy in case I can't get online or whatever. I'd buy the anime, too, but it's like $150-175 per each half of the episodes. Total BS but it's Aniplex and they don't really expect people to buy their Blu-rays, it's just for the most serious (and well off) fans.)
Thanks for the reply. What is EB2? Only 0/0 4000 Asuna I know is childhood Asuna and I run it in my Asuna deck. Wouldn't be fighting words if so because it's just a waifu deck, it's just for fun, but it's the only 4k Asuna I can think of. I might know the Silica but I don't run red, just the mono yellow and g/b/y switch.
When I ran my SAO red deck, I ran two level 2 cards with those penalties, and the level 1 cards to change up to them. Playing a 9500 at level 1 is nice for field domination. 

While I got ya here, what do you think the worst SAO card is? 
It's just the worst card I've seen, but I'm not the most experienced player. My word certainly isn't law, nor gospel. 
What tablet, if you recall? My mother got the generic Nexus 7 (it's something-7, but not Nexus, IIRC), but she loved it and has since upgraded to a Samsung Tab A (she said, I haven't seen it). She said it was free with a 2-year contract (she only uses basic phones) and she's not gonna switch anyway. My stepmother is super good with money and I'm sure she made sure it was all on the up and up. I did see the first tablet, but only at home and on WiFi. I never thought to ask if the tablet had 4G data. My mother doesn't take it out of the house AFAIK. Like, she could, but treats it like the TV remote or a desktop PC, it has a place and generally isn't moved from there. (She's also 63.)
Cut soda. It's an easy thing to drop and has so much sugar. I drink water with Walmart's sugar free vitamin enhanced grape flavouring. I call it crack water. No calories either. It's not a real vitamin supplement, you'd have to drink a ton to get a noticeable amount of the vitamins it claims, but it does have them so... anyway it tastes good and no sugar which is why I drink it. Honestly I prefer it to soda; however once in a great while I will ask for a Coke at a restaurant. (They come 10 to a box for $1 and can be brought to restaurants and added to water on the sly.)

Exercise regularly, even if it isn't much. I'm trying to go to the gym four times a week after work (I work overnight). Half hour on the treadmill at my pace is around 0.9 miles, and I do the incline as well. It's not hard, and I get on Reddit while I walk. Also, neckband Bluetooth earbuds under my collar (polo shirt) and Spotify.
Jambalaya best food.

Voted left left right right... last two were tough choices. Easy to cut down the left but 
A lot of KonoSuba is meant for joke decks.

Outside KS...

Seductive Shore, Asuna. Level 0, cost 0, power 1500. [Auto] [Put an «Avatar» or «Net» character from your hand into your waiting room] When your character's trigger check reveals a climax, if that card's trigger icon is [two soul], you may pay the cost. If you do, look at up to two cards from the top of your deck, choose up to one card from among them, and put the rest into your waiting room. [Act] [(1) Rest this card] Reveal the top card of your deck. If that card is an «Avatar» or «Net» character, put it into your hand. (If it is not, return the revealed card to its original place.)

But it's got boobs on it!

I mean... I'm no expert on the game and especially not the metagame. The top check/salvage is okay, I guess, but the chance of triggering two souls just makes this card's effect real unlikely to go off. Honestly you'll have better luck with a brainstormer. There are brainstormers that, per climax trigger, let you draw two and keep one, and there are ones that let you search the deck. This just isn't good.

(Also, if you're curious, you can make « with ALT+O171 and » with ALT+0187. On Gboard for iOS, you can make them by opening the first symbol keyboard and long pressing (not 3D touching) the " symbol. Might be the same/similar for Gboard on Android, but on iOS, keyboard layout is enforced by Apple, so it's more likely from the stock iOS keyboard. I'm sure Android can make the symbol, just not sure how. It's also not the right symbol. The correct one is taller and narrower, but this one will work for basic use.)
ONE OK ROCK is my favourite band (and by extension my favourite j-rock band), though [*Re:Re:* by AKFG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyM4h4iVeFo) is still my favourite j-rock song. Mainly because *Boku Dake ga Inai Machi* was so damn good, but it was a good song in its own right.

ONE OK ROCK sings in English as well as Japanese, with their latest album, *Ambitions*, being offered in all-English, and hybrid Jp/En (international version). All their stuff is on Spotify except the international *Ambitions*.

[ONE OK ROCK - *Clock Strikes*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YZlFdTIdzM) (my favourite of theirs). Also check out [*C.h.a.o.s.m.y.t.h.*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-xF2MAFw5s) for a fun summer anthem about friendship, [*Wherever You Are*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bs0DIRbD_pE) for a sweet love song and the first song by them that I fell for, and [*Be the Light*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drSMZgnmJjk) for an "uplifting in the face of terrible tragedy" kind of thing... it's hard to explain, but the message is that bad things happen and you can't control it, but you can control how you react to it, and you can be the light that helps others through it and by extension yourself — IMO, it's their best song, but it got *damn hard* to listen to it after part of my hometown burned down last year. Maybe I needed it, but I couldn't listen to it for a few months. Still, like when there's a shooting and everyone is calling for blood or whatever, or posting hopes and prayers — I post that song.
I bought Zak McKracken from GOG. It's a LucasArts point and click similar to Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island. The best of the lot, IMO. Anyway, it was just the DOS floppy version, and the Japanese FM TOWNS (CD-ROM) version translated to English, and SCUMMVM (an emulator of these types of games). GOG is no stranger to selling emulators. I do believe they are 100% above board with regards to the publisher of the game and developer of the emulator, though.
...at the web site of a retailer in a country where the phone won't work (at least not on the best network).

Fuck reviews though, I'm glad more people are seeing they're bullshit. I like writing them, but I get discouraged at all the fake ones that usually get pushed to the top. I mean, what's the point of writing a review nobody will read? And by bullshit I mean shit like this, or five-star reviews written in exchange for free product. They always say it's an honest review, but it's always a five star review. If the product is perfect, why are they giving them away for "honest" reviews? I would love to get products for free, provide the company with honest feedback, and then send the product back (on their dime, of course) after a suitable review period, to help them refine their product before launch. That's not this, though. This is cheap Chinese crap made for pennies by children given away to a few people in exchange for ratings that boost their product page so they can turn a profit on the rest. I try to avoid buying any product that bought reviews, and advise the same.
Okay, thanks.

Yeah, even if I think Reki Kawahara owes a few ideas to .hack//SIGN, and .hack//SIGN has deeper characters and back story, the world of Aincrad is just so much richer. .hack//SIGN is all about the people. The game itself is shit, and people only play it because a virus killed people and the government forced everyone to use the same OS that is the only one that is immune to said virus, and it has one game. (Not the story's strongest element.) So it's part game and part social network. Bear, who is basically the Agil of the group, uses it to connect with his estranged son, who uses it to ask his old man for money. It's basically Facebook in VR with crappy game elements. So when they got rid of all the characters and brought new ones in... I was willing to give it a chance, but it went downhill, fast.

Meanwhile, I was kind of sad to see Aincrad go, but it was great when they brought it back at the end of season 1. It's definitely an improvement. Circling back to my original point, I don't think it's unfair for SWE/SAOA to try to improve on SAO with humour. I will disagree, however, that SAOA is better. It is not. A few episodes are just not very good at all, whereas the episodes they were based on were good. The first episode of SAOA is pure comedy gold. The latest one with Suguha was pretty funny, too. But I cannot agree it is better. I just see it as a supplement, I guess.

I'll look up the changes after I finish the book. I'm not looking for spoilers, but I know there are two volumes of Aincrad. So was the original web novel incomplete, too, or did it cover both of the first two volumes? Or is the first volume not considered incomplete somehow?

Absolutely looking forward to Alicization and still hopeful I can get there before the English release of season 3 (I'm not interested in the Japanese release). I think we're looking at Spring/Summer for the Japanese release? I don't think Aniplex does simuldubs, so I'll probably be waiting a little while. And I'm okay with that. With the age I use to distance myself from subs, comes the patience to wait.
OCD, or faux OCD. I had to turn the notifications on on OurGroceries, just so it would bug me when there is something we need at the store.

Why TF do you have notifications in YT? Are you a prominent YouTuber, or frequent commenter? I turn YT notifications off. YT comments are usually cancer, and many good YouTubers have turned to Discord for better community with moderation they can control.
Yes, I can build computers (and built my desktop computer at home). Yes, I can find out what components are in your computer without opening it. Yes, I can install Windows. I can install Linux (or Android, for that matter; yes, on your PC), and then I can remove it and put Windows back. I can take a component out of your PC or mine and put a better one in. I can learn basic programs (not advanced shit like graphics design, game design, etc.) by just looking them over and exploring the menus. I run programs off a flash drive that don't need to be installed — I plug my drive in, which gets its power over the USB cable, I run my browser, I do whatever, and I pull the drive and no trace is left behind.

However, I have no desire to work in computers. It's just a hobby. I like having a simple life. I'm also a gamer. I have no desire to be Bill Gates or Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. This may be a flaw (lack of ambition) but I'm aware of it and haven't changed it in over 30 years. I may also be borderline autistic. Who knows? They didn't diagnose that when I was a kid, they told us to play outside more. (I'm not saying autism is new or invented, I'm saying it was undiagnosed before, at least in some cases/areas. I'm not looking for sympathy; I only mention it because it might explain why I'm weird. And IDGAF if you know.)
I fully agree, except I'm a Windows guy. I only know the best Linux distros by reputation. I actually have over 20 years experience with Linux, but I don't often say so because it doesn't mean shit, nor should it. I was playing with Red Hat in the 90s. Every couple years I'll dabble in Linux. I really haven't learned much, so I don't try to hold myself out as some expert. I'm not. Nor am I a noob in the sense that "we're all learning." No, I'm a fucking noob when it comes to Linux. A problem comes up, I'm going to Google.

I'm with you, I like Ubuntu because it's easy. I actually liked Unity or whatever that UI was called that made everything easier. I generally like Gnome anyway — to those not in the know, you can choose your desktop environment. Gnome is similar to macOS, and KDE is similar to Windows. I don't like KDE. Never found a KDE build I liked, though I haven't gone looking and I'm not saying that as an expert. To me, Gnome is Linux, and that also makes me a noob — the correct answer is the command line is Linux, and I don't know it. My qualifications to speak about Linux are pretty close to shit. That being said, I can get a Linux distro running on a computer and I can get it online.
To monetize it. The builds on the main page occasionally contained malware. The clean build was always offered on the forum (and it's a MEGA link as opposed to a direct download).

Same reason anyone bundles malware, actually.
No, no... "The World" is the game in .hack//SIGN. When I said The World was shit without the characters, I wasn't talking about SAO. SAO (the original game) had much more structure to it.

The World is basically what Facebook would make, if they made a game. And Facebook now owns Oculus Rift, which is VR with a game controller (joypad), which is exactly how The World was played (it was not full dive by default, though full dive could be activated remotely, which was tripped on the main character... this is never fully explained, a lot of .hack was left for the viewer to figure out). So while SAO games are a thing, they aren't full dive, because full dive doesn't exist IRL. The first VR games look a lot more like The World. But imagine a shitty VR game where all people do is sit around and talk. Not very exciting.

And by first novel I mean web novel... is the original web novel published in November 2002 more or less the same as the Aincrad Volume 1 that I have?
Yeah CRD is all around better as long as you own both machines. The thing about TeamViewer is, you don't have to. It has sharing codes. I like CRD better, but I'd love to get TeamViewer set up on my mother's tablet so I can jump in and use it remotely (mainly when she wants help with something). It's not really an issue as my brother lives in the same state and goes over there all the time. Let him be the IT guy.
Or make sure you have the sound ALL the way up!

I have Chrome Remote Desktop, and my wife hates *Call Me Maybe* with a passion. Honestly I don't blame her, though I dig it when I'm in the mood for pop... anyway, I had her on the phone, I heard her open the door, and I had Chrome Remote Desktop open on the phone as well. As soon as she came in, her "favorite" song started playing at full volume. In the dark.

Good way to guarantee you're sleeping on the couch. But so worth it.
It's not really better. Almost all the YouTube downloaders are just frontends for youtube-dl. They just offer other features. The best one is jdownloader2, but finding a malware-free version is half the battle. Once you're good, it does so much more.
jdownloader2 is basically the best one, but there are malware-ridden builds of it, some distributed by the developer. Finding the clean installer and just updating that is key.

They're all just frontends for youtube-dl, for YouTube anyway. jdownloader2 is actually a frontend for an assload of similar programs. Look in the plugins, it supports a ton.
Ubuntu is well hated by some Linux guys because it's so easy to use. Hence, if you're curious about Linux, it's a great place to start.

One thing that puts people off is having to replace your Windows OS. You don't have to. First there's virtual machines, but that can be a headache. You can also run Linux right off the DVD-ROM, but what if you don't have an optical drive? Also, optical discs are slow as shit. Blu-ray is so slow that both the next-gen consoles (Xbox One and PlayStation 4) cannot play games off the disc anymore. Games have to be fully copied to the hard drive before they can be played. (And then patched in most cases.) DVD is not as slow, but still slower than CD, and I don't think Ubuntu fits on CD. What's the solution? Get a USB flash drive. I recommend a 64GB Samsung aluminium one. They're fast and they take a beating. Don't opt for the blue plastic one with the cool texture. They're shit and they break easy. Stick with the metal. 64GB is probably more than you need, but at around $20, who cares? If you care, drop down to 32GB. Closer to $10-15. You can install Linux on that and boot from it. And since it's a flash drive, you can write to it. It's not quite as fast as a hard drive, but it's faster than any optical disc.
Even better, SoundHound. Not owned by Apple, and it can automatically add discoveries to a Spotify playlist. (Shazam has this feature in settings, but it doesn't actually work, and will probably never work now that a Spotify competitor owns it, but who knows.)

What I mean is, both have the "add to playlist" feature that will let you pick a playlist, but SoundHound creates a playlist called SoundHound, and everything you ID gets added without any input from you (if you connected it to Spotify, and turned this feature on).

Shazam is still pretty good, though.

I've used both for about 7-8 years. I own the pro version of Shazam on both Android and iOS, and the pro version of SoundHound just on Android. They're both free to use, but used to limit you to only a few IDs a month on the free version. Now it just removes the ads and supports development/server costs directly.

For more phone magic, check out Google Photo Scan or Microsoft Office Lens. I like Google's better. They're photo scanners, and they're free. There are expensive apps that do the same thing and a couple of them are subscription based. For an offline app. Without cloud storage.

All of this is on Android or iPhone. Works the same on either. (I use both.)
Japan users it too. I have playing cards that use those quotes, but I can only make the short ones on my keyboard, « and ». iPhone or PC. Haven't tried on Android. I can copy and paste the tall ones but that's it. Maybe if I install a Japanese (or French?) keyboard. 

It's also the basis of an Easter egg. A certain girl in a certain anime has the » on her headband, and it literally says "end quote" because spoilers. But most people think it's just sporty. One of those things that when you get it, it's like... damn.
Yui wasn't in the first novel or the first light novel? I haven't read the LNs, only watched the series. Twice. I have the first LN, and intended to collect/read all of them, but I have two other books in line before them. 

Was Asuna always second in command of the guild helping players? The Crimson Knights and Knights of the Blood Oath aren't that similar, and while we see who Asuna answers to, Subaru's superior is less clear. Except Subaru isn't a badass swordswoman. That's another girl.

Intentions aside though, .hack//SIGN came first. I may have assumed too much on Kawahara's intentions. I do prefer SAO for sticking with its characters rather than the setting. The World was shit without the characters. It was Facebook and EverQuest having a love child. The story was deeper and the music was better, but while .hack went downhill after, SAO got better — I do think Fairy Dance was an improvement. It raised the stakes for Kirito. 
My intention isn't to bash, and I regret initially dismissing you with an LOL. I was busy. I intended to edit, when I saw you'd replied. Just to clear the air on that. 

I remember seeing .hack//SIGN in 2001, so I don't know about April 2002. In any case, it's still months before your account of SAO releasing in November the same year. That's seven months, it's just as likely he wrote his story in seven months as it is he wrote it in a year. 

I am not 100% sure that SAO was written as a fixfic. It's basically a theory. Aside from the connections between the two stories, we know that in 2002, Reki Kawahara was obsessed with VR and gaming. I think I pulled that from the first LN. So if that's true, then he most likely saw .hack//SIGN when it was new. It's all the things he loved. If he was already working on SAO, then it's possibly and highly probable it was an influence.

Let's consider the most solid connection. Which series features an AI that looks like a little girl who is designed to monitor the mental states of the players, but is prevented from acting by another AI?
Um... they didn't? And you don't even begin to cover all the connections.

.hack//SIGN was out in 2001. At least that's when I watched the fansub in the US. I don't know when it came out in Japan. Reki Kawahara's web novel/fixfic was done in 2002, and he published in 2009 in any case. And I have no idea what whatever .hack was based on (manga, LN?) came out.

As for what I'm laughing at, look, I'm not here to be confrontational, but you have 'master debater' in your flair and you didn't know that.
LOL
Yes, that's Adventure with Everyone, Sinon. We both have that card in our deck. Yeah, she's not bad, especially since gold bar has led to me carrying 4 Mother's Rosarios at level 2. Nice to switch one for an Excalibur.
P2XL is a great looking phone, but I've seen the burn in with my own eyes in-store. I mean, it's a threat with any OLED/AMOLED made by anyone. I'm not shitting on LG/Google. But I rebooted the thing and watched the beautiful boot animation with screen elements burned in, and not just the navigation bar. The phone has only been out a few months. That would just fuck me off so much. (maybe the boot animation should have a black background, but that wouldn't help — maybe a system-wide dark theme would).

Of course, display units are always on. My phone (iPhone 6s, so not OLED) has a 30 second lock on it. If my next phone runs Android, I will use the same setting, so I'm thinking I can avoid burn in that way, and I assume most P2XL/OLED smartphone owners do something similar, or that during normal (as in not always on) usage, burn-in is quite rare in practice.
No, though I'm sure he's reviewed every phone I've used since he started. Not sure.

I go to MKBHD for his opinion on phone cameras. He's also a pretty cool guy who presents his videos well and talks about tech, so I enjoy watching him. Beyond cameras, I listen to his opinions, but they don't sway me much past what he says about the cameras. I don't really understand a lot of the camera terms much, so I rely on his expertise with cameras in and out of phones to help form my own opinion about a phone.
Which is funny, because SAO started out as a fixfic for .hack//SIGN. I mean, I don't entirely agree that SAOA fixes SAO. It's just funny to me. I mean, SAOA is funny (it's a parody, it's okay, you can laugh even if it's wrong), and it's funny that fans of a fixfic are mad at what is also a fixfic. Kirito had much more character development when he was flawed and not OP at all, and Asuna had a ton more development when she was 2 different girls who also had flaws. I mean Mimiru was the badass swordswoman, but she was friendzoned, and Subaru was second in command of the guild, but she got her ass handed to her when she stepped out of the safe zone, though it made for a sweet connection and a weird twist that I kind of wish SAO would have kept, but Kirito and Asuna weren't allowed to have any flaws. I ship KiriSuna too, but they can have flaws and still be perfect for each other. And no, I don't think what we learn about Subaru equals a flaw in and of itself, but it did add depth to her character and shine light on her reason for playing the game.

.hack//SIGN was so deep, but it had almost no action, and Reki Kawahara did in 14 episodes what they took 26 to do, and SAO was more fun. I'm glad I watched .hack//SIGN first, but I enjoy SAO more. Honestly I'm just a fan of the genre.

And again, I'm not dumping on SAO for borrowing from .hack//SIGN. Where the first 14 episodes were just a better .hack//SIGN, it got better from there. I'm one of the few (it seems) who loves Fairy Dance, because it was so much better than the shit show that was .hack//Legend of the Twilight. Twincest, chibi, and all but one of the main characters (Aura, aka Yui) scrapped? F outta here with that crap. But it's not just better than .hack's second arc/season, I legitimately thought Fairy Dance was good. I loved it. SAO has gotten better, where .hack has gotten worse. I don't want to see what .hack does next. I can't wait for season 3 of SAO.
It's funny, so it's more entertaining. I wouldn't say it's better, but I wouldn't argue that it isn't. Not worth it.
Okay, I don't know the OS cards, but I can look at them. I don't have any level 0 Suguhas, so I must be missing that card. Is it Sister Fond of Her Brother, Kendo Boot Camp, or Seductive Shore?

I do have the 3/2 Yui... got one of her. That's Full of Vigor, Yui.

Green 2/3 is Opposition By the Shield. Only have one of her (Yuna on the cart art).

I only have one Asuna brainstorm (On Stage, Asuna), but it does look good because it's a global 500 assist (though only on my turn). And I think I have too much green in my deck and wouldn't mind trading one for a yellow.

I don't have the level 3 Suguha (Vexation on Being Absent), either.

2/1 Sinon = Machine of Ice?

Thanks for the tip, I'll strongly consider the Asuna brainstorm from OS. And getting OS boosters rather than Re:Edit (one booster is the cost of entry). I did buy an OS box and like four packs, though, so I have a lot of cards. I'm going to link to my card list in the OP.
Fair point. I don't like gold bar, but I can see the usefulness of it if I have Zekkens in hand, it's nice to trigger the climax and then get that card back. But generally yeah, I'm not a fan of gold bar. I like pants (climax salvage, I think the official name is gate?) and I love burn (shot).

Which brainstorm? After the battle or Sleeping Knights trio? One lets you draw two pick one per climax, another lets you search your deck per climax. I prefer the latter.

I own 5 Attack in Waves, Kirito, so I can get a fourth one in my deck if I wanted to. I only own the 3 Asunas I have, though.

How do you deal with early play/call?