Illegally arrested.  ICE has no authority over US citizens on IS soil. Their only capacity is that of federal law enforcement if they witness a felony taking place. Which they are not.
Whataboutism? Whataboutism?
Low quality sneaker salesman 'gets' low quality steak salesman.
But he hasn't participated in any North Korea talks.
We already know this president is a clear and present danger to the republic. The GOP in the house won't do anything about it because they place party loyalty over the republic. In this they are complicit. Get yourselves out to vote this November. The fate of our republic relies on your vote.
You are too optimistic. There's a very good chance they all get away with it.

I wonder why. I don't wonder. It's because their cowardice won't let them do the right thing, so they hope to not be associated with this dark period in American history.
It's because corporate America created the gig economy by downsizing the labor force. Even corporations are scraping by to make the bottom line. The result is main street hustling to meet basic needs. So government needs to do the same thing because wall street bounced back through bleeding out pensions and corporate fat trimming. We are at least a  generation away from middle class prosperity again.
They knew. But it wasn't the greatest generation, only boomers. There's a reason they're called the greatest generation. It's because they didn't whine like children about hardship. They fucking dealt with it like adults.
You don't know what you're talking about. I've been a certified sysadmin for 14 years. SteamOS is Linux. And no it's not a hobby. Ubuntu is plug and play. Has been for years.
This is an important precedent set for software licensing. The prosecution argued, it's not the license, it's the files.
It didn't step on licensing at all. It simply provided the files and install scripts. No license.
Nothing, but people just don't know anything about it. Other than the Lunix conspiracy.
That's not how co-equal branches of government work.
1968. After the 1968 strike, they finally finished amending the state Constitution in 1974. The birth of collective bargaining also saw the death of teacher strikes.
Exactly. Strict ethics and stricter code of conduct for teachers as opposed to someone who has just the skills.
Some people can't afford to live in the community where they teach.
The fuck it is. Teaching is a profession. Teachers need to be paid appropriately. You obviously don't have kids. If you did, you'd better tip your kids' teacher a few hundred at the end of the school year for putting up with them. I guarantee, if you have kids, they are monsters judging by your attitude.
Teaching is a profession, not a skilled job. Carpentry is a skilled job.
The pension is pitiful.
They have 6 weeks off, but even then they're not off. Teachers have to come back 2 weeks early to prepare for the school year. So it ends up being 4 weeks off. You see, the pay they do get is barely enough to live on as it is. And then no pay for 6 full weeks. You don't know what you're talking about.
Well, the last president was criminally indicted. 5/7 school board members were criminally indicted over the last 15 years.
BTU gave them away before that law was passed
Health insurance. The professional insurance is provided by the union for dues.
I don't believe you. Mostly because you're not providing evidence. But also because you're a troll account.
She claims to work with a "military unit with ties to the FSB". Otherwise known as GRU. I guess she's the fancy bear.
Fuck that. They treat teachers like indentured servants. Meanwhile the guy that cleans my wife's classroom makes double what she does, with better benefits. SEIU is a better union.
Time to update the whitelist.
I noticed something was off this morning.
And the hatch act.
They can't be arrested. Free speech and all. The best we could hope for is they lose all their advertisers and end up an obscure podcast begging for monies.
Trump will be indicted by the end of 2018. Devin Nuisance will be indicted by the end of 2019. Then we can go on with our lives.
This is not actually surprising. Where my wife teaches, in Broward, BTU won't even let them strike. They gave away that right  to the district for nothing. I mean, it's the most corrupt School board and union in the country, but it would be nice to have some chips. Insurance kills us, raises barely cover the increase in premiums and teachers went 9 years without meaningful raises. They all barely cover insurance premium increases.
I was thinking more like the MAGA minute.
Selling access and begging for illegal foreign agent work.
LOL, this motherfucker wants to be on Fox news. That's all he ever wanted. A regular TV gig with the best ratings. Only the best ratings, believe me.
What are the chances the range has a scar?
By Putin maybe. They are retiring because they are cowards who won't do the right thing.
Good.
So all dogs. Except, more like comes asking for food after barking at the window during dinner.
Maybe Trump gave it to him.
I wonder how they met. And I also wonder if this went through DD vetting before being signed.
Duct tape is pretty strong. I don't know about duck tape.
Chaplain fired for reminding the house to do the Christian thing.
Hahaha, they wanted to do it before Trump came in. They're planning on telling the US to GTFO.
Those people are rich as fuck. You can take your affluenza over there.
We fact check here. Take your fake news back to the Nazi circle jerk.
That's way more expensive than most non-collectible guns.
Trump had little to do with it. It was the Olympics. And Kim's sister.
Kim doesn't want to live like that. Dude has the biggest steam library outside of Gabe Newell. Loves the NBA. He wants to live like the south. He wants Internet that isn't blocked by his own firewall. He wants kpop girls 24/7. That's why he had to kill his brother. Dude wants peace. He just wants a damn burger without having to kill someone.
I make my own.
Yeah, Pruitt is clearly a full hooded dick. And Congress is getting pissed.
It's not that he has a scar, it's that one of his guns is a scar. That's an eclectic firearm. For the connoisseur. 
Well, with this new crop of dipshits running our government, we have to ask.
It's clearly an FN scar 17s
$3500 hobby item.
Do you have kids?
This guy is rich as fuck. That's a SCAR. Those are not cheap.
I know, I always poke myself with the hook.
The jokes on them, I didn't click a damn thing.
That also means he's bringing his poop home with him.
He understands how much shit he is in. He also knows no one is going to hold him accountable. 10% of his workforce voted no confidence out of barely 11% voting.
Westward frontier.
Pruitt would have to believe that he's done something wrong first.
It was a code phrase
Pruitt lied. This is the answer to all questions about Scott Pruitt.
The timing of this has to be questioned.
Trump just admitted to campaign finance violations.
Nope, this is different.
Awesome sauce. Thanks.
He thinks this is a strategy. Some wonderful redditor put it best: "he has the strategic ability of a bird stuck in a supermarket."
They can survive by only selling F-150s anyway.
I wanted to buy a ford. But damn they are expensive. Instead I bought two hyundais that year.
So he admitted to lying to the FBI then?
I'll stick with my para p12
I don't know about those states, but Dawson Precision is pretty great.
How many do those hold?
He's not supporting Trump. He's getting free publicity.
Attention gun control advocates: This is how you do it. Red flag legislation that focuses on preventing gun violence.

You won't notice any bullshit ignorant references to "conspicuously protruding grips" in this legislation because that sort of stuff is nonsense.

This legislation will save lives. It doesn't threaten anyone's guns. It doesn't turn people into felons overnight. It doesn't involve loophole fishing. It's good, clear, concise legislation aimed at preventing gun violence. Do this. Don't do the bullshit that California does. Don't get caught up in the "assault weapons" conundrum. Pass legislation aimed at preventing gun violence. Prevent people who shouldn't have guns from having them. Take them away from those who are a danger to themself and others.

If it's ok for me to have any firearm at all, then it shouldn't matter which firearm it is. And if there's cause for me to not have a firearm, take them all away legally. I wholeheartedly support this legislation and I don't feel threatened by it. 
propaganda from the state.
Briefcase? Try a truck.
This article starts off well, but by the time they get to the dossier, it's like the author got bored and just decided it was ok to be disingenuous. There's no mention of the dossier being started by Republicans. And the author states the dossier is largely unverified. And says there's not much detail on what parts are verified.  Blatant.
Sounds like someone is embarrassed.
My wife is a teacher.
That was 15 years ago. Have you been there lately?
The gamble was to steal Fox news viewers. It did not work.
Teachers scrape by on meager earnings. School custodial staff,  members of SEIU make double what teachers earn.
My brain plays banjo music ever time I go through there.
Probably because you're too young to get the cultural reference.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-Elr5K2Vuo
>"You don't want a criminal lawyer, you want a *criminal* lawyer"

Jesse Pinkman
I'm going to go with the Harvard Center's definition.
Yeah, schools were poor.
Because Trump is cognitively disabled enough to ~~think~~believe those are the best people. Trump has declared war on Intelligence. Both the agencies and actual Intelligence.
I noticed. Though Central Florida has large cities in which minority populations are moving for jobs. Orlando and surrounding areas has massive populations of Indian people to support tourism. Jax also has a massive Indian population from the banking sector there. It's not so much the location as it is the size of the town. If you end up in Hernando and Crystal River, up into Dunellon, you'll see rampant racism. But then you travel East to Ocala, it's more subdued.
There were actually a lot of gaming titles in the early 1980's. But strictly educational titles were limited. It was in the 1990's where we saw a boom of educational games. Essentially poorly made games with education as a focus. But most recent studies have found that a really well made game can be educational even if the focus of the game isn't educational. And in many ways, more educational if not made specifically to be educational. Just look at the Portal series and minecraft.
We can all imagine it. But that teenager learned it from watching you, Dad!
I, too, can post links to wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generation_X#Demographics
I'm going to choose to believe Harvard over you.
caste systems existed in pre-islamic Persia. They still exist, but have morphed into social class.
I don't have to imagine that. The GOP is living it right now. And they're threatening everyones' votes.
He meant it as a slight.
I asked google. And Harvard answered.
Translation, low class (caste) person.
It's how tribal lynching cults come out. They try to normalize their behavior.
I'm four years older than you. I'm not an old asshole, but I feel like the stereotype is highly accurate. And being born in 1980, I don't think you'd fit that stereotype. But you're also solidly a GenX. It's not about the years that make a generation, it's the culture. I feel like you would have missed the whole Barney thing. You probably watched sesame street, like the GenXers. Huge cultural shift. And then Millennials also had all those weird European kids' shows.
All it takes is a quick google search. Gen X is 1965 to 1984
Post-millennial is the only term I've heard about them. And that's from an academic. Kids in high school right now are in the same generation as my son who's in elementary school.
I was born in '76. Solidly a GenX. I played Oregon Trail in Kindergarten, the year you were born. Schools didn't move fast on technology, so you ended up with all the old crap.
I played the Oregon Trail in 1982 in Kindergarten on an Apple II. Millennials don't have a claim on that. They think they do. But what they really have a claim on is Barney.
You are a millennial, and also, you were poor.
All the while, complaining about cultural shifts as if growing up in the 1950's was better somehow.
You don't even know. L.A. Traffic is heavy, but they're not actively trying to kill you. They're just selfish af and don't consider anyone else. In Miami, the attitude is always It's a race, rubbin's racin' and fuck you I'm first.
Yeah, so take all of your bad driving, and add in 90% of the people barely speak English, can't read the signs, and learned to drive in other countries. I mean, they wait until the light turns red before making their left turns. Even semi trucks do this.
You're right, it's not like Arcadia. But it's pretty fucking close.
No, it's a choice each parent must make. A hard choice.
Same guy.
They're probably replaying bernard's brain on the DelosPod after the fact to figure out how they didn't know he was a host.
Yeah, but turn off bgp and the hosts will shut down.
These cards are typical of vip or hipro targets.
William is not a host. His blood is red, not milk.
Mildly Annoyed?
Yeah, if we show up, it will be actual populism.
>"You just say it and they believe you".

Donald J. Trump
Why? This is unacceptable.
Well, Sarasota is full blown clan country. It's just south of Tampa. They are predominantly white. No doubt his parents taught him how to be racist.
Come to Miami. Try driving here. You'll feel lucky back in your own city.
You're so wrong it's laughable. Here in Miami, even the cops are texting while driving 90 in a 65. Oh, and here everyone learned to drive in a different country. When you try to change lanes, people speed up to block you. They cut you off within inches of your bumper. And sometimes they flat out try to crash into you. And that's every single day.
As a Florida native, I am. Miami has the most aggressive drivers in the nation. Hands down. 
Just what, what the fuck were you thinking? This is incredibly racist. Not a little, not cultural appropriation, but massively hood wearing racist.
Sadly, and perhaps most important is the fact that POTUS, even a really shitty one, can declassify at will, even if it will cause major damage to national security.
We don't. It washes south, never to return.
Their lives are in more jeopardy from automobiles than guns. That's an inconvenient, indisputable fact. 
You jest, but there's literally 100ft less beach than when I was a kid.
If by economic hit, you mean millions of homes will be consumed by the Atlantic ocean, then yeah, economic hit.
James Rosen. Going so far as to label him a flight risk to avoid him finding out about the surveillance.
http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2014/jan/10/jake-tapper/cnns-tapper-obama-has-used-espionage-act-more-all-/
He hates everything that goes along with the truth. It would force him to admit that he is human garbage.
I don't believe you. /s
You did miss that part. That actually happened. The way they went after whistle blowers and journalists who published those stories was not great.
They assume the other side has to cheat. Really, when the other side shows up, the GOP always loses.
I believe they targeted Florida. And I believe I was affected. I had to file an emergency affadavit for the first time ever in 20 years to prove I was who I claimed after my absentee ballot was rejected because my signature didn't match what was on record. I still don't know if my ballot was counted.
Vhere's da schpoon? Aha! 
This is the truth. I know several Muslims. Fantastic people. The GOP is just salty because the shitty terroristic portion of that population is their analogue. Uneducated, hateful, backwards people exist in all religions. It's not the religion. It's the people.
One of us. One of us.
How the fuck did this guy get to be the white house Doctor?
Trump doesn't vet anyone.
IL should have updated NICS instantly. 
We have shitty mental health care in this country.
Illinois police removed his weapons for his behavior after his arrest at the white house. They gave the weapons to his father.
How about human rights? How about a rally for human rights in Pakistan?
Did the water find it's way into your lungs?
No different. He is knowingly looking for a very young girl. He wanted the youngest one he could legally fuck. How much of a stretch is it to ignore the warning signs here?
Praying and preying are very different things.
He is trained to spot a fake id.
It's difficult to prove legitimate ignorance. Willful ignorance, however is easy to prove.
I hope they also bring charges against his father for giving him back his guns.
Disobedience.  But their protest is pointless showboating. They're not actually protesting anything.
How do you explain Bernard, who may actually be Arnold?
No one is falling for your act, Bernie Bro.
I think a more important question is, was that beach the same beach as the hidden sea? No one knows Bernard is a robot. 
He sued Bill Maher.
/thread
That's because it is.
Human Rights Campaign. They ought to change their domain name. For a second I was like "Who gives a fuck what Hillary thinks?" It's not Hillary Rodham Clinton.
This one reads well. This guy knows Trump very well. And he's not afraid to say what he thinks.
It's not the investments, it's the deliberate non-disclosure as part of his television show. Hannity has no journalistic integrity, and neither does the network that lets him get away with it.
You'd think. But they've been allowing the swamp to revise everything without consequence.
This is awfully suspicious. I clicked an inline link to "credible reports" of Peter Strzok's boss being a cooperating witness. I was taken instead to a clickbait conspiracy spamicle about a neuroscience discovery that "doubles your iq" being hidden away from the people. This site seems to be complete horseshit.
We see this for the deliberate cash grab it was.
He can't take part while at the same time using his TV show to bash the programs and the people who utilize them. It's not illegal, just highly unethical.
Pure, unabashed rhetoric.
Lol, that's pretty funny. Yeah, every once in a while you get a decent article from them.
You too? I thought it was funny.
What does this have to do with HIllary? She's living in your brain rent-free.
We don't tolerate fake news or whataboutism or trolling. Right-wing is no longer politics. You wanted pizza-gate and crooked Hillary, now own it. Right-wing representation cannot be trusted with facts or truth. They cannot be trusted to be honest, forthright, or have an ounce of integrity. Your party she'd it's values and perceived moral authority. You no longer get to claim the high ground.
On an island off the coast of China.
Shit, I was thinking of Liam.
I don't think so. I think the program was superceded by Arnold's code for free will and conciousness.
What makes you think there's only 6?
I don't remember seeing Luke Hemsworth in this episode.
Three is my count.  [Spoiler](#s "we do see Teddy floating dead in the sea")
He played Floki, not Loki.
No thanks. He'll never win. And FFS, no more billionaire presidents.
They can't help it. "CrookedHillary" is a post flair. It keeps her fresh in their mind. It's very sad that they can't let it go. They truly are the worst that can be  scraped up from the Piggly Wiggly parking lot.
Oh yeah, if we're going back that far, who built the pyramids?
Hoax
And yet, sadly the American people are not the electorate.
So Sean Hannity laundered Russian money.
You are so naive.
Worse, military industrial complex.
Pertinent. Good job.
Nothing compared to the Roman slave trade.
From the beginning of the Roman empire until the fall was pretty fucking terrible too.
I support swiss style background checks.
You need to listen to reason and stop the attacks on people trying to work with you. You call it semantics because you don't know what you're talking about to the point where it's absurd. Legislation made by people who don't understand what they're regulating is pointless. It's like saying no one can have a muscle car if it has two or more of the following: mag wheels, a spoiler, bucket seats, a V8 engine, or a manual transmission. Because those are features only a race car should have. They were designed for one purpose and that's racing on a track. So unless you're a race car driver, I don't trust you with a muscle car.

Your entire argument is that ludicrous.

It's not the guns. It's the wrong people getting them. And don't you dare say the guns make people into murderers. And don't say that anyone could snap. And don't say, at least if they didn't have any guns, they couldn't kill lots of people. Those are tired arguments that still ignore the simple, plain cold hard fact the the 2nd amendment enshrines a right to own guns. And no, well-regulated doesn't mean regulations. And no, militia doesn't mean you have to be a part of an organized militia.

All that said, I agree we need *better* gun laws. I agree that some people should not be allowed to buy or possess guns. I also agree that not everyone *needs* an AR-15. But damnit, it's not for you to decide if an allowed person needs one or if they can buy one. It's not for activists to decide because something shares features with a military weapon that it's an "assault weapon". Assault rifle has a very specific meaning. It has very specific features which make it a rifle used for an assault. You don't get to decide because it looks the same that it's the same. An AR-15 is a civilian rifle. It's not as high powered as most hunting rifles. It's semi-automatic action is not a feature designed just to kill people. Fully automatic weapons weren't  even designed to "kill a lot of people". They were designed to stave off assault. So, if you want to talk about the guns, let's talk about the guns. The more you know about a subject, the less likely you are to make mistakes about that subject. And for gun laws, semantics are really fucking important. It makes the difference between regulating something dangerous and regulating something because it looks dangerous. 
Your point is moot. I am not the Boogeyman of your example. Your example relies on outdated culture. More gun owners support reasonable regulations than ever have. We cannot agree on what is reasonable because gun control advocates don't know what the hell they're talking about. They want to ban scary black rifles because they look scary, and let more dangerous rifles alone because they look safe. That's not reasonable. It's ludicrous. And you need to start listening and stop the whataboutism.
I mean the whole concept of paying independent contractors pennies-on-the-dollar to use their own car to drive strangers places. It's counter to the American dream. It takes us backward from stable economy to gig economy. It means that we don't have robust public transit supported by tax revenues from a flourishing local economy.
I'm not part of the GOP or even a conservative. I'm a gun owning liberal democrat. I'm speaking for gun owners, not the GOP. Gun owners is a group without political affiliations.
A revolver is never going to jam on you.
How about a double action? Could you bump fire that? What about a single action?
Liberal Democrats regulating guns makes as much sense as GOP men regulating women's bodies.

We have good ideas but it seems whatever we come up with is not enough to satisfy the gun control advocates.
Visit [the path forward on guns](http://thepathforwardonguns.com) to see our ideas.
thepathforwardonguns.com
>[calling for restrictions on]"widespread civilian access to military-grade assault weapons."

It's a good thing federal law already does that.
I do get to choose my hours, but that means giving up work. I don't get to choose if work comes in. So I have to take all the work that comes my way.
That's not what gig economy means. The gig economy is one in which corporations lay off all their workers and replace them with 1099's. You get paid a tiny bit more, but you have to cover all of your own expenses and run your own business and it leaves you making less and companies keeping more. It started happening after the 2008 downsizing. Wall street made out like bandits and main street is scraping by.
Agreed. I'm on the tail end of Gen X too.
TIL you were a drug mule. /s
Cohen is not very bright. But Avenatti needs to not overdo it.
Sometimes, 'balanced' is code for 'promote our interests'.
He lied. Big surprise. He's a piece of garbage just like Trump. This is why Trump likes him so much. Their entire platform is just to troll everyone.
Red paint, you sick fuck.
Maybe they are the infamous lizard people trying to slowly terraform our planet for their invasion forces. /s
So do millennials and gen X. The boomers never stopped voting. As soon as they stopped teaching civics in school, new generations stopped voting. Civic engagement was at an all time low in the '90s. And the loudest voices became dominant. Gen X still has maleficiaries to these current policies. Companies like Uber shouldn't exist. The gig economy shouldn't exist. We've already seen the effects of war on the American economy under Republicans. It caused the 2008 downsizing of America. It caused the current fetishization of guns. We had a small period of rebuilding. 2020 will see a massive depression that we can't stop unless we vote. Go vote. It doesn't matter how small the election. Every vote on every issue is important. Vote for dog catcher if you can. America is liberal. And if we all vote, we can't lose.
I say, treat 'em like Peta treats fur.
This is not politics
"America's Army"
Maybe your generation. But I remember when the US Army released a video game as a recruitment aid. After 9/11.
All white women didn't vote. If they did, he wouldn't have won shit.
The Raskins practice in Coral Gables. They're wealthy AF. I can almost guarantee they represent several clients from Sunny Isles.
No thanks.
He won the old white women vote 
There's always been a right wing plot to overtake student governments. I dealt with it in the '90s. Of course he claimed he was libertarian. And he memorized RRoO. And we all rolled our eyes when we outvoted him. It's always been there.
There's no such thing as an unborn child. These crazies need to stop this madness.
This piece of shit belongs in jail.  The guy claiming values, has none.
>"You just say it and they believe you."

Donald J. Trump
I know a couple of Marines. They don't for a second  support this sort of bullshit. They'd rather be shooting terrorists than be one.
The question asked "even if the gun wasn't fired". This means pointing a gun at a criminal and deterring them from continuing their crime. You don't have to shoot someone for the gun to do it's job.
That is their goal.
It really is. 
Independent academic survey plus CDC scientific survey.
Hollywood can. So can financial institutions. And science foundations. And the list goes on. Interns get valuable knowledge and wisdom from their work. They learn that those employed will use intern workers for their skill and knowledge and not give credit or concession. 
I wish Broward would grow the balls to do this.
>But what does Kim stand to gain from Trump? A photograph. Quartz explains, with bobbleheads. Watch the video above.

Clickbait AF.
He makes the claim that Cohen is a businessman which slays the claim of attorney-client privilege.
That's a nice family you have there. You won't flip.
And he's not fucking around.
Israel made the deal with Runcie to ignore criminal activity of students. Runcie is just as complicit.
He's doing a great job reducing poverty for the downtrodden minority billionaires. And he's doing a great job at increasing opportunity for the downtrodden minority billionaires. 
I wish Tim Cook would brick his iPhone for the good of the country.
Well, he doesn't think he needs to proofread Sean Hannity.
Of course they did, they were lobbying. Pruitt is a fucking dumpster fire. 
A website run by Jews that caters to neo-nazis. I love America!
Dershowitz is clearly compromised. His position is wrong. Yet he consistently opens his mouth to praise the garbage potus.
What a fucking wordsmith! I regret that I have but one vote to give.
Trump doesn't have to worry about federal prison. We hang treasoners.
They are trying to make shit up, like always. It means that Trump is desperate.
My gun has two safeties. But what do they think they mean by gun safety?
Trump wants to replace him anyway. Let's hope the Saturday night massacre happens on a Saturday. That way the house will have no choice.
The comments on that page are toxic. And I'm a liberal Democrat. But I'm also a gun owner. And I think the toxicity needs to end. Referring to gun owners as cowards is part of the problem.
Who are they polling?

Edit: they polled 1002 adults. Very small slice not enough people.
By 'us', he means the way the Constitution intended. I don't think it will get that far though.
Loophole is very much overused by the gun control side to complain about their lack of knowledge to write laws appropriately.
thepathforwardonguns.com
Private sales with a prohibited buyer is already illegal. It's against the law. So that's not a loophole. Both parties are committing a felony.
I agree that all sales including private should be forced to go through an FFL. Though you might think that private sales are a loophole, they are the intention of the law.
I'm sure the Raskins have plenty of clients from Sunny Isles beach.
Oh FFS, Rudy is joining to see what they have on himself. Rudy knows he's complicit. He wants to get close and secure a pardon.
Don't be so sure the NRA is in the same boat as the GOP. Many of the board members are not politicians. Ask Ted Nugent if he takes Russian money.
Those we're outside ranges if I'm not mistaken, and I had forgotten about those. But still, one of the worst places to attempt mass murder. And there are no mass shootings at gun ranges because everyone is armed.
Lol, he's gonna use one of those industrial sprayers.
Oh behave, baby!
In what world does anyone think trying to kill someone at a gun range is a remotely feasible idea?
Then tell me who Sean Spicer paid with Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is *encryption* and it can be anonymous.
I fully regret not buying Bitcoin at $6.00
If she paid Bitcoin, how was it tracked, unless the dark web is a giant honeypot.
They have surveillance video.
Power is not the same as Powers.
>Mr Deb said that the battle of Kurukshetra in the Mahabharata proved the existence of not just the internet, but also satellite technology in ancient India.

>He said the fact that one of the characters in the epic, Sanjaya, had been able to give a blow-by-blow account of a battle that was taking place many miles away to his king Dhritarashtra proved India had access to both technologies.
Sure it's good news for you. But for all those people who've just lost their jobs and people who've lost their business overnight because one guy misused their product. Apply this thinking to other types of products. There's only losers here. No winners.
I really think he was trying to say contempt. But 'touching uncle' tweety doesn't spell well.
If that rule was meant to be seen, it would be on the submission form. It is not. I have since found that rule buried in the wiki.
It doesn't have to be "tied to Trump's campaign" if Trump was the beneficiary.

It's no different than if a venue forgoes the fee for a rally. It's an in-kind donation.
They're guilty of accepting foreign aid during elections. They overlook massive corruption and erosion of presidential norms.  I mean, are they even the party of small government anymore?  I think that was always a code phrase for dictatorship.
It's not unlikely that the payment was an illegal campaign contribution.

It very much was an in-kind donation.
That rule is not on the submission form.
>President Donald Trump said among Mrs. Bush’s greatest achievements “was recognizing the importance of literacy as a fundamental family value that requires nurturing and protection. She will be long remembered for her strong devotion to country and family, both of which she served unfailingly well.”
You try again

>submitting to /r/politics
Submissions must be for Current U.S. Political news & information only.

>Submissions must come from domains on the whitelist.

>Do not create your own title for link posts or they will be removed.

>Your title must match the article's headline exactly. Do not add or remove words.

>Note: Using Reddit's 'Submit Title' does not always give the exact title, it's not recommended to use this feature & instead copy/paste the title from the article.

>Do not use ALL CAPS, or use “BREAKING” in your titles.

>Do not submit links to wikis, images, memes. Political cartoons & detailed info-graphics should be linked to their original source.

>Submit from the original source of the article. Blogspam and rehosted content will be removed.

>Posts that do not follow these rules are subject to removal.
Are these guidelines in the submission form? Because it says nothing about waiting.
Maybe he meant contempt?  You never know with Trump.
Is there a problem with the stories I'm posting? 
We're all hoping that reality kicks in among the congress soon.
Translation: Trump knows the guy.
Cohen's problem is that unless he was providing legal aid or advice, him being an attorney itself doesn't invoke attorney-client privilege. And that's what critics are ignoring. If Cohen was acting as a businessman, he's not acting as an attorney.
Federal gun laws already did that.
You're mistaken and arrogant. Good day to you sir.
Isn't jury duty through the DMV?
Those fat lazy animals sleep all day in the Florida sun. Every time I go to Zoo Miami, everything is asleep. Might as well be a museum.
What Hillary did wasn't against the rules when she did it.
What you see as untrue, others live as reality. Your opinion is just that. It's not truth or fact. It's second hand bias at best.
It's foolish to base an opinion or a policy on your belief of some people's motivations.
Thinking that people choose poverty is both ignorant and arrogant.
Can we just throw his ass out on the street already? This fucking turtle is a traitor to the American people. I for one am tired of paying his salary.
So you mean those in poverty. Because they can't get ahead, despite hard work and personal sacrifice.
I'm afraid it would cost too much to remove the tinfoil interior.
That's why I participate in the Leave a penny/Leave a penny program.
Do share!
fucking gross.
LOL, I hope you're not in the minority of your generation.
Holy shit, this keeps getting weirder.
Knock on wood.
Did you eat a tide pod?

Not a single 'baby' dies from abortion. Ever. If you think that's your biggest social issue, you've got your priorities wrong. And comparing abortion to holocaust is just fucking insensitive. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Every view on everything undergoes a generational shift. It's why we don't use ~~bounding~~bundling bags or burn witches or toss salt over our shoulders or chop off rabbits' feet or pick up hepatitis pennies off the street or a lot of other things  based on superstition.

If you'll excuse me, I'm going to open this umbrella in my bedroom.
LOL, it's a fictitious app from HBO's Silicon Valley.
facial recognition. They can now identify which turd came from which person. This has to be the most disturbing tech development since nip.lr
>Hannity is President Trump’s most vocal defender on television

Hannity is President Trump's chief propagandist on television

FTFY
I live in Miami. My wife is 2nd generation Cuban, born here. Everywhere you go in Miami, the old Cubans all hate black people. It's not unsubstantiated to people who know. Just you who seems to think it impossible. You see, Cubans, the old Cubans are all caucasian. They're of actual Spanish descent. And many of them are just as guajiro as our own 'Murica types.
This is a teachable moment for everyone involved. Do you shitcan the guy doing the wrong thing for the right reasons, or do you use this moment to highlight flaws in the system and try to fix them? It's Pennsylvania, so they'll probably get rid of him.
And he wants to make main street compliant again.
They also hate black people, just like Trump.
It's Hialeah, half are illegal.

Have any of you downvoting SJWs ever been to Hialeah? Seriously? If you had, you would understand.
No, they're actually from countries where people vote for two-bit wannabe strongmen.
Not a big surprise there. 
Jeez, it's like Casper the friendly ghost put on a wig.
This please.
They're thick as thieves.
Slow down and read the whole headline.

Pai didn't get arrested. Damnit.
This will be one painful royal sodomizing that Trump won't get a chance to forget.
Lordy, I hope so.
I'm weathering the shit storm. At least tell me the eye has passed.
The best lie ~~the devil~~Arthur Laffer ever told.
The same Sean Hannity that onced pulled a loaded gun on Juan Williams?
So it's treason then?
This is pretty much the only thing you need to know about breitbart.
If we regain the house, we'll have a democratic soeaker.
Obama also told us there was no way Trump would win.
If people had enough work and enough pay, many wouldn't resort to crime involving guns. If they had enough services, they wouldn't be so desperate.
And gun homicides too.
It's almost as if Trump is living 10 years in the past.
But they're always there. Sunny Isles beach is called "Little Moscow" And yes, there's both a Trump condo and Trump beach resort in "Little Moscow".
It's really funny because I now pay more, for less coverage.
Didn't they put a repeal of the individual mandate into the omnibus tax bill?
He's in Hialeah today to discus tax cuts for small Florida businesses. Really? Why Hialeah? He won't find anyone that speaks English.
Didn't Cohen say that EC, LLC was setup specifically for the purpose of the NDA with Daniels? Oh wait, that was Cooley Law man.
That's because it's a fucking pyramid scheme.
>The first thing members of the public need to do is stop thinking they know everything about trafficking just because they saw “Sex Slaves” on MSNBC or because they wrote a paper about it in college. You don’t know unless you’ve been there personally.

Read the whole article.

>Now, I guess if you believe that all sex industry work is inherently exploitative, then you would believe that it’s all trafficking. However, is that really your call to make about how someone else defines choice for themselves? I don’t think it is.
"You just tell them is is and they believe you." --Donald J. Trump.
Over $200 million.
Or standing on 5th avenue shooting someone every week.
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/latest_polls/
And the wife of another.
He's a piece of shit. He knows he's just as culpable as Trump. 
>I would suggest your ability to discern quality films has been hacked.


I said it was a decent movie. I would suggest your ability to discern the English language has been hacked.
Shit, just figuring that out and then finding a zero-day for that VPN must've taken some digging.  Still a shitty netadmin. 
Paul Ryan did what he set out to do. Now he's retiring to take a fat cushy job doing nothing for the rest of his life with some billionaire group as a thanks for lining their pockets with all that extra cash instead of paying for poor people stuff like Medicare and Medicaid.
This is correct.


I was called for a quinnipiac poll a few weeks ago.
Are you writing out all the ink?

If not, make sure your pen is capped when not using it, you could be drying it out in the feed. As for cleaning, remove the feed from the pen and soak it in water. After a few hours, a light day of dish soap on a soft tooth brush and gently brush the feed and run it under water until no more pigment is present. Once it runs clear, dab on paper towels and reassemble.
A side note, fountain pen ink doesn't really "go bad" unless it gets contaminated. I added water to a 45-ish year old dried ink well bottle of Sheaffer blue and it worked great.
While completely correct, your level of freak out amused me.
Hold the door!
Are you running out of ink? If not, your feed might be dirty.
LOL. Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Your time to go doesn't involve intervention from another person.
Is she brave? Or is it snide defiance?
Shitty netadmin. Probably outsourced.

It shouldn't have been on the same vlan.
It was a decent movie with complete nonsense visuals. Fun fact, the super computer was named after William Gibson.
Suffering is the essence of humanity. 
Why are people so impatient? The reaper will come. You just have to wait your turn.
My browser doesn't load any ads, deal with it.
Start with the yo-yo. Next let's outlaw sticks and rocks, and finally we can finish with your hands. You lack critical thinking skills. Work on that.
Why was the teen in the woods? Why was the deputy in the woods? What prompted the shooting?  This article doesn't have enough information.

**EDIT**

Better source http://www.wral.com/harnett-county-deputy-shot-in-face-chest/17487609/
What kind of work do we live in when you're afraid to click a link and read an article without someone else telling you it's ok? Read the article, use your critical thinking skills.
Someone has to murder for profit.
There's been a lot of unemployed buttery males lately.
Ultra, here in Miami.
He's one of those folks.
They support the LMOP foundation.
They are gifts for the goat-fucking warlords.
Mercenaries.
They're trying to buy peace. 
Some states are driving them up to $15.
They had better be relevant to a sexual experience.
Unless you want to spend your money on a gun. Then no, it's verboten?
No, state minimum wages were raising minimum wages before Trump made a single policy. Nice try though.
More like Daddy and Juliet.
Who was talking about pot? 
I vote that we force them all to move to Arizonastan.
That wouldn't bode well for them. Israel is itching to cause some destruction.
Putin is bluffing. He's actually just a medium thug. His power only comes from intimidating others. He doesn't want to test Mattis. He's not afraid of his puppet Trump, bit he's very afraid of Mattis.
I've used basic belt clips. I've made much progress since posting. I'll post pics soon.
Oh boo hoo, the dark lord of haliburton doesn't like me anymore.
You can't fire the American people.
Scary and black
Not any more. They're replacing it with an H&K platform.  https://www.armytimes.com/news/your-army/2016/04/08/h-k-confirms-this-is-the-army-s-new-and-improved-sniper-rifle/
Shit, I knew I should have gotten the white one.
EC and WC

I'd love for Los Angeles to have the state initial WC.
until you touch your face with the virus hands. Then yes, it will make you sick.
>arguing it was no longer an ICC member

That's not how it works.
If there's a stomach virus going around, this will give it to you.
Of course they are. Use your pants instead.
>"If there is a U.S. missile attack, we — in line with both Putin and Russia's chief of staff's remarks — will shoot down U.S. rockets and even the sources that launched the missiles," Zasypkin told al Manar.

If Russia targets US ships, it will be war.
No collusion! No collusion!
Give this some time. The Danish tourist will admit making up the knife. And will also turn out to be a Nazi.
Texas is definitely starting to lean progressive.
That's a national park.
Lordy, I hope there are tapes.
And yet, demand for AR-15 rifles is way the fuck up.
Wells Fargo has a long storied history with firearms. 
I'd bet the first thing they did in space was rub one out.
Pardons. They talked about pardons.
A disgraced partisan hack is still better than a bald-faced liar.
What is their fascination with George Soros? What exactly is George Soros doing? And is he doing something illegal, like Robert Mercer or the Koch brothers? ¯\_ツ_/¯
Welcome to crazy town.
I don't know why I read this in the voice of Philip J. Fry.
Even insinuating that normalizing those urges is a solution is disturbing.
A last-ditch effort to gain votes.
That only applies if someone enters.
Nope, I'm not going to fire my weapon at someone unless my life or the life of another innocent is threatened.
LMAO! perfect reply.
>[–]beckdaddy1 9 points 1 day ago 

>No guns = No violent crime

>Don't you know? .....also /s
Agreed. If you're vegan, go be vegan over there and don't tell me about it.
He violated the law. The castle doctrine never came into play. This guy is just a piece of shit who wanted to shoot someone
Well, this completely fails the responsible home defense test. You do not discharge a weapon at someone because they knocked on your door. Not only is it against the law, it's impolite.
Well, there's half the problem.
Well that settles that. War with DPRK is war with China.
True idiot move. But even worse is the drunk hobo who found it and decided to fire it at a concrete wall to "see if it was loaded". People, please be smarter than this. Point in a safe direction, finger off the trigger, drop the mag, rack the slide.
Not according to the department of pre-crime.
There should be.

**EDIT** /r/WTFlorida
I'm sorry, you don't get to put on a skimpy outfit and dance for drunk men then claim some sort of moral high ground. If you were so Christian, you would have objected to the job description.
We were thinking less than 2. That's what we want.
People who named their kids after shit laying on their front "lawn" should not be breeding.
Tomi's dad should have pulled out first.
They die because the think the autopilot is driving for them.
You're missing the point of the affirmation. Read your Watergate history.
He looks just like that squirmy little Nazi from Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I hope they introduce Mulvaney to the concept of contempt. 
I'm listening to the hearing. He seems like a great guy , until he said that.
I hope so. Any such action would constitute an illegal act.
Nationalism is the path to fascism. Don't support fascism. Congress cannot regulate your personal safety. That insane level of complacency is why Tesla drivers die in crashes. 
False.

See I can type meaningless words too.
Congress will never protect you. Only you can protect yourself.
Why the fuck is there an OpEd on the official white house website? Does anyone think this is ok?
>"This is about a lawless president of the United States determined to avoid accountability," he said.

Beautifully said too.
I said earn. My son is a cub scout. I'm a cub scout leader. And he had to earn his knife through demonstration of proper handling and use. As all kids should.
I've never had to stab anything. But I still use my knife every day.
This is the exact core of the discussion.
For Sikh people it's a requirement.
Why not? What kind of a man doesn't carry man's most basic tool?
Not having a blade lock is just incredibly stupid. My knife uses an arc lock and even has a safety to prevent opening. I wouldn't carry a liner lock if you paid me.
Must be all those police with assault rifles.
Replace knife with gun and you start to understand some frustrations.
Floridians too. 
I use mine every day for multiple things. And it's still a badge of honor for a boy to earn his first knife.
In Russia sales of baseball bats are at an all-time high.  Very few baseballs are sold. Ask them if they know what a baseball glove is?
Every single day, I carry, man's most basic tool, in my pocket wherever I am permitted. I always wonder what kind of a man doesn't carry a knife. Carrying a knife is a badge of honor earned before your teens. It's a human birthright. And unless you're disallowed by adjudication, every person should be carrying a knife.
Lol. 
Woo, call the fire department!
Well, Democrats are more likely to do butt stuff. More butt stuff, less cheating. /s
Who cares?
Facebook giving CA millions worth of political demographics Intel couldn't possibly be an in-kind donation, right? Right?
Oh, he's in a position to make demands from the owners of the Kushner Companies?
Did not see that coming. Even with that clickbait title and anti-robot text.

tl;dr

WikiLeaks.
Rand Paul refers to the pair as "Trump Haters". So fucking what? Most of the country are Trump Haters. And life goes on.
They drove off the highway and down a steep embankment in torrential rain. This decision in itself is terrible.
The decision was made to do this while Richard Cordray was running the agency. Mulvaney didn't make this decision. This is an optics problem, not a political problem.
Yeah, I just read the news. Human fuckups. Thanks for the heads up, swabbie.
There were more ships, and it's been reported in the news that jamming could be a potential cause of the malfunctions. 
This just bolsters their support and fanaticism.
The intent was to give them time to move their assets out of likely US target's range. But he doesn't really understand how to POTUS very well.
With all that navigational jamming that's been happening, causing USN ships to strike other ships, this may not be the best time to engage with our Navy.
I don't think that's the same thing. This is a different system.
I watched the video, I must have missed them deploy tasers.
Cops are supposed to be experts in hand to hand combat. And yes, cops should be expected to risk their life. It's part of the job.
Yeah it was justified. But it still begs the question, why aren't they carrying batons and tasers? And why aren't police trained to use them first? For police, it's cheaper, less paperwork, and less liability to kill someone than take them alive.
He charged them. Nothing to see here. Though you do have to question why they didn't just tase him in the first place.
That's nice. What percentage of U.S. Citizens are on 'welfare'?  That number is far more interesting than this one.
That's exactly what they are.
This arizona bill violates HIPAA regulations. It won't be allowed to remain.
What makes you say that?
My vector does not have the set screw on the top rail. 
I think that's the crux of the issue. More gun laws and more regulations aren't addressing a problem. They're unspecific in their goal. They're ineffective in their scope. And they have the anti-gun side convinced that the problem will be solved if the guns went away. But that's simply not the truth. People have guns. They're not going away. And I see the anti-gun crowd start talking about suicides as if it's an epidemic that needs to be solved by taking away all the guns. There are better solutions. Less vitriolic solutions. I think now that scientific study is allowed for public health, we'll see some better facts being presented. Anti-gun people need to stop attacking gun owners. They need to stop saying things like "You’re making your family less safe and—if you get robbed—the rest of us less safe too." It would be incredibly easy to insult the anti-gun crowd. I choose not to do that. The arguments being made by the pro-gun crowd are mostly based in fact. But there's too many gun-nut arguments made based on complete nonsense. 

I also see the anti-gun crowd making too many arguments with logical leaps and bounds not based on reality. It's always, "statistics say" But how can you trust statistics that were made with incomplete information? Let's all wait for the scientific study to commence before we make irrational 'symbolic' legislation based solely upon fear.
>“Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria,” Trump tweeted. “Get ready Russia, because they will be coming, nice and new and ‘smart!’ You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!”

Let's just tell them everything while we're at it.
It is well thought out. And I've asked the author about AR bans. He doesn't support them. And hopefully this would make them unnecessary.
Why?
Thus it's settled. Rather than stand up to Trump, they'll choose to fade away.
Oh no, I'm not describing prople who want more gun control, I'm describing the mirror opposite of gun nuts. That small subset of liberals who want to take all the guns.
I had nothing to do with the that. I'm not conservative.
They didn't catch then all. Russian troll accounts are like pokemon though.
t_d for sure.
Click on a username from the list, go to the profile.
That's some North Korea level devotion.
I supported them then too.
Read it. When the verification is complete, the information leaves the system.
Yeah, we'd all trade bump stocks for that. Now we need to get people to stop calling them silencers.
This happens every time we elect an actor to the presidency.
"My Lord is that legal?"
We're ready now for better background checks. And I thin the system laid out on that site is exactly what we need. It doesn't track purchases. It doesn't pass personal information to sellers. It just provides approved or not approved.
These idiots tried meeting with Russians multiple times? Worst criminals in history.
Campaign finance violations are the cherry on top. They got him for fraud. He will be mandatorily disbarred in the state of New York.
Probably because people under 25 are still kids, mentally.
Holy crap, is this 2002? Been there kid. Did it, drank the bawls. Have the shirt. Find a clan who exists already. There's already too many 9 year olds screaming in my headphones.
It's a good question. The creator of that site says he's heard good things from both sides so far. But I've found the grabbers to be extremely hostile and not open to discussion.
There aren't as many posts there as here or /r/politics. And not one of the regulars there noticed a single thing going on.
>"The IDF is the most moral army in the world, but there can be no doubt when you are at the front and under a lot of tension and there is a need to unwind your nerves, there are emotions and one can understand it."

The front? What front? Is Israel at war? Is mowing down unarmed civilians a moral act? Israel is guilty of war crimes.
>The company said 316 posts from the Russian accounts were made on the popular pro-Trump page, The_Donald, which reflected intense support for the New York businessman during the 2016 presidential campaign.

Surprise! #notsurprised.
And SCOTUS ruled that the two clauses are indeed separate. Possession of arms is not limited to service in a militia.

And by the way, it says "being necessary to the security of a free state". Not free nation. It does indeed imply protecting states from the Federal government.
California is probably the only state trying to make it harder to safely handle and use firearms.
They got a lot of udder men there.
Well, you can't see fucking white lines on a white street.
I've seen asphalt crack from trucks too.
They are going to regret this so much. Their power bills are going to skyrocket with all the reflection of heat into buildings.
This is why I carry a gun. This shit isn't uncommon here.
Symbolic legislation is much like tits on a bull.
When the "running around screaming" phase is over, https://thepathforwardonguns.com

**EDIT** thanks for the gold
Was it the copypasta? It was the copypasta.
ACLU defends the DOJ. I'm waiting for the demagorgons to show up with popcorn.
But they don't make assault rifles. They make ar-15s
I wouldn't know.
They have no clients who make assault rifles. Only H&K, Kriss, Colt, FN, and Remington make assault rifles, unless I missed one.
Her nuts are bigger than yours.
Well... https://i.imgflip.com/1gf3kk.jpg
Tired analogy alert. This witch hunt is turning up a lot of witches.
He's definitely connected.
Good day to you sir!
Rick Wiles, it's time for your meds. Sheer batfuckery. This is what happens when the president of the United States of America gives one ounce of creedance to unstable people like Alex Jones. Batfuckery. It spreads like a virus among the uneducated masses, but mutates and jumps to the vulnerable.
Civilian GPS uses a single channel.
According to the article, they were investigating a disturbance and "encountered" her.
L1 bands are not the same.
You cannot presume to know what Scalia would point out.
You can't do it. You have no introspection at all. Look in a mirror. If you feel less safe, you are to blame. Attacking others is not going to make you feel safe.
Do you think making rifles physically harder to use, as California has done with extreme restrictions, will make the people of California safer?
He wrote that reading.
See, we do deputize citizens. You're so wrong about everything you're arguing. And SCOTUS already ruled that our owning and possessing weapons needn't be associated with militia use. And for you to insinuate that I'm making my family less safe is highly insulting to me. And I'm remaining pretty civil despite your personal attack on me. I think it's time you step back and look at how your irrational fear is causing you to lash out and attack others. 
Well, this is the new university experience where free speech musn't offend anyone. Though, this is pretty offensive.
There is ancient greek art displaying blackface.
It's insensitive to black folks, having been portrayed in blackface by white actors as far back as the 1800's. It carries connotations of slavery.
A tactic straight out of the Trump playbook.
When all you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
[They were also used to defend states from attack.](http://www.usmm.org/warof1812.html) My metaphor stands.
I hope they make an example out of him and throw him in prison for the statutory maximum. This sort of behavior out of a trained professional police officer is abhorrent and has no place in civilized society. He has cuffs on, and still strikes her. And makes the claim that she is resisting for the video. All I see are the frightened cries of a child being abused.
You really don't know your history. Privateers held a letter of marque from a local authority, such as a governor. Vessels without a letter of marque were pirates.
No, it pissed you off that we can have them for recreation.
They're generally shitty at journalism, but the speech is fantastic.
So you'd have all US intervention withdrawn? Syria wasn't complicated. Obama didn't go far enough early on. He should have flown sorties against Damascus at the beginning. And not let Russia in the door. Trump, for sure wants out, but getting out now is too dangerous to the region. I don't think we should cede any ground to the Russians. And the chemical weapons attacks are proof that someone should be there. Hopefully UN troops.
Read the speech. It's a damn good speech. And she's calling out both Russia and the council for lack of action.
And to think, they now see us that way.
>Sure why not.

It's psycho-active. Both legal drugs which can be abused to great detriment, alcohol and nicotine, are not psycho-active. It doesn't leave your body on Monday morning.
>people who supposedly respect firearms and own them responsibly are buying "cool-looking" devices that they can "show off at the gun-range"

It's not irresponsible to buy an accessory that you think is cool-looking. And that just pisses you off, doesn't it? Every time I go to the range, everyone wants to look at my carbine. It's cool-looking. But that doesn't mean that I would ever use it in a way that was irresponsible.
Yes, they were leveled by private citizens. What do you think privateers were?
That's a prohibition solution. You don't even know what you're dealing with.
>Trump, for his part, maintains that the investigation led by Mueller is nothing more than a “witch hunt.” It seems to be turning up an awful lot of witches (and warlocks!)

Snarky AF. But not untrue.
Do you want your ER nurse smoking weed?

Do you want your banker smoking weed?

Do you want your public transit driver smoking weed?
Everyone.
You're bolstering my argument. Protected weapons are those in common use at the time. AR-15s are not dangerous or unusual.
My emotions? I have the law on my side.

This is entirely about your emotions. You haven't had any other argument to come back with other than "because I'm afraid".
Despite being legal in many states, you still can't use it if you work for the federal government. And in many cases, corporations and state governments are prohibiting their employees from using it as well.
>Tell me again how a bump-stock is not turning semi-automatic weapons into automatic weapons while circumventing everything I've just quoted.

Because the BATFE says it wasn't.

And now they are changing those rules. So your entire argument is pointless.
But those have public health solutions in those other countries.
Alcohol is legal. But rest assured, if you work with a security clearance, they'll question problem drinking as well.
And yet, cities were leveled in the 18th century.
No law bans private citizens from owning automatic weapons. I am very serious. You apparently do not know what you're talking about. The national firearms act of 1934 simply places regulations and taxes on owning automatic weapons.
You'd think the courts would decide. But lower courts are not respecting the SCOTUS.

SCOTUS has ruled that we have a right to own all bearable arms for lawful purposes. Banning AR-15s violates that right.

>Caetano v. Massachusetts, 577 U.S. ___ (2016) - The Court ruled that the Second Amendment extends to all forms of bearable arms:

>The Court has held that the Second Amendment extends, prima facie, to all instruments that constitute bearable arms, even those that were not in existence at the time of the founding, and that this Second Amendment right is fully applicable to the States.

All bearable arms. A right to own All bearable arms.

>District of Columbia v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570 (2008) - The Court ruled the Second Amendment to reference an individual right, holding:

>"The Second Amendment guarantees an individual right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia, and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home."

Unconnected to service in a militia.
please cite "literally every public health official who has studied guns". Otherwise you're making it up.
But if you want to talk about the intent of the law, let's talk about how the intent of the 2nd amendment is to allow access to all arms, regardless of how you feel about it.
A fleet of ships could level an entire town in about an hour. A six shooter can't do that.
Which disqualifies them from service. It's a liability.
Why would you ban anything but hunting rifles and handguns? And why would you heavily regulate ammo?
How is it disingenuous?
Those drugs are controlled substances. It's illegal for people to possess them without a prescription. Your analogy doesn't fit. Guns are not illegal to possess. And since you feel it's a public health risk, maybe you'd consider a public health solution.

My guns in my possession are not a public health risk. They're only a "risk" to criminals who would attempt to do me or my family harm.
It wasn't "law-subverting". It was legal. And your disdain for "this guy" is nauseating.
There were wealthy land owners who owned fleets of ships. A fleet might very well be considered the nuclear weapons of the day.
So you want to punish everyone for the actions of bad people?

And the "other developed nations" have other solutions, such as universal health care.
Judges in states like California are claiming they don't violate the 2nd amendment and SCOTUS refuses to take the cases.
When you keep using those terms as a form of mocking, you set yourself back.

It's a legitimate question for gun control advocates. Where do you draw the line on bans? What do you want to ban and why?
No, but if they had the money, the land owners would have had them.
The 2nd amendment is intentionally vague as to include all arms big and small. When it was ratified, there were civilian owned warships called privateers. There were civilian owned cannons and forts. Civilians owned military weapons. It wasn't until the prohibition of alcohol that ~~weapons~~machine guns started being a problem.
>“Most people that are really pro-gun all kind of agree that we don’t really care about bump stocks,” he said. “But obviously the fear is that when once you start taking things, when does it stop.”

I fully agree with this. We don't really care about bump stocks. But where do you draw the line?
Mueller didn't raid Cohen. Trump's own appointees at the DOJ did.
It's not as easy to just "spray" the area with those frequencies.  Modern commercial telecommunications use frequency hopping over spread spectrum to avoid jamming. I don't have classified intel on milspec GPS, but it's more robust than that. And milspec RTOS can detect jamming in the protocol and compensate. So Russia has some knowledge of the protocol.
I'm simply explaining that not everything using "wireless signals" is the same technology.
They use different channels and high encryption. It's not civilian gps.
Civil disobedience is a time-honored American practice.
Unconstitutional. As it will be ruled so. Wtf is Iowa trying to do? 
You merely wish you knew what you were talking about. It's obvious you don't.
Or assistance in the client committing crimes.
That's not what it means.
Not if that conversation was covering up your crimes.
I agree, but jamming is a foot in the door.
It's not the same technology. GLONASS  is different.
I'm gonna go with, no. Trump's criminal activity is finally being uncovered.
But they don't use GPS either.
How about, "fuck off"?
See, that's your problem. You really don't know what's funny. It's intangible. Why don't you just switch on your emotion chip?
Oh, did Scott delete the READ requests?
Putin doesn't want that.
So he knew this and decided to provide aid and comfort to them?
No, it doesn't. If they're using illicit substances, they're unqualified.
Not if you block the entirety of APNIC.
Yes it does. You just don't know about it. USAF has a whole squadron for this purpose.
Captain, they are adapting.
Russia doesn't use GPS. They have their own system.
You should take comfort in knowing every router sold abroad has NSA backdoors built in.
No, the fallout comes in through plenum spaces.
If they can jam drones, how long till they can control them? I really don't want an MQ-9 getting hacked.
What's it like to live a humorless life?
Because Tucker Carlson is insane.
"We're here for your election" -- Victor Pinchuk, to Donald Trump after paying $150k for a video Q&A.
Well, Boston has a knife ban over 2" blade lengths. Those ordinances have exceptions for people whose jobs require blades.
Familiarity definitely helps. We moved my mom to a memory care facility and she had rapid decline.
There's already no waiting periods for ccw permit holders in my state.
It was about six years ago, and too late. 

Here's two recent articles, it appears an unsuccessful therapy.

https://huntingtonsdiseasenews.com/2018/01/02/cancer-drug-bexarotene-shows-promise-in-treating-huntingtons-in-mice-study-finds/

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/25777514/

And the original

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/22323736/
He probably defrauded a bank for a loan.
My senior English teacher ran away with a girl in the class. She was 18 at that time, but damn, teachers gonna fuck.
Evolution.
That's a much longer term than average. Survival ranges 7 years on average.
I've read an article claiming very high doses of bexarotine was able to reverse dementia damage in mice.
I've seen it first hand and yeah, the fucking worst. You really have to mourn the loss of a loved one before they ever die.
I've known some very sweet chowchows. Chihuahuas on the other hand...
Glock 18.
But why the ordinance? Assault rifles are already regulated under the NFA.
This is extremely dangerous to our democracy.
Of course he fucking did. Why did anyone believe anything different?
Incorrect. You have to pull on the forearm to use it. Without pulling on the forearm, there is only one shot. The recoil doesn't make it cycle the trigger, the forward pressure on the forearm does.
Perhaps we wouldn't need bans with better background checks. And this is way better than California's "let's make a weapon harder to use properly" strategy.
I can carry in 37/50. 
It does cover gat cranks. It covers any modifications intended to pull the trigger faster than the user. Wait till they meet Jerry Miculek.
And humorously not banned by any laws. In fact all antique firearms made before 1918 and modern replicas are not banned unless they are machine guns.
FL requires a 2 hour course and to dump one round in a can.
It does say you would need a permit. And Missouri does issue them upon request.
Only for the gun nuts.
You can't cycle the trigger with kinetic energy from ammunition. You theoretically could cycle the sear if it we're configured to allow this.
What Devin Nuisance did was the opposite of whistle blowing. Because he was purposefully helping one criminal, as opposed to uncovering information on wrong-doing.
So, mean people yelled at him. That's not the same as death threats.
As in, he said there were, but there weren't. This lying motherfucker is Trump-lite™
Too much vitriol. Many gun owners support that.

Too many gun control advocates say it's not enough, they want to ban them all.
I agree with him. And I support the ideas laid out here https://thepathforwardonguns.com/
She was charged for espionage, but I think it's a pretty important distinction that she was a whistle blower. And I'm pretty sure she uncovered information that our voting systems were, indeed affected by Russian intelligence.  
Isn't that Scahill?

How was she working for Russia?
At least until Putin tells his minion not to bomb anymore.
In other news, Lt. Cmdr. Data practices laughing in front of humans.
Because of her employer, I don't think any news is going to be trustworthy.
Train cars have emergency brakes. Did none of these people think about engaging them?
"Oops" -- Rick Perry, Secy. of  Department of Energy
Joe Arpaio.
It's not going to end well for him or DHS.
And you know this how?
So, you didn't read the article? 
Being held indefinitely will cost tax dollars. I assure you the conditions won't be humane.
>In addition to other measures, the [45 affected] departments are also supposed to provide “a detailed list of all existing facilities, **including military facilities**, that could be used, modified, or repurposed to detain aliens for violations of immigration law at or near the borders of the United States.”

Internment camps incoming.
Keep calm.
As long as they don't try the same shenanigans they did in 2016, we will.
I understand the semantics of his task. But Mueller is filing indictments.
Floridians did not elect him twice. Tampa and Jacksonville elected him twice. The rest didn't show up to vote
To be fair, she's not wearing endangered species fur in the picture. /s
Now I know who not to vote for.  Governor Skeletor is shitty at his current job. He'd be shittier as a Senator.
No, no, you have to smooth out the dingle bop with a bunch of shleem.
What does it say when a former bush administration staffer refuses to be Bolton's mouthpiece?
Why do I hear Clint Eastwood when I read that?
I agree with you. But the last one on that list makes sense to me. "They're high on self esteem". I've always thought this way about the millennials. It's in Stark contrast to what my boomer parents always taught me; "you're no better than anyone else unless you do better."
I agree with that, but the GOP has been blocking any nonpartisan independent investigation. The GOP knows it's dirtier than a bankok brothel.
Some of the ones cites are more than 1500 to 1.

And I really want to know why this would be burdensome on companies. This is applying a set formula to numbers they already know.
I'm guessing Carter Page. I mean he tried, but the bills kept shrinking in the dryer.
What would be left? Trump's big tax cuts have made business less strong. Trade wars are going to kill all the dollar stores. People will starve before 2020.
Trump doesn't respect the rule of law. An impeachment would be very interesting.
That's been working reasonably well thus far. But we may not need to do anything. I'm patient enough to wait for Mueller to charge him.
Yeah, they don't really put much thought into their crazy theories. Times were better when we had the professional crazies that came up with benghazi-gate.
It makes no sense logically. But Trump can't bear to think that he lost the popular vote.
Much like a storm trooper with a lightsaber, the GOP would lop of their own limbs if they tried to wield power, like we've seen over the past year.
This is definitely going to help the democrats in midterms.  
They see nothing wrong with enriching themselves. Ladies and gentlemen, your republican party.
I had no such intent. I report site-wide rules violations.
There are some states which allow destructive devices. So you could own the fully operable tank.
I never said it was because of the Everglades. But the sjw element attempted to turn me into a villain.
Well, yeah, Pruitt's buddies needed raises.
I hope he bleeds that racist dry.
Don't violate site-wide policy.
We've tried to help, the response is always " but muh guns!" And "damn right we wanna take 'em".
In certain states, you can own a fully enabled tank.
I've reported you for enabling firearms sales in violation of Reddit policy.
By their language, it's not banned.
Sure it does. The 2nd amendment was written to allow civilian owned warships. 
Thanks Obama!
>"In many places, like California, the same person votes many times," he said. "You probably heard about that. They always like to say 'oh that's a conspiracy theory.' Not a conspiracy theory, folks. Millions and millions of people, and it's very hard because the state guards their records. They don’t want to see it."

I hate to break it to him, but there are actually multiple people named Jesus Gonzalez in California.
You have no idea.
The Everglades runs from Lake Okeechobee to Florida bay. I live here. I know what it's been through. 
Are they going to collapse a food supply for 50 million people?
Well, the Everglades estuaries support marine life from the Carolinas down to Costa Rica.
There are deserts all over the globe. And tundra and rain forests. No other place on Earth has the Everglades.
South Florida is the sport fishing capital of the world. And the Everglades estuaries support marine life from the Carolinas down to Costa Rica.
I live 2 miles from the Everglades.
Not true
If the Everglades gets messed up, the entire southern fisheries goes tits up.
Yeah, how did they go from not being able to afford their billion dollar mortgage payment to buying out their partner?
That place is a dumpster fire.
No, it can't. The Everglades is unique.
I really think you're ignoring the liability. This rests squarely on the shoulders of BSO and Runcie. BSO didn't enforce the law. So you want new laws to fix non-enforcement of existing laws?
No, Trump ruled crazy people can buy a gun. And the system is in place. If not for BSO's failure, the shooter would have been denied the purchase.
In the best possible case, they exempted Florida because it has an ecosystem not found anywhere else on the planet.
Those are detectives. Police officers are meant to stop crimes in action.
Define "common sense gun regulation". Then we'll see that 92% splinter like a log in a wood chipper.
But the gun laws didn't fail. The shooter's criminal record was clean only because BSO failed to arrest him 39 times in a row.
The system failed at BSO. Under normal circumstances, the shooter wouldn't have been able to buy a gun because he would already have a criminal record.

thepathforwardonguns.com
Ok, I'm going to explain to you why the two are completely unrelated, and why the kid is right. Are you ready?

Broward sheriff's office and the school board made a deal to not arrest students even for violent crimes. Police were called 39 separate times for the shooter's violent behavior. Police did not arrest him once. They didn't book him once. They didn't charge him once. So when the violent shooter went to purchase a gun, he had no criminal record. His check passed because the police failed in their duty. There were warning signs. 39 warning signs. The rest of the system did it's part. But the school and BSO failed. You can't blame "the guns" for a situation created by a failure of law enforcement. 

You can certainly blame a shrimp boat captain for hiring a terrible navigator that plots a course for a hurricane. Your analogy is not good.
Or, and I'm just spitballing, carry a gun.
No Collusion!! Sad! Caught the fuckers, finally.
Police today really forget their job is supposed to be dangerous.
That is a mistake many make. It predates the civil war. And it was long before those concerns. It was 1791. States we're still worried about a very new federal government.
He also wrote that 2a applied to firearms in common usage contemporaneously. AR-15s are in very common usage and have no military features.
He's absolutely right. The policies set forth to ignore crimes, even dangerous ones allowed the shooter to slip through the cracks and evade notice on criminal background checks when purchasing guns which he should have been denied.
It's about intent.
That's not really the problem. The problem is how people think sex is supposed to be like porn. And then either get disappointed or worse when they find out the truth.
You couldn't even use two hands to type out a longer response. It's obvious that it is.
In saying "arms" they meant firearms. They would have specified if they only meant muskets. Because pistols existed, they also didn't say, only pistols. The intent was to repel invasion. And this means whatever your Invaders have, so should the people.
A militia made up of the people, called at a moment's notice to repel invasion. The framers saw the value of the minute men. That was their intent.
You can purchase an anti-tank rifle. And use one. That's not banned.
That, I am not. We should not have open access to machine guns. But the intent was clear. To have arms capable of repelling an invasion. If another state's people have it, or the federal government has it, the people of any free state should have it. That was the intent. I still don't think we should allow everyone to be able to get machine guns. I agree there should be limits. But just because something looks scary doesn't mean it should be banned. You end up with legislation with good intentions but poor implementation. The Deerfield law doesn't ban the M1A. But that is literally no different in function from an ak-47. Uses the same diameter .308 bullet. But the ak-47 is scary, and the M1A doesn't look scary enough to ban. I'm saying what people are calling assault weapons, are actually just rifles with ergonomic features. And banning them because of those features without looking at their function is ludicrous.
So, you're saying the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness should end when it infringes upon another's right?
Finally we are going to get one to the supreme Court. His argument is that because these weapons weren't in existence, they couldn't be covered by the 2nd amendment. It doesn't take a legal scholar to make the better argument that if the framers had only meant muskets, they would have explicitly said muskets. Instead, their meaning must be construed to be military arms, since that is precisely what they enabled the people to  keep and bear. The amendment enabled the people to have those weapons to prevent invasion by whomever. It's disingenuous to argue that the federal government should have access to military weapons that the people should not simply as a matter of the amendment's intention.
>"The AR-15 and its analogs, along with large capacity magazines, are simply not weapons within the original meaning of the individual constitutional right to ‘bear arms,’" U.S. District Judge William Young, a Reagan appointee, wrote in a decision Thursday in Boston, dismissing a lawsuit over the state law.

The framers didn't intend to leave us with muskets. This is what they fucking said "arms" and not muskets.
Ballot security is most interesting. I also wonder what Manafort was doing in Tbilisi.
No, the bad guy who gave a bad kid the gun is the problem.
So, this locker was a dead drop?
Just ask Michael Cohen.
He can't hire a lawyer. He has to hire them in pairs so they can cover their own asses.
>“Americans are increasingly faced with a stark choice: leaders like Gabby, who work hard together to find solutions to problems, or extremists like the NRA and Congressman Norman, who rely on intimidation tactics and perpetuating fear,” Kelly said.

Giffords wants to repeal the 2nd amendment. That's not a viable solution. And Norman is batshit for brandishing a weapon. That's overtly provocative.
It's not without precedent.
I hope he violates the posse comitatus act.
They are too busy voting the party line to look up.
Bears don't discriminate. Why should Alaskans? I mean unless you're Inupiak.
Not a single one.
Haha. KBM is the easiest control scheme. But if you're blown away by the sheer power of it, just plug in one of those dumb controllers. I guess that's easy to say for me. My last controller before switching to KBM was the Atari 2600. One stick, one button.
Yep, simple questions for which they already know the answer. They just need to hear Trump tell the truth. 
I wish there was a way to plan in advance so I could get a front row seat for the Roger Stone perp walk.
If Trump lies, Mueller's rigged! /s
"damnit, why'd they put the diamonds behind a single pane of glass if they weren't trying to trap me?"
"They trapped me into lying" is a trumpian excuse.
The electorate was either fooled by a pathological liar or complicit in the long con.
Let us remember that both Bush and Obama sent troops to the border. Those were mostly for logistical support though.
See, you get it. When my girl was 4 she was scaling with zero effort, at 6 she bounding like David Belle.
Devin Nuisance doesn't have the clearance. And if he did, he wouldn't be a subject of Mueller's investigation.
Why does he feel that he needs this level of security? Has there been credible threats against him?
He...  Could... Go... All... The... Way!

I think O'Rourke has fresh ideas and Texans are ready to listen. They're not all conservatives in Texas, but they've all been negatively affected by GOP policies.
War crimes. Israel is guilty of war crimes.
Lordy I hope there are tapes!
I think you meant denizen.
Cloud Imperium hired a ton in Austin.
They have been, for quite some time. That's how the government does domain seizures. They wait a bit to post the notice. But they have the whole site and it's most current traffic.
The royal "we"
Both bush and Obama deployed national guard to the border, but that was for surveillance support
That's their plan. Destroy the federal government until it's a husk. Then they have free run on the country.
Fight the good fight. 
Make a better product at a better price. You know, free market kind of stuff.
Mass unemployment, entire sectors going bankrupt, main street boarding up and wall street continuing "business" from the Caymans. You know, MAGA.
So they're driving 6 miles?
Not the way bones are developed. A *loss* in bone density would be a lesser physical condition. Kid bones are growing and still spongy/springy. Go back to anatomy class.
I guarantee you, my six year old girl would run circles around you long after you collapsed from heat exhaustion. And yes I'm out of shape because life doesn't always give people the ability or means to "hit the gym" or even eat healthy. Check your privilege. Good day to you, sir!
Hannah!
You're correct in your assertions, but it's the lesser bone density which makes for better physical condition. Kid bones are still kind of spongy, springy. And it's this which allows what would be normal muscle mass, to be overpowered for the mass. Combine that with increased energy efficiency, and higher metabolism, and the physical condition is much better than an adult. When your bones are totally formed, their density is higher, increasing their weight. Your muscles need to be stronger as an adult to be in the same physical condition as an adolescent to account for the weight. How is this hard to understand?
And I argue because of the lesser bone density of an adolescent, they are in better physical condition than an adult.
It's not bull reasoning. It's physics. Do you want to be the science denier?
Torshin is a member of the NRA. He's donated less than $1,000 to the NRA. This is a nothingburger.
And because it's personal, it qualifies as a high crime or misdemeanor for abuse of office.
And they think GRU can't build an identity?
They we're a very low impact group. Putin would have flipped his shit if they shut down the Miami consulate.
Nope, but you can see her BMI is very low, metabolism very high, and her muscles are slightly overpowered for her mass. That's better physical condition than a 20 year old who must have more muscle mass than average just to be in the same condition as a seven year old, to account for increased weight due to bone density. It's simple physics.
She's way more energy efficient than her mother. She could probably walk a hundred miles if you kept feeding her.
You get it.
It's just you. A seven year old girl like her is in peak physical condition. It would be much easier than if she waited until she was an adult. My six year old girl can do some pretty amazing feats of strength, agility, and endurance. She wants to do parkour and has decided to scale her swingset in as many ways as she can. The rock wall became boring for her at four years old.  And definitely not taking anything away from this girl. It's a major accomplishment. 
Because one stroke of the pen can turn a law abiding, legal gun owner into a felon.
The illegal guns may never be found. The legal guns are easy to find. And that's why the gun control crowd wants to target the legal guns. I think the illegal guns are much more of a problem.
I know. Another redditor pointed me to it. I'm all for that plan.
So am I.
Of course it's dumb.

https://thepathforwardonguns.com/
Find them. Solve that problem.
What NRA connection?
He's very much wrong. An assault rifle has **select fire**.  A rifle with only automatic fire is a machine gun. A select fire rifle has the ability to choose between single shot and fully automatic, or single and burst fire. It has nothing at all to do with a pistol grip. Or scary black rifle features like foregrips or a heat shield. It's very much semantics when you have no idea what you're talking about. The US Army's M14 carbine, is an assault rifle because it has select fire and uses an intermediate cartridge.
Conservatives try to be like Trump.  He'll claim, 'I didn't sleep well, so I'm not paying for the night.'
but the serial numbers are usually filed off. So that doesn't work.
Absolutely the most applicable quote.
give it a few hours. The good man will be out.
Really, do you know where the kid lived? And why it was a bad idea for him to shoot through a door at an intruder who was breaking in? Or are you just making a general assumption based on no information?
Do you know what an assault rifle is?
Someone was coming in who didn't belong there. The kid's instincts were good. And he's alive because of it. But generally, I agree, blindly shooting through a door is a terrible idea.
what is an "assault style rifle"?
Several laws already require schools to 'profile' children. But it's meant for school services like IEPs and the like.  In broward specifically, they try to have as little paperwork as possible on kids so when something does happen, they can claim they didn't know.
>If you're part of a crew, nobody ever tells you that they're going to kill you, doesn't happen that way. There weren't any arguments or curses like in the movies. See, your murders come with smiles, they come as your friends, the people who've cared for you all of your life. And they always seem to come at a time that you're at your weakest and most in need of their help.

--Henry Hill

Trump tries to emulate mobster behavior as much as possible.
Ugh, why is Steve 'Big Douche' Mnuchin the thumbnail for the treasury site?
A six time felon with a gun? If only there was a way we could protect ourselves.
Geneva Conventions Protocol I: Article 51,54 
>[Articles 51 and 54 outlaw indiscriminate attacks on civilian populations, and destruction of food, water, and other materials needed for survival. Indiscriminate attacks include directly attacking civilian (non-military) targets, but also using technology such as biological weapons, nuclear weapons and land mines, whose scope of destruction cannot be limited.[5] A total war that does not distinguish between civilian and military targets is considered a war crime.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protocol_I)

>[Articles 76 and 77, 15 and 79 provide special protections for women, children, and civilian medical personnel, and provide measures of protection for journalists.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protocol_I)
Oh, I see. He fraudulently signed an agreement. Let's get him disbarred for fraud.
That's half a month's worth of rent in that town.
That's pretty high for congress. It's usually around 15%.
Directly funneled to Trump in the form of "business deals" The Palm Beach $90 million dollar home  deal comes to mind.
Congress passed a law, he must do it.
They had to do it. Congress passed a law.
Those are the asteroids as appear on your scope.
Let him keep talking off-script. Encourage him. More evidence is better.
Enough to cause a heart attack.
Something tells me this isn't the last we've seen of Florida man.
They prefer meelee combat.
This is the death knell for Pruitt. Trump always fires them only after expressing confidence in them.
It's a Walther.
If they start getting charged and found guilty for bad shoots, do you still think nothing will change?
I disagree. The wording is so open and full of glaring holes, they can decide to ban something in the moment without altering a word on paper. This even bans several models of hunting rifle and hunting shotguns.
And their definition is exceedingly wrong. 
They're marching against the 20%. 

 https://thepathforwardonguns.com
You're reading the definition, read the text of the ordinance. It says assault weapons with detatchable magazine.
It is heavy. It's a para ordnance P12-45. It came with a 14rd mag from the factory as well as the 12rd mag. It's one of the few 1911's that are double stack.
Those aren't moderates, those are undecideds. They are breeze voters. A lot of them are low information voters.
You're mistaken, Keebler uses cookies to bribe.
What the motherfuck is going on? He wants to remove someone he sees as weak for someone he sees as corrupt?
My 1911 holds 12+1.
He honestly thinks they're going to back down.
Have you ever taken you kids to the park only to find a used condom on the playground equipment, and then have to explain it away to your kids? Trump is the condom. America is the playground.
That doesn't make it *not* an in-kind contribution to his campaign.
Let's air all the dirty laundry.
This thinking is why you get nothing accomplished.
Massachusetts by itself has plenty of violent crime. 
If I could afford a 3d printer, I'd probably make a mag.
That is beyond insane. In Minnesota, people need to hunt.my uncle's family is there. They can't go a  winter without stocking the freezer with venison. So they wanted to ban every single pistol that isn't a revolver. Because a 1911 holds 7+1.
It's because they don't know wtf they are talking about.
It's not the tool, it's the training.
No one makes a larger mag. I've checked.
No, para ordnance P12-45.
https://thepathforwardonguns.com
There a website that shows you a map, called crimemap look it up, put in Los Angeles. There's more crime there than in gun toting Miami.
Does propaganda need to appear to favor one side to be effective?
See, you're doing it right now.
Well, considering it's humanity's most basic tool, you'd think there was one.
Brilliant. I love it.
I think you're describing gun control fanatics.
The way it's written especially with the capital wording defines it as an assault weapon which includes all of those definitions.
especially if you're at the range twice a week.
Well forget all those concealed carry holders training with their weapon. Too expensive and cumbersome. Better just buy some ammo once and just carry. /s
Prove it.  Oh wait, you can't. Stop making stuff up.
You're mistaken. The ban isn't just those explicitly listed. 
You can purchase a title II weapon through a corporate trust.
The ordinance makes it illegal to possess. That means carry or own.
So you support punitive legislation meant only to punish those you don't agree with?
The United States does not have a billion people.
Does it really matter if gay people are labeled gay? Does that somehow change how federal dollars will be spent?
Paying attention and being mindful are different. But that's an acceptable generalization.
You're truly sad to stereotype someone you've never met, on the Internet.
I can't see it as any different than the people pouring paint on fur coats. It's fanaticism. They are the same tactics used by the anti-abortion crazies. Meanwhile I'm over here saying, Don't shove your religion down my throat. Don't shove your politics down my throat. But each time I try to begin the conversation, I'm mocked and derided, just like those you've seen. The gun control crowd are angry, they feel helpless, and they're lashing out any anyone who doesn't agree with them. I don't agree with what they want. The law and history are on my side and it infuriates them. They've got literal poster kids for the movement now and they insist that they're going to win. As if anyone can win with this issue.
For-profit schools are the worst thing to happen in America since the drug war.  I have had to personally train fresh graduates of an IT program at a local for-profit college. They come out of it thinking they have learned something useful to have a career. When they're hired, they have absolutely zero knowledge on the very basics of the job. I think for-profit schools should be outlawed in this country.  
Why does sexual orientation matter on the census? Are they not people too?
We did that in 1934. It worked.
The world is. And just because your bubble may not, does not mean "the world" is safe. How about I drop you off outside a cartel village in guatemala? Would the world be safe for you? You are exceptionally privileged to feel safe where you live. The world is a dangerous place for many people.
Mobile voice typing. 
I do have a chainsaw. And I only use it once a year. 20 miles west of me, there's alligators, deer, boar, coyotes, bears, and lions. 10 miles east there is drug dealers, human trafficking, face eating drug addicts, people trying to run you off the road, and all sorts of the worst humanity has to offer. I have to go in both directions.
Who is president?
My mind is perfectly fine. I'm not afraid. I just don't pretend that I'm safe.
Tell that to the chamber of commerce who slaps the Chicago name on all the hotels.
I'm not in fear. I just don't delude myself into thinking that I'm safe while outside my home.
They just don't understand how to effectively regulate. Their fear is driving them to madness.
You would. And I think that is what our forefathers intended. But I simply don't agree that everyone should have access to machine guns.
Here here! We should probably form or own group of moderate gun owners.

**EDIT** Hear Hear! mobile voice typing strikes again!
Hicap mag ban is useless. 
See, I keep reading "SAW" as squad automatic weapon. 
I have never voted for a republican in my life 
You must live in a "safe" town.
Then you could just buy new magazines. No one tracks magazines.
Your question is kind of faulty logic. I don't believe we can document a mass shooting stopped by someone with a gun because if someone had a gun, there wouldn't be a mass shooting.

My work takes me all over the Southern part of the state. I am alone. And I have to enter businesses after hours. Some of these neighborhoods have been pretty dangerous.  One of the last straws for me was while working inside of a business, one that deals with a lot of cash, I had a car waiting outside parked next to mine at 1:30 in the morning. They had no business being there. I called the police and had to wait more than half an hour for them to show up. And the police convinced them to GTFO. But I thought to myself, what if the car was waiting in a place where I couldn't see them? And they decided to ambush me? That's why I carry. I want to go home to my family. And My job isn't meant to be dangerous, but sometimes it takes me to dangerous places at dangerous hours.
The "promo" was written by Boris Epshteyn and Sebastian Gorka. It's specifically meant to target other news not deemed pro-trump.
In my neighborhood my wife used to walk at night. Until she was followed by two meth heads, she felt safe.
I know better. 
My 1911 is banned because it's doublestack and holds 12. A 1911A1 holds 7+1
my carry pistol holds 8+1. There are no larger mags for it.
I am for stronger background checks and mandatory training as well. But bans like this one are effectively "all guns" because it was written by someone who didn't have the knowledge to accurately understand what it was he was banning.
And that is effectively Chicago. I live in Miami, but not the city of Miami.
If your thinking makes its way into law, we've got a problem. And it's the sort of ignorance which makes us roll our eyes. It's an important distinction to make especially if the mistake is being made by lawmakers who don't know what they're talking about.
Who is Carlos? Why are you using a Hispanic name as a hypothetical bad guy? And why are you assuming that some random guy is going to start shooting because he gets angry?  People around you in public have guns on them. You don't know it. That's the point. And if your hypothetical bad guy starts shooting, what will you do? And if a hypothetical good guy is carrying a gun and decides to save your life from your hypothetical bad guy, would you thank him? Or would you get angry because he had a gun? At least you'd have the chance to be angry.
No, but that's not a bad idea. An assault rifle is one which has [select fire.](http://www.guns.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Colt-SBR2.jpg)
I carry a 3.75" SOG. I was able to carry it while working there because it's part of my job. But yes. Illegal.
I said certain units. But that's not always the case. After the west hollywood incident years ago, LAPD started issuing ARs to more than just SWAT.
Yes.
I reference that specific case of the kid at Disney world who was drowned by an alligator. Those parents complacency allowed that to happen. I've taken my family to that same place around those same waters. I have never let my kid wander near the water because I know there are alligators. These people assumed it was safe since it's Disney world. That's what I'm talking about. This assumption that nothing bad can happen allows people to let down their guard. And be it alligator or mugger or getting hit by a car, it's the same. I'm saying to everyone, be vigilant. Be mindful of where you are and who is around you. Be aware of what could happen and how to potentially avoid it. 
It functions as a license if questioned. But you're right it's not a license.
Of course they are. But the musket argument is disingenuous.
If you never feel safe, you live your life with intent and purpose and valuing life.
They are not.
It's a tax stamp.
Pistols don't use clips. They use magazines. As to AR-15s. Clips are used in the M1 Garand.
Uberti Cattleman or the Walch Navy 12.
I agree with you 100%. I'm not opposed to any of that. That's the problem. You assume I don't want reasonable regulations. Of course I want reasonable regulations.
No, see you're mistaking me for a gun nut. I'm a gun owning liberal democrat. Most gun owners are willing to compromise. But you'd have to invite us to the discussion and yourselves be willing to compromise.
And yet a lot of people around you have guns. I am in Miami. It's not safe to leave doors unlocked. I have to have security cameras up. There are places where having a gun is the best thing I can do to protect my family.

And honestly I don't care if it makes other people feel less safe that I have a gun. I care that it makes my loved ones feel safer.
I have a problem with everyone having guns. I don't have a problem with the right people having guns. 
It's like they went to Call of Duty to check which guns it had, and just put those.
This is true. But now with the militarization of police, they receive specialized tactical training. Certain units have M4 rifles in the trunk of their cars.
There was a time when I used to go to the gun range with a buddy of mine. He had a lot of Title II weapons. Full machine guns. We'd go and have fun at the range. The sheriff's range was literally across a fence. If they tried to use what we were using, they'd go to jail. Now the police have military equipment meant to fight wars. And we don't. They use sniper rifles and machine guns and tanks against a populace which has none of those things. They use assault rifles and we have none. I have a picture of me about 12 years old holding an MP5 submachine gun. That was thirty years ago. I went to family day at the local police station where my uncle was a detective. SWAT had submachine guns and tanks then. We did not. I definitely think we should be pushing for demilitarization of the police.
You're saying that it's paranoia to keep a loaded weapon in your house. And you say that in doing so, you become "increasingly dangerous to your neighbors."  I'm curious why you think me keeping a loaded weapon is a danger to my neighbors? Tim McVeigh was a crazy fucker who should not have had guns. But the guns didn't make him crazy or paranoid. And he didn't use them for a mass attack.

As the other dude, I routinely see parents letting their little kids jump around in the back of their cars in Miami traffic. I travel all over the state for work, by myself at all hours. I see neighborhoods in which I don't think I'd be safe without carrying.  We're not refusing to work on a solution. You're unwilling to work on a solution. And by claiming that us owning guns is trading human lives, you're insulting us and furthering your unwillingness to listen. Good guys with guns don't commit mass shootings. Bad guys with guns very rarely do. But you want to make laws that affect every gun owner good and potentially bad. And your argument is that we should be willing to "give a little" to save lives. Why should we give an inch when you are unwilling to give or listen?
name some that are still allowed?
banned.
For shotguns, any shotgun that can accept either a detachable magazine or holds more than five rounds.
And that's the danger of not inviting the other side to the table.
You have to register with the BATFE and pay the tax stamp and get a title II license. But yes. You can legally own one of those. [the M134 vulcan.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minigun)
They're trying to redefine assault weapon to mean scary black rifles.  But yes, the NFA of 1934 bans assault weapons from civilian use without a Tittle II tax stamp and an open invitation to the BATFE.
They don't understand. 'Nothing's ever happened to them, so no one needs guns.' This thinking is what we're fighting.
so you're not willing to actually back up your claims that you feel so safe in your city that you don't lock your doors?
I'm afraid you're mistaken on that pistol. It takes 10 rounds. Wouldn't be banned.

[but here's a 12 shot revolver that wouldn't be banned.](https://www.uberti-usa.com/1873-cattleman-22-revolver)
Boston did. No one stopped them.

It's illegal to carry a pocket knife longer than 2" in the city of boston unless required for work.
Which city do you live in?
Of course it will be. SCOTUS has precedent set that no firearm can be banned if it's in popular and common usage.
My Para Ordnance P12 1911 would be banned under these rules. It's no longer made and I can't get less than a 12 round mag for it. So, a handgun which is in extremely common usage is banned because people want the illusion of feeling safe.
It's Chicago. This literally does nothing about guns.
I get the feeling this was personal, local politics. As if someone on the city council really didn't like someone he knew owned AR-15s.
It's not meant to increase safety. It's security theater. And we know that security theater isn't the same as security.

I'm the type of person who thinks you shouldn't feel safe in public. If you feel safe, you end up letting your four year old wade into alligator infested waters. Maybe that's a bit of a low blow, but it's true. My wife and I call it the disneyfication of America. This sense that nothing bad could possibly happen leads people to complacency. Complacency leads to vulnerability. At that point, you're daring fate to fuck up your life. Always plan for the worst.  Now in Deerfield, Illinois, people are going to have a sense of safety that isn't justified. I mean, it's Chicago.
It's the only way they can take over. By inserting local party leaders into the communities, they can indoctrinate the populace using people that are trusted.
It will be a henhouse with no doors.
Yes. They banned all semi-automatic handguns that can "accept larger than 10-round magazines". That means pretty much all handguns.

Wait until someone tells them there's a 12-shot revolver.
His response is almost robotic.
They voted to ban all semiautomatic weapons that can accept more than 10 rounds.  Your standard glock 17 is banned.
Where's Jon Stewart when we need him?  Someone get the bat signal!
They make it look like they are doing great by raising wages slightly. But they pay for it by laying off thousands of people and closing stores.
Wages don't go up, at least not in my sector. In my sector, they file enough H-1B visas to bring over a skeleton crew to train and then send them home to build new departments.
He will just shift the blame to "illegals" and others.

He will make policies which are worse than we can imagine all in the name of MAGA. And he will gain new followers as people suffer. And those who can't remember a time when people had jobs with salaries and benefits will think it's perfectly normal to have to hustle multiple gigs to make ends meet. And the very notion of benefits from a job will finally die the final death wished for by so many economic terrorists over the past three decades.
So you disagree that we killed main street to save wall street? And that the middle class was replaced by the gig economy?
I honestly don't feel bad that you had trouble following. 
He did say something like, "I alone, can save you".
Reminds me of the classic "yo momma" joke. She so fat, she broke her leg and gravy poured out.
You definitely have a point. But consider the erosion of the middle class that bought NAFTA. The entire erosion of our economy has bought globalization. After 2008, they downsized America. They figured they no longer needed the people. Now they just use their money to make money. America's number one export is money. It's the only thing we really make anymore. Everything else is just a means to more money. If someone decided to wipe out the entire NY stock exchange and all backups, we'd be living in the stone ages.
They still won't get it. They don't get that even beavers could cause billions of dollars in damage to an entire city.
I was gonna say gravy.
It's sad that this is fun, but Ted Cruz isn't even that bad by humanity's standards. But it sure is easy to dislike him. He and his party have devolved into disingenuous, egocentric, fascists.
A portable is a classroom made from a double wide trailer. You can park it where you need it. It's how schools add classrooms without construction. And the window is a window on a portable.
The flock wants to feel safe, but you risk turning all the shepherds into sheep for the sake of the sheep. Then the flock is vulnerable.
Well, all of South FL is equally bad. But Miami Dade schools has its own police Dept. And placed metal detectors and single entries after Newtown. Even in good neighborhoods.
Complicit in giving that access to those who would do harm.
Is it "literally impossible"? Are you working with all the facts? I don't think it's impossible. Some people who have guns, shouldn't. Some people who want guns shouldn't get them. That's a defined problem. You're thinking that your proposed solution is the only possible solution because you can't think of a better way. Your argument is the best solution to prevent a crime is to prevent everyone from having a tool that could potentially be used to commit that crime but is useful for other purposes. Humans either invent new tools or use old ones. Your logic is not sound. I challenge you to think of a better way.
Israel. Idf is gunning down unarmed civilians dozens at a time. And yes, the stats you're working with contain justified homicide.
I'm making a statement about discourse on the issue. If you can only think of it in terms of harming an individual, you're doing it wrong.
You can keep waiting.
I own my business. I just profit from new CIOs.
The fact that I've been downvoted seems to indicate that gun control advocates are looking to negatively impact gun owners. Do you want to punish us for some perceived slight against you?
I think the better question is, what can you do that will actually solve the problem without negatively impacting anyone?
I think part of rehabilitation is atonement. He's obviously never had to face up to any of his past behavior.
Facebook is designed to lure people into giving up that information in exchange for "services". It also enabled 3rd parties to partake in the free for all. Facebook is complicit.
I don't think it matters if he's the same person he was. He needs to understand how his actions caused another emotional trauma. And he needs to understand that the policies he enacts today will only result in the same kind of torture going unpunished for other kids. And enough is enough.
When you admit your ideology is flawed garbage.
it's 12-14.  My middle school was a racially charged nightmare.

We were bussed into a predominantly black neighborhood for middle school because our local school was undergoing asbestos removal. During those three years, it wasn't uncommon to be attacked by black kids for being a "cracker". The last day of school was commonly referred to as "cracker day" where white kids would be routinely beat up just for being white. The administration was all black and usually dealt with it with suspensions for those that were caught.

I remember a kid in that school who couldn't seem to move on. He was 15 and a half and built like Mike Tyson. He ended up tossing a Broward Sheriff's deputy out of a portable window and was only subdued because one of the vice principals used to play linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings. And while it sounds like a crazy story, there are many like mine. Total nightmare time in my life.
>The adviser, DJ Gribbin, is leaving to pursue "new opportunities," the official said.

Did he get a hot tip on new opportunities while in service of the people of the United States? Should he be running out to profit from his inside knowledge so quickly?
I agree with you. But don't tell the angry masses who insist that everyone who has a gun is a danger to society. 
Vendor lock-in. Those things were purpose-built for Oracle. The cost of upgrading a 20 year old system keeps businesses afraid and suckling on maintenance contracts.
Oracle was a power house two decades ago. Oh how the mighty have fallen.
This is very true. But is Trump colluding with Oracle to steal business from Amazon? I think that's a high crime or misdemeanor.
That's way more than seven syllables. I'm starting to think you're no poet.
Just because you put in one line saying you support their agenda doesn't mean it's ok to think that because some think of teaching as a calling means it's ok to think of teaching as a calling with all the trappings that go along. I understood your comment fine. And that thinking is part of the problem.
They have though. Look at California and suburbs of Chicago. Residents of Deerfield, Illinois have 13 days to remove their "assault rifles" from the village or be fined $1,000 a day.
So, because of human nature, you'd deny rights to everyone? So let's apply your logic to other amendments in the bill of rights. Because someone is going to yell 'fire' in a crowded theater, we'd better prevent people from saying what they want. Because someone is going to kidnap a kid, we'd better prevent people from having solid walls that you can't see through. Because someone is going to drink and drive, we'd better prevent everyone from buying alcohol and cars.

Your fear doesn't supercede my right. You deal with your fear in a way that doesn't affect me, and I'll exercise my right in a way that doesn't affect you.
Touted by whom? Not the gun industry. It's being touted by gun control advocates.
My 'agenda' is for people to calm down, think, and assess.
I don't think they're being manipulated. I've had plans to build my own AR-15 that I've been considering moving up for the sole reason that I may not be able to do so later. And that's over my first choice of a Springfield M1A Scout. Do you think I'm being manipulated? I don't think so. I'm not one that's easily manipulated by anyone but my daughter. And as we've discussed before I don't think banning guns is the solution. Address the causes and take some reasonable stopgap measures to prevent gun violence. But don't deny rights to good people because others are scared. No individual's rights are more important than another's. And this nation is realizing this isn't the safe world or country they thought it was. In a world where bad guys exist, we need good guys.
How much do you want to bet, they're using these market disruptions to expand their portfolios?
Why do you attack people with nonsense?
They're not profiting from victims. They're profiting from the fear of overreaction.
Everything after the word 'dumbfounded' is unnecessary.
Really? Our immigration problem is so bad we need military action? I can only hope they simply tell him no.
What a geek!
let's look at that claim. How can you tell who a nutjob is, so we can prevent them from buying assault rifles?
You keep thinking that. We shouldn't be removing anything from the bill of rights. Because if a public movement can dismantle part of the bill of rights, it can dismantle the entire bill of rights. You place trust that people will do the right thing, but they won't.
You are part of the problem.  They're not willing to martyr themselves, nor should they have to. Your reply is offensive. Finding fulfillment and purpose in your job doesn't mean you should be thanking the 'state' for the privilege of doing it. They and society should be thanking teachers.
And the cause of car accidents is cars? I don't follow your logic.
How did Arizona pan out?
We? You got a mouse in your pocket, McMaster? You meant Trump.
"accidentally".

Sure. Not like they're gearing up for armed conflict.
Anyone notice how conservatives have really small junk?
They'll still blame the teachers.
Here's the truth, living on a teacher's salary is incredibly difficult. I know, because my wife is a teacher. 

Here's a fun fact for you. The janitor that cleans my wife's classroom makes double her salary. And my wife is in the middle of the pay scale. This is partly because SEIU is a much better union. Also partly because the nation's attitude is fuck teachers. They think teaching is a calling which requires a vow of poverty. And a vow of selflessness. Teaching is a shit profession kids, become a janitor, they earn more. Become a sanitation worker, they earn more. Become an unskilled laborer, they earn more. Don't become a teacher. The parents disrespect you, society disrespects you, and your employer will repeatedly disrespect you. Even if you're a great teacher, you won't get paid a decent wage. You won't get paid decent benefits. And there's a good chance that your union is just as corrupt as your school board.
They don't need no edumacation.
Not alike and very condescending.
When they find the evidence that he ordered collusion, probably. Trump knows how to cheat well. It's one of his only skills.
YouTube caused it's own trouble. First they enabled people to earn a living on their platform. Then they decided to fuck with peoples' living with arbitrary decisions. I'm not shocked this happened. But then I'm not easily shocked. I always expect the worst from people.
She ran a website on which she complained about YouTube demonetizing her videos.
I'm the one trying to remind people to stay calm. School shootings are not an epidemic. But one is too many. I'm not the one here showing anger at gun owners for owning guns. We have issues that can be addressed. Let's address them. But I'm the one saying guns are not the cause of these problems.
Suicides will still happen. I read a politifact article which stated that suicides by other methods rose after California implemented restrictive gun control laws.
Why do you mock? Do you not have anything real to add to the conversation?
So let's prevent the *asshole* from buying a gun.
And he deleted the post.
That's gun nut talk. I'm a gun owning liberal.

Increased background checks are going to work. Mandatory NCIC reporting by states is going to work. Bans are not the solution. Red flag laws are. And he's absolutely right about criminals. There are too many ways to get illegal guns as it stands. 

We also need to address the causes of gun violence. A mandatory mental health history before purchase will work. I think it's disingenuous to lump in suicides with gun homicide. It's simply not going to make an effect on public safety. If the goal is to reduce suicides, come up with solutions that address the causes. Limiting methods isn't going to fix that problem. It's only going to delay the inevitable.

A ban is making the assumption that anyone who has a particular weapon is a threat to public safety. I think the answer is to mandate safety training before purchase. 

And finally, the last thought of this article is about safe storage. While I agree safe storage is responsible, everyone's situation is different. It's not an effective, tenable solution. And one of those laws was used to piggyback an AR-15 ban this week. I'm asking a legitimate question that all gun owners should be asking; Why do you want to ban *my* guns? Why should *I* be able to own them?
I'm coming to the table. Will you listen?
Not unless the governor declared a state of emergency.
Dana "товарищ" Rohrabacher wastes no time.
That's funny, because I immediately linked it to YouTube changing it's policy regarding gun channels.
Sale violates the language of their GD agreement perhaps?
05/19/2017 Star Citizen Newsletter - Aegis Eclipse On "Promotion" Now!
They can't, by law, do that.
They've been operating ranches on the border for decades. I don't think they're going to let the military waltz in and take control of their land.
They would have to have permission. But something tells me ranchers aren't keen on the military taking up positions on their property.
soldiers quartering in houses translates to occupying private property.
Maybe it's not the crimes they're ignoring. Maybe it's you. Maybe you "report" too many "crimes" and you've lost your credibility with the agency.
These students are starting to realize that security theater is all they're going to get. And it's pointless. Clear backpacks don't make them feel safe as well as invade their privacy. Perhaps they can finally realize it's time to address the causes of gun violence and not the symptoms.
They still can't violate the 4th Amendment.
The US military cannot conduct missions on US soil that involves quartering on private property. And there are plenty of private lands on the border.
That wouldn't be legal.
Cold war's back.
Only the ones you read.
So there's a law that says if they're afraid, they can just kill a person just so they feel safe? That would classify as a war crime if the military decided to use that rationale. Seriously, what the fuck is wrong with police today? It's not supposed to be a safe job. You're supposed to put your life at risk to protect and serve. That's the call. This, I was afraid, so I emptied my mag is to the scary person, bullshit has to stop. It's an epidemic. If you're afraid, deal with it, without taking an innocent life.
Then you need to educate yourself on the cost of your mistake
Isn't this violating national security?
I am pro 2nd Amendment, but I, unlike you, voted responsibly.
Which issue?
unregulated capitalism grows monopolies. But damn, FOX is a shitty corporation.
You assume there was a quality control team. The designer should have known this could happen. It's called engineering. He failed at it. The kid died because the designer failed.
It's Hydra. Sinclair is Hydra.
Honestly, given Disney's history, would them owning FOX be such a bad thing? I mean their news arm is still reputable.
I think we might be seeing the beginning of a new era, where those responsible are held responsible.
Hah.

"This is Murica, we speak English" --Also GOP, probably