This is my exact situation as well...
How would this work when sitting down?
Our production company uses guitar stands.
Elon will save us.
In line with this. There are many websites services I have used that display ads when you don't pay... I often go into the web page and just remove the ad section.

  


Works until you refresh.
First time? Wasn't there a whole period where they ran entirely on burning witches?
i need the blueprint!!!
Yeah, took 18 matches.. kept doing of the bat without finding weapons. Also needed to get in the headspace of using the machines..
There's dozens of us
My precision m6600 would like a word with you. One of the best laptops I've ever owned.
That's a lapel badge magnetic clip.
A guy feel asleep near us and started snoring...
Samsung has been in development of a Chromebook just like this one. Detachable with stylus. Code name: Nautilus.
Samsung should announce the Nautilus soon...
4k keep the sun still and make the waves loop!!!! Yeah!!!
Good to know, I'll take this into account when deciding wether or not to buy this.
The Nautilus will most likely be EMR if you can wait for Samsung to announce it..
To play devil's advocate a bit, its not running Windows. It should have way fewer issues...

Edit:
Guys I'm not bashing win10. I'm a huge windows 10 fan. But some manufacturers have a hard time marrying hardware with software, providing driver updates, security updates, etc. 

It should be a little bit more of a streamline process for HP on chrome than windows..
Oh yeah! Finally, feels like I've been waiting 2yrs...

  


I am curious if Samsung is gonna play catch-up now and announce the Nautilus.
I see so many people saying they see tons of bots, how do you know they are bots?
If you turn your phone sideways, there is a sensor inside the phone that can detect its orientation. If you hold the phone on it's side (left or right) the sensor tells the camera software that it is on it's side and the interface rotates so you can take pictures and videos in a way that they will look good on basically every screen that isn't a phone...
I see 3 large black 'X's
RIP
You're hurting me. Please stop
Yeah so did the ticwatch. Which wasn't even listed in the update list
Pros and cons.

My solution to A has been finding a career path that is entirely centered on taking new projects with a quick turnaround.

I have given up on B. Send help
I like how in the thumbnail the shadow of the guy is still there
Seconded
This tablet is specifically designed for schools so I'm assuming it has full parental controls. But I can't say for sure.
Surprised no mentions of shed 17 yet...
I think a lot of their problems come from the fact that they like the deformable armor if you look at Kerbal Space Program that's an intense physical simulator as well however they don't use some of the features of space engineers that makes it incredibly taxing even though Kerbal Space Program from the outside might look like a more complex game due to its scale and mechanics.
he said in the last stream the goal of Space engineers as it stands is to finish squashing bugs and get it stable, but new features will more than likely not be added, the more features they add now the more things will get broken and need troubleshooting and bug fixes, he said space engineers may continue as a new game. but they dont discuss plans of new games ahead of time, he likes just dropping it.
this probably wont ever happen, he has said many times he is happy having the modders fill this gap for him..
this has been answered by him and the developers and modders 1000 times.. Hes not going to get into a code savvy explanation in the interview. also as this is groundbreaking tech, hes probably not going to divulge the details.

Klang is a direct result of this game being like no other game ever made. Its a real physics simulation. the code being written to make it run well on an average joe pc is incredibly new and difficult...

It will take lots of time to iron out the bugs...

I know not everyone is a coding expert, but suffice to say, this game is a monumental undertaking, Its a miracle it works as well as it does..
1. he just wants a sandbox, he refers to a sandbox as a game..

2. he wants a sandbox that looks like an fps but doesn't play like one..
all other things he is fine having modders handle.

3. he said he doesn't like posting roadmaps anymore.

4. he said next major update will still mostly be more optimizations.


this was somewhat addressed, he really believes in letting modders take care of a lot of those things...
Glad to hear it. As someone who is taking the plunge as well, I'm nerv-cited
It's true. I know exactly what you mean..
We're a niche demo, but there are dozens of us that want an detachable tablet Ultrabook with stylus and with thunderbolt 3 for egpu...
You know someone built this thinking: "the nerds are gonna love this"
I agree. If enough people have issue it should be optional.
At least we have mods until such time...

My previous comments stemmed from the fact I just didn't understand people's issue. I thought people meant it wasn't realistic...
Thanks for explaining your viewpoint. I hadn't thought of that...

Thankfully for you and other with similar issues we have the mods to adjust the visuals...


People keep posting these "overblown" white reflections as if they are bad...

How many times have you been able to directly look at something white that is reflecting the sun??

It makes sense for it to be like that. That's why it looks better...

Look at how the bottom white ramp is not as bright. It's not reflecting the sun into your eyes... 

Also the engines have chrome rings... highly reflective.


It looks how it should


I guess people want a slider to make it less realistic... IDK. I don't get it.


EDIT: I was under the impression people thought it wasn't realistic, i see that people just find it unpleasant...
I think it could work actually
No. They are being courageous
Why do that when you can work 7 12hr days...
Fair enough. 

I really like that vivo is thinking outside the box. The Apex is a great price of concept. 

I'm a video production technician. So cutting out a section of the screen is like inconceivable...

As long as the aspect ratio adjusts so that a standard 16:9 can be offset so it doesn't actually cut into the video than I don't really care... 
That's somehow worse than a giant notch
Can we please stop with the notch... It's so stupid!
Whatever I end up going with, it front facing stereo speakers... I can't go back to cupping my phone to hear.
what is the blueprint website. i cant find it...
Detachable tablet style Chromebook with stylus support.
Samsung is currently developing it.

Im hanging on to every bit of news. It's the only reason I haven't bought the surface yet...
I started playing around with the visual scripting tool awhile back.. it's not too hard to learn without any programming knowledge. I have a little bit. Just basics.

I found out how to basically spawn things in based on trigger points. Obviously it goes way more in depth .. but even with that specific ability you could make your own campaign.

The annoying part being you have to save the world and the script and that's how you share them...

It's not super workshop friendly.
Please be a chrome tablet!!!
I need a project Nautilus update really bad. Please announce it Samsung!!! I can't wait...
Exactly, I have Google notification when news comes out about it..

It's the only reason I haven't bought a surface yet...
How do I sign up for the beta?
Also I can't swipe out the drawer and slide to category without lifting my finger in SL3
As soon as a detachable tablet with a stylus comes out... I'm all over it! This is great!
theres a suicide burn script
Let's do this people!!!
/r/firstcontactfail
Haha. I just watched this episode.
I don't want anything that wipes out 17 seasons of episodes...
The dialogue in that movie was not good at all. I ended up laughing at even the serious lines...

The only thing I liked about id2 was the ending where the plot was supposed to be teased for the next film. 

The whole, alien races forming a resistance. Such a cool idea for a story.
Oh that's right. I forgot how it ended, I just latched on to the idea of it being on the moon!!!
I hope joe read this...
Oh man I've wanted that to happen for so long...
We will rally!!!
Oh man. I'm so hopeful for a new series. To be honest I think just the premise of bringing Atlantis to earth and having it be a base on the moon opens a huge pathway for awesome new stories...

The people of earth need to know about the gate already...
It was on his official blog... I don't remember the title..
do stretches of footage sped up to 300%
360? ooh i gotta check this out on my daydream phone...
you have to use the SEToolbox tool
made up? blasphemy!!!!
universe just got good too.. and atlantis was about to blow everyones mind...

but those werent really syfy's fault. it was MGM dropping the ball.
My wife and I just restarted watching Atlantis again... I recently found your blog post that basically outline what happens after the season cliffhanger.
 That gave me some much needed closure, thank you for being an awesome producer and being so good to the fans!
It's not a super wide audience... But they might sponsor you if you ask..
Check with the people who created NOLO VR.

I know they really want devs to make games that work with their system.. they may pay to have you support it.

Also I have a NOLO and can provide feedback as well...

Also I'm a 3D modeler, graphic designer, video editor, vfx compositor, and sound fx designer if you need help...
I did all the sound fx and audio mixing for [this trailer](https://youtu.be/rY_D1nFJEL8)
Oh yeah, sign me up as well
You're the best, we don't deserve you.
Just a heads up OP. Vmix is great but it's pretty expensive for what you are doing...
Seconded, OBS it's really great and free and there's lots of tutorials on YouTube.
Oh man I'd pay good money for a good daydream space rpg.

Is the controller going to be used like a joystick or like a gamepad?
To be honest, I would love USB gamepad support
I literally just made a new one cause I didn't like the rough areas from the supports
Oh snap. I got tired of waiting and loved the design so much I copied it. Sort of
the FOV is way to high for a cinematic... turn that stuff down man. other than that nice stuff

you are really good at sharing screenshots and video snippets... 

quick question... can you share the blueprint please?
ill take 2!


no seriously, can i have the blueprint?


This is really great!
Oh my goodness. At this point just wire it up to a USB port...
Will he be posting on Reddit?
Thanks for the info. Also rocking the Axon 7 btw. Tech brothers.
I have the model with the upgraded processor

I'll poke around. 

The outdated Android 5.1 or whatever is showing it's age...
So I have a chuwi hi 10pro. It currently is dual boot of windows and Android 5.0 

So technically I could install this and it would work because the drivers are already supported on the Linux kernel right?
I personally think the planet looked better in the before. But if that's a symptom of changing something else I'm cool with it n
This would make more sense on the hydrogen thrusters.

Honestly I've hated all the thruster effects since day one. Any reason we can't mod in engines with better effects?
I have a remote that I wrapped the diode in aluminum foil so that it's directional. Really helps.
Actually the core was new and this was flight 2 for both boosters.
yeah in the stream you could hear them say something like core engine start defect... right at the time it was supposed to start its landing burn... its too bad, but that middle core was the most complex change they had i believe. the outer boosters and the top second stage are old hat at this point, though one of the big hurdles they were expecting was the decoupling mechanism for the side boosters... so thats a big win there.  also the long coast is another big hurdle 
no, just play kerbal space program, thats what elon does
haha, pink came with the printer, havent run out yet... i love the pink, she's getting tired of it cause everything is pink now...

I'll upload the file once I verify the charger magnet fits properly.
Can we meme the trombone player towards the end too?
This is a pretty major bug...
Yup
Hero!!!
I don't see glasses, must have dirty contacts..
I love the new fx. Even the bloom. The only one I don't like is the dirty helmet and that when the visor goes up it doesn't change
the lcd bloom has been bad for a long time, i use the lcd remove bloom mod...

Neither does my ticwatch E, but the reward cards I have that just use a barcode normally on my phone in Android pay, I can display them on my watch with this app
Oh yeah, works from watch
If your like me and use reward card barcodes in Android pay (on your phone), wear codes, is a great app. Let's you display barcodes and QR codes
*your device isn't compatible with this version*
Details. I just got mine and it's fine... Is it burning in... I have ambient turned off
There's also a Valentine's day code as well right now for 20% off.

Also I have a referral code for $20 off your purchase. 

DBCLCB
Just received mine yesterday. Really liking it. Biggest downside for me is lack of NFC. But I'll live.

Also have to say the watchband is the most comfortable one I've ever worn.

Also I have a referral code for $20 off your purchase. 

DBCLCB
See comment I just posted.
Its hard to make out. But there is a rim around the outside of the glass that is magnifying the outermost pixels. That's why you can't see it when black or dark. It will be most visible with white, because it will be magnifying and showing you the red green and blue parts of the pixels that are on full brightness when white. Because it takes RGB in equal amounts to make white. 

I have the ticwatch E. It does the same thing.
Copy that thanks
How is 2.0 working with nolo currently?
Nolo?
Throw a gray scale gradient on it and pop it in fusion 9 and displace that junk. Boom.
Honestly, I can't stand lav mics, I much prefer using  [these](https://goo.gl/images/mLvtVd)

We use these especially if someone is wearing something that you can't lav easily, good to have some laying around in case. 
You have to pay a $80 deductable to replace
Sorry, mis typed. It *hasn't* gone up yet
My favorite play style as well. My favorite server went down last week and hasn't gone back up...
Me too, but it's quite the undertaking. A lot of technologies have to work perfectly together to make this work at all... I'm not envious of the engineers working on this...
That sounds awesome. I literally have just started diving into the 3d part of vfx just recently..
Learned how to make an animated physics simulated custom flag in blender...

Also getting my hands dirty with fusion 9 currently...

Both are a far cry from the normal after effects stuff...

Been using blender off and on again for basic uv mapping for several years... Looking to get more experienced...


Anyway, yeah I'm not there yet, but I wish you the best on this venture..
neo 80's synthwave
I was making that my first year in a new career, but couldn't handle the politics and the time away from home. 5yrs later I left.

Started over in a semi related industry that my skills transferred over to. Now I'm making just over 40k... But I had racked up some credit payments that I was totally good for at that job. and now I'm struggling to pay them off.

Also not having spending money was an adjustment...
With you there. 3 at the office, 2 at home. Wish I had this thing!!!
i think its an illusion. my desk is not standard height, its a bit lower and my chair leans back a bunch.. the monitors are tilted down a little. hard to make out...
It's actually a cheap semi RGB keyboard I'm currently looking for a replacement
Haha I think it's an illusion. They are tilted down a little bit because my chair reclines a little too aggressively
Cheap, I'm currently looking for a replacement
The RGB strip is just like a $10 one off of Amazon and the bracket is actually just a standard vesa to dual vesa adapter that I just straight mounted on the wall. Both very easy to find. The adapter brand name was Vivo
Cool! Can't wait to see it in action!
i had a customer service explain it to me when i didnt get why their prices were cheaper online, they said it had to do with the amount of stock they had. the store doesnt have as much or cant get as much so the price is higher but online you just ship it...

so then i asked why they were allowed to price match with their online inventory, she didnt have a good reason, just said they had to..
this might be a symptom of turrets being broken in the latest update since that mod is a turret..
wait till fix comes out in a few hours...
where in the world is the QA???
We were talking about planet nomads
That's the really frustrating part, it could be potentially so amazing but the number of projects that they do at once and pet projects being picked up and dropped, it's crazy. So much unfulfilled potential.
But multiplayer is just one of the many things they said they would have and then didn't fulfill on...
Seconded Skywanderers, go watch as much as you can on that one. I've been a part of it for a year now. It has the most potential and an amazing developer!
There are a few rcs mods
Agreed. There's no reason to make the top speeds different... The only one that would make sense to me is atmosphere flight. Speed cap for the jet engines in atmo depending on how high up you are. That would make more sense to me...

 Might even help with speed mods. Being on planets and going 200m/s doesn't make for great performance always.. but with a speed cap for atmo thrusters. It would be semi realistic and a balance for the speed mods..
Something I've been wanting to see is an escape POS system where your pod has a decent amount of cargo space and if you're in the cockpit of your ship, you start the abandon protocol, and the system will dump as much components it can into your pod by the time you get to it and launch...


I've been in a few situations where I bit off more than I could chew and had to leave my sweet sweet inventory behind...

Sometimes if you get far enough away quickly enough and come back, your ship will be wrecked but the enemy will have despawned and you can claim what little is left...



Really nice ship BTW, I subscribed!
Just wanted to mention after over a yr, mine is still working.. though I printed mine vertically.
Just wanted to mention after over a yr, mine is still working.. though I printed mine vertically.
I printed mine vertically over a yr ago. Still rocking it.
Dude! Nice!.. I printed mine vertically...

 https://www.reddit.com/r/functionalprint/comments/409zw0/ice_cream_scoop_gear_teeth_broke_quick_modeled_a/

This happened to be the first print that sold my wife on the 3D printer. Haha
Even The Orville is a better trek series than Discovery. IMO
I'm a fujj man myself...

link?
go ahead and take a look at what Alfie posted, but to me it sounds like you want this:
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1210578673
Dang, still no playable Motorstorm...
I really liked season 2 of universe, but 1 was rough...

I always thought it was funny how the 200th episode made fun at the edgy teen drama idea of Stargate, and it was a joke, but then that was basically the 1st season in universe..
My wife and I have these headphones, can I ask for this file incase they break
The prosecutor said that the report was filled out as occurring in the plaza, therefore in that case even if he was in the park it doesn't matter anymore, the cop filled it out wrong. Inadmissible.

Same goes for speeding tickets, if the report doesn't have the radar name and speed read on it, it's inadmissible.

Gotta fill out the paperwork...
a good chunk of these are solved with mods... but i think you would need a supercomputer to handle 100-500 players on a server...
Seeing as Qualcomm said it's a non issue, we should be fine...
awe man, good deal. wish i was proficient in C#...
well, if your intern needs someone to make the models... i can help with that...
There's a mod that is called grid integrity that basically calculates the overall damage done to a grid, and if it crosses a certain threshold the whole grid explodes...
wasn't expecting to go to space today,

i kept poking around and i found a bunch of presets that are essentially the full songs in KSP...
Try your hand at pirating, I personally don't last long if I stick to mining gameplay... The automated drilling platform mod will mine stone, the refinery turns it to gravel, and the centrifuge mod will pull small amounts of all the ores out of the gravel, while im away trying to capture cargo ships, and the moisture vaporizer mod will very slowly pull ice out of the air, those mods replace having to build unreliable mining drones so while I'm off stealing and hacking cargo ships I still have a self supporting mining operation running back home..
Oooh, give it to me!!!! 


Oh wait, I dont have any money...
Keep in mind you can't paint enemy grids you haven't fully hacked...
Get a room you two... 

And then tell me what room you're in ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You're insane, I love it
Very excited to try this out... 
Still waiting for that Scarlett Johansen voice pack DLC.
Insta buy
i would say given how annoying wheels are, the new hover engine mod is a now highly recommended borderline mandatory mod... imo

also using small grid ships in battle against large grid ships without kinetic missiles is really painstaking, so energy shields are incredibly useful. and fairly well balanced for survival
Try incredibly so
I just want to say, this could have been avoided several years ago... But at some point these manufacturers decided it was better to not let the consumer replace the battery and to make these phones super slim without a battery cover...

Can we please go back now please?
My wife likes to watch me play single player games with a good story. And I have bought her an entry level gaming laptop and we play a bunch of games together.. started with the Lego games, really good entry level to get the foot in the door. Just bought her a copy of one of my favorite games, space engineers, gonna start that soon.. 

Married 4yrs I'm april. Very happy
How is it guided if it's glitch based?
Every year we go see a movie on Christmas day. Basically tradition.
Really sorry that happened to your staff. 
I just asked. Apparently you have to upload the script and the world separate. But it does work...

Hmm, gonna have to take a look at this...
The really frustrating thing about the campaigns is they gave us a visual scripting tool to build our own campaigns, some of us got pretty far with it... But they don't really have a good way of uploading them when done...

It's 90% the way to having more campaigns than you would have time to play...
There's several modded campaigns that let you unlock stuff as you go... With a little story and missions and what not. But I've played them all so many times...

Another great mod is called 'grind to learn' basically how it sounds. Your tech tree item is only unlocked once you have discovered it. 

Sometimes you have to Kamikaze cargo ships and drones to unlock stuff while adds a play mechanic not previously there...
What are you building that you need 1,000,000kg of uranium?
Google home ain't perfect... But it's 100x better than Alexa. 

Parents have iOS devices and echoes, meanwhile I'm full Google ecosystem and I went full Google home this past Black Friday. All my smart outlets and lights and rgb controllers work great and the functionality is much better than the Alexa setup.

Especially the stuff that integrates perfectly with your Android phone.

Wife and I are really really happy.
It's shader based you can fly at the speed of light next to them and you have no lag
Exactly
I can see why you would say that. But this game is going to be like Minecraft in the beginning (unlocking blocks and tech and actually trying to survive) then end game closer to elite (vast Galaxy with economy and missions and pirates)  
Agreed.
Can you not see the thumbnail?
/r/skywanderers 

This update is nuts! I love the freeform voxel building... It's one of the best things of dual universe.
I also cannot jump with the drive on a separate grid from the main cockpit... It says that there is an object in the way...
This freeform block is game changing! Its basically like the building system in dual universe...
Head on shoulder solidified friend zone more than the failed kiss...
I've got a few extron dtp extenders..
Saving for Android release...
This sounds really familiar. It happened to me I think before but that was months ago. Don't know what solved it. Maybe just an update?
I've looked into it a few times... IDK why I choose not to use it..

On the plus side. I reloaded my world and it's sorting now
I am using the hydrogen generators mod and I'm trying to get the processors to pull ice because they aren't for some reason. So I put an ice sorter in front... But it's not pulling. 

I built a new grid and tried to just pull ore into a cargo container but it's nice to working either... 


I'll keep messing a round..
So I just tried my small grid stone sort ejector.. it's working on small grids but not large...
oooh that sounds pretty great...
My schedule is kinda all over the place... what timezone? im est. NY
HERO!!!
Also if you want to save a usb Port. The link can connect to the controller without the receiver.
My recommendation is to leave wolves in and use the mood that replaces them with zombies...
It's 'an' answer. Personally I prefer the link in the list set to launch in full screen over exiting big picture. In my opinion it's cleaner.
Yup

Any shortcut or exe
It's not a full blown solution, but you could set a link as a shortcut and then launch that shortcut in full screen from your steam game list. And then the steam controller is your mouse
so i decided to give it a shot... i just bought it, 

is there an order to launching, i start vorpx so its running in the task bar, and then i launch space engineers, it says it crashed when trying to launch steam vr...

other games are working
Great tip, thanks so much!
the movie says nothing about them being able to travel through time, nor is it inferred in anyway, 

the reasoning behind the whole movie is that when you start to think non linearly about time and learn a language that is not bound by time, you can think unbound by time's constraints. 

In fact the aliens seem to lack the ability to travel in time as they are asking the humans for help in 3000 yrs.

---------

everyone says time is 'the' fourth dimension, but time is not spatial like the 1st three dimensions. gravity in this sense then could also be a dimension, but it isn't spatial either. therefore time and gravity etc are additional properties of spatial dimensions.


additionally time is an illusion, nothing says time has to exist, time is simply a rate of change, if everything existed and nothing changed, there would be no time, but there could still be spatial dimension.
how long ago, cause ive been playing for a few hours in a world, are u saying if i disconnect it wont load again?
https://youtu.be/_x9lSQ1SFLE

i'll take two!
i remember as a kid (7-9yrs old), I somehow found myself in the situation where i was in the dark peeling masking tape off the roll and i saw the sparks from the static, I legitimately thought i had discovered a new power source and i quickly dragged both my parents into the dark and explained how i discovered this new power source. they let me down easy and my father explained to me how static electricity works. I had several 1st place science fair projects under my belt having to do with electricity at that point so it wasn't too hard of a concept to grasp, my father was an electrician and i had a fairly good understanding of electricity at that point.
Yeah except now they are using Tom delonge. He said a month ago this would happen...

He's the new face of disclosure this time around
It's not a joke.. google that junk...
Yeah Tom delonge from blink 182 is the New face of disclosure right now.
hey, remember that mod that let you pick stuff up. that was awesome. i miss it.
I have to say, this style of action is fantastic. In my head, I know it's crazy and super unrealistic... But in my heart I love it and now I want to make movies just like it.
You sir just made me spit out my cauliflower spinach burrito all over my table...
Wow, idk about you but,

May he poop on my knee?

 You know what I mean?
I did. I have the hi10 pro...

It's a decent enough tablet. I also bought a stylus and the keyboard. Both are basically trash... Keyboard rarely stays connected. Connection seems broken. And the stylus and it's abilities are terrible
Why is everyone pissed at Hulu... You pay $1 more than Netflix and you get 90% commercial free for a lot of content. Occasional network show has a commercial at the beginning and at the end... You don't have to watch the last one...
also is there a reason they are long like a can soup? if they were 3/4 or 1/2 that width they wouldn't look so dumb... IMO
That will work if you adjust the height sliders accordingly in the terminal.
This looks dope!! Not a huge fan of the faux stop motion framerate...
It's not my mod...
I would just like to mention that these seem to work a bit better with inertial dampeners off, It makes them constantly fight gravity and so the hover effect is a little better feeling and looking.

edit: doesn't seem to be survival balanced, they are very cheap to build and they don't use much energy.
i have been playing with it for a couple hours, its fantastic!!
oh man this is really cool! i can't wait to play with this

this sounds fun, wish i had time to help... 
Can't to see what you guys come up with.
so the cockpit changed ownership to nothing, not nobody, nothing...
had to grind it off and replace
Hopefully they are referring to the petition to support camera API 2 with hdr+ support

$350 or $399

Amazing phone for the price

I still have mine and love it. Only phone to come and attract my eye since is the Razer phone
Shocker, they had tons of fun till it started crashing...
There's 2 different plans bro. Cheapest plan has ads. 
I also just watched it last night with some friends.
Thought it was pretty good.
Not groundbreaking but not bad
the new youtube tv is also region locked within the U.S.

I am not allowed to sign up because they haven't added local channels from my area yet...
really sorry to hear this is the case...

I just picked up 3 home mini's and a chromecast ultra as well as a bunch of wifi controlled outlets and light bulbs..

it really is the future!
this just happened to me with Lego marvel super heroes 2
Did it last night, came from stock B32, downgraded to B19, unlocked, twrp, dark rom.
I have 0 issues and a fully functioning device.

Never flashed a bootstack or modem by themselves. 
B19 flash contains nougat boot stack and modem.

I'm struggling to find the need for non hlos in a smartphone...
Agreed
You could use naming conventions to distinguish between bases and ships.
Very possible, but then how easy is it if someone like me who has been doing this for years had it fail...
That's what I couldn't handle... It's not plausible sci-fi, but it's also not fantasy... 

I'm not a fan of fantasy to begin with so I find Dr who very irritating...

Imo
I love my Axon. But let's face it, there's a new King to the front facing speaker throne....

Razer Phone
Can't use the B19 one?

I went from stock to dark rom last night. Just using B19 bootstack. Everything is fine
Last night I came from stock B32. I had major issues with the toolkit. It failed to unlock my bootloader and it said it passed, so when I tried to install twrp, I soft bricked it.... Miflash, fastboot, and the files in the xda link below saved me. 

So for people coming from stock nougat, the current method involves downgrading to B19. For unlocking bootloader and installing twrp.

The link someone posted on here for flashing with miflash also has the link to B19.

It has the nougat bootstack and modem included. 
So there isn't a need to flash them when you plan on using a custom nougat ROM.

For people who flashed before nougat came out, they need to have the new nougat bootstack and modem.

Source: I was stock B32 last night and now I'm Dark Rom LOS.
I never had to independently flash the bootstack and modem...
Seconded. Dark Rom is a version of LOS, but it's functioning much better.
Latest is actually B19. Did it last night.
'Fastboot format userdata'

Fixes password request on boot
Don't dirty flash when going from B19 to Los
Try again with the full B19. Should always get you back to a good starting point.

Boot into B19 once you flash it and reenable us debugging and oem unlock.


OP do not flash oldest full image with miflash, flash the newest which is B19 (nougat)

If you flash a marshmallow one you will also need to flash modem and bootstack. Latest full B19 includes nougat bootstack and modem.
You don't need to if you're coming from nougat...
I literally installed LOS from stock for the first time last night. Spent 3hours with what I thought was a bricked phone. If you still have questions shoot me PM

BTW. I have always installed ROM and Gapps together. It should cause any issue. But id give formatting the data a whirl.
That's not necessary if you're coming from nougat... And the latest method involves using b19 for unlocking, which is nougat
Just gonna leave this here... 

iPhoneX vs Razer phone camera comparison shots
https://youtu.be/k9Z5AMo2jl4
There's a mod I think that adds back the cylindrical hit boxes
Don't worry. They're overhauling the wheel physics soon and they'll be fixed.
I completely deleted the space engineers folder manually and my start up log says something like couldn't load mysandox.sbc or something. So probably a different issue
I don't know if something is lingering. I was using it and I removed it for the update but my game crashes on main menu load...
Not talking about save world. I mean the main game menu
I can't even get to the save... It's just insta crashing on game menu
anyone else getting instacrash on game load?

i uninstalled and reinstalled, still doing it
i thought he only did kerbal, and he's been inactive for awhile too...
insta crash on game load

good update!

Edit: deleted and installed again, still crashing
woooooo
my game did that too when i used speed mods and tried to leave going 200m/s
had to delete connector from ship
i know, it is super annoying there is no reason they cant just use the model collision mesh for the paste boxes
particle sources are offset
op....

his pc killed him...
EDID, refresh rates and conversion (scaling), color spaces and calibration, projection everything, video over IP solutions, bandwidth (cabling restrictions and uses).

Used to be av installer, moved to production almost 2 yes ago. These things are universally helpful in video.
In install, you really need all 3: audio, video, networking skills. But video is usually the easiest.

Definitely tell them up front, learning video isn't hard, your can definitely learn on the job. Especially now that most video is over IP, all the scaling and conversion and bandwidth is solved by the video IP hardware.
Masterpiece theater - Marianas trench
Is there a mod that revamps them all. I just went in cfg and bumped them up a little.
Ooh that's a nice one... I like that it's vertical. All the ones I have are horizontal
Once you go CEC, you'll never go back.
No problem. Feel free to use the unfinished parts. Please do not distribute.
Man, you'd cry tears of joy with a 100% CEC enabled setup.
Oh, then nevermind...
Any modding experience?
Okay,
So, /u/LavaTacoBurrito , and /u/Stone_Blue .

 I gave both of you my source files.. LTB you seemed a little less inspired to work on it than SB does, so if possible I'd like to still help and have the 3 of us work on it together, thoughts?
Is there anything either of you are best at and would rather work on?
Not inspired off anything. I designed this fuselage 2yrs ago. It is 3 mk2 fuselages in a Delta pattern for high lift and flat spots to place gear and other things more easily.
I called it Delta fuselage. I never released it. Had 2 other users helping me... We all kinda just stopped.
Is there a new version or something, why is everyone saying they just got it... 
Was it just a sale?
 I got mine for $20 a few months ago on Amazon. It's amazing!
Smart launcher forever!
Here we go again! They must know by now...
I see a single hair on a sea of skin. 
a great example of why the game is broken due to the multiple grid system alone.. timers, programmable, remote, sensor, camera. makes no sense.

#onegridforall
#itsnottoolate
Lotta dedicated fans that consider this an instabuy. Well done guys.

I won't be able to join the AMA, but am a loyal fan and customer. Great stuff. Downloading now
Pretty pretty please add split screen with like, up to 4 people...
If it has jaw and eyes, and then more jaws inside, thaaaats a morayyyyyy
The funny part is sometimes it's not.. everyonce and awhile a random character I talk to the animations don't look like barf.
I got you. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=825782588
Probably... As a kid I didn't really understand what was going on, especially at the end... But it's fun I guess if you go in with nothing.
>  fixed UI Opacity making texts in control panel unreadeable 

wooooo!!!!!!
https://i.imgur.com/02WIkgm.gifv
blueprint...blueprint...blueprint...blueprint...blueprint...
ah, so if its the interior turret, i could just not load any ammo in it and it wouldn't shoot either...
This seems like it would be more effective for 3d movement anyway... Can you make it work with any turret? And would it stand to reason that a turret that isn't a weapon would be better... And maybe even a custom built command turret for the mod?
300..... I hate you. 





Nice find
Also did this. My wife and I laughed our faces off for a good solid minute.
Arrival
Oh boy! Very excited about this. Harbinger is the right up there with GOF2 as most time spent in a game on my phone.
OP! lets get that BP!
Why not use a massive ip to get people on board... 

Paramount paid for production of discovery, not CBS, if Star trek tanks and nobody joins all access, cbs doesn't loose anything..

I honestly don't think they care if anyone pirates it... 

It didn't cost them anything to make. Paramount footed the bill for production, so if star trek tanks and not even one person signed up for all access, CBS wouldn't have lost any money...

For them discovery was simply the best candidate to try and get people to pay for all access.


CBS isn't really wasting anything... 
The show is a hybrid legal love child between the 2 IP owners: CBS and Paramount.

Interestingly, making Discovery costs CBS nothing, Paramount is footing the production costs..

which is why CBS is using it to push All Access, if people don't subscribe and star trek tanks, and it doesnt get a second season, CBS lost nothing...

weirdly enough, they aren't really in this game...
This is the best lunar lander game ever made! Congrats to your friend!
A few of us who have been here early on have been trying to stir up hype and just plain getting more people to know about it..

It's harder than it seems. A few posts in Space engineers subreddit helped, Imgur posts did incredibly well!

I think getting streamers and YouTubers access to the game would help, but there's not a lot of gameplay right now, mostly building. 
I do have to say, of all the building games, skywanderers is so far the best one! Practically no limits on your creativity.
This is my 100m ship.. it's a 1-4 person explorer. Haven't built the 20m shuttle to go with it yet, waiting for docking to get fixed...
https://streamable.com/z6wl6
im just teasing

personally i would much rather see two oled 2160x1440 panels that are proven to be really good already,

i have one in my axon 7 and when it kicks into 90hz mode for daydream its amazing! it looks way better than my vive panels.

the osvr hdk2 has higher res than vive and oled but i cant get mine to work
But you are seeing 8k...
4k in one eye, and 4k in the other


In the video they say the panels are capable of 90hz. So I don't understand what issues you mean...
Well, as far as your graphics card and PC performance is concerned, it's 8k. 
Then her scream would have lasted a nano second, not 100 years
I must have that special facial recognition ability, I knew this was Rob Lowe the second I saw it.

My wife thought I was crazy, I tried to look it up, couldn't find proof
Thanks for sharing this with everyone. It's an absolute gem of a show! I wish people knew about it when it came out on Yahoo... Then maybe we could have gotten more.
He said in his AMA that he wasn't allowed to directly say, but said we'd he very happy, when asked about another part of cosmos
Ditto. 
I understood that reference
Yeah, I checked their support page after what you said, basically they just care about the bitrate.. I rarely upload anything that I haven't already dropped the bitrate on... 

But I haven't found anything as easy and simple as streamable for posting small videos on...
Didn't know that, live and learn
Can someone put it on streamable?
I gotta try this! Thanks for the tip!
This is huge!! Playing multiplayer with multiple people on the same ship
Dude! Grid Relative character sync!! Yeaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!

Thanks Keen!!!
This thing has to be using the exact same hardware as the Axon 7.
There's 2 different sequences, that really threw me for a loop...
This was my experience as well. Calm, acceptance... The weirdest part was that it felt like because I had already come to terms with my death, the fact that I didn't die, really messed me up, in a way I still don't have words to describe, just cried myself to sleep that night.
I'm intrigued to see what you get, I'm playing with settings and can't get good results
Just curious if you were noticing a graphics performance in ppspp. I can't get motorstorm Arctic edge to run nicely..
Can you test ppspp?
Ooh, m really interested in that dual monitor think pad, got any pics?
Oh geez, I mean the root issue is how black and white people see everything, but lately and specifically, the issue of ally friends and coworkers preaching about how bad GMO's are...

It's multifaceted and extremely shaded gray issue. All GMOs are not bad! And most are unproven if they are good or bad. 

There's an issue in the linear use of the word modified for one. We do 2 main things, selective breeding, and actually editing genomes. Then there's the whole sub debate completely separate from health related concerns, those pertaining to how it impacts modern or generally accepted farming and agricultural processes.

It annoys me with any topic, buy right now, everyone standing on their soapbox and asking their waiter if the food they are using is GMO, and then looking down on me for not being concerned if my food is GMO or not is getting really really annoying!


It would be super cool if people stopped being gullible and reading 1 headline and immediately jumping on one side of the fence with 100% unwavering loyalty. Especially when you judge others for not taking the same stand as you...



TLDR - very few debates are B&W. Otherwise it wouldn't be a debate... Specifically and more recently popular, pertaining to GMO'S

It's been know to not work yet..
Yeah, I hate it. It sounds like I'm choking in my tongue.
blueprint please

Explain yourself!!
Ugh, I backed planet nomads... They just announced they are cutting multiplayer completely.
The dude quit his job 1yr ago to build his dream game. The money is literally income for his family. Otherwise he has to go back to work.
Except the survival mode will be like Minecraft elite and star citizen had a baby.
The brick system is like greeble overdrive! It's the best.
Not for a while now, but if you back the Kickstarter at the second level, you'll get closed alpha access in Nov.
I found out about the project fairly early on and I went to the discord and he gave me access
Cause I was in at the beginning..
I have, but I meant mostly freedom of form.

There isn't scripting currently, but the fuzzy logic gate system is quite impressive and offers great functionality that is easy to pick up.
Cute
There are about 20 testers currently, myself being one of them. It is working, and it performs very very well.

Having around 4khrs in space engineers, I can confidently say that skywanderers is the best building game there is as far as your creativity not being hampered by the games mechanics.

I'd check out the devs YouTube vlog as well. There's even a steamer regularly playing it.
Not OP, but I've been a tester since the beginning, there's a really active and awesome community building around this game on its discord channel. They're the ones who funded it in 16 hrs.

Myself and other testers regularly show off videos and pictures of the game to everyone else.

If you're even slightly interested, I highly recommend checking it out more, it's even better under the surface!
Yeah I got a aspire nitro v15 for my wife,  put an SSD in it and it's a great laptop!
I like the way you filmed it with opposing rotors rotating at the same speed.
There's 21 testers currently, not all of which are active, but he is still in a stage of adding features, so less actual bug testing right now. soon.
Idk about you. But my Nexus player is stock and it sucks, it crashes all the time and it can't even play a YouTube video without skipping all the time...

It's the single most disappointing and frustrating piece of tech I've ever bought, should have got a shield.

I for one don't care if the new interface looks like windows 98, I'm hoping Android O fixes all the issues I've been having...
I did this too, that's crazy! I did it in a fake British accent though...
Nice work! From an existing photo or no?
Well it's a work Vive. So it's not always at home...
Sounds good.
8k he's in Space engineers...

This game has far superior creative freedom! Already it's the best game that exists for building whatever you want as accurately as possible.
There's a ton of us vets coming from SE..
8k hrs here... I might have a problem... 

Also being deeply involved with this game and the dev, I can assure you the "soulless" mechs and their walking animations are placeholders. He's basically building the foundation to many gameplay mechanics that will get their coat of paint after he's done implementing the features.

He's incredibly focused on the actual gameplay for the game. He has a working lore, factions, economy system all being finalized. His goal is to make a game that is fun to play, not just build.


Yeah he threw it together pretty quick, better animations for player and mechs is going to happen.

It's easy to adjust later, but the foundation is there, which is the hard part.
Hey, how's it going!? So, I'm the dude that did the audio for the trailer. I created all the sound effects...

Initially I was composing a piece for it.. but then we got down to the wire on the release so I used 3 modified royalty free scores for the music..

I'm still writing a few pieces for the soundtrack... If you want, id love to hear what you have in mind.. the dev is a huge fan of retro electronic ambient music which fits really well with the game aesthetic as well.

As far as I know nobody else is really working on audio at the moment. So if you want in, I'd say send me some samples.. let's see what you got!
The nightmare that it is... Yes. After about a month of trying they finally told me to ship it to them to confirm if it actually works...

I bought it specifically for use with my NOLO..

But I just got a vive from work for free so I'm less motivated to send it in...
If only I could get my HDK2 to turn on...
I just bought a lifetime pass 3 weeks ago... Come on!! 
I am constantly trying to set my controllers down on VR counters and tables.. yesterday I tried looking through a hole in the floor in a game and I face planted on my actual floor...

10/10 would play VR again.
Watching this gif be like: 
http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view3/3604419/monty-python-running-o.gif
I bought a brand new screen upgrade thinking mine was bad.. it was not.. I'd be happy to sell you the brand new one...
Thank goodness we have The Orville!
This is an amazing setup!
Yeah. Depending on the headset, bad ventilation, 2hrs of sweaty face.. but I'm sure they will have disposable foam face pads.. they're Velcro on the vive super easy to take off and put on..
At the very least... It probably means we could mod our own ones in now that the functionality is there.
Yeah that crosses out the OP5
Google specifically showed off a really cool tech they've been working on that does this. It's legit.
You realize this is already a thing even before the thought of this movie being done this way...

IMAX is pairing up with a company to start putting in theaters with 4k VR headset at the seats.
Maybe it'll work on my Android TV...
I'm trying to get mce buddy to work. And I don't know how to tell if it's working. I tried the option where it leaves the file alone but detects commercials and makes chapters so you can skip. But i don't see a way to skip to the next chapter it just jumps 30 seconds like normal.
Join
Yes
Stupid ZTE software engineers making their own tweaks to the ROM... So annoying. 
Man! This is so annoying!! Why does ZTE do this. They made such a good phone and it's so annoying they thought they could make it better with their own tweaks to the ROM.
Seconded, definitely agree with the fun/money as well.

You can survive in production knowing basics. In installs, you need details and specifics.

Source: spent 5yrs in installs, now going on my second year of production.
How does this hook into plex? Or does it run completely independent?

For example. How to I automatically have it automatically edit after a show is done recording?
My Plex server runs on my PC. Do I need to use a VM to run that?
What is a docker? 
Okay thanks.
Interesting. I'd love if they figured out a way to trim commercials when you record something

That's what she has. No TV. Only library.
My wife setup an account and I shared the server with her. The only thing she can't view without Plex pass is live TV , DVR functionality.

Just had her login with my account
What antennae are you guys using for DVR?
One of my favorite collections of ships: 
https://3dwarehouse.sketchup.com/user.html?id=0991650546994055661017293&nav=models
Fantastic work. I too learned my way around SketchUp by trying to recreate and design my own Star trek ships. Keep it up!
Yeah, Maybe they fixed it. Everyone was having issues with the nolo driver and riftcat running at the same time a few weeks ago. 
still bad latenecy or better? I have the same setup as a laptop, but with a 1050ti
i get bad latency using nolo and riftcat, but using each by itself is fine

Sarcasm?
Well yeah, they only have to scan his face one to get it to look like him. Anyone can make it talk or have his character move
Legally it can't be related to either time line...  There's a video on YouTube that explains why it's the unholy creation and will most likely be a new alternate universe.
No sarcasm. It worked. My speaker sounds great!

You should start a thread to get pinned of all your quick fixes.
Thanks so much! Who would have thought!
This should be overlayed as an upvote arrow that turns into a downvote arrow.
Reminds me of that whitest kids you know skit about the serial killer.
Whistling. I do it without realizing all the time. Drives people nuts.
What phone did you order.
I can't tell if this is beautiful because I know it's realtime render and this impressive, or if it's because the scenes are well shot and the music is beautiful.
Yeah, you can make one on your phone right now with many apps. You just generate a 3d point cloud and it looks incredibly realistic
Yup
New York - G-19
Lol. Believe me. I was there from the beginning. Feeling the sting of seeing ME getting it...

This was a mean tease of a glitch. But I don't care of it goes away unless it's actually saveable...
Try the Suprsize mod! It's fantastic!
I don't get why everyone is so worried about it... The bug is not persistent. It reverts when reloaded.  And it doesn't work in survival...

So it seems pretty useless...
It's also pointless because it can't be saved... It's wiped after you exit the world
There's 2 or 3 but they're not very good.

Desperately needed on mobile. 
Agreed, 

Another quick question. Are the ships going to stay small fighters, or is there going to be different sizes and classes?
Uv maps aren't too bad. Just gotta sit down and practice for awhile. And then the actual mapping is very time consuming.

Have you played Kerbal Space Program?

I learned it when I was making mods for that game. 



Your workflow would be: SketchUp>Blender>Unity

There was a modder (B9 aerospace) who made use of a UV map plugin for SketchUp and he swears he did all his mapping in that. I could never get it to work though.

I could send you what he told me though, if you want to try it that is.

(Not that I think it needs it, just providing info)

Is this the final design style you are going with for the ships in the game? Low poly, texture free?

I like it. Can I help design some ships?
I also use sketchup
Real fake doors
Oooh I'm the opposite! How do I get a job?
I believe there's been a handful of mods that required separate dll download and insertions... 

I know I would love it if I didn't have to manually run the script for every ship...
That's awesome!

And that's basically my point, if it's possible to do at all manually. Keen could code it in to be automated... Check to see if large grid, if yes, convert and replace/backup.

Ideally it could run the check when you press 'ok' when pasting a ship from the blueprint menu.

So if keen actually decided they wanted to switch this late in the dev cycle... It wouldn't actually be that big of an ordeal...
He is doing commercials right now...

It's like loving the sheriff on Eureka for years and seeing all he does is Maytag commercials
There's an out of game script that converts your ships to the new grid format. So keen could do the same thing with any ships it finds in your blueprint folder automatically without user interaction.
Tis is fantastic work. Can't wait to see how it stands up to time against the constant 'fixes' from Keen each week.

Absolutely take the picture. I almost didn't click on the mod cause I didn't understand what I was looking at in the thumbnail.
🙃
Excited to try it!
You are correct in all your assumptions. And it's why I love it!

I have not tried loading on existing world yet. I'll let you know what happens in about 12hrs.

The modder did include a script to convert any vanilla ships to the small grid 5x5x5 blocks, but I haven't tried that yet. Mainly cause I usually use a lot of mods.
I actually just found out that the mod maker said there is a nasty bug with it right now but is working on it.
 one could only wish. But I honestly don't get why they wouldn't do it this way ...
You should start a survival series with this mod. Or use the provided script to convert your current survival ship to the super size grid mod.

I'm starting a new world with this mod and this one: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=725361837&searchtext=Independent+survival

It puts a crappy refinery and assembler in your suit so you can truly start with nothing but tools.
you should really check this out... https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=957825321&searchtext=super+size

https://i.redd.it/2mz2bgju9eaz.jpg
MOD in question: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=957825321&searchtext=super+size

SuperSize [WIP]



Talking about mods that should be vanilla!!!
So, in the movie... Couldn't you just put all the candy bars through a machine that has a metal detector?
Wouldn't the one with foil and gold put off a stronger signal than the rest?
it works fine if i copy paste it

happened to my survival ship randomly, had to copy paste it to start working again.
Do you need root for the touch emulation to work?
Haha. I like TNG don't get me wrong, but  I found myself preferring Voyager... I love the underlying sub plot to get home.
Then I'm happy for you. I'm loving it, having a blast! 
Make sure your power requirements are met for it.. if so, Put a large grid seat on it and sit in it and see if you can see or deposita that way.
New beltpack came, still not working, only thing i have left to replace is the HMD to Beltpack cable... 

which leads me to believe i am missing something Software wise, but im using the AIO installer... i've tried on 3 different pcs now.

i need professional help
It's sitting in the box... I even bought a new display and mainboard thinking it's broken, it wasn't. So I just bought a new belt pack... If that's not it, I give up.
I have 2 PC's that are well spec'd. Several Windows updates ago it runs terrible on both of them.. I looked it up, it was an issue in an update and ubisoft hasn't fixed it. .
Too bad this game doesn't run properly anymore..
My favorite episode was in Voyager where the planet they orbited was in a temporal distortion field or something like that, and time on the planet moved like 100 times faster than on the ship.

So the ship ended up heavily influencing their culture and religion and they ended up sending an astronaut when they were finally advanced enough... 

Great episode 
I'm 26 and married 3.5 yrs, going very well. 

Found someone of similar intellect but totally different interests, which is cool cause I get her excited about the stuff I'm into, and she gets me excited about the stuff she's into.

She's an ENFJ so things must be handled delicately sometimes, but I love her tons and she makes me a better person when it comes to being nicer to people I deem too uninteresting for my time. Turns out can be more rewarding than I thought.

All around 5/7 from me.
Thanks for posting this!!
Question: is the atmosphere call the same as the one that allows atmospheric thrusters to operate. Meaning these ships will spawn anywhere where atmospheric thrusters can be used?
Not only have I done all that and still not got 3 LEDs, I bought a brand new display and mainboard and I still have the same issue. I think I have a bad belt box, everything works fine except the display won't turn on.
Meanwhile I can't get my HDK2 to work at all.. I think it's the belt pack. 
So happy to see this out! 
More like, crumtrulescent
Shame too, such an easy fix...
Front facing speakers!! Yeah!
Blueprint please!!
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=971534612


Just wanted to share a Survival Start I set up in the Novana System.
It is a crashed ship start on an Ice moon of a gas giant.

Find your tools and get started on your way home which is on the other side of the system.

There are 2 enemy outposts fairly nearby on the same moon as you, 1 is large! 1 is small. Be careful, if you get too close they will call for help!

_________________
Though, you do not need them, and can remove them all minus the planets and moons, I have included a small handful of mods IMO should be vanilla.
They are:



deep space 4k- vanilla lighting

clean camera lens

EEM

Cargo containers with fill levels

Conveyor hinges

Active radar

Batteries drop power cells

Interior wall corner

easy inventory

slope ladder

speed mod 700m/s
This is clearly the Heart of Gold.

Improbibilty drive confirmed.
Yeah my wife took several photos of a lake from a lookout spot on a mountain. I took 1 panorama. We got home and Google made her a panorama that looked better than the one I took!
Super hot line Miami
Arrival. I still can't get over how amazing that movie is!
The note 8 is pretty solid. Having the original note 10.1 and the note 10.1 2nd gen. It's on par with those. Just a smaller screen.
I'm not surprised it's refurbished. 
My 128gb Corsair flash drive died yesterday for seemingly no reason. Can't get it to come back to life.
The Optimus 3d actually had way more features than the Evo did. 
As a video tech for live events as well, I'm constantly playing video games on the job. 
this is pretty dang sexy!
Amazing!!! 

can some one see if this works with speed mods?
Copy, thanks
i am using the graphical velocity indicator right now to do flip and burns,

i check the flight assist code and i get 2 errors:

"Program(87,0): Warning: Unreachable code detected

Program(87,0): Warning: Unreachable code detected"
And now featuring Halo rings! https://youtu.be/yB2axlbHso8
I'm sure there's many of us who would use the parachute mod if it meant more exciting gameplay like this...

Just a thought.


Is it not fairly easy to take out the ship's thrusters with a fly by?

Then it falls and can salvage?
No problem. Just curious. Crazy excited for it!!
Any update?
I'm in ordeal with someone on eBay who sold me a "functional" HDK2.

He won't allow a refund because he thinks either I don't understand how to set it up, or I broke it...

So please. Post some pictures of the headset working with your username so that you can clear up any issues for potential buyers...
Is the design aesthetic supposed to be low poly or are those placeholder models and textures? 
Thanks whip! 

I'm using the Epstein drive mod and it's super hydrogen hungry! Thinking a turn n burn would save me fuel.

I also see your velocity indicator script. I think I'll use that as well.. does it properly scale on the widescreen lcd's?
this: https://s3.amazonaws.com/vaporhop/app/public/spree/images/wrong_end.gif
Oooh. That's really awesome! I like it!
Yes! Thank you!!
That's awesome. Love this laptop.
If you posted them... I'd happily download them..
sorry, just saying real world use,
i have an Acer aspire v15 nitro with 4th gen i7 and a 960m. it plays everything substantially better than my m6600 with a m6100.
yeah its great for upgrading, really easy. 

You're welcome!
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=870044370&searchtext=zombie

YOU'RE WELCOME!
here you go:
http://imgur.com/a/l8yxc
sure
what you just want some pics of the laptop and some internal pics?
1 YR 

been absolutely great. but with the upgrades i've done its worth more like 500 even all dented lol
going camping next weekend! understood
Just wanted to say I have a m6600 as well. Same i7 and I Did the same exact gfx card upgrade.

Potential buyers: it's a great laptop! It's huge! But it's a tank. It has room for the msata and 2 more drives. 3 if you swap the disc tray for a drive bay.

You can also get a Dell desk dock for it for really cheap that is well worth the money!!

Also added an Express card adapter that gives me 3 more USB 3.0 slots


The keyboard can be easily upgraded to a backlit keyboard if it doesn't already have it as well.
 
Also has 4 ram slots. I have 24gb in mine.

here's some pics of mine: http://imgur.com/a/l8yxc

Great deal for $375. 
____

Only thing I will say is, as someone who has a laptop with a 960m... Saying the m6100 is about the same is a very generous statement. Also make sure OP has the full blown 240w power supply or the gfx will not be enabled. (Sorry OP)



One of my favorite laptops 

/Rant
Results?
Really cool stuff you guys are doing. Can't wait to try the new nolo optimizations.
Anyone test on Axon 7
I'd use wheels... But he is using the hack that makes giant planets.. you can tell because the height map is messed up and bumpy
Thanks! I've been trying to find the return to earth one...
so i have time warner cable / Spectrum.

i was paying for 20Mbps for 69.99

i call to activate spectrum stream and he goes you have to upgrade  your internet speed because at spectrum we only have 2 speed options... so now i get 60Mbps for 64.99 fixed rate...

apparently they dont tell people... you have to call and ask....

wow.
Her, from 1 day in the future.
pirating is the only fun way to play for me right now... mining gets really old when a passing ship is so easily stolen... its much harder with the EEM. but still worth it!
I was running at 7.5 just today... 30 mods.
*dedotated wam*
I'm using them in a concealed landing gear situation.. working fine for me.
Working for me...
Cause you love it....

BTW: suspension settings don't update for me until I do safety lock toggle cycle.
This was a great article and a great read! 
You already know I love this! It's georgous!
Wow! It's beautiful!
I would love if movies came out in this standard. Going to see Star trek beyond in barco extreme was amazing. It would translate to 180 really well.
But in my tests I have the same exact experience with doing video over 5ghz wifi.
Also same exact thing happens with Trinus VR.
Yup. Interestingly I can do full 2560x1440 with less lag then when I'm not using nolo
That's what I'm using.
Thanks for the info. Anxiously awaiting!

I tried Trinus today and that also has about the same amount of video lag.

Thanks guys!
No, cause trouble shooting revealed it's fine when not using nolo. Much less lag..
Crazy how much money Nintendo is throwing away by not getting into VR and bringing it to the masses...
The hardware is great. The drivers need improvement. So does vridge.

Weirdly enough, my phone gets extremely low lag video when I'm not using nolo. But when I do use it. The video lag is too much.

The controller latency and precision is pretty darn good.. but occasionally the controllers get uncalibrated and it's a long pain in the neck process of starting over..

The steam VR playspace feature is pretty much pointless because the 180 degree turn feature of the nolo completely screws it up.

IMO. It's a great first attempt. I would be really excited to see them actually implement 360 degree tracking. I don't know if they will though.. for some reason they are pushing the mobile functionality... But I think it's a waste of resources.. they should release a fully osvr solution focused at PC VR. Oh well.



I wouldn't recommend it I don't think... It works, don't get me wrong, when it works, it's tons of fun... But it's riddled with bugs right now. And it doesn't offer a good enough experience for new people to get them hooked on VR.
i just got it today
Good for you. Hope you're able to find one that fits and gets accepted.

I'm my company titles early change. Thru are also left super vague so you can add tons of responsibility and they never have to change it.
I can't wait for this! So excited! This will add hours of gameplay for me. 

So, whoever creates a mod will have to spawn ships that have hydrogen or atmo thrusters..

This is gonna be cool!
Please keep us updated!
i loaded up a world file someone published on the steam workshop that has a giant planet.

the height maps don't scale well, there is no smooth surface at all on the planet, its all jagged and bumpy,

not worth it imo.
Cool. Neither my Netgear r6400 or Linksys WRT1900AC ARE ON THE LIST.
These stupid quick release buttons on these projectors break constantly... I think I engineered a better solution even maybe...

The spring makes it so you just push away from the half thread to quick adjust.
https://imgur.com/gallery/4w7lj
That's what I've run into in my area at least. 

You and I know the secret that video is really easy... But for some reason people have a really hard time grasping it.

Majority of my profession is exactly what you said... Knowing the hardware and software.

As someone who has my CTS and several years in the installation world, video and audio skills had to both be on point, so I have a strong understanding of both sides.

But recently I've moved into the production side of the world. Audio guys are dime a dozen and nobody knows how video works. It is crazy! But it makes me valuable, do don't tell them how easy it is... 🤐
I'm 26 and I know what this is... But, I'm an AV engineer. So maybe that is my advantage
Can confirm. As someone whos main skill is on the 'V' side... It seems to be in much higher demand. No offence to any of my 'A' guys... But you're everywhere!
Soon. Should be here Tuesday. 

But it's the tech that shows that there's no drift. Drift is only experienced in mobile VR like daydream and cardboard because it uses inaccurate sensors. 

Nolo and Vive use a base station or base stations so that there's always a point of reference to lock to. Eliminating drift entirely.
No drift. The rotation tracking doesn't use the phone sensors at all. The base station tracks the marker on top of your headset.
Is there something you want to know they didn't cover?
Have you watched the Daley tech videos or the daydream district videos?
I'm getting my NOLO in a few days. As long as I have some extra cash by then I'll buy the game and test it out..
Looking forward to it. It looks really promising!
I'm happy for you, but incredibly jealous!
It's on its way...
Thanks for the clarification. Makes sense
I haven't tried. I will test it..  it generally DVI carries audio pins the hard part is making sure the DVI HDMI adapter has them all terminated as well. Some do and some don't.
DVI carries pins for audio... Just have to make sure the DVI to HDMI adapter you use has all the connections as well.
[We use these constantly](https://www.bhphotovideo.com/bnh/controller/home?A=details&O=&Q=&ap=y&c3api=1876%2C%7Bcreative%7D%2C%7Bkeyword%7D&gclid=Cj0KEQjwyN7JBRCZn7LKgb3ki8kBEiQAaLEsqgJ1sk9Gm_8gm9KhBTA0Kmjq39Ole1_cb_VZNchRYjEaAkUT8P8HAQ&is=REG&m=Y&sku=592353)

Then all you need is a female DVI to HDMI adapter
Nah,. It was just a funny realization. I'm only 26. 
They have said they will try to make 2 point tracking in the next generation..

For 89 I'm pretty happy with what appears to be 300° tracking.
Holy crap! I just realized people born in 2000 are 17! When did that happen?
Shhhh. They'll get in trouble...
The original you build a fleet of 3 ships and have to conquer sectors 1 at a time until you defeat the baddies in a map.

Most of the strategy is on how you outfit your ships and what you choose to upgrade... But theres a fair bit of strategy on when and where you jump to a new sector, and which type of fleet you build, carriers vs dreadnaught, or a healthy mix of both. 

It also has tons of replay value.
I'm kinda happy cause the game they are working on doesn't really interest me...
Reportedly though, the NOLO is just as good as the Vive when it comes to tracking performance. Latency and precision is on point
Like everyone else said, you're only having a bad time because you're not paying for it. 

I pay $14.99 and 6 people can use it all with their own accounts and everyone gets YouTube red as well.

You also get shared Google play library's, including apps, movies, books. 

So you buy an app or a movie and everyone can download it
Excited for you. It's a great game!
Yeah I've played it several time through. I'm pretty freaking excited. It looks really good. I love the added mechanics.
I love they added capturing enemy ships!

And resource collecting. 

My biggest problem with the last game was soo much leftover credits and nothing to spend it on... Doesn't look to be an issue here.
That's pretty close to one of the other guys designs on here.. but yours might be better because all he did in the front was use a flat piece and sanded it. I think he's selling em on Etsy.

But yours is more attractive. If you can also show a temperature graph showing it working over time... You might have a winner on your hands..

It might be of little help, but if you went for 2 smaller sinks and placed one vertically and one horizontally.. you can use the passing air from people turning their heads or looking up or down.
I'd gander you'd find more people do left and right looking so horizontal sinks would have better airflow.
I have 2 sinks that look like the one in the second link you shared. I thought about tearing apart my daydream face plate, but I'd rather not if I don't have to.... I'm playing around with some ideas. 
Thanks, I hope I can tune it for better looks and performance...
Virtual virtual reality

Eclipse

ArcSlinger
Nope, no gestures 

And that feature is upside down to mute
Nope. Never had any issue other than my phone throttling at a certain point.
So I tore this heat sink out out of my old dusty ASUS eeepad.

5v ducted fan attached to coper heatsink.

I just need to tweak the design a bit more, maybe add more copper and more thermal silicone pads... I could probably get it down to 35°

Very happy!


EDIT: BTW, I have an AXON 7
I get them fairly regularly. If I do a double tap skip forward them back it disappears for the rest of the video.
Vars VR player has color and sat and sliders
Clean your lens. Gross!
What? The blocks are a reflection. They should be blended... What am I missing?
I had that issue. Had to uninstall and reinstall
Don't know about you. But there's a mood that turns wolves to zombie engineers... Idk, makes more sense than the wolves.
Kinda like how there's there's no point to calculate collisions while you're just flying through space with nothing around?
Can you test with the Physfix mod?
Agreed. I've wanted to like those tablets since the first generation. But they do suck to use.

If you don't mind the 8inch screen. I'd recommend the shield tablet
Not surprised. Can't even put shelving together properly. The top one isn't level... 
Wow, didn't expect the Multithreading so soon!

In the stream Xoc said they would release when they felt it was ready, so it seemed a ways off..

Cool
I'm number 59. Hope I'm in the first batch
Ive got 10 of them.. but they don't have the blocks and stuff..
Meanwhile, we can't figure out the simplest of design issues..

http://cdn.emgn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/ocd-alert-emgn-8.jpg
There's 1 or 2. But I don't think they are working currently... Thanks to keens updates breaking all the mods every week.
Here you go: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mallmagician.GvrgbCB
Of all my years of trying phone mounts... I ended up with this: 
https://www.ebay.com/p/?iid=162421113545&&&dispItem=1&ul_ref=http%253A%252F%252Frover.ebay.com%252Frover%252F1%252F711-117182-37290-0%252F2%253Fmpre%253Dhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.ebay.com%25252Fitm%25252Flike%25252F162421113545%25253Fchn%25253Dps%252526dispItem%25253D1%2526itemid%253D162421113545%2526targetid%253D340520978087%2526device%253Dm%2526adtype%253Dpla%2526googleloc%253D9004624%2526poi%253D%2526campaignid%253D764892186%2526adgroupid%253D39783961149%2526rlsatarget%253Dpla-340520978087%2526abcId%253D978836%2526merchantid%253D6541724%2526gclid%253DCjwKEAjwpJ_JBRC3tYai4Ky09zQSJAC5r7ru0yCYbyXVy_AM2dr9w8X8OoH1vKVXix-T8F-7HA9cjBoC8y_w_wcB%2526srcrot%253D711-117182-37290-0%2526rvr_id%253D1219327365298&chn=ps


I love it!
How do I install it. It can't be worse than how it runs right now...
I hate my Nexus player so much. It stutters and lags navigating the UI and has the choppiest video playback all day despite being 1 ft from my router... Meanwhile, my OG Chromecast chugs along perfectly on the other end of the house
Also not new..
Mine works great. You stock?
Definitely compatible with my Axon 7. You stock?
I also love doing that sort of thing. Hit me up for graphics work.
Dang it, and I already bought NOLO VR.

This looks way better at tracking!
Just wanted to report it's still working and hasn't broken at all..
I'm super excited! Because that means more and more games and apps for daydream! This is gonna be good!
I love it!
Makes more sense to have a rover with a stasis pod on it. Or better yet, let us sleep in the cockpit for the same amount of Regen as the sleeping bag
You need to reflash the stock rom(dirty flash causes issues) But the dev said it will work with any 7.1 room including stock.
I don't really think I'll end up using it that much. I might end up giving to a friend or something... 

So I didn't really care if the beta has issues...
There is one for original Gameboy games. It's pretty dope. Would love an N64 one.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mallmagician.GvrgbCB
My beta unit ships in a few weeks.
What if I open up a Netflix theater. It would have rows of couches and you just pay for the theater sound and visuals and maybe some snacks that don't cost $50...

Will that fix it?
Been trying to find some good apps for the kids. This would do the trick! Be greateful to try it!
All of these except commitment I guess... I mean I was afraid I guess for awhile. But when I meet the right person... It went away.
Not the gum drop buttons!
Completely agree. See Kerbal space program and planet nomads and empyrion.. works fine.
Stagnate was a year to several months ago... The last few months have been really good.
I don't like that, or the fact that the steel plates are blindingly white...
ok, nvm
I just want to mention they have updated the component pictures in the inventory to match the new component models..

couldn't find it in the patch notes..
Replacing the wolves with Zombies makes more sense than the wolves IMO:
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=870044370&searchtext=zombies
Go on....
It's it just me, or do these Klingons look like the ones from into darkness?
I'd revert it to stock to be safe. 
Do the best buy ones not have passport? I got mine from there and I thought it had it
Phone comes with passport 2.0

Send it to ZTE and they will charge you $89 to fix or replace it.
Everyday
Thanks I forgot
Wow. She dodged VR balls exactly the way she dodged IRL balls!
Comes out the 25th on the app store, no word yet on Android release date.

EDIT: developer responded with: "at least one month" when asked about Android release.
I'm hopeful. I'll give it a chance..
Arrow and the flash. The writing is terrible, there's no way around it.
Yeah, I have to agree. At least a year of experience as an installer really helps you see what is involved in operating a company that does integrations...

Also in my old company we only had one programmer for years, and although he was amazing, his life consisted of staying up 20+ hrs a day on a regular basis providing code updates for last minute changes that the client and installers are waiting on you for at the site...

Right before I left, we added another full time programmer. He programmed And troubleshooted entirely differently and each had a hard time working on each other's projects if the need arose.

Needing to have a customer ID or company ID sounds about right for downloading resources.





I have my CTS. It's really a pain IMO.
The material isn't difficult. The study material covers 90 percent of the AV installing spectrum. I took practice tests and memorized formulas and all that. But when it came down to it... Most of the test was sneaky questions (wrong answer, good answer, better answer, best answer) about how to conduct the company as far as sales and client relations and workflow, all that stuff...

Most guys I know barely passed it.

But yeah, unfortunately it really is required these days.



- just as a side note. You may find that depending on your demographic, 9 of 10 times you will not be able to sell a really cool system to a client. Most are not willing to pay until they've been sick with a bad system for an extended period of time... Also for integrators, box sales account for most of the profit because the margins are high and have no overhead.


Best of luck though finding something new and something to be passionate about. For me I got out of av install and moved to live production video engineer for large corporate events. I find I'm quite passionate in that.
I'm in the same thing fact boat.
Does it support rootless touch mapping?
My power button is disabled in daydream...
You need mods for that..
I edc that skeletool as well. Love it!
Great phone!
I'm really happy for you guys.   I wish this happened to limitless though.... Glad it's possible.. 
Seconded /u/Cheetah97
Haven't really attempted since I'm doing the survival scenario... I'll let you know when I try 
Yeah I fired it up today on my work laptop. 

2nd gen i7 / 
24gb ram / 
Firepro m8900

Running on medium quality setting @1600x900 with vsync on.

Currently playing escape from Mars scenario with Physfix mod. No foliage.

Averaging 30fps.



Last time I played it on my laptop was several months ago. Couldn't barely play on lowest gfx cfg at 15fps in space world with no planets...

Very impressed.
Ummm. If there's no lights in my tunnel or on my ship I can't see anything...
Yeah I remember finding a copy in Walmart like 2yrs ago..
When did they tease a basic assembler. Link?
In my save I just flew straight up and saw the ice mine. Went directly to the ice mine and then built my rover out front of the ice mine...
I only use wheels to slide around on with thrusters... I rarely have any issues...
Ooh.. put this in Mars escape survival I will...

Edit: so I tried them on my survival world.. I can't put anything in them and nothing passes through them...
People are just listing great shows...
I prefer a short thing for binging.. like 20 minutes an episode..

So I suggest:
Better off Ted. There are only 2 seasons and 20min episodes... so it's quick.

The only depressing thing is that it got cancelled...
The thing on the hydrogen tank away from the main base appears to be a build state of the wind turbine.
That bodes well for daydream!
Have not...
In the comments he just says he side loads everything
Its a great feature... 

Since all weapon turrets are controlled via logic blocks... If you loose those, your weapon is completely offline..

This is the exact reason why my frigate was going to have a central computer room deep in the middle that housed all the logic blocks for the entire ship... 

I think you can even create redundant logic systems. So if one gets destroyed, the other might still be able to do the job...
fixed it:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoakZ2Q0ZOVXRNa28
try this out... :

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoWnZWSEtzbmdFS1U
i can move the text around to somewhere else, especially if you want more circuits. ill put in the same place for each. just show me where you want it. 

actually probably off to the left would be better for this particular one

couldnt get a good decayed master sword, made these instead:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoQkU2UFhHZVJ0aXc

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoNGtoOWZlTTJneGM

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoSFEtVFhyVWJWU2M

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoNHJDQjgzZ0l0bFU

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoUGVsODNzOHkxQWc

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoa183ZzZsZEh5Wk0
heres a few:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoUjc3SlNWamlfX0U

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoZHBBWUM4cVNyVEE

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoNEtzNFlxR0RYZUE

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoQkJ5Y3Z1ZFVoN3M
like this? 

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8ftKb5AoQSoeWlxRzB6TFBqWTQ
See if this works for you:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8ftKb5AoQSoakZ2Q0ZOVXRNa28/view?usp=sharing

A really weird cheap alternative to a lot of styli that function the exact same way....
It's going to be hard to continue in a damaged ship. If logic blocks get shot it will completely ruin certain functions..

Also there is no airtight feature yet. Not sure if one is planned...
Holy peaking Batman!
Grand piano 🎹
This is how it's supposed to be all the time!
I searched "yellow" it gave me the whole color wheel to choose from
That's a big leap. Need more games... Can only play Eclipse and KTANE so many times..
Ah who am I kidding. I'll keep playing them..
Hard to play anything in tune. Haha.
I like the chord feature. Sounds really good!
Paid $300 a few months ago for this. I know my wife doesn't flush them cause I take the trash out... But we have a fair number of female friends over... So it felt a little ridiculous telling them all we don't know who it was... But please stop!
Axon was 400 I think it's 350 now. Got the Daydream from eBay for 50
Goodly
Another Axon 7 + Daydream user reporting in. What an experience!
I'm just jealous... Forgive my hateful words...
I love it! I actually think I prefer 2:1 but that's just me being weird.
I have the issue on my stock Axon 7
I hate you!
I'm not convinced this is a fully 2D animated game.. it really looks like the characters are 3D with some pixelization effect applied.. 
Yeah I seriously doubt they have the mental capacity to have this type of deliberate anarchy.
Newegg for $189 right now! Sick deal!
I also was reading this somewhere
Isaac?
A man and child are walking together in the woods. 

It starts to get dark..

The child says: "can we turn back it's getting dark, I'm scared"

The man says: "you're scared? I'm the one that has to walk back all by myself!"
I honestly can't play it anymore because I get so angry!

I found Sonic all stars racing transformed is much more satisfying to play than Mario kart.
Extron or gefen. No Kramer!
Yeah I thought the bromance term was more of a joke... Like obviously I know he's just my best friend... I have no romantic feelings... We just think it's funny to call it a bromance..
I actually moved out of installs and into the live events production world.

But my old company was structured with several branches from the top down..

Several branches were: engineers, sales, fabrication, service. 

There were 7 engineers, 4 salesman, 3 service techs, 1 fab manager, 8 installer techs in our local region, and another 4 engineers, 3 salesman, 1 fab manger,  5 installer techs in another region.

Sales mostly deal with box sales, but also sell systems.
Engineers interface with client to determine needs and design system.
Fab manager prebuilds and tests systems before being packed up and shipped out.
The rest of us were installer techs that worked with engineers to actually go onsite and put everything together.
We were responsible for full install and troubleshooting and finalizing client interface.
I'm pretty sure my wife and i are going to love job simulator.. also I played fruit ninja with my Google cardboard and leap motion. That was pretty fun... Excited to try it for real...
I'm curious if other sites like Dropbox or box are vulnerable to this type of attack?  Is Google docs not as secure?


Well Microsoft being cool again was fun while it lasted...
What software is OP using do you think to do this...
Why down votes?
Ships next month... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/243372678/nolo-affordable-motion-tracking-for-mobile-and-ste


Playing job simulator:. https://youtu.be/_rRguWP9JPQ
Cool so us NOLO VR users can play it!
Hit up the discord!
Liger Zero!
Interesting.. never realized. That's dumb
Is it only Netflix? Cause I watch Hulu and it certainly looks 1080
I check up on this sub everyonce and awhile. 
But I was done after last season when they showed Barry finally got faster than zoom. Then zoom threatens and Barry gives him his speed...

 What!? 

I honestly don't understand why people still watch it.. seeing people's reactions to this season is a great example of how bad the writing is... You don't need to milk the reveal this badly.
Yeah I'm done. Also the writing actually kinda sucks imo
Unless I'm completely wrong... 

I've always bought unlocked non carrier branded phones and I was in att for a few yrs. I dl think my tether always worked.

Right now I'm on cricket which runs on att network with an unlocked phone. I tether on a very regular basis 

My thought was they have modified the phones ROM to not allow it...
Good point
True. I thought it was 500. I just checked mine... I forgot how much conversion and scaling it can do... My bad.

I mostly use dac-70s. I have like 20 of them. So I know how expensive AV is.
Also a good point. I have several as well.
I use an Aja 1x6 reclocker. No issues with it
It's also expensive.
But worth it
Seconded. First thing that popped out to me is progressive is the norm for monitors.
Vidangel does $20 rentals with $18 buyback.

Yeah, that's my reaction to the beach too..
I have only an Axon 7. So I'd love to make one with even more phone contact legs. 

But I think it's a really nice idea. Especially because you really don't loose much aesthetically​.

Nice work. I believe hope to replicate this, maybe even expand on it...
Brilliant cinematography!
Cause someone said it was working at one point but an update broke it. 
Because their VR is a closed garden only for Samsung devices..  what is everyone else supposed to do?
And now I'm wet... Not because I'm turned on .... But because I spit my Gatorade all over my pants...

 Thank you /u/Ozwaldo

Now I have to explain this to my client...
Stunning cinematography!
Seconded. Really great tech support. Not like Crestron...

I did their online training and got the certified tech thing. 

It's somewhat helpful. It's mostly just them trying to familiarize you with their products... It tells you what each item does and is used for... Not tons of info on setting up and troubleshooting and whatnot... 

It think there's other trainings for that.
This is a great idea. The overheating problem is the only thing annoying about daydream... Which is weird. Cause I run graphically intense games all the time... But nothing makes my phone great up like daydream...

Even just using Google cardboard vars VR player doesn't hear it up this badly...

Axon 7
But Is daydream fixed? Cause I just bought this daydream headset...
Yeah daydream phones have to be certified by Google so that it isn't put on phones that would give a bad experience.. but it's up to the manufacturer to submit it to Google for certification.. Samsung Probably didn't submit it because they have their own, even though I'm sure sanding phones meet the specifications for daydream..

The jerk move though is by Samsung. For one not submitting their phones for daydream approval, as well as pulling an Oculus, and paying devs to make gear VR exclusive titles, which blocks them from coming to daydream...

They've gone the way of the Apple in my opinion. 

They've long shown they want to build their own walled garden for some weird reason... Even though they shame Apple for it...

SMH.
Update. So my second point looks like it isn't true anymore.. 

Devs will soon be supporting external video output for diy HMD builders 


http://blog.riftcat.com/2017/04/dev-update-29-update-on-our-progress.html
I have the axon 7
You can also save scenes with different camera modes. So you don't have to manually switch back and forth.
Why aren't people buying Wii u consoles to play..?

First of all, you really don't want an LCD for VR. AMOLED is much better on your eyes, and it will look much better.
That minor point aside...

As for nolo VR. No, nolo VR requires the use of an Android phone running the vridge app. Simply buying an LCD panel is not good for anything...
Axon 7 USA model and I'm in the united States.

Working fine for me.
Omg! My sister and I spent hours playing this game. We were not allowed to play it... But we did. 
I loathe Samsung for partnering with oculus and fragmenting the Android VR selection the way it did.
Would love to play more games on my daydream setup.
My daydream phone has a 5.5 inch 1440p AMOLED display.

It looks way better than my wife's phone that has a 5.5 inch 1080p AMOLED display.

The tech will get better once displays, GPU, and CPUs catch up.
I wonder if people would watch a show in that format... Like a show designed for it...
Overlooked article, only came to comments to find or type this..
Seriously, remote desktop works so well. I use it often!
I do and I don't
My life. Worst thing is I know I shouldn't beforehand...

I don't mean anything mean by it... Not trying to be a dick... Comes across that way when I do it so often though.

Yeah, my wife isn't a huge fan of it... But she still gets me...
These will go well with my princess Star Butterfly wallpaper!
Correct, it's developed by Qualcomm. It's proprietary, but not too ZTE.

Functioning quick charge would therefore be kernel dependent
I've tried straight usb c etherent adapter and USB c to micro to Ethernet.

Both work on other devices. But not my Axon..

Though, I haven't tried with the nougat update...


I was testing for vridge.
Grew up in a hick town. Headed for the closest City ASAP

My Bob Ross space shirt:

https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51phJBS-lWL.jpg
Me too
I mean, sure. But it's too soon for a incremental hardware revamp that's gonna steal all their attention away from us
Hoping they add the ability to buy an additional base station and allow it to work with 2 at a time for full tracking..
Boo. Just focus on giving us our fair share of software updates. 

Come on ZTE.
Stylus and instabuy for me
Split screen only for consoles!

WAHT!? BOOOOOO
Somebody saw the movie Storks.
1:09- Luke: " it's so much bigger..."

Confirmed: Another bigger death star.
I had the issue before nougat. I searched and searched. Couldn't find a way to recalibrate. 
See, I had that issue before the nougat update. And now it's fine.
I thank you!



Edit: Oh come on!

Mod link?
Very arcade flight mechanics. Like a submarine flying in soup.
My cat lays on her back constantly... Is that funny/cute?

https://imgur.com/gallery/PSUY8
Oh man, yeah, I'm excited for you! you're gonna love skywanderers!
Weird that the problem is with the Android version itself and not the app itself or Google play services.. 

Because if I keep uninstalling they play store updates it works fine...
So I'm a veteran space engineers vet..

Physics is much more simple in SW. Is in no way the focus of the game, where as in SE, it's the focus. SW dev is mainly focused on gameplay and world building and actual gameplay. So the opposite of SE..

So as testers, we've loaded huge save games with multiple fully loaded logic, and gigantic ships. Not even a stutter.

Multiplayer is in its infancy. For the moment there's still no ui for it really. You just forward the ports. It's very barebones... That being said... The whole trailer was filmed in multiplayer... And as you can see there.. it's buttery smooth and no major issues were encountered as far as I'm aware. I didn't help make the footage. I just did all the SFX and music and the editing of them.
Dang. My little brother is 11...

That girl might not realize what she's done now... But she will down the line... Dang
First hit, normal arrow?
Now that is useful information... I would try this method if I knew that...
Yeah weird that they haven't removed it yet.
Yeah success rates are perfect with ancient arrow... 

With your gif, is it your horse running into that makes it go rolling?
I've killed dozens of guardians with shields only... Never more than 3 hits. I don't even have to move. Maybe boring, but reliable...
Kinda silly when all you need is a pot lid...
All that bonus stamina and hearts and everything...  When all you need is a pot lid, SMH.

I literally go farming for guardian loot with a pot lid...
Omg wheel physics overhaul! The hype is real!!
So I think it was a Google play services bug.

Instead of just doing: apps>Google play> uninstall updates... Do it to the play services app as well.

Then go here and update: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms

That has seemed to fix my issues... 


Please confirm.
Which version, link?
Jealous! Seed number?
So sun tanned hippies that are now 50yrs old and have a forever tan? Why is that?
Please tell me someone is recording this... I'm at work and can't watch right now...
The once and awhile occasional smallest bug. So occasional and so small I can't remember them.
How'd he get so many hearts!? There's not that many shrines are there?
If these terds are so cheap. Then we should just counter lobby and pay them as the people to vote the way we want...
I really need something better than VLC. I mean it works fine. I just would mind something a bit more professional.
Mac only FYI. Reason: they're a Mac only software house. 

Keep looking windows AV professionals... 😑
Gotcha. The point of the mod was to make a hull type that was friendly to the existing hull shapes. So this one is 3 mk2 hulls squished together.

Basic idea being decent cargo space mixed with good fuel space. but also high lifting force body. So minimal wing surface needed. That was the biggest purpose.

I got pretty far. I was doing the modeling configs, and a good chunk of the texturing. But I had two other people helping me. I started churning out adapters and hull pieces and couldn't keep up with the texturing and collision meshes needed, then the 2 guys left and I never finished...
It's early enough to be added probably. Or some sort of terminal linking system. Hit the discord and ask the dev.

But for now.. no scripting..
Nope. Don't know what that is..
I know. I never released it.

https://i.imgur.com/koO1uSe.jpg
Hopefully this Barry isn't an idiot...
Are you using my mod?
Agreed 
So how do I get my game save off of my Wii u USB flash drive? 
Chuwi Hi13 looks like it fits your need
i know, the main issue is still present. the UI is designed to be opaque.
we need an optimized Translucent UI for the terminal

my thought was:

Develop AI> 

teach AI Coding> 

have AI fix Multiplayer Code and all other bugs.
Except your fov is 🤢
That's not that b.....  Oh......  Snap....  Nevermind that is pretty b... OH WoW! Dear lord. 
I just realized I need more truss girders blocks in my builds. Looks really good! 
No pure sandbox like space engineers,  factions and lore WILL be in the game. We're discussing lore now. 
Wow.  They took note.  Neat 
Lore hasn't been addressed yet.  The Dev has expressed interest in letting the community develop the lore. 
Now build it with /r/skywanderers
Twitch stream of Skywanderers Gameplay: https://www.twitch.tv/videos/128337743

not a starmade guy. played it a year or 2 ago, didnt like it

I'm a space engineers vet. The games stop being similar after building ships out of blocks.  Space engineers is more of a physics simulator,  skywanderers has only the basics to facilitate gameplay. Which is great because there is no physics bugs at all. 

Also building wise is very nice because the blocks are smaller than in space engineers,  allowing for finer details. 

The logic gates allow you to have really cool control mechanisms without the need for scripting knowledge as well. 

Source : I'm a tester. 
Seeing him shift on the last frames looks weird,  like he's pretending slomo 
You can't fly it. You have to link a joystick to it
Link? 
Cool.  That's not this game.  I'm fairly certain ships with no definite front is an incredibly rare desire. If it's bigger, then I'm sure he'll listen to player feedback.  Maybe you can place multiple core blocks in multiple directions. I don't know, haven't tried

Until then,  jump on the discord channel and ask the Dev. He don't bite 
because not all seats are pilot seats...
just think of the ship core as the block that determines which seats are pilot seats if that helps you understand..

Can't wait.  Let's do this!
Unless bricks and blocks are separated by a mechanical part (piston, rotor, hinge),  they are not considered on separate grids and are as far as stability is concerned, the same grid. 

Now, 
If you put a mechanical part down on a grid however,  anything built off of that part is considered a separate grid.  

Also,
If on the off chance you come from space engineers, you might head that and think "clang!" do not worry.  After much testing,  even connected,  separate grids are completely stable. 
Determines the ship orientation.  
I hear ya man.  Sucks 
You can build a whole ship out of the studs, but you will at least need a engine, reactor, warp, and ship core block. Which are the big ones.   

Currently, if you shoot off a rotor the whole grid on it disappears. I think that's gonna change though. 
They put an explosive block in it for dramatic effect.  And there will be shields in the game soon. I think you can converge at multiple points.  Haven't tried though... 
I need either a dgpu or thunderbolt 3 with verified working egpu support
The Dev  welcoming people: https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=p8fOQcTZNFc
Just point them together.  That's it they auto converge 
So say we all.  When there's no single player content, you need good multi-player,  space engineers has neither... 
Some of you, understandably, aren't into the graphics style,  which is fair, and to each their own. 

Check out the YouTube channel though.  There's a bunch of great videos showcasing the mechanical prowess over other games in this genre,  

Logic gates,Poison, hinge, rotor stability, galaxy sized universe, FRAMERATES!
no clang in Skywanderers. just check the youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCITNnomMkqQv1aNi_8dxVBQ

lots of moving parts, they just clip through eachother
It certainly won't be as much physics oriented as Space Engineers. I personally think it's a good thing because you don't really get any Lord Clang here and the game is going for a "space opera" feel anyways. 
good please show your support and share! looks awesome!

##iamaskywanderer
Im down for this so hard!
yeah i know its in raster

Not ew. It's really handy for quick edits or throwing together nice graphics in a hurry.  

 the combine button
it would be the pixel persona i imagine. i want to select a color and convert it to transparency

We can dream!
I say this all the time and only me and my sister know where it's from.  We do the whole hand gesture and everything.  Lol were so dumb 
Looking good! Nice block shaping 
Gotcha,  to be honest,  I used to use PowerPoint for vector graphic design.. 😂 
They are impressively useful 
I bought just designer because I do vector for work.  But I might have to get the photo one if it's half as good as designer.. 
I heard of it.  I don't think it does vector and pixel in the same workflow.  That's what triggered my purchase
Dang.  I have that on my Avon7 
I've used gimp for almost a decade.  Just bought affinity designer. I'm in love!
No problem. I finished my frigate interior and did a quick walk-through.  I'll post it for the sake of content
Oh yeah! Lots going on in the background. We're gearing up for opening the floodgates. Don't you worry!

Sorry a lot of us got busy with helping the game behind the scenes and forgot to post content here. 
This is an extremely satisfying accurate explanation for how I feel. Kudos
Yeah I got it thanks
as someone who finds 99% of oscar acceptance speeches cringy... that would be a refreshing change
Even the year older firepro m8900 is a better card than that Quadro..
What's it supposed to do?
Dang didn't see that coming. The 12" AMOLED. Hopefully they're selling them to other manufacturers too..
Full and 2 connected. So I abandoned it and built a spaceship and it works fine. I wonder if it's a glitch cause I landed where there's no vehicle bay... I'll build another shuttle and try to replicate.
Istrolid is pretty fun. But I'd rather play on my phone or tablet.. 
How much hydrazine do you need to get 1 of something?
Well the guy they just brought on does gameplay mechanics. So I'm hoping things like this get addressed soon. But I love your idea! 

Right now the only reason I have to leave Terran is for all the loot on barren moon. 
If I click where the orange button will be, 1 nano second after I get in, it will launch. But then I get stuck in space because the orange button won't work.  

Also the blue domes won't work for re landing.. 
Guessing so as this is the second comment alluding as such.. I've never seen black mirror...

If anything. I guess it'd be similar to the meow meow beanz episode of community.
I planted 10 seeds. None of the blobs had any research underneath. Only gave me more seeds.  
I have the utopia one I quite like it
Make a 2 in 1 detachable with a pen and I'll be all over it.
I have 1 about 1000ft away, After like a hundred researchables... I've given up getting the winch. I might do this...

Ooh. I wonder if I can push it with a rover
My liver works extra hard to process my blood all the time anyway. My red blood cells nucleus never fully leaves when maturing and leaving the marrow, So apparently I have a pretty high tolerance for alcohol... I'm 6' 170lbs. Never been hungover. 
Maybe it could be added to stock Google contacts... That way you don't need to install a separate app and it is trusted..

But Google will never see this....
Lol. The toilet paper LCD. That's gonna be a problem...
/r/skywanderers 
Lol. The claps
oh! do i mask the small on to the large!?
 standby...


EDIT: i can't figure it out...
 
EDIT 2: nevermind. i tried combining and it didnt work, now its working
+1 what jmizzle said. 

I don't know what company you're working for. But I do exactly this, except, I'm more of a video engineer/ producer who works out of a warehouse and also does very basic audio. There's audio guys for the complex stuff.

It's a fun gig. Always changing and whatnot. Careful of the career path.. it can be a doozy schedule wise. 
Tis a great chip. 
I did the exact same thing almost a year ago. Kicking myself only a little. Really need the upgrade .. but also wanted to wait... Now I wish I did...
Cool cool. Just curious. Same atmosphere in space engineers.. so many people spending forever building in vanilla doing something the hard way when there's a quick and easy mod for it...

Why the hate for mods?
Dude. Yes. That show was good! I still get the theme song stuck in my head from time to time
A steam glitch according to the devs.

Source: their Twitter
eh, it happens, i have backed like a dozen things and none have failed yet. about 30% usually have a delay though.
It was, they kicked it to june or July to meet their strick quality resolution.

I don't even really care about it that much now that I've seen what their UI is for it. It's pretty terrible. 
I backed the superbook. I'll let you know when it arrives. But I like this concept far better. 

Technically you can try the superbook tech now. It's basically a custom launcher with a few apps thrown in that can run in windowed mode. Nothing half as fancy as they imply.

But remix ROM just means you actually can run everything in windowed mode.
I'm excited at the prospect of getting a custom ROM base for this...

I might even make a decision on what phone to get depending of it has  remix singularity rom support...

Interesting. How are they going to support a large number of devices running this custom ROM. Gonna depend on developers to port?
Ignore him. XDA forum used to be filled with threads full of people asking for ETA's, so now it's frowned upon to do so.

1- so the threads dont fill up with ETA posts

2- considered 'rude' because they work for free and there's no guarantee of release ever impllied..


Personally as an ex-content contributor for XDA, who dabbled in roms, themes, tweaks etc, I never minded people asking for ETA's. It helped me see that people were interested and gave me extra motivation knowing people were waiting on me...

Bottom line. Maybe don't ask for ETA's on XDA, because on there they will warn you not to, and because now you know it's taboo... 

But this guy is out of line jumping down your throat about asking here. this is not XDA, and it doesn't support and idea of an open and welcoming community...

All that was required was "it's not official, so we don't have an ETA. Maybe never" maybe, maybe throw in a little warning not to ask that on XDA, maybe!
It's considered taboo on XDA. This is not XDA calm down. Newbs be curious. 
1 meter cubed
Haha. I was reading another article about the trackers and was wondering if this was possible..
Someone had to stay true to NMS since NMS didn't stay true to NMS...
I love AV production! Very stimulating constantly new people and new work.
I'm just writing for stereo from the speakers to jump on LOS.
Oh yeah I forgot about that I've used it before.
Which lends itself to the point that all that flash isn't needed for wide appeal. Almost everyone I know loved this movie including people not really into sci-fi.
Gotcha thanks. So you can farm them near by for the researchables? How long to grow?
Can anyone help me find a way to download this in full 1440p ? 
How do the seeds work?
They used to be way cheaper, but interestingly nerf guns are collectibles. When they're discontinued the price triples. In that link you look down a few to the long shot. That was like $40 when it came out.
This is awesome! Great work.
Garantee the bezels are twice as thick as the ones in the pic. They always cheat them in the promo pics
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
It's based off a guy who makes small scale Lego space ships. Not my design. But I will take credit for adapting it to the blocks. Hehe. 
Lol go to China
The interior is cool because there's a lot of mechanisms that are either really hard to do in space engineers or impossible. But in SW it's easy.
Currently, if you shoot off a rotor the whole grid on it disappears. I think that's gonna change though. 
Rotors, hinges, pistons aren't vulnerable at all. Mainly due to the fact that skywanderers is nowhere near disagree engineers when it comes to physics. Objects on rotors can clip through the parent grid. At least for now. Makes it much easier to build.

I just finished the interior. The dev should be doing a review on it soon.
thats my design the thrusters are a 1x1x1 block that glows

For the benefit of what. The body is transplanted for the benefit of the life of the patient. The life of the patient is the head
You mean the glow effect?
Yeah, it's freaking awesome!
Awesome. I was blown away watching his dev videos and seeing the skybox with the gas giant and the rings was infact not a gas giant. 

Can't wait for you to play it. It's pretty great
80% done with interior. Http://streamable.com/rldsh
Feel free to sign up as a tester and support the game. /r/skywanderers
Note: the only hard part is to dial in the decimal point to get the pad to line up with the floor,
only way is trial and error
im 50% done with the interior. should be done in a couple hours

Did he just springboard of his horses face?
It's being made currently, you can follow the progress @ /r/skywanderers

And the dev puts videos up here Devlog: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjMyeFEHjPEKdLJZLdThTDiQNRNZpbwVO
Well in this the wings are on rotors. The antennae are just long slopes stacked over and under each other
Based off this guys' work: https://www.flickr.com/photos/dasnewten/7064967105
holy crap its beautiful!!!

no for real, this is officially my favorite thing built in Space Engineers


That just says for the headphones, that doesn't mean the mono crackling speakers are fixed. 

I mean, it's not huge, but it's enough to keep me from switching yet, but I am holding out, still on b29 waiting for LOS.

Here's another idea. If it blows up too close to your power OXY lines. It blows that up... 
Ha! Awesome!
They're decision to skin the UI at the loss of features is not relevant to then making affordable phones. They could have more easily left Android stock for less work and to the benefit of most of their customers
That's too bad. There was only a dozen or so in ours, but it was a laugh fest
I felt i laughed way more than I did in the Lego movie...

Source: we rewatched the Lego movie the day before we saw Lego Batman
Affirmative
That hideaway weapon system is legit, I'm gonna steal that.
Great, so you're saying even if i drive at the speed of light, I'll still get a speeding ticket
That's funny, cause it looks like 10 FPS.
So both speakers are working now?
Good guy riftcat! You deserve way more than the meager $10 you charge.
What it doesn't spin? But it's a circle!
That lyric video was the best part too come out of that interview. Didn't know it existed. 
No but his sarcastic point remains.. you have to manually remove these features that are built in. Why remove what's already built In
So I'm torn, my thoughts are with most of you, that it's a juvenile ego booster or whatever.

I had a Facebook in the early days for like a couple months and got rid of it.
I had Instagram for a year or 2 and i couldn't stand seeing all the cringy stupid stuff people post. So I deleted it 2 years ago. 

Now I'm irritated. EVERYONE I know uses Instagram to keep in touch socially...

I found out through my wife because of an Instagram pic that my cousin was engaged. I found out one of my childhood friends was moving away weeks after the fact from someone mentioning it and everyone who had Instagram knew...

As much as I don't want to use it, I feel like I'm just gonna follow close friends and family so I'm not missing all their major life events anymore...

Nobody calls or even texts anymore. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills. 
I'm not giving you a magical golden pass. But AV is a really easy entry level gig that usually doesn't require college.
It can be demanding schedule wise. But depending on the particular branch you go into... You can travel a bunch, and get paid really well for traveling.

If you get good in a specialized area. You can be in quite high demand...
Live video production is not as saturated as audio is and therefore in usual high demand especially depending on the area you live in. And you can start to freelance if you get tired of the schedule. 

Source: iama live video production engineer
Good to know, thanks for looking into it for me
Well, it's not, it's $10. Vridge only works for 10 minutes consecutively. So it lets you try for free to see if it works
I'm using smart launcher and it's still taking color from my wallpaper
Feb 16
Qrvr is not free. But it did what you want and works very well
No I was asking about adoptable storage where Android blends the internal and external together.
Is micro SD card adopting supported?
It's not free but qrvr is the best one.
~~Girls are always naked around me... so I'm good.~~

There's never any girls around me... so I'm good. :/
Dude, that actually looks amazing. I hope this is a mechanic not a bug
Geffen ftfy
Just means we have to use different thrusters for braking or use a velocity killing manuver script
I toyed with the idea of opening the keyboard and putting magnets in..
It's not done. Right now I'm playing with attaching a support to the usb connector for support
If I was opening it up I would have thrown in a lithium ion pack and charging circuit and USB port
Wow this sounds awfully familiar...
I started working on this today. Cut up marker and am trying to attach it to the usb. The marker cut up gives the stylus support and conceals the ugly part of the USB  
Raisins
no idea. its pretty crappy

i have one, but its broken. otherwise i totally would print out a casing

yeh, their mobile sdk is a side thing
well its more of that motion to photon isnt their problem and there is nothing they can do about it because its dependent on vridge not them.

so they literally cant comment on that aspect
I hope a good many other things make you wish you didn't have an iPhone
There's one on Kickstarter right now called selffly. Exact same concept
Instructions unclear, killed 11 year old cousin and harvested him for his cells. Didn't find any stem cells...
they  are really just packaging headsets that are available to buy anywhere. just look them up on google

you can try now to see if your hardware is good enough. download and try this: https://riftcat.com/vridge

and try to run a steam game.

Hot Damn! its only been up for like an hour and its already 50% backed!
Hot Damn! its only been up for like an hour and its already 50% backed!

EDIT: and after only 6 hours its backed
Basically done: needs new landing gear system and paint job. But I don't know how I'm gonna redo the landing gear yet...

I can't forget words that are attached to movie quotes, so I would have remembered eugoogley.
Nice find!
Sure that would be great!
There's no evidence to support that dimensions outside of our own are no spatial. Logically infact, it makes sense that we are 3 dimensional beings that see in 2d. And a 4th dimensional being would see in true 3d, allowing them to see in out and all arpund a 3D object, just like as 3D beings we can see in out and all around a 2d object. You can follow the logic down. No reason to assume it doesn't also go up.
so in space you can see the glow of the skattered atmosphere. but in the atmosphere of the planet you cant see the glow anymore?
some of that is because of whatever FOV you set it to. the wider the FOV the smaller things will appear
we get it you Vive!
also why we can make awesome rover sleds

dont be too angry. this spherical collision is why we get the awesome rover sleds.
Who da heck is Alex?
Survival games with toilet and sleep
Great service, highly recommended
Can't stop watching...
Which is interesting, because Android framework is designed to scale to any screen size and ratio. So those app devs are working directly against the way is designed.
No it was in the thumbnail in mobile
The copy paste type command you used made me realize how badly I want it in space engineers. Haha.
Signed up. Hope I can help in anyway I can.
I'd much rather use your skills and my creativity to program a sick campaign.

I've been poking around the visual scripting tools and am starting to get the hang of it.. but could sure use a pro to save hours of troubleshooting...
Looks nothing like that. But there are some on the workshop. I tried building a to scale one before I realized what I thought was the front of the ship is the back. That made me angry and I stopped.
Biggest technological breakthroughs. And what the kids are into... So I don't seem out of place.
Some would say, no man's sky was a bad game that's getting better....
Or scramblers
Doubt it. It would be pretty easy to photoshop
I'm trying to learn the visual scripting tool to accomplish just this... I wanted to have a seamless crash. But I'm gonna have to make it a new level after the crash to guarantee that the things I don't want destroyed aren't...


Smart launcher FTW. Long live SL
Only and Biggest disappointment of the Axon 7. Hopefully they address it in future phones.

Technically the only video out of the USB C port I think that is possible is display link enabled connectors. It is a video over USB protocol. It's what andromium is going to be using in their superbook to get it to work with phones that don't support mhl.

It's possible that other display link devices would work with it as well...
4a6324

expires 1 hr
I love the artistic juxtaposition
She just keeps acting. Give her an Oscar!
wow! hype thrusters Engaged!!!
Don't forget with thunderbolt and egpu support
AV tech reporting in. Down with Apple!!!
Localcast app has this.
Too much anger, not enough sass
Not lifting the seat when I pee apparently.
I had a similar experience in a car where I came to terms with my death in an instant, several hours later though, I couldn't process still being alive. Like some glitch in the system I couldn't handle I had accepted death and now was alive. I don't understand why but that inability to process caused me to cry myself to sleep. 

Sound familiar?
Well, you're about to get fired for not having any of the skills I do... But there's free wine and food at this thing... So have fun with it.


Also you're getting over being sick, not getting sick.
Prophecy states that one day there will be a traveler who will do so. This traveler will become two with a zebra ball and it's companion, and the balls together joined through the conduit of the one, will populate the heavens with their holy seed.

And so it is written, and so it shall be.
Widget implementation is not great. You get 1 spot for a widget on your main page. Then you get a separate area for widgets that doesn't have a smooth transition to. But I don't really use widgets too much anymore.
Smart launcher master race checking in! 👍
Smart launcher master race reporting in! 👍
Somebody add some flying equations and formulas across this
Triggered!
Probably could have avoided buyout if they didn't do that.
Cool, let me know, I'm curious.
Looks like a sync issue, maybe... The fact that it's always there though...

In your dmps, try scaling the output resolution to a different refresh rate. 


Oh, I didn't realize that's why nobody played twin peaks... I've been playing since early access.
I'll play a little bit. I really prefer twin peaks.
I am one with the zebra ball.

The zebra ball is one with me.

I am one with the zebra ball.

The zebra ball is one with me.

I am one with the zebra ball.

The zebra ball is one with me.
Dragon Ball Zebra
Apparently the one under glass had functioning side panels. 
Been using it since '09.

Trained in auto cad and auto desk. Company uses vectorworks. SketchUp is just so dang quick, easy and intuitive. Keeps me coming back.

Biggest con, I wish there was viable vanilla UV map tools.
Nice, USB type C. Too bad they can't seem to put that on their surface tablets with thunderbolt 3 and egpu support
If you're not going to use it? Can I buy your USB controller board from you?
Hangouts
You successfully booted remix 3.0 on your chuwi hi10 pro?
i love sketchup! its my favorite modeling program, but fyi its not owned by google anymore

With that out of the way, Give us the Blueprint!!!!
It definitely shows potential. 

I feel like astroneer is much closer to what you are looking for though if you want similar to Subnautica.
I've made mods before for other games, know how to model and texture. But I've read there's a special tool you have to use to export the textures for space engineers.

Just curious how much of hassle it was. 
How hard is the texturing. Thinking of making some mods.
Worst detachable I think was the XPS 12. You see how that one attached?
As a video engineer, this article has some pretty cringy parts.
I completely disagree. The surface pros are uncomfortable on the lap. The surface book even has a dedicated GPU built into the keyboard, and it's georgous! 
Surface book is almost perfect. Just needs thunderbolt 3 with egpu support.
Well the stylus is a selling point to me. The lack of backlit keys is a turn-off, no pun intended.
But I really want a detachable tablet chromebook with stylus.

 So I guess neither are for me.
I don't understand. You do install work. Another company installed rooms at your company? Their 1 yr service plan is up. You will be expected to fix the rooms should they break down? You don't want to do this. So you want to work for a different av company? But you're not certified yet. So you want to get certified...?

Either way to the infocomm website. There's online training courses and practice tests you can take. Beware. The stuff they say is on the test is not on the test. Most of it is sales and customer relations and business running guidelines. Like 60%.
Should have been a detachable tablet...
You can. There's tons of apps for it.
Don't know about him. But I use chrome remote desktop. It's really solid!
I know right! I'm drooling over it to replace my workstation laptop!!

https://imgur.com/gallery/Ovpsc
We just bought a dozen 302x which are basically the same, slightly brighter. Seem like a good projector.
Correct send it to ZTE and they will fix it for an $80 deductible.
Link?
Praise be to the zebra ball!
Galaxy Nexus!!
Blender is free and can convert to fbx
Lg thrill (lg Optimus 3D)
Galaxy Nexus and one plus one
Nice try Mariah...

I work in live production AV. There are always speakers facing the stage for vocal and instrumental reference.