This is so close to home... my gosh.  My thoughts and prayers to those affected. This is saddening. 
Congrats!  
Err...as a pet, the owner would have to take caution. 
Venomous flying snakes. 
iPhone 6, has been lagging in the texting department. When I text one of my friends, the QWERTY keyboard takes a while to load. 
This morning, my cellphone provider, clock and battery status were missing. I powered off the phone and turned it back on. It’s okay for now, but still buggy.  I’m not too thrilled with iOS 11. 
[Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence](https://youtu.be/LGs_vGt0MY8). The song is stuck in my head.
My entire life. 
( ^ - ^ )ゝ 
Flamethrower, until one runs out of fuel...
Exotic car collections.  
Stomachache. Stabbing pain in the tummy.
Yeah, we can get a little meh. It's genetics. 
For me, I liked Katy Perry and Lady GaGa. I don't really have a worst. Every musician has their own creative schtick. 
"I'm here to offer you a quest"
People commenting every scene while the movie is rolling, and not letting others enjoy the movie. 
I do apologize for not making myself more clearer.  In some parts, I meant the U.S. is going back in time. For example: Planning to leave NAFTA.  When I feel they should be working with other nations to improve each other. And I'm not a Trump hater. I didn't say anything about Trump. 
Depends on which nation... I feel the U.S is going back in time. 
The people I hangout with or surround myself with. If you don't like them, that's your issue. Nobody said you needed to tag along. 
We're a Mazda family, and I don't recommend Mazda. We've had more trouble than anything else. 2007 Mazda 3 went in for a lots of repairs, and it has 63,000 km on it.  The 2010 Mazda 5, so far so good. It's been behaving... ^*Knock ^on ^wood*
Yeah, I'm locked in a 2 year contract with Rogers. After these deals were made. 
I'm currently addicted to Assassin's Creed: Origins. My SO got me the game. I love the history in the game, the story, and everything. The graphics of Egypt is amazing, Hehehe.   
I liked the idea of merging balances online. I guess to the store it is now!
Bionic Woman (2007)
If the movie theatre isn't packed, I guess it's okay. As long as it doesn't affect the person sitting in front of you.
2017 doors. 
The person sitting near the Cafe counter.
Since GTA5 online stopped releasing updates for the PS3.  
I have a $100,011,237 bounty on me.   
*Le sigh*
Learn a new skill 
Me: "*Hello????*"
Awwwwwww indeed to the both. Your son is basically saying "Had a ruff day?"
They sent me a replacement, with a better item replacement.
Hm... I feel my phone's step counter is a little skewed.  
 I usually have around 6,000- 10,000 steps by the end of the day. 7am- 6:30pm.   
I usually stay inside the office.
Sending Holiday cards over the mail. I still do this because one of my relatives continues the tradition. 
Thank you for the tips and words of encouragement good sir!
Aw darn, I must be the few who likes her.    
Happy cake day by the way!!!
Their mannerisms, and personalities. If they're rude to others, and nice to me. Errrr.... 
Tom Hanks, Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Ryan Reynolds, and Ryan Gosling, George Clooney. Those are a few I could name at the moment.
Salmon, it's more crispy and caramelized. 
Not seeing black ice under snow.
Hearing Aids are now compatible with certain smartphones. 
How to change brake disc pads, rotors. 
Might as well get the deluxe edition at that point. -____-''  
*Le sigh*
Gym membership! Or lessons on how to maintain a car. 
LMAO!!
Whaaaaaat? That's one magazine I won't look at again. TIL.
That people can't drive for beans...
I'd still get it, if I owned an Xbox One. Despite the reviews, LOL.  

I've played PUBG on pc as well. No complaints from me.
Debating between a purse or pair of boots. 
Saying "eh" too many times. 
Not necessarily him saying much lines, but his presence would have been nice. Force ghost presence. 
I really enjoyed the movie. It didn't feel long to me at all, every scene and detail seemed right to me.  
However, I do have a few questions.  
 
Where was Obi-Wan's force ghost and Anakin's force ghost? 

Recently, I wasn't feeling well so I was lying in bed. And I really wanted a grape flavoured drink. My S.O. was out with his family, and went out of his way to bring me the drink.  It was really sweet of him.  Seeing him that day made me feel better.  

Love youuu sweetie!!
iMac 2009 (Nov 2009). Updated the ram to 12gb.  A little slow, but still gets the work done. 
I regret updating to 11.2.  Ugh. 
Not keeping up with their health checks?
The internet is a basic "necessity". I don't think I would stop using it, since I use it to pay bills and stuff. 
The tone in their words? their attitude towards certain topics? 
Do you mean using parent as a reason to avoid events? 
Something my mom would do too. Moms.... they know. Savage mom, but I still love her. LOL
I go to my bed, and sometimes cry secretly. ^Not^a^secret^now...
To me it means, one could support themselves (food, utilities, a place to stay). 
Thought the third one was "Goat" only.
I wear Icebreaker's Merino wool stuff. The 200-260 fill long sleeved. It's a little bulky, but it keeps me warm. They just had a cyber monday sale... [Most of the good stuff is sold out](https://www.icebreaker.com/en/web-specials?prefn1=gender&prefn2=productType&prefv1=Womens&prefv2=Base%20Layers). If y'all decide to get one, make sure you set the shipping to your retrospective country.
Thank you Lordpsymon! I mean.... Lordspymon.
Texting use to cost a few cents, per message sent. 
I read your name as "Lordspymon"
Someone who has diarrhea...
If I live closer to work, or have an commute under 1 hour. That would be better LOL. But yeah, I would have an extra hour of sleep. Or gym sessions.
I agree, this is kind of entertaining. When I saw the r/arrow sub like this. I immediately told my friend. Oh, and The Punisher is good too!
Sold have sold the car when it had 30,000km. And trade in for a better car. 
This certain car dealership soon. My family purchased the car there, and lately it's been giving us problems. The car has about 63,000 km in. It's about a decade old. We always went to them for maintenance, and oil changes. For the past decade. This month alone we took the car in to the dealer, a couple of times. They couldn't resolve the issue. They're just as baffled as I am. 
Santa Claus
Omg... 
It only took Fefe about 5 hours to decide, after rejecting Ollie in the first place. Then asking Ollie to marry her. 
I feel for you OP.  
I also think it's because I'm older now? I could understand why she did these things. But I also think she needed some help too. I hope she found some.
Me not looking on my phone. While everyone else is on their devices.
Not so much hate now, I actually feel sorry for her. Back when maybe in 1999-2000, there was this teacher. She basically had a temper, so when the students didn't give her the correct answer. She'd "lightly" hit the students, with a folder or some sort. She wasn't the most patient teacher in the world. She got a few complaints, which ultimately cost her. Her job. 
Sensing a disturbance in the force. But really, I could sense something is off. 
Touché, and hopefully no awkward conversations at the dinner table.
"Binaural".  I often add an extra "u". Bin~~u~~aural. 
It's like meh, ask Ted to do something. He's just chill, and shrugs it off. Karen, I don't know. She's in her own world. Seeing her and Billy's interaction was kind of weird for me. 
Omg LOL
Mind blown....
I loved how Eleven was finding herself, going far and wide to uncover things. I'm not sure how I feel about Billy's storyline. His mom and step-dad just randomly show up? Where were they??
I have too many favourite characters, lol.  
In season 3, I would like to see other members from the lab. The "numbers" show up. And a little more background of Billy's background. 
Almost getting hit by a car, while I was walking on the sidewalk. 
The struggle is real.
Piano, because any genre sounds nice. [Flashing Lights- Kanye West](https://youtu.be/U1DDLvTHWZ8)
You have an memory of an elephant.
(Let me go) Will not let you go
Bismillah! No, we will not let you go. (Let him go!)
I guess people are in a rush to drop their kids off? But yeah, I don't get why they'd be pissed either. 
School zones, are 40 km/h. 
Spare him his life from this monstrosity
Thank you!
(Galileo) Galileo, (Galileo) Galileo, Galileo figaro magnifico
The first 2 wasn't too bad. 2002 and 2004 wasn't bad. 
Spider-Man, why so many. 
Putting feet up, and relaxing. 
LOL! 
Not paying a lot of taxes
I see a little silhouetto of a man  

Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango?


"Sorry, I won't give you my homework"
[Last Dance- Jeremy Olander, Cristoph](https://youtu.be/y95oNZsOOYs) helps with the morning commute to work. 
I once heard that the person wasn't attracted to person, was because they sounded like their relative. 
See myself in the mirror, then check if my family is around. 
Meteora- Linkin Park
When they put up with your different versions of yourself. And try to support you. 
The coffee shop.  Oh no....
5:45am, but I hit the snooze until 6:00am
I'd probably invested money early. Save money in early 20's.  
When people ask me how my day was, and instantly cut me off as I was about to speak. *Why ask me then if one doesn't want to listen...*
Could be good or bad. 
Meh, not really. It'll be the same as the present. 
I like Toy Story, definitely hits the childhood feels. 
Are you a drunk monkey?
The genome/ biology part. 
That is a fun game to play. 
I'm a few years shy from 30. I don't feel like an adult at all. Maybe sometimes. 
Psycho
Heh, he probably heard plenty of those. And had gotten use them. 
Past self would ask "What happened to you?"
While in surgery, the Anesthesiologist said I was going to nap for a bit. 
I use Instagram on its own, I use Facebook from time to time. But mostly Instagram.  I have Instagram followers separate from my Facebook. I didn't connect them for my account. 
Not a lot, and I follow close friends/ family. Certain celebs too. 
Instagram, it's easier for me. 
Metal Gear Solid series, taught me about science and other things.
Magic School Bus series, err Arthur the Aardvark.  Robert Munsch books. 
I'll give you a belly rub. 
My graphic tees. 
There's a centipede crawling somewhere in your basement. Because I have one right now, that i'm trying to capture. It's bugging me.
Getting through people who are busy taking selfies, before their phone battery dies. 
I take my shoes off at homes. Unless the homeowner asks me not to...  
Socks for me, usually. 
Omg that stage, was by far the most stressful part. The urge to clear that stage. And the feeling of clearing it. 
Electricity, water. 
Eminem
Metal Gear Solid 4, because it felt like an eternity to complete it. Watching cutscene and cutscene. It was worth it. 
Because they're slowly processing their feelings.
Smiling, and thanking them. 
True, that's a good start. For me, fun would be hanging out with friends. Or Playing some video games. 
Flyings cars. Still waiting for those.
When they express too much of an interest in me, when I don't necessarily feel the same to them. For example: Small chit-chat like the day, and weather is fine. But asking me where I live, and wanting to go places together.When we had just met 2 minutes... that's a little meh for me.  When the gut check kicks in.
Tom Cruise
Da
If they get waaaaay too personal, and start asking me questions about my life.
Lying in bed.
My news source
Chicken and eggs combined. 
I use the Face shop eyebrow pencil, and some Benefit gimme brow volumizing gel. And the Benefit arched eyebrow stencil, because I can't draw my own eyebrow lines for beans. 
Also, I like to add. If you're in different environments, the premium might benefit you better. 
CrApple
Hm... if women are pregnant or not. 
That's just the tip of the iceberg. 
Like you're important to them.
Go for a walk. Stretch.
Sleeping
Is it stuck to the side, in the laundry washer?
Surgeons, Doctors.
Asians being good at math. Nope, not me. 
The struggle of picking up the change... coin by coin. 
Hehehe, Star Wars: Return of The Jedi.  Admiral Ackbar saying *"It's a trap!"*
When you realized the time had gone.
Cats
Someone once broke a port on a device. They were meant to attach a new wire to it. Instead, they broke the port. And we had to send it in for a repair. Something that would have taken 15-20 minutes to at the office, ended up taking 8 days to fix. Because of the mistake.
On a dating website. Then we met in the real world. 
Ahahaha, it sure was or is? 
True, however I let them dry first. 
Let's just say, I've been getting these emails and calls lately. Even at work. Hahaha. 
12:00- 12:30pm.  Possibly later, depending on how much work I get done. 
A zoom in shot, towards my face. As I slowly squint my eyes.
Cross pen, or Pilot V5 pen. 
Hyena or hyenas, their laughs would be off putting. 
Ahahaha, "dank memes. Touché, I see what you mean.  
Random $5000 lottery win. When you didn't initiate the lottery in the first place. 
I wouldn't consider it as a dealbreaker- if they reddit or not. My S.O. reddits a lot. I reddit, once in a while (like now) LOL.  
To each their own
People accidentally brushing my shoulder, as I nap on the subway. Without those brushings, I would have slept through my stop to work. 
Have no one on board. Not even me. 
When the pigeons start shitting on them. You'll know why. I feel for you. 
Hm... iPod Mini. [The dancing silhouette, with Feel Good song.](https://youtu.be/CuFNq0uxLgA)
Are there "No Feeding Pigeons" signs around? Aw man, poor waiters. 
Not me, but my relative was in the washroom one time. And the lights went out. Power outage. They didn't bring their phone with them. It was absolutely pitch dark. My relative had to feel their way out of the washroom. After that experience, my relative often asks me or my sibling to accompany them. 
Hm..certain manners?
Something about Okami... all of it. 
Slap the vampire. 
Speak in a tone, where it doesn't sound defensive. 
We probably would have a fist bump ritual. 
*"Why do you look angry?"*  
I'm not angry...  It's how my face is. 
Animaniacs
Cards Against Humanity
Amazon forest 
Listen to some music, or play some GTA5 games. 
25th Birthday. Because ^it ^^rounds ^^^up ^^^^to ^^^^^30. 
I think my first word was "Dada". Easier to say? 
I have my water bottle... *So*...
Yep, the look on their faces. 
Try hanging out at local social events. Community centres? Gyms?
Infinite amount of ammo, when the character doesn't have any clips/ magazines on them.
You're not in the same country...
When your heart skips a beat, every time they call or video call.
Going to the wrong bathroom. 
Teleporting machine, is what you need?
Everyday if possible.  Seeing the "I love you" words, could mean a lot. 
Heh heh, thanks!
Ignore him? Don't respond to any of his tweets? 
Obscured?
Nope, definitely not a dancer. However, I'd go with the robot. 
This sorta reminds me of the Mike Rowe: Dirty Jobs episode. Septic tanks. Yeah those are doozy. 
Establishing eye contact. 
Pedestrians who can't make up their mind if they want to cross the street or not.  I had one last week, took them 5 minutes to decide.
5 minutes felt an eternity.
Sleep
Meh, still figuring out. Should have a plan around mid-20's. 
A better career position.
Asking *why* to every question.  
"Why do you have to use the washroom?"
I'd be the "Drunkunmunky" 
I went to both CC stores, the ones beside each other. To find a phone for the office. Couldn't tell the difference at first...  I think there use to be 3?  The other one was at Augusta and College (It's a Pharmacy now).  And if I remember correctly, one of the 2 CC stores had a fire. Not too long ago. 
Take my money!
I went to a billiards pool hall, near Wuhua Road/ Siping Road.  It was near the McDonald's and Bank of Communications.  I'm not sure if it's still there, I passed by them last year... 
Part of my adolescent years just died. Hearing the death of Chester is hitting me. I'm in denial. Rest in Peace Chester.  My thoughts and prayers to his family. 
I can't believe this. Woke up to hearing Chris' passing.  
RIP Chris Cornell. Gone too soon.
Focus on yourself, and heal. Enjoy the remaining days of your trip.
Hey OP, hang in there. This recently happened to me as well. It can be emotionally taxing, but you got to hang in there. Fight for SO. 
La La Land
LOL
I feel the pain...
If I should go back to sleep, or get up. 
Communication is key. Now if one of the parties is unable to handle it, without being hurt. Then hmmmm. You and your SO definitely need to have a sit down, casual talk. Speak without offending each other. If your SO gets angry for no reason, try another tactic. Good luck OP!
This puts me in a pawsitive mood. Thank you! 
If I'm close enough to one, where I haven't been eaten....yet.  LOL. 
This is sort of a red flag for me, especially the part  
> He's called me every name in the book and if I get upset over it, he gets very angry....   
  
Like the previous commenter mentioned, this is emotional abuse. Over the long run, all of this is going to add up. Are you going to put up with him treating you like this every time?  
  
3 years of your life now, see yourself in the future... 5 years from now, would you be happy?     
   
Hi Kate, what you're feeling and going through is normal. Like the other commenters have mentioned, not to worry. Take this one step at a time. You got this.
Oliver is *sooooooooooo* vulnerable right now. 
Thanks OP, I'm going to go watch the Animated series again. LOL
Who you calling guy? LOL
Rogers aka "Robbers". 
Wow, amazing work.
I couldn't agree more. When it feels right and ready, that's the time to get married.  
  
And congrats to you! 
Review company products, tune into seminars related to work. Organize forms, clean equipment. Write notes.
My conscience. 
Interview with the Vampire.... would be hm.... 
One time, all 3 lines of the subway were shut down. Due to control communications breakdown.  The shuttle buses were running, but it was still a disaster. The transit staff weren't getting any updates about the situation. 
Yeah, I can think in other languages too. Cantonese, French, Mandarin.  I use to be able to think in Hakka, now I can't.
For me, not really. I've seen some people in the field with tattoos. I could get a tattoo or piercing and my boss wouldn't mind. As long as the tattoo or piercing isn't offensive. 
English and Shanghainese, I think I learned them at around the age of 2? Possibly earlier? 
I actually think in both languages equally. It depends on what though, sometimes I do find myself swearing in language A, as to B. 
[This one?](https://youtu.be/iuJDhFRDx9M)
I think Ragman will be back, he hasn't wrapped up yet. 
A homage to Cody Rhodes. I actually liked Cody Rhodes in the episode.
Observing how they speak to people is another way. 
Croissants are sharp. 
$10, near a Salmon swimming upstream river.
When everyone I know turned to the dark side. Can't beat them, so I might as well join them. LOL
Heart sinking into gut.
Exactly, I couldn't agree more. 
Wow, I like how you went through this thoroughly.  
  
Sara, I could actually see her coming back. For a few episodes, to find answers then go back to L.o.T.  
  
That Black Canary Potato statue though.... I'm not digging it. 
I see what you did there....
Running out of chocolate, that got me going with the water works. Pretty funny, now that I think of it. 
Alternate universe Batman
Ugh
Write a list of things that one has spent.  
For example:  Coffee XL double double: $2.10,  
Lunch $8.00,  

And so on.... keep track of money spendings, and take it from there.  
                     
Here's a hug, from me as well. 
Four, almost in burst mode. 
The computer...
That would... cost me my job, lol. 
With the work I do, ignoring them would cause more damage. 
Touché, well said.  Thank you for your input!
Thank you!
HAHAHA!!!! Actually, that's close. 
When you have lots of options, and a plan in case the first one backfires. 
LOL! Wish I could say that...however it could cost me my reputation.
Some of the complaints are about past technologies. For example: "How come technology now is so crap, as compared to before" 
Ken Shamrock. 
Grade 9 Shakespeare lines. 
Wouldn't the car ~~normally~~ *survive* that kind of pole hit?  I mean speaking in GTA terms, not IRL. 
When they start mentioning, how no one visits them. Or they talk on and on, about themselves. 
Try harder in school, don't slack off so much.
Heh, and also [Midnight City by M83](https://youtu.be/dX3k_QDnzHE)
[4am by Kaskade](https://youtu.be/Xl9lQonO_RQ). 
Unchartered 4. 
Staying hydrated. One can lose themselves in a 3 hour game session.
My hair eventually grew out and I got over it. It did take me a while to go back to my hairstylist, since they chopped off a huge chunk of my hair. 
Your gaming actions speak louder than words. Don't worry about how you sound. 
Kleenex, waterbottle, Shovel.
Be safe and watch your drink. 
I didn't quit FB yet. I just left it as is, although I have to learn how to disable updates going to my email. *So and so just updated their status.* 
Depends on how mad the woman is.... Try talking to her? Apologize even though she's mad. 
Watching the NBA finals, and sleep.... 
Especially those road trips. Thanks for the tip OP. 
Probably not having my own place. Or possibly it's time to move out, and they're kicking me out. 
I went home after prom, I was so tired. My heels killed my feet. All the girls were in bare feet by the end of the night. There were broken glass all over the carpet. We had to dodge broken glasses like lava. 
I'd say the person would have different outfits for every subreddit. Wardrobe change in every 2 seconds. Dang, that's a lot of clothes.
You got this! Support crew here! 
I'm sure they'll be the size of baguettes soon. 
Same. Got bills to pay. 
I'm sorry to hear OP.  You got to start eating again, not for you. But for your 3 year old. Yeah, it's tough. You can do this. 
Not necessarily, it depends on the situation. 
Good to see Del Potro and Federer's name again. I missed them both so much at the French Open. 
Spider-Girl! I guess I'll be swinging neighbourhood to neighbourhood. Maybe give my mentor a good web slap, for showing up late. 
My neighbours completed their landscaping interlock, during a severe rainstorm. The winds were at least 70 km/h. We looked outside the window, and they waved at us. O___o
What girl?  
Then no worries. 
LMAO! I paid to talk! 
> Am I supposed to be worried about these when they light up while the car is running, or when they light up at any time?  
  
When the lights are on, when you're driving/Engine running. Then yeah, you might want to take the car in to a garage. 
Too bad my friend and I can't join you and your friend. We have PS3's instead. One day, when she gets a PS4 we'll join you. Battlefield, to be honest I haven't played the game myself. I can't really tell you much about it. Sorry. 
Have you tried searching on Corsair's website?   [Australian sites here](http://www.corsair.com/en-ca/where-to-buy)   
It went back to Canada for me, when I clicked the link. Try inputting Australia, and your region. 
LMAO. Wouldn't that also land one in a jail cell too? Making new friends at the jail cell, I see... Is that one of your tips too?
Am I happy with my current job setting? Do I want to be better, and make a better life for myself and others?
When I noticed my mom's reactions aren't as sharp as compared to a few years ago. The more I think about this, the more I become concerned. 
My friend and I have been through the same boat. Waiting for others to join heists, sometimes it took hours for 2 more people to join. Yeah.  My other friend once suggested Battlefield, and Killzone. Have you tried those two?
I think the K70 Blue LED's you're looking for, is discontinued because of the faulty LED lights.  The Red LED lights are the substitute for the Blue LED lights. 
[Here OP, the Red lighting](http://www.newegg.ca/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16823816053).  
[Here's the multicolour RGB lighting](http://www.newegg.ca/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16823816060)  
  
Edit: formatting
Maybe, as well. There's a certain Internet service provider out there being a butt, internet's been acting weird. 
Have you tried playing Call of Duty series? GTA 5 is pretty fun in my opinion.
"What the fudge"
Sad. It wouldn't feel right at all. 
It's hammer time!
A bit of both. 
I guess new work computer it is!
To the wall...
One can wish.... I also think Flying cars would have a lot of sensors for other incoming flying cars. Coming into one's direction. Especially for erratic driving/ piloting behaviour. 
Staring at the butterfly killed me, while reloading. 
Sleeping Dogs. 
Fish Oil. Oh wait... there's ice cream from 3 years ago in the frozen section. 
Do you work on core exercises?
Flying cars! Hover cars. Teleportation maybe?
The scenery on my way to work. Or subway delays. 
Thanks for the upload, nostalgia all right here for me. Wow. 
I didn't read the book in high school. I know many of my friends did, I somehow didn't. I still can't seem to grasp the book in my head even now in 2016. 
You're very welcome. We're all here to help each other. Good luck OP, I wish you well. You got this. 
Fantastic Flour
LOL! Thanks for the laugh. I normally put butter on my popcorn, and pair it with Ice tea. 
You didn't screw up, you're doing a lot right now. Finding any available jobs to help the family.  There are some times, where you got to take care of yourself before you could take care of others. Don't give up OP. You could do this. 
I made a Powerpoint, to prove my reasons. Pun intended.
Give yourself some time, and space to think it out. Once, when you're ready. Go back and tackle school down. From what I understand, you're tired,  and you're the breadwinner of the family. It's tough, you can do this OP. Give yourself some time. Think things through.
The Great Gatsby, for the life out of me. I can't read that book. It doesn't appeal to me. I didn't watch the movie either. The book is collecting dust right now. 
Get a tattoo you're not going to regret. 
Use it as motivation. Life moves on, keep trying and don't give up. There will always be the naysayers, if you did your best then that's that. 
5:40am and 5:45am. Waking me up for work. 
English, Mandarin, Cantonese, Shanghainese, French. I understand some Japanese, Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese.
LOL! the song is stuck in my head now. 
I didn't start dating until I was in my 20's. So I guess, 22-23 years of being single? I liked being single at that time. Now in a relationship. 
What the unicorns
That episode was by far the best for me. So much waterworks that day. 
Your neighbour... angers me too. I feel the anger from your dad.
Ninjas chopping onions again. 
My beau asks me how's work or how's your day everyday. It means a lot to me, because everyday is different. No day is the same. 
Touché, that's a good name for Las Vegas. 
His Snapchat. I think lots of people follow him.
Work related, I was waiting for an invoice that would explain why the manufacturer couldn't repair a product. I spoke to the rep on the phone asking them to write a reason, why they couldn't repair the product. When I received the product, and invoice. The manufacturer didn't mention anything on their invoice. Defeats the purpose of me calling them. -__-
My dad once got this [coin](http://www.coinsandcanada.com/medias/pieces-de-monnaie/1-dollar-1982-constitution1.jpg)
Yeah, I went through that wave. 
A rail gun, unless that's happened already. Then I really need to complete MGSV. 
I may need to get my eyes checked again... I read the title as "...Batman talks expansion, Olympics"
A raise.
For not getting the right answer in math. This was when I was in grade 4. 
When people think I'm part of my boss' family. 
You got your point across. Boldly. LOL.
You're right! The explosions were so explosive, nothing fell apart! 
I like the giant text. Makes you sound more serious and angry, when you're really not. LOL. 
I understood what you meant, LOL. I focused mostly on helicopters... CGI helicopters. Where it didn't even affect the trees. Some helicopters those were. The trees weren't impressed. 
> ...the hacker died had to die in the process  
  
LOL!  Anyways Op, you didn't miss much. Oh wait, Malcolm was no where to be seen in this finale. 
Where did Malcolm go? I didn't even see him around. 
You're the hero we need! Does your phone fit in them pockets nicely?
I agree with Nukari. Speak to your audiologist, in a way where she won't feel you've been on Reddit. LOL. The majority of people I've spoken to, they also have the same issue as yours. Fear not. Wait, your audiologist put you on 100% acclimatization already?
The defending champs. 
Hm... Has your audiologist tried adjusting some of the frequencies? 
Whoa, I walked by that very road this morning. On my way to work. My gosh. 
**POWERRRRRRR**
I was grieving over Laurel in the last 2 weeks. 

I don't know, yesterday's episode was just weird. 
Got to give Ruvé some courage points. She stood there in front. Not worried at all. All in a day's work. LOL
From my understanding, the chick was able to hack into the Canary cry device. Which was only set to Laurel's vocal chords. I don't even know what's happening anymore. After last night's ep, I don't knowwwwwwwwwww.....................
So I've heard... 
Nags from a parent. 
One must be patient. 
The [Jalapeño flavour](https://affotd.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/doritos-3d.png?w=500)
Working on a project. 
I'm picturing someone... in this pic. Who could it possibly be?
If they could replace Terrence Howard as James Rhodes... I guess it's all up in the air?  I have an inkling, RDJ might ask for more dough. Yeah, you're right. RDJ is Iron Man. 
RDJ is also Sherlock Holmes? Marvel can iron out the works for RDJ. 
Poor David Ferrer. 
Doctor Doom keeping up with appearances. 
I feel there's not enough Doctor Doom around. It would be cool to see Doctor Doom's own standalone comic. 
I'd be the CEO of Sony. Offer free movies, games for the day! 
Going to bed late when tired. 
Distract yourself. Take a nap, clear your mind.
Secretly farting. Hey, it helps me stomach. 
Mom could be wrong... 
A customer, who's slated to come into the office in an hour. They ask a lot of questions... 
A cat, I feel like lounging around and not giving a fudge.
An axe, lightweight and lethal. 
The acoustic guitars are magical. 
When my dad jokes with my sister more than me. 
But... why?
Take a 15 minute break. Walk around, stretch. 
Don't forget Curling! 
Arrow.
I've heard Western and Dalhousie are both good. Not much buzz about UBC.  
If it has data logging features, it'll log the hours of being "used". In that certain environment. 
Been waiting since 2013, when it wasn't finished. =P
Shanghai.
Full speed ahead or knot? Wooden want to be a burden for slowing ye down. 
I'm trying to get over my jet lag. By surfing Reddit.
FaceTime with Skull Face. 
Aw, thanks for the info. I left Shanghai already. 
I tried to go to the tower the other day, I couldn't find any info on the actual opening for the public. 
Randy Orton is now Prime Minister? Ehh.....
LMAO!!! 
Fruity phone's NFC doesn't work... Only for buying stuff. 
A lens adapter for camera. Seems too good to be true. And there's not much reviews for that brand. 
Relax, and soak in the day of others acknowledging you. 
Not for the claustrophobic. Nope, nope, nope. 
Nope, returned the amount. 
Getting 8 hours of sleep. 
If you plan on using the Sony A7s II a lot. I'd recommend on researching some lens adapters.  
Especially, if you're on a budget. And don't want to spend a lot on lenses.   
  
edit: added more details.
Congrats on the new STi. I'm jealous. 
> if he lets Bautista walk.  
  
I see another bat flip on the way...
This is sad, Dave Mirra is one of my fave BMX idols. 
Did you use a hairdryer? Oh wait, you mentioned heater.  Keep up the good work OP. 
LOL! 
Depends, if you're doing a lot of video editing then maybe no.  
If it's just note taking, sure. 
That's rally good. Nice work. 
When I have to take a shortcut. 
LOL! If I could find that gift... 
I tried, thanks! 
Dr. Quinn? 
LOL! The comment made me laugh. Thanks. 
Eve
Ricoh ?
Charles is the Queen?
You're related to The Adams Family? 
I agree. We'll have to see how Rafa fairs next time. French Open. 
My S.O. recently asked me "How much is that Pokémon yellow?". 
I think Big Boss is missing the "**!**". 
I don't get Tennis sometimes... -___-
Fernando use to be in the top 10! 
Wait what? Fernando lost to Sela? 
I hope Rafa stays healthy, and injury-free. 
Broccoli and cauliflower
My grandpa's health. 
Hehehe, I agree. I should go buy some more.
I forgot about George Clooney being Batman... until *now*
Hello, do I know you?
Looking at you like a champ. 
Home/ Shelter for everyone. 
True. Got to take a chance, and hope. If that doesn't work out, then continue to another job search. Good luck OP.
> It turns out that Tuesday is actually the most common day of the week that people choose to apply for new jobs.  
  
The one before Monday stats. 
Distract yourself. Take up a project or something. 
I recently read an article... hang on... [here's the article](http://careers.workopolis.com/advice/the-best-and-worst-days-to-apply-for-a-job/). 
You're making me want to play Need For Speed now... 
Fax/ Send resumé during any other day of the week, rather than on a Monday or Friday.
Awwww man. Arrow and The Flash isn't in the Canadian Netflix lineup.  
*Cries*
I do that... I'll start eating bits by bits now. 
Being well rested also helps.
My mom's probably sleeping. 
Yes, I agree. Thank you!
Blackberry is using Android platform. Well their latest Priv phone is. 
My gosh, where have I been... I just saw the trailer now too. 
Ode to Joy. 
Voluptuous Vivian. According to a quiz.... 
Uh oh,  I should put my cardigan on. I'm wearing a red plaid shirt. 
It depends on their mood... It's a nice compliment. 
Take extra caution, when handling the knife. Dropping the knife is...lethal. 
Work is boring right now. 
Maybe they want company for that moment of time?
Trypophobia.... gave me quite a scare for a couple of months.
[Can't Stop](https://youtu.be/BfOdWSiyWoc)- Red Hot Chili Peppers. 
Same with me. 
MGSV, especially the extreme missions. One wrong move, and back to the beginning of the mission. 
Wow, that's cool. 
I bought a laser printer on Saturday, and returned it yesterday (Sunday). One of my parents, didn't think it was worth me getting a new laser printer. Since I had calculated the amount of ink, and paper we'd be saving. 
My grandpa's canes. I have a baseball bat nearby too. 
Daily Food Bank, local Salvation Army, Christmas gift drives. Err... That's the most I can remember at the moment. 
Maury taking a break from his show. Hanging around. 
I wear converses. 
I also believe the reason for life insurance, is to have some "emergency" funds. If you were to get laid off from a job, or something happens. However, it depends on one's life insurance policy.  
  
edit: added more details.
I'm sorry to hear. 
My friend's cat. 
People saying they don't have money, yet they mention they're going on vacation in a few days. 
They shout at you, rambling words. Disturbing the peace.
Roaches, have been around for a very long time... 
Morgan Freeman as... God. Oh wait, he....
Calling a manufacturer about their phone program. 
Blood was gushing out of my relative, and I couldn't stop the bleeding.
Nothing, I made a mistake. And misread the question. 
When I first played Michael Jackson's Moonwalker on Sega Genesis, I thought it was a really cool game. I was around maybe 7-9 years old? At that time, I didn't really get the concept of the game... As I got older, I eventually understood. 
Optimus
Having a better job, manager status maybe?
Yes I have, hm... I took a nap and de-stressed self. I also turned to Reddit, and video games as ways to zen out. The signs were, feeling reluctant to do the same chores/ routines at work. Being unproductive, tired of doing the same things. Tired, and zero patience. 
Kanye *potentially* becoming President...
I'm not picking on illiterates.... because it turns out, I read the question wrong. The irony. My mistake, sorry everyone. 
Correct term is: *Piqued My Interest.*  
It's the spelling. Homonym. 
  
And don't worry, I still spell "desert" and "dessert" wrong.  
  
My mistake, I read the question wrong. I can't read... Sorry everyone!  
  
edit: added more words. 
"Peaked my interest" 
My face, the water stings me eyes.  Or sometimes feet first, then face. Feet first, because I don't want the bath mat to take forever to dry. 
Yesterday? My stupid cough. 
I use to listen to [this song](https://youtu.be/s5A70JsKtPw) by Sum 41 a lot. I also bought their album... 
Animated films my friend. They made me laugh, so I guess it was good enough. 
Death of a relative. The 5 stages of grief. 
I'd say about 2.6. 
I think Hotel Transylvania 1/2 is funny. 
Tostitos with its regular Mild Salsa. 
Dos: smile, eye contact, be funny, be yourself.  
Don'ts: stare at a certain body part for a longtime, being rude, inconsiderate. 
I know how to throw an axe, so I'm set for now. And yes, what kind of Zombies are we talking about? 
Relatively close hotel might cost you more. My relatives manage to find a vacation condo that let them stay for a week. It was near Eaton Centre.  Here's a [site](https://www.vacationrentals.com/browse/ontario/toronto/r16204). I would recommend the vacation condo.   
  
edit: forgot to add more details..

Commuting to work...
Not me, however my friend lost their close relative on their birthday. 
Gangnam Style- Psy.  The video.... was... hypnotizingly-good. 
Achieve better grades, and go into Accounting. 
Or a chainsaw, any sharp object resembling a knife/ weapon. 
LOL! Sorry, that made me laugh. I didn't want to draw too much attention to the user.  Well, knowing my history with swords and sharp knives. I'd probably accidentally set the pizza bagel on fire, and it'll probably set the nearby furniture on fire too. So yes, someone trying to cut a pizza bagel in half with a lightsaber and messing up badly-- is highly possible, for me. 
A buff chicken.  Maybe a Llama. However the Llama will win. It'll strangle me with its fluffiness. 
Coffee. 
Hm... where to begin...?
Thinking of this song...*You're beautiful. You're beautiful. You're beautiful, it's true.*

My SO drives a Manual too, I feel your frustration.  Try practicing at a lot, with not too many cars around. Relax, and breathe. Try not to overthink. Be cool and calm.  To me, stalling the car is part of the learning curve. Eventually you'll get better, and master the manual transmission!  Good luck OP! You got this! 
When can I go home....
Pizza_bagel down! I repeat Pizza_bagel is down! 
Nap and yogurt. 
Wontons, or Chicken Souvlaki. 
Thanks! I'll secretly use this pro-tip when my family isn't looking. =D
Don't be sad, there there. 
The side of the coupe reminds of the Hyundai Genesis coupe. However the new Honda Civic Coupe looks nice. 
I would love to see Rafa bounce back as well. 
I just want to be able to open any jar with my bare hands. No hot water trick, or asking my dad for help. Hehehe. 
Maybe 3, stupid cough preventing me from doing workouts. 
normal relative? It's a good thing I was rejected. I wouldn't have met my current SO. 
My condolences to his family. 
By asking how their day went, and seeing what their reaction is. 
Afterwords, you don't hear from them again... and then comes another favour from them. Yeah.
I visited there, it's good. Do you plan on visiting OP?
I sounded like their relative... I find it funny. 
Haha, maybe... 
!! *then the footprints disappear.* 
  
edit: added more words.
Getting a job/career. 
Oh no, how come? Lack of business? 
Change the subject? Or kindly tell family that you're working on the relationship/ future. 
! 
If he dies, my childhood dies too. Cannot happen!
I hide in a box. And sneak attack them. 
The newest Zoolander movie, made me laugh. So yep, they're taking my money. 
Spiders, even though I'm many many times bigger than a tiny eensy spider. They still scare me. 
I think Op might mean, starting a conversation. That's my understanding...? 
All kinds, the ones that don't talk to me but when they need something they get all chummy.  The ones who are talking to me everyday, asking how my day went-- these friends, I keep in touch more. And the high school friends who I've lost touch with...
~~Eggs~~ Benedict with some ~~Cu~~Cumberbatches. 
I think recently, I'm in my mid-20's. Growing up to me, means taking responsibility for myself. Making financial decisions, taking care of myself. Not relying family too heavily, and finding ways to provide for them too. 
Every time I see my SO, my heart skips a beat. Yep, love SO. And every time we meet up, it's a new day. 
When I realized both of my relatives from different sides of the family, passed away in the same week. 
TIL Kathleen Wynne had an IAMA last year. 
Chris Nolan's Batman Tumbler. Hm... I think I'd have to park somewhere far. 
I'm sorry for your loss. 
When you feel burned out from work all the time, and it feels like a chore to go to work. Working for the sake of it. And losing passion at work.
Drink water? Staying hydrated. 
*Ba da ba ba ba*
Because it shows inconsideration for others. 
Zoo by James Patterson. 
Oh my... Um, not sure how to comment on that story. 
It's all good thanks. At least I don't have to talk much right now...*phone rings*. Oh yes, and the two big ears are a plus! I can fan out weird odours with my ears. 
Angelina Jolie. As of right now, however my answer will change. Later on.  
  
edit: wording
2-3 days for me, then into the washing machine. 
I'd probably fly back home, and nurse my stupid cough. 
Lingering cough...
Apple?
For me would be not sleeping early enough, from my mom. And video games.
Monopoly, the more players the more faster the game ends. And I can go home, or sleep. 
My grandpa uses a tablet. I'm not sure if he has the patience for a desktop/ laptop. However, he did ask me "*how come the tablet is running so slow*" too.  Turned out, grandpa had 1.2gb of space left. I asked him if he needed all those pictures... He went on to delete the pics he didn't need.  Grandpa's tablet is about 2-3 years old now? 
  
Edit: added more words.
If you know how to shave a person's head, evenly and consistent. Then you're off to a good start. One of my friends, is in the hairdressing business. They went into a hairstyling school. Like one of the previous users said, YouTube videos. 
When someone cuts in front of me, while there's a big line. 
I don't mind being the "computer fixer". It's a learning experience. 
Yep, I went with the surgery. Nope, no jaws broken. The jaw surgeon basically shaved a few millimetres of my lower jaw. I had my mouth shut with an elastic band for about 6 months? I had a liquid diet. 
In terms of...? food? people? clothes?
For me, not really. I don't read every thread on *askreddit*, some of the things are new for me. 
That's...true. Hm...
Read the Metro newspaper. Or try to take a nap. 
The basement is a scary place. 
I've heard to wait until December? That's when the majority of cars are being cleared out for the remaining year.... 
For the majority of my life, I had an underbite. Overtime the underbite would get worse, and eventually my teeth would clash so my orthodontist recommended me getting surgery. I also had braces too. 
Nap code, and the usual money code, teleportation, helicopter, weather code. 
Hm... you may need a criminal background check before operating a daycare.  And lots of patience. 
I find many trailers now, are showing too much. 
I wish you luck, and the best! 
Hm... maybe a bit of both?
Evil me?
My hamster might become... fat. 
At least a couple of comfortable shirts, with collars. The work shirts. And some good pants too.
Fiona, FeFe, Carol, Phoebe... Err... 
Hm... I feel cleaning the printer after each food print. Would be more tedious. Unless, it has a self-cleaning mechanism. 
For some reason [Remember the Titans](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remember_the_Titans) is the first movie that popped up. 
Finding a better job, for a better outcome. Still working on them. 
Mona Lisa Pizza. Probably have mushrooms, Pepperoni, maybe Green Pepper? The usual tomato sauce, and some cheese. 
Hm... that's a toughie. Have you thought about the potential area, where you'll be setting up your business? Closer to home?  Yeah, take everything into account. And slowly take steps to decide. 
It's a huge gamble, however it'll pay off someway. I'm thinking of setting up my own business too. 
Fanny packs, for days where I don't want to bring a giant bag/purse. 
My phone is my 2nd alarm. If I miss my 1st alarm, then my phone is my backup. And my Bobafett is backup 3rd. 
Sleep and read. Catch up on some shows... 
Food Taste Tester. 
Ignore person with current resting bitch face. *Pretend* not to hear them. Even if your eyes are. 
When people ask me to smile more, my thoughts are:  
*Why? I don't feel like smiling.*
My mother's necklace. To this very day, she still wonders if I had eaten any of the pieces...
I have a resting bitch face. Someone once asked me to smile. 
"That person looks angry all the time" 
A dark sinister Lord. With a bit of madness. 
Raisins.
Fixing the cracks on the walls. 
Setting goals, and achieving them. 
I seem him as The Joker and Luke Skywalker at the same time. 
When the child(ren) have good stable jobs to support themselves. 
Both. With a short haircut, the hair doesn't provide warmth anymore... Gloves are nice. 
I sometimes do say something wrong, and I'll admit. Apologize. Same with my SO. If they say something wrong, without realizing. I'll give in my input. In the most respectful way, not in a nagging or disrespectful tone. 
Comfy pjs, and a nice blanket.  
For me, it'll be reading a bit. Maybe video games, then sleep. 
I'll probably see Snake hiding in a box. I'd probably run away. 
I feel The Martian is a prequel to Interstellar. 
Smile and wave. 
Staycation. 
Rage less.
My onesie, when I was a young drunkunmunky baby. I don't wear it now... 
TMNT. 
I have to inspect each jean pocket, making sure they're real. It feels like the manufacturer's ran out of fabric to make the pockets.
Metal Gear series...
Yes, if I'm immersed in something. Lately, for me it's MGSV. 
It's entirely up to parent, however be prepared to not *receive* any amount. I think it's fair...
Ahaha, that could work too. =)
Exactly! Sending recipes first, then human transportation testing. 
Exactly, then 50 times later... same outcome. Rage quit. 
I make coffee before opening the office. Smelling the coffee before work, does make me feel better. Then, work kicks in. 
I have so many... I think GTA5 was the most memorable for me.
I had low ammo, and on my last bulletproof vest. So close to beating the level, but no..... slow death. 
Exactly, we could teleport potato recipes to each other. LMAO!
Well there are many "test" options... we could try the baked potato first. 
People not yielding, when I have the right of way. 
Still waiting for that... 
It depends on stressed one is. 
Buying food in the moment, for them. 
Broccoli.
Then he calls me a donkey. 
42" Plasma HDTV Panasonic Viera, from 2005.  
When I combine my fatty PS3 with the tv, it'll skyrocket the electricity.Bill.  
I almost forgot about her....
Lunch time.
I sleep on my back. Slightly tilting my pillow at an angle. 
When I was 13, I listened to music while sleeping... now, not so much.  Breathing techniques help me sleep. Sometimes Zzzquil. 
I would definitely have 1 at home, the other one maybe at work? Where at work, I still have to figure out. 
Lotto tickets! 
Sears is disappearing in my area... 
Not if there's a lot of sauce leftover. And reheating it at a certain temp.
Nope, not wrong at all. I had a few friends who argued their points too. 
Maybe steak, if not cooked to my liking. 
Chicken with carrots and rice. It's comfort food. 
Basically remove the "more". Hang on.... 
He's probably in China. I remember seeing him in a Canon camera commercial, hair Shampoo. And there were other many more... 
Yes, and I caught a cold. 
The amount of $$ you save from not buying gifts. 
Hopefully ~~more~~ wealthier than now.  
  
Edit: formatting.  
Wow, I thought by now... Neopets would have an app all ready. I thought wrong. 
Isn't there a Neopets app? I'm going to go investigate... 
Snake slid his way through.... 
Get a bunch of comic books, or books. 
Wolfcats. 
Going to school. Drinking apple juice. 
I'd probably pay off bills. Then save/invest the remaining funds.
Go dad! I wonder if I'll still remember Neopets in my 50's. Remember to feed my Neopets, that is... 
Still, I feel bad for not feeding them for.... 10 years?!
2009 iMac 21.5", still working today. Added some more RAM.  
iPhone 6, yeah as previous commenter mentioned- simplicity. 
Speaking of Neopets.... I should go feed them now. 
I went to the base of Mount Fuji, and it was clear skies. While taking the bus up to the base, I saw 3 fawns in the wooded area. 
-Batman  
-Captain America    
-Cat  
-DD from MGSV 
Toronto Blue Jays, at the moment... Sorry, if I have forgotten other marvelous Toronto things. 
Politicians...In my opinion at the moment. 
Not really, I've grown use to it. It just tells me, my SO really likes the shirt and it's comfortable. 
Sharing common interests, and likes. Also plays a factor for picking specific Redditor as friend. =) 
*The murderer used a cheese grater*
*Why not*?  Having a Reddit friend is fun. 
I don't think about how much I dislike/hate it. 
I actually forgot my other account's username and password... 
GTA5 never ceases to amaze me. 
Think I'll try fultoning sheep with DD. 
Ugly steelies are awesome! The *Blue Steel* look on your car! 
8.88, vertical infinity loops. 
The smallest bones in the human ~~one's~~ body, are the [Ossicles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ossicles)  
  
Edit: formatting. 
The best way? Hm, in person away from public.  
Some things to cope? Distract yourself, or cry it out... 
If I have been studying for 2 hours straight, I'd take a break. And go for a stroll for 10-15 minutes. Or grab a snack, relax for a bit. Then back to studying. 
1)  I'm a Hearing Aid Specialist.  
2)  5 years now...  
3)  Somewhat, I believe I could do better.  
4)  Work hard, and don't be lazy.  
Nope, I like Québec. 
With sunglasses.
When clients ask me questions about their hearing, sometimes it makes me feel awesome. However, at the same time... less powerful too, because they're *draining* me. 
I saw the *above* aftermath... 
To relax, and get away from work. 
Your username seems relevant.... 
I'm on Reddit more now. 
I wouldn't say weird, however it was interesting. Someone left me a voicemail, thinking I was the hospital. I called them back, telling them I'm not the hospital. 
Do a fair share of chores around the house/ apartment. 
The doctor was in a rush, and sort of injured my client. She complained of pain afterwards, and dizziness. Yup, not referring my clients to doctor... *for now*.
Ed Hardy? 
MGSV. 
Depending on where one lives too. Yes. 
Referring my client to the doctor.... The client complained of pain afterwards. 
Why are the infrastructures so outdated...?
It depends on where we're at: public venue/ place. It might be too much. I think we're both equally fine with this. However, once in a while showing a lot of affection...I don't mind. 
Try attending [meetup](http://www.meetup.com/)
Have you tried posting pics of your bike around the area? Where it was last seen? 
I'd choose Steve Martin and Hugh Laurie. The band name would be:"The Doc Martins", hopefully there's no lawsuit ~~there~~ for us. Music genre? Hm... good question. I'm not sure yet.  
  
Edit: formatting.  
I was working on an English assignment, and my computer crashed. I couldn't retrieve my saved work. Even the autosave failed me. So I had to write everything up again at 4am. The assignment was due on the same day. I slept for about 3 hours, and woke up at 7am for school. 
Reading, napping. 
Writing with a pen/ pencil...the smudges. 
GTA5, the volleyball posts at Vespucci Beach. They're not ram-able. 
While *almost* everything else...is. 
The mall. 
For some reason, I read five baths. However that's a good purchase, I must say. 
I like Metric.  
 
Edit: formatting didn't help. 
The printer won't print black text, unless I replace the cyan ink.
Tapping foot loudly, whistling, constantly checking watch/time. Those for me indicate, one is either: a musician, *or* really impatient and has to be somewhere else. 
My dad's workplace has some animosity. His supervisor often throws others under the bus.  
My doctor mentor, the things he does are so *questionable.* However, he's also the one who got me the current career I have. 
By sacrificing myself, to save others. 
2007 Mazda 3 Sedan. The rear seats are not built for tall people. 
Same here. 
Recently? 
"Road Rage Rants" 
Asking for a raise at work. 
Exactly! Keep on slapchopping ! 
Slapchop. 
Well... I put [What is Love](https://youtu.be/HEXWRTEbj1I) as my dad's ringtone. Whenever his phone rings, I dance. Night at the Roxbury style. My dad's previous ringtone was the [X-Files](https://youtu.be/hAAlDoAtV7Y) theme. 
I wish you luck! 
If it's self diagnosis, then yes it might get scary. 
Haha, even the newspaper vending machine? 
Juicy Fruit?
When both parties mutually agree to break up, and move on. 
Exactly... and napping afterwards. 
The Hulk fitting into the Batmobile... Nevermind. Hulk could just be Hulk. 
It was recently. Don't worry. 
Hm.... Batman is now The Incredible Hulk. 
Hm... [The app is gone](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/calgary/peeple-shutdown-after-internet-backlash-1.3258451). 
I've heard such great reviews for Lost. 
Yes! I agree!!  Netflix! 
Trash talking, heh. Hopefully you weren't near a bar. 
When you enter a neighbourhood area, a community. That's when the speed limit drops. 
I initially thought it was the wind, rocking the house back and forth. Nope, it was an earthquake.  Yeah, wind and earthquake definitely different. 
Observe more?
I was in my room (second floor), and out of nowhere I started getting dizzy. I noticed the room was shifting. Then it stopped after a few seconds. I found out, there was an earthquake. [Source](http://www.ctvnews.ca/earthquake-of-5-0-magnitude-hits-ontario-quebec-1.525583) 
Have you ever wondered how a city would look like, if you were the architect? And this inspires me [Fantastic Cities](http://www.amazon.ca/Fantastic-Cities-Coloring-Amazing-Imagined/dp/1452149577/ref=sr_1_23?ie=UTF8&qid=1444245406&sr=8-23&keywords=colouring+book)
Do not rob the casinos. 
And eating your favourite snack, sitting back...watching tv. 
Home time from work. 
[A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Sunday_Afternoon_on_the_Island_of_La_Grande_Jatte)
I would try colouring buildings, and skyscrapers. 
Same, the Habs have grown on me. Especially Subban and Price, they both represented Canada well.  P.K.'s brother is in Boston, I'm stoked to see them play each other during the NHL season.  Haha, how did the Habs fans take it? When you say you're a Leafs fan?
Yep, definitely. 
Yep, I've shot guns. At a shooting range.
Toy Story. 
I actually like the Habs too, Carey Price is awesome. Despite, the Habs are the Leafs mortal hockey enemies. Same, I'm use to disappointment too. Ah, I like the Blue Jays' chances this time.  
Edit: Added more details. 
Thanks for the tips though! 
My relatives are on it, and when Facebook gets more confusing or banned. That's when I'll quit. 
My uncle is a fan of the Toronto Maple Leafs. He got me into them when I was young. Hope, keeps me cheering for them.
Heh, if I swing by the local one. Yep. 
Getting codename: Ostrich with an S rank.  Sadly, that's the best I could reach at the moment. 
Canada. Unless, I move to another province. 
Earphones, are an alternative to bluetooth headsets.... that's my understanding. Earphones, that are cellphone compatible. 
That would mean instant win for Trump??
Weighing options.
So many combinations out there.... 
Stressful.
Shrimp Wonton? Or Pork/ Veggies? 
I'm a late 80's kid. AOL, I still remember using it like it was yesterday. Whenever I'm about to play a game, someone calls the house. And instant internet disconnection right there.  I also miss MSN. The old MSN.  
 
The paperwork would feel authentic and original.
No, I'd be lonely. And the guilt would be too much for me. 
Under the couch, bed, table. Shadowy places. Car. Desk.
Moving to another country? 
I guess it depends on the person? 
Depends on the person, however some like 1 giant blob of text. Others maybe separate bursts. To each their own. 
To me, a "K" means person is busy, or too lazy to reply with a decent sentence. 
Stress ball, or shoot some pucks at hockey net.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, aside from his personal life (not my business to criticize). He's seems friendly, and nice. 
That would have been my second choice, if my current username was taken. =D
Wontons. 
20 minutes, not at desk. I'll be at the backroom. 
Nope, I wouldn't think they're a freak.  My understanding would be, they haven't found the right person. Or they're busy with career and other things at the moment. 
Saying in a non-confrontational way. Or in a non-nagging way. I agree with you. Being respectful. Relationships are a 2 way street. 
Hm.... 2017 eh? That's quite a tranquilizer cocktail, I'd have to find.
Kanye, Kanye. It also depends on what he had ingested too... He seemed scary when he declared for Presidency run during MTV VMA.
Letting the stress get to me at work, the emotions.  The flood of emotions overwhelming my work. I lost focus for a while. 
*Both* you mean? Okay! I'll tranquilize both! I wonder who'll wake up first. 
True, hope you're at a better place now. 
Yeah, I agree on this too. Even if you think you're 100% right, just let it go. 
I'm trying to figure who's more annoying right now... Donald Trump or Kanye West. 
I'm sorry to hear. 
Selfies. Maybe?
My own number. Scammers these days.... 
A computer, don't know what the previous owner did with the computer. For example: They deleted everything, even the OS. Better to invest in a new computer. 
The selfie from the cellphone set the car on fire.... 
Heh, I'm guessing Vice City? The 80's. 
Some of the Sears stores in my area, are gone. 
Me too! Wait, which GTA? 
I wouldn't kill, maybe tranquilize.... a certain someone.  
 
Edit: Forgot to add who. 
I'd say chocolates. How about a hand written card, with a gift card to whichever store she fancies? 
Washing Machine?  in your bag?
Häagen-Dazs shops, [almost everywhere](http://www.discoverindulgence.com/en/Global/Find.aspx) except Canada, and U.S.A. 
I make goofy faces when I speak. I speak with an interpretive dance on my face. 
I think Tom Hanks has an [app](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kso2dn6XAfY) for that. I'm going to check it out later, after work. I also have my mechanical keyboard at home to listen to, as well.   Thanks though! 
Hehehe, yes. However I'm still iffy iffy on his character though... 
I'd be hibernating for a month, shut my phone and video games off for 2 weeks. Not use social media for a while. Relax. Go skateboarding/ longboarding in the neighbourhood. That's what I would do. 
Heh, not for everyone. It was around 2 hours and 18 minutes? 
Yep, I follow this rule too. 
It's easier to post on the person's wall, I guess. 
Le Chifre, or Hannibal. I'd like to see what Hannibal would say. 
Hm.... yes and no.  I like the sound of a typewriter. *Click clack*. Maybe others will find the sound annoying. Although, fixing a mistake/ mistakes on a typewriter will be *fun.* 
[Yep](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles:_Half_Shell) and guess who's in it...  
I'd probably say "It's been nice working with you for this X amount of years, and I wish you the best."  
*I exit the office with my things, and slow motion camera would show me smiling as I leave the office*  
And I come back to the office, because I forgot my labcoat, my shoes, and other stuff. 
Well, he is in the next TMNT movie... 
Buy a tank, and fire tomatoes at buildings in the city. 
I'm sorry, I'm not a fan of Iron Man... I wouldn't build his face on Mount Rushmore... Actually, I can picture him building his face on Mount Rushmore, right now. As I type this....  
Yep, that's one. There's karma too, lately I've noticed his patients not showing up. 
We'll have to wait and see what the writers are cooking. =P
Yep, I'm referring to that expression. 
Coffee will burn me internally... and I survive because it's not that hot now. 
Yeah, I guess we'll have to stay tuned to see if the direction of the show's plot will get better. I like his chemistry with the other cast. 
I don't *hate* my doctor mentor, I dislike how he shows up whenever he feels like it. Especially when his patients have *appointments* to see him. What's the point of an appointment to see him, if he shows up late?  Nowadays, I heard he's sleeping in... rather than being at the hospital. 
I can feel your frustration... 
Their super or boss isn't around...
Both? 
I like him regardless. He's awesomely funny. 
I'd probably be in the office sector. I'd be on time for my job. Wouldn't want to anger the *boss*. 
I still want one... 
LMAO! I read that in Nathan Fillion's voice as Castle. 
Stephen Amell. 
Castle! 
I still like the Hulk films... Eric Bana, Edward Norton portrayals. 
I rarely drink, even though my username says otherwise. 
NoOOoOooOOoo... 
MGSV related, I was running away from one of the characters. Maybe I should cut down my MGSV gameplay... 
RESP, and maybe RRSP. Possibly a house too. 
Choose the best web pages you're definitely proud of. 
It's a 2 way street. I'm going to stick with the G-rated question. Kids eh? It's nice to see, the dad treating the kid(s) nicely. Happy kids, happy dad. 
Something more sinister...? Alien? Spiders? O____O.  
I'm going to burn some of the expired coffee now... 
Good dad...to me? or their child(ren)?  Could you please explain?
A house/ apartment. 
Hatch new coffee beans inside? 
Then they ignore everything and everyone else. Except themselves. 
Heh, depends on how OP says it too.  " I do not *not* like you". Uh oh.
Doesn't Kanye have 1 expression all the time? 
Hm... maybe Superman.  Black Panther, huh. Not a bad choice. 
I read it as "I do not not like you" 
I'm infatuated with you. 
The moment I realized how much I care about them. And that they mean a lot to me. 
Research the company you're applying to, beforehand. And practice some of the questions the interviewer might ask. Don't stress too much. 
To make sure you didn't miss any other spots on your teeth.
Divinity- Porter Robinson ft. Amy Millan (Odesza remix).  
Yes, it's been stuck in my head for 3 days now. I absolutely love the song. 
It depends on which doctor you're seeing too. If they're a specialist, let's say... ENT (Ear Nose Throat) specialist, they're sometimes in the hospital. Doing surgeries, in the morning before appointments. And things do happen... Be prepared to wait 30 minutes-1.5 hours. One of my doctor's patient actually waited 2 hours for him, once. I felt so bad for the patient... However, I'm not sure about other doctors. This is one doctor, I'm dealing with right now. The things he does, are really *questionable.*  
edit: added more things. 
I use to have 1 best friend, however that became 2-3 now. I do have a close knit of friends. A group of 6-8 of us?  Many of my friends are from High School, or Elementary days. I do have some College friends too, that I keep in touch. It's common in my books, OP. It's not weird. To each their own. 
Superheroes theme!  Batman definitely, Captain America, and the last 2... I can't think of at the moment. 
Right now, the doctor I'm sort of working with. Shows up late. His patients often ask me:" Where's the doctor?", I often have to save face and reply:" He's at the hospital, and he's running late, I'm sorry".
By the way, I'm not his secretary. His patients show up at X time, and he shows up 30 minutes- 1.5 hours later. I can already say that 70% of the time, he's sleeping in. Not even at the hospital...   
Long story short: Show up on time if you're a doctor. Otherwise have some short of notice somewhere, that explains the wait time to see doctor. That way, less angry patients. 
Kanye clones? Oh dear... Only the original Kanye can out Kanye himself. 
  > I'd say bats and supes over the bat and the bird.
  
LMAO!!! Ahaha, thanks for making me laugh. 
Hm... With the same company for 4 years in another position? 
Thanks? Maybe? 
It depends on how long you've been in the field for...  
And my understanding is, this is a fairly new company to you? I'm not sure if HR would show you pay grades...  
  
Edit: added more. 
Look at photos in the phone, to see if there are duplicates. Deleting the ones I don't need, or want. 
I didn't personally see one, however I did hear some. How someone  faked their illness for more money. 
Adding cramps to the list too...
Same with mine! 
Pho, or Chicken Souvlaki Dinner. 
The stairs door is locked. 
I was shotgun, my dad drove 140 km/h  (87 mp/h) in a van. 
Oh, it's you.
It's so trippy, but so good. 
MGSV. 
My mom closing the window, while I was sleeping. She made me think a burglar was trying to break in. 
Exactly! Playing GTA5 with anyone, every gaming platform would be so fun. Too bad, the idea is too grand scale. 
A Koala bear. 
Batman and Robin
Maybe the bus driver is late on their schedule? or not in the mood for waiting. 
I didn't mind at all that someone close to me, had discovered my username. I know their username too. 
Ultimate Super Smash Brothers, from all platforms meeting in 1 game. That can be released on all game platforms. Multiplayer mode would be universal, everyone can play regardless if it's Xbox, Sony, Nintendo, PC, Mac. 
Netflix.  Or ball hockey. 
Certainly. However, try not to take them personally.
Guitar, and the first song was "Ode to Joy" 
Sandwich fell apart once.... 
Eat well too. 
Computer store, the *infinite* amount of PC parts I could check out. And compare. If I like something, I'll leave money for them.  
  
Edit: formatting. 
There will be some people who might not necessarily see/share the same opinion as you. Or agree with you. And besides it's the internet. I agree with some of the commenters here.
Minions?
For me, I act like myself. I don't try to *act* simple. If I don't understand something, and ask a question in a *dumb* way. It would be genuine, authentic. Your friend has to be on guard... Hm... 
I can see... George Clooney fitting in well. 
I see what you did there... and the stellar *cast*.
What do you mean? Could you explain please?
Touché, too much info that one doesn't want to know... 
Maybe being the Human Torch, if I was unable to cool down. I'd accidentally set things on fire... just by walking by.  *Oil truck driving by...uh oh*
Knowing one's thoughts all at once... Mind overload?
I think she did.... 
The scrapes and cuts are all part of the bike learning.
Wisdom.
I'd feed the dragon with a bag of spaghetti. And hope it has diarrhea, then make a run for it?
Thanks, one has to get use to the jokes. Laugh it off. =)
Myself. I'm responsible for me. 
Memento
Imagine him, voicing a cat.... In an animated film. 
For me it's currently [Divinity Odesza remix- Porter Robinson ft. Amy Millan](https://youtu.be/a88mou_h1Ck)
Answering the phone, when I know it's a sketchy number.
Don't put feet on other seats, lounging like it's the living room of one's house. 
Computer tester.
I don't mind, shows me OP is participating.
Hm.... that's a possibility. 
Sure, why not. Having common interests, and similar goals in life is good. Conversations may be easier... maybe. But like previous commenters, it depends. 
I'm in the hearing field. I've gotten some people saying "what? what? I can't hear you". After I asked them a question. Then they smile. Not that it makes me sick, however I do find it funny. 
Kingdom Hearts III, almost 10 years... 
Certain places banned selfie sticks because of safety concerns. I don't hate selfie sticks, I find them cringey. Nope, I don't hate tripods. 
Test the bathtub, see when overflowing will it leak to other units... 2 floors beneath.
Don't pick the seat in front of the washroom... Even though you can fight for the washroom, in the end. It's not worth sacrificing sleep for closer distance to washroom. 
In front of the desk.... 
Ah touché.  I guess OP has to rub their face on the carpet then. 
Gaming on an iMac for the next 2-5 years, isn't ideal... the Graphics Card will easily be obsolete after.  
  
Edit: added more details.
Certain apartments list yay/nay pets. No?
If you're in [Toronto, Canada](http://tastetoronto.ca/free-stuff-on-your-birthday/). I'm plan to try some of these... when Cake Day approaches. 
Karma
Silently sniping the words.... onto their lawn? 
For me, once a day is enough. My gums get super sensitive after 4-5 hours of taking the whitestrips off. I think 2-3 might be too much. Depending on how sensitive your teeth are... Best to follow the directions on the box. Or ask your dentist. 
Exactly, and Movies are pressed for time. The more and more it drags on, it become boring to some of the audience/ viewers. 
Novels, are usually open to interpretation. Using your own imagination.  Movies are to me, the Director's interpretation. How they portray their views. 
Washroom? Under the bed? Floor? Laundry room? Bed? Desk? Chair? Kitchen? Under fridge?
Llama, Lily, Lincoln, Lava
Autumn?
Swift, all of Taylor's songs instantly go into medley mode. In my head. 
Back in Grade 4/5, I remember there was a teacher in the school. Who use to hit students, if they didn't get the answer close or right. The teacher had mood swings maybe...?  However, hitting students now--is a big no no. 

Edit: added more details
NooooooooOooOoo!! 
Even for a cookie?
[Ocelot](https://youtu.be/D7G7x6f9_mY). This makes me laugh, even right now. Hope you feel better OP. 
YES!
Stopping time.
I remember back in the *day*, people use to ask people to take pics. And the fear that the person would steal phone...was less too. Maybe.
I'll probably bring a phone tripod, LMAO! No selfie stick. 
Something.
Oh gosh. Walking in Autumn/Fall, hearing the leaves crunch while walking. Are you a Canuck too?
I see what you did... *OptimisticRobotLord*

Edit: Added some thing.
Hahaha, yes. Judgemental and ignorant... sounds like my doctor mentor too. Oooh grocery shopping is fun! You got a good workout then?  Hm.... your grocery store is being eco-friendly? 
Especially when you're distracted...
Walking more, it helps calms the soul. 
Double KO? 
Add selfie stick to the mix... 
[Yakuza dragon on Kiryu's back](http://slodive.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/yakuza-tattoo/yakuza-dragon.jpg)
My doctor mentor is... *questionable.* A client of mine called, and was asking me some things. The doctor came in, and had his patient in the same room as I was.  
Doctor:" Tell them to call back tomorrow."  
Me:"........."  

The doctor shares the same office as us (my boss and I). He's a big mooch. Telling my client to call back tomorrow? So I can cater his patients?  I don't work for him, I work for my boss.  

Rant done... I'm sorry.  
Your day was pretty boring? Did you go outside?

 

   
I've had the [red/gray one](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/dzr8W99ORsU/hqdefault.jpg) from Starfrit that's maybe 15 years old? It conked out on me, so I got the black one. LMAO! Enemy ship from Star Trek. Hahaha, thanks.  The current enemy space ship one, didn't cost too much for me. Maybe $12-16? It'll last a long time. Depending on how much you use the can opener... though.
Manual or auto? I've been using [this one](https://www.starfrit.com/media/catalog/product/cache/3/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/0/9/093112012blck-1.jpg) and it's been awesome!  

Edit: Changed pic, because previous was potato quality.
Have you been drinking water?
My day isn't going well, thanks for asking. The doctor is being inconsiderate. How's your day?  
Edit: added question
My mom. Vented out my day at work. 
[I miss Kevin Butler](https://youtu.be/ukgISn3P2nQ) from the Sony Playstation commercials.  On top of my head, these commercials came into mind.  

Edit: added more things.
Learn about finances, and invest early. 
Oh...my... that's definitely not a duck. I agree.
If I could get a raise
How come you didn't message me?   1:00  
Hello?           1:00  
You there?  1:01  
You could at least say hello...    1:01  
You alive?  1:01  
Hello?  1:02  
Don't leave me hanging...  1:02  
I guess you're busy....    1:02  
I know you're reading these... 1:05

*all at once* in burst text mode

Edit: added timestamps.

There's so many things to do. 
Moon gravity from THPS2. The amount of jumping would be fun... then again, it'll take me a while to reach ground. 
I read your name as "shit fabbed" as in Fabulous. 
The kid replies back "ma'am?" 
Entertainment wise club? 
Interstellar. The wide angle shots is, out of this world. 
Force them? Maybe not force my parents, I'd ask them first on how they want to proceed. 
Laser rail gun. 
Oooooh , I want one too. 
I use another set of toothbrush to clean it, normally toothpaste that's not too abrasive is fine. 
Limit some of their eyes down to 2. 
I'm sorry to hear about your death. 
You mean... [International System of Units](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units)? 
My job is not done yet... 
I dislike the neighbour across the street, they talk loudly and drive as if the streets were their own. 
Maybe the way you *opened* the door, made people feel uneasy? 
Finances, I'd know how to manage my money. And how to share the wealth with family/ friends. 
You're posting this again? 
More people... and more supermarkets. Oy... 
Entrenching tool, tissues/kleenex, paper towel, water, and car freshener. 
Online as well. 
If something seems too good to be true. For example: Meeting someone, and they tell you about themselves. Some of the things don't add up and seem farfetched. Gut check comes in, and says *leave... now*. 

Edit: added a word
Realizing it's Saturday and I didn't have to wake up at 6am. 
I'd still go to work. Donate some of my money to a hospital. Visit the park? Hangout with my friends. Talk about business plans with friends, who don't have jobs. 
Let the anger out... on Reddit. I do agree with you, it does bother me a lot when someone doesn't use their blinker or signal. Especially when they're no less than 2 metres away from crashing into one's car. 
Are you okay?
The Walking Dead. I recently discovered season 5 has been posted.
For me, it's GTA5. My friend and I have so much fun, we often laugh at our failed attempts. Whether it's me accidentally blowing her car up with her inside. Or me getting run over by a cop car. 
I think both are equally important. I can't choose. 
Ah.... touché. 
Oh dear... there goes the TV. Hm, I don't think I can go home... since the TV is near the door. 

Edit: added more things.
You *could* borrow OP's train or airplane? =P
Cure for diseases, and cancer. 
I'm still using a front load washing machine from 10 years ago. Hm... The clothes look clean, and alright. It did break down 2 years ago, however my dad found the part and got it fixed.  Actually for mould, after each wash we leave the door open. That way the washing machine dries, and no stinky odour too. 
Onions, relish, and ketchup. Maybe a little hot sauce. 
"If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place."  - Nora Roberts
Unimpressed already eh? 
"Hm...I'm not sure, I'll get back to you on that."
By: UnimpressiveSpaceCow.  Haha, your name fits in. 
I think there was an episode like that.... [Here's the link](https://youtu.be/ax8LXKplyio)
Hm... I think I was a lurker for a short amount of time. I Reddit, to pass time, and see what's new. De-stress, and see what's funny. 
I'd split it with my family. Or buy something for my S.O.
I think about home, and PS4.  Or go for a walk around the area. Close up the office for 10-15 minutes, and go for a stroll. 
Forks/ spoons scratching on plate. 
If it's embarrassment my face will show it.  I usually do an interpretive dance, when I have trouble describing emotions into words. 
Say "thank you" then smile. Less awkward when smile is included. 
My mom use to say playing video games are for boys, yadda yadda. Until I proved to her that I learned a few things or two from video games. Besides, playing video games calms me soul. Especially from a stressful day at work, I fire on PS4 and *hellllloooo* relaxation. Until, I have trouble completing a certain mission from MGSV. 
You mean your game bunker? 
PS3/ PS4.  
Ahaha, digital wallets now! I can whack people with my current physical wallet. 
HAHAHA, I can imagine you calling them and waiting patiently... 
Having to carry a physical wallet around... maybe? 
It's easy to convey emotions! And it takes up less space than ='D. Unless the emojis take up the whole conversation...  Meh, to each their own. 

Edit: added one more thing. 

Hot sauce!
Fiskar. 
Earwax. 
I stay silent... until the anger wave clears. 
My S.O., family, everyone close to me. Because they're my support team, and I support them.  I also like to add my PS3/ PS4, for days where I needed me time. 
LMAO!