The trilogy bundle is one game with all of them together so I doubt you'll get a discount.
I noticed mine was quiet too. It's fine on headphones though.
It's up!
Waiting too.
Is it 3 separate games or 1 game that has all three? 
Plus all the required reading homework!
I know right? 
A little late but....

My friend:
Hey I think there is something wrong with my test results can you look at my version of the test / Scantron?

Teacher:
I cannot. I shred all paperwork after I grade them.

Me:
Lol..wut...
Yeah I'm thinking of one piece pirate warriors 3. Didn't think it's was going to get localized at all.
If I buy a game in another region and it gets released locally. If I redownload the game locally will my save file still continue?
Count me in
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/music/2017/jul/29/sza-record-company-took-my-hard-drive-beyonce-kendrick-lamar
Yeah I thought she didn't even get to chose the songs? The label took her hard drive and someone picked all the songs for the album.
Any good prank ideas for April 1st?
How has your style evolved over the years? Any inspiration?
Double tapping always worked out the box for me.
2-5%. You will have PMI but doable =/
Especially with the Star Wars movie coming
I know right, but West World is right around the corner!
Like two years ago I think.
I remember when season 2 felt so far away.
2Pac's Resurrection had huge sales, because it had the big media push for the joint Biggie and Tupac song that accompanied the album. 
Supposedly this is Kanye chopping and finding samples and him going back to the basics. He was negotiating deals to get access to full catalogs for sampling purposes.
He says he quickly found out some friendships were there because of business.
Honestly Rich Chigga was kinda dope.
Haha damn
Regulate is always on the throwback station in California
Another Husband checking in. I approve this message.
I want this game, but I haven't even picked up Odyssey yet and on the road to facing off with Ganon. This is going to be a Spring/Summer purchase sadly. I love the streak of games, but as a working parent it's hard to keep up.
I contacted Google and they said they're sending them out in batches. I just got my code the other day.
What happened to Mos Def?
He said that it wasn't his time. The people wanted melody over rhymes. Now that things are shifting back to rhymes he's getting his release.
Pretty lucky, I thought he stopped doing sound checks.
Bruh upvoted
I asked him during a Spotify AMA why it wasn't on GKMC and he said "Sampling issues man...." IDK
Sampling issues will be difficult for release
Ads are not intrusive and can be dismissed fairly easily on my G5 plus
Well after Jay got on it the song was supposed to go on Watch the Throne, but he kept it for himself.
I like the version with Caroline Shaw and Ty$
Had the music running in the background. Thought it was Ludacris, was confused to hear someone that sounded like Eminem.
Double dick dude
Have you considered power engineering? Very little programming required in this field. Can do utility or building design. Recommendation is to get exposure to Revit or AutoCAD if you're interested.

Nice thing about this field is that you can jump in straight from a BS.
Yeah sway sounded like he was joking though
Uhh...did I need to add the Mini to get the free mini with the pre-order?
Thank god we don't have to do lift the camera up in a straight line anymore.
I dont think so. They didn't mention it
Welcome back google "glass"!
curved glassssssssssss
Chromebook
Not necessarily, they are chatting with friends and not work.
They're people in the 24-35 range going to what I assume is work.
I see lots of hangout users on my commute.
This guy looks like the guy from the girl who smashes a beer can on her face and chugs it.
Gave it a good try and it just wasn't for me.
Home owners association. It's an local ruling agency made up of home owners.
He needs that Hip-Hop union that NORE was talking about
I started having video card failures, but they replaced it with a new model!
What printer do you use?
I'm just glad my radio station was playing the whole album with no commercials more than once yesterday! With Jay Z commentary too in-between tracks!
No problem happens all the time!
MOM Khaled?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5lAXPHy7qs

here you go
I buy one jar if I'm out and about and need a little extra food! Call me crazy!
Don't  mess up my favorite gag! Or the octopus gets it!

🐙🔫
I remember t-pain saying it didn't work out cause he'd​ send songs to Wayne and Wayne wouldn't send stuff back.
Hola Hovito!
I lived in Japan. Wakamatsu in Hayward is a small mom and pop shop that is Japanese owned. They don't do Yakitori, but they have meals that remind me of back there.
Yakitori West in Dublin.
Any tips on what I should do for my wife on mother's day?
How do I demo Zelda to my friends without it overeating my game file? Create a new profile?
I thought someone gave Jay a copy of Coles mixtape. The signing factor was him listening to Lights Please.
My target in the bay area had 4 chilling on the counter today.
Any good memories you'd Like to share from the XXL freshman sessions?
You can probably program an NFC card/tag yourself and they cost hardly anything.
I have the issue of all weapons breaking. I'm really early in the game < 10 hours.
I got the neon bundle
Mine came in on Monday
Mine shipped yesterday
I bought he gamestop bundle as I was tired of looking around for it. If you could spare the extra $$ or you were gonna buy the games anyway could be worth the time for you.
Yeah I figured my time looking for the unit and peace of mind outweighed the price difference. It wasn't too big of a price difference either to MSRP.
The gamestop near one of my offices said that the shipment is via UPS and they are not guaranteed a time and that it can come anytime from open to 5PM.
The other bundle I got had shovel knight.
I really cannot believe how many iterations of this song existed before the final release.
What is some good business advice that you can give?
What have you been up to lately?
(2) tracks called black is gold is going to mess up my set list.
Google play is underrated. Sometimes we get the music before other services. We still had blueprint and reasonable doubt way after Spotify lost streaming rights.
Too bad he couldn't get the clearance for it. Makes you wonder how it would have fit on GKMC.
I remember when this came out everyone thought that this was a going to be huge for Kendrick. Was really surprised of Drake doing this.
I had MLK Washington and Lincoln off during grade school.
I am a new parent...any tips?
How did you spend Valentine's day?
It worked for Justin.
You can turn off wifi calling in your settings
15 minutes wit CPR is rough
What's cooler than being cool?
Yikes!
This is his Christmas shopping list Nori and Saint.
Whats on the CD?
Mannie said he's waiting on Mos Def.
It was confused
I expect you can get it on Amazon or Google or even Hulu
Sounds like click bait. The album will come when everything is right and not forced....not the title "When the Time is Right"...
I got that plus 50% off any season
More along the lines of people who has potential to be special
I get them for target every single time
Probably repurposed....or they recorded more than one song together.
Upvoted
Matthew Santos.... That's a name I haven't seen in a while
None so far
Merch line is getting long....real long
Usually not
I'll be checking in to see when the show starts. I'll be going to Sunday's show.
What leaked versus?
Nor marketing... Billboards of iPhone shots don't pay for themselves
I felt sick watching this video. Cool concept, but it was disorienting rotating the phone.
We know you have bars can we get some of that bounce?
I boil them in the water and use cooking chopsticks to separate the noodles. How? I gently swirl the noodles around and eventually they break up. A fork will work too.
Yeah they did all the hard work converting 7.0 it makes sense to support this generation and not 8.0 can only hope though
We are getting 7.1
They pretty much said black star was meant for live performances.
Automatic numbering, consistent table formatting, easier to manage keynotes of sheets with multiple views.

I've dealt with keynote corruption where you could lose all your keynotes. Also if you are on California with OSHPD you have to keep track of the changes on your sheet... If you delete a keynote it automatically renumbers... Different people have different opinions on that.


If you're going to have the same note on every sheet you might as well make it a sheet now or a general note IMO.
Yeah I watched the live stream on periscope for the 2017 changes. It's going to be like a regular editor that you can bold underline and italicize. No more zooming that will mess up the text.
I'm just happy that they finally revamped the text editor
Yeah didn't the last person who broke it have to rap in the bathroom?
Nah
Skippin on these hoes, call that Passover
at least he picked a beat that would go with his voice.
Time to roll up in a wheelchair
Well....fuck...
Woah! I've never realized it was a different person in the movies!
Where's the footage from Khaled's perspective?
No love and seriously underrated it sometimes gets music before Spotify too.
He said he fell skateboarding, but IDK man...this long? Is he trying to do what Nelly did under the eye but herpe edition?
I'm the cookie monster yeaaaaaaaaaaah
The last ATCQ death put the fire in his battery pack.
I'm stock and it happens all the time
I used to be exclusive Barch until a few weeks ago. It has really opened me up to higher loot gains. But I agree cheap to build and great if you aren't after trophies.
Yeah you can get in with a bachelor's degree.  You will need to learn AutoCAD and Revit to pick up some drafting skills. Have a good base in circuits, pick up some power and power distribution courses and you'll be off to a good start.

There are plenty internship opportunities so you can get a taste of the industry if you like it. It will help you understand the systems that are put in a building and what is required on a day to day basis.
Power engineering. I had minimal programming classes. Out in the working world I program 0% of the time. Work in the building industry.
I love this album so much. It's capturing the soundtrack of my life right now.
Obama chose LoveHate thing over Clappers?
PST CST or EST
Someone get Yeezy on the phone 
Someone get Yeezy on the phone 
Called it
If we could only bring back the flame emoji...They don't want us to have the flame emoji
NoMalic has stated multiple times that he isn't down for that.
Probably first releases. My radio station only plays the first string and not the updated versions of FSMH.
No Angie Martinez?
Do you find that you are getting a good ROI?
They were just mimicking the old days when you had to fast forward on cassette tapes to hear the hidden track.
Bad boy reunion tour or Saint Pablo tour?

Which one? // Which one?

I've been to a bunch of Kanye shows, but I've never seen any of the Bad Boy artists. I can only do one.
Rights. Eventually rights do not get renewed. Albums go out of print. Better get the music you like while you can.
My friend is a structural engineer who finished his masters 6 months ago and was telling me that everyone one of his colleagues has their masters and that you basically need the masters to get hired. Then again there are internship programs that you can get while in school that can turn into jobs... Then you can take advantage of getting your masters subsidized by your employer. When there's a will there's a way as the old saying goes.
That's some mood music.
Burn!
Most of his discography from Encore and beyond has been leaving me with much to desire. 😞
Engineering is definitely the backbone. Helps allot in meetings when there needs to be coordination or you need to help explain concepts to people who need the ELI5 answer.
***That sentence is hella California
He better be wearing a pink fur coat for his AMA or I'm going to be very disappointed.
Any chance for a nonfestival tour? I wont be able to see you for outsidelands :/
Thanks for the new mixtape it's beautiful!
Tthis app is great. I use it all the time for work to annotate pdfs add comments, pics, etc. really easy user interface roo.
Who is Colin Morrissey and why did he flag Chance's album on Dat Piff?
to the top with you
no US release????
Humble bundle style
He should sell it for a penny
Shhhhhhhhh the place is small enough as it is 😉
I just want the Pablo tour :/
I wish I could take the pain away....if you could make it through the night it'd be a better day
Keith is going to have quite the story to tell his wife when he finally comes home from his new job.
Are you more Baloo or King Louie in your directing style?
Does anyone hear Pusha and Cyhi on this?
Who needs a nap?
Hit by the popo light beams
GQ man of the year Cudi Drizzy and Me - Wale
I was able to get it on Google music. Idk
Freestyle with a pad?
Then Dora came and took over
Well Pharrell stepped back from music to design chairs in Japan for a few years.¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
I just remember this being a leak from back in the days. Not necessarily related to a project.

Edit: It was an international bonus song for Late Registration I was wrong!
How will this affect us?
Can you send it to me too?
Real friends....how many of us.....how many honest
Watch the Throne has so many heaters and highly quotable. I rank it pretty high.
More like plotting baby
Scented...by adding bullion cube?
The track has Caroline Shaw singing all over it.
Wow that intro to Only One
Jacking Chance
Maybe Kirk showed it to him?
What's the most budget friendly thing I can do for my Girl this valentine's day?
Where's Stoicville?
He's probably tweaking things based on the reactions from today.
Did Ye just make a Gospel album?!
Life saver. I was on 360P and it was shaking up.
It keeps buffering on my end =\
Who is Pablo?
Big boy just put in Ye's head to find an unreleased Pac verse for the album. Wow.
Big Boy put it in Ye's head to find an unreleased Pac verse for the album.
, , , chameleooooooon
Thanks sensei
I may not have song of the day, but I'll get donkey of the day
Midol 
Bravo
We had no idea. When the songs were released people were excited because when Run Away was performed on MTV it was apparent that they were making these track and releasing them as the following Friday Pusha T referenced his performance.

Christian Dior Denim Flow and Christmas in Harlem was also released after the album's release through Good Fridays. 

I believe Kanye took all the criticism for each of the tracks and polished them. Monster was originally meant for WTT, but he took it for his album after all the hype following it's release.

Also....it was weird to have almost every Good Friday track feature Charlie Wilson it was like he was living in the studio at the time.

One song a year :(
Yes. What you are describing is correct. I even called nelnet a couple years back and they confirmed it too.
I'm in!
It feels good. I accidentally didn't apply it correctly and had an air bubble...tried to fix it and made it worse 😞 still feels responsive as normal.
Mine should be coming in the mail tomorrow.

http://www.amazon.com/Protector-Microsoft-Ultra-thin-Hardness-Tempered/dp/B00N7QH4GW/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1450818378&sr=8-1&keywords=screen+surface+pro+4
Bought a tempered glass protector from amazon for $12. No case as of yet though.
Fun fact: As elephants get older their trunks lose color sort of like how people experience grey hair when they age.
Here is the list of approved calculators

http://ncees.org/exams/calculator-policy/
From what I understand you have to use your data stash...can anyone else confirm this?
What happens after the 3 months? Do we revert back to our old plan?
Rick loves terrible mothers
Astounding that Monster created the biggest Hype train for Nicki Minaj
Hoping for New Era Doom Masks
> This one thing we did that one time in that one place

We got that introspective Nas
That was a nice convenient feature, but it doesn't stop recruiters from searching for you though.
I have a feeling this is getting scrapped no matter how much I like it....or he's giving it to Vic Mensa
Got an update. Was just security update 😟
You have to include the amount of money that was required to lease the space. I'm sure it's not cheap $/sqft to lease a space in SoHo.

Then you have to pay all the consultants who are designing the space their chunk of money to spend time designing. That's the architects, MEP, security, Av, acoustical, and structural consultants. Their fees alone could rack up a million.

Then we have the cost of the actual material that needs to be shipped and stored on site and the cost of the construction team to manage the site while people are designing or on hold if design is delayed.

Depending on how busy the area is has X multiplier on the sub-contractors fees.

I wouldn't be surprised if there were unknown factors that were thrown in...unseen existing conditions in the building...someone wanting to have a signature design piece Incorporated in the space...programming changes...etc

You can see the money quickly adds up as each team gets their share of the pie.
Deleted thanks!
No love for Tink?
Electrical power checking in. Morning felt pretty good afternoon was okay. Third time taker hopefully third time's the charm!
I agree with Overdoz. Most exciting new group for me.
Missed opportunity for Too Cool
I read it as Pusha - T-Pain lol
I knew he was DJing, but didn't know about the beat pricing. Times have  changed they aren't paying what they used to for beats.
Timbaland is claiming that he already paid.
Does anyone else have the download link?
Better step your math game up! Silicon Valley Style.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFYy3oEnzVg
Any word on when their album is dropping?
AJ said Lauryn Hill has a vault full of unreleased music.
One is not like the other!
What was the loophole?
I hope this doesn't get Detox'ed
They also cut Drake from the album though
They also cut Drake from the album though
How are you going to remove one of the biggest artists in the game from the single that is getting widely played on the radio? Aint that some bait and switch.
Sweat Suit ring a bell?
Thank you Malcom
Finally got added to Google All access music today. Probably on Spotify now
What is this JUICE you keep talking about? Gimme some of that purple stuff.
I remeber Ye saying that he couldn't get Jay or Nas on the same track so he did the next best thing and put their features back to back on the album
Oh noes I hope things will be alright
Didn't Mannie Fresh say that he's waiting on Mos?
I just feel of the bed! Ouch :x
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ST6ZRbhGiA
Looks like a Robot Chicken Parody
You are going to marry this girl.
Yeah going in I thought we'd see each shot happening as described. Not 3.
Can we even buy her music digitally?
My mom has an otterbox that she puts inside a plastic bag.
I know he did me on them :|
Meek's Goku?
Top 5 Rappers?
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEUTGj1yOME
It's got 2 million views fam
Macaroons?
How long does it take for them to start growing?
I've made a huge mistake.
I wonder what happened with all the cut outs.
Oh god it's the best. Anyone know what's playing?
I was waiting too he was the definitely the next guy in line... But maybe Jody Breeze kept Jody Breeze from blowing up.
Yeeaaaaah
Ross would have a field day
It never ends!
Did I hear a Hadouken ?
Keep an eye on your worksets! Don't forget to sync often.

Google will be your friend for task specific questions. I found that a we are not alone with the our troubles and it is often asked already on the AUGI forums.

Don't worry you'll be a pro in no time!
What's am I supposed to be looking forward to during the middle of the work week.
I definitely got the first string of CDs released and has the live version on it
Which album has Common performed front to back years later? None other than Be. That speaks on how well this album is received.
You can tell from the whole process that this was organic and natural. Common was in the zone. I remember watching the DVD extra that came packaged with the CD and he was picking out just the cover art. Common was trying to capture the naturalness and happiness he was feeling for the album.

Link of Common picking cover: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ygft6eV6OIk

Kanye talking about the making of BE:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9zCuS-u21A

This is one of my favorite albums of all time. There was a hype train leading up this album. I was reading in the Source and Scratch magazine saying that this was going to be a GREAT album. Scratch even featured a verse from Chi City to spawn the rebirth of Common.

Within a short period of time we had Kanye, John Legend, and Common releasing albums under this Getting Out Our Dreams imprint. It was a start of something new and creative.


I just got one in the mail for my best man. It's a nice looking watch. I'm sure you will love it. I'm kind of jealous!
What I heard Antman was supposed to be in phase 1, but  he had to take time off to film another movie as a dying promise to a friend to complete a "trilogy". By the time he returned the MCU kicked off and now his movie had to fit into the new expanding universe.
What am I going to do without my daily dose of 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Didn't 50 say The Documentary was basically his follow up for Get Rich or Die Trying, but ended up giving a core of it to Game because even though he could rap needed help making songs?
I know right. California is even requiring finger print scanning now.
Hard to follow Tink, they should have placed her last. I'm surprised they made this the first cypher this is the one I was looking forward to the most.
What was it like touring with kanye pre-dropout days? Do you mind sharing a story?
Saw him live for the Yeezus tour. He played with a live band that I felt didn't translate the music well. Combine that with a with him experimenting with his love performance and you'd see what people are talking about.

He's improved based on this performance though.
ENVY .... THE DJ ...... DOT  COM
I just caved and resigned into Spotify and played it with the commercials on the computer. Not that big of a deal breaker.
Not on Google All Access Music yet.
Imagine she was about to drop an Album and pushed it back to be on the XXL freshman list. Definitely a good look for her. More excited for her upcoming project.
Can you DM me info?
Did anyone pick up on this? Little mermaid is my fiance's favorite movie
You read it on Reddit
More about Nothing
Yeah makes me wonder if it's a management deal. I'm sure he would have announced that he's finally free. First tidal and now the signing...sounds like Jay threw stock options in there to sweeten the deal.
That's really cool!
MY LIFE FOR AIUR
Kanye and Consequence
Didn't realize it was one continual shot. Very cool. 
I heard in an interview that Snoop became a member of NWA. Does anyone know when?

Edit:
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2plV2FJItnY
Giant sized Android Stay Puft Marshmallow man? I only can hope!
This album was a stand out in so many ways: Content, Sound, Topics, Style, Presentation, Flow.

People have to remember that this came out in a market that was heavily saturated in Gangster Rap music. The only thing coming out were songs talking about violence, misogyny, popping bottles, being a pimp. Kanye threw it all out the door with his backpacker look and topics regarding the middle class and thoughts on education. His flow was unpolished and you could hear that was running out of breaths on so many songs. He had a lot of witty lines and a lot of songs that were highly relate-able. 

No one in my town was talking about Kanye until Jesus walks started getting major play on the radio. Even then whenever I talked about Kanye West it was more played along the lines of "Oh that guy who raps about Jesus" (in a making fun of him sort of way). It didn't help that he created 3 videos for this song that for the most part looked like a parody with Jesus stalking a kid and doing jump rope.

Remember Kanye was the hot producer of the moment. When his album came out, critics were saying Kanye kept all the BEST beats for his album. If you had a chance to hear the original College Dropout with the brown cover, you would hear the unbalanced mixing. The remaster fixed alot of the level issues.

No one in my town was talking about Kanye as a rapper until Jesus walks started getting major play on the radio. Even then whenever I talked about Kanye West it was more played along the lines of "Oh that guy who raps about Jesus" (in a making fun of him sort of way). It didn't help that he created 3 videos for this song that for the most part looked like a parody with Jesus stalking a kid and doing jump rope.

Was this album ground breaking? I don't think so, but it was a start. A start to consistency. It was an album that brought something different and unique and was is something that we can relate too probably even more in today's climate. We have to remember that even Kanye didn't think that his career was going to last as a rapper. He proclaimed that he would complete the college trilogy and be an exclusive producer for the rest of his career.

Obviously things have changed and the rest is history.

Is this what Crystal Meth was supposed to be?
I feel bad for Tinashe she could have used the promotion. She's so slept on.
If your job does not require someone to sign off on documents then I would say you probably do not need it. However if you decide that you want to switch careers or industry down the line a PE will be useful since you may never know when you'll need it or when it will be a requirement.
Just the rap charts. Even the rap/r&b it was #3. The hot 100 it was #17.
We also cannot forget the accapella album that was sampled to bring hits and spawned the Grey Album by Danger Mouse.

Also the Good-Bye concert at Madison where he he sold it out within 5 minutes....which may be a hip-hop first to sell out let alone in record times.
PSA is the anthem. I get hyped every time that song gets played.
STOP THE TAPE......NOW REWIND THAT!
I went through the bus lane on accident. I was only charged the toll fee. I had a fastrak and it was my first offense. YMMV though
1. Eminem originally toyed with naming the album Amsterdam.


2. “Kim” was the first track Em recorded for the album while he was touring for the Slim Shady LP.


3. Em first heard what would become the “Kill You” beat while he was on the phone with Dre and he overheard the instrumental in the background.


4. The 45 King got the idea for the “Stan” beat while paying bills, and he recorded the sample from his television.


5. Em and Dre submitted the album to Interscope in March 2000, but Jimmy Iovine said it needed more. “The Way I Am” and “The Real Slim Shady” were the result.



Nicki's monster verse was toted as Verse of the year when it came out. So many people were spazzing out at how she came on the track.

Even Kanye said he had to let his ego aside to let Nicki shine on the record. If his ego got the best of him he would have removed her verse from the song.
So much for breaking the stereotype that he claimed he wanted. I'm assuming its the label pushing for this.
I thought it was amber too
Great album. At the time of the release I just I didn't understand the love below outside of the radio singles. It was just so far left at the time. I remember burning CD copies for my friends and they loved SB and thought TLB was just plain weird.

Its funny how the landscape of music has changed that TLB fits in more with today's music. SB bangs, but TLB shows how much ahead of the time the music was.
Makes you think he doesn't have many stories.
When Pharrell said we were getting Snoop DOG I was expecting more bars and less singing. Having said that this has been a fun album to listen too. It sounds like Snoop had lots of fun making it and it doesn't sound forced.

This is backyard BBQ music. I hope Kanye takes note!
Me too.
I believe if the crowd was kept being hyped up they would have kept going. At San Jose the crowd died down after the 3rd or 4th time and they stopped playing. Some peopple claimed that they played it more than 11!
Excited for Tink, but this sounds unpolished. The transitions don't really work for me.
I'm sad cause I lost my OG copy of the college dropout with the brown cover. I know it has bad mixing but its weird listening to the remastered version of you be been listening to something different.
Yep. She's obsessed with her own booty lol
This is him with clothing right now
Jay favorite line, "Dog in due time"
I always thought Cash Money was a dead end for him. At the time of signing, cash money was already over crowded with huge roster of artists who were bigger than him. 

What attention would they give someone who hadn't really made any hits. His days as Mr. 106 and Park were long gone.

Good riddance. Hopefully he reevaluates his music and gets back to work.
People were definitely calling him arrogant. The rants back then didn't help either. I remember when touch the sky didn't win video of the year he was like.... Yo I spent X dollars on this AND HAVE Pamela Anderson AND you STILL won't give me VOTY!?!?
Before Cam got the shit to pop
Or makes people buy all the games now.
You should really be thanking Yeezy
So many people were too scared to help me when I lived in Japan and I spoke Japanese. Part of me thinks it's because of my American accent and the fear that they would have had to try and understand English. This was in Tokyo by the way.
I too was disappointed
I think you probably just notice the voice of the complainers, because the people happy with the app don't say anything. I remember a time when people were begging for SMS integration.

Personally I have group chats with all my friends through hangouts. PC use makes it convenient to chat at work or device that has hangouts installed.
Such a huge cast!
Frieza is coming back?!
I was so excited back then with those two releases and the rumor of them of them doing a collab album. 

Too bad Jay is flat out saying no to the collab. I bet the story would be different if Nas was selling better commercially.

I feel like the Jay and Nas collabs don't get as much love as they deserve. Sure they may have not lived up to our expectations, but we set the bar up really high.
Great album. Got into this after the Beautiful Struggle. Kind of wish he had more collabs with Kanye. They always brought the heat.

Also how huge Captain America is compared to everyone else.
Did you see her interview with Angie Martinez? She broke down crying on the the show. She said if it wasn't for the fame and industry she would have been married and had kids with dude.
Is this the spliced version with Kendrick in the front?
Thought there would have been more six's.
You can't shut down B6-14. Chop off the head and another will take its place.
Why link a sing with no sound?
I subscribed to Amazon/Google Play and I watched TWD, GOT, and Breaking Bad during the current season to watch the newest episodes after the day after they aired. Price point is $2-$4 per episode.
Can you buy just that one TV series as they air or a per season pass via Amazon or Google? That seems to be much cheaper in the long run and you get to keep the episodes if that is the only show you are watching.
Thinking about lifetime membership. So far it seems like the best method I've used on the go that is dynamic enough to keep the learning interesting. 
The right side looks like Phil Dumphy
Wasn't this the Hip-Hop is dead era? We had a lot of greats trying to promote that hip-hop wasn't dead...then NaS dropped the album.... I agree that there were a lot of music that came out from the majors that were clunkers.
Who?!
Let the karma rain down
That may explain it. I saw the tranqs go off and the mission was completed. Didn't think that it could have died when it got hit with the trans bomb.
I was able to carve from a trapped monster last night. I didn't think it was possible. It was a regular double hunt and we captured both monsters. I was only able to carve the second monster though. Fluke? Idk
Best place to eat in the Bay?
I was prepared for a rick roll
I had a hard enough time jumping from Spotify Premium to Google Play Music  AND Google Play Music was cheaper at the time. 

I knew GPM was going to have less music available, but I knew I was paying less for the service. I don't know how I would feel about switching to a more expensive service that may have LESS music.
Togarashi, Nanami, or hot sesame oil. You have the winning combo.
I know right? I haven't stopped playing it since it came out.
What is your go to recipe that never lets you down?
How's that jazzz guitaaaaaaah?
[Stop the record!......NOW REWIND THAT!](https://youtu.be/R4SYIfhzMmU?t=4m49s)
Waiting for Tmobile
Thanks!
It says, "having someone available to do your job so you can be fired with ease"

http://imgur.com/D5JrX0s
Why is there a hover box over your reply?
There were so many good tracks on there. Definitely slept on.
 Ooh I hope so!
I heard it during the MCHG promotion run when he was on the Angie Martinez Show:

https://youtu.be/VlPi4qKdUlc?t=1m30s
I thought Swizz and Timbo were freestyling on the keys?
http://www.vulture.com/2013/06/pharrell-williams-interview.html
You're going to need royalties for that one!
*rings the chime* Big Boy
I was wondering what was happening to Big Boy. I haven't seen a new video on Power for a while.
So many Flame Emoji's...on STAGE
ALL DAY
YEEZUS IS PERFORMING 

Edit: check the 1:46 mark
All Day Hater
I have a feeling she had signed an agreement to not spill personal information about Ye that she learned about during their period of dating.


Funny cause during Graduation, he was flaunting in interviews how he made the perfect song with Gold Digger.
I adopted mine at 9 and she does it too bless her heart!
"You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain."


Once they went corporate their whole attitude seemed to shift. Scandals we
Buy an antenna. Local stations in HD.
I thought the number was big, then I realized there was a horizontal scroll bar!
Your album is crazy! What artists helped influence your sound? 
Fahrenheit 115 pt 2: Revenge of the nerds, Food and Liquor, The Cool
OT Genesis, School Boy Q, Dr. Dre.
Recipe?
Nice job Ben
How do you split screen?
I only use HDR+ and have not had any issues with it.
I notice the error happens if I leave my phone on too long. Eventually when I unlock my screen the background doesn't fully load and will stay that way until I reboot my phone.
Thank you for your reply!
Thank you for your reply and putting that into perspective!
Yeah I was looking at the schedule and it was Wayne then Nicki then Tyga back to back to back.
How'd she get her album released but not Wayne?
Why poke a hole in the egg?
I got it the day it was announced. I was pretty pleased to see it out so fast.
Sobo is very nice and was my go to spot in the East Bay for a while. They used to have groupon specials where you got a large carafe of their soju cocktails.

I'm glad that they added a spicy black tonkotsu. That was one thing that I always added on their recommendation card.
Thanks, I added. I have slight burn in on the soft key navigation. It's barely noticeable on a grey screen test. So I put NO under burn-in.
Looks like they cut it off right before Redman was about to go in :(
He hasn't been the same since he cut off his dreads and people started claiming hip hop was dead.
This was confirmed with the Root's Picnic. They were simply asking for too much money to do the festival and The Roots wanted to keep their ticket sales low so they nixed OutKast. (ticket prices would have rose 100-200 to just have OutKast on the bill)

The whole tour was just a giant cash grab.
The S series has been one of Samsungs Flagship phones for years...
It was raining today and I had my phone in the coat pocket. Bent over and it feel out of and fell flat on the screen and bounced around. Glad I put a cheap case and screen protector. No nicks.
So much in following the Blueprint model of not having many features. 

Jay had 3 features: Eminem, Jay, Mary. Two were for hook purposes.

Edit: Forgot about Biz Markie on the hook.
I have a suspicion that we won't be seeing the footage for a long time. Kanye claimed that Glow in the Dark Concert video footage was done when he was doing the tour, but we never saw anything out of it.

I have a feeling he's going to be releasing these when he retires to ear some extra money.

Does anyone know how long it took for the Michael Jackson's various tours to be released to the public for sale?

Edit: a word
I don't have it. I remember watching this video where they were trying to eat as much sushi as they could and one guy was getting sick and he complained that his urine was getting cloudy
What if it gets cloudy?
Have an up vote dear chap! I'm sure it'll come soon. The delivering system seems sporadic.
I'm sorry to hear that :( yeah 64 also
I ordered at 630am PST did you get shipping? I just got mine earlier today.
From 5 Year Engagement...Somewhat Relevant:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvps0Q9-UqQ
And cheap too! Let's not forget the most important part!
Alright, I'll contact a CSR to ask about it!
Did anyone get billed for it yet? Haven't seen it on my card yet.
Your order number is: 4143xxxxx

Order date: 06:00 AM PST

Order status: Being Processed

UPDATE: SHIPPED
Ordered 6:00AM PST and called the service rep and the automation message said estimated delivery is 11/25. I had 1 day shipping too so IDK if that has to do with it.
Thanks. Trying to add a line to an existing account.... So I guess that's considered new? I'm done for tonight. Going to try in the morning :(
I can't add a new line and order it? I can see it if I am upgrading though?
Still does up as coming soon. Cant even upgrade
T-Mobile customers can get our most popular 7" tablet on us when you sign up for a tablet data plan.


Whole lot of NOPE for me.
For Fucks Sake
Thanks for doing this. How big are your hands? The Nexus 6 looks so wimpy in your hands.


wimpy wimpy wimpy
Great! I was waiting for this deal to show up. Glad I didn't jump on it last Friday.
The material is listed as "man made". 
Then Pink Friday came out and we know where the title was inspired from.
My s3 is doing fine, but I'm just tired of SD card corruption. I can't live off 16 GB internal memory :(
I like to think of it this way
Effect is efficiency
Affect has influence 
What is the funniest thing that Stephen Colbert has done to throw you off on the show?
Wayne sounding like Young Thug sounding like Wayne
Remember when people were confused about How to Love being the super radio smash to be waiting for?
I remember Kanye saying in an interview that he was so nervous coming back that he ended up doing the song faster than normal.

It was crazy how he took the input about how much we loved the MPC on song that he added it to the final version on the CD.

Also...we cannot forget Good Fridays where the next friday Pusha was talking about his SUIT!
My favorite too :)
So if I have All Access I will not have access to Music Key?
Woah $175 annual fee?!
Welcome to the Show About Nothing!
I was too scared to play this as a kid and it was waaaaaay creepy.
Be still...my beating heart
Perfectly read in Bob Saget's voice.
Gobstopper
Well I feel stupid. I had it on in the background and was waiting for the verse to drop. The song finished -_____-
That was my plan. I hope the phone isn't filled with bloatware.
You cannot even buy it off of Motorola. Has to be a mistake.
What about the early adopter price?
I knew it was going to come eventually. Loved the free parking. My station is never full though idk
I wonder if this is related to that one post where the person said they were moving to the Bay Area but keeping their third world pay.
This is pretty much it. Create a project that is ready with all the families work sets and views setup.
Woooohoooo!
Holy shit, I was reading this as I started reading it and did not notice. I was wondering when YT was gonna come in.
What bands does it support?
I still see it, but when I refresh my screen it disappears.
People are saying 1PM EST, but it's unconfirmed.
And it saves on data streaming!
Lady Finger Confirmed!
Oh yeah sorry, I gave you the SD pricing! If you commit to the full season they'll give you around 5-10 cents off per episode.
Just buy the season off of Amazon cost me $24 to get access to the whole season as they come out.
Remember Colby
QUICK...Favorite martial arts movie?
Is your agent of SHIELD?
I always thought it I was okay. For a while it was the only ramen place in sac though before ramen shops popped up like candy shops.
Wow  really cool :)
You win Master Builder!
Welp....looks like it is over. Hella short =\
Does your moto x support 700mhz (band 12)?
Maps + Texting for giving directions to those without a smartphone
If you were to walk around Comic Con as a character who would it be?
What is a life lesson you learned that you can pass onto us?
When was the last time you stumbled into the BK Lounge?
Ain't it jay? What she order android L today?
I am impressed she got Wii fit trainer
Google, Motorola.....NEXUS 6
Thanks. I feel derpy now hah
Remember when Ironman 2 came out and people were really skeptical about Avengers happening at all? Then Incredible Hulk happened and we were like NAAAAW...then Thor came along and we were like IT'S HAPPENING?!

Avengers was the ultimate nerd's wet dream and now we have this whole cinematic universe to experience. Who would have thought that Marvel would have paved their own movie lane?
What do you mean?
Will the referral work if my fiance refer's me and I hop onto her plan?
I was pretty interested in this phone. /r/Android has been praising it for the past few weeks. There isn't wireless charging on the unit...idk...I never had so many phones to choose from before.

It's good to hear that this phone will have Band 12 though.
iOS or Android?
Here comes the king!
I heard you have to pay taxes on the forgiven debt as if it was income for the year that it was forgiven.
Started out with 100K+ for a bachelors in engineering at a private. I don't think it's was worth it. I should have went to a public school or a 2 year JC and transfer.

Can definitely feel it post grad.
Aww poor manga reader.
Are you referring the US variants? They merged them a while ago into d2lte release.
I've seen Star Fox on Groupon multiple times for less than $20. So yeah it is a rip off.
He announced it during the interview. I don't know how long it's been though.
Wale can rap his ass off and had great songs at the same time. He is so underrated.

It's sad to see him leave ROC nation. Right when the roster was looking killer too. Maybe he's worried about being a priority?
I'm in the same boat. Just wishing for the best!
At least yours gave you hope. Mine did neither. :(
What a picture whore!
I'm on Slimrom and for some reason I can't download the app on my GS3. :(
Not compatible with GS3
Near Field Communication. It's a standard for data transmission.
I feel you. I just re-watched the season and I was thinking the same thing.
I WOKE UP LIKE THIS
So many people were convinced that hardware key boards were never going to leave and that they preferred it over the capacitive board.

How times have changed. It's rare to find a phone with a keyboard built into it. 
NorCal resident here. There are limitations and mandated reductions in the bay area. It's on a county by county basis right now, but people are seeing 3x+ in fines for not meeting the mandates.
Cold is the best and it makes it easy for work meals and left overs :)
Oyakudon, Gyudon, Yakisoba, Curry, Ramen, Udon, Oden, Gyoza, Shabu, Miso Soup, Tenpura, Onigiri, Takoyaki, Okonomiyaki, Soba, Kurobuta.


Congrats on the album. I heard it this morning and it's awesome! Hoping to catch you in November when you come to SF. Cheers!
Orenchi?
Seriously, Can I get a bowl that doesn't have over-cooked noodles?
I haven't found any place in the City that will outbest the best of South Bay and San Mateo. I've eaten at tons of Ramen places too. /u/justforflan knows what's up.
Groot is love. Groot is life.
Thank You OP. I just noticed that I just reached 10 Due to me FLASHING roms too.
We all know drake is the top contender of these lists every year.
I thought this episode was about sex. :(
Came for settlers. Was disappointed.
Brought to you by Samsung.

Seriously though. This album still sounds fresh.

Edit: She had everybody but Solange in that video :(
The commentator was saying that Rosalina is OP.
Congrats! I totally feel you. I went up to see the sunrise and it ended up being so cloudy/foggy at the top. I was so dissappointed!

Did you get the stick with the mile stone marks burnt on it?
Funny, my friend said that it was packed at Ramen Festival and told them to go to Ramen Dojo.
Proper use of reddit material. This man checks out.
I got a jawbone recently too 😔
That price is a game changer.
Disappointed when I went to the store to see that all my devices are incompatible  :(
I am dreading the day when the bay sound is going to sound dated. :(
He say's Blood on the Leaves as track 1 would have made the album more like-able. I doubt it. The whole album was another 808's where it was vastly different form his other works. Definitely much harder to get into after coming from MDTF where it was the culmination of all the albums before it.
I always have this feeling since WTT that they are saving their features for each other for the sequal. Then again, Jay kept confirming, but Ye hadn't really said anything so IDK.
What does rubbing do? Releasing the scent with the increased heat? Or are you spreading it too much?
How do you differentiate Paid vs Free in Complete?
I bet Kanye has this verse in a vault somewhere watch it pop out of nowhere.
That was the only line that stuck out on first listen. Glad you pointed it out.
That Polo. Miss that old look of Kanye.
This is a great idea. I just gave them my two cents about how disappointed I was.
So much for a smash related reward :(
He's under Roc Nation.
He's under Roc Nation.
Where do you find the behind the scenes? Is this on the DVD version?
Apparently Walgreen's sells it. Just checked their website.
We will probably hear in 3-6 weeks.
They open at 11 am. 30 minutes in there was a long line. There is outdoor seating. Not sure what the demand will be like a few weeks out. Good luck and let me know what you think!
It was green onion. You can see the other ingredients in my ramen Instagram account. http://instagram.com/p/p4W5UckTZn/
You will be paying around the same amount. I enjoyed this more than ramen underground. Portions are smaller here. Keep in mind they have 5 ramen selections. Most of them are shouyu based.
The Ramen Bar on 101 California.
I really hope there is going to be a dark mode.
Too bad he couldn't get the sample cleared for this. I was looking forward to this on GKMC.
I think they are assuming 401(k) investments.
Motorola 360
Watch for you, watch for you, watch for you!
What ROM are you running. I'm on slimrom right now.
Wait what? The app is not compatible with my device anymore? Running GS3 Android 4.4.
But chancey was at every Pokemon center!
Orenchi, ramen dojo, maruichi in mountain view,  Santa ramen. Follow zeroforksgiven on Instagram for ramen reviews in the bay area.
How does this affect Parent Plus loans?
This made me so confused and sad when I saw the ending.
Yeah, having pets in general is hard when you are renting. :( Lease will be up soon and I'll have to start searching again.
Awww I'm sorry to hear that!
Also cost of amenities they may have if you live on a local apartment complex related to dogs.
Yeah PLUS pet deposit :(
I heard Mos was doing some acting and is the reason for the hold up. They want to be able to promote it together.
Just came to say you are one of my favorite MC's. Also I miss the huge afro you rocked back in the day you looked like a major bad ass.
My sanity can be restored!
JPG that acts like a GIF? Since when?!
Who hates on the cable guy?
I am trying this this weekend. I have the same peppermint bottle as you do :P
I've been looking for sun noodles. Where did you get them?
Sadly no, I meant to say that they were able to score Shinsengumi on the Socal list. I'm surprised they weren't able to get a big name like Orenchi to participate. I guess Orenchi is already packed as it is, having a discount would be pointless for them.
Same feeling. 
I hear for places with the lamp heaters that after 10 minutes they are supposed to trash them.

Source: My friend used to work at BK while in HS.
Right? You are just dehydrated from all the liquor and pissing you did the whole night before.
Yeah I happen to miss it every year, but they always get Orenchi down there every time from what I've seen on the flyers.
Santa Clara is right around the corner from San Jose. Haven't been to the places listed so let me know how it is if you go.
Some NorCal and Vegas Locations too. Surprised at the lack of big names for NorCal since they were able to get shinsengumi.
EE power!
Need a bro hug. Didn't make the cuts :(
The results are in!
Awww shit I failed :(
Holy shit. Congratulations!!!!!! I took the test too for electrical and it's eating me up to know the results. :(
Congratulations! Where did you get your notification at!!!!!
Reminds me of Taiwanese shaved ice!

http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/9ppUQ3iMbHbB1t4GbM3oJQ/l.jpg
hooooooooooolyyyyyyyyy shittttttttt
It would be difficult to trilogy a series that hasn't ended. Also I guess each book could be a movie split in half.
Hitting the A gives you upvotes!
Just saying HI.

Also letting you know that your music really helped when I was overseas and away from my loved ones.
You are a pioneer. I feel like anything before 2010 is unusable and difficult to navigate.
NSWF BROOOO
The general test was such a pain. It was so general that there were tons of topics not covered in my curriculum.

I had to jerry rig my equations to make the units match the answer!
The FE is done with computers now from what I saw online for my state. The PE is still done with scantrons.
I just took the Professional engineering exam and the questions were just like this. :(
Here you go!
http://goo.im/devs/aospa_legacy
PA 4.4.2 works pretty good IMO! D2LTE
There were original talks when you and Jay officially squashed your beef that you guys were going to do an album together. It seemed like the songs that you guys did (Black Republicans, Success) just ended up on each other's various projects. 

Was this true? Or were the various songs a just moments that you have collaborated and just ended up on whom ever's project session was happening at the time?
I have tiny hands, and I have to reach my thumb over usually leaving the rest of my fingers barely touching the bottom of the CPP.
Kweli has stated in an interview that Hey Mama was Pre CD days and that Kanye always had it planned to be on his second album.

I remember hearing on MTV when LR dropped that Hey Mama was a favorite in the studio around the CD era.
"Recognizing that with an increasing number of industrial, institutional, and other campus-style distribution systems, the service point is at an owner maintained substation and the conductors extending from that substations to the campus facilities are feeders (see definition in Article 100), there has been an increased focus on including rules in the NEC to cover these distributions systems." - NEC 2008 Handbook.

HAPPY PI DAY
Skii Free
Peanut Butter will get the creamy and nutty taste. I typically use sriracha and peanut butter.
Spoiler allllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeert
XL and never look back. 

Had the original and ended up upgrading within a year.
How do you know that they are available in your area?

EDIT: nvm I found the link: http://www.webpass.net/questions/show/1/17
Can we get more Shazaam?
OKAY!
I'm in the same boat as you OP, except I'm a little over a year and a half away. So I'm glad you made this post! 

Best of luck!
Looks like he sold the domain already.
https://twitter.com/dafrenchy/status/436286745253257216
Congrats, but I gotta ask about that before hairstyle!
You get older and they stay the same age, eh?
I thought there was something wrong with my eyes for a moment.
http://www.redditcakeday.com/index.php?username=Nerochi

January 29th is your cake day! Happy belated Cake day!
There are programs that help recover data on erased SD cards and USB sticks. Not sure if it works with cards being rewritten with NEW data though.
Monster Hunter is one of those games that you can pour hours into it. I had MH3U sitting on my SD card for a while and just started replaying it. Easily in headed to the 100+ hours in the short run. So the dollar per hour will be worth it.

Also, I find it very hard to play without the CPP. YMMV, but definitely worth the purchase.
The game gear was also the consumer of batteries. I couldn't keep that thing charged at a doctors visit.
Nick Cannon is full of jelly.
Romance Daaaaaaaaaaaaawn
How would you envision the hangout going?
No problem. What did you do to fix it?
Since you have it enabled in the game, I would try closing and reopening the game. Upon opening the game it should prompt you to confirm connection to CPP. Press the R trigger button on the CPP and it should be enabled. 

Are you not getting that initial step to enable it?

My CPP was plug and play for me.

Maybe try calibrating the Circle Pad Pro under game settings also. LMK if that doesn't work. MH3U is awesome and just started getting into it, so I want others to enjoy the game as well.

I was in the same boat. Has to hire until I got a white hero. Things are easier now with relay street pass now. That's probably your best bet for finding a white shirt.
I liked your page! PM for you!
No question here. Just a bunch of thanks for your incredible work.
The Pack came to my school and had sorority girls twerk in their underwear, while others were used to roll blunts on their backs. This was all done in a Fraternity house too.

Pics and videos were leaked all over campus and made the news too.

Thank you Based God.
It tracks streetpasses via Pokemiles that can be exchanged for items in game.

Should have been streetpass battles like with LOZLBW.
Most people that contact me are head hunters, but my current job was a direct hire from the HR department while I was working at my last firm.
I saw one very similar at h&m at a store the other day.
Recently upgraded.

People say that it fits well in the pants pocket, but I think it's uncomfortable and looks awkward as hell to have it in my front pocket.

I have to put my XL in a jacket pocket or in my bag when I travel around town.

Do I love the bigger screen though? HELL YEAH!
I was on the phone for an hour saying No, I want to cancel and I'm not interested in any new offer to every question they had.

They're real sly with their deals, they say they are going to take you off the list and that their is another deal to sign you up for. If you aren't careful, you could get signed up for new deals.
I was accidentally signed up for shoppers advantage last year and it was a huge hassle to get out of it.
This was the fix that got things working for me. I'm surpassed that this wasn't any where else on the internet. Thanks you really helped!
She already completed the puzzle panels.
Her system is up to date, I compared it with mine and tried to do a force update on her system. The same goes with street plaza.

I'll double check to make sure.
I should have added more to the OP. She completed all the original panels.
Do you mean by going on the internet browser on the 3DS? I already set up the system with our internet and she has been able to get on games to play animal crossing online and download from the eshop, unless I am missing something.
My target had 2 left nabbed one. Someone behind me took the other. Most people were after some apple products at my store.
87
I just started watching the netflix series this past week and I am really enjoying it so far. I did not know it was based on your memoir, so I'm definitely going to check it out.
How many people have graced the 1 million mark?
I'd like one crack rock please!
Oh look a limited edition Zelda model in gold
They announced that it was officially batkid day :)
They announced that he is in remission after having his last chemotherapy session!!!
They announced at the ceremony that miles finished his chemotherapy and is in remission!
Wait what? Five transfer limit?! I never knew this :(
"Remind him about missing Bill Nye"
"Meow, Meow, Meeeeeeow, hisss" 1987
Like /u/SirDigbyChknCaesar said, it's probably centered vertically.
I think someone shat on the coats....
Does this qualify for the Oracle of Seasons download code?
My gf refuses to eat any rice brand other than nishiki. Not really relavent... She's also Japanese American
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3ZoHhvQgjU
How is it crowd surfing in a giant ball?
Does anyone know what happens to the save file for digital games?
I'm thinking Rick did it. I thought him taking on the gun was a sign of him not being a standby-er anymore.
Me too. I find it all the time in all my favorite asian grocery stores.
No screaming here, but still one of my favorite lines.

Who is your Daddy and what does he do?
The idea to keeping the walkers on the fence was to use it as a natural defense against outside humans. With walkers without jaws to keep the zombies away, it would lose the natural deterrent. 
The portability has definitely gotten the edge for me. I can fit my 3ds in my pocket and take it everywhere. I can't even imagine taking the 2ds anywhere.
For a first go, it didn't turn out bad. I thought it was tasty. 

It definitely took a lot of time from start to plating, about 13 hours total (if I don't count the 24 hour marinade). I froze a ton of my leftover soup base. So I may have another go at it soon :)
More or less, but it doesn't teach you how to make the Tare, which was the essential piece to add depth to the flavor.

I also used my own recipe to make the char sui :)
Pig Trotters and Chicken Bone heated for 8 hours on low to medium heat. Threw in carmelized onions, garlic, ginger while it was cooking. Strained it.

When I prepped my ramen broth, I threw in my stock along with my shoyu-tare that I prepped and topped it with mayu that I made.
During the week the only time I have to play games are during my 1 hour train commute and during lunch. 

I love that I can have all my games, lengthy or short, in my pocket and be able to play them whenever I want. Extremely helpful when I'm out and doing errands and need to kill some time.
It's like I'm skyrim. Animals count as witnesses that will raise your bounty. I remember seeing a video of someone having to kill a chicken to get rid of his bounty because the chicken was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
W^^hat ^^^^the ^^^^^heck ^^^^^^is ^^^^^^^this?
There are 100,912 people in front of you. Noo^oo^^oo^^oo^^oo^^o
I switched to PA about a week ago and so far it has been semi-satisfactory so far. Any big difference between RC1 vs RC2?
This was awesome! I cut back on the soy sauce and added a dash of sesame oil. A butt load of pepper flakes and I had a banging dinner!
The mission
You were able to get your debt under 90k in 3 years? Congrats. You give hope for people like me.
1. Mushroom and Sausage
2. Paxi's
3. Stuffed all the way!
I had this problem too. As the code suggests and what I understand you are having a get prop error which is the safety to ensure that you are flashing the correct phone with the correct ROM. You will need to go and find the file with the getprop code and remove it manually. Make sure you are flashing the correct rom. After I removed it on my S3 I was able to flash to current ROM. Also make sure you have the current version of TWERP/CWO and GAPPS. Hope this helps.
As someone who was scraping by while living in Japan, I was the dude that was always waiting for the workers to come by with their red stickers to indicate 50% off at the end of the day.
How is it like working for Nintendo?
You, I like you.
But then I'd be stuck in a circle of vengence D;
I'm in the same boat with my Federal Student loans. I've called many times and asked to have any excess amount to be applied to the Principal and they continue to say that it can only be applied to future payments. Am I getting jerked around?
Thanks I think that helped. My battery is running much cooler now.
D2ATT here, I'm getting major battery drain. Dropping 100% to 20% in less than 4 hours on Standby.
At least your body is ready
I thought the same thing!
CAN I GET "YEAH SCIENCE!"  ?!?!?!?!
Awesome! I have a new desktop background at work :)
Well in their defense, during rush hour traffic the trains get over packed to the point that you are smushed against people in all sorts of conditions.

I'm sure women in general wouldn't want to be in a situation where they're smushed with opposite sex in a tin can.
How close do you have to be at let's say a starbucks or a mcdonalds? I pass by them plenty of times on my commute (walk) to work in a major city. 

Is walking outside the building enough or do I need to be inside? I figured since it was a glass building the wifi would be able to penetrate without any losses in signal. *shoulder shrugs*
http://www.actransit.org/2013/07/31/in-the-event-of-a-bart-disruption/

It looks like they are not striking during the BART strike.
ITT people celebrating their cake day
That's probably AC transit. I took the same thing during the last strike. I heard that AC transit may go on strike as well? Can anyone confirm this?
You need a credit card enabled debit card to make purchases in the E-Shop.

US resident here. You are absolutely right regarding only needing to put in the exact amount for game purchases. Never have to worry about stray balances :)
I commute to a major city. I usually get 1-2 street passes per day. I bought the new games and I'm surprised that every person I've street passed since then has had bough the new street pass games. YMMV since you do live in a not so streetpassy area, but I thought I'd share that people are buying it.
Where's the trans bay terminal?
It's like looking in the  mirror. You sir are me.... :( I feel you. I will look for advice in this thread. Best of luck.
Thanks this was one of my biggest fears. 
What are the cons for moving the 401k over to my new company?

Thanks, I'll look into Vanguard to see what sort of options they have. It's good to have choices.
By calling Fidelity and rolling it into their IRA will the amount invested be added to my annual earnings that I will have to pay taxes for during tax season?
Thanks I've been thinking of getting this for the past six months and I finally made the jump.
Went with the Soundtrack. Seems like the only thing that I would use at Platinum minus the calendar.
Smells like 4chan's doing...
I keep getting a status 7 when I flash... :(
This! This is the mentality that you should have. 2 years ago I was in the same boat. Sure I didn't have a job, but applying for jobs was my job. Sure I did not have a job for six months.... but when you apply for 10-20 jobs a day and explore your contacts there isn't much to be ashamed of 'cause you're being more productive than your peers.
I had a professor that would teach this way. Basically if you did well on the final, you passed. It's about mastery of the material rather than a history of progress that determines your grade.
One step closer to unlocking the eternal sharingan.
"What do you mean it doesn't fit?!"

"There's a sprinkler pipe installed there already."

["Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!"](http://nooooooooooooooo.com/)
That's why they say electrical is the nervous system of the building :) You are dead without us lol
The pipes are so tiny and my conduit zone is so huge!
I called around game stop and they only carry pre-orders. Some stores say they may get it "late". It's just a constant hunt for a while. I'm in the same boat, my GF didn't want the pre-order and changed her mind after she saw me playing the game. -_______________-
At least it wasn't Kidz Bop - Ni**as in Paris.
Galaxy S3 user here, so far the app seems to be use able for me. I don't always have the computer with me, so I'm glad to have a mobile app to water my plants on my long commutes. 

I do wish that on the mobile app that there was an option to type in Japanese and not make everything a multiple choice test. I know we can spell the kana out with blocks but it's just not the same. 
I only need one:

Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Memrise is on google play now!
There is always a comment saying there is always a relevant XKCD!
It does pretty much everything and is free and light weight. I use it on all my phones. This pretty much made my Galaxy S1 a rejuvenated phone.
I really like your Edward :)
Decided to look myself up...I missed my cake day by 7 days!!!!!!

http://nooooooooooooooo.com/

EDIT: Holy shit! Thanks for the Gold man. This is how I'm feeling right now.
http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y175/beautybecks/csi/CSI%20NY/06x17/08.jpg
3 years ago the iPhone wasn't even available in Japan. That was when iOS was the leader of the market and Android was still split between tablet and phone OS. People were constantly asking me to ship them an iPhone that they can use/sell on the market for $$$.

No surprise that it's still the leader over there compared to what I saw 3 years ago.
I got mine also! Single Red. Backed 4/18 Arrival today :)
Aloe Vera has helped me also with itchiness...
+Design Engineer

+Yes, I do both

+Yes, started off in AutoCAD. Electrical systems, fire alarm, lighting.

+Revit for 3D production.

+Hand drafting is the thing of the past, it takes too much time, unless you are trying to do quick 
sketches/explanations. Computer Automated Drafting is the standard now it seems.


Edit: Formatting.
None for the S3?
Yeah, I still use both my books for continual review every once in a while. Glad that you liked what you saw! Also check out the workbooks online too.
When I was prepping for my internship in Japan. I had 6 months to study and my teacher used Nakama 1 and Nakama 2 to facilitate learning.

I think the book is fairly old so you can get it for cheap. I'll come back with more info tomorrow if you'd like.
Alcohol. My Father gave me a taste of his beer as a kid and I gave the biggest stank face.

Now adult me is looking back at child me and just shake my head in disappointment.
That is awesome, do you mind posting the whole list and not the sample? 
Not enough time travel in the nude...
I was about to download and decided to check what the changelog had to say. Needless to say, glad it was the top post.
I'm from SF and I haven't seen anyone wearing glass! =(
When I read the post, I was thinking..."This has to be in SF!"
This is awesome! I made a copy into my Google Docs. Thanks for putting this together!
Your link leads nowhere...
What are the challenges to improving music to an act that is also being improved?
Looks great. I'll check it out!
I was wondering the same thing!
THIS IS SPARTA!!!!!!!!!!
When I did the night climb, it was during Obon and was it **CROWDED**. There was a line all the way to the top of the mountain! 
You may want to buy little oxygen tanks as well. I went to Don Quijote (DONKI) in Shibuya (http://www.donki.com/search/shop_detail_en.php?st_store_id=21) to buy them and they helped my altitude sickness. We climbed the mountain kind of fast, so I wasn't adjusting to the elevation changes that well. I did the night climb, but I'm sure you will be fine doing it in the day.

There are food stations if you do not bring any, but it's pretty pricey.

I cannot stress warm clothes and layers. You don't know how windy it may get on the mountain and you don't want to be stuck in a bind without warm clothes.

Side note: Also surprisingly, I had cell service all the way to the top. So if you do get in a bind, you can make calls.
I remember having to say "I'm sorry for leaving before you" every time I left work in Japan.
Good Call, I haven't updated a nightly in over a month. Glad I chose to do it on the 26th or I would have been screwed.
:( We just wanted to be friends!
I used the conditioner once or twice in a 3 week span and I feel like my hair is starting over with the detoxing. YMMV though....
Which subreddit are we using? It's confusing having two.
We just gave this guy a huge phone bill.
At first I couldn't tell if you were joking or not lol
I agree it is a personal preference. I originally was against digitally downloading games when I first heard the shift to digital games (game files can get big [at least for big console systems]), but have quickly changed my opinion once I bought my 3DS.

I'm really paying for the convenience of it all. 90% of the time, I just have it background download while I'm doing other things (work around the house, watching tv, or sleeping). No need to travel to the store. No need to carry around all my games. No worry about losing my games.

If there are any problems, I can always call Nintendo to clear things up.
Thanks for posting this, I was close to overdrafting -_-;;
Easy as transferring regular data. 
I want to upvote this to oblivion! To infinity...and BEYOND!
Naruto is a type of kamaboko, but it distinctly has a swirl.
Invite please!
He just shat a crab?!...land animals poop in water...water animals poop on land...the circle of life is complete.
How I feel your pain sometimes lol
He's saying merry Christmas for those wondering.
TIL Tom Hanks grew up in Oakland.
Yeah, I'm surprised OP got the shot that he got. I could never get to close to the window every time I visited.
I wonder how many SWC's he's doing.
Proof will be him/her swimming in their monies Scrooge McDuck Style.
I think part of the reason why natural gas is getting such a big push is that the cost per volume is fairly cheap right now. Sorry I forgot the number. 

One thing to note is that if we harvest natural gas  from places like landfills the gas has to be filtered which can get costly because of the unknown variable of what material is thrown in there. 
You've officially made me realize I need to repickup my power systems book. -_____-
That's a pretty clean keyboard. What are you using?
I know it's not marvel...but...who do you think would win a fight? Goku or Superman?
Is the things junk made out of rock?
When is Soul Position coming to Oakland?!
A knight riding a chess horse
Can you draw something that explains why a Panda is so Sad?
I thought pootastic was the feeling that describes what happens when your wife cheats.
A helmet that is bred out of hatred...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDYRQ6lontE
WHO DOWN VOTED THIS THREAD?! I SMELL BETA...
http://image1.masterfile.com/em_w/01/36/18/640-01361839w.jpg
Here's a link to one of my classmates that was a victim that night. She was hit a couple times in the arm and once in the head. She's still alive and here is the awesome story behind it!

Original Story: http://wp.me/p1il2R-17f

Follow Up: http://bstrait.wordpress.com/2012/07/22/a-miracle-inside-the-the-aurora-shooting-one-victims-story/

And the site to help pay for their medical bills: http://www.indiegogo.com/readytobelieve

HOLY SHIT I WANT! GIMME! *REACHES OUT HANDS*
Welcome the 4th member!