They know as much as you know she's wilfully lying, but they're actually good enough to get *paid* for their analyses and make a reputable business out of it.
I actually find the drivers are quite good. For all that could be improved, the service gets me where I need to go and usually when. If I'm late it's usually my fault underestimating how fast it can get me somewhere and assuming all buses will be on time, which we know is fantasy.
The report even says as much:
>"There is little doubt that Thompson genuinely believes that Paikin made a sexual advance and/or sexually propositioned her at the 2010 Grano lunch."
I have and I must say I'm satisfied with the conclusion. Given what the investigator had to work with I think she did an excellent job explaining the reasoning and methodology used to arrive at her conclusion.
When my sister was 10 years old she babysat me as a 1 year old for an hour every day after school for the hour that my dad had to go to work and my mom had until finish. Nothing ever went wrong. 

Today they'd probably both be in jail, we'd be in CPS or both.
They know who the pushovers are.
Those where the days...when you could get a seat after 8 in the morning regularly.
There are no route stops between Tunney's  and Baseline. how much further should we go? Nothing between Rideau  Centre and  Fallowfield? I'd love it if Baseline got dropped.  I guess the money question is where does "downtown" start and end?
I'm with you on that. Sometimes people crowd the door to get on before it even opens and I have to use both shoulders at the same time. WTF are these people thinking?
It wasn't until they eliminated the premium fares for them. 
The 27*x*.
The pug-nosed Jesus will rise again! Or so I'm told.
It's a familiar refrain for sure; and not just in Toronto. Is it the police that are supposed to raise children into men? Nope. I made some bad choices in my life early despite having a good upbringing - so I get that parents can only do so much. But the same is true for police. 

I turned out okay, but only because I made a conscious decision *myself* that I needed to cut the bullshit. I'm not saying things can't be done to help the community; but the lion's share of responsibility is on the individual.

>"These are Canadian-born kids who went to kindergarten here, drank soup from Tim Hortons and took the TTC to get around."

Makes one wonder why there seems to be a disproportionate representation by young Somalian men doesn't it? Well not me. What you have is bunch of like-minded individuals intermingling and making like-minded bad decisions. Getting mixed up with drugs, gangs, etc. I'm sure there is a smattering of innocent victims here but I'd be surprised if it was more than that.

The fact that they're Somalian is just something in common people like to latch onto because it's easy. It is not the problem and it doesn't answer "why."

He should be permanently barred entry on top of deportation for the shit he pulled. 
Lie with dogs, get fleas, etc. Bad choices usually have consequences. 
Lol. Good catch. Dammit. 
I made a “saying” about leafs fans after many years of season tickets and putting up with/seeing their sad bullshit: “welcome to leafs nation; if the second-hand smoke doesn’t give you cancer, the fans will.”

Demons are better when they come back. Really, this couldn’t happen to a more deserving group. 
I'll be honest I don't get a lot of the nuances of this game like other people do. I had no idea killing with a throwing knife was leaving XP on the table. I guess that's why I'm only level 27. 

To the internet! Unfortunately it will not take the squeak out. 
I stand corrected. Still, respect. 
Unfortunately I suck with throwing knives on XO. But if you aren’t all the power to you; you get murder. 
Looks nice. Reminds me of Glasklart. I loved that skin enough to make icons and mod bundles to make it work. 
Keep up the good work EA. 

Eventually spending on localization in this regard (allowed/not allowed) will exceed the cost of not doing it. 

I like where this is going. 
Without a doubt. 
Sometimes I wonder who the people were  that first decided  thing like this looked good to eat.
And yet we have pieces of shit like this guy that weren’t. The lord works in mysterious ways...
I don’t like my options, but at this point I dislike the OLP even more. PC is going to take my riding like has done the last six Ontario elections, roundly. 
I’m sure this will make China pause and reconsider. Oh sure it will. 
It's certainly being run by a POS.
You've got that right. These people are demonstrably too self-centered to form the relationships they desire. Top that off with the idea that everyone else but them is the problem and you have a bad combination.
Seriously, there are people that believe the world owes them a lay? Sorry, **it doesn't** and **neither does anyone in it.** Goddamn narcissists.
I think the UNHCR needs to convene and really clarify this. It seems lily-livered governments like ours will not take a stand. What we've got now is thousands taking advantage of a grey area and it's bullshit. It impedes the process for legitimate refugees and expends resources of the host country needlessly. This current situation is not in the spirit of the 1951 convention at all in my estimation. And we don't even have it as bad as Italy. 

EDIT: beer typos. 
I agree. What they're doing at this point is shopping. Our criteria are even stricter than the USA's in some regards. They're just pressing their luck. 
Not a bad idea at all. I hear Saskatchewan has lots of free space too. 
I'm willing to accept this as being sued for giving Ontario Doug Ford. Somebody needs to pay for that.

They dragged him through the mud though, I think he's got a good case.
That controller is OP & p2w! 🙄
 
Seriously though, looking good so far. Nice job, be sure to show us the end result.
You missed the joke in me pretending to also not know what year I'm in (like her sense of morality,) but I did misdirect with the previous /s so it's understandable. 

I agree however, with the exception that I'm fine ridiculing them for it as well. 
LOL. Apropos.
Yeah me neither.
I'm curious how hard the book is going to be thrown at the lynchers, especially if this man is innocent.
I dunno, but I think it has something to do with making baby Jesus cry or something. If that's not a good enough reason, get thee behind me Satan! 
/s

How are people in 2017 in this country really this stupid?
LOL. Sure the gays are the problem with Canadian society. Not stupid fiscal policies, cronyism and malfeasance by government.

What an idiot.
When you get older you'll want to keep less and less useless shit like this around. 
It’s sad but true. He gambled coming here and lost. Instead of a free trip back home, he gambled on hiding illegally and lost again. Given what we know his ultimate fate was, would he have been better off deported to Sri Lanka? Probably. 

It’s horrible what happened to him, but the immigration system isn’t what did this to him. That sub-human filth is who did this to him. 
It’s going to keep going because it seems this government is interested in doing nothing tangible about it aside from dispersion of hosting amongst provinces. 
Fuck right off CBC and “migrant workers groups.” Don’t politicize this poor man’s death.
“Do you identify as a visible minority or ethnic group” IIRC. Always check "Yes," they can’t dispute it and they’re not going to ask you about it. 
I love how they even cut out the plastic case they used to come in. You don't pay enough for that anymore.
Can we fast-track them out? Nope. What’s the backlog at now?
Yes. That's exactly what I'd say. Verbatim. I'd throw some racism in there too. Maybe even yell at a cloud.
TBH I'm not sure there is; what's more important is experience and networking from my experience. I've been in a STEM industry for 17 years and I have no post-secondary education. It pisses my sister off to no end because I make at least double what she does and she did.

Here's something I'd try if you haven't already: offer a free trial period if you can afford to for  a say a month; it shows you're confident in your abilities and gives them nothing to lose. It has worked for some people I know.
I stopped using ISP email services years ago mainly because I switch providers from time to time. This is another great reason.
I use Celsius everywhere. Even on the stove.
Nothing some well crafted legislation can't fix.
Them and anyone else who wants to be so draconian I say.
On the bright side, now you can get new ones.

"70 cruise missles have been added to your cart."

(Checkout)
(Save for Later)

Sure, let's load up on people who require perpetual medical care and let the overburdened provinces deal with the rest.

Idiots.
I remember one of my ex gfs being so amazed how fast I scraped her front, back and side windows whistling clean. At least she got something out of the relationship.
What's an "Eaton?" Seriously though those land yachts are impressive.
Even the tree in my front yard has had enough of winter. Part of it is sitting on top of my garage and on my neighbour's car until I lifted it and he backed out. Fuck this weather.
I've heard fare inspectors ask people with monthly passes to tap after they check out on multiple occasions so yeah, it's of interest.
I can quite literally think of a single Canadian artist I'd pay for music. The rest aren't worth an electronics levy IMO; and I've paid way more into media levies than I have used. So go to hell.
Content is important, so is timing. I disagree with her on both. 

But she shouldn't be getting threats. Called out, sure. AFAIC she's part of the very problem she's complaining about. If you don't want ____ to be a persistent issue *stop making it one* and focus on what's actually important.
If it’s based on fact, a matter of public interest, recognizable as a comment, free of malice and reasonable then you can still be sued for libel but you have a very high chance of winning. 
...in a surprise to nobody but the LPC.

The Chinese government has a forked tongue. We're better off not signing a free trade deal with them. I don't care how much money is on the table.
Investigate - fine. I'd prefer Canada did an investigation independently. I don't trust anybody else to say what really happened anymore.

But keep our military the fuck out of this quagmire.
If the US hadn't meddled in the first place maybe none of this would be happening. Syria used to be a place where people lived and had fairly decent quality of life compared to the rest of the immediate region.

So what's the fix? More meddling, obviously! It worked for Iraq and Libya. Vacuums are good! They clean carpets!
And that's why a lot of them are going to lose their seats.
Canada "we will also accept hocus-pocus and other bullshit."
I see it like  the right to peaceful protest. You can do it - just not *anywhere* you want. There are limits to that and they do not violate the right. I personally believe uniform dress to be a reasonable limit to religious freedom.
Some people might say your comparisons are absurd; I'm certainly not one of them. Agreed completely.
I have no reason to believe it's not. I just wish I could find some in eastern Ontario. I'd support an industry if had access to it.
I’d like to try some seal meat.
Nope but we’re the ones getting fucked in the end when they start dictating terms. I’d love to see China put some of its state companies up for sale to international buyers. Not a chance.  It’s always a one-way street for China.
Hook, line & sinker.
Sure, let's whore ourselves out for a few more bucks.
Yeah I agree with that too. In the end none of us are CEO or GM so we’ll just have to wait and see if they can pull it off. I’m willing to eat crow for success.
I love my tower too. It has aged well. I’m interested in the upcoming pro update but this whole “centred around workflows” talk and past missteps don’t give me a lot of faith we’ll get something this good out of them ever again. 
Me neither. I would have aced this in 10th grade too. And I was a pot-smoking, class cutting slacker then. 
If it was going to happen there would need to be way more responsible budgeting the likes of which the province hasn’t seen in decades. 
For the longest time the CRTC has been stacked with former industry employees and took an "industry first" approach rather than "consumer first" approach. We've started to see that shift in the last couple of years but there's still a long way to go IMO.
I can at least agree that more people doesn't necessarily mean better. But a skeleton crew isn't better either.
Hockey ops is the foundation to a successful team. If you "cut that to the bone" what you have are people splitting time between duties, and/or getting overworked. Finding "the right people" is great - but eventually they're going to either leave or just stick around for the paycheck like any other job where the pride is gone.

I have a co-worker whose son is currently playing in the ECHL and has been called up to the NHL a few times. He says the org does not have a great reputation around the league and he was born and raised in Kanata. I find it hard *not* to believe.
Good thing it was those were his escalators and not someone else’s. 
If Dorion said that about hockey ops I completely disagree.
I remember doing Costlemark fairly easily...I exit the dungeon and just before I save the game crashes; and no autosave. Second time around was such a pain in the ass I shut the damn thing off halfway through and haven't played it since. And my load out and levels were identical. So yeah Costlemark sucks IMO :)
I had to forget re-pair a few of my BT audio devices. They would say "connected" but audio would never start, the battery indicator wouldn't show and they weren't selectable as output until I did.  First time that happened. 
I heard that somebody complained that the bus signs were yelling the route names.
You have to be put on respirators to keep you alive until your body clears the toxins out naturally. That's the only fix.
I went in with the assumption that everything offered didn’t go over cap space, I'm not an actual GM. 
Correct. But if it’s offered it’s totally discretionary whether one wants to accept it as ID or not. Most will not as a matter of policy. Your mileage may vary, but I lost my wallet last year or so, and the only thing I could use my OHIP card for was the process to get a new licence (didn't need any medical treatment at the time.) Even then I had to wait for a birth certificate, because in Ontario it doesn't count as a piece of ID with a photo and a signature despite it *clearly* having both. It is in [list #2.](https://www.ontario.ca/page/acceptable-identity-documents)
Too bad the Privacy Commissioner has no teeth to do anything about it.
What a rube.
I didn’t know this was a thing either. 
...whose show is over as of tomorrow, but I agree this was probably the closest thing. This Hour has 22 Mins or the Beaverton are probably the closest ones left now. 
Depends on which province you’re in. Tenancy is a provincial jurisdiction. In Ontario those terms are unenforceable. 

However no matter where you are your landlord or superintendent might hold a grudge against you for it. Not an ideal situation.
Yes I’m aware of that, I thought I was clear about the “future” part but maybe not. It’s an important piece of info so thanks for clarifying. 
Pretty sure it’s tempered safety glass like they’ve been using in side windows for decades now, so there’s that too. Still pretty sure it wasn’t pleasant. Definitely sure it was a dumb move. 
I’d say the reservations preclude any menu changes. MISSION FAILED. 
Nope. How do I know? The flavours tell me so. 
In addition to calling which should get you the help you need, register [here](https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/e-services/e-services-individuals/account-individuals.html) for a CRA account. You’ll be able to file online as well as access future T4 info there.  Option 2. 

Edit: expired link
I've noticed the tracking changed also - before I used to be able to plug international postal carriers into CP and track them there once they hit Canada. Now if they're not from the US, forget it. Has this been your experience as well?
I stand corrected, and I'd really love to see other countries decide to do the same for Canada Post - you know, because low priority - "work" costs money. 
China pays terminal dues just like every other member of Universal Postal Union, so I don't believe that excuse.

They're slow because they're ill equipped and ill staffed for the bite they're trying to chew. 
It’s bullshit. If they’re going to scan everything, they need to improve capacity. It’s just getting worse. I still have an order that arrived in Canada 19th of February. It’s been a *domestic* black hole for 59 days.
I wonder how many more times this girl is going to be viewed as “Treaty Indian” before her actual name in her lifetime. Probably a lot I’m guessing. 

In any case I doubt the mail system was too concerned about her feelings. The fact that she’s a 15 year old girl is irrelevant. Unfortunate mistakes happen all of the time.
Sneaky. I might have to do that.
How much did the frame cost? I got it and the Bill of Rights and I'll be damned if I can find frames that fit the pair of them them for less than $100.
Too bad god doesn't pay the bills to keep the lights on or fight that whole second law of thermodynamics thing he decided through maintenance.
This is pretty much par for the course on the titles of these stories, sadly.
It sucks, but that's what conditional purchases are for. If you *need* conditions, make sure you have them. This is totally on the buyers. 
So simple it'll never happen.
Nah, we shouldn't. 
Maybe I'll buy it after that. Regardless of whether the press was deserved or not that's what kept me away. If I'm paying full price for a game I'm not going to put up with shit like mechanics designed around MTX.
Too late.
Pretty sure that distinction is going to go to Bruce McArthur sooner or later. 
heritage status + government contract. 
I'd rather mansplain and manspread. You know, those things we're good at apparently. 
Should they have had a family brushing their door frames with lamb blood instead?
Because many years ago we signed on to a [UN Convention](http://www.ohchr.org/EN/ProfessionalInterest/Pages/StatusOfRefugees.aspx) that had the best of intentions when it wrote Articles 7,8 & 25-34 for actual refugees - which is now currently being abused by economic migrants - that nobody has the will to update or back out of.


PSA: I had to look up "schwartzes" myself and apparently according to modern interpretation it is a Yiddish synonym for a word that starts with "n" used in some of your favourite rap songs. 
How nice of us. Did we agree, or did the UN decide for us?
I'd posit that people that can't or be assed to track down which addon is doing this to their phones probably shouldn't be jailbreaking in the first place. Oh to dream.
So the escalator tax begins.
It's appalling.
Whoa whoa...*sparkling milk beverage*? I can't see how this ends well. 
Troubled youth? How trite. Fuck off. It should be him in the ground, not his victim. He deserves the "stability" of incarceration for the rest of his life. Maybe there he won't act like an animal. 
Absolutely not. Schengen was the catalyst for BREXIT and a "Yes" vote for it. If we can't learn from our own mistakes we should try to learn from other people's. 
I'm not sure there's really any precedent for any of that. It could be argued fairly easily IMO that the Bernardo case was unique - which you would unless you wanted the province to get into the business of this type of thing. 

I can understand why friends and family are for it but I'd be willing to bet money they will neither pay for demolition nor a new structure to be built in its place.
That's probably because the provinces either have it already or have their own ideas. The ones that don't don't want it all. 
Nah I only pay $32CAD. It's my choice. I'm actually switching to plans so I'll have unlimited soon. It's not like I ever go over 400gb anyway, but my speed will go up substantially too. It'll be an extra $15 a month.
My cap is 400GB a month. Nice to meet you. 
...that cuts download of installation files by up to 50GB.
That's absolutely crazy.
Evidently not all of them, but this one sure is.
Would have also accepted "RTFA" but props to you for taking the the high road, thanks for the explanation. 
Stalling? Didn't they outright shit on it after further "research?"
I'm thinking it's going to be likelydoug.com. 
They get to double-dip 😁
The more poignant detail is that they still have their jobs. The colossal level of their fuckup cannot be understated. They have literally ruined people's lives and cost their employer over a billion dollars.
At the municipal level now we get this nonsense?
I can't say this happens to me, they leave my Amazon orders on my porch if it doesn't fit in the community mailbox. 
If token appointments were avoided *altogether* it would be great. 
Plans? We don't need plans. We need platitudes!
It's entirely possible; the carrier said something to the effect of it being delivered to the "postal operator of the destination country" which probably does include customs. But again I can't track it. 

I've heard they ramped up scanning for fentanyl from China but Jesus, how long does it take to ramp up capacity? This has been going on for a while. Having a backlog of more than 7-10 days on average is totally unacceptable. 

So yeah maybe Canada Post doesn't deserve all of the salt. 
It used to be great. It really went to shit in the last two years. I can't even track international packages once they hit Canada more often than not, and it was rarely a problem once upon a time. My latest package arrived in Canada on February 19th from Hong Kong; I'm still waiting for it and I'll be damned if I can see where it is or what the hold up is. Meanwhile package from UK ordered a week ago and already delivered.
Precisely. Assholes. 
There is absolutely nothing to apologize for here. It's a valid question.

Personally I give zero fucks about something as nebulous as "traditional knowledge" and will pick science every single time. 
I am neither here nor there for Celina or her bullshit. 
Yeah it was definitely an issue. I remember being taught the warning signs on products in early elementary school for this reason. I think it was very effective, my parents didn't have to lock anything up and stuff like this just never happened in my house. 
This is something I could maybe see a 3 or 4 year old doing, 7 seems a bit too old. Or maybe I'm the one a bit too old. 
Truly amazing. Can you imagine? Any wrong twitch on that net - the end. What a masterpiece. Seriously fuck the "no pictures" this is a piece worthy of global and timeless adulation. 
My apologies. I think we were on the same wavelength. I misunderstood. And if we weren't, still cool. Thanks for your response. I is dummy.  I rescind my previous response. 
Let "God" strike them down - with copyright law!
Cool. I look forward to great things. 
WTF is this shit?
Sure it was war. And it got ended didn't it?
Good. If I lived in Toronto, I would patronize this establishment. Somebody go have some good eats for me.
CDIC is supposed to insure up to $100,000 each for saving and mortgage. After $100,000 you're hosed. There are actually [7 categories](http://www.cdic.ca/en/about-di/how-it-works/Pages/default.aspx), each is $100,000 max.
It’s not red tape that’s keeping manufacturing away, it’s input costs. This sounds like nothing more than a sound bite to me. What’s he going to do, legislate hydro prices? Knock the minimum wage back to $12? Reduce corporate taxes to single digits? Tell the federal government we won’t have a carbon tax and will not collect theirs?
Sounds like they’re right to avoid this one.
It's hard to feel bad for China.
In Ontario we learned about it in elementary school. Don’t recall anybody being painted in any specific light. I’d go into more details but it was so long ago. 
Couldn't happen to a better company.
Who knew being a whore had risks eh?
They've had at least eight years, what's the impetus all of a sudden? /s
DENTAL PLAN
They've been spending like drunks for over a decade. Now they want to use our money to buy our votes too. Surprise.
Yeah, fuck that 15 year old boy, right? Jesus Christ some people are such attention whores. There are three *people* that were victims here. Get off your soap boxes and fuck yourselves with a cactus you vile creatures. 
Yeah, look at all the cable that's tied up; even if it is up to code, it's bad optics. I would have not put it so close if I was installing it (not an electrician.) Look at the reactions it's got here. Any reasonable person is right to be cautious. 
Good stuff. 
I think they meant it shows that you're not an electrician because GFCI breakers exist and can be used in these scenarios ☺️ Nothing is visible in the picture in this regard. Another consideration is sometimes multiple outlets are wired together and only one will have a GFCI outlet but it will protect the whole circuit. 
Yeah don't sweat it, it was a good reference as is. 
Best served  cold. 
Typical government duplicity. 
First rule of MS Paint: Remove it. 
Now everyone can see *why.*
To be fair the $40b were for cleanup and other liabilities. I don’t get to bilk investors $40mil and just walk away with a fine if I can pay it back. And I wouldn’t fuck up entire ecosystems for decades while I did. 
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. Corporations are like people except they’re better. They get all the rights with much less responsibly because they’re built and lobbied that way. 
She can still be an uninspired, plagiarizing cunt and it doesn't make a lick of difference here or in that person's comment other than to judge her character, because that has nothing to do with cultural appropriation other than some minor overlap. Bernier is not complaining about plagiarism and neither was anybody in the story I linked. Everybody complaining is basically saying she shouldn't paint like that. If they works actually belonged to someone else or took exact elements from another artist, that'd be a much different story. Otherwise the worst thing she should be called is a "hack."

Still good to know nonetheless, so thank you. That part of the story obviously wasn't covered in what I linked, and it wasn't just the NP that didn't report it.
Oops. Didn't think that one through did you?
I think that’s a fair and reasonable argument. But there are some ridiculous ones, like [you can’t paint like that. ](http://nationalpost.com/news/canada/toronto-gallery-cancels-exhibit-of-white-artists-paintings-over-complaints-of-cultural-appropriation)
Well I guess he doesn’t have to worry about his charges now. 
No. It’s copyright infringement. Theft is s completely separate crime, which is in the Canada Criminal code. Copyright infringement is not - that’s covered by the Copyright Act. If they were the same it wouldn’t be written again on a separate piece of paper. 
Was your waiter a St. Bernard?
I've been using it for a while now. I like it.
Sounds like a fool's bargain. Good for B.C.
WOW. That’s bad if the case. I definitely will not consider gamepass now until it’s sorted. Thanks for the tip!
As opposed to "clueless" Kathy? People don't *want* The Beer Store, they don't want LCBO and you're giving them more of the same.
IIRC TVO had a deal where they licensed many children's programs in the 80s to school boards across Canada who wanted it for free.
...and you’re still an idiot with egg all over your face. Well at least that’s what I think it is. You should try to save face for something else. I'm done here even if you aren't.
That’s the thing, I don’t. That’s the panacea we’re supposed to be after but the ones saying it the loudest don’t seem to understand how it works and use counterintuitive approaches to achieve it. 
Oh it did. I’m currently shopping for carriers. I've just been lazy because I can afford the increase. But it's the principle. You know what should have raised a flag in your head? Your snivelling. You can go ahead and defend whomever you like. It’s the truth whether you like it or not. I have all of my policies from the last 10 years, you don’t. I’ve made no claims in that time, I’m and not in a high risk area for floods or storms.

EDIT: Oh and my carrier is Aviva. [Here you go.](https://imgur.com/a/afa1d) I can't wait to hear how I purposely misled you with from-memory rounding errors. As the industry professional you are, I'm sure you can calculate the finance charges each year for yourself. Here's a clue: it's not much. It's an all risk policy and the only thing has changed is the replacement cost. ($522, $584 & $613K) - and maybe that justifies it - I don't know. What I do know is I have some quotes for like coverage so considerably cheaper that it makes me suspicious of them. State Farm is reputable and undercuts by hundreds a year so I'll probably go with them. So how full of it am I now? Nah, don't answer I don't care. This is for everyone else that reads these messages and thinks you know what you're talking about. I understand, I must be an industry first. Thanks for your interest.

Oh oh I know!! He pays his creditors in full?
You're splitting hairs. Fine, they raised my raised my rates $353.75 a year for the last three years. I even deducted the finance charges for you. That should please you greatly. 
I forgot my AirBnB password so I haven't taken the ad down. 
Is auto insurance fraud why they've raised my house insurance $30 a month three years in a row? Probably not. No wonder people like to take liberties. 
Not in my time zone. Daylight Saving Time is an hour. How many news sources do you see say "don't forget to set your clock back/ahead *30 minutes* tonight?" Which planet is your time zone on?
You're right of course. He laid the groundwork for the ME trilogy too though and look at the ending we got instead. I hope they do better this time around.
I prefer DST but please just fucking pick *one.*
A great way to foment division is to give special treatment. There will be no equality as long as this keeps up. Ever.
CBU professor is an idiot.
So, all of them?
Bob Barker needed to be faster.
I can't see them distributing shatter at all. The government is still too puritanical. But AFAIK there has been no discussion either way.
Surrrrrre it will. 
That's some expensive time release coating. We're obviously underpaying for shit like vitamin C pills and Advil 12 hour.
It's okay now though, right?
Yeah, no need to hurry there bud.
I know people that work there and I'm told they do.
LOL. You can't pin that on Oduya. Wait, can you?
You need to educate yourself on how the Bank of Canada makes money with overnight rates, investments. They use that money for operation and give what's left over to the Receiver General annually. Those aren't taxes.
Long story short, capitulation to social justice crusaders.
i.e. "There aren't enough _____ on our money"

Women, Aborignals, minorities, etc.
Because enough people whined and cried about too many "old white men" on the money.
The Bank of Canada isn't funded by taxes.
He moves to a higher denomination. So does Laurier. King and Borden get cut.
It is my privilege to tell all of these people to go fuck themselves.
You can't protect an art *style*. Fuck right off. 
It wasn't a typo, but yeah I can see it now ;) 
What a cunt.
Stick a fork in it.
Who wants Naive Outrage 2.0? I can't blame the Crown at all. 
What's wrong with the other 19%?
What manner of sorcery is this?
I was hoping this was the answer, much obliged!
Heaven forbid the police contract tow companies that are accountable.
It's your civic duty! Seriously though I see your point. I'll just wish they acquire STDs on their crusades then. 
Fuck every one of these students right in their safe spaces. 
This sounds like a great idea.
Agreed. I do not like it here or there, I do not like it anywhere. 
I think it'll stand as per the deal - 10th pick protected.
I had the same problem running VMware fusion. Try switching your network adapter to bridged from shared. After I did this and started the homebridge daemon, something new came up after "Homebridge is running on port 51826:"

    [Harmony Hub] Fetching Activities...
    [Harmony Hub] Found Activities: <list>

Now my stuff works properly and I can finally add the device to HomeKit All of the activities are switches. Unfortunatley this was all after I bought a couple of Google Home minis
That's not how convictions work. 
Nothing a truncheon upside the head can't govern. 
I'm aware of that action. Let's see how that works for us. If the WTO complaints were effective the first few times, it wouldn't be happening *again.*

I'm not saying rip up agreements. I'm saying give them something effective and timely to worry about and  give them something to reconsider.
Thanks Friedman. I love your work with MUFON. 
I heard they also financed WW2
Tell us about milk in bags next. 
I'll believe it when I see it. So far we've demonstrated nothing but rollover since Harper let the US keep their illegally collected softwood lumber tariffs. 
Sounds like another toothless WTO complaint is going to be filed. Maybe it's time we started introducing new tariffs of our own. 
This is worse than omnibus bills. And those are pretty bad. 
It seems totally absurd to me that a parent would force their teenaged daughter to go endure child birth. Or a government. I'm not sure which one is more absurd. 
As far as I'm concerned if you can't share it then it should be taken away. Like children. 
Not to sound like I'm defending Bell at all (I wouldn't piss on Bell if it was on fire) but this is quite common anywhere that has aggressive sales targets. It's unacceptable nonetheless.
I've never actually had any problems other than a delivery that was a day late. I've had about 5 deliveries since then, no problems at all. I even signed for the last package. 
Not to mention on these new buses where the very back of the aisle is about half a meter wide and if it's a double decker bus has a low ceiling. I'm definitely not riding 25 minute rush hour standing and hunched over. 
I usually walk "through" bags and purses like that. Yeah I get that it's impolite but so is the fact that I can. I always have a bag; when I stand I take it off and hold it below my waist. When I sit it's in my lap unless there is a surplus of seats available. It goes back onto my lap when there isn't. Really not hard. 
Instead of tape I use polyolefin tubing. Now I just buy third party cables because Apple's suck by comparison. 
Yup I see it this way too. And boy did they whip some people into a Melnyk-hating frenzy here. 
LOL. Dream on.
Do we try to buy back our debt for pennies on the dollar? Not pay our contractors the agreed upon price or not at all? I guess we're not swindlers and you're not suave Donnie. 
It sucks but if it was me and I had to go rest assured I wouldn't be leaving anything I built standing.
We might as well just buy a fuckton of rent to own furniture. We could actually count on it in the meantime.
This is some feel-good shit right here. How about some cold-case murders? Nah fuck them. 
Shocking. Shocking I say. 

Sincerely,

Ontario. 
When the collective guilt stops. Not in our lifetimes. 
Some expensive lip service. Like always. 
Universities should rightfully absolve themselves and let law enforcement deal with these cases like everybody else. If that's done the Feds should go fuck themselves otherwise IMO. 
Bell you say? Fuck Bell. I also have a problem with a company with Chinese Communist Party interests capitalizing on our soil. 
This guy needs a partner in crime named "Eggs."
It's great that people who eat and shit for a living are taxed more than artificial entities made to make money by design. Cost of living: GFY. Cost of doing business: no you keep it. What a crazy world. 
I'm more pissed off about the public transit credit. They fucked some of the most vulnerable on that; others too. Kids are expensive and entirely optional. 
I had no idea this was a Canadian invention. Rest in pizza pops my good man. 
Death threats make an expensive pork chop. 
Beyond a stern warning, none. The state must defend it for you. 
Why it's taken 29m for you to get your first upvote is just offal. 
Enjoy. I can't stand hosting friends for more than a couple of days. 
I had a big cavity in a non-impacted wisdom tooth - there was nothing else wrong with it - and I waited for days in a lot of pain despite over the counter meds. I was told by my dentist those years ago that they would remove it there and I waited for nothing. Maybe they don't do it anymore this *was* many years ago. Call [e-health](http://www.ehealthontario.on.ca/en/contact) and ask them about this:

https://www.ontario.ca/page/what-ohip-covers#dental

I would call it "medically necessary" if it's broken and you have an exposed nerve but obviously it's not up to me. In the end if you keep going back for pain killers eventually it would be cheaper to just remove it.
I'd be more for banning clamshell packaging that did not have a recycling number on it. Most of the shit I see goes straight to the trash.
One thing Teksavvy did for me no other company has done before - lowered my rates - **twice** - because their costs went down after CRTC rulings.

If that doesn’t pan out as a last resort you can go to the hospital and OHIP will cover an extraction. 
Lol. I’ll make sure the prick sees this. Well done. 
remove
Does anyone else smell Halo the Hedgehog?
I waited for MK X XL for this reason and yeah this looks even worse in that regard so I'll probably do the same. 
Not a chance. One is a sideways toilet seat and the other the turd that goes through it. I'd rather cheer for an American team if the team moves. Or maybe one of the Albertas. 
I limited it to water mainly because it's a necessity for life we can only manage and not created in any meaningful amount. Oil and gas are used to maintain a lifestyle; so they are effectively commodities. Food while a necessity can be created. Air, well nobody has found a way to make a fortune off of that yet. Carbon will have to do. 
Lol. Yeah I already have set my own price notifications. Thanks again, very nice find. 
> ca.camelcamelcamel.com

What is the this beautiful thing? Thanks for the tip!
Aquifers should always belong to state and be non-transferrable IMO.

It should be a means of survival for the public *before* it's a product.
Long story short, I'm a fan of Amazon Prime on the whole.

In your position I would try the 30-day trial. If you already burned that you'll get a burner email address on outlook.com or the like and use a different credit visa/mc debit card this time around. I'm pretty sure you need both to get another free month.

RE Prime Video the subtitles are good; I can't speak on selection based on your tastes obviously. Unfortunately there's no real way that I know of to browse the catalogue without access or an easy way to get a listing from someone that has access. I don't really use it much TBH. The volume of content is decent if you're getting prime for shopping and getting the video for free - that's how I feel about it. 

I do not do subscribe to save on groceries; I live in a house alone, so I don't need stuff once a month that is non-perishable. I do standalone orders often enough.

I'm actually getting a delivery in the next few hours; having one day delivery now is really nice - even on weekends there are stock limitations but so far I haven't hit any; and I order mixed bags of stuff. I.e. my current order is a wall coat hanger, a pair of headphones and 2 cans of chunky soup - I ordered them yesterday afternoon.


Man I can't imagine how great just that little bit of regained independence must feel like. Great job everybody involved.

I used to know a guy that had it and he eventually lost the ability to talk. What a horrible disease.
Regrettably, that offer has expired. Hopefully [this](https://i.imgur.com/y9u2GND.png) one can make it up to you and anyone else whom we've caused offence. Don't forget to read the fine print.

Love, 

The King.
I wish it wouldn't be too much to ask for people to learn a lesson from any of it.
Can't wait to see the numbers for this year. They should be abysmal by comparison.
I've seen no such behaviour; the targeted ads I get are from web searches that I recall making; usually served by AdChoices.

But I don't use Facebook or Instagram. Of all the things to have a tinfoil hat about, it's that they're "listening" and not what they're mining.

Go ahead, downvote me because *you're* the attention whores who traded their privacy in exchange for a showcase of what you're eating and other such banalities. You know you've earned it, and sometimes the truth can hurt.
Wouldn't that just be a kick in the grapes for all of the virtue signallers and witch-penis hunters.
All hail Emperor Xi!

Dear World, your new overlord will become increasingly bolder. First the South China sea, next the entire Pacific, maybe Antarctica.

EDIT: [A little tribute](https://i.imgur.com/o9qVKlA.png) - yeah, I hate this guy, full disclosure.
>Police are cautioning property owners to call them rather than "pursue or engage with suspicious individuals."

If the response time was adequate maybe this would be acceptable to some people. I'm glad I live in a city where I wouldn't have to wait very long. My deductible is $1000 *if* I make a claim. I'm not letting that go without a fight.
It looks like you're correct. Motherfucker; I don't want to pay for indoctrination.
IMO the government already funds too many religious schools; we don't need more. I'm just glad I can choose which board gets my property taxes at least. 
This sounds like a bunch of drunk mooks looking for trouble. I grew up in Kingston and my parents worked at Queen’s - and you don’t have to take my word for it but asians have been on campus for decades without much issue. Sorry about his luck. 
TBF it's not just natives but I agree it is counterproductive; I can only wonder how much pressure to mete out justice played into trying this man with a flimsy case. 

As much as I believe Tina deserves justice re-writing criminal law just to obtain a pound of flesh is not a solution. The burden of proof must always be on the crown and guilt must always be beyond reasonable doubt. 

I just hope we didn't permanently shut the door on justice for Tina over zeal.
Well it looks like I won’t be buying any player jerseys for the next 5 years. 
Well we should have just convicted him anyway? Right? That's the message I'm getting from some malcontents.
Buh bye now. 
I don't really have an opinion on Patrick Brown but I do know from experience the less Mulroneys in politics the better. 
It's certainly a sad story. Unfortunately it repeats "did not have the necessary equipment" too many times.
Was it in a brown paper bag?
You might as well call for world peace and an end to poverty while you’re at it. 
If it happens in my lifetime you can knock me down with a feather.
It's absolutely crazy this continues. Go back to punch cards if you have to. Jesus.
PVR? Naaaah.
Not completely, but I'll concede they probably benefit a lot more.
No they are not, and they damn well should be. I don't see why Ottawa should rehabilitate that bridge completely on its own dime. These fuckers shouldn't get free ride.
It was a bullshit ruling IMO.
On pain of what? I can't see it happening. I have friends that work for bell that are totally opposed to this.
Well in that case they can politely go fuck themselves IMO. We don't need another Richmond BC.
It is fair because that works both ways. My pass/transfer doesn't work on STO. STO cards don't work on OC Transpo (outside of special arrangement hours.)

That bridge would be an *infrastructure* link that benefits both communities.
Sure, I’ll go with that. I mean, how many years would fares take for even $50,000,000 ROI on that line? 
After a cursory review I think that moose consortium plan is a pipe dream.
I’m not going to downvote you but I think it would be more fair for both municipalities to split the cost. 
Turnabout, fair play, etc. 
What more do you expect from the philanderer in chief?
My passport can beat up your passport.
I wouldn’t even wipe my ass with that petition.

> GoFundMe's terms that prohibit items that promote hate, violence, racial intolerance, or the financial exploitation of a crime.


The campaign is none of these. 
How did we ever afford shit before?
Oh well. Have at it. 
Stupidity is a threat to everybody. 
Stick to fellating the leafs nation Nick. 
He's definitely the most excited one about it. You know why? Because nobody else is excited.
Well the status quo is working out well for him. He's got villas in France he can forget about.
Great for non-consensual porn!
Impress your friends!
FRAWWWWD!
Yup, that's what good leadership is supposed to do. It's too bad there isn't more of it to go around. 
The fact that we're paying for that shit amazes me. Our priorities on spending needs a top-to-bottom rework.
Not me. 
Was this before or after she had her Snickers?
Well in that case I think we need and inquiry & a sweat lodge to heal everybody.
Do as we say not as we do. Typical. 
Last night it was slow to auto login for me in Canada. Today no problems. 
What a fucking stupid idea.
Just make up your mind, stop this raining and freezing again. 
I switched for the rewards program and I'm not missing Google as much as I thought I would. 
Let them eat cake. 
It was nice of them to round off that misconduct to a nice $200,000. 
I like it a lot. All the different variations make for some interesting matchups. I also play it with the PDP MK fight stick which I like much better than standard controllers.
I think it's been repeated so many times people believe it.
Raids are a great start but I'll reserve my approval for when I see actual justice.
Pssst. The god of Abraham can make an asshole out of anybody. 
I believe Boushie didn't deserve his ultimate fate, but he and his company certainly secured it.
You can have equality or you can have special treatment, but you can never have both. 

If you go with one then complaining you don't have the other makes you an idiot.
It amounts to this in real $ from this season until the end of 2020-21, respectively:
$1,750,000, $1,625,000, $1,625,000, $1,375,000 	
This is so sad. Maria was a good lady. I can't believe this.
Trebuchets.
It'll actually help correct the problem too. "Looks like the party's over."
You gotta really wonder if this is what some of these idiots actually want. 
Good. 
No, it's just plain ol' racism. 
I'm okay with this. I think it'll have to be more than just Hawaii if anything is going to change though.
I think they went for first degree murder because identity politics demanded it. Imagine the outrage and calls of racism. Sure sounds familiar doesn't it?
It's hard not respect farmers over pieces of shit. Both transcend ethnicity so this giant race card is irrelevant to me personally.
Hear hear!
Reduce expenditures. Nahhhh.
I find "poor descision making" while wholly correct, a vast understatement to explain anything this party has done with with the energy portfolio. This one is probably the most egregious.
This is what happens when you can't manage a lemonade stand and are tasked with a province.
Must...give...a commission.
I'm glad they're not playing politics, let alone identity politics. This is the right call in my opinion.
You're right, it just means you milk that cow for every last drop, because you can. If you think the LCBO had any *choice* as to whether they took on this new endeavor, you are mistaken. I'll concede they operate at arms-length.
It's a Crown Corp with a government mandate, that's why.
Long story short: I don't trust the OLP to sit the right way on a toilet seat anymore. People want beer and wine markets opened up outside of the LCBO and Brewers Retail in this province, and not only do they not do that by any meaninful measure, they go ahead and monopolize the recreational marijuana market. 

LCBO home delivery is $12 per order.

I wasn't talking about them screwing Bernie. I was talking about them screwing over average Americans to line their own pockets. It's what they do. Even better than the Democrats.
I'm talking about LCBO tacking on fees, not Shopify. I didn't know they were even going to deliver this stuff until I read this post. 
Can't wait to see what the shipping fees are going to look like. 
I certainly hope so. Can't say I'll hold my breath though. They are slippery eels. 
Ain't that the truth!
Ain't that a kick in the cabbies
Not if the GOP can do anything about it. They have patrons to work for. 
I think it comes down to "the missing wife" changing the definition of "what a reasonable person would do at the time" - i.e. not be too concerned with firearm safety - but that's entirely conjecture on my part. I'd love to get inside the jury's head on this one. I think the reasoning they used is important to the public in this case. 

EDIT: added "to the public" - the reasoning is important in *every* case :/
The best part is they used to come in a plastic carrying case.
This one I wouldn't complain about as long as there were napkins. 
Nothing an angle grinder & cutting disk can't fix.
I love Alberta - don't get me wrong, but how is their diversification of saleable products progressing? Has it even started? It seems the only things they make that anybody wants are oil products & agriculture. With all of this recent grief now is a good time to start, because it's not going to go away.

And it looks like I'm not *that* far off. Check out Chart 2:
http://www.albertacanada.com/files/albertacanada/SP-EH_AIME-10-year-review.pdf
Well not all of them; case in point. What a sad outcome.
Ah you know I probably should have gotten that by the title but it didn't click. Thanks for the correction. It doesn't seem to be absurd now.
The first is from this very story. Here's the [second one](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/saskatoon/gerald-stanley-lawyer-defence-friday-1.4516243).
I would have probably lied about it too and I'll give him credit for telling the actual truth on the stand. But grilling prosecution witnesses is what the defence does. It has nothing to do with how glow-in-the-dark you are.

Edit: Removed snarkiness; sorry I'm grumpy because it snowed last night and I have to shovel the driveway.
I'm trying to think of the complexity how a such system would work. Would we have to write our race down on our income taxes? That's how the rolls are filled currently. What about people that don't file any? How would we really nail the right people down, sidewalk survey in the right parts of town?

EDIT: I guess it could be an *optional* field; otherwise I think some people would make a big stink about it. We do it on the census but that's not updated yearly. Other than taxes which are the most mandatory government filing I can think of with the most frequency to keep info up to date, anybody else would have to volunteer. Personally I have never been selected in my entire life. But it's mandatory with a few exceptions, and everyone who has filed taxes in last few years is in the pool. And it is *random*, because race/group(s) is not recorded.
Yeah, I'd like to hear the benefits of a "special guest referee" pertaining to judicial system. I'd like to call industry expert Vince McMahon to the stand.
>"It was really difficult to sit there today and watch every single Indigenous person be challenged by the defence." 

Umm, so there were non-indigenous people witnesses of the prosecution, or were all of the indigenous people on the stand beyond reproach?

>'I lied about that'

Well at least we know they weren't all beyond reproach, eh?
You might too if you lived in Nunavut. So why aren't people flocking there? Oh yeah, because they don't want to live in expensive,  inaccessible tundra with low quality of life. Look up pictures of Iqaluit - the capital.  How many amenities does it scream?
It would look good on them if they did.
It's totally reckless that these two meatheads would make such comments publicly.
For a time they actually proved it too. But those times are long gone.
Add me to chorus of don't sign/walk away. **Never** sign a contract you cannot read and understand first. 
Time to just make all the games free to play then right? No?!
That's pretty good. I'm at 24 months and I think 567 cycles at 84% also. 
FaceID is a solution for a problem nobody but Apple had. TouchID is way better IMO.
I think that's probably exactly why those two numbers are so different. 
Well maybe that should change. A lack of tangible consequences are why this incident happened in the first place.
They're not a news platform though. They're a pimping agent for attention whores.
I guess I'll just have to remain this enigma. 
False equivalency; I’m not buying a car, nor am I betting on an outcome. I’m leaning. That’s all. If you don’t like it that’s your problem, not mine. 

EDIT: if I was to do either of those things, then they would definitely play out close to or exactly as your scenario. 
All I meant by due process here is he’s not punished without his fair trial, however that might be.  What I do in the *meantime* is entirely my business. In this specific case Steve has credibility with me. The accuser does not. I’m not calling for her punishment at this point either. 
Should happen long after we're dead.
Really cool stuff. I can't imagine how painstaking that road layer is.
That's fair, and very good of you. I might not like the religion, but you're OK in my book. I have friends of multiple faiths and my parents still go to church every Sunday; I love them all. I'm just not a fan of the institutions or their qualifications. 
100% agree. 
I'm of the belief that the burden of proof is on the person making the accusation. I know that's not feasible in all cases, and I wish I had a better solution to those; but I'm not going to let this #metoo movement muddy smear out the line between objectivity and calling someone a liar. It's really starting to go that way.
Where have we seen something like this before? Talk about not learning from your mistakes. These are bonds I wouldn't touch with a barge pole.
Whichever you want. Mosques, madrassas, synagogues - all of them. If there is/are god(s) these fools will not lead you to them. 

The "™" was tongue-in-cheek; making fun of the "authority" these institutions bestow upon themselves. It's not the Pharisees complaining here. For me it's a form, just fill in the blank.
Yup, and one gives grants and one takes them. Something they do have in common is they're both run by people who think they know what's best for you. Only one lawfully governs, however. They can both stick their moral values AFAIC; I roll with my own.
Yup, you want a classic example of *virtue signalling* look no further than the church. *The Original Virtue Signalers™*
Well that's fair. I urge boycott of the church. Not because of summer programs though.
Gold digger gold digs. In other news: what goes up must come down, the only cure for taxes is death. 

Sounds like he's been wanting out for a while.
Fine. If there's any environmental disasters that seep into our borders we better have measures to ensure accountablity in place if their out-of-pocket response is less than stellar. 

i.e. BP should be bankrupt for what they did to the Gulf of Mexico.
Well it's about time. While you're at it, do something about Quebec trades people bidding on work in Ontario with an onerous list of preconditions equal to that of Quebec.
I moved from a small city to a major city 14 years ago. At that time, the cost to wipe my ass *literally* increased 42%, and not because it was pork & beans night every night. This has been a thing for a while now. Sure it's getting worse but as the article says the seeds were sown a long time ago. 

I don't think there is a will in governments to do anything tangible about it. We seem to govern based on ideology more than solid planning and careful reasoning these days.
Boo hoo. I'm sure you'll find other sleazy ways to make it up Bell.
I've seen it happen. Surly customer giving employee a hard time and jumped up on the counter. MLB pitch of a can of Pepsi straight into the guy's nose. Dinner time theatre.
What with this /r/assholedesign candidate toggle? Wow. 
Well, I'll wait for due process anyway. It's the justice standard for good reason. I believe Steve until I have a reason not to.
It think over time in my case it's going to have to be. I will say that it's not for the squeamish; anybody wanting to use it  should know your way around Linux and package management.
Always listening. No buttons.
Since the last two Xbox update preview broke my voice commands in OneGuide I set up a homebridge server and I use an old iPad in the living room to control everything through my Harmony Hub via Siri. I can still yell to turn on/off and launch apps with Cortana thru Kinect, but I can't select  or show labels for *anything* on screen anywhere anymore. Reported it via previous update; they're either working on it or they aren't; I decided not to wait to find out.
Nope.
Not you too Steve! I hope this is a lie.
At this point we should just make this pinned topic I think. Same ol' trite shit over and over again.
I know we complain about the Ontario government wasting money on nonsense but wow this is a new precedent. 
I'd be surprised if this passed. The status quo works so well for a lot of the people that get to vote on it. It hasn't been about what's best for America in decades.
Ok. So who will be our Franz Ferdinand and Gavrilo Princip then? Any takers?
How much did Paul Ryan save? Yeah.
You have to look at how things in Syria before the war were and then mix in all of the immigration displacement, all while not being an idiot.
Then Assad isn't even a "sell" he's a "hell yes, please."
Jesus Christ I hope you're joking  or oversimplifying. Because if you're not, fuck us right in the ear. 
Coconutbattery. 
Wow, 4%! Impressive. 
If your devices support Bluetooth PAN you can try that. Can't say I've ever tried it myself but in your case I'd be willing to give it a shot if it was available.
Yup...and in that scenario how much money have they made? $0. But it counts as a "lost revenue" otherwise. Funny how that works.
You'd think if it was such a big deal, it would get off its ass to snap its fingers and fix the "problem." Too much to ask I guess.
I just hope these mooks don't decide to hang out in front of my office now. I might have to offer the clinic my help in applying for that 150m radius expansion. 
Yes it does. It's too bad she feels guilty about her abortion, but that doesn't mean other people have to.
I remember telling that guy that the chicken wings on the sign looked good, and I asked what restaurant he was working for. Can't say I'll miss any of them on Bank St.
LOL. Well going into details would be somewhat off topic. It would be an arms race of sorts, and I’m not willing to give  them any free tips,

Personally, I don’t have skin in this game; I just don’t like the very idea itself. A slippery slope if you will. 
On a national level yes - most people roll over and take it as it comes. But there are people in the UK bypassing it, all you need is the will and the way. And there are definitely more ways than one. 

I’m not saying the censorship is without merit. It works. It just doesn’t work for *everybody*, inevitably. 
Then they fail to do so. 
Sounds like they need better management. 
You can *try* to censor my internet. That’s as far as you’ll get. 
If that’s not inclusion I don’t know what is. 
LOL. Fair point. It’s definitely not itemized on my bill. I guess such salesmanship has left an indelible mark. I do remember a time when it was because I remember actually paying for it. 
I can certainly agree with this. 
I cannot argue this at all. 100% truth. I will upvote and I encourage more upvotes. 
I can't disagree at all. "Competition" is definitely not helping the consumer. 
Great deal in my estimation. Good job. How hard did you have to work for it? Honest question. 
It is not. I have no interest in phone calls. 150 anytime min per month. Free evenings at 6pm and weekends/holidays inbound calls are always free. 
Do you know if you were talking to sales or support reps? The people that can actually make the good deals are people on the customer retention team. That's whom I dealt with; I got 6GB data for $35 a month, free call waiting/display and visual voicemail on Fido. I didn't have to fight either. Have had this plan for about 4-5 years. It does cut into new phone subsidies though, I don't qualify for 100% those.
Your bargaining powers are strongest when you're month-to-month.
United denied me and my emotional support bag of heroin from a flight too. We demand justice!
Yup; and a great reason why globalization is so ballyhooed by "industry advisors" in all trade deals.
Then every person in Canada would owe them a kick in the balls.
Hadn't considered that; great point.
After this Canada should go back to medicine chests - they're waaaaay cheaper and they can't abuse people.
You mean *sub*-sovereign.
He's still got tokenism points to spend. If he was able-bodied he'd be out on his ear like everybody else. 
This would be an example of a battle I would *not* pick. 
The fact that TFW are a thing is proof that the "free market" works until it doesn't.
How big is it? I think it would look great on my front lawn. 
Done and done. They wouldn't even get my dry-loop fee if I had a choice. 
I'd like to see it tabled but I don't think they have the balls. I'd like to be wrong for once. 
A mere dusting.
Well I'm not going to delete what I just wrote despite it being the pretty much exact same thing so I'll just leave you a +1 and due credit.
The rest of Canada urges anti-piracy group to get fucked.
We're both in before someone from Alberta claims it's *their* money Quebec is using. :D
All that over a traffic stop. Great decisions by everyone involved. 
Taste it to make sure it's real. 
I hate the four-person seating at the back. Nothing like jockeying for a place to put your feet with four strangers anytime somebody wants in or out.
Nope. 
I have a recycling bin on my porch with a sign above it that says "Newspapers & Flyers ↓"  It works for them and and me.
It also says PocketPak**s**. So yeah, both these things imply more than one. 
Maybe she was just trying to knock out the fat.
Booga booga!
Fuck. There goes Ontario. 4 more years. 
If it was like some markets there would be places where you have Burger King or McDonald's but not both, so your binary choice would be to either walk out with a burger or empty-handed.
Where I come from we have the term "cunt" for people like this.
Anybody know what's up with the zip tie on his flipper?
My Geekbench CPU scores went from 912/1514 to 2522/4428 which is even higher than their comparison stats of 2376/4030. Not bad at all. 
Not only is it a big deal - it's a better deal. The IP shit they were pushing was garbage. Mickey Mouse should have been public domain twice already.
I don't care what Red Foreman and Droopy's baby says. The  government most guilty of upping NAFTA pressure is the US government.
All 3 for private? LOL. Sometimes.
Interesting. Can’t say I’m a fan of the idea in egregious cases of social norm clashes.
It's puzzling to me, because that seems like "ignorance of the law" which has been established to not be a defence - so why apply it on the defendant's behalf?
I wish this girl and her family the best and the best of luck. 
It seems like a no-brainer to me but not much surprises me anymore.
That's certainly some added value. I still prefer to own specific games, but maybe someday I'll think it's worth it.
Nor would I expect them to. I'm hoping "the market" will wean the US dependence enough that they're hoisted by their own petard. I understand how wishful that is.
They're more accountable than you lead on. They elected those fools. In any case I'm hoping this deal leads to new market opportunities  better fortunes for Canadian companies. No tarrifs is a start at least.
I wasn’t talking about the feds, I was talking about the exporters. But yes I understand it’s an implausible scenario. The US would still deserve it. 
We should celebrate by diverting all of that US-bound softwood lumber to our new partners. 
FIFA makes the IOC look like a shining beacon of altruism. No thanks. 
They would have had to have been casing him for a while or been tipped off by someone that knows him, no?
Maybe all of the sticks I looked at were Easton. Never really thought about it until now. 
I thought the Sens put their lettering closer to the butt of the stick? At least that's how my autographed Methot stick is. Doesn't make sense to have everyone's different.
Semantics, mook. 
I think they mean EA Shadow of Lootboxes. It sure looks nice I'll give it that. 
I'm curious to see if this borked anybody else's voice commands. The "select" dialog registers nothing now, not even "show labels" or "stop listening" and it's systemwide for me. I reported it yesterday. 
No. By pretty much doubling the provincial debt since 2004. Incompetently mismanaging the energy portfolio and kicking that can down the road to make it somebody else's problem all while making everybody here and now pay larger portions of their disposable incomes just to keep the lights on; some manufacturers holding wages down to offset those energy costs; ever heard of the gas plan cancellations? Hardly an economy destroyer but it shows where their priorities are. I could go on but I'd rather go to bed. I'd just like to say I don't identify as liberal conservative or NDP. I just know a perpetual disaster when I see it. It's great that they've managed to edge the previous lowest unemployment rate by a few percentage points, but they've ensured the future won't be so bright. 
They ruined the Ontario economy long before the wage hike. 
Good thing I use Acetaminophen. I'm in the clear.
It's still a ways away...but it's definitely coming. And if they offer grocery delivery on top of the walk-in stores, look out. 
This means premium reductions, right? /s
Great idea. Too great for the government though methinks. 
All great and correct, I just have one more market to add: collectors. 
Yes, exactly! We start tomorrow. 
It's a fact they didn't *explicitly* make it a right, just like it's a fact you're being purposely obtuse. Enjoy your life without government grants for the time being.
Notice how it said *"security of the person"* not *"abortion."* I even italicized it for you. That section was the basis of the ruling to strike down 251.9 of the CC. Keep on fighting tiger.

If your silly deities put the remotes down and took some fucking responsibility, maybe we wouldn't be having this conversation. I'll name a coat hanger in my closet after you.


Winner! Everybody loves trotting out section 2 about their beliefs, but they gloss over section 7 about life, liberty and security of the person.
Good luck with that. It's going to be expensive and you have a good chance of losing IMO. But hey, it's not me you need to convince.
Some people don't understand that. Good for you.
24 hours it too much. Confiscate them every school day, for the day. Return them at the end of the day. I think they are overstepping their bounds, but only by about 18 hours.
Section 7: 
>"Everyone has the right to life, liberty, and the security of the person, and the right not to be deprived thereof, except in accordance with the principles of fundamental justice."

*security of the person*...is a right. If a woman doesn't want to have a baby, no person in the right mind should force her to. It's not about "the baby" at all. 

You can argue it's "fundamental justice." Nobody has succeeded since Morgenthaler won and the SC ruled in 19
That's where we'll have to agree to disagree then. Government grants are not an entitlement or a right for *anybody.* If a benefactor determines I have outmoded beliefs and/or the desire to regress freedoms granted to others after a long struggle they're right not to throw me a bone.




So let's say I exercise my freedoms of thought and peaceful assembly to publicly campaign that women belong in the kitchen and not the workplace, when I'm not running soup kitchens and youth programs. Should the government give me grants?


The Timbit Uprising of 2018.
If it's law it's not *asking*.
>(d) **require** certain corporations to place before the shareholders, at every annual meeting, information respecting diversity among directors and the members of senior management.
They're still free to do all of those things. The government isn't persecuting them or impeding any of those freedoms.  

They're saying they're not entitled to free money. Happens to me all of the time as a caucasian, unwed atheist with zero children.
Let’s have  national day for national days. I mean, might as well. 
Yup, and in neither case should they be here IMO.  There's a reason why locals aren't interested. 
Never look a gift sausage in the casing. 
I'd rather see them shuffle-off. 
Just give CRA $25 gift card that should smooth things over. 
...they should speak up for themselves and draw a line. I truly don't understand why this is so difficult.
There is much to learn for certain. 
Moral of the story: never try.  Especially when it's entirely unnecessary. 
>We are less interested in grousing and playing  politics. 

LOL. What?! Grousing identity politics is one of this government's core strengths. 

That said I think we should mind our own business in this matter too. 
Shocking. Shocking I say. 
I'm okay with this. I have very little sympathy for people who willfully or ignorantly run afoul of our citizenship and immigration laws.
Per capita certainly does matter, but for the environment - the very thing this is supposed to benefit - volume is what actually counts. When the top contributors in this regard are larger by orders of magnitude and not hamstringing themselves like we are it's a bitter pill to swallow. 
If you can't find people in the entire country to work for what you're willing to pay them, you're the problem. 
I actually loved the multiplayer in ME3. Have not played one lick in MEA. Mostly because I waffle on Xbox live but there’s also that “don’t load the game” as discussed previously. I can only assume it’s as good 

This travesty of downvotes must not continue. 
That’s fair, I speak from personal experience only. I agree with everything you said though. Could have definitely been held back for some polish. Some pure speculation on my part - I think the more seasoned Edmonton team may have been better at beating back EA management. ME2 was published by EA, but I think they only started really digging their hooks in ME3. The multiplayer was definitely them. 
They’ve beat worse odds before, but to do such a thing twice in five years...what would the odds be on that?
I’m in the camp that thinks the game got a worse rap than it deserved. It’s a decent game. I played day one before the patches and it seemed fine to me. 

On the other hand, it is the first ME game I’ve been able to put down months at I time and am not eager to finish.  I don’t think it’s a coincidence that ME and ME2 are my favs in the series for different reasons,
One key thing that ME had that ME:A didn't was Drew Karpyshyn IMO
I wish I had an answer. I’d really  like to know those two things specifically. As stated in another thread my mom is an A  Class bullshit detector. No way she would have let something get this far so fast on my mere say-so, even if I had a sibling to go along with me. She’d get to the bottom of it before anybody else had the chance.
I agree. It’s sad. I actually think this is somewhat at the feet of 24hr news; it’s a race for eyeballs now. The content comes second. 
That’s an example of something that no one directly involved in the investigation can conclude at this point.
Edit: CAN not CAN’T. 
Sure would be nice. They’re supposed to have a higher standard than the public in this regard, not the other way around. 
I was initially very angry, but at this point I think it’s time to let these people move on. Kids do crazy things. 

What I won’t forget is how the media and politicians handled it, so I’ll be taking any future reports of this nature with a raised eyebrow going forward. 
So apropos. 
Well that sucks that I only pay plastic, but my tips are not going to start at 22.5% they’re staying at 20%. Hope none of the places I go to start passing on processing fees. I view that as a CODB, not cost of earning wages. 
Time to dig into the console logs. https://www.macobserver.com/tmo/article/mac_os_x_using_console_to_troubleshoot_problems
That too. And a loss for identity politics theatre.
I answered the same fucking question twice. Instead of being literate, allow me to be a dick. Have a nice day!

* [once](https://www.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/7qkic2/scissors_attack_on_schoolgirl_in_hijab_did_not/dspuvnr/)
* [twice](https://www.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/7qkic2/scissors_attack_on_schoolgirl_in_hijab_did_not/dspwaas/)
Not in Canada. Age 12 is the minimum. She's 11. 
To puzzle and confound you. Keep reading grasshoppa. Nevermind, if you haven't understood by now, you probably won't despite me having explained already. 
Of course. But if you actually have to literally eat & shit for a living, you get to pay full pop. 
They have $45 of my money in escrow right now. I'm sure they're making a killing. I'll pay that those tens of cents worth of interest for predictability that doesn't change with the weather.
Yep, I can totally get behind you on that. And it looks like we're not going to hear another word about it, so we're halfway there. The investigation has officially concluded. So she probably came up with this all by herself for whatever reason.
Zungle sounds like something popular between Friendster and MySpace.
Yeah it's easy enough - she's just a kid. 

And I hope she's not in a situation where there's the possibility as some people suggested that she thought this was a better alternative than telling her parents something they didn't want to hear.
I think even after you fix the disk I think you'll probably run into issues with the partition having a mounted system volume while trying to mod the partition, but give it a try. Every time I've installed BootCamp on either of my systems it's never gone on the system disk, so none of this has ever been an issue for me. I've since moved on to reFit so it's been a while since I've actually had to deal with BootCamp directly.

This is the shit that happens when you set unrealistic targets under a punitive system.
That's an entirely plausible explanation. One of the better ones I've heard. I'll be interesting to see how much info gets released.
As most do these days, to be fair. And I mean, this is an at least *somewhat* unlikely story, isn't it? Jeezus I hope it is. I know if I came home with a story like this my mom would grill me before she called the cops. Class A bullshit detector.
As others have pointed out, that would never happen. The minimum age for criminal responsibility in Canada is 12.

Good thing we don't do sharia law here I guess :)
Can't disagree. If the parents or anybody else *did* though I'd certainly consider it money well spent. I don't expect the girl to know better at her age, but an adult...they'd deserve a kick to the groin.
She probably doesn't understand the damage she has done - I mean next time we hear something like this the almost the whole country will be heard collectively groaning. And that will be a terrible thing if the victim is real next time.
What is this "Young Offenders Act" you speak of?

I'm not saying she needs to be charged - I'm saying charges should to be pursued - i.e. further investigation and apply if warranted. We know next to nothing about this case as it is. She may not have acted alone. 

And if she did, well, then you're right.
I understand that, that's why I chose the word "pursue." If there's no legal or reasonable possibility of conviction, the Crown will not waste its time but the police shouldn't just drop this - not to say they have either - but it's obviously happened before.
Maybe he can at least not jump the gun next time he hears a sob story? Nah, that's probably too much to ask.
The *original* homewreckers. LOL.

Sorry gay people, you still have catching up to do. /s
Oh I know - and it's total bullshit.
On the bright side no poor innocent dude was taken into custody and smeared.
And sure to be most inept. These fuckin idiots couldn't balance a scale.
She probably got it from a safe-space echo chamber.
Charges should be pursued. We don't need any kind of bullshit, but this is nowhere near the top of the list.
Right where this belongs.
It did seem fishy didn't it? Who does that, and then who comes back later to try again?

This false report deserves a paddling.
I'll "slam" the decision maker for being responsible. Personally I don't care about this guy's morals. I care that he's old and needs expensive medicine to survive.
I'm on BPP and my installments started in September. I think it's crazy not to do this if it's an option. My prices are almost exactly the same as the same time last year to the dollar.
I guess I gave them too much credit. This guy's gotta be in or borderline mental disability.
You might have already done one - at least that's what I wanted you to do. You can run Disk utility again at the device level, not the volume, If it comes back clean, you should be fine. 

You can also run it from terminal. The general rule is verify first, and repair if necessary. Disk Utility already does this. If you decide to go the terminal way verify is save but repair at the disk level is potentially destructive and it will say so, so I highly recommend you have a backup to fall back on - it's not likely but it *can* happen. You should already have this if you're going to install windows on your startup pdisk.


Well to be fair, they also think those are the *seeds.*
Try booting to recovery mode. Unmount the disk in disk utility and run first aid there. Some operations can't be run on a partition that is in use.
Is this your startup disk?
If only there wasn't some heavenly douchebag sitting this issue and all of these people's lives out. Maybe then the debate wouldn't be so fucking ridiculous. 
What an asshole.

24

(1)Every person who contravenes any of the provisions of this by-law is guilty of an offence.

(2)Any person who is convicted of an offence under this by-law is liable,

(a)on first conviction, to a fine of not more than $10,000 or $1,000 per tree, whichever is greater;


https://ottawa.ca/en/municipal-trees-and-natural-areas-protection-law-no-2006-279


It was immediately clear to me after seeing them in a fifth estate interview this guy isn't far from a double digit IQ.
Wait til somebody finds out each kernel in a corn cob has a corresponding strand of corn silk to pollinate it.  🤯
Now let's never see or speak of them again. 
Those mooks would take credit for somebody putting an empty milk container back into the fridge if social media and news outlets made enough waves about it.

It shouldn't be a tough sell for the Crown though. There's definitely identity politics at work here.
Kids are expensive. Who would have guessed? Unfortunately not the people making more of them.
**scum·bag**
*[ˈskəmˌbaɡ]*
NOUN, informal

This guy.
Any 400 series bus will get you there for before puck drop. Not a fun ride mind you, but I used to do it when I had season tickets. It's about 30-40 mins each way.
🤬 you and your milk Paul. 
I can't wait to hear how this is my fault.
I only really have one real problem with it, and it's a big one. That is the removal of the ability to withdraw application for entry. That should never have been put on the table.
It does for sure, and I donate every year I use them because they deserve it. 
Can't we all just get a dong?
Well, I'm here now so neener neener. 
*"...groundless claims..."*
This is comedy right here.
Not even their pug-nosed Jesus could save them.
Maybe we can get a domestic manufacturing sector again.
I think I got dumber reading this story. 
I think you either vastly underestimate the amount of ecological problems man causes, or vastly overestimate nature's current ability to deal with it. This isn't about agriculture alone. There's only so much human ingenuity can solve.
I was one of the testers, didn't report anything though as I really had no issues or suggested improvements. That said, it's fast, clean and works pretty well I'd say. Looking forward to its future.
It's not just about livestock. It's about "environmental impact" holistically speaking. Take your cucumber blinkers off.
In the way that 1,000,000 require far less livestock than 7,000,000,000 people do.
The real problem is an unchecked human population. 
Could very well be the case. Not my area of expertise an it was the first time. I don't expect to have to do it again for as long as I live here. 
I missed that part. What dinks. 
Did Jordan already blow their 2018 infrastructure budget?
How many terms did he get though?
"2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 & 2016 Story of the Year"
Grease and torque house once a year. 
Look at some of that shit you can't even opt out of. I'd close my account after reading that. 
Look at the size of that head. It’s like a Macy’s parade balloon.
I’ll certainly concede that. No parade is going to change him. Best he sits out.
Why do you hate Santa? They face challenges in life too through those gin soaked whiskers.

Nobody *needs* to attend a parade to show support. There are other, more constructive, more tangible ways to do so. Grow up.
About 6 years ago I paid $8K, that included Timberline Ultra HD shingles, new attic exhaust caps. They took the satellite dishes off and put them back in with zero issues. Satisfied with the job.
I wouldn't either. That doesn't mean I *hate* anybody; I wouldn't march in the Santa Claus parade either.
You should leave a flyer in their mailbox about atheism, then later in the week ring their doorbell and try to convert them. 
Not worried at all! This is pretty damn good for an alpha build already. Great job folks!
I understand that, but it still doesn’t answer the question. We’ll find out in time. 
I noticed all of the sources network protocols are here except SMB...willful omission or coming soon I wonder?
Disney is a POS company. Par for the course. 
Which one quacks like a canard in the affirmative? Not that one.
Bullshit ruling is bullshit.
Can't get a job because you can't speak the language? Jeez, who would have guessed?
1954 until 1956 when the plates were darkened. I have the entire series except for the $1000 - didn't want to pay $1000+ for it.
This is just Liberal vote buying. Seniors had to pay taxes for years, still do and don't *necessarily* get their meds for free. Why? They won't change their voting habits.
I’ll be in section 118. If we win it’s because I’m there and it’s my birthday. If we lose it’s because of the guy I’m taking with me. He’s a jinx. 
Yes, the Mac would stream to your Xbox; your play controls are on the Mac - stop the Mac and your stream stops. Same with iOS devices.
Lucky you...it's on sale! 5 days left.

[Microsoft Store](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/airserver-xbox-edition/9nblggh52nb8?ocid=badge&rtc=1) (Log in with your XBL account  or buy directly from your Xbox)

[Dev Page](https://www.airserver.com/Xbox)
AirServer? That's what I use and it works pretty well for me.
/u/tonybarnaby  is correct, coconutBattery. 

[Download (OS X/macOS only)](http://www.coconut-flavour.com/coconutbattery/) 
I started noticing performance issues a few days ago - still on my first battery. At 524 cycles I was at 78.6% health and it was still running fine. By the time I hit 530 it was at 54% and running like crap. Amazon is delivering my new battery tomorrow. My 6S is 2.5 months shy of 2 years old.

https://i.imgur.com/R0vYZhT.png

This suit amount is pretty ridiculous but I think Apple does need a bloody nose over these design choice. My iPad isn't even at 1000 cycles and it's been horrible since 10.3.x. 
...and putting a 500 cycle battery in it to make sure it happens in that time. 
This is why I only play with friends. Heard too many bad stories about one-sided enforcement. 
Why the Liberals are anywhere above 10% blows my mind.
We need to build trebuchets. 
Was this a court of humanitarian justice ruling?
Is there’s one thing I’ve learned is these videos never tell the whole story. All I know is what it looks like - and it looks like this chick was being stupid. 
Fomenting division brings out divisiveness. We have our elected representatives to thank for it. It’s a shame. 
Holy crap they expanded! I can get stuff now. I guess I just got tired of looking. 

Before it said something to the effect of. “We’re almost there!” And would not show any places to order from. 
The border for delivery is quite literally less than 100ft from my house. And since it's tied to credit card, I can't even order even if I'm downtown and want delivery downtown.
I considered wind but after seeing how many dead spots indoors there are in the downtown area where I work from other people on it, I thought the "deal" wasn't as good as it looked. I'll pay more for reliability.
It looks like he wasn’t beaten enough. 
Also: delicious. 
File it afterwards. I didn't have to but for those that do...
Years ago I did mine with scissors and a template I printed off on the internet. From mini to micro and one more time to nano. It's *really* not that difficult. 
Duke Nukem & Snake Plissken are unavailable for comment. 
I like avocado. Everything else you nailed for both of us. 
The e-coli is not *on* the lettuce it's *in* the lettuce. E-coli contaminated water, mainly due to agricultural run-off. 
I think people are strongly discounting the loyalty Cyril Leeder cultivated all those years.
Dogs, fleas, etc.
Corporations pay for lobbyists and grease political wheels and it works for them. 
No.
By itself not at all. We have to wait and see how the ISPs decide to wield their newfound freedom and how your particular content gets routed to you. All we have now is possibilities.
No, but that works better. 
I think it does. Alfie was all management's fault. He wasn't after money, he wanted one last chance to win. Ottawa wouldn't provide that. Even after he took a discount to stay.
You know Apple - mandated fun only.
Hasn't this been patched out for a while now? You have to be running an older OS for the 1px wallpaper trick to work methinks.
Agreed. Furthermore, IMO once you make this type of wager welching is not an option. Then again I'd like to believe I have integrity. Ultimately that call belongs to others. 
And I fucking hate George McPhee. 
Public schools shouldn’t have religious services. 
Looks like crony capitalism is working its magic.
Find better trading partners. China doesn't want partnership; never has.
My goto was AT&F&C1&D2L1S11=10 by the end. 

Since we're breaking these out for the previous poster ATL0 would mute the speaker. 
Yes. Those negotiated baud, stop bits, parity and later on compression.  The speaker was just so you knew it was working and what it was doing.  Volume could be controlled or muted in most cases but most people never bothered to learn the Hayes command set and left the modem at default 
What a crayola paradise that web site was.
I fixed my problem by converting the offending songs from AAC to MP3. Still bullshit.
Inmates have a lot to teach us alright. Like which choices *not* to make. 
I’m getting this on one song in particular that I downloaded from the store.  It’s bullshit. 
I have noticed when I rescan or power up the lights on the tuner are on.  When I launch oneguide they go out. It’s like it shuts it down. I reported it. 
For the last 2000 years he hasn’t even called. I heard he gave civics lessons like he thought he was a model citizen too. I see where you get it from. 
Not at it’s finest. If you want that look to your drinking buddy. 
My fav transit app by far.
Sounds like good news. Thanks!
You want a *real* example of "leaders you deserve?" There you go. Their options were a shit sandwich or a shit croissant; and their electoral system served it on platter.

My mentality doesn't need changing. I'm a *voter*, not a politician, not a wrangler of candidates. When a revolution is required I'll be there.
You’ve identified a flaw - I’ll give you that. But that’s the easy part. Right now my priority is to remove the incompetent devil I know and try my luck with another devil. When you run for office let us know. Maybe you’re the candidate we finally deserve. I’d run myself but I’m not qualified. 
There is only one way party leaders get chosen. Let’s just sit this election out like a petulant child. Eventually someone will pay attention. Maybe. 
So what do you propose? Not vote? Spoil the ballot? What’s going to change leadership before the next election? These dice have been cast. 
Well, like you said that’s pretty much what it has become. The name is the only thing keeping me from unsubscribing because it gives me hope the substance will return in time. 
Where can I vote "Yes?"
I’d say it’s precisely why standards are so low. 
All he had do to was tell me he's not Kathleen Wynne or a member of the OLP. 
I'm not sure the industry has learned its lesson though; we'll have to wait and see how things play out - it's not over yet. I agree with you otherwise. I'd prefer lawmakers to stay out of it.
Good on you for doing the right thing and putting the effort into doing it.
You got four 7s. I bet that’s the only card they printed. And if it’s serialized I bet those are the same too. 
Came here to say this exactly. Keep up the good work!
There used to be a time when payroll wasn’t managed by computers either. Now I’m not saying get rid of them, just that there has always been a temporary alternative to “let it burn.”
You didn't have *real* choice of candidates this last time, and you probably won't again.
Crock of shit that was. You or I make a mistake on income tax worth $500 and we'd get both barrels.  
I got paid more than that *13 years ago* with *no experience.*
Short of a revolt, it's too late. You'll have to wait until the next set of elections.
What happened pre-2015 was nobody was seriously proposing anything like this because their were far less cable cutters. When they did the bill was brought in to prevent what's happening now. It worked. But not for long. 

Even with the corporate in-fighting scenario you gave which I totally agree with, where do you think that extra money is ultimately going to come from? The only place it can. Not their profits. Not their shareholders. Their consumers. 

And how is this going to skew peering agreements? We're going to find out. 
Yup. Until they decide to put VPNs in their highest priced tiers and/or they throttle VPN traffic to the point where it's not suitable for things they want you to pay them for. 
What I meant was the decision to allow ISPs to meter content was decided a long time ago. Politicians have been lobbied hard, and Trump installed his FCC black ace to get it done. Any debate or vote is purely ceremonial at this point. 

A lot of ISPs are also media companies. If you’re not paying them to watch their content they believe *they* should be paid for you to consume someone else’s. A “broker of content” if you will. And they’re going to double-dip with sweetheart preferential access and licensing deals with the content creators too. 

There will be a transition period to adapt to the new  model and changes will be done slowly so that in five years time you’ll be less likely to remember what your internet used to be like; your internet is not going to get better because of this.  But that was never really the point. The point of this is to funnel more money into corporate coffers at your expense. 
America lost this fight a while ago. You'll catch up very soon - the repeal of net neutrality laws is guaranteed. 
277 has sucked anytime after 7:45 or before 17:30 pretty much ever since they got rid of express passes.
I'm looking at you PP. 0/5. And it's not even close to the first time. I swear we haven't had a good PP unit since 2010. 
I like them, and have cracked or broken multiple. I buy them online for about $3 and apply them myself, perfect every time. I like to have 3 on hand at all times. 
That's it adidas - you're fired. 
I had my first package delivered by them yesterday; also the frst time I’ve ever gotten an email from Amazon saying there would be a delay *after* the shipment left the warehouse. It was 1-day shipping, ended up 2. It was free so I’m not going to complain. 
Sounds like a war might actually do them some good. Ingrates. 
Nobody weeps for the Beothuks.
Sage advice. They seem to be bewildered that they're often not treated as adults either.
You’re leaving it alone wrong. 
And like a good "mommy knows best" the government is going to sign anyway. 
Don't. It's not worth possible court proceedings. Best of luck to you. 
Yay. 
100% true. There was a guy here in a cab that fell off a 50ft cliff. He tried jumping out and ended up being killed. If he stayed buckled up in his cab he would be here today. 
I would have angled the tracks perpendicular to the smokestack before I started poking at but otherwise good show. In any case I’m glad he’s alive. 
Proposed solution: cement shoes
And maybe not and ungrateful POS. One can hope anyway. 
I was just going to say how horrible it was. No transport planning training of any kind 😏
How much is that piece of equipment do you think? I wonder if insurance paid out on this. 
When it's done repeatedly.
I might have,  but no I didn’t. The “dirty work” was done a long, long time ago. Clearing the land, establishing a settlement, building the infrastructure and developing the land. This situation  isn’t exactly a shirt made unethically in a sweatshop I can just boycott. Best I’m willing to do is acknowledge and move on; what I won’t do is subscribe to a daily routine of collective guilt. 
That it’s a hair shirt that I’ll never agree to wear.  I don’t feel guilty for being part of this society or for where I live.
If leafs fans could literally fellate themselves they'd never leave the house. Instead they settle for doing it figuratively, as demonstrated here. 
Theodore Batshit?
Oh looney tunes...you did it again. 
I don't acknowledge the people that owned my house before the people I bought it from; I even give less of a shit about territorial acknowledgements. The city collects my property taxes and I get to live in a nice, well maintained city. That's just the way it is and it's not changing in my lifetime.
A likely story. 
She looks like she's resisting arrest. Nothing a whack upside the head with a nightstick won't fix.
Agreed; and re: vulnerable people the replacement cost of the card is way too high at $16 with the $10 minimum load. Seems like arbitrary assholishness.
There was no reason to develop this system - could have been done much better with off-the-shelf solutions. A total boondoggle. 
What would Jesus buy?
If Christ has a problem with it let him do something about it. It *really* is that simple for a triune god.
One or two well placed burqa/niqab bank robberies or other violent crimes will end this argument pretty quickly. I'm really surprised more enterprising scumbags haven't taken this up yet.
Why would I pay for tickets to go to an event just to be told how men are collectively a bunch of misogynist assholes? If that's not what it is, they need better advertising.

I have 63cm upper thighs. You're not getting my knees together any closer than about 20cm. "Mansplaining" is "explaining" for *people* who don't want to feel stupid but probably are, which is why they're being talked to like that in the first place.
I think you're probably right, sadly. 
If that's what SAAQ says then long *or* short really should be sufficient. TBH I don't even know what a long form looks like, but Service Ontario gives examples for long form uses as follows:

*Long form birth certificate*

*A long form birth certificate is a certified copy of the birth registration. You might need it if you:*

    *move to another country
    *want to obtain a child’s passport
    *are applying for Indian Status
    *become an executor for a foreign estate
    *are adopting a child abroad, or
    *fill out certain citizenship or immigration documents

Here's the link and the procedure. https://www.ontario.ca/page/get-or-replace-ontario-birth-certificate#section-4

So maybe you are right going long form after all. I know Quebec likes to think of itself as foreign entity to Canada in some regards ;)
The short birth certificate really should be enough. They probably want something more "official looking," like [this](http://www.citynews.ca/wp-content/blogs.dir/sites/10/2015/03/birth-cert-front-bkg.jpg) which is what you'll get issued now. I had to get one last year because my paper one's ink was so faded. It's cheaper too IIRC.
This POS has already received way too much airtime.
I still use mine every day. I'm *really* hoping this doesn't mean they're going to phase voice controls out this gen.
Wait til he finds out the slang term for shit weed is “Mexican”
Animals. People have to clean that shit up!
I like being able to bring up the guide and pretty much do everything I want from there without going home. 
Nope. Store policy at most. 
Indeed; I think using OHIP as ID to buy cigarettes and alcohol played a small part also. 
Sad but true. 
I'd rather not do anything perceived to be a favour to George McPhee. 
Malfeasance. 
They wear it like a badge of pride too. 

I came up with a saying as a result of my experiences at those games: welcome to  the Leafs nation - if the second-hand smoke doesn't give you cancer the fans will. 

It's definitely a problem. I was a full season ticket holder for 5 years. Out of all those games I almost got into a fight five times. 4 were leafs games. In all cases I was minding my own fuckin business. 
California has vineyards.
Doesn't seem that way to me in the official game thread there. Everyone seems pretty civil on both sides. 
My neither if I have nothing good to say. 

If you don't want to read /r/leafs right now I'll sum up 85% of the comments there for you so far. They're complaining about trap hockey, how boring it is and how the refs are letting us get away with murder.  Better there than here. 
No need to. You're not all bad. The rivalry can actually be fun despite what some people believe. Still, some people take it too far both ways. 
Regular season also. 
Financial Accountability Office? I would have never guessed we had one with all the financial accountability the OLP has. 
Very informative, thank you!
You make a fair point but I don't believe there is enough concrete information to make such a calculation. It's certainly a lot more nebulous than counting excise tax revenue. I can't discount the possibility though.

In any case I have no reason to believe the people would see the savings, like we wouldn't on see a decrease in life insurance premiums. I do believe new taxes would be brought in to replace the the loss.
So would illicit and other undesirable things. Still not an excuse to have them. That said, I recognize a hole would be left from the excision - but the tumor should have never been allowed to grow in the first place. I am not in support of leaving the community high and dry however.
We’d need some sense first. 
I love how the government plays on both sides of the fence. They are a massive stakeholder in tobacco sales. Anybody care to guess the measures the government would take to make up the billions in revenue lost if everybody quit tomorrow? 

Quitting smoking was definitely one of the better decisions I’ve made in my life.
They can also be delicious.
It won't affect OC Transpo at all. As for STO all they have to do is make policy and it can apply on their buses anywhere their buses are - including Ontario - until a successful court challenge takes place, or Transport Canada steps in.
Bell are assholes? Who knew? They wouldn't even get my dry loop fee if I had a choice.
The fees should be so high it should be unprofitable. We absolutely don't need this shit.
Rules are for plebes, not the rulers. 
I’ve seen a couple of people with the sniffles, otherwise no. 
Nothing about the AG to me seems dislikable - she's doing her job calling the government out; the fact that she does it so much means that she's doing her job well and the government isn't. They can spin all they like, I am on the AG's side not the current government's. They need to go.
Any note that’s says “Bank of Canada” is still legal tender. That $10 is a reissue of the 1954/Devil’s Head series. Yours was printed sometime between 1956 & 1967.  Beattie and Rasminsky were Senior Deputy Governor and Governor for that entire series, originals and reprints included. 

Edit: Typo
This is shit news on a shit day but what a hell of a guy. 
Whoa whoa. Facts have no place countering collective guilt and political correctness. 
Doubt it. Their first season was in 1992. 
I don't care about the ads. Nothing will make me vote liberal. I've been voting against these pricks since McGuinty's first term - look what they've done to Ontario in the meantime.
This is also why eBay sucks now too. Pitney Bowes.
Some people even treated the plates as pension plans; it was a racket before uber came along. 
Are these public job postings? I think I'd submit video clips just telling them to stop being so fucking lazy, review resumes and conduct proper interviews like everybody else. 
Oh well. 
I was thinking it would be inside the tubing somewhere but you're right visual inspection wouldn't very long. I'd be a lazy theif 😁
I could be wrong but finding such a thing on a bike should be pretty easy with a cheap EMF detector. There are free phone apps that might even pull it off.
I'd eat it if I could find any.
That's a paddlin'
Understandable. I miss the PVR features the most. 

Oh wait, they completely reneged on those. 
I agree, the status quo is untenable. Something’s gotta give. 
Call a spade a spade.
Sure I’d concede that’s arguable. My bigger beef is the old story that discretionary spending money is good for the economy. They seem to be nickel-and-diming a lot of people on things they need, taking more of that money away just so that they can have more discretionary spending money *for us*.  Sure, some can afford it. Others not so much. One thing both of those demographics have in common is few of them appreciate it. 
Yup, even the government does it. Remember what the excuse for the removal of the public transit tax credit? Small consolation for people who stood to retain about $300 a year and really could use that money like lower middle class and seniors. 

Straight up assholery from the federal government on both of these counts.
This is a new low.
That's what they're supposed to do - but if what you say was the actual case what's happening wouldn't be happening. 

They're not appearing at a checkpoint so we can't do anything *before* they cross. Once they're *in* the country, we have to deal with them according the UNHCR. 

They would have to be stopped by the US or an agreement would have to made with the US that we can cross their border for these purposes. Good luck with that - there are anthems at football games to be defended.
I still have an unopened DL code for the original that came with Kinect. Not my cup of tea. 
Good bot
Holy shit. That is some serious business right there. 
Bye bye Gerard Depardieu. Oh...
How hot was it in Cyprus at that time? My guess would be plain old atmospheric refraction, though there would have to be specific conditions to pull that view off. Where it is on the horizon is a big part of it. Check it out. 

Edit: refraction not lensing
For $12 it's a steal IMO. 
I'm a jalapeño and cheddar guy myself. Sweet chilli heat tastes too much like BBQ. I hate fake BBQ flavouring. 
That makes it even worse. Unbelievable. 
It's really incredible how many people just refuse to let themselves have fun.
Wow. It looks like something out of a grandma's furniture museum. 
Yup. I'd make a good turkey salad tub for sandwiches throughout the week too. Yummy. 
Nope but I remember them in 2003 when they were almost half of what they are now.
It’s been so long since we had a consistently good PP line that I’m willing to call this a viable strategy. 
We sure are. Man what a different team this would be without him. I don’t want to think about how much worse it could be. 
I can’t say that Canada would necessarily want her either. Her motives aren’t clear as you said. 

I have a serious problem with people clogging up the system for genuine refugees and applicants *not* abusing the system and using it as designed. I don’t think trump singlehandedly rejects or denies applicants. If they’re not wanted in the US I’m fairly certain the vast majority of cases have a reason for it. 
The loser point wouldn't be as bad if regulation win was 3, but we know it isn't. That third point just comes and goes as it pleases. A team could lose 82 games and have 82 points beating out teams that actually *won* games for a playoff spot. It was and still is a stupid idea.
Breaking a screen and having to pay $200 for a new one. 
Insurance industries are under the purview of the provinces. Ontario's industry is exactly what the Ontario Liberal Government allowed it to be. Trudeau's not going to do shit about it. Feds have nothing to do with it. 
I think the bag thing is acceptable as long as ample seating options remain available. When pickings start to get slim, people should be considerate though. 
You're confusing *enforcement*  with the *by-law* - which is the *law* and in this case it's completely unambiguous. 

Go ahead put your feet up on the cushions. Don't let "the man" keep you or your feet down. Lounging anywhere you like is a god-given right. Such oppression must not continue. I might just stop wearing pants on the bus. That's in the by-law too, but it's not hurting anybody. I'll have boxers on. 
That's not how by-laws work. *Your* desks and picnic tables are your business. Enjoy your caviar Mr. 1%. 
No it does not appear to me he is either, but it does set a bad precedent for cases that might. Furthermore as I said, it's against by-law. They have Special Constables that enforce those. It could end up being a non-issue as I'm sure it was in this case but he put himself in a situation to possibly suffer consequences. I don't know what the fine is but they're usually over $100. They're always a dispatch request away. 

Say what you like but this guy *was* taking liberties. He's taking 3 seats and has his feet up. White glove service for $3.75 - living the dream. 
It's actually against city by-law to have your shoes touching any seat cushions - explicitly. There are further provisions in the conduct section of the by-law (2007-268) that could be reasonably argued this guy is also not on-side with. If they really wanna be dicks this guy is risking fine. 

I've seen it dealt with a handful of times a few different ways, sometimes they just hollered from their seat to take feet off the seat, I've seen them say it over the loud speaker and in one case at a stop I saw the driver get up, walk up to person and say so quietly. 





I'm surprised the driver allowed it. No way that didn't show up in their mirror. 
I'd like to think that if the god of Abraham actually *gave a shit* about abortions he'd get off the couch.  

Protest all you like.  It's your time to waste; like your Sunday mornings. 
It would be the ethical thing to do. Once a company sells shares ethics tend to evaporate pretty quickly. For every 100 people that catch on, one won’t and all the while they made interest on those people. 

You are within reason to request a refund and you **absolutely** should seek a refund or equivalent goods or services. It’s *your* money. They are not entitled to it. Escalate as far as you have to. 
On its own it is an issue worth turfing the Ontario Liberal Party next election IMO. Luckily they’ve given us a lot more reasons to do so on top of it. 
Pretty rich considering practically no ratepayers wanted the sale in the first place. 
The assholes that bought it. It’s an acquisition cost. 
Never. Perpetual victimhood is perpetual income. 

Mind you in *this* specific case I think the victims are real and deserve *something.*
Why are his feet bigger than his tires?
I updated my answer because I knew you weren’t going to let it lie. We’ve caused enough off-topic disruption. If you really want the last word, take it. I’m finished.
You, down the rabbit hole. 

I shouldn’t have to. Those facts pre-existed me.  Use a dictionary and look at the laws that apply to each. You’ll see they’re distinct in both cases. 
There you go. 

By definition (legally and etymologically) it  is not. Now if you’ll excuse me I’m going to eat my dinner - since breakfast, lunch and dinner are all the same. 
The same reason copyright infringement isn’t theft. But let’s not go down that rabbit hole either.
No like today, where there are federal laws that are the standard if no provincial law exists. 
Yeah, he did. He even wrote section 347.1 in the Criminal Code of Canada with his own pen.
I had no luck using it but it's good it's working for some at least. I'll just have to be patient. 
Cool of you to do a give away. Thanks for your consideration. 
It's the least he could do for backing this farce. No good deed goes unpunished. 
Remember when usury was illegal?
Vanity plate on a truck. Asshole confirmed. 
I apologize for my hasty response. You were polite so I take it back. 
A) Canopy Growth (Tweed) is an online dispensary and they're *licensed* and only sell to people with prescriptions.

B) I don't go to dispensaries - I just hear the prices I'm told from people that do. Yes, they can be that cheap but the people I know aren't interested in that type of product. And they can definitely get it cheaper than legal/non-legal dispensary prices. 

Rest assured you will not see those prices for long.

Oh and TML do suck :D


Yup. Shit if I wanted to I could get a half ounce of great quality $120 tax free. I quit smoking years ago, but I still know exactly where to get it. 

Seriously, who’s going to close up shop when this goes live when they stand to make the exact same money they make now or even more?  Risks and supply chain are well established. 

The only people who will buy this shit at these prices are the ones without connections.
I’d pay to *throw out *17,300 movies. What a waste of space.  There are so few movies I’d watch more than once. 
I had no faith in them doing anything right at all. Look at me...right again lol. 
This stuff is going to be $25 a gram in Ontario. At the legal dispensaries it $15-20 plus tax *already*
With hopelessly unskilled labour to boot
If this is true they should pay for it themselves the second time around in places where it’s government funded. 
I can’t remember the last time I was on a train that was on time for arrival. It’s happened I just don’t remember when. I do remember it hasn’t been lately. 
Bad bot. It’s actually 60.96m which according to rules of “math” rounds up to 61m.
He may have been early but he is not a liability anymore. Even when he’s less than a 200ft player he makes up for it as Orr/Coffey caliber offence. 
Bunch of homers. I don’t know how else to describe them that doesn’t insult intelligence. But I want to. 
I don’t like it but you’re realistic and I gotta agree with you. 
I didn’t think it was a big deal but I actually have to learn how to type landscape all over again. And for what? A phone I’m not even going to buy?
One thing is for sure it was fucking lazy to just do it across the board than to cater to those specific devices. 
AFAIC they had this solved in iOS 9 with the iPad. This is a step backwards.
Nothing wrong with BusBuddy, I used it for years. It’s still good and it works well.
I’ve been using third party mobile apps since they opened up the GPS data and have never looked back. Transit is my go to app now. 
Drive Clean. Another way to pick your pockets brought to you by the governments of Ontario. 
No skin off my nose. Organics already don’t go into the trash in my household. I wish they’d go after people who didn’t divert landfill a whole lot more.
These don't make taking a dump at work look too easy. Good thing. It was getting too easy. 
Spigen Liquid Armor
I'm sure someone can try. Personally I can conceive no good reason whatsoever.
That sounds more like "dirty politics," not "cheating." And if that's the case the PQ was just as complicit IMO.

Making more voters eligible does not constitute any type of vote rigging if the voters were eligible and free to choose their own desire. It could have very well blew up in their faces. I'm not aware of any proof that CIC asked immigrants how they would vote as part of their citizenship process. Did it influence the outcome? No doubt from me - but it was not and could not have a guaranteed outcome.

As for the funding Option Canada were ultimately found to have illegally spent about $550K. All 20 of the DSEQ criminal charges were *dismissed* because the Referendum Act overstepped constitutional bounds. It was the law at the time, but found to be a bad one. What a gamble - that paid off.


That's perfectly fair, and you delivered so you deserve at least one upvote.

Yes, I remember what Parizeau said now. How could I forget? I don't have an opinion on the matter, could very well be true.
Wow, he's doing a three year sentence for sexual assault of a woman at the mosque where he was imam. Sounds like a real upright pillar of the community. 

This guy shouldn't even be allowed to run a lemonade stand if he's got those types of boundary and authority issues.
I too would like to know how Canada "cheated." I don't think it was Canada that declared almost 2% of the ballots spoiled, most of which came from 3 predominately federalist ridings.
Agreed. It's purposely disingenuous to foment. 
Very much. And do a whole helluva lot more *discouraging* it too. 
They're such crusaders for the greater good that they need to hide their faces. That pretty much guarantees they're POS.
Ain't that the truth. 
I got coupons for this in the mail multiple times. Not a chance. Why anyone would agree to this I don’t know.
Wireless service? Give it time 😉
Warned how? There's that whole "not deleting" part. These assholes are not as stupid as they lead on. 
I'm still bitter Vegas stole him away from us. But I do have an autographed playoff stick from when we bounced Montreal 2013. He'll always be the mayor. 
Yeah that’s what I’m talking about. WiFi is the same way too. I hate it. 
There were few good things but I think they could have done a lot better. I really don't see much difference as far as stability and performance go between GM and beta 5.

Also, the WiFi and Bluetooth toggles...WTF? And the BT icon is permanently lit up?? Examples of steps backward IMO.
You’ve obviously never met or maybe never heard of Denis Coderre. I’m not disagreeing with you though I just think they’re both guilty and I’m sure it’s obvious that I dislike one more than the other. 
I’d go to this place all of the time. 
No, not his calling of the bluff. For his grandstanding. 
There need to be more beatings at home and at school for some kids. 
This has to be a joke. Yahweh is more into opioids. 
I’m sure general pop will sort them out. 
I don’t really have an opinion on this story but this just shows what a pompous ass Denis Coderre is. Even as an MP he was a pompous little prick. 
If only that "lots of money" for taxi licenses Coderre that is pandering to could have been used for something...
Who QB'd that course of action? What a bunch of idiots. 
It's true.
RIP Slim Goodbody.
This looks good - much better than the first one which I enjoyed. Can't wait to try it. 
That's a lot of money for a lot of swill. 
I prefer the chamfered edges most.
I see this happening: “We reduced carbon emissions by 300 million tonnes” - it can be spread between them but they can all claim credit for the entire amount in their sound bites and make it easier for people to mistake the three for saving 900 million combined. 
If she wants to do good for the province she should retire from politics. 
I think if it was true PIP it would have been used more - like an overlay without shrinking the big picture and not hogging an entire fifth of the screen with a panel. Of course that’s just my opinion.
Can’t fault the advice, I’ll just say nobody should hold their breath, DVR functionality has 6100+ votes and MSFT doesn’t seem to care because it no longer aligns with their vision. 
They're not bad if they're edge to edge IMO. But yeah the gaps on that and the horseshoe home button hole would be untenable for me. 
Paying $200 for a screen replacement changed my tune pretty quick.
Register it and either log the problem on support.apple.com or call them.
There are more than a couple of things I really dislike like about it but overall it's okay. Apple has been making some bad decisions as of late IMO. 
You don't have healthcare *insurance* without a valid OHIP number.  Get a new one or you pay out of your own pocket. You have to go to a Service Ontario with the required ID. They will give you a temporary one until your card arrives. 

Don't leave gaps like that in the future...it raises fraud flags for them.  They're probably going to ask questions. 
I have a Spigen Liquid Armor case and I use it with full edge glass screen protector as the case does not have a lip. I've dropped it a few times, still holding up. It doesn't add much bulk at all. 
Yup. [CVE-2017-5638](https://www.rapid7.com/db/vulnerabilities/apache-struts-cve-2017-5638)
The patch wasn't the only option to fix the problem either, there were also these workarounds ahead of it:
https://struts.apache.org/docs/s2-045.html
https://struts.apache.org/docs/s2-046.html
That's not the security issue this class action is about - that's a separate incident limited to Argentine operations. The timing is great though.

This suit is about US operations which have implications for some Canadians that was caused by a critical vulnerability in Apache Struts that was disclosed and had a remedy in *March.*

I'd consider it negligence. And yes weak credentials are a vulnerability.
You know what, I tried my other BT headset and a BT speaker and remember that "ring overlay" I talked about previously - I decided to try more devices, here are my results:

* Soundpeats Q12 - straight to custom ringtone
* Aukey EP-B62 - Some unidentified tone once, then custom ring tone
* Taotronics TT-SK40 - Marimba once, then custom ringtone
* Some little no-name shower speaker - straight to custom ringtone

So you're on to something. And wow, how obnoxious.
It does suck that *we're* going to have to pay the money back, especially when ours has been wrongly (in my opinion) taken all the while. I'm sure you're right and they'll just find other ways to take it. But I think the long term savings of having no GEA will exceed the payout. Of course that's just a hunch, I have no hard numbers to offer. 

The best we can do is turf the bastards that are to blame for this the next chance we get. So far messages sent have not been received. 
I just tried mine. I definitely get my custom tones and sounds through them after an initial ring overlay the headphones put in.
I will say this, Apple Maps has definitely been improving here in Canada. I'll probably still keep them both for a while - so I can send map links to my droid friends.
Imagine if the person who initiated this is an extremely intelligent cyber security expert, a person with financial means and determination that will not just roll over. I *almost* feel sorry for Equifax - because that's exactly what this person is. 

Oh well they only have themselves to blame and they must pay for their mistake and their piss-poor attempt at restitution.
They even **removed** the airdrop toggles. You have to go into settings to turn it on and off in iOS 11
War Amps. 
Here's to hoping it's denied. 
As long as we don't allow shurikens, Canada will remain safe. 
Best of luck to them, I hope they win. 
If that’s the case I wonder how many times he’s gotten away with it. Must be good enough to risk getting caught twice. 
If they didn’t do that what would they have? Nothing. 

I was told last night by a friend “marner made the sens look like a field hockey team.” I asked which, the 6-2 field hockey team or the 5-2 field hockey team. Still waiting for an answer.

Sadly we’re stuck with VIA’s current “get out and push” trains for the foreseeable future. 
Garbage. Give me numbers over bars any day. 
Ok, maybe I wasn’t as clear as I could have been. I *agree* that differing perspectives is good and an opportunity to learn What I think is bad is trying to silence others because they’re saying something you don’t like and why people seem to want echo chambers. 

For the record that upvote you got is mine 😏
I don't think it's good at all, or why people think it is for that matter. 
Short of a factory reset in your shoes I'd try resetting your network settings. As for Bluetooth I'd forget the device and re-pair. *Maybe* those might sort things out for you without too much pain.  Otherwise I've got nothing. 
It is but as I understand that engineering response your phone is not "*disconnecting and disabling automatic wifi association*" it's just disconnecting. I think you do have a bug.

That description explains what happens in my experience. 
I don’t think it is a feature. I can say mine has definitely never worked that way. Hopefully somebody will be along with a second opinion either way. 
Unfortunately I think TV is almost totally neglected now. I was surprised to see a guide update in the latest beta at all. And they *removed* the jump/page up/down voice controls in the process which is quite crippling to handsfree viewing. 
Concern is all the privacy commissioner can do about it.
It’s obviously a bug. Or at least this is how it always worked for me in all betas so up until now. Maybe mine is the bug? Still, I hate it. 
Runs just fine on my phone. So I'd say no.
Must say I'm not a fan. I liked it better when it turned the radio off. 
It doesn't (re)connect to anything as long as the toggle is off.
I take it you've tried clearing the guide data already to force a re-download?

I had one of my channels get rebranded in the guide and get the logo taken away even though the channel itself didn't change its name. 
Glad to help, done! Good luck with your marks!
...and it won’t make a lick of difference because majority governments answer to no one but themselves between elections.
I still can’t do app reviews though. 
WTF
I've noticed this also, no page up and page down command on home page and other places or in the one guide. Makes multiple screens of data impossible without a manual input. Hopefully just oversight to be corrected. I logged a report for the one guide at least. 
Me too - I'm just cynical people would wake up any time soon. Maybe Apple thinks that by making it this expensive they can offset the selling of less units. We'll see if that happens in time.

The only way I see me getting this phone is when it's on the "SE" part its life-cycle. It's the principle - I can afford it - but I can get a  lot of other things for that $1490 or $1717CDN that are actually far more useful to me. I know I don't speak for everybody but I'm definitely far from the only person who feels this way. I'm voting with my wallet - and it's saying "No."

The TML Stanley Cup Parade planning committee?

Oh, that too!
Yup, I'd say that happens more often than not in the iPhone's history, which is exactly why I'm still breathing.
I agree completely also. I hope Apple really takes a knock for this one, but I'm not holding my breath.
If LCD and plasma taught me anything it's that there's a sweet spot for display technology and OLED isn't there yet IMO.
Of course you're wholly correct.
If I were to hazard a *guess* they've been trying to figure out Touch ID under glass and didn't have enough time before Wall St. tore their shares a new asshole that they decided they fell back on their AR research and went forward with what you see.

We'll see Touch ID  again IMO.
Anybody have an idea what those two new features are? Speculation welcome. 
It is indeed. I actually have 3 functions to choose from for my tv “power toggle,” “power on” & “power off.” I think it’s a matter of maybe sending the power on too fast for the tv after it shuts down. My issue is the pointless shutdown for a *restart* in the first place. It’s lazy programming. 

I can’t remember if my vizio does it or not.  I’ll have to try it out. 
That’s my guess too. Marketing!
I’m aware of that. And instead of leaving peripheral devices *alone* for a restart, it sends power off commands to them. 
I’d like a restart not to send an “off” to my tv and then never turn it back on again 
What's that carton sealed with? Honest question. 

It's common for cartons to go into a municipal recycling program's plastic and not the paper.
Of course the rumours may just be false. Otherwise Apple hasn't been able to smell their own farts for years now.
• Are you sterile, and if not do you think you could you be convinced that it's in the best interests of the human gene pool?
If true not surprising at all. 
With 7 months experience? Not impossible but an uphill battle IMO. Never hurts to try. Go for it! But apply for a change to your student visa now so you're ready sooner rather than later.  Every posting has the condition that you are "legally entitled to work in Canada." You won't even be considered if you're not, even if it's "in progress."
Let's breed unicorns and rainbows and make NAFTA pay for it. 
Funny how quickly we forget the Beothuks and who did what to them. 
I'm going to need a really compelling reason to upgrade this round. It's still a perfectly good phone. Gone are the days where I need the newest phone ASAP. They're just not that special anymore.
It takes that long because assholes spoiled that by gaming the system and having marriages of convenience. The wait is literally to see how serious they are and to discourage that type of thing.
If they really couldn't wait to be together I'm sure immigration from Canada to Nigeria is like taking a number at the grocery meat counter. 
Only 3.5mm CTIA compatible headsets will work. Otherwise you'll need to buy a converter. 

If they don't say they work with Xbox One they still might, otherwise the mic won't work. 
I gotta tell ya I've used 52 minutes of local calls in the past 8 months and around 20 of those were lending someone my phone. It's all about messaging and data for me, both of which I do a lot. 

That said I think I'm going to skip this round since I can do those just fine. That is unless I get my socks knocked off. But I've seen the leaks already and I'm not counting on it. 
3-0 then losing 4-3? They play like the vets.

Yeah this guy would probably lick Nick Kypreos' jock strap. 
There would probably be Stanley Cup parade dates circled on calendars across the GTA
What is this sorcery?
Telling the OLP not to make mistakes is like telling a fat kid not to eat the cake before leaving for the day. They're so out of touch it's crazy.
Indeed, all valid points and worth noting. 
Shareholders seem to think so. 
Nobody’s innnocent. 
Yup. 
Not condoning his behaviour but Disney sure as hell isn't squeaky clean either.
That's worth at least one upvote. 

Don't forget these are the same assholes that took public transit deductions away from the elderly. 
(S)He means this https://s26.postimg.org/ynwz3t7jd/IMG_0011.jpg
It's easy to get them confused. The only way I'm aware of is Siri. 
That's a calendar event not a reminder.
Still useful though. I think the 7 and the 7+ look ridiculous side-by-side. This looks like a nice in-between. 
Good catch! Well I guess I’d win the bet if anyone actually took it. 
I'm inclined to agree - and of course not everybody will. But I don't broadcast *at all*. I might watch broadcasts a few times a year. I understand they're promoting it but I could do just fine with it being relegated to the "apps" drawer.
How much you wanna bet this infrastructure component is outsourced? Web hosting is one of the first things to go. People screw up more when they don't actually give a shit.
Phew. My Ph.D. in Water Witching and Divining is still valid.
I was going to say something to same effect. If the subject is made up, does the fact that the degree is too really matter that much?
If only others were this progressive. Don't just float it - ride it.
From what I can tell those are OMTP based on a cursory check. Get an 3.5mm [OMTP -> CTIA adapter](https://www.google.ca/search?dcr=0&q=omtp+to+ctia+adapter&oq=omtp+to+ci&gs_l=psy-ab.3.0.0i22i10i30k1.6003.7590.0.8558.10.10.0.0.0.0.214.1501.0j9j1.10.0....0...1.1.64.psy-ab..0.10.1494...0j35i39k1j0i131k1j0i20k1j0i10k1.t1YzBbBtUA4) and it should work fine. They're so cheap you don't have much to lose.

Edit: changed link, Amazon selection sucked. Among other things.


Sounds like a NAT issue. Your landlord needs your router looked at somebody who knows what they're doing. If that's the ISP so be it. Otherwise if uPnP is turned off you'll need either to get your Xbox a DHCP reservation and then either punch holes in the firewall (port details on Xbox support website) or put the Xbox in the DMZ - the latter I do not recommend from a best practices standpoint. 
That feature only works with headphones as far as I can tell, which is GND|R|L. Your headphones are either CTIA (which is compatible) or OMTP (which are not compatible) and are MIC|GND|R|L and GND|MIC|R|L respectively. Your controller detects the insulator between your MIC and GND controller contacts so it knows they're not headphones.

If you **know** your mic is not faulty what you can do is get an OMTP to CTIA converter.  It'll get the headphones you paid good money for working as a proper gaming headset on your console. 

You're welcome. 

Yeah, surprisingly didn't take me long to think to try it but it's a bit of an odd one. I'm sure they'll clean up the error handling in the app. Now that I think about it I'm in the insider program; I will file a bug report. 
What's with the Colombian cartel pinky nails?
Make sure you're not set to "Appear Offline." That was my problem for this exact thing. 
A surprise to no one. 
This whole industry seems rotten to the core.
Believe it or not this was a thing at my school in fourth grade for about a week.
I recall using iExplorer to mount the app on my Mac from one device and dumping it in my iTunes app folder then synching it to the other. Was. While ago, should still work methinks. 
I actually have one of these and I tried it just for kicks. The answer is no - it doesn't work.
I agree but it's clearly not going to happen. And the marijuana black market is well established and not going anywhere. The OLP will keep it lucrative. They'll get too greedy and they're *already* stupid.
And it's a booming black market too.
Best thing you can do is not count on being in the first fulfillment pool. If you're asking if you'll have to wait for your order to ship I'd say the chances of that are much better than not. It's going to be a lottery for the iPhone X. 
If you look at the pattern on the back it's not two-headed. These appear to be two snakes conjoined. 
Enjoy your "fair" stumpage fees. 
This was proven when Ontario dropped the cost of pack to <$4 I the early 90s to stamp out the black market which they did quite effectively. As the prices have crept back up that market crept back in practically in lockstep.
>Only “sporadic” workers are paid in cash by a payday lender, he said, because “it is impossible to calculate proper deductions.”

Can somebody explain this to me? Because it sounds like bullshit.
I’d say it’s a definite improvement. The amount of customization they’ve added are a few steps in the right direction. Overall I give it 👍🏻. My insider hub ratings have been favourable also. 
They might finally succeed to get me to switch to bing!
Co-sign. I even looked in “Ease of Access” - old high contrast black only. A bit disappointing but oh well. 
Great news. I was just checking for an update on this just a couple of hours ago. Nice coincidence.
Use platform mechanisms also. At least for Xbox they’d get comm banned if enough people do it. 
I’ll second this even though I’ve given up on them delivering it almost completely. 
[Yeah, thanks Microsoft. ](https://i.imgur.com/iupkIuf.jpg) 
Chicken gimbal
I get $0 grant money and I create and sustain jobs. Ask my bartenders. 
Sugar daddy will buy her a new one. 
If “Games I’ll never play” were a Jeopardy category I’m not sure if they’d be on the high or low $ end, but they’d definitely all be in it.
I’m aware. Still better odds than the (1) prize odds. 
I was hoping for Recore. Oh well.
I'm sure the usual suspects will disregard any such ban and deny their existence as long as they can.
It's probably installing a console update that includes a forced restart. Pay attention to your updates. Note your OS build number in settings/console info now and when it does it again see if it has been incremented. If so you found your ghost.
I delayed grocery shopping and mowing the lawn for this.
What an eyesore. I have nothing green, brown and 8-bit in my entire house. 
I was. Went to home screen and killed the app. Restarted and everything is good now. 
Yep I agree and I should have given some honey with that vinegar. I do like the layout and search is excellent now with the Xbox one app. Way more settings options too. 

Maybe we'll get a fix for voice controls. That's really the only fault I've found.  It's good to see they're still supporting the platform at least. 
There are voice controls now but they're totally useless. I can get into my queue with them show labels and not only are they all over the place none get recognized. 
Agreed and if the deals are worth their salt I’ll be inclined to check often.
That's a thing? Damn I don't blame you.
Stupidity like this is worth a beating. 

I hope his skateboard insurance covers collision /s
Cases like this are when I'd buy another controller and return the broken one within the warranty period for a refund. No shipping, no waiting. I avoid contacting support for anything any time I can. 
Ditch the grey and go all transparent. Otherwise yes please. 
That's a good one lol
An example of excellent breeding right there. Certainly man's best friend. 
Please post your address so my dog and I can come visit unannounced, on a regular basis. It's an English mastiff so you'll have to guess which one of us did it.
How is your cat's impulse control? You're responsible for everything that cat does. You're not only its owner when it's at home.

Cats that hang out around my house found themselves at humane society more than once. I pay them to pick them up, you pay them to get them out. They like to piss my cat off and/or leave presents for him, which pisses me off. 