Dead on. You'd basically just be overpaying for APs that have an extra radio sitting dead if you go with a mesh system and bypass the "mesh" bit.
I would replace the router. I can't tell you where the best place to put it is because that's going to be entirely dependant on your environment. You'll just have to try different locations and see what works.
Bad enough that it was downvoted and you deleted it. If you delete it, how is anyone supposed to defend your position?
Do a TCP test. UDP is unacknowledged. You could dump packets into a black hole at 10Gbps and from your end, nothing's wrong with that. Have you looked at the printout on the server side at the same time? I've used iperf across some links that definitely aren't capable of what I've seen some erroneous outliers suggest.
As long as it's not split so many times that attenuation on the line becomes a problem (and obviously that coax has to be connected, that's not always the case if it's unused), then it's fine to move it.
Hilarious. Give bad information, don't own up to it, get defensive, then throw insults. I don't think you'll be missed.
You deleted your comments because you got some downvotes? You're not going to last long around here kid.
I'll go against the grain here, apparently. I don't think doing fiber runs in your house is a bad idea. It'll probably never be obsolete and should handle more bandwidth you'll ever use. It's not significantly more expensive than copper, despite what most people think. Specifically as uplinks between switches, it's a great idea. You could also use it for end hosts like a desktop or a NAS which you could throw an SFP NIC in. The only real issue is with devices that you won't find with SFO BICs (TVs, game consoles, misc embedded garbage), but that's why I say use it as the uplink between switches. You can have a 1/10/whatever Gbps link between your switches on fiber then copper patches those devices. No need to do multiple runs to a location to make sure you'll have enough bandwidth there when you run fiber which could support more bandwidth than you'll ever need. 

The important thing there is I mentioned switches with fiber. If you ever need a router to route speeds beyond what your copper can support, well, we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. Maybe if you're building a pfSense router, throw an SFP NIC in there for shits and giggles, but you've graduated on from using a router with a built in switch here. Don't worry about what interface your router has for this setup other than making sure you can connect it to your switch. Your intranet will have sections of fiber, but it doesn't have to be fiber all the way out.
APs are like $60 and you don't need a POE switch to power them. I understand that running Ethernet might be beyond someone's means, but you can make that point without the rest of the hyperbole.
Then your problem is likely not enough airtime on that old ass 2.4GHz only router. 2.4GHz is ready to die. I only use it on my internet of things network for legacy stuff. My main network is 5GHz only.
2x2 SU-MIMO.
I had a hell of a time replacing a mobo from Asus once, but they make some damn good mobos which makes them hard to just completely write off.
I didn't say it didn't exist anywhere, I said it's almost unheard of.
I have never had symmetrical service. I've never known anyone with symmetrical service.
If MU-MIMO would reduce airtime by smashing two MU-MIMO clients into a single timeslot, that would be leave one more timeslot for everything else. That's a big if because it never seems to actually work in the real world.
Symmetric service is almost unheard of in the US.
I'm not saying that at all. It could be completely impossible to solve the issue here with an AP where it is now. You can't magically get through environmental issues.
MU-MIMO doesn't. A device without MU-MIMO doesn't have a concept of sharing at the same time as other clients.
Yes, it'll help. But your router is extremely outdated which is why I suggested replacing it as well. It's a 2x2 2.4GHz only device. That's ready to be replaced.
Your router is also an AP. That's the AP you have now.
If one AP is not covering you right now, it's unlikely a different single AP is going to do better. Being a lot better of an AP (5GHz, more radios, newer standard) will help, but if the problem is that you can't penetrate building materials, your options are add APs to either side of said building materials or remove the building materials. There's not a magic radio that can penetrate all materials. That's like asking for glasses that let you see through a wall.
>Newer hardware tends to be more power efficient so sometimes spending a couple hundred more upfront might save you a couple hundred each year vs an older potentially more power hungry solution.

If you're paying dollars per kWHr maybe. The US average is like 12 cents per kWHr. To save $200 a year, you'd need to shave off 1.7MWHr. You'd have to lower your usage by about 200W (man, that worked out nice, a watt of draw ends up costing about a buck a year).
No, I mean what you're getting at the physical layer. I haven't used an iPhone in a decade so I don't know how to view it on that (or if you can, Apple likes to hide shit), but some more information like link rate, signal strength, and frequency/channel would be helpful.
Depends on what you do. I'd kill to upgrade from 100Mbps to 400Mbps and I don't have to share with anyone. If that jump also comes with a jump to upload, I'd be on the horn with my ISP right the fuck now. 

If you're just browsing Facebook, no, you won't notice a difference.
What link are you getting with the Rukus?
I'll offer an alternative (just trying to keep things even). TP-Link EAP line of APs. With Ethernet out in the shop, all you need is to add an AP.
>Dual band is the lesser of the benefits, 802.11ac is where the gold is. 

AC is 5GHz only, so unless his single band devices are 5GHz only and he's just not using them on WiFi right now, N is he best he's going to do anyway.
I would replace that seriously out of date router *and* add an AP where you were proposing.
Are you saying you get a link speed of 140Mbps to the Rukus? 50-60 Mbps isn't unreasonable for a 140Mbps link. What are you testing with?
The three DOCSIS 3.1 modems out there all use the exact same chipset and came out at roughly the same time. There's likely very little difference between them.
Or I know how to properly cook a steak.
Assuming they will need to be connected to the network, you'll need at least RPi 0 WiFis which are like $10. I'd go for real RPis and wire them into the network though.
RPis are pretty cheap and this is actually one of the rare situations where they kinda make sense, at least the way I was thinking of it.

If you don't actually want to change the workflow and you just want to condense five computers down to one, it'll probably be pricey. Nvidia has some digital signage GPUs, but they get pretty fucking expensive.
> So if I delete a file from my backup drive, it isn't a backup?
> 
> Truly, you have a dizzying intellect.

Pot, meet kettle...

I guess I needed to be excruciatingly detailed in that very simple example for you to follow along. That or you're just stubborn, not a blatant idiot, in which case explaining it to you wouldn't do any good anyway, so I'll leave it.
This is a fun one.

One is the "day to day" use that needs to be simplified? Are people just dragging and dropping some new pictures into the slideshow? I'm thinking an RPi stuck to each TV and either a share hosted on each or a share hosted somewhere else that they pull from. Then all anyone would have to do to update it is update what's in that share from somewhere else on the network. What I'm not sure on is what I'd use for the slideshow, specifically, but it couldn't be hard to find something that would just display whatever is in a folder you point it to. If not that, then a simple script that checks for changes and restarts the slideshow when it finds them would be dead simple too.
Why the fuck are you putting anything on a delicious steak?
No I completely agree, I was just pointing out that if you're after the controller, then you aren't forced to use Ubiquiti. 
There isn't no benefit, there's little benefit. You see that as not worth $30. I see $30 as not worth worrying about. If I was building to a very strict, low budget, sure, but at these prices, the price is going to change $30 depending on the day of the week you order. That's not something I'll lose sleep over.

I just said what my use case was. When it comes to gaming, 3440x1440 at 120fps.
> Why can't a RAID array be one of your three copies of the data using the 3-2-1 backup strategy?

Because it's not a backup. The quick and dirty benchmark I ask people is if you delete a file right now, does it still exist on your "backup?" If the answer is no, as it is with RAID, then it's not a backup.

>plus you have issues like Meltdown and Spectre exposing your data to other processes on the same machine so you really have to be careful about which online backup service you use.

If you're not encrypting your backups that touch the internet, you're an idiot and I have no sympathy for you.
Cat7 is not a recognized standard for Ethernet. As soon as you terminate it with RJ45, it's Cat6a at best, probably Cat6.

Gigabit and higher **require** auto MDI-X, and anything that doesn't support it is so out of date it's not worth connecting to a network anyway.
It also does have a controller, if that's your thing. I could see how that would be handy if you hand a few APs. I'm running it to see if any of the logs or stats are interesting (unlikely given how little I use WiFi), but for just a single AP, just using the web UI on the AP is plenty, so I guess that's a good selling point.
Sounds like a really good time for a pfSense build. Not sure why you're trying to shoehorn so many devices into a single box and expect it to tick every one of your niche boxes. pfSense for the router which will also handle all your failover and policy based routing for your VPN, a switch to wire up everything you need, and an AP for your wifi, including the VPN SSID if that's how you want to control that instead of (or in addition to) some more granular firewall policies.
Yes, one of those landlords I always recommend people stay away from. How are you segregating everyone on the network? What are you doing to protect those on your network? What are you doing to ensure everyone has their fair share? 

My bet is the answer to all of those is "fuck all."
Ah, so you're one of *those* landlords.
$30 just isn't something that matters to me. It's not like I'd have to sacrifice somewhere else in the build to afford that $30.

I'm pretty sure we're just looking at completely different market segments here. I'd benefit from both high end CPUs and GPUs. Even if I only consider my gaming usage, I'm looking to drive 3440x1440 at 120Hz. A 2600 or 8600 are both not going to cut it there. 

PCIe 4.0 isn't anything to get excited about. At least not in the sense of x16 being some limit for us right now. It's more interesting, I think, for more high speed storage using fewer lanes. I'm still using PCIe 2.0 on my main desktop.
$30 doesn't concern me. It's just not something I would give a single fuck about when building. And I'd be looking at the 2700 vs 2700X so the price difference is only 10%.

And to be honest, I'm having a hard time pulling to trigger on an AMD build right now. As much as I want to go with AMD, I think Intel would still hold the edge. I'm not in any hurry because I'm still waiting on GPUs, so I'll just wait it out. I hope to see some better benchmarking with proper patches for Spectre and Meltdown.
A 100Mbps NIC will only get you about 90ish Mbps of actual throughput. There's a bit of overhead there. I get 100Mbos from my ISP but it's more like 120Mbps of actual throughput.

If you're talking about your router, don't get one with 100Mbps ports. Gigabit has been common for over a decade.
You don't need to use your own modem to use your own router. Get Spectrum to supply you with a regular modem and get your own router.
I personally use pfSense. You can roll your own or buy an appliance from Netgate. There are also offerings from brands like Mikrotik and Ubiquiti which are a healthy step above your average consumer stuff. And you can even go and get used Cisco and similar gear on eBay if you want to go all out, but that's a bit excessive for a home environment.
>First of all... That's aggregate speed. The Antenna can support 450Mbps upload AND download concurrently. You will see 225/225

I think this is misleading people. First of all, that 450Mbps is link speed. That's how much data is going across at the physical layer. Layer 2 adds some not insignificant overhead. That's why you never get your link rate in actual throughput (it's about 10% overhead for 802.3 and 40% for 802.11, beat cases). Secondly, you don't have to split that throughput in half for upload and download. If you needed throughput primarily in one direction, that's fine, and that leaves more throughput in the other direction if needed. A 90/10 is perfectly fine. Hell, if you're using unacknowledged services (UDP), you can get pretty close to just sending shit in one direction. That doesn't mean you'll be capped at 225 in that direction with a lot of dead airtime in the other direction.

They do have some full duplex radios in their "air fiber" line that would work more similar to what you described though. I don't know if they quote full duplex speeds or if they add them together. One would hope the former but I honestly haven't looked at them (and I hope I'm never I a situation where I need to rely on high speed wireless links...).
It still has an IP. Looking in your DHCP lease list on your router (assuming the AP is using DHCP) is probably the most simple way for you to find it. You could also scan for hosts using nmap (this will find it if you gave it an IP and forgot, unlike looking in the table of leases on your DHCP server). After you find it, you'd should either give it a static IP or assign it a reserved lease on your DHCP server so you can always find it.
I can tell you to fuck right off for all kinds of reasons. Top of my list right now is because you're come back days later to bitch about this still.
Fuck no. And just like I don't want to deal with them in real life, I don't want to deal with them on here.
On the other hand, it's a thirty fucking dollar difference. Who gives a shit at that point? I'd buy the X and be done with it.
Stop buying garbage Belkin/Linksys/Foxconn shit and you'll have good experiences as well. Hell, if you're in /r/hardware you're probably capable enough to handle a big boy router instead of that shit they sell your mom at Best Buy. 

Apple's networking gear really wasn't that good. Especially when it came with WiFi which, let's face it, is all the typical user really uses.
Hey man, if it hurts that bad to admit you were wrong, I'll let you off the hook.
I didn't misquote you. You literally said, and I'm fucking quoting here:

>Look into RAID storage?

Fat lot of good that does him.
Do you always give people irrelevant topics to research when they ask for help?
>Never say never.  Currently this statement is true.

And will continue to be true. Cat8 is the next standard. It's already ratified for 40Gbps. I'd be surprised if we stuck with twisted pair copper much beyond that. The power demands are ridiculous for a BASE-T NIC at those speeds. Fiber is much superior.
Looks like a standard half-ass job to me. Particularly the mess they made of your insulation.
He asked for a backup solution and you said "look into RAID." What the fuck do you think he's going to get from that? That RAID is a backup. If that's not what you meant, like you now claim, you should learn to pick your words better and say what you mean.
I'd say you're least likely to lose an online backup. Or at least you'll get notice if the service is going down and you'll be able to migrate (see Crashplan). Or you could host your own server somewhere off-site (friend or family member's house).

No, RAID is not a backup for hardware failure. It's right in the name: **redundancy.** You could still lose the entire array to a number of hardware failures. What do you do if you have a power surge or your PSU fails catastrophically or you have a fire or flood at your house? The entire array can be destroyed by a single failure. RAID is not backup. That's an R not a B.
So you suggest RAID which is not a backup and another device to lose or break? He's obviously fishing for someone to tell him to use an online service. The right answer is to have multiple backup including off-site (which can be online if you want).
I would assume that the worry is for any form of data loss since he only has one copy. I doubt he'll feel any better about losing his treasured data to malware or accidental deletion or a house fire. How the data is lost is of little consequence. Might as well offer a solution that not only protects against some hardware issues (like RAID) but all hardware issues as well as all other forms of data loss (a backup).
I figured it would be stable-ish by now, hence the quotes around experimental. I was looking at it back on Sever 2012 SP2 but decided against it and vowed to replace Windows rather than upgrading to 2016 when that time finally comes.
RAID isn't for protecting against data loss, it's for keeping you going through certain hardware failures. Big difference.
NTFS is still default. I don't even know if Windows 10 has support for ReFS yet. It's been an "experimental" FS on the Server versions for a little while now, but I wasn't aware anyone was willing to risk using it. I thought about it for a second a few years ago, figured I'd probably run into a compatibility issue down to the road (it is MS after all), and instead stuck with NTFS on my Windows server.
>I didn't want to lease one through Sprectrum so I bought this one on a budget

Spectrum doesn't have a modem lease fee, so you might as well just get a free one from them.

>also, faster more reliable connection for my PS4.

You want wired, especially for the PS4. I do t know if later models ever improved on it, but the PS4 is notorious for its terrible wireless NIC.

I had a CM600 for a little while with Spectrum and it worked fine. I've never really had a problem with any modem though. Another ISP couldn't get the same modem to sync, but I blame that cockstain of an ISP, not the modem. 

I have no experience with that router so I'll leave that to someone else. I've been out of the consumer router game for awhile.
No, I just meant if he's already going through the trouble of digging a trench to run power out there, might as well throw some fiber in the same hole.

Finer would be wired into whatever you were going to connect your other solutions to. I assumed you were piggybacking off his network. If you were expecting to magically get connected with an ISP, then this changes things. You'll need to work with whatever ISP services the area.
I'm not offended. I couldn't give less of a fuck. I was answering your question.
Powerline hardly works within a house. It **will not** work over a km of wire.

If he's laying copper for electricity, you could lay fiber at the same time. Probably some local codes to consider in this case, so check into that. If not that, then point to point wireless is your only other option.
Because you got answers you didn't like? Changing your IP is 1) up to your ISP and 2) meaningless. Just as everyone has said.
NV, AMD, and Intel all have hardware encoders for h264 and basically everything in the world has a decoder for h264, so that's what's used. Even the NV shield, which does something similar but only with NV cards, uses NVENC. The Shield has a gig NIC and the hardware to decode at least 140Mbps h265 and 250Mbps h264 (but not 400Mbps h265, I just tested). The problem is going to be encode side for real-time streaming. Encoding is harder than decoding. 

BD is about 40Mbps on the high side, total bitrate. With lossless 7.1 or Atmos, a good bit of that throughput is audio as well. About 30Mbps is a good, conservative estimate of typical BD video bitrate. That's also about what the Steam Link streams at by default. The Steam Link is limited to 1080 as well, so really that's about fair for a bitrate target. The only problem really is that these hardware encoders don't produce the best results.
You can have "tri-band" nodes which use two separate 5GHz bands. These do not interfere with themselves.
Which is best depends on how you use your network. Either will work though.
No, you encode/decode in hardware on either end. It's fast but doesn't look the greatest. You have to remember that most people are going to slap the thing on wifi and bitch about how their network can't handle it and blame the device. Plus, 1920x1080/60 is about 3Gbps so compression is necessary.
You don't need gigabit for video. The SoC in the Steam Link is the same (or very similar) to the original RPi. It couldn't decide any video anywhere near 100Mbps let alone higher than that. And for game streaming, the encode side would struggle to encode much over 100Mbps.
> I won't begrudge the guy some booze.

You just said the guy was an asshole. I wouldn't put up with it.

>Guess what an common administration task is? Blocking services and ports.

As well as deciding what should and shouldn't be allowed.

>Then just don't fucking post.

I don't see you offering help. You're bitching and moaning at everyone in here. 

>If the only question you want to answer is how do I fix WiFi interference and jerk off to pictures of dogshit Nighthawks and boast about antenna size be my guest, just don't pretend you are doing anything but projecting your morality and ethical code of fucking conduct on to everyone else. 

Hilarious. 

>Just fucking abstain from the converstation.

Still haven't gotten around to helping OP yet, have you?

>/u/EragusTrenzalore Go in to your router, then click on Advanced > Security > Block Services. [Based on this link](http://fortnitehelp.epicgames.com/customer/en/portal/articles/2443365-network-connectivity-troubleshooting) Fortnight uses ports 80, 443, and 5222. If you add port 80, you will block all http traffic, so probably don't add that. 443 will block all https traffic, probably don't do that either. Do add port 5222, TCP and UDP. Judging off that link, note that this port is probably used by multiple games running on the UE4 engine, so yeah, that should do you.

And there you go, you finally did it. All of this bitching about people not offering help you finally figured out how to Google the problem and offer a (shit) fix.
>You assumed OP's intentions and got on a soapbox.

No, I asked. See those question marks? You're welcome to convince me you have a legitimate reason for blocking a single game. I didn't tell them what to do or what not to do. I asked why and said I wouldn't be interested in helping if it's for those reasons. 

Like I said, you're welcome to help him, I'm not stopping you. I'm saying I will not help him fuck with someone else, and most others here won't either. 

You have a shit roommate. You know how you fix that? Don't live with cunts. I've lived with people and I've never had to turn shit off or limit internet connection or anything. Because I'm adult and only lived with other adults that could treat each other with respect.
Hey, if you wanna help him, go ahead. I'd say the comment scores here show where the majority of this sub stands on the issue.
And this one drive would be one of those.
Is this a roommate feud? Lazy parenting? We usually don't have much interest in helping people piss other people off for no good reason.
100Mbps devices can still support MDI-X. I have a couple RPis, a Steam Link, hell even a new (year or two old) laptop all with 100Mbos NICs, but they still all support MDI-X. It's mandatory for gigabit, but "modern" 100Mbos NICs also support it.
Someone will be cursing you in the future when they find what you've done, but it'll work for anything that supports Auto MDI-X, which is everything worth using.
I don't think the other posts were quite clear enough.

**FUCK NO**
>The other problem with using the same SSID is that if you start off connected to 2.4 GHz and you move closer to the gateway, most devices won't automatically switch to 5 GHz.

This is also a problem when using different SSIDs. Devices are even less likely to jump to a different SSID. Some will hold on for dear life so unless you like to manually toggle between SSIDs as you move around, having them separate can actually be worse. 

Personally, I just use 5GHz (at least for my main network). If I couldn't get 5GHz everywhere, I'd add APs until I did. 2.4GHz is dead on my main network and only used on my IoT network for legacy support.
>The primary reason you'd want to use it would be IPv6 masquerading. This would allow you to randomize internal client  public addresses on the WAN side to prevent device tracking. Some devices will generate their addresses by taking the assigned prefix and then appending their MAC address. That exposed a lot of information that you might not want to leak.

No, no, no, no, no. Stop treating NAT as some privacy thing. It's a fucking hack to make our small number of addresses last a little bit longer. [RFC4941](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4941) covers IPv6 privacy extensions and it doesn't involve NAT.
I'm looking out for you. Blindly forwarding a huge range of ports is a security concern.
What speed are you expecting between the two nodes? You just say "fast" but there are people here who think the 40Mbps they get across their powerline adapters "fast." Safe to assume there would be streaming between the NAS on one side and the TV on the other?
What a great way to drive away potential customers!
Chromecasts broadcast their name as an SSID if they need to be set up. But you're probably on the right track.
I didn't say I wasn't an asshole. 

But this is another one of those people problems that someone wants us to solve with a technology bandaid.

And really the only reason I didn't want to "be that guy" is because I knew I'd get replies eventually that bitch and moan about not dealing with the porblem asked or staying out of the family problems or "you don't understand what it's like to have kids" or whatever. But really, this is less of a networking issue and more of a kids issue, and no one in here wants to deal with someone else's kids.
The modem has no concept of different destinations. It just converts between Ethernet and DOCSIS and sends to and from a single node. It's a very simple one to one layer 2 device.
You shouldn't have to forward any really. And just a blind range of ports is stupid. Opening ports is the "we can't be fucked to fix it" solution.
Opening a range of 1000 ports for a game is absolutely ludicrous.
I don't want to be that guy but, maybe teach your kids to respect you? Don't do the chores, you don't lose the WiFi password, you lose all your shit that would use WiFi in the first place. 

>but it can be a royal pain in the fanny

A pain in the cunt indeed...
If you're putting the AP in the same place as the router, it won't help you out any.

If I had gigabit, I'd be damn fucking sure I could router at line speed.
The N66U can't even route at gigabit speeds. The C7 comes pretty close.

WiFi will be much better assuming your clients are AC.

I don't see why you wouldn't upgrade.
Sure it is. It's also completely unenforceable and, to anyone with an ounce of sense, morally fine. Renting something then making a copy that you keep is obviously something different. That's not just breaking drm so you can actually watch something you own, that's stealing something.
Definitely don't buy one, but there's nothing wrong with it (besides being EoL).
>So stopping companies tracking you involves parsing tor\-browser through a trusted third\-party VPN/Proxy?

No, it's not a matter of the connection. Just loading the content on a site starts tracking you. Shit like little cookies leave breadcrumbs for others to find. And when you load one site you're not loading content from just one provider. You're hitting dozens. Any one of those could snoop on you. If you want to *try* to hide on the internet, it takes more than just obscuring your IP.

>How about viewing my design from a security standpoint? Is site\-to\-site VPN the most secure way to access files from House 1 to House 2?

Yes, that's the way to go.
Holy shit, as if your "piracy" argument wasn't pedantic enough...
You and everyone else here knows damn well what piracy means. Changing the name of it does absolutely nothing. Call it whatever you want. When anyone says piracy, they know what the fuck you're talking about.
Cute. 

Digital piracy. Copyright violation. Stealing. Call it what you like, we all know what "Linux ISOs" means.
Your modem has nothing to do with anything upstream of the connection between your local network and the node upstream of you. Any variance in speed tests that tested to different servers was a coincidence.
>Maintaining a whitelist as you say, may very well be impossible. Perhaps I should design some way of switching between "Privacy mode" and "Gaming mode" where Gaming mode essentially just turns off the routing through the VPN.

The only realistic way to do this is on a per device basis. Device A is used for gaming, don't send it through the VPN. Device B is used for something you're trying to hide from your ISP, send it through the VPN.

Tracking you on the internet involves much more than your IP. Your IP is actually not all that value to anyone. Your IP isn't **you,** it's your network. People want to track **you** more than they want to track your network. So they're already not worried about IPs because people move from network to network and device to device. Think about how people mostly connect to the internet these days. It's with that little thing in their pocket that is constantly jumping around networks. Even while on mobile data, your phone is frequently getting a different IP. And hell, sometimes it's even behind CGNAT so there are already multiple, completely unrelated people sharing the same public IP. The IP alone is pretty much useless in this case. In fact, that case is somewhat similar to you using a VPN service from an anonymity view.

You're also routing all your traffic through a different third party. How can you trust them? 

If you're looking to hide your piracy from your ISP, sure, it'll stop someone seeing your IP seeding something and telling your ISP to bitch you out. And it'll protect you somewhat (as much as you can trust the provider) if you connect to an unsecured connection (like public WiFi) by at least giving you some encryption across an unencrypted wireless link. And it should obscure your location to services that geoblock. Beyond that, it doesn't really hide you online as much as you're hoping.
It's certainly not up to snuff with the latest, but it's hardly trash. It's a 3x3 802.11n device. I have one running as an AP for my Internet of Shit subnet and it's way overkill for that. Until very recently it was my main AP as well. I wouldn't buy one today because it's outdated and EoL (even Merlin stopped updating it, which is why I ditched it for my main network).
>Does your Pi have a static IP or lease reservation for 10.0.0.138? That's sort of an unusual IP address for a reservation or static - most people choose a low or even number (like .10, .50, etc.) to make it easy to remember, and it should be something outside the DHCP range

You can make it anything you want. I have the whole lower half of my subnet set aside for reservations and broken into chunks so like devices are together. I could pretty easily end up on xx8 if I was throwing together a bunch of VMs for tinkering with something like this. Once you have more than a few devices, it's time to abandon remembering IPs for everything and run a DNS. I know the IPs of some more important devices (router, server, and APs) but beyond that, it's all name based.
Maintaining that whitelist for game traffic to bypass your VPN is going to be basically impossible. On top of that, many games are peer to peer meaning it will literally be impossible to know the IP you'll be connecting to ahead of time. 

Using a VPN service doesn't protect your data in any meaningful way. It hides the true destination of it as well as any other unencrypted data **from your ISP,** but that's it. It's still in the clear out in the internet at some point. 

Also, this doesn't really change anything with your plan, but you won't be using NAT to decide what data is sent through the VPN. That's called policy based routing. Your firewall rules will determine which interface to send each packet to.
There are three broad categories your rip could fall into. 

The first is a disc image. It's a 1:1, bit for bit copy of the entire disc. This is pretty self-explanatory.  
The next is a remux. You take just what you want, without touching the contents, and put it in a more convenient format. You know those big instruction booklets that have multiple languages one after another? Remuxing is just chopping out the English section and putting it in a handier binder. This is very quick to do and you get an exact, perfect copy of just what you want and you ditch the rest that you'll never look at anyway.  
The last is re-encoding. Sticking with the previous example, this is sitting down with a notebook and copying the English section by hand. Your handwriting is harder to read, you probably fucked up some words here and there, and your drawings look like shit compared to he original, but you were able to get it to fit on less paper this way by using some of your own shorthand and omitting some diagrams that weren't important.
You're at everyone else's fingertips. And you don't want to know where those fingers have been...
Welcome to the internet. The only way to avoid it is to be airgapped. 
You can take that cop-out bullshit excuse if it makes you sleep at night. You're making an unauthorized copy of a copyrighted work. That's piracy. You're just paying a buck for the privilege. 

I mean I don't care what you do, but let's call a spade a spade. It's piracy.
Besides, you know, that's literally piracy. You're not buying a movie from Redbox, you're renting it for a day. But then you rip it and keep it forever. You might as well just download from somewhere.
>People say you get awesome recommendations for new music you might like from streaming services but you can also get those recommendations through Reddit or any of the hundreds of recommendation sites out there.

That's not the same at all. I don't have to do anything to get recommendations on Google Play. It just plays some music I might like. I don't have to tell people what I think I like, then sort through what they think I'll also like, then go buy something I might not like. I hit play on my phone and music is magically playing throughout my house. I like? Thumbs up. I don't like it? Thumbs down. It's alright? Let it play. Simple.
If you're that determined to pirate it I guess.
The age of your wiring has nothing to do with how well powerline will work. That's a myth. If anything, newer construction will be worse because you're more likely to be jumping across circuits (newer construction has more circuits throughout a house as demands increase) and you're more likely to have protections at the distribution board (like arc fault suppressors) that will completely destroy powerline's "performance." 

The breaker also doesn't block interference. There are going to be two main sources of interference: noise inductive loads with no input side filtering (like cheap switch mode power supplies) and RF picked up by the wires being basically a massive, shitty antenna.
>Is it correct to say that MoCA is to coax as powerline is to traditional outlets?

Yep.

>Would it work if I used a splitter before the coax hits my modem?

Yeah, assuming the splitter doesn't degrade the signal to your modem so much that it then has problems (but if a splitter and a couple extra feet of coax does that, you were borderline in the first place and probably seeing intermittent issues).
Fiber is absolutely the way to go if you want "future proof." The medium will support every speed you'll ever live to see. And your children. And your grandchildren. And theirs....

Fiber isn't really more expensive than copper. And if you're only sticking to 1Gbps for now, the hardware you need at either end is dirt cheap too. Even 10Gbps isn't bad (compared to 10Gbps over copper anyway). The one real downside is that it's harder to terminate so if you're not doing premade patch cables, that should be something to consider. 
Get your own service and tell your roommates to pound sand. Don't hack together some nasty piggybacking long-distance wifi bullshit. It's not going to work.
You might be over-valuing powerline. They're pretty shit, but they might be "good enough" for your use. The next best thing to dedicated runs (like Cat5/6 or fiber) is probably MoCA. Then the next is probably a dedicated wireless link (like a point to point system or the "nicer" mesh systems). And way at the bottom you have powerline as a last resort.

But otherwise, you have the right idea.
Sure, they burn shit down sometimes but the most recent rebranding / combining of services, which feels pretty similar to this, is Google Wallet/Android Pay into Google Pay. They combined two services into one and kept everything exactly the same.
I don't know why everyone is jumping the conclusion that they're going to ditch all the features of Google Play Music. Maybe they will, who knows, but to me it seems like they're just trying to unify their branding. GPM and YouTube Red are already bundled with each other, which I could see as being confusing if you only know about one service or the other. And the YouTube name is branching out to more than just "that online video site." There's YouTube TV, you can rent movies, they have their own original content, they have a weird music service kind of thing which I've never understood and seems to not make sense alongside GPM, etc. Why not combine everything under a YouTube brand so YouTube means movies, TV, music, game streaming, podcasts, etc. etc.
Buy it on BD, rip it yourself, remux it. The best quality you can possibly have.
People will upgrade just to have the latest shit. You could slap a new sticker on the same damn box and someone would buy it.
It's a $250 1080/144 TN monitor. Hardly bragging
I have a 120Hz ultrawide, but I still picked up a PS4 Pro for God of War last week. That game runs at 30fps at best and I'm still enjoying the absolute shit out of it. Don't be so dramatic.
>Amd just showed off ryzen 2. It has marginal to no improvements in performance. Yet it's being praised as a decent product and people are seemingly actively looking to upgrade from the first gen. 

No one in their right mind is upgrading from a 1000 series to an equivalent 2000 series CPU. Maybe they're using this opportunity to jump up a level. No one should be going from a 1600 to a 2600, for example. 

>So why was Intel slammed for it and amd is great for it. Not saying one or the other is bad but this just seems kinda hypocritical?

Intel did small improvements for generations. People got bored. From Sandy to Kaby, there wasn't much to get excited about gen to gen. Certainly nothing bad about that, people just lost interest. 

No one is losing their shit about AMD's improvements here either. It's just a new architecture and they're excited to see how it grows.
I'm not sure how good the support for LTE NICs is in pfSense, but assuming you find a good LTE adapter, that would work well. It's easy to send certain hosts or even certain destinations through a VPN.
There are two schools of thought when it comes to idling HDDs and you'll find people who I'll argue both to the death. Wither spinning them up and down all the time is added wear on them, or letting them run 24/7 is more wear. Who's right? Who knows. 

The real argument for unplugging it here is the same argument for why it shouldn't be in the system as a backup in the first place. What if you have a hardware failure that kills all your drives? Your backup goes right alongside the data it was meant to protect.
If it lives in the same machine as the data you're backing up, it's not a backup.
Any unmanaged gigabit switch will do. Any name brand switch will have a backplane capable of saturating every port full duplex. There isn't much to them. I bought two just the other day and I couldn't even confidently tell you what brand they were and I'm the kind of person who can tell you all the hardware in everything else in my house. Switches though, fuck it, they all work the same and they're so cheap that if one dies (hasn't happened to me yet), you throw them away and get another without thinking about it. I think I have ones from D-Link and Netgear. Just whatever was cheapest at the time.
Why even bother with the copper once you have fiber? But mainly grounding issues.
Reddit does that to people.
> If I were burying cable which I wanted to last 20 years, I'd be doing cat6a.

You should do fiber then. You'll never have to worry about bandwidth limitations with fiber.

I'm not arguing with you... I'm adding context to further support your point. 
I recently got an EAP-225. In the benchmark I saw, it outperformed the AC-Lite. Cheaper too.

The AC-Lites are well loved though. They should perform pretty similarly.
I know that's the number Netflix "recommends," but I have "UHD" Netflix and I know what the actual bitrate works out to be. You'd want a connection a good bit higher than the bitrate as a minimum to account for overhead, let you buffer ahead a bit, and to not completely cripple your internet while streaming, but as far as how much bandwidth (throughput) it actually **consumes**, it's a good bit less than that.
> I finally figured out the issue was related to my upload rate. Because I don't want to pay out the nose, I'm limited to 5mbps upload. As soon as I would exceed this limit, Xfinity would severely slow down both the overall download rate and the response to any given packet.

Comcast wasn't throttling you, that's just a consequence of how the networking works. If you saturate your upload, you start severely delaying stuff trying to squeak out on the upload. This includes acks to things you're downloading.
> Sometimes it might even be speedtest.net or whatever test you're using acting up.

Or literally just other usage on the network. It's not really unreasonable to think that at some moments, there would be some other traffic on the network. On top of that, unless it's the newest RPi that just released this last pi day, it only has a 100Mbps NIC anyway so a fuzz under 100Mbps is the best it could ever test.

/u/ForeseablePast 
Netflix 4K streams aren't even anywhere near that high bitrate. They're ~15Mbps. Add in a little overhead and some room to breathe so you can buffer and you'll still come in under 50Mbps for two streams.
Tell that guy to go fuck his hat. Cat7 for an additional $700? The cost of the cable is nearly identical and the second he terminates it for Ethernet it's going to be cat6 anyway. Cat7 is not used for Ethernet.
There's one sitting on my desk right here. 

But a standalone switch doesn't automatically mean "business grade." Neither do standalone APs and routers. People here seem to think anything other than your average Linksys combo piece of shit is "business grade."
Yeah, if you're replacing 802.11b, just about anything would be better. Archer C7 seems to be a good budget option, but I haven't played with one too much. Set one up for someone once and never heard any complaints though.
>The business stuff, (APs, switches, routers) have a larger capabilities but they require at lot more work to setup.

This is hardly the case. An unmanaged switch is plug and play. There's literally nothing to configure. An AP can be as simple to configure as a consumer "router." Plug it in, log in, set your SSID and security stuff, and done.
Is there something already in place that isn't providing enough range? It's unlikely a different device is going to magically fix any range issues.
>The speed shown for WiFi is showing the best possible theoretical max and then doubling it to show upload and download

No it's not. It's the link speed of the physical layer. You could actually send that many "bits per second," it's just that roughly half (assuming you can completely pack in the payload) of those bits are overhead. They're bits used to carry the other bits. They tell where the packet came from, where it's going, what order it is, encryption parameters, size, etc. etc. etc. When only half of the data sent is the actual data that makes it to the other end, your effective throughput of meaningful data (that which actually gets from one end to the other and used for more than just getting it there) is half as well.
Ubiquiti isn't the only name in the game. But yes, any decent AP will allow you to tune the Tx power. I know ubiquiti and TP-Link's lines if APs do.
"LAN DNS" should be the DNS that is advertised with DHCP. When a device requests an IP via DHCP, it can also get additional information like DNS servers. "WAN DNS" would then be what your router forwards to if it's used as a DNS forwarder. If something uses your router's IP for a DNS server, your router doesn't do the actual lookup. It asks something else to do the lookup for it and it'll return the result to whatever asked for it. 

That address you're seeing isn't a DNS server, it's an address used by Windows to check connectivity.
If you want a cheap as piss AP with no long term support, you can find those too. There are APs across a wide range of prices, just like there are routers. But APs aren't as expensive as you're making them out to be. An EAP-225 is $60. That's 802.11ac, 2x2, MU-MIMO, etc. etc.
Your computer shows drive speed in Bps. It shows network speed in bps.
You're still making this an Intel vs AMD thing.
It's probably the modem then. It's a well-known issue with no real fix.
The puma chipset is garbage. It has an inherent latency issue.
The C7 is not a "tri-band" router. 1.3Gbps is 802.11ac 3x3 on 80MHz channels. It's not a sum of multiple 5GHz radios. It's not even a sum of 5 and 2.4GHz bands. 3x3 does not mean try band.

The reason you won't see this kind of throughput is overhead. You can link at 1300Mbps, but WiFi has roughly 50% overhead (depends on the size of the payload).
No no no. Network speeds are in bits per second. A bit is a bit. A byte is not always the same. Plus, bytes imply some chunk of data. With overhead, you don't get what that number would lead you to believe. The layman is going to think 125MBps means you get 125MB of data in a second. You won't. It could be a whole lot less (see: WiFi). Network speeds are in bits (and base 10, but that's another story).
Interesting. Turns out that actually has a 24/8 chipset (Puma, ditch it if you can). It's normally a 16/4 but your ISP can (and apparently did) buy a license to bump up to 28.
Does the status page say what the modem is? Possible that you're connecting to someone else's modem?
That is a 16x4 modem. You sure that's what you have and that you see 24 channels on the admin page? Something doesn't add up.
What modem do you have?

Your router (Google WiFi) has no idea how many changes you have. It doesn't even know you have cable internet. And it doesn't care. They have precisely nothing to do with one another.
The first comment I replied to stated that Intel's top mainstream CPU has 6 cores while AMD's has 8 cores as if that meant anything. I said it doesn't. You came along and said price:performance ratio is what matters. I pointed out the flaw in that as well. It's not that complicated.
>Feel free to point out what I'm supposed to have failed to pick up from your comments, bud, but even after re-reading them I just don't see it.

That's weird since your last paragraph literally echoes what I've been saying, aside from calling out a specific CPU of course. You keep peppering it with this "AMD beats Intel" stuff. You'll notice I haven't use any specific CPUs at all. I could be talking about different kinds of tree nuts for all the difference it'd make. My argument isn't about this one specific CPU vs another. I'm speaking in general. You'd think literally never mentioning a single product, let alone coming them, would have been enough to get that across. And if not, surely all those times I said I was not taking a side would have gotten through. But apparently not so, I'll spell it out in bold for you and everyone else. **I am not talking about the 2600 vs the 8600K specifically. I am not making an argument for one or the other. I am not talking about any CPU in particular. I am pointing out the flaw in how people compare things to validate their inherent biases.**
I know what I'm saying. If you pick it up or not, that's on you. 

Everyone is so obsessed with stat X or Y or Z. That could be clock speed, core count, price, price/performance, etc. Alone, all are meaningless. You cannot boil it down to a single number.

You even qualified it right here. You said this isn't a low end CPU, but a high performance (for most users), 6C/12T CPU at $200. That's qualifying it. Maybe you're considering an upper limit to your budget (sub $200?). Maybe there's a minimum performance you're looking for (steady 60fps in games when paired with an appropriate GPU). The point is, there is no single metric that encompasses everything. You didn't say "this CPU is X arbitrary and always somehow relevant performance units per dollar and that's why it's the best."

E: I'll add that I haven't made a single case for either side. Don't turn this into some fanboy bullshit. I didn't mention team red or blue, which is better or worse, which I have, or even implied any of the above. I'm strictly addressing how people compare products.
I think raw "price to performance" is bullshit too. Maybe a CPU has shit performance but it costs fuck all. On a "price to performance" metric, it can be much better than a number of CPUs. But if it's not a good enough CPU to do what you need to do, it's not worth anything to you. 

The problem is the same on both sides. People want to boil down something complex to a single number. That doesn't work in the real world. Never does.
From my experience with cable techs, they'll only make this worse. This is cleaning than anything I've ever seen from a cable tech.
It's the best setup you can have.

Your current setup is a mess with Windows sharing, which never seems to work. I don't even know how it handles it (not a big window users). A switch is the best thing you can do. Between your xbone and your PC, data only has to go through the switch. If your issue is upstream of this, then you need to fix it there. Do you have your own router?
Yes.
There's nothing more simple than a switch. Plug and play.
Why? If that modem is actually a modem, get a router. If it is a router, get a switch.
You guys need to stop getting caught up in core count. Two CPUs don't compete just because they have the same number of cores
If only the world was so simple. I think it's Eero where not even all of them have the dedicated backhaul. First gen devices were just repeaters.
I agree, wire everything, but "mesh" does not automatically mean "dedicated backhaul." More often than not, it just means "we styled this extender to look like the router and then locked it down to only work with our hardware." They're garbage and they're also cheaper so that's what people will end up with when they hear "mesh good" and blindly buy something.
I meant more the meaningless "better but less consistent" line. What does that even mean? 

For what it's worth, the EAP-225 is supposed to get support for 802.11k/v at some point.
>It's better than traditional wifi extenders in that it uses a dedicated set of wireless channels just for relaying data between APs and another set of channels for AP to client communication. 

Many mesh systems do not have a dedicated backhaul. The suggested Google WiFi is one such device. These are repeaters in everything but name.
>For a smaller deployment (read: 2 or 3 APs) where roaming and client handoff isn't as critical the EAP 225 will likely perform a hair better (though a hair less consistently)

Where are you coming up with this nonsense?
Does probably mean pfSense and those are indeed very old versions.
That may be the case, but none of the things you said in your original reply about Cat5 are true. It isn't rated for a higher bandwidth, it isn't used for different frequencies, and it absolutely is rated for gigabit at 100m.
Just a heads up, the update that just recently dropped is the last update for the N66U from Merlin. It's EoL.
Cat5 is rated gigabit for the full 100m. Cat5e is rated for **the exact** same bandwidth (100MHz). The frequency doesn't change. The only difference is 5e has tighter tolerances on crosstalk. 

Stop spreading this myth
Depends on your router. Your average consumer router? No, you probably can't control what the firewall logs and what it doesn't.
The problem is he's trying to do this behind a network he has no control of and no business messing with. He also fails to provide any relevant details in his OP and leaves brief comments that you have to use to piece everything together.

And his question was already answered in his last thread.
Yes.
Many mesh systems don't have an extra radio for the backhaul, they're just extenders. Google WiFi, for example.
>it is cat 5. This means I can only achieve a wired speed of 100 mbit/s,

No it doesn't. Cat5 is good for gigabit. If you're only linking St 100Mbps, that drop isn't terminated correctly.
You don't need to forward to SSH outside your network. 

If you mean SSHing into your network from the outside, then there are ways around it too. You can VPN from inside your network to somewhere outside (like a VPS) then from outside your network, connect to the same VPN. Now you're connected to your network.
It's horrible practice. I know the Asus router I use as an AP defaults to HTTP. I don't care how string you think your password is, it's useless if it's sent over HTTP. And even if it's HTTPS, it's not going to be trusted unless you have a signed certificate. A self signed certificate is as good as useless over the internet. And even if that was the case, you're still exposing the admin interface to the internet. Do you also trust that there's no exploit present that would give someone access? Do you trust your ability to monitor logs constantly to catch someone getting in? 

What could you possibly need Amazon to control on your router for you anyway? 

No one in their right mind would recommend you do this.
Absolutely not. Do not expose your router's admin page to the internet.
Wireshark is for capturing and analyzing traffic (it can actually be used to rip apart a lot of different things, but we'll stick to IP networking). All you'll see is normal traffic leaving your system and no traffic coming in, but you already know that if your network is down. Wireshark isn't some magic tool that can go upstream and figure out what's broke.
That's not what Wireshark is for.
Sure, if the firewall is disabled, it's not doing anything. But default rule for a firewall is to block. If you don't make an exception, it's not getting through. 

But leave it to ATT fucking disable a firewall by default...
Your firewall should be blocking inbound by default (that's what a firewall does). Someone could only hit your DNS server on IPv4 or IPv6 if you allow it to.
Because it's not yours. Stay the fuck out or deal with being banned from the University network.
The case insensitivity isn't a big deal, but the storing of passwords (on paper no less) obviously is.
Yeah, seems like no one reviews consumer networking gear properly. It's a bit of a bummer.
You need your torrent client behind the router. You can still do this with one machine and a couple of VMs though. But at this point, ditch the hackjob with the laptop or RPi and setup that unused desktop. Throw pfSense in one VM, have that act as the router for your whole network, throw whatever services you need in another VM, and make your current router an AP.
>I am curios how much it will cost after that 1 year ends?

How are we supposed to know what terms you agreed to?

>If i were to switch from Fios to Time Warner, will i still be able to use the Fios Router G1100 with Time Warner?

No, not as a modem anyway and you wouldn't want to repurpose it as a router.
Yeah, the smallnetbuilder test is the one I was thinking of.
The EAP-225 V3 is also Wave 2 (MU-MIMO), for what it's worth. The V2 performed better than the AC-Lite, but I haven't seen any tests with the V3 yet.

I just recently got an EAP225 and haven't had any issues with it.
This is pretty much the only way to do it in your head quickly. Either memorize all of them, or memorize ones you commonly see and halve/double from there until you get to where you need to be. 

Understanding the binary math used can be helpful. That's why it doubles (or halves). Shifting a binary number to the left is the same as multiplying by 2 and shifting to the right is dividing by 2. You're used to doing the same thing in base 10. 

Knowing the binary will also help you quickly go from CIDR / notation to the mask in base 10 octets. /20 means the first 20 bits are 1 (1111 1111 1111 1111 1111 0000 0000 0000). The first two octets are all 1 (255), leaving 4 1s for the third octet (1111 0000). If you do binary math long enough you can quickly convert that to 240. No more 1s so the last octet is 0. Your mask is 255.255.240.0.
Title (year) to differentiate remakes and such.
Ubiquiti isn't the only name in the game.

Devices themselves get the final say when it comes to roaming. There are some heavy handed hacks to try to coax them off weaker APs (forcing them to disconnect when signal strength drops below a certain threshold), but it's still ultimately up to that device to pick the better AP to connect to. If a device is hanging onto a weaker AP, blame the device, not the AP. 

What you can do to try and work around this is drop the Tx power on your APs so they don't overlap as much. The idea is hopefully the signal will be too weak to hang on to and the device will finally swap over to the stronger AP. But again, it's up to the device to decide when to move.
You'd need separate radios to put two SSIDs on two different channels. Both SSIDs will share airtime.
Yeah, you'll be fine.
Devices roam from AP to AP as they see fit. If you use the same SSID and security settings (type and passphrase), they should move to whichever is stronger, within reason (you don't want something constantly flipping back and forth every time the wind blows). If give them different SSIDs, they'll hang on for dear life and you'll have to toggle between them.

Ever use WiFi in a big public place? Like a hospital or airport or something? That's just many well place, well tuned APs. That's the proper way to cover a large area. When to roam is up to the clients. Some are good, some are bad. 
Better yet, disable password logins on SSH. Good luck guessing a 4k key.
You can't WoL from another network. WoL is a layer 2 thing. There is no "WoL port" for you to forward.
Yeah, just leave it on auto.
Inside your house is your business. You don't expect the electric company to be responsible for the lines within your house. Or the water company to be responsible for the pipes in your house. Same with your ISP.
6to4 is, as its name implies, a method of sending IPv6 across an IPv4 network. It's one of the handful of methods to help ease the transition from IPv4 to IPv6.
Honestly, I skimmed over the OP.

I don't think it's a very unreasonable thought to see a post like this (wants to tap a line, doesn't want to add any hardware, wants to be completely passive) and think maybe OP isn't on the up and up here.
You can't passively tap anything that negotiates gigabit (or higher). Your link even mentions that. This is because 1000BASE-T uses differential signaling. You have to know what one end sent to "subtract" from that signal to get what the other end sent. This isn't an issue when you're the one sending, but if you jump in the middle, you have no idea who did what to make the signal you're getting.

Sounds like you're messing with something that you shouldn't be. I doubt many here would be willing to help you.
Anything that the router has to encrypt to send through the VPN will be limited.
The SG-1000 will do very poorly for OpenVPN. Around 20Mbps is what I've found online.
Cat5 is good for gigabit. If you're only getting 100Mbps link across them, they're terminated wrong or damaged. Probably terminated wrong.
Have a spare PC? It's pretty simple to do with pfSense.
No, I explained elsewhere two of these are replacements that Dell has sent me that are worse than the one I was trying to replace. The refurbs have that issue where the right half is cooler than the left. And the bleed is worse. It's actually been a pretty huge pain in the ass. If they're just going to keep sending me year old refurbs, I'm just going to tell them to pound sand and I'll swear off Dell products.
Honestly Civ is better on just one. With the UI pushed to the edges, it's impossible tonuse. And the FoV is clamped after a point (which this clearly crosses) so you actually see far less vertically and makes it very cramped. That screenshot is fully zoomed out. I hardly ever zoom in that much normally.

Specs? Oh specs. This thing is a beast. Running on a 2500K currently over clocked to 4.6GHz and an RX480 with a modest OC.
The replacement I just got was listed at 18lbs shipping weight but I definitely got the whole package.
Use Merlin's firmware for Asus routers. It's based on the stock firmware so you don't gimp your device like you do with most other firmwares. 

If you need features out if a router and it doesn't have them out of the box, you should probably be buying a better router.
I'll give try.
Yeah, you really need to render from multiple points with this much area. I do have ETS2. Might get to that tomorrow and give it a try.
Yeah, I'm trying some stuff that should actually render somewhat ok now. Will upload some more screenshots.
Yeah, the distortion is ridiculous, but it's also so far away that you really don't directly look at either of the two side monitors. The two side monitors end out past the front of my desk about equal with my shoulders and so far away that I can't even touch them.
Periodically throwing more screenshots in the album as I find games that actually work across all three.

Civ VI took me a minute to figure out. It sorts the resolutions wrong. Since this is 10,320x1440, it was down with the other resolutions starting with 10, not at the top where it should be. So heads up if you're crazy enough to try this.

E: Didn't realize these were so heavily compressed until the Vermintide screenshots. Sorry about that.
No problem. 
No, I'm trying to get one that doesn't have bad BLB. Dell keeps sending me ~August 2017 refurbs that are worse than the one I started with. I currently have three and, well, who wouldn't give them all a try?
It is Oxygen not Included. Just trying to find some games that actually use all three.
Gigabit uses all 4 pairs for data. Power is sent down the same pins as data.
Spectrum doesn't charge a modem rental fee.
The Pro isn't MU-MIMO, that's the HD. The Pro is just SU-MIMO 3x3.
Ehhh maybe the people here who actually have helpful comments are techy, but I'd say most are just as clueless as the typical user echoing something they heard that they think sounds smart.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Setting up the router as an AP is fine. Extenders/repeaters are trash.
I assume you're going to access this drive over the network. If not, you're fucking crazy and that's what you should be doing.

The filesystem doesn't matter in that case. That's all abstracted away. 

Using FAT32 on anything other than a small flash drive for compatibility reasons is insane.
This is the absolute worst way to "extend" a network.
Right, but my point is there is no forgiving private student loans unlike federal student loans.
Who the fuck is Cory?

If you're playing on a PS4 Pro you get the option of 1080p with uncapped framerates (but good luck getting 60) or checkerboard 2160 capped at 30.
It's entirely possible the devices on wifi will be the limit regardless. 250Mbps over WiFi is pretty reasonable in the real world with 2x2 devices.
It's not "4k" and it's not 60fps. It uses checkerboard rendering to get to 3840x2160 (what people call 4k) and it's locked at 30 (sometimes it'll dip below that, but it'll never go over). It's better than upscaling, but it's not as good as native.
You're not going to get gigabit over WiFi right now. Mesh really isn't the option here. You're looking to drop hundreds and hundreds of dollars on magic hardware that still isn't going to fix your problem. Have you gotten a quote on running a couple Ethernet drops?

The fact that you're getting gigabit internet really changes the discussion. If you have sub 100Mbps service and you're always limited by that (no local traffic) then fine, mesh is a bandaid that will hold together just fine. But when you're paying for gigabit, you might as well be able to actually use it.
No. Checkerboard 2160/30.
Just wanna stress that **federal loan** bit there. Private loans are with you to death. Actually after death. They aren't even forgiven if you die.
There are a ton of dumb people in college. You don't have to be smart to get into college.
A lot of smart TVs have ads actually.
The first page/top of the screenshot is the DNS server that your router will forward to if it gets DNS requests. Your router also runs a DNS forwarder.

The second  page/bottom of the screenshot is what your DHCP server will hand out when it response to DHCP requests. Devices are free to ignore this and use their own DNS servers. Also, the secondary is not like a backup, it's more like an alternative. Devices can use either at anytime without trying to other first. This mostly defeats the purpose of running your own forwarder with filtering (PiHole).
I saw from your other post that it's an ATT gateway. That "DMZ+" mode or whatever they call it is effectively bridging. You'll still have a private address upstream of your router, but everything is forwarded through to your router so it doesn't matter.
Everyone has called the Xbox one X the xbone since it was announced. Hell, someone presenting on their stage last year at E3 slipped and called it xbone.
And I always will be clear and will always advocate for the clear use of technical language.
>Didn't realise where in the era of 4k tv

Where the fuck have you been?
God fucking dammit I love you.
It absolutely shouldn't be. There's nothing "2k" about 2560x1440. 2K is 2048x1080.
>Since they are still affordable but outperform the usual enduser Hardware by a lot in terms of power.

They really don't. They're limited to the same transmit power as any other AP. There's no magic bullet that's going to penetrate steel and concrete.
I'm saying I wouldn't be surprised if there's nothing that says they can't.
The answer isn't multiple routers. Replace the router from your ISP, bridge through it, add APs, etc. Two routers just makes a mess.
What are your signal levels on your modem?
Why do you have cascaded routers? That's the important question before any of these.
QoS isn't a magic bullet. If they don't have enough throughput  for whatever they're trying to do, like streaming video, QoS isn't going to magically overcome that.
It's still up to the client to decide what AP to connect to. A device is free to ignore everything and connect to the same shit AP over and over again. The issue with roaming is the device that's roaming, not the AP.
>Is the "mesh" tech as revolutionary as it seems?

No. It's a repeater with some flashy marketing.
I can't imagine Pakistan is the bastion of net neutrality. I'm sure there's no reason they can't do this.
The proposed situation where Movie Pass gets to decide the pricing of tickets is not competition.
Yeah, I fail to grasp how moving all the power to one entity and all the responsibility and risk to another is "competition." Sound more like "getting fucked." Call it what you want, I'll call it what it is.
Having someone else take none of the risk and resell your product or service for less is not competition. That's a partnership, and one that can quickly favor one side over the other given that risk is so out of balance.
How is that competition?
Yeah you'll be hard pressed to find any new Cat5 cables.
The idea is to not expose the NAS to the cameras at all. Let your firewall do the firewalling.
There's four links, two of them from the IEEE themselves and two from two of the largest names in networking. You linked some site that looks like it came straight from 1998 trying to sell cables. 

I figured someone with "trusted" flair would know which cables are required for what speeds. Especially in this case which gets corrected damn near every day on this sub. No wonder the misconception won't die.
Downvote me all you want, it doesn't make you less wrong.

https://www.juniper.net/documentation/en_US/release-independent/junos/topics/reference/specifications/transceiver-m-mx-t-series-1000base-t-copper-specifications.html

https://www.cisco.com/en/US/tech/tk389/tk214/tech_digest09186a0080091a86.html

Or even straight from the horse's mouth (though you can only see the abstract for free): https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/694994/?reload=true 
>Gigabit Ethernet on Category-5 cable is the next generation high-speed Ethernet LAN for twisted pair copper medium with a minimum required reach of 100 meters. This paper presents a brief overview of the transmission scheme agreed upon by the IEEE 802.3ab task force for 1 Gb/s full-duplex operation over 4 pairs of category-5 cable.

Or if PDFs are more your speed:  
http://grouper.ieee.org/groups/802/3/tutorial/march98/mick_170398.pdf
Your router will route between the subnets. You'll define access rules to only allow traffic you need between the two subnets (block everything from camera subnet to main, but allow the opposite direction most likely).
> ...for 100Mbps

Bullshit. Cat5 is rated for gigabit. Cat5 and Cat5e are rated for the exact same bandwidth (100MHz). Cat5 was the best standard when 1000BASE-T was standardized. It couldn't possibly require anything better (and again, 5e doesn't have higher bandwidth anyway, just reduced crosstalk).

Like I said, if it's working, it's fine. I could give you a Cat8 cable that's been kinked to hell and back and no longer passes Cat8 spec, but that doesn't mean you need to throw it all away and wait for Cat9. It means that one cable is bad, not every Cat8 cable ever.
Cat5 is fine... If it's still working, it's still working. Don't go looking for problems to fix.
No problem. It's a common mistake.
You could just move the decimal and call everything cents and you'd end up with exactly the same thing. What difference does it make? As long as it's all base 10 anyway...
No problem. It makes more sense when you remember they're binary numbers. AND the IP with the mask and you get the network address. Invert the mask and you get the number of addresses in the subnet (add that to network address and you get the broadcast address).
That's a public IP. I can guarantee you ATT isn't giving you a /23...

That mask covers 12.50.10.0 to 12.50.11.255.
DHCP is one of the simplest things your router does. 
They don't *literally* mean dissolve in your mouth...
Rare is red, not pink. Shouldn't really have even gotten warm in the center. Medium rare is pink throughout. Medium is pink center. Medium well is just to where there's no pink. Well is cooked to shit all the way through.
Seventy fucking eight in your house and you wont turn the air on?
Most people in the US don't know that you can keep Bettas with other fish either. It's ok to change your view when you learn something new.
Why not just turn the air on?
Bettas are fine with other fish as long as they don't look like they're competing (long, flowing fins, basically). If you throw a bunch of find in a tiny tank, anything is going to fight. Get a proper tank.
Key phrase there was carried over month to month. If you don't carry over a balance, it doesn't cost you a cent.
What a fucking terrible ISP...
So what, you're 14?
>Because we want to use one device (modem/router) instead of two (a modem and a router)

But you already have the router and it's probably better than any combo you can get.

>I have fiber internet, which means I have internet that's given by fiber technology (or something like that), it's a modern way to get internet nowadays and with high packs: I can get 100, 200, 300mb, and so on with fiber internet, something I couldn't get with coaxial internet

>It doesn't? But I use a coaxial cable that I connect on my wall and to the modem... yeah yeah I said it's fiber internet but it IS, I just use coaxial cable that's all. I have no idea how I would get internet without this cable. Do you need a photo for me to take?

No, you have cable internet. It's coming over coax from your cable provider. That's cable. DOCSIS can easily hit those speeds. 100Mbps is nothing for DOCSIS 3.0. 

>I beg to differ, but I'm probably wrong so I'll shut up about that.

Beg all you want, you admit yourself that you don't know what you're talking about.

>Anyway, just recommend something for me

That's a great way to ask for help. Tell everyone who tries to help you that they're wrong and ignore what they tell you. You can go fuck your hat buddy.
Sure, they make some good gear. An ER-Lite/USG isn't an "enterprise router."
>So I though on this: I'll purchase a new modem, which is also a router, but which one?

Why? You have a router already. 

You keep saying fiber but also modem. What service do you have? Fiber doesn't need a modem. 

>has some antennas (because I think antennas are important)

It's not. External antennas are mostly for show. 

>that supports WPS

WPS is a liability.
The other end is still omnidirectional. You might get a little extra gain, but if you needed a directional antenna on one end, you'll need one on the other end to shout back.
It's small business at best. Enterprise routers cost more than your car.
If all of these were idle, maybe, but that's wishful thinking. 5GHz or bust.
Traffic doesn't go through a DNS server. DNS is just for name resolution. All that's doing is telling you what IP to go to (your public IP in this case) when you go to a name.

Do a traceroute to your name and see where it goes. It shouldn't leave your network.
2.4GHz. Repeater. Belkin. Jesus Christ, throw some powerline in there while we're at it.
Unless you go through a third party (I'm not familiar with how the service works), that's already exactly what happens. If you tried to connect directly to your public IP from within the private network behind it and your router didn't catch this and loop it back into the network (called NAT reflection), your data would be sent out to the internet and then it'd be lost.
So these are extreme generalizations. Pretty much meaningless in my book.
I'm only going off what you gave us to work with. Apparently that offended you.
You're fine, it's just subtext doesn't translate well over the internet. People will read with whatever tone they want. People usually think I'm pissed off because I curse. Actually I'm couldn't give less of a shit, that's just how I talk in a casual setting.
I have no idea. They mean fuck all to me and everyone else here. That's not what makes a network.
Ignoring cores that's still completely wrong. Hz isn't a unit of performance. The 4GHz P4 I have sitting in a closet is miles behind my desktop if I clock it to 4GHz. Architecture matters immensely. 

I certainly didn't say going by cores was good either. I definitely said that's also meaningless.
You keep confusing WiFi with network. I don't know how else I can explain this. A network is a number. If you see a name that looks like something can you read, that's not a network. It's some "helpful" name to help humans. It's precisely meaningless in terms of your network.
Routers don't create WiFi, they connect networks. My router doesn't have WiFi at all. It doesn't know what WiFi is. There's no WiFi to turn off. It's still a router. 

I've given you every possibility. You won't or can't do any of them but you're still fishing for an answer. I don't know what else to tell you.
Those names mean nothing. You could have a hundred SSIDs and still be all on the same network. The wired names you have showing up is just some bullshit Windows is showing you. It means nothing. Your network is defined by your network address and subnet mask. Your problem is you have two routers making two of these and they're doing what they're built to do. You just want them to do something else.
I'm saying that you have to fix either the router or the modem/router if you want to not have two networks. You say you can't make your router an AP and now you're saying you can switch out the modem provided by your ISP. Now we're down to replacing the router with an AP or one that can be made an AP or configure the modem/router combo to bridge the router portion and just behave as a modem.
Ditch the modem/router combo, ditch the router, or have two networks. Can't have your cake and eat it too.

E: ditch as in either replace them with other devices that do what you want them to do, or make them do what you want them to do (bridge the modem or make the router an AP).
None of these names constitutes a network. 

Your modem isn't just a modem, it's also a router. It's creating a network. Your router is obviously a router. It's creating a network. And there is your problem. Your router within a router is creating a network within a network. If you want one network, you want one router.
Spectrum doesn't charge for a modem. Whether you view that as "free modem" or "cost of the modem is hidden in the cost of the service" doesn't really matter because you pay the same price with or without using the one they loan out to you.
You're not going to get any productive comments until you figure out what you're actually asking. All we can do is guess, which is what I did. Piss with the cock ya got and all that.
Fact, assumptions, whatever you want to call it. It's a bad setup.
I imagine when iperf 2.0 came around, it just straight up replaced iperf 1.x. When iperf 3.0 came around, development continued on iperf 2.x for legacy reasons. Happens all the time. python is python 2.x and still in development alongside python3 which is python 3.x. It's also really common with libraries where they move on to new versions that require a new version of the language they're written in and anything that uses it needs to be built against that version but old versions are in use in environments where they'll never get new versions of the language or they can't support new requirements or they never see updates or any updates have to be vetted and that costs a lot of time and money etc. etc.
Combined with all the other facts, I'm assuming it's 1) the free consumer version he's leaching off of and 2) his only line of defense.
If I had to guess, I'd say he's trying to get the router to update the IP associated with your OpenDNS account because he's using it for DNS filtering. 

There are so many things hilariously bad about this situation. Your boss is telling you to do something that's apparently outside your wheelhouse. Your boss doesn't know what the fuck he's talking about. Apparently your business has a dynamic IP. Apparently your business is relying on OpenDNS for filtering. Your business is using a consumer router running a third party firmware.

Jesus fucking Christ, that's a lot of assumptions on my part, but I'd bet most of them are true.
I didn't say you couldn't do multigigabit, I said I don't think you'll get 10Gbps because last I saw from a netgate dev, that was the case.
Your provider doesn't give you "WiFi." You don't even need an internet connection to use WiFi.
What service you get from your ISP and what your router can provide have nothing to do with one another. You're asking how can Lamborghini sell you can car that can hit 220MPH when the national speed limit is 70. Because you could go to a track with a straight long enough for you to hit 180 (move to a different ISP) or you could find a high speed bowl with basically no limit (local network will be as fast as the slowest link, doesn't need an ISP at all).

Also, the number on the box of a router is not really what you'll get.
Maybe very basic, straightforward routing, but at that point just use iptables. Or a layer 3 switch for that matter. It's not like OP has a 10Gbps link with his ISP (hence why I asked if he had a use for routing at 10Gbps a la inter-VLAN traffic at that speed or if he just needed 10Gbps NICs so he could get the 2Gbps from his ISP).

I remember seeing a dev show off work they were doing using DPDK. I thought it was here but maybe it was on the pfSense forums. Anyway, they were pretty adamant that we weren't going to see real 10Gbps performance until they got away from the kernel drivers and moved on to some more modern libraries. Now that I think about it, I think that's for pfSense 3.0, so it could be a ways away.
It doesn't matter if the IPs they're using are in the DHCP pool or not. DHCP isn't checked to make sure any IPs in that range we're actually assigned or anything. It's a pretty simple service that just answers when something connects and asks for an IP. It's never verified or anything. As long as the device connecting still had a valid IP for that subnet, it should have been fine. Did you change the network address?
DNS had nothing to do with it, I promise you. Your computer didn't even query the DNS server when you tried to connect to your router.
Then you should also try being right. SSIDs don't make networks. You could have a hundred SSIDs and still only have one network.
His question is basically impossible to answer. How could I possibly answer "are 4 cores enough for my router" when all there is to go on is "wants 10Gbps" and the model of CPU? Is he just routing? DPI? VPN? He's running in a VM so I assume there are other VMs on this hardware. What are they doing? Running a web server? Hosting a network share? Mass transcoding his entire video library? 

The one thing I wouldn't do is say "multiply your clock by your core count, that's how many things you can do." If you need to dumb it down to the point where you have to abstract away the concept of a core (and also a thread from the software side), then you need to stop and think about what you're actually trying to answer. You're no longer teaching a man to fish, so you might as well just give him the answer he's looking for ("yes, 4 will do" or "no, doesn't matter how many you throw at it" or whatever). Telling someone completely wrong and misleading information to get them to the answer is worse than just giving them an answer and telling them to not worry about how you got to it.
All of those ifs is the problem. Have you really never come across someone saying "X is faster than Y because it's quad vs dual core" or "A is faster than B because it's 3.4GHz vs 3.8GHz" or "SMT makes your dual core a quad core?" None of those statements are necessarily true, but you see them all the time. Telling someone to multiple their CPU's clock by the number of cores to get some completely meaningless number then treat that as some kind of performance metric is at best misleading.
Dumbing things down to just looking at clockspeed is doing people a disservice. People commonly compare clockspeed as if that meant anything at all. It doesn't. Then to make it worse, you've simply added this meaningless clockspeed for each core as if that in any way related to how performance scaled across cores.

This is how misconceptions spread. You're not helping anything.
I don't know what their 10G appliances can route at. Last I saw they were struggling to get 10Gbps. Maybe it's better on their own hardware. They can definitely do 2Gbps though, which is why I asked if you needed to route at 10Gbps or you needed 10Gbps for you links but you were fine with routing at lower speeds.
No, that's very, very much not how CPUs work. Clockspeed (alone) is not an indication of performance and you don't just add up the number of cores to add up performance.
I mean you're adding up "GHz" like 1) that's how it works (it doesn't) and 2) that's some kind of indication of performance (it's not).

You have a serious lack of understanding of CPUs. Don't spread this kind of misinformation.
Holy shit this is not how CPUs work.
The link speed of the NIC has nothing to do with how fast it can route other than setting an upper bounds in how much data it can pass across the adapter. Ignoring 2.5 and 5 Gbps which will probably never take off, you need a 10Gbps for anything over 1Gbps, like in your case where you have 2Gbps service. 

I remember awhile back either here or on the pfSense forums, a netgate employee posted something he had been working on. They were trying to get routing performance up to 10Gbps (or maybe even more). But I think that was at the earliest pfSense 2.5.
DNS only effects name resolution. Doesn't matter if it's local or not. You could resolve a name that exists on your network and you'd need DNS or you could access a remote IP and not need DNS.

You should have been able to access your routerby IP if all you did was break DNS. So you also broke something else in the process.
Those DNS IPs aren't "primary" and "fallback." A host can use either of those IPs at any time. If you want something to use a particular DNS server, you can't give it a "secondary" DNS server to use.
Do you need to route at 10Gbps? Because that's not happening on pfSense right now. Doesn't matter what hardware you throw at it.

E: If any of you downvoters would like to provide a system that **routes** at 10Gbps, I'm all ears. Last I saw, pfSense couldn't do it. Not that it matters for just about everyone.
>Show me an article/spec sheet that describes HDD/SSD storage space in bits or TiB.

Windows shows capacities in TiB.
No, that's digital. VHS is analog.
You don't even need a router. They just need to be networked together somehow. The internet doesn't need to be involved.
I'd rather ditch the USG for pfSense, but that's just me.
ES is edgeswitch is it not? That's what I get when I Google it.
It's ok, I completely missed your comment anyway. I need to go get some more caffeine...
What PoE rotuer? You have one router, the ER-X.
There's no reason to plug the modem into the switch. You'd have to make a trunk between the switch and the router. You gain nothing. 

You only have one router, not two (which is the correct way to do things). It'll handle your connection just fine.
Yeah well, you're not going to make any sales if you don't try to sell to anyone. Not like there was anyone else even at the dealership to sell to. I was his best shot and now he's going home empty handed.
I agree it's a bad idea. I even said that. But in this case, one of the reasons extenders fucking blows doesn't apply here.
Oh I know what he was thinking because he turned to talk to my mom and mentioned co-signing. I told him to not worry about the money and when he wouldn't drop it, I left. Whatever, he's the one that lost out, not me. Plenty of other dealerships out there.
If the backhaul is 2.4 GHz and you connect to 5GHz, you won't cut your throughput in half. Still isn't a good idea, but this particular issue doesn't apply.
Wasn't me, I'm just saying just because he didn't want kids doesn't mean he's a bad dad.
I have tons of reasons for not wanting a kid. I can't think of a single reason why I would want one. Doesn't even matter what the reasons against having one are if you can't come up with a reason for having one.
That's a good way to put it. Though there's no way I'd buy an already damaged "new" car. Hell, I was worried about being too hard on a couple I drove that had under 20 miles on them, and by too hard I mean taking them up to highway speeds... I wouldn't want to buy a car someone else has been hard on before it's even broken in like the one in the OP definitely was.
That doesn't make him a bad father, why are you apologizing for him? A bad father would have not done anything to provide for his kids. Saying he didn't want to have kids in the first place is fine.
He didn't swear at the salesperson. It's not like he turned to her and called her a lying cunt. He said the car obviously wasn't fucking taken care of. And it obviously was not. If that sets someone off, I don't want to buy from them anyway.
I'd have fucked off as soon as I saw damage on the car, but if they told me they wouldn't be doing business with me because I said fuck, I'd laugh my ass off. Oh I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were still in fucking grade school. 

I recently went to a dealership to look at a new car. I've known all my life I'd buy this car, but now that I'm actually in a place where either can buy one, I want to be sure I get the one I actually want, not just settle on whatever's on the lot. I'm in my mid 20s and I suppose haing my mom with me at the time didn't do me any favors, but she was visiting on a weekend and we were out so I decided to stop at a dealership I hadn't been to just to see what they had. The guy that I was dealing with kept being pretty pushy about being able to afford it. It didn't bother me much at the time, but after I left I looked back and realized how much he was doubting I could pay for the damn thing. How much money I have is none of your fucking business. And besides, what do you care if someone ends up falling behind on the payments and loses their car? The bank took the gamble on them, not you. 

At least I crossed a dealership off my list. One fewer to consider when I come around to buying.
I don't buy that this is an actual Google product. It just looks like a Chinese knockoff. Screen printed logo on a simple, fuck-ugly teardrop case? Nah, not buying it.
A code in exchange for a a shitty encode at a quarter the bitrate of the BD I bought? Fuck no, I'll rip it myself. They should save the paper and not bother with the code.
Jack stands are just steel. It's not going to suddenly return to just a few inches off the ground. 

A jack is hydraulic (usually, though a scissor jack is just as dangerous). It's designed to return to nearly flat so you can get it under the car in the first place. What happens when that little seal that's holding all that hydraulic fluid gives? You turn into a fucking pancake.

A jack is used to get your car up onto stands. Do not get under a car supported by a jack.
If you're taking the wheels off, you can lay them under the car as a backup.
The bigger the gob the better the job.
Holy shit, I missed this news somehow. I'd definitely consider grabbing one for $100 to separate my router from my server. At that price, it's an easy choice.
This is really a piss poor excuse for bad software. I'm a software engineer. I could build my own ROM if I wanted to. But I don't. I have better things to do with my time. My phone should work out of the box and I shouldn't have to fuck with it.
We're not even talking about companies. We're talking about home users. And it doesn't matter what people usually do, it matters what the poster you replied to does. You said they can't. They absolutely can. You're making a fool of yourself. It's like you stumbled into your Linksys admin page one day, read the "tips" that popped up, and now you think you know everything. You don't know your ass from a hole in the ground.
>most of the current cards blow most games out of the water.

Depends what you're trying to drive. I'm waiting for the next generation because a 1080Ti wouldn't even be enough for me right now and I'd hate to buy a top tier card now and then another one within a year.
You can if you assign your cameras IPs and block based on those source IP. I also don't see anything that says he didn't throw them on a completely separate subnet **that is blocked by the firewall from accessing the internet.**

You shouldn't call people names when you're the one being a fucking idiot.
Yes. Because it's cold storage. It's for backup, not for streaming your media library.
I'm not defending people who leave their carts. Kneecap them if you want, they're the scum of the fucking Earth among people who actually care about their cars. I'm just saying 10m to the store means you got the first spot (reserved for handicapped). I park way in the back as far away from anyone, and their carts, as I can manage.
Pretty sure those limitations are only for the normal backup service. B2 is cold storage.
It just always seem that Europeans fail to grasp how large and spread out the US is.
/r/datahoarder
On your mom's piece of shit Belkin all in one, sure. If you're segregating your network to separate protected devices from untrusted devices, you probably know how to configure a fucking firewall. It's not that hard.
Hence the separate VLAN that is given no access to the internet. The cameras don't phone home through the aether, they piggyback off the internet. You keep them from touching the internet and you have nothing to worry about. You'd have to be completely ignorant or completely mad to allow an IP camera to touch the internet.
>You usually walk about 10m max with your cart to bring it back.

God damn you have tiny stores.
Max EIRP is 4W. That's after gain from the antenna. 1W is the max Tx power.
The link you provided literally says radio frequency safety. It has nothing to do with regulation. 

https://www.air802.com/fcc-rules-and-regulations.html

http://afar.net/tutorials/fcc-rules/

Does it matter how many people have 500-1000Mbps? I said if you do, consumer routers cannot route anywhere near those speeds without offloading to dedicated hardware which dd-wrt does not support. I was pretty clear on that.
>What kind of elitist bullshit is that? People will use routers until they stop working. Customized firmware will easily make your purchase last for a couple more years. 

Custom firmware absolutely tanks routing performance of many routers. DD-WRT was pretty cool...a decade ago. Most consumer routers do not have CPUs capable of routing more than a couple hundred Mbps. They require offloading to ASICs. Most custom firmwares don't offload to that hardware. That isn't extending the life of a device. It's making the device useless. 

That link has absolutely nothing to do with the legal limits of 2.4 and 5 GHz. The max for transmit power is 1W. 

So, you know, who is full of misinformation?
What distances are we talking about? How many walls to go through? Floors? Etc.
Are interior walls block?
You can say it's an excuse or not, I don't really care. It was one of the points brought up and it is **very much illegal** to exceed limits set by FCC. 

The days of DD-WRT with the wrt54g are long gone. No one had half decent internet back then and you could route that kind of traffic on anything. Today consumer routers rely on ASICs to route at the speeds many people are getting these days. You throw that away with DD-WRT.

If you think you need DD-WRT, you should just step up and use something better.
This was one of the sticking points about locking down routers recently. You are **legally** limited on transmit power. Parts of the 2.4GHz and 5GHz band are open to use by everyone. There are rules in place for how you're allowed to use it so you don't fuck over other people. Cranking the power over this limit is a very, very big no-no. 

Do. Not. Do this.
>in a small house that struggles with signal issues.

There's no magic device that gets around environmental issues. Describe your house and we'll see if we can work with you there.
Who gets to decide when to apply your magic rule? You?
You make it sound like pfSense is ridiculous to use in a home setting. It's more like you own a house and you're a handy guy who likes to do anlittle DIY so you buy a truck. A tool that fits your needs.
I mean any AP. You are legally limited on transmit power so there's not much difference from one to another. There's no magic box that gives you more coverage.
>because it is a triband does that mean I can use 2 5Ghz and 1 2.4Ghz band all at the same time?

Not on any one device. The idea is you can steer a high throughput device (or a few of them) to one 5GHz band so they don't have to share airtime with everything else. Everything else is on the other 5GHz band. 2.4GHz is just legacy. 

>If I have about 10 devices do you think I need a triband or would the dual band of the 2300 work just fine?

It probably doesn't matter. It's really dependant on what you're doing. 10 idle devices is basically no load. 10 devices all trying to transfer to a NAS or something will kill your network no matter what. 

>Does the 2300 push out as strong and reliable of a signal as the 3200? Is the only real difference just the third band? I am not sure if I need the 3200 if the only difference is the 3rd band. If it has a stronger and more reliable of a signal I think it would be worth it but I just dont know if it does.

The signal is no different. It literally just has another, separate radio. It's still limited to the same transmit power every other AP is. You won't get more coverage from any single AP no matter what it is.
Yeah, look at this guy with fucking choices...
>I feel like the judge should be responsible for the crimes these teens will commit in the future.  

This is an absolutely horrible fucking idea. There's a reason they're not. There's no penalty for a judge getting something wrong because that would make for a ridiculously unfair system. A judge would have their own ass on the line for every decision they make. Who are they going to start thinking about? Themselves, obviously.
The law is the law. Not agreeing with the "morality" of a law is not a defense.
I fucking love going to view past posts by people like this. Wish me luck, I'm going head first into the deep end.

E: ah damn, he deletes his fucking retarded ramblings pretty quickly. He, unsurprisingly, doesn't buy global warming and he thinks evolution is just god making corrections. He'd fit right in with the aether types.
Like I said, I think it's a good idea, I'm just glad I didn't do it. It worked out fine for me without one.
I'm a software engineer with a CS degree. I understand the value of a co-op, but since I started my first year not in CS, it already took me 5 years to complete my degree. I got a job before I even graduated and I did just fine without the co-op.
A lot of engineering schools are starting to do that. Mine was considering it and really heavily suggested that everyone should do it anyway. I think it's a good idea but honestly, I'm glad I didn't have to do it.
Make aliases based on FQDNs or find an existing list. Make a firewall rule for that alias. Choose the gateway to send traffic that matches that rule.
>Im currently on co-op (paid internship essentially)

Just wanted to point out that internships (except in very particular situations) are also paid. If you're in an unpaid internship position and it isn't part of your schooling and you're contributing to the work being completed like any other employee, you're getting fucked.
Working from home isn't that great. Doing something you actually want to do is more important. I'd rather go to the office than work from home almost every single time. It's too easy to get distracted at home. I can always find something else that needs to be done at home and that just gets stuck on my mind all the time. 

Everyone thinks working from home is just going to be more flexible or easier or more comfortable or whatever. It really isn't. You still have to do work, the only difference is now you're at home where there's all kinds of other shit on your mind and time just fucking crawls.

I used to work at a TV station when I was in college. If you're looking to work from home because you don't want to deal with anyone or anything and just sit on your ass most of the time, go try to snag that job. I literally got paid to watch PBS.
It's much more likely to be an issue now more than any other time in the past. Tons and tons of noisy inductive loads (switch mode power supplies with fuck all filtering to save a few tenths of a penny) kill powerline. Plus, newer homes have more and more stringent codes to follow which include devices like ground fault interrupters and arc fault interrupters which do you no favors either.
It's pretty fucking bright. You would not be comfortable using a display that's actually pumping out at 1000nits unless you were also in direct sunlight.
When architectures change, it can actually take a little time before miners (software) really take advantage of the new hardware. And at the end of the day, if what you're mining is worth fuck all, it doesn't matter how fast you mine it, you won't make money.

We'll have to wait and see.
If it passes that test then you have to have something listening on that port.
>No botching a CLI command.

Uh, yeah, I've never mistyped in my life. Nope, not me....
You're still exposing the camera to the entire internet instead of just those in proximity to the network. Welcome to the bot net.

You can forward through both. The butter needs to forward to the IP of the inner and the inner needs to forward to the IP of the camera. It's entirely possible port 80 is being blocked elsewhere. It's not unheard of for an ISP to block port 80 on home connections.
Yeah, there are a couple things wrong here. First of all, opening an IP camera to the internet is a horrible idea. Then you have one network inside the other with both performing NAT. Also bad.
Some cable techs are just absolute fucking shit. Recently my parents switched back to cable and the tech pulled the coax out of a TV in the garage. Like, pulled the fucking tuner and all out the back of the TV and didn't say anything. Besides being drunk off your ass or dumber than a fucking bag of bricks, I don't understand how you could do that.
Uh, address goes in address, mask goes in mask, and gateway goes in gateway?
That has nothing to do with DOCSIS vs fiber. Do you think cable providers use copper all the way to their peers? Even if they did (they definitely don't) the medium has nothing to do with peering agreements. You could have a fiber provider who refuses to pay up to peer with someone that gives you a better route than a cable provider in the same region. You could have a fiber provider that's just too small to get any favorable peering with anyone whereas the big cable provider can get whatever they want. Or the exact opposite could be the case. Has nothing to with the medium used.
Ah, pull the ol' "you don't know what you're talking about" card.
fq_codel and cake immediately come to mind. I have no idea what consumer gear supports either. Never claimed any did. I don't use consumer routers.
You're ridiculous if you think a couple ms in latency makes any difference in gaming. 

AT&T has caps on their fiber. Spectrum doesn't have caps on their DOCSIS. Making blanket statements about arbitrary policies based on the underlying tech is stupid at best.
Reducing your bill to literally a third?  You guys act like cable doesn't even fucking work.
You don't have to cut 20% of your bandwidth to traffic shape around your limits and eliminate bufferbloat. If all you can manage is very strict, dumb queueing, sure. We have better algorithms for that now.
You said put the router in the house. If you put the router in the house, all those drops are dead, unless you go with a router on a stick layout but since the modem is in the garage, there's precisely zero reason to do that.
Why would you leave all that copper dead and use WiFi from a garage...
Yeah, that'll work.
All the Cat6 terminates in the garage.
Separate the AP from the router. Put a router in the garage and put an AP in the house.
That's personal preference. Not everyone needs a GUI for simple servers that shouldn't need to be touched after it's set up for the first time.
Yes, if possible. It's not a huge deal if you can't, but you remove one bottleneck if everything goes back to a single switch.
The cost of the device is a determining factor for every decision with the RPi. It is meant to be very cheap. What do you get with a dedicated gigabit NIC? Slightly better networking performance because you're still limited by USB. Even if the NIC isn't on USB, everything else is. What would you do with gigabit? Well, storage is still slow as shit so that's not really a good reason for increasing the cost and drastically reworking the board. The SoC is too slow to do any video decoding anywhere near 100Mbps let alone over that. It has fuck all RAM so not like you can move massive amounts of data to and from via RAM. I'm not intimately familiar with the SoC, but I don't think it has any capabilities for Ethernet onboard nor any links fast enough (PCIe) for an external controller to handle gigabit, hence piggybacking on USB. They'd have to source an entirely new SoC, and availability of documentation and OSS kernel modules for the SoC is one of the big goals of the RPi. That's why they're stuck with the GPU they have despite there being better options out there from a pure hardware point of view.
What question am I not answering? The "is it worth it" question? What it's worth is entirely up to the person buying it. I honestly don't expect gigabit in a device that can't make use of that speed anyway. Hell, my TV only has a 100Mbps NIC and it cost a couple orders of magnitude more than an RPi and you know what, it doesn't matter because because what it would be used for, that is streaming video, it can't handle anything that you'd need gigabit for. I had to buy an NV Shield to be able to decode high bitrate h265 anyway. It wasn't a NIC limitation, it was a limitation of the SoC in the TV. I see the RPi as the same thing. Anything where I'd need gigabit on a Pi means the Pi is the wrong choice because of reasons other than just the NIC. Replacing the NIC doesn't solve every other bottleneck.

I have addressed the same points you keep making over and over, you just don't care for the answer. That's fine. Buy whatever the fuck you think does a better job. I'm not even here telling people to buy RPis. This whole time I've been saying people buy them for the wrong reasons. That reason is rarely the NIC though.
Yeah, that's normal. Anything connected to the internet is constantly being spammed by someone trying to connect to someone else who is being a fucking idiot. Like all the people who were forwarding SSH to their RPis with default passwords or people who forward their completely insecure IP cams. This is how bot nets grow. This is why you have a firewall. It's simply doing its job.
You think businesses don't use FOSS?
He's running DNSMasq which is the same thing PiHole uses. He's effectively done the same thing himself.
Because 2.4GHz is extremely conguested in most places play WiFi has a ton of overhead. If you lived in bumfuck nowhere, you'd be able to pull ~150Mbps with the right clien device on that old router. If you live anywhere with people, that starts going down.

Having different SSIDs doesn't prevent you from using Chromecasts. SSIDs don't define networks. Something else is wrong with your setup.
All sounds pretty reasonable, but double your runs to locations that will have a TV. You'll never be mad that you have unused drops but you will be mad if you end up needing more.
They don't have enough I/O to be a media server. If you have a true, dedicated gigbit NIC on it, then what? You're gonna connect to a USB2 drive? Stop trying to make it something it isn't.
Of course there are. If you're doing anything on an RPi that needs gigabit, you're using the wrong tool. RPis are meant as educational devices. They make decent (and highly supported, all things considered) project boards. They're very low end devices for very cheap. People just keep pushing them into roles they have not business being in.
Yeah, that's what I said. But USB2 is faster than 100Mbps and there's nothing between 100BASE-T and 1000BASE-T so to fully utilize the USB bus, you need a gigabit port. It's still negoatiated as gigabit, there's just a separate bottleneck.
TVs are 16:9. A ~30" TV is going to be a fair bit bigger (and thus harder to use as a monitor).
Depends on your build of course. Everyone builds at different prices.
No, an extender will only make it worse. Realistically you need Ethernet or an appropriate substitute like MoCA.
Like I said, I haven't used consumer routers for awhile. Trust me, I know all about lackluster fq_codel support as a pfSense user.
The only one of those that's even worth considering is the third one honestly. I like RPis, but they should be used in situations that match their hardware. A NAS is not one of those situations.
The new RPi3+ or whatever they're calling it has a gigabit port. You're still limited by the USB bus which is also going to be shared with any attached drive. Definitely wouldn't recommend.
Bufferbloat is simply a nature of letting a network run on its own when there are mismatched links. Whatever you're downloading from would happily send you more than whatever your download actually is. They'll pound you with data until it limits itself. While this is happening, nothing else is getting through. This manifests as an increase in latency as other packets have to get mixed in and make their way through the bottleneck whenever they get a chance. 

You've always had bufferbloat, you just probably haven't noticed. It'll only happen when either uplink or downlink (or both) are completely saturated. The only way to fix it is to traffic shape at the bottleneck (your router). Most home class routers suck at QoS though.
Welcome to powerline. Nothing you can do about it.
Yeah, with traffic shaping. I'm unfamiliar with most consumer routers out there though so I can't say if yours is any good at it. I think Asus's routers can do fq_CODEL, but that might only be with third party firmware.
Get bonded MoCA 2.0. I don't have specific recommendations, sorry.

You either get a device that has coax passthrough or you simply put a splitter at your modem so you can plug both in.

You should also get a filter and put it on your line as it comes into your house so you don't backfeed MoCA to your neighbors.
Yes, it can. If they're saturating your downlink, which is pretty likely from Steam, you can experience bufferbloat. This is a separate issue from WiFi.
The best thing you can do is get as much as you can off WiFi. A TV doesn't ever move, sonit doesn't need WiFi. 

You have to share airtime with everyone in the same channel as you. When you start packing a bunch of small apartments together and everyone makes their own WiFi network, suddenly you have a ton of overlap and there's no magic cure. Wire as much as you can and put anything you can't on 5GHz.
The first is coax. You can use that for MoCA. You get a pair if MoCA adapters, one where your router is and one wherever it is you're looking to get a connection to the network. Both plug into the coax, magic happens, and you have internet.

The second one is indeed a phone line. Depending how your house was wired, it might be possible to rewire these for Ethernet. We'd need to know what it looks like where these all run back to. 

Powerline is a joke. Stay away. 

 The best solution is to run Ethernet. The next best is MoCA. After that, you're probably best off with WiFi.
There more to networking than just internet. Your local traffic is independent of the internet. I assuem you want a time capsule because you want to backup some Macs. You'd want your local connection to be as fast as possible.
Cat5 is the best there was when 1000BASE-T was defined. It is the cable spec that was used for gigabit. Saying 1000BASE-T requires Cat5e is like saying 10GBASE-T required Cat9.
Cat5 is rated for gigabit.
You're not listening. There's literally nothing that's going to do it.
You're not getting 1Gbps over WiFi, sorry. WiFi has typical overhead of 40-50%. You'd need a link of 2Gbps to even have a hope in hell of getting 1Gbps over WiFi.
If those are decent routers and they're not too much of a pain to setup as APs, then go for it. Range is going to be the same regardless, give or take a little for antenna designs. The big limiting factor is that they're legally limitied in transmit power (generally to 1W, but I'm not familiar with AUS laws). Roaming is entirely up to the devices that are roaming. You can get kinda heavy handed and kick them off if they try to hang on with a low signal, but it's still up to that device to pick a better AP to connect to.
What's "normal?" Right now, yeah, left side cases are probably more common. Go back a couple decades and I'm pretty sure you'll find the opposite. I remember mobos being mounting on the other side more often than not. Maybe you're just new to PCs.
What the "top" is depends on how you mount it. So, in all those Dell cases I was talking about, yeah, the PS/2 connector is at the bottom. 

These are trends. You can get a case that mounts vertically in either orientation. You can get cases that mount the Mobo horizontally for all it matters. You don't need to change the mobo.
Who says that layout is normal? Why would you need to change mobo layout to maintain and arbitrary layout? My first "upright" case long ago was the other way around. It was very common to find PCs that way. Like I said, I have a stack of generic off the shelf Dell systems that were that way.
I don't understand where this idea comes from. Do you guys think there isn't dust in a house with hardwood floors?
What the fuck are you guys talking about? There are plenty of cases with this layout (currently called "inverted"). It also wasn't uncommon to find PC from big names configured this way as well. I have three ancient Dell's sitting in a closet that open from the right side. 

All you do is flip the Mobo over the other way. So the PCIe slots are "above" the CPU. What's that matter to anyone? You don't need a special "mirrored motherboard" that no one is going to build. A standard ATX board will fit just fine.
There are plenty of people here who haven't bought into the Ubiquiti hype. I'm pretty sure most of the people you see here touting Ubiquiti are users that fall somewhere between "I just want my magic internet box" and "I know what I'm doing, give me control." They see that it's *slightly* more complicated than your average off the shelf from Best Buy router and think that's better, but they don't really do anything with it and end up setting it up in the most basic config where any other router/AP combo would have done just as well. But they think it's better so they recommend it and they all start echoing a bit. Those same people would be fine with any half decent "WiFi router" type device as well, but maybe this was their first step up from the baragin basement $50 tier shit hardware so they think it's the shit. 

I think there is a minority of us who try to not push any hardware specifically. I know I try to stay away from recommendations, at least specifically narrowing it down to a single product, because I haven't played with everything out there right now. I can't say how good something is if I haven't used it. And I'm still using 802.11n because honestly I don't need much from WiFi. So I try to stick to the technical questions about networking in general and pfSense questions because that's what I use so I'm somewhat familiar with it.
A router is a layer 3 device. It connects networks together. An AP is a layer 2 device. It connects devices to the network. An AP is just WiFi. 

The Ubiquiti AC-Lite and TP-LINK EAP225 are good 2x2 AC APs. If you want to go 3x3, there are the EAP245 and AC-Pro. Going beyond that...there's not much of a point right now.
SmallNetBuilder is probably the best place to get reviews. But that said, how WiFi performs in one test won't really tell you how it will perform in your house. It's entirely possible that you'll just need multiple APs to cover your house appropriately. Notice I said APs, not routers. Stop half asking your network and do it right and you won't have to keep trolling review sites looking for the magic bullet that will never come.
It's pretty simple to do policy based routing like this with pfSense. A spare PC and a $20 NIC pulled from an old server on eBay and you're ready to go.
Really no way to do this right with the limitations you have, but the best you're going to be able to do is get a bridge (wireless brdige, media bridge, client bridge, they go by many names) to connect to your existing WiFi and then put a router behind that. Build your network from there.
Nope, that was Comcast breaking net neutrality to give themselves an unfair advantage over other streaming services.
Yeah, 10G isn't *too* bad. Certainly better than trying to do it over copper. But SFP stuff is dirt cheap (because everyone with fiber wants to ditch their SFP stuff for SFP+).
Yes, of course it uses a lot of data. That's the point. You've replaced your cable bill with internet streaming and your cable provider isn't happy because they've been using cable to make money hand over fist for decades.
Yeah, auto selecting channels never works. Cisco has some papers about picking channels other than 1, 6, 11 and when that works, but that's more in an application where you control all the APs, where they're placed, and what transmit power the use. For a home setting where you have a lot of APs sitting nearly on top of each other with no cooperation between them, it's best to just keep them separate.
There's nothing complicated about a DNS resolver compared to a forwarder. Just instead of asking some other resolver to do a lookup for you, you go straight to **the** DNS servers and navigate through them until you get to the name you're looking for. From your end, that is everything on your network and up to the resolver, nothing changes.
Fiber isn't really that expensive. The fiber itself is dirt cheap and if you're just going for gigabit it'd be pretty cheap to get a pair of switches with SFP ports. I assume you'd want a switch at either end anyway so there isn't that much added cost there.
Saying your RPi running PiHole handles most of your lookups because it caches is like saying any off the shelf router or even your end devices handle most of the lookups. They cache as well. You're still going through a third party when you first do a resolution and whenever those lookups expire and need to be refreshed. 

Replace DNSMasq with Unbound and you get the idea. Your Pi would reach out to the root DNS servers themselves and do the lookup all by yourself. I don't run this on an RPi so I can't say exactly how well it would work, but I imagine for a typical home network it would be fine.
Yes, 4 overlaps 1 and 6. But 4 doesn't overlap 9. There's no "hard" rule for which channels to use. 

1, 6, and 11 aren't **the only** channels that don't overlap, they're just the only way to fit 3 non-overlapping channels on the available spectrum (when you can use 1-11).  You could do 2 and 9 or 4 and 10 or a lot of other combinations of two channels.
>I thought the hard standard was ONLY use 1, 6, or 11.

No, you can use any channel that's open to use in your country. You could use channel 2 and 7 and they wouldn't overlap. 1, 6, and 11 just gives you the most coverage of the open spectrum (in the US) without overlapping. You're free to use whatever you want, but "best practice" is usually to stick to 1, 6, or 11.

Really, 2.4Ghz is too oversaturated for any high bandwidth or low latency uses in most places. It's probably going to end up being mainly used by IoT garbage and people who don't know any better.
Hey, if you think the people who pay the bills don't get some benefit out of it, then go ahead and use it. I will not.
A DNS resolver doesn't have to do much. On a typical home connection, it's going to see very little load. An RPi should do just fine.
The only things I have to trust are the root servers. I run my own resolver. There's always some amount of trust involved. I've minimized how many people I have to trust.

Quad 9 is funded by two law enforcement agencies. Nothing false about that.
The problem is WiFi is a shared medium and half duplex. It's not a bandwidth issue as the Steam Link streams at or below 30Mbps. That's fuck all bandwidth. The problem is latency and the changing availability or bandwidth due to having to share airtime with every other wireless device on the same channel. You can't send data wirelessly to your AP at the same time it sends wirelessly to your Steam Link. It has to go PC to AP stop, PC to Link stop, Link to AP stop, AP to PC stop. If anything else is using WiFi on that channel (on your network or anyone else's network within range), they all get to take a turn in that mess round robin fashion.
Handoff is down to devices themselves. If all APs have the same SSID and security but different channels, devices will move from AP to AP when they want to. That's just the nature of WiFi. With properly placed APs, it should be fine. 

How many you'll need depends on the layout and structure of the house. Best you can do on your own is experiment and see what works.
That's already gigabit. You're losing ~4% to overhead. That's nothing.
Plenty of Arris modems, this one included, are just modems.
There are 256 numbers represented by a byte (0-255). You don't get 0 because that's the network number and you don't get 255 because that's the broadcast address (in this case). The first usable address in this case is 12.34.56.1 and the last is 12.34.55.254.
Use whatever you want. I don't need someone else controlling which names actually resolve and which don't and I will not recommend anyone else uses a DNS forwarder run by law enforcement. I believe there is nothing to gain there for you and everything to lose.
And now we see *why* cable companies have caps. They'd rather you didn't drop cable. 

Limiting bandwidth is just going to make your viewing experience suck. Why would you want that? You have to cut your usage by a quarter which is a fair amount. You'd need to stream a lower bitrate (shittier quality). Trying to ham fist this by limiting throughput to streaming devices is just going to make steaming suck. 

The only feasible option I see, assuming you can't change ISPs, is to suck it up and pay to remove the cap. Again, this is exactly what Comcast wants. If they're going to lose cable sjbs because cable is dead, they're going to find another way to squeeze a little more out of you.
Multiple APs around the house and anything that doesn't move gets wired. If he has a 4500 sq ft house, he can afford to pay someone to run as much Ethernet as he needs.
>What's with all these recent implications that Quad9 is somehow a law enforcement honeypot or some shit?

It **is** funded by law enforcement. That's completely unnecessary. That's all I need to recommend not using it.
A DNS forwarder funded by law enforcement with built in filtering. Hard fucking pass.
It could be faster. It might be slower. Only way to know is to test it. 

Note that it's only your DNS. If you're asking if it's going to change your latency to a given server (like in game in something), the answer is no. It's just going to change where you go when you need to resolve a name.
They should have an official list on their site somewhere.
>I noticed a good amount of people on Amazon review claiming their success with repeater mode

People who don't know what they're talking about, maybe. Repeaters don't solve any problems. They can't. You don't want a repeater.
You plug it in, call your ISP, and give them the MAC of the modem.
No it wouldn't. The gateway address is the address it goes to when an IP doesn't pass the test with the subnet mask, that is any address that isn't local to the subnet.
Stop getting ideas from LTT. They have no idea what they're doing.
Local traffic doesn't go past the switch. It's not sent through the router's CPU. That would be way, way, way too slow.
>It can latch onto packets

Local traffic isn't routed. It doesn't go past the switch. 

>How do you think hackers who use viruses can infect a whole network of devices?

Almost always via a comprised device inside the network because an end user was an idiot.
Only traffic two and from the internet goes through your router. Most, if not all, of that traffic is going to be encrypted, especially on a phone. You're not stopping much malware at your router without breaking SSL and rendering your network useless to anyone. And you're not stopping anything that's already inside your network from spreading (like if someone brought an already infected device over).
Move the router. Add APs. 

5GHz attenuates faster than 2.4GHz.
Again, that's nothing to do with the capabilities of Freesync, it has to do with someone making a shit monitor.

>Even the best FreeSync application usually does like a 40-Max rate where gsync will keep working below that and start frame doubling.

Freesync does frame doubling. It's driver side. You just need a freesync range with the high end 2.5x the low end. 

Again, freesync is capable of everything gsync is. There are bad examples of it. That isn't the fault of the tech. Just don't buy a shit monitor.
Does it have an SSID?
I don't use UPnP. I was playing FC5 yesterday with a buddy of mine.
Help him change. Tying your email to your ISP is ridiculous.
A router wouldn't stop a virus inside a network anyway. Traffic within a network doesn't touch the router.
A very shitty NAS, sure.
I honestly didn't know anyone used their ISP email addresses... I've never sent to or received from one that I can think of.

And a business email? Sheesh...
>Run two cat6s and just aggregate them on each end?

This doesn't give you double the bandwidth. Not that I imagine you would be saturating 20Gbps, but you won't get over 10Gbps on any single connection (assuming we're talking about 10Gbps NICs here). 

>Run two cat6s and just aggregate them on each end?

Of course you can do fiber. Distance won't be an issue and there's no reason you couldn't run it in walls.
I guess it's just something that absolutely doesn't affect me because I'll never buy something by just looking at a little logo on a box and assuming that means a damn thing. And I have no sympathy for someone who can't spend 10 minutes googling a monitor before they pull the trigger.
I'm not making excuses for these shit monitors, but you should probably do a bit of research before dropping a few hundred bucks on something...

**Freesync** is as good as Gsync. A particular monitor can be worse than another monitor. That includes adaptive sync features. It also includes a whole bunch of other issues you can have with a panel. 

Buy quality stuff and do a little bit of effort into it instead of just buying whatever has the flashiest packaging. Otherwise you might end up with a monitor with shit freesync range or a gsync monitor with terrible blur.
Freesync and gsync do the same things. They're capable of the same things. The fact that there are bad freesync monitors doesn't mean freesync is bad. Freesync is capable of frame doubling. It's cable of going to arbitrarily high refresh rates. It works with and without vsync. It achieves the same things.

I say that as someone with an gsync monitor. I'm not a fan boy. I don't care one way or the other.
Great way to ask for help. No one here is going to help a disrespectful little shit deal with his parents.
You're not asking for family advice but you're asking about a family problem. We're not gonna help you.
Assuming that's your birth year and you're 20 years old, move out? Talk to your dad's like an adult? Pay for your own internet? If it's his network, you don't really get to decide what he does with it, but you can be a grown up and talk to him about it. Maybe you're up all night making noise and he has to go to the work in the morning. Maybe you're running them against their data cap. Maybe he's a controlling piece of shit. In any case, this is a people problem, not a networking one.
Don't do this. If you want to use the second router, just ditch or bypass the first one. What you're trying to do (a repeater) is exactly the worst possible way to do this.
192.168.1.33 is the router's IP on your other router's network. You have a network within a network and that's a problem. You need to either ditch the router you got from your ISP, bypass it if it's a modem/router combo and use it as only a modem, or make your new router an AP.
In the NAT rules. I think you need to do manual or hybrid rules as there's no way to change the automatic rules. Then there's simple a toggle in the NAT rules for port randomization.
It's entirely up to clients to decide when to switch APs. If you have both APs with the same SSID and security settings but on different channels, a device will move from one to another when it wants to. If that's not happening when you want them to, that's an issue with that device, not your AP. You can try to persuade devices to switch at more appropriate times by lowering the transmit power of your APs so they overlap less, and there are some heavy handed approaches where a device that falls below a certain signal strength is kicked off the network, but it's still up to the device to choose to connect to the better AP. Some devices just suck at doing this.
Trust me, I understand. But you have plenty of time to save up. I assume you have room to move up too since you got a degree. Eventually you'll be making more money and spending less on fixed, monthly costs. At that point, getting a new car will seem easy.
It's not just about how much you make, but also your other expenses. If I didn't have to make payments in my student loans and instead spent the same on a car payment (or just saved it then bought a car outright, however you want to do it), I could go out and buy a Mustang without a second thought. But, since I can't just not make payments on my student loans, I can't afford a Mustang right now. It doesn't matter what your salary is, it matters how much disposable income you have. 

Save up. Put money in savings and just don't touch it for a long time. You'll get there eventually.
Extenders don't fix problems, they make them. An extender will only make things worse. 

Getting 50Mbps over WiFi isn't "good." That would have been good a decade ago. 

I'm guessing your router is extremely out dated. Probably 2.4GHz only, which in an apartment situation (assuming close proximity to others) is a recipe for disaster. Can you provide the model of your router?
These are 3440x1440 100Hz IPS (one of only two monitors using this panel in existence). It's the best ultrawide available right now, hands down.
Have you tried disabling port randomization in NAT? That's usually what causes the issues you're having. I don't even use UPnP. I just disabled port randomization for the bottom half of my subnet and keep all my DHCP reservations down in the bottom half and I haven't had any connection problems since.
I didn't downvote you. I don't care if people like shitty soda, so long as they're not making me drink it. 

Looks like people just don't like soda in general or something. Both sides are downvoted.
I'll take Pibb over Dr Pepper every single time without a second thought. It's like Coke vs Pepsi. Pibb has that bite at the end. Dr Pepper tastes concentrated candied cherries.
I'm not familiar with their UI. It sure would suck if they have signal info from end users.
What modem is it?
Your router won't log by application. If you want to know what service or program or whatever is causing it, logging at the router won't help. It will tell you the source and destination (IPs or hostnames) of the data though.
You should, assuming you have an appropriate modem (you didn't mention it). Can you grab signal info from your modem? Probably on 192.168.100.1
Yeah, if I was your ISP I'd refuse to help you until you ditch that router. That's insanely out of date. 

Test without the router. You should be getting your advertised speeds directly connected to the modem. From that router, who know what you'll get, but it won't be 200Mbps.
I honestly don't have a good answer for you. I've never bothered to track usage at layer 7.
Yes, you're overreacting. WiFi radios are limited to 1W max. Go find a random light bulb in your house. That's at least an order of magnitude more radiation than your WiFi. There's more energy coming from the screen of your phone than the WiFi radio. It's completely harmless.
It could be just about anything. Unfortunately without any logging on your end, you're not really going to be able to figure that out.
I understand, but it's not like this usage throws some red flags like someone is abusing anything. That's very, very reasonable usage. You're talking 300-400GB on the high end there. I use over a TB a month and I live alone. Someone could easily be hitting that just watching some YouTube or Netflix every day.
Usage would have to go through your router. If you have a modem/router combo, they can also go through that. Those are the only ways someone can use "your internet."
Ha, that's not a lot of data at all. Anyome streaming anything can **easily** hit that. I'm sure most people here saw "a lot of data" and thought "a couple TBs." It's why I asked.
How much data are we talking here? 

There's no way to know without logging and your router wasn't logging that kind of data unless you set it up to be. Your ISP might have usage by the day logs that you can see if you think that will help you narrow it down. But your ISP can't tell which device used data when. It's all the same to them.
By simply listening. There's a source and destination MAC address in every single MAC frame. MAC provides 0 security. It's not meant to.
You don't need to access the router to see what MACs are on the whitelist. You can simple so and listen for devices which are connected, assume they're whitelisted since they're, you know, in use, and then spoof one of those. 

You've just demonstrated that you have no idea what you're talking about. MAC filtering is the easiest thing to get around.
Maximum allowed temp on die of an 8700K, for example, is 100C. You cannot run an Intel CPU at 120C. It'll thermal shutdown.
No difference. That router should be capable of routing 300Mbps and it has more than adequate WiFi. Any problems you have are likely due to the nature of WiFi, not the router.
Get a separate AP, assign it a different SSID, and keep it on a different channel. Now you have your own, dedicated connection all the time and you never have to fuck with anything.
MAC filtering (especially whitelisting) is just a huge pain in the ass for whoever has to manage it. It also only keeps the most basic of users off the network. It's **incredibly** easy to spoof your MAC to one that's on the whitelist (or isn't on the blacklist) and you're around the "security."  There are also devices which cycle or randomize their MAC addresses periodically. Good luck keeping up with that. 

MAC filtering is handwavy bullshit at best.
Put it back in the box, get a refund, and buy literally anything else. 

You haven't provided which router you're using, so we have nothing to go on other than brand name, but Belkin makes some pretty bad networking gear so I'd start by ditching it and getting just about anything else.
>Unless you can get 6e or 7 for <50% premium I would stick with 6

There's no such thing as 6e and 7 is an ISO standard not used by TIA which means it will be, at best, 6a when used for Ethernet.
This is definitely not going to work. There are two wires there because they're daisy chaninning. You *might* be able to get a 10Mbps link across this mess.
An Intel CPU will not run at 120C...
What for? BD movies? UHD BD?
Chipsets for 8th gen haven't even dropped and only a small portion of the 8th gen is available and you're asking about the 9th? Why not wait for 10?
Well no, it's pretty good at dealing with it. Since the pairs are twisted, any noise should cancel out. You also can't really avoid electronics when that's what you're wiring to in the first place. Maybe avoid running right next to mains if you can, but it's unlikely to matter too much.
"Flicker free" as in it doesn't have a PWM backlight? Absolutely in my book. PWM backlights suck and can cause eye strain and headaches.
You said air coolers are fine if you're not overclocking and some are loud.

Air coolers are fine for overclocking and there are loud and quiet air and liquid coolers. It's clear what you meant and it was wrong.
You need better throughput. There is no magic box you're going to put in your neighbor's place that will fix this. You need a dedicated link between the two. Point to point is the way to go.
Get a horizontal case. Or an inverted case. Or a case with a vertical GPU mount. It's not hard.
No, it almost certainly won't.
/r/mechanicalkeyboards
Like a game server? You still don't need threadripper.
You've never heard of a noisy AIO?
Overclocking your CPU when you're GPU limited won't gain you anything. 

Yes, 1440 is that much more demanding than 1080.
There's actually not a huge jump in performance from preset to preset in FC5. In a way, they did a pretty good job of keeping things looking good across the different settings, but that also means unless you really lower some of the settings that really make a difference in visuals, you don't have much to gain. Going from high to medium definitely isn't going to bump framerates by the nearly 100% increase OP is looking for here.
I've seen more 10s than 172s. In fact, I don't think I've ever seen a 172 besides my own. Apple gear uses 10.0.0.0/24 by default. I'm sure there are others. 

Corporate networks are usually somewhere in 10.0.0.0/8 because there's so much room to play with there and they're less likely to conflict with someone on a VPN at home (where they're almost certainly using something in 192.168.0.0/23).
/r/homenetworking

>Since my internet speed will bottleneck wifi transfer speeds (almost certainly), I'm really more concerned about data transfer from an UnRaid/Plex server I have by the router to a PC a floor above. 

Your internet speed has nothing to do with your local transfers. 

Both ends are important here. Your router has a 3x3 AP, but does your desktop?

>I'm willing to spend several hundred dollars on a better router *if* it will deliver much better transfer speeds. 

If you're willing to spend that kind of money, why not ask your landlord if it's ok to have a professional come run a drop to the office?
>High purity (99% if you can get it, 70% is okay) isopropyl alcohol

You aren't going to find 99% isopropyl alcohol. The highest purity you can (conventionally) distil isopropyl alcohol is 91% (by volume). To get higher than that is going to be way more expensive a process than they're going to bother doing for what you can find at a drug store.
>will these parts fit into my Game Max Falcon Gaming Case

Assuming the case uses standard ATX mounting, yes.

>the fans were already on the motherboard, will they clip onto my new one

Yes.
It's not worth anywhere near $125.
That PCIe card he posted also has a USB3 header on the back. Here's another which might be clearer. https://www.amazon.com/Anker-Uspeed-Express-20-pin-Connector/dp/B007SJGGAE
Air coolers are fine for overclocking and can get quieter than AIOs. What are you talking about?
Their higher end ones probably are all puma. At least until they start rolling out D3.1 (in like a decade considering Comcast).
Ah fuck, it's the SB6190. I hate Arris's numbering scheme.
I don't as I've always built my own and I don't have any experience with any builders.
Yes.
> If 300 or less, get an SB6183 modem

~~Don't. The 6183 uses the Puma 6 chipset which has an inherent, hardware latency issue.~~

Disregard. Arris couldn't bother to have a sensible numbering scheme.
/r/homenetworking

TL;DR don't get a modem/router combo; get a separate modem and router. Best thing you can do to improve your network is it as much as possible off WiFi. A router doesn't magically fix a bandwidth issue sonif you just don't have enough throughput to share, there's not much you can do.
If you're not going to build it yourself, just buy a full prebuilt. Prices on prebuilts are fairly attractive right now.
A router is responsible for connecting networks together. A managed switch without a router having multiple interfaces (virtual or physical) will get you nothing.
Did you install the antennae?
I agree. I recently got a 1TB SSD and you might be surprised at how quickly you can fill it..
Depends if you can wait to see what the new GPUs bring or not. They're still probably a good ways out. I'm personally waiting, but if you want to pull the trigger any time soon, ansigle 1080Ti is really your only choice.
It'll make no difference. Technically, it's less "demanding" since you'll have less current on the AC side. But it's completely negligible. Efficiency is higher on higher voltages too, but again, pretty negligible.
>also i need the functionality of a server.

Such as? You described a storage server.
Honestly, save up and build a new PC.
>i find it difficult to believe that they would cap me so precisely at around 100Mbps?

That's extremely likely. You're almost certainly falling back to 100BASE-T. 100Mbps only needs two pairs. Gigabit and beyond need all 4 pairs.
Don't worry about meaningless internet points. Someone downvotes all kinds of shit here.
You get a router that supports VLANs.
Pick your folder you want to share on your computer, right click, share, and select the user and rights you want to have access to it. On your phone, connect to the IP of your computer and use the username and password of the user you gave access to.
I'd love symmetric... I'd take bumping my 100/10 up to 100/100 over going to 200/20.
>is made by ~~Linksys~~ Belkin and is thus garbage.

Now Foxconn. How much further can they fall...
Since the PC is running Windows you can just share your various media folders using SMB. If you just want to access the filesystem I recommend [Solid Explorer.](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=pl.solidexplorer2) If you want something library based, I suggest [Kodi.](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.xbmc.kodi)
Powerline. I don't know when it got the generic name PLC, but I always double take when I see it used here.
As far as I'm aware, there's only one D3.1 chipset out in products, so all the D3.1 modems are going to be very similar

There's nothing special about gaming when it comes to your network. It's the same as any other low bandwidth, low latency use case. Don't buy anything that's branded "gaming."
Yes. In the world of home network, "NAT" is one to many and requires tracking states. There's of course very simple one to one NAT, but that's not going to help you share the single IP your ISP gives you with your whole network.
I'm correcting misinformation. People say NAT provides protection all the time. It's wrong.
Then stop saying NAT is what provides protection. I fucking hate that.
The vast majority of people heavily favor downlink. See most ISPs forcing people into 10:1 or worse ratio connections. For most people, they primarily download. Of course that might not be OP's situation. Hell, maybe most of his traffic is going to be in the reverse direction. That's why the generic is preferred.
> IPv6 is designed to allow individual addressing, but I don't think this is the case here

So? You still have a firewall between you and the outside world. It's certainly not an issue here because 1) a firewall protects your network and 2) he states IPv4 addrs.

>He's using a home brew nat router. The basic rule is no ingress external connections. For intents and purposes, it's a single rule firewall

NAT doesn't work without state tracking. You do that with a stateful firewall. It's the firewall that provides security, not NAT. NAT is just a pain in the ass hack to make use of a very limited address space. If you didn't have NAT, you'd still have the same protections (no inbound connections unless it's in response to an outbound connection that initiated it) thanks to the firewall.



Do you actually need the POTS? I'd rather get a plain modem. Does spectrum offer any modems with telephony that aren't also routers? I haven't had a home phone in...at least a decade so I have no idea what's on offer anymore.
>I do believe those are half duplex ratings so you would see half that speed on through put. 

Assuming equal usage in both directions, yes, half duplex would be half throughput (minus overhead for acks and stuff). This isn't always the use case though. It's more accurate to just say you get X half duplex. However you see fit to divide that is up to you. If that ends up being nearly all in one direction, you don't get X/2 down and a mostly wasted X/2 up.
It could be any number of things. They could just be swamping the connection and the landlord's hardware can't handle it (because he doesn't know what he's doing). They could just be swamping the connection so it seems unresponsive. They could be actively trying to take you down while they're using the network so they have it all to themselves. Again, there's no way at all for us to know with what you've given us.
And if you don't have a firewall protecting your network (regardless of IP type), you have much bigger concerns than your neighbor seeing your PCs.
Microwaves cause interference with (2.4GHz) WiFi, not Ethernet. At least not in the sense that it's blasting the same frequency and you have to compete with it. Ethernet is in the 100s of MHz range. 

The issue with Ethernet would be random noise induced on the lines making the signal harder to discern from the random noise rather than a specific frequency causing interference. This noise can come from anything from random noise generated by nearby electronics to AC coupling from running next to mains lines.
>I've already made up my mind and that I'm buying a PLC to improve my connection at home. It suits me best.

I'm sorry.

>Afaik, these PLC devices send signal through the electrical wiring in the house but these ones have a wifi adapter. How does it work exactly?

If they have any sense, they combine an AP with the powerline adapter. 

>Does it repeat the wifi signal from the router? In this case, if I connect my pc to the adapter the speed I'll get would be from LAN or wifi speed?

Assuming it's an AP, it works like any other AP. You could configure it to have the same SSID as your router and devices will roam as they see fit. 

Stop calling powerline LAN. LAN is local area network. Your WiFi is part of your LAN. Your Ethernet connected devices are part of your LAN. Your powerline devices will be part of your LAN. If you mean "wired" as in like Ethernet, powerline is nothing like Ethernet. It's much more line WiFi that you're piping into your mains instead of the air. It works very similarly only it's on a different medium with different challenges to face.

But back to the speeds you'll see. You'll see whatever the limiting factor is. The backhaul is powerline which will probably end up being slow. But the AP built into those into things is probably shit as well, so it might be the bottleneck. I'd put money on the powerline being the slowest link in the chain though.
>But I'm also inclined to think it may be IPv6 related

IPv6 doesn't just open up your entire network. 

>Properly set up NAT routers block initiated inbound traffic

This is what a firewall does. NAT is not security, it's an inconvenience.
>My landlord doesn't seem to care about the situation either.

This is why you never accept these "free" internet living situations. The landlord doesn't just not care, he doesn't know what he's doing. 

Hard to say what the problem is without knowing the whole setup and what your neighbors are doing.
Extenders/repeaters double air time and thus cut throughput in half. 

Get a pair if point to point wireless radios and an AP for the neighbors. Job done.
Either he will or it'll happen again. Some people aren't quick learners. 
The issue is there on all 970s, SLI or no. It doesn't always cause a problem. Just because you have all VRAM utilized doesn't mean you're constantly accessing all of it.
I'd say an AC-HD and that EA9300 are equally bad choices.

It's not about buying Ubiquiti stuff, it's about buying quality stuff. For many people here, they immediately jump to Ubiquiti. They're not the only ones that make good gear, but they're well liked.
It says it doesn't work with *some* switches. This is why these proprietary bullshit systems don't take off.
That's for the USB3 controller. Windows 7 didn't have a default driver for xhci. 

The problem with using Ryzen or Skylake (or newer) architectures with Windows 7 is that Microsoft won't push microcode and platform specific updates to you.
They have 4GB of VRAM, it's just missing a group of ROP and memory controller compared to the 980 that it's cut from. The two 512M chunks of memory have to share a single memory controller. You can't access both at the same time, so the last half gig is avoided for as long as possible because it's slow to access anything on it.
There's no reason you couldn't have a switch between them.
Sounds like you have a network nested inside another network.
Everyone learns eventually.
>pfSense does not have all of the built-in security features the Ubiquiti products offer.

Such as?

All I said is what I use. I'm not getting into a fanboy argument with you. Use whatever you want for your network, I don't give a shit.
Yeah but that would double OP's data usage.
I'd be surprised if they didn't. 

But back to your questions, the issue isn't so much about protecting yourself from others who connect to the hotspot. Moreso the issue is that unless they're doing some fancy proxying, which I'm pretty positive they're not, your traffic over the air isnt encrypted. This isn't a huge issue for anything that's already encrypted (like HTTPS) but I'd still never do it. I could sit outside your house and snoop on all your traffic.
You have to sign in to your Comcast account to use those hotspots. Doesn't that usage then count against your cap?
I don't have any Ubiquiti stuff. I rolled my.own server and run pfSense in a VM. Way better than any off the shelf router you're going to find.
>The 8700K is only 6/12 though

It doesn't matter what the core count is or what clocks you can hit. If there was a dual core or 20 core CPU that absolutely thrashed both of these CPUs at a similar price point, it would be better. Pointing out that a CPU is better or worse while having more or few cores doesn't mean anything.
Wait, so when Intel beats AMD because of higher clocks and better IPC, that's fine, but when AMD beats Intel because of higher core count, you feel you should average that out on a per core basis?
No, it's more like a barebones web browser.
Their networking gear is absolute trash.
>- 2 chromecasts + Steam Link + Synology NAS + 2 Desktops + Wifi Capability + Phones (2-12 (when entertaining)) + Room to expand for Home Automation (Planning on either Homeseer or HomeAssistant).

How much of this is on WiFi? The NAS obviously shouldn't be not should the Steam Link (and whatever it is streaming from). WiFi will absolutely kill the Steam Link.

You don't **need** to get Ubiquiti stuff. There's a lot of people here who really like their stuff, but they aren't the only option out there.

$500 is quite the budget. If.you spend anywhere near that much and you didn't end up building an overpowered PC for running pfSense, you fucked up.
>How are Powerline adapters these days? Any that are capable of 1gbps speeds? I

Not even fucking close. Your WiFi is faster.
>My PLA works completely fine but it randomly DCs unless I run ping from boot

So, not really completely fine then...
You're barking up the wrong tree. Fixing your WiFi coverage with extenders will only end in frustration. 

>I'm using a netgear nighthawk x6 as my router so its more than capable of providing those speeds

Not on WiFi. Your wireless speeds are fine. Test wired and then come back if you have a problem.
Cat7 is not used for Ethernet and anything labeled as cat7 and Ethernet is just lying to you to get you to think it's better. As soon as it's terminated, the best it can be is Cat6A. And in any case, Cat5 is plenty for a home anyway. Cat5 or 6, whatever you can get your hands on, will work.
$80 is the normal price for the AC-Lite. What are you finding for $150?
The lite is only $80. TP-LINK's EAP series is very similar and costs a little less.
>My thoughts were to set up an access point in that room using a long Ethernet cord. Doesn't sound like "magic" to me. Just wondering what kind of router/extender I should be looking for

It's not. However, when you say "extender," you're talking about a device that is snake oil. What you want does work, you just weren't using the right words. You're looking for an access point.
>What would be a good router for us to take advantage of our Gigabit connection wirelessly?

Nothing is going to magically get coverage where you don't currently get it. 

>Or should we just get a range extender?

Definitely not. If you don't have WiFi there now, an extender doesn't work. If you do already have WiFi, then an extender just makes everything worse.
Either run fiber or use a point to point wireless device like a nanostation.
I agree that the Romer-Gs aren't bad at all. I use Cherry Browns at work but my home keyboard has been a G810 for awhile now. Really the only thing you're missing out on is the non-standard stems so you can't get new caps if you wanted them, but that's not something I really want to get into.
If you can afford the new CPUs and you want to wait to see what they can do.
>my question is, is there a point to naming the ssid the same when they (android phones/tablets) can't jump from access point to access point automatically (since you can still get weak signal from main router on 2nd floor).

Devices will change from AP to AP. It's up to the device to make the change though. 

>Would it be better just to have separate ssid to force connection to a router depending on which floor you are on?

Do you really want to manually change which SSID you connect to every time you go up or down the stairs? When the SSIDs are different, devices treat them as different networks and will hang on to the connected SSID as long as possible. Devices should roam between APs with the same SSID but should not roam between those with different SSIDs.
Ethernet is rated for runs up to 100m. It's absolutely the best solution.
I definitely didn't say use a repeater. That's never the answer. Your alternatives to Ethernet are MoCA and WiFi. There's no magic device that makes internet appear out of thin air. Run Ethernet.
MoCA or WiFi are your options.
You have to identify where the problem is first before you can start wildly guessing what the issue is. If you're not getting 100Mbps wired directly to your modem, then it's an ISP issue and no matter what you do, you're not going to fix it. Worrying about your router or your WiFi at that point is meaningless. If you can get 100Mbps from your ISP, the we can talk. 100Mbos over WiFi is easy, if things are set up correctly.
>Well with WiFi speed theoretical thresholds getting larger past gigabit

Link rates are going past 1Gbps but that's to make up for all the overhead WiFi has. You'd need a WiFi link rate of around 2Gbps to have the same effective throughput **in one direction** as Ethernet. If we're doing both directions at the same time, WiFi is half duplex so you'd need around 4Gbps at the link to get the same throughput as Ethernet. And that's for only one device. All of that is shared for WiFi whereas Ethernet is dedicated to each device. You could have one PC downloading from your NAS at 1Gbps and another downloading from the internet at 1 Gbps and as long as you're not bottlenecked through a common link, 1Gbps Ethernet all around is enough. For WiFi, you'd again need a shared capacity of 2Gbps which would mean a link of 4Gbps. And all active devices would have to link at that rate or things would slow down as slower devices took up more air time. 

If we get to a point where we're using more than gig over WiFi, we'll have moved on to faster Ethernet. 2.5, 5, and 10Gbps Ethernet are all within reach if the average user if it became necessary.
Like I said, I'm going to stay out of the legal side of things because it's not my place and I don't want to give bad advice and have someone end up in a bad spot. But a business would get them off the hook with the ISP as well as creating an obvious trail that the connection doesn't end with you so there might be more doors to go kick down if something happens. You'd also likely need some ToS yourself that you'd have users agree to. Again, things for a lawyer, not a group of nerds like all of us here.
>I was able to get my Linksys WRT320N router functioning as a switch with the Ethernet from our main gateway going into the WAN port and the 4 LAN ports providing lightning fast connection to all my devices.

It was already a switch. All you had to do was not use the WAN port.

>So I tried typing 192.168.1.1 into my browser to bring up the setup page but nothing happened. 

Because that's very unlikely to be its IP anymore.

>My thought process here, and please correct me if I'm wrong, is that this step is to prevent IP conflicts between the switch router and the main gateway, and since my main is at 10.0.0.1 and my switch is at 192.168.1.1, I would be fine skipping it.

Your switch is at 192.168.1.1? You sure it's not getting an IP via DHCP now? I bet it has something in the 10.0.0.0 subnet.
>You could technically put a VPN onto the main router to encrypt traffic so that the ISP doesn't see, but your mom can still monitor which websites they go to. 

This is a band-aid fix. It's hiding possible illegal activity instead of separating yourself from it. 

>Will slow down internet speed though.

On your average piece of shit home router, sure, probably. On a gigbabit line, yeah, also probably true since you'll have a hard time finding someone that can handle that kind of traffic. But you can do much better your average Best Buy router.
>
But if you don't sell it, if you aren't getting money for it, and if you just let people use it then what legal grounds do they have?

Legal grounds? What legal grounds do they need? You sign a ToS agreement when you sign up for service. They can and will cancel your service if you break those terms. It's that simple.

>So when my family and friends come over they can't use my internet because I'm reselling it to them?

Of course they can use your internet. Do you not see the difference between sharing internet to guests in your house and sharing internet with an entire apartment complex of unrelated people? 

>I understand what you are saying, but if someone doesn't give you money directly for Internet then what's the issue? It's a loop hole, no?

No. Like I said, it has nothing to do with you making money off the service and everything to do with you displacing their possible customers. These ISPs lobby to keep local governments for rolling out their own ISPs and they agree to stay off each other's turf. They don't do competition. Even preceved, completely imagined competition. 

>This is my only worry. If the ISP shut my account down for reselling then I don't care, but legal issues due to illegal activity is A HUGE concern. I wonder if there's anyway around it at all.

I'm not a lawyer so I'll stay out of the legal side of it 

>Like I said in my post, I believe in this day and age that internet is a necessity and I would love to figure out a way to get internet access to these people. Being poor shouldn't block you from something so important.

I agree and I respect what you're trying to do. But you need to cover your ass while you do it.
Generators are not uninterruptible. You can't start a generator and having it up to speed and generating power the instant power fails. That takes time. It would have to already have been running in the first place, and that's awfully wasteful. UPSs are used as the buffer between mains power and backup power.
>The UPS is not a networking device, right?

Could be. It could be managed and monitored over the network. Typically it's for monitoring charge status and notifying when power has gone out. 

It's important to understand what a UPS is for. It's not to give you any meaningful runtime when the power goes out. It's to give you a bit of time for the power to come back (very short flickers), to switch to a backup system (like generstors), or to shut things down gracefully. They're not meant to run things for any meaningful length of time. A low powered home router might be fine for a little while, but you started talking kitchen appliances and shit and that's just way, way, way outside the scope of UPSs. UPSs provide power for a short period of time for those devices that shouldn't suddenly lose power. You're looking at minutes of tuntime on an average computer, not running your kitchen through the night.
It doesn't matter if you make money on it or not, or if the cost is in the rent or through some other channel. Your ISP isn't going to be happy that they're selling one connection instead of multiple. It also doesn't matter that the ISP isn't actually losing a customer through this since those users can't afford their own connection. That's the piracy doesn't equal a lost sale argument. While probably completely correct, your ISP isn't going to see it that way. 

But I'd be much more concerned about the legal fallout when someone eventually does something illegal and your mom has to take the fall for it.
Can't say, I've never used it. Looks pretty neat though.
>Or a router behind a router.

This doesn't make two separate networks. It makes a network within a network. A single router can make two (or more) networks, you just need a proper router instead of a simple home router you find at Walmart.
pfSense is an entire OS (FreeBSD based), specifically it's for routing (and related services). It's not something you're going to install on a host on the network and capture everything.
And none of that has anything to do with latency to the game server, just latency in the name resolution. 

I get you're trying to cover your ass after you said something stupid, but you're just digging your hole even deeper. Either own up to the mistake or shut up and move on. Trying to weasel out of it makes it look worse. We all fuck up sometimes. It's not a big deal.
Not if you're not using a DNS forwarder. Your DNS resolver is going to the root DNS servers and doing DNS lookup. A forwarder just asks another DNS resolver to do the lookup for it. A resolver goes to a root DNS server and follows the whole hierarchy until it gets the IP for the name you're trying to lookup. 
If you're using the resolver, then you're doing the DNS lookups yourself. You're not using Google's DNS.
> then why are they still selling them

Because they're not going to just cut their losses on a chipset they've spent billions designing and manufacturing. Intel's made of money, but not that much money.

>how are theyboth at near 5 stars in terms of reviews? I havent seen any update from other forums, all complaints of the modem are nearly 1 year old...

Because most people don't know their ass from a hole in the ground when it comes to their network. They can get on Facebook and stream Netflix and that's all they care about. Anyone who does know what they doing has already completely avoided the Puma chipsets and they're not going to revisit the issue.
Not only can you not read an analog speedometer to 1mph precision (they're almost never marked to 1mph increments and even if they are, the needle is wide than a single unit), they're nowhere near 1mph accurate. Just the difference in circumference of your tires due to wear can make up a difference of 1mph easily. If you assume max tread depth of 10/32" (common) to minimum legal tread depth of 2/32" (a difference of half an inch in diameter) and an 18 inch diameter wheel plus tire (seems reasonable for a low profile, small wheel you'd find on a typical car), anything over ~30-35mph will see a difference of at least 1mph between brand new and worn tires. And that's assuming your speedo was ever even right in the first place. They can easily be off by as 5mph.

 It's completely ridiculous to apply the limit down to 1mph and even more ridiculous to go to 1kph.
Not your latency to a game server. You don't go through a DNS lookup for every single packet you send to a game server. 

Browsing latency, sure, because you do countless DNS queries on every page you load. That adds up to a ton of time if your DNS lookups take forever. But latency in a game is measured to a single destination. If there's any DNS lookup involved, it happens once and that's it. You can scream "WRONG" and insult me all you want, that doesn't change anything.
Changing DNS will do absolutely nothing for latency.
I wouldn't expect better routing performance. That's a hardware limitation.
No it's not. Gigabit was built around Cat5. It was the best rating at the time. The spec specifies Cat5 for gigabit out to 100m.
It's run by the [Global Cyber Alliance](https://www.globalcyberalliance.org/about.html#founding) which was founded by the City of London Police and the Manhattan District Attorney's office. The Manhattan DA provided the initial funding of Global Cyber Alliance [using criminal asset forfeiture money](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/11/new-quad9-dns-service-blocks-malicious-domains-for-everyone/) (last paragraph).
Are you actually using forwarding in pfSense? By default, pfSense uses a DNS resolver not a forwarder.
Yeah, a DNS run by various law enforcement bodies with built in filtering. 

Fuck no, don't use quad 9.
>my ping in game goes up to 80 ms which is pretty bad

No it's not. 80ms is fine. 

>meanwhile in teamspeak I have like 25 ms

You can't just compare the latency between two different services. Your latency in game is higher than your latency in your chat because they're going to two different places. That's like saying it takes me longer to get to Walmart than it does to get to Kroger. Yeah, because Walmart is further away, of course it takes longer to get there.

Your throughput is pretty terrible. It'd be easy to saturate either up or down on that and you'd start suffering from bufferbloat which would be dramatic increases in latency. But if you're just bitching about 80ms, you're complaining about the length of the path to the server which 1) you can't do anything about and 2) isn't even bad.
Telling someone to not use a VPN because it slows you down then telling them to use TOR is like saying don't have sex because you might get HIV, instead go find a heroin junkie to share some needles with.
Your "switch" is a DSL modem and a router (and another dozen things). 

The QoS is pretty rudimentary. You just set a device to have a higher or lower priority than others. It probably won't make a difference, but you can give it a go.
>The usual length of base t is 100m but there are other numbers that people may want to hit because cat5e is gig sub 50ft!

Stop this shit. Cat5 (and 5e) are rated for gigabit at the full 100m. This myth needs to die.
Your PC is connecting to Google all the time. There is a path back through every layer of NAT. You're not connecting directly to your PC, you're going through Google and then back through each layer of NAT.
Yes and yes.
Not with Merlin's firmware on Asus routers. You keep all the features of stock firmware.
Saturating = using all of your throughput. 

Byte for byte, flash costs more than spinning rust. Always has and probably always will.
You could get a good 700GB or so a day saturating 80Mbps. That's not bad at all.
You can do whatever you want. Good practice involves multiple backups.
If they're wired for POTS, there isn't a switch in the attic. If you don't have each drop running back to a common location, they're daiy chained or commoned together somewhere and you'll need to find out where to switch to Ethernet. Either way, you need to trace them and sere what's actually going on.
Cat5 is used for POTS all the time. Nothing unusual about that at all.
If you capture between the router and the modem, you'll be getting traffic on the internet side of NAT. You won't see your local IPs so that might not show you what you're looking for. 

To properly capture traffic, you'd want to capture *just* before the router. In your average home router, you're shit out of luck unless you're using your router as **just** a router. You'd want a single link between your router and the rest of your network (all wired and wireless devices, so switches and APs) which you then mirror to a device to capture. Or you want your router to do the captures itself, but again, common home devices won't do this.
More like "pro-sumer." $50 will get you something from Ubiquiti or Mikrotik that will do the job. Could also go the pfSense route as well.
Fuck no. I wouldn't let him on a completely segregated network being tunnelled through an "anonymous" VPN, let alone my actual network.
Upload being 3.5% of download sucks. I'd rather have symmetric 500Mbps than such unbalanced gigabit.
>A neighbour whom we rarely see

Nope. Tell him to pound sand. Sure you want to be a nice guy, but it's not your job to step up when he's having problems. Point him to the nearest library. 

>What would he be able to see and do?

He could see connected devices and access anything any of them are making available to the network. He's on your network. It's wide open to him. Devices are left on their own to keep him out.

More worrying is what he could be doing on the internet via an IP that's associated to you. Yeah, an IP isn't a person, but if he's doing something he really, *really* shouldn't be, it's your door the cops are knocking on.
Just because WiFi is half duplex doesn't mean you get half speed. You'd get half speed compared to the same link but full duplex, yes. But that's not why you get half your link speed on WiFi. You get roughly half your link because there's just that much overhead. Whatever the hell it is you're trying to explain, it's completely irrelevant.
Did you read anything I wrote? Have you read anything you wrote?
>BarraCudas are rated for 8 hours a day x 5 days a week use

That's a pretty bullshit excuse. Plenty of pretty average people can expect to use their drives more than that.
A quick Google search returned a VDSL modem. That's definitely not it. Got any other numbers?

You won't actually get a modem with fiber, you'll get an ONT which converts the fiber to copper Ethernet and then they'll probably provide you with a router.
Entirely possible. What are they giving you?
Oh yeah, I forgot people were still trying to pull that non-standard modulation shit. Gotta do whatever it takes to put that bigger number on the box. I remember Linksys trying that back on G and basically everyone trying it with N. It never works.
Those speeds are misleading. They're often a sum of the link rates of all the bands. WiFi has a large amount of overhead, 50% is a good rule of thumb, so the best you can hope for is half the link rate. A single device is also only going to be uisng one band at a time. 

1.7Gbps could 2x2 on 160MHz channels with 400ns GI using 256QAM (good luck getting that) or 3x3 160MHz 400ns 64QAM or something with 4x4 (the chart I use for reference doesn't go to 4 streams and it's too early to do that math). I'm not sure which it usually means (probably 4x4) or which it means with the particular router you're looking at. It could be a sum of different speeds across multiple bands like I mentioned earlier.  

1.3Gbps usually means 3x3 80MHz 400ns 256QAM. 

2.1Gbps is probably a sum of two 5GHz bands and a 2.4GHz band, if I had to guess.

If you need speeds anywhere near these, use Ethernet.
I've been waiting all week for Dell to send me my RMA. Curious to hear about the quality of your screen.
The last time NV used model numbers in the thousands, each generation incremented the thousands place, not the hundreds. People are just following that trend.
If you're buying the mid tier stuff, sure, you could always just be waiting for the next best thing. But if you're looking at the absolute top end and the next generation is just around the corner, and the current top hardware doesn't cut it for you, waiting is pretty attractive. I'm ready to upgrade, but I don't want to buy a 1080Ti today and then a 2080 or whatever in a few months. If I'm not going to get the performance I want after spending $800-1000 and just end up spending that again in a few months to upgrade again, I might as well just deal with what I have now and only spend that once.
Spectrum is now so desperate, they're finally doing what people have been asking for for decades. You can pick 10 or so channels and make your own package. Too little, too late. No one wants a la carte channels anymore. No one wants **channels** anymore. They want content.
I mean, I'd prefer 2160 and HDR than 1080 and HDR given the choice. No reason to go with less resolution.
RAID and backups are not mutually exclusive. I even said right at the start, RAID is not a backup. RAID is so you don't go down with a drive failure. It doesn't protect you like a backup does. But time is money and time spent restoring from a backup when you could be doing actual work is wasted time and thus money. RAID is a first line of defense against *some* failure modes and is faster to recover from than a backup. A backup protects from more, but requires more time to restore from when needed. 

Also, a backup doesn't give you more capacity than RAID. A backup costs at least as much as you're trying to backup (for the most simple backup that's only a single copy and single version). That's the same space cost as RAID1. Better backups (multiple copies and histories) cost more than RAID.
>That's not what I said. I didn't say anything about losing any throughout upstream of the AP. 

It certainly reads that way. You say if you pay for 12Mbos, you'll only get 5-7Mbps on WiFi. How else are we to interpret that?

>What I did say was that wifi was half duplex. Wifi will give you about half the overall transfer rate over a given period when compared to a full duplex ethernet connection.

That's also wrong. Half duplex doesn't mean you only get half your throughput. Half duplex means bidirectional, but not at the same time. If you're primarily going in one direction, this doesn't really matter. Whatever throughput you get, you get for the system as a total, in either direction, combined. If that means you get a real world throughput of 100Mbps, and the only thing you have to send up is the occasional ack, you get 100Mbps down, minus what's needed for that acks, not 50Mbps.
RAID is for redundancy, as the name implies. It saves you from having to restore from a backup in some cases.
Yes.
Honestly, I've noticed HDR has made a bigger difference than the jump in resolution. 
What you're describing is a backup, not RAID. RAID is not a backup and definitely isn't what you're looking for.
They all use the same chipset so I'd expect they all perform very similar to one another.
No, there's not going to be any way to do what you're trying to do.
Yes.
You could take this opportunity to learn a simple language like python and parse it yourself. If there isn't a tool that does what you need, make it yourself.
Sounds like it's time to build a NAS. I really doubt you need 30TB in flash storage.
All that "json codes" is what makes it so easy to parse. There's probably an element called "body" or "text" or "post" or whatever they decided to call it that contains the actual text of the post. All a parser has to do is find the field that matches that name and presto, you have the contents of that post. JSON is extremely simple.
Is it a library if you don't pull from it like a library? A backup of videos isn't a library.
If it's just a modem, it's not doing NAT. If it's a modem and a router, then it's probably doing NAT. If OP's device is a router as well, then it's probably doing NAT. Point that out in the first post if there's any doubt.
>Quite a few PB per month per monitor.

Got me thinking... That's  4.1PiB per month if I left my monitor on 24/7, if I didn't fat finger the calculator.

1080p60 would be just about 880TiB per month. 

That's a lot of bits.
>but you may need it on the cable modem since they are usually using NAT.

Not if it's a modem. If it's doing NAT, it's a router.
>That being said, your wireless is on average about half the speed of a wired connection. So if you pay for 12 Mbps you'd average around maybe 5-7. +/- a little.

That's not at all true. WiFi has overhead of around 50% (45% is about best case). That means you get half the link rate total throughput. That doesn't mean you lose half of the throughput upstream of the AP. That's ridiculous. If you're getting 6Mbps on WiFi, you have a serious problem. Unless you have something over a few hundred Mbps from your ISP, you should be able to easily get your full throughput from your ISP over WiFi.
It's possible to get past WPA2. If you have WPS enabled (and even disabling it on some routers doesn't actually disable it), someone sitting around long enough can get on.

But what's more likely? Someone got around your security or someone you gave the password to is lying and is either tormenting themselves or they gave the password to someone else who is tormenting?
MAC filtering doesn't make a network more secure. That's like saying adding a strip of duct tape over your door after you lock the deadbolt adds security to your house. In the process of getting around WPA2, you'll have more than enough MACs to pick from on the whitelist. 

All MAC filtering does is make it a pain in the ass to add a legitimate device to a network.
I don't really like recommending stuff I haven't used, and I haven't used any all in ones in awhile. SmallNetBuilder is a good site for reviews and benchmarks. They actually test routing throughput (they're where I found your router only pushing 250Mbps).
Looked up that router. Looks like 250Mbps is spot on for its routing performance.
>the max this router supports on prioritization

You're using QoS? That's why. You can't offload routing to the ASIC that *might* be able to route at 1Gbps. The SoC definitely cannot and when you have prioritization rules, all traffic had to be routed by the SoC.
I run my router in a VM. Is it possible there's a vulnerability that could allow someone to compromise my router or the hypervisor itself, escape the VM, and compromise other VMs on the server? Sure. There's also the possibility that they just compromise the router and now they have control over the entire network, with or without it being in a VM. I'm all for security, trust me, but exploiting my hypervisor is pretty low on my list of threats. If I had something powerful enough to dedicate to running my router but low enough power to justify being used for a single task, sure, I'd separate my router from everything else. I'd make a dedicated NAS first personally.
Oh no, I couldn't give less of a shit what you say about me. I'm just tired of seeing you spam every single post on this sub with your garbage.
Not without decrypting at each end, which is going to require something else in front of Google Drive. Not a big deal on a real computer but you specifically mentioned that you want to use the mobile app too.
Finally, a possibly reportable comment. Well, I say finally but it's only been what, 24 hours or so?
The irony of you man...
He's back boys!
Ha, 1Gbps and a 1TB cap...
Come on, now you're just getting ridiculous.
Washu is right. There's no way to say "neighbourhoods with houses <30 feet apart" or "more than 5 networks on the same channel" or something like that is the tipping point between 2.4GHz being useful or not. You could live in an apartment complex with mostly older folks who hardly use the internet and it wouldn't be nearly as big of a deal as living in a single house with a ton of college students streaming to a couple dozen devices at the same time. If you had a dozen neighbors stacked on channels 1 and 6 and only one neighbor on channel 11, channel 11 could sill have more interference (that is, airtime dedicated to your neighbor's devices instead of your own) if they have more traffic on their network than the other networks all sharing another channel do combined.
You're not giving up are you?
You were definitely right, I just wanted to make sure it was clear for anyone who came along later and read your comment but didn't bothered to ask. MU-MIMO basically never works in the real world, unfortunately.
>your desktop card will populate 2x2 leaving 1x1 alone

This is the case but to clarify, those extra Tx and Rx streams aren't available for use by anything else at the same time. That's MU-MIMO and it only works if every device connected supports it.
Oh you've been providing me entertainment all day, I was just at lunch when you asked. That's also why I had a typo. I was on my phone, you see. It was quite a long lunch though, thanks for noticing. It did take them a little longer than I had hoped, but it was pretty good so I'm going to go ahead and say it was worth the wait.
No, this I'm attempt at having fun with a troll while I'm at lunch. I appreciate the entertainment.
>Were talking about all traffic not just the local traffic.

I was. Thought that was pretty clear. I addressed the issue with sharing a connection with a landlord who best case doesn't know what he's doing, worst case is up to something. 

OP said nothing about hiding his traffic. He was worried about his link slowing things down. I'm address this. Maybe I should put that in bold so you and your buddy see it?

>I work in netsec.

Ah, here we go, can't read so we'll start the dick swinging...

>I have a job. Obviously youre off or dont work

And the insults. 

I was taking a break to make tea and now I'm at lunch. I can also find time here and there to waste online. 

>Personally Id want my setup to be as secure as possible and as segmented as possible if I didnt control the hardware. At least it would offer some peace of mind.

Again, I said this as well. I say this to every single person who shows up in here with "free" internet from their landlord.

In case you missed it, here's want I said, at the top of this thread, verbatim:

>Your network is already a hodgepodge behind a router that a stranger has control over. I'd personally be more concerned about that then the meaningless link rate.
I figured with a physical dictionary there might be a greater chance you learn something from it. I can give you some links to online dictionaries if you think you can handle that.
I'm not ignoring internet traffic. That's the first time I addressed. OP was worried about the 100Mbps link slowing them down. He said he has 50Mbps internet service. So the only time it will slow him down is on the local network. If he's worried about local transfers, he only needs to worry about the link if he has to go up to the landlord's switch. For anything local to the AP he just added, that doesn't happen.
Uh, buddy, where are you getting this shit? I didn't say anything about his lamdlord not being able to see his traffic. In fact, I told him I would not trust his network specifically because of that. 

I said that everything on OP's side of wire is OP's business. If OP doesn't have a switch and only has an AP, then he only has wireless devices. An AP works much like a switch in that it's a layer 2 device. Is OP wants to move something from his phone to his laptop, both connected to his AP, nothing goes to his landlord's router. He could disconnect his AP from the router and those transfers would happen exactly the same. His landlord's router is only involved if OP wants to go out to the internet (or anywhere else upstream of the router if that's for some reason not the internet, but that's neither here nor there). His landlord's switch (which may be a component of the router) is only involved if OP tries to hit something else on the local network that isn't on his AP (or switch if he has one). Those are the only two instances where the possibly damaged link between OP and his landlord matters. 

The only way OP's traffic between two of his devices is going to hit the landlord's switch is if he has a second run from the landlord that he hasn't told us about. And if that's the case, assuming it isn't damaged since he didn't mention it and that's the whole motivation for his post, he should throw a switch on that good link and connect his AP and whatever wired device he using that line for to that switch.
Can I have your address so I can send you a dictionary? You seem to not know what irrefutable means.
You don't need a separate subnet for your traffic to not hit the router. Any local traffic isn't hitting the router anyway, it's hitting the switch on the router. It doesn't matter what is giving him an IP as local traffic is switched (layer 2) not routed.

 I assume he has a single drop from the landlord's router considering they had to hamfist it through the wall. OP even has his own AP. If OP hooks all his shit up to a switch, including the AP (which I assumed was the point here and figured he already had a switch), all of OP's local traffic isn't leaving his switch. He could unplug it from the landlord's router and it wouldn't matter. The link up from the switch is irrelevant to any traffic local to it.
I'm surprised you haven't been banned yet. I guess the mods aren't quite as beholden to their Seagate masters as you think.
Local transfers on his landlord's network would be limited. That doesn't limit his local transfers. Why you'd want anything to do with a stranger's network in the first place, I don't understand.
Which is why I always say never put yourself in these kind of situations. Chances are, when it comes to networking, your landlord doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground. You're sending all of your traffic through him and his network. I certainly wouldn't trust him. He's not going to give two shits about how the network performs for you. He's already locked you into living there.
If it stops working, replace it. What's there to worry about?
You'd think someone who dedicated so much time to trolling would be better at it.
For speed, yeah, you're probably looking at WD Blacks. Buying a drive for "reliability" is always a losing battle. I've lost more WD Blacks than anything else, but WD's RMA process is pretty good. Last one I had issues with was a Black 5TB and they replaced it with a Black 6TB, so that's what I'm running now on my desktop. They're pretty fucking loud though.
Not even a good troll. 4/10.
You don't have to use RAID to have large amounts of storage. You could have a JBOD which is literally just a bunch of disks. You don't need to one contiguous volume to make use of a lot of drives. Maybe you have one drive that's exclusively backups of your desktop, another that's device images of all your computers, another that's just your security recordings, another full of movies you've ripped, etc. etc.
>1000mbps wan and lan ports

Routing at 1Gbps or just switching? The former doesn't always happen, even on higher end routers. The latter is trivial.

>Atleast 300mbps wireless 2.4Ghz

Link or throughout? The former isn't happening. The latter means 2x2 40MHz which doesn't happen in the real world unless you quite literally do not have neighbors. 

>Usb port

If you're hoping a $40 router is going to replace a NAS, you're in for a rough time.
It's possible you damaged the cable and it's falling bakc to 100Mbps. But that's already double what you need for that link so is it really a big deal? Linking at gigabit will make exactly 0 difference. Your network is already a hodgepodge behind a router that a stranger has control over. I'd personally be more concerned about that then the meaningless link rate.
I think I understand why they were trying to go with a pair at either end of the house now. They're shooting for one under that third floor area to cover it. 

I'm thinking a minimum of two on the middle floor at either ends (for the same reason of getting coverage up into the third floor) and one in the middle of the bottom floor to fill in the rest. The radiation pattern of an AP is roughly toroidal. So imagine a big doughnut with the AP at the center. Vertical coverage doesn't go quite as far as horizontal coverage.
Your "amateur" experience is actually the right way to do it for sure. Recommending mesh for such a large area is ridiculous. Mesh is a "eh, I don't really want to bother" solution.
>mesh, or just about any modern wifi implementation,  can do 1gbps just fine?

Link at 1Gbps maybe. Actual throughput of 1Gbps? No. WiFi has nearly 50% overhead. Ethernet is more like 10-15%. 1Gbps WiFi link would give you around 500-600Mbps. 1Gbps Ethernet will give you 985Mbps+. On top of that, Ethernet is full duplex and dedicated for each link. That's just shy of 1Gbps in each direction for each device. WiFi is half the link rate, half-duplex, shared across all devices. 

I know Netflix UHD HDR is only around 15Mbps, at least the stuff I've streamed. But this was never about Netflix streaming. In fact, I'm pretty sure I mentioned (or maybe it was a different post) I have a Chromecast on WiFi (802.11N actually because anything that matters is wired already) because it couldn't possibly decode anything at bitrates higher than I can manage over WiFi anyway. All I said was WiFi is never as fast as Ethernet.
As with any drive, could die on day one, could last a decade. Sitting as a backup, I wouldn't be too worried about it.
Ok. What does that have to do with manually browsing a raw directory?
First result on Newegg. $46 for a 1TB external drive. 

https://m.newegg.com/products/N82E16822178744
Still begs the question why you need Plex. There are plenty of solutions that don't need to run anything server side. Without the need for transcoding, the server side can just be simple storage. Let the client side handle tracking the library. Kodi works just fine for this.
Get an external HDD and keep it somewhere safe. I mean, how big can the iTunes episodes be? I have GoT on BD and I ripped and remuxed all seasons. With some specials it's still only ~750GB. I'm sure the iTunes versions are a tenth the size. You could fit them on just about anything.
Can you do a rough sketch of the property? Just an outline of the house and the yard you want covered so we can get an idea of the lengths. Pretty sure they're being a bit optimistic here. 

And god damn those prices...
Pretty sure the last time someone posted their quote for a system from a local installer that was pushing Aruba (I *think* it was Aruba), it was hilariously overpriced. Like 10x what it should cost. What are they quoting you? 

I have my doubts that a pair of APs on the middle floor of a three story, 7200 sq ft house is going to cover the whole house **and** a 1.5 acre lot...
Again, I'm not a graphics guy, so I don't know how well my knowledge covers this (probably not well). But we already have techniques for how ambiet lighting effects objects. That's ambient occlusion is. You normally see this resulting is subtle shadowing of objects. It's a really nice effect. It's a faster (than ray tracing) method of getting some effects of global illumination. There are plenty of little trucks like this, partially because ray tracing is so expensive.
The idea is that the 6 series is a 2 door version of the 5 series. How much overlap there is in those platforms, I do not know, but I suspect a good bit.
If the only device you have that is 3x3 isn't going to make use of it, it's really down to do you want to pay more now in the hope that you'll eventually make use of it, or would you rather spend less now and update if it ever becomes an issue. 

I personally haven't even updated to AC yet because anything that needs decent throughput is wired already. I don't really care if the Chromecast in the garage can pull a couple hundred Mbps. It can't decode any video at that high of bitrate so who cares? It might be nice for the occasional transfers from my server to my phone, but I usually do that overnight while I'm sleeping anyway so again, I don't really care.
Yep.
The cheaper option is to just not buy anything then. The switch you add doesn't do anything here. They're already both connected to a switch anyway. In either case, he'd have to put both behind the same router to remove that second router from the equation. The point of getting another pair of NICs (which is honestly probably as cheap as a switch), is that they have a dedicated link to each other.
Not really. In the sense that you only care about what can be seen from the render camera, yeah, but that applies to everything really.
>I understand the speed Im paying for is not what I will receive but currently Im way off

This is bullshit. If you're not getting what you're paying for, bring it up with your ISP. I get 10-20% over what I'm promised. 

Unless the problem is on your end of course...
It certainly does make things much more realistic. The trick is getting it done fast enough to do in real time. For something like movie special effects, you can have a huge render farm spend days on a single frame if you need to. You'd obviously want to do it faster if you can, but the difference between 20 hours and 18 hours on a single scene isnt really that noteworthy. But to do it in real time, that is to render frames as quickly as you need to update them, is a big deal. There are plenty of shortcuts that still trace rays but try to make it so you only need to trace as many as necessary to get the desired results. For example, most algorithms actually trace backwards. You go from a view camera that would represent the user's point of view in a scene and draw a ray for each pixel from that point out into the scene. Then you bounce of objects a limited number of times. Whatever light sources you hit from that ray contribute into lighting the scene. I'm not a graphics guy, but I'm pretty sure this method has some downsides in regards to missing some effects of indirect lighting, but this is almost certainly how NV and MS are doing it. In any case, better lighting is a must if you want better realism.
Mesh can't even math 1Gbps. Wireless is a shared medium. WiFi is for mobility and convenience. If it's not moving, it doesn't have much of a reason to be on WiFi.
Rendering light by simulating how rays of light coming from a light source interact with the scene. You take a light source, draw a line out from it until it hits something, simulate what happens when that object is hit by light (absorption, reflection, refraction), and then repeat from that new light source.

This is really fucking hard to do. It's just a lot of work.
If you're going based on the 980Ti, the 2080 would be better than a 1080Ti. Same thing happened with the 980Ti vs 1080 and 780Ti vs 980.
Coupe means 2 door hard top in Europe as well. Then some marketing wanker started calling saloons with a more aggressive rear slope a "4 door coupe" because a saloon sounds like an old man car, not a sexy, sporty car. It caught on in the US too where a saloon is called a sedan. European "4-door coupes" we're just sedans with not enough headroom for an adult in the back.
Yeah, so port forwarding implies inbound and making it through NAT. What you want to do is completely different. You can't just send VPN traffic out any port and hope the other end gets it. You need to match what port the server is listening on. So really your best bet is going to be hosting your own server somewhere that listens on 443.
And that's why I asked for clarification. Not that complicated.
Of course.
>I'm new to using a VPN but I'll likely use it on my FireTV instead of at the router level.

You won't be able to, as far as I'm aware. Though my experience with a Fire TV is basically nil, this is extremely unlikely to work. 

>Also, I'm aware that the EA9500 sucks.

I didn't mean specifically your router was shit, but that OpenVPN is quite hard to do and to get any reasonable speeds through it, you need more than you'll get out of these low power SoCs.
What speeds are you getting from your ISP? Not tunneling everything through a VPN running on a low powered router is probably the first step.
It's not really. Is he trying to send all web traffic over WiFi? All internet over WiFi but local traffic over Ethernet? Does he want Chrome to use WiFi but FF/Edge/Opera to use Ethernet? These could all be "chrome over WiFi" to the layman, but they all have different answers.
No shit. But depending on what he's *actually* trying to achieve here, it might be trivial or it might be impossible.
Maybe. What are you trying to do?
Yeah, that's what I was getting at. If the phone lines used Cat5 or better cable, which is really common now, you can re-terminate those drops, throw a switch in the closet, and now you'll have Ethernet throughout the house.
>It works very well if your electricity setup is not too old,

This is a common misconception. Newer code actually makes powerline even more useless. 

>I get ~450mbps. 
It seems these are quite popular in Europe compared to the US, that may be due to high voltage (220 v on continental Europe, 240 in the UK) which may lead to a more stable flow vs the 110 in the US? I certainly never get 10s cut.

This is extremely uncommon. Do you actually get 450Mbps across them or do they link at 450Mbps?

And plenty of places in Europe commonly have ring circuits which means it's easier to get the pair on the same circuit with less shit in between them.
No, what was being used for phone before? It might be possible to repurpose for Ethernet.
What's the other end, the one that's in the wall, look like?
Run more than just a single drop to each room. Run two everywhere. To somewhere like a TV/entertainment center, consider running four or more.
An AP is a device that connects wireless devices to your network. Your "router" is actually a handful of devices, including an AP.
Wireless adapter like to connect a computer to a WiFi network?

MoCA ranges in price. $500 is too expensive unless it was a handful of adapters. A pair of bonded 2.0 adapter is more like $150 or around there. 

MoCA works over existing coax. Assuming you have coax throughout your house, it's an easy way to expand your network. You need a pair of adapters.
Plc meaning powerline? It's a pretty bad hack. You might get something useable, you might get fuck all. It might be stable, it might shit the bed every time the fridge kicks on. No one knows until you try it. 

Setting up an AP is the right way to do it. How you connect that AP to your network is also important. Ethernet is the obvious choice with no downsides. MoCA is pretty good if that's an option. Point to point wireless can work in some situations. Powerline works for some people who can live with lower throughput, but sometimes it doesn't work at all and it's susceptible to interference on your mains which you can't control.
OP is talking about connecting to a NAS. Your internet connection has nothing to do with this. I have 100Mbos service from my ISP but use 1Gbps between my NAS and my desktop all the time. 

There's also no saying what he'll get with powerline. He might get 200Mbps if he's really lucky. He might get 2Mbps intermittently making it literally useless. Who knows. I do know what he'll get with proper rated Ethernet cables: 1Gbps if both ends are gigabit.
Extenders "work" with 2.4GHz. But 2.4GHz is extremely overcrowded as it is. You have to share airtime with everyone else that you're sharing spectrum with, which on 2.4GHz is a lot of people unless you live in bumfuck nowhere. Extenders also double airtime of transfers made over them. See where these are at odds?

Extenders don't work anyway, even in ideal conditions. They have to be placed somewhere that already has strong WiFi to connect to the existing network. This isn't where you need to add WiFi. Now they need to transmit to/receive from where the WiFi is weak. They still have to deal with whatever it was that made WiFi weak there in the first place. And now that they're in overlapping coverage with the original AP and on the same channel (by necessity), you've just made your existing WiFi worse.
>you can get marginally faster by using lan cables.

Marginally my ass. "Good" powerline gives you 100Mbps. Exceptional (rare) cases see 200Mbps. Ethernet gives you 1Gbps easily. 10Gbps if you get the right hardware at either end.
>what I do need to be fast is my LAN connection between my computer, my NAS and my laptop.

Ethernet and a switch. Powerline is not fast and putting your NAS behind one would be a huge disservice to yourself.
MU-MIMO doesn't work in the real world. **Every** device connected needs to support it, which is rarely the case, and even then, it ends up not working most of the time.
Do you mean outbound? Pie you're connecting to a VPN server somewhere? I don't think what you're saying here matches up to what you're trying to do.
>Well i have the ethernet plugged directly into the second port of the modem

Then your modem is actually.a router as well.

>bypassing my rputer altogether

And your router is behind a router, both performing NAT, which causes problems and is probably why you "bypassed" the router in the first place. 

>but in order to stream movies from the pc to my smart tv i need wifi which allows for a bluetooth connection.

What does Bluetooth have to do with this? You're not streaming videos over Bluetooth. 

How about we fix your network instead of fucking around and making it even worse like you're trying to do?
>I am thinking of using a router with more powerfull external antennas placed upstairs halfway between the current router and the bedroom which I will run in a wireless repeater configuration.

This is not going to help. Repeaters are flawed do to their nature. They have to be placed where there's a strong WiFi signal already (which is the last place you need them) and they use double the airtime to move data to or from anything connected to them, which means you half your throughput across that link and slow down WiFi for you and anyone else on that channel. 

Frankly you're looking at solving this all wrong just so you don't have to run Ethernet. Ethernet plus an AP is the proper solution. You have a WiFi problem. You can't magically use the existing WiFi infrastructure to improve it.
If all you need is gigabit Ethernet for your local network and your router is working fine (though I doubt that since it has 100Mbps ports), you can just get a $20 gigabit switch. You probably want a better router though. For a router only, an ER-X or ER-L would do fine. Either can easily handle your 100Mbps. I'd still go for the cheap switch on top of either if these, though the X does have an integrated switch.
I use 32 character passwords wherever they're supported. Most sites don't have a problem with the legnth. If they need to be cut back, then so be it. The annoying sites are the ones that don't tell you they truncate the password when setting it but not what signing in...
You have an extender on 2.4GHz. This is doomed to end in tears.
A 6600K is miles ahead of a 2300. They're not even in the same ballpark. Those two are not even close to comparable.
Why? If you already have pfSense running...
I have a Betta in a 155 liter tank. Bettas don't have to be alone, they just can't be kept with other (male) Bettas. 

Everyone who properly cares for their fish have them in larger tanks. The smallest I ever had a Betta in was a 10G hospital tank before it was moved to a 20G long.
Females, yes. Males need to be kept separate (even from females, except for breeding).
None. You could get by with some smaller shrimp, maybe, if it was heavily planted. But bowls are not tanks and they shouldn't be used as one. Not even a Betta should be in a bowl like this, let alone a goldfish.
Bullshit. That's painted rock and the "tank" the fish is in is hardly bigger than the fish *would* grow to if it wasn't stunted. 

I'd bet money the "tank" isn't cycled and doesn't have filtration. Even if it does have filtration, unless the filtration is 5 times the size of the "tank," there isn't enough water here to sustain the niyrogen cycle. This fish is literally slowly dying in its own waste.
>Like man, we all had fish like this growing up. 

I had a proper tank for goldfish growing up. We did not "all have fish like this growing up." I grew up with properly cared for fish. I picked up the hobby again in college and now I've got a couple tanks again. It's not hard to take care of fish. Just put them in a big enough tank with enough filtration.
A 5 gallon tank is not big enough for a goldfish. A common 29 is going to be a tight squeeze but at least not absolutely disgusting. A 40B would be better.
If DNS was at all demanding, which it isn't, whatever you're running pfSense on would be a hundred times better at it than an RPi. Plus, pfSense by default runs a **resolver** instead of a **forwarder** like PiHole. I'd argue there are a handful of benefits to running a resolver instead of a forwarder. If you want to block so domains, that's easy enough to do.
What you call grilling, we call broiling. What you call barbequing, we call grilling. And then I guess you guys just don't have real barbeque and I pitty you for it.
A 6600k is definitely not minimum requirement for FO4...
Poppyseed challah? Fuck me up. There's not enough time left today to make bread, but I might have to anyway...
If there's one thing a nuclear powered ship isn't lacking, it's steam. That's how you get useful energy out of a nuclear reactor. You heat water and have that steam do work for you.
Your power levels are too low. Your tech should (hopefully) be able to help.
I'm not here to argue. Fish are poorly cared for all the time and I'm not going to be able to change that.
For fancies it's alright, but for single tails it's ludicrous. These literally need ponds.
In an ideal scenario (not in the real world), it's going to depend on temperature, pressure, surface area, and time. That's a decent problem to work out with unrealistic assumptions that won't match the real world. In a real world, you'd be better off taking a wild stab in the dark.
Malted barley is the secrect. Without it, they're hard to even call bagels.
When I make bagels, they have at least this many poppyseeds on them plus, if I remember to, I throw some in the dough as well. Fuck yes I like poppyseeds.
That "rule" definitely doesn't apply to comets/commons which can get well over a foot long. You can't put a single one of these fish in a 40 gallon tank.
>Okay then, please give me advice and tell me what ***she*** was doing.

She could have been SSH tunneling that port. Seems completely unnecessary considering you can get the python interpreter for anything. You could have not been understanding what she was doing. Doesn't seem so far fetched given your responses here so far. She could have been running chrome on the remote host using X-forwarding, which is another solution that is beyond your ability and why I left it unmentioned. 

Run your script locally. Localhost (which is exactly what 127.0.0.1 is) will work. It's simple. Don't come asking for help when you're unwilling to accept it.
> On my computer I had 1 instance of putty accessing the school server running the TCPserver.py and another running the TCPclient.py and the purpose was to send a message in the client putty console through to the server, to make it uppercase, and send it back. I got this working using both 127.0.0.1 and the school server url I used to log into putty to bind the address of the socket to (port number didn't matter).

Yes, because when you're connecting via putty, you're SSHing to that remote machine. You are literally now running everything in that terminal on that remote machine. That's fine. However, chrome is not running on that remote machine.

You might want to listen to advice a little better while you're learning or you're going to have a hell of a time.
> P.S. you can find the local IP's on your network by accessing the DHCP table page on your Rotuer.

You know what IPs are on your network by looking at your IP and your subnet mask. That's exactly what a subnet mask does.
> I am literally supposed to be able to use local host even though the python file is on the school server.

No you're not. Localhost means yourself. You can't connect to a remote server by connecting to yourself.

From your own assignment:

>You should determine the IP address of the host that is running the server (e.g., 128.238.251.26). **The IP address could be the IP of local host (127.0.0.1) if you are running both server and client on the same machine.** It could also be the IP address of (school server) if you are running the web server on (school server). 

You're running this server on a machine somewhere at your school (which you're accessing via SSH). Going to localhost and expecting to hit this service you're running on some remote server is like expecting to get to reddit by going to localhost. It's not going to happen.
This isn't really a data hoarder question but I'll give it a go anyway.

Why not get a smaller SSD and a larger HDD, put both OSs on the SSD and split up the HDD however best fits your use?
How do you come here giving answers so matter of factly (which are often wrong, I must say) without knowing what simple, common networking devices like hubs, switches, and patch panels?

A patch panel is literally just a panel where thernet terminates to. It's like if every Ethernet cable in your house ran back to one location and you glued all of if their ends together so they'd always be side by side. That's all it does. Patch panel is the correct networking term.
No, this is not a matter of "there are a lot of addresses and it shouldn't ever be a problem." We will not have an IP problem again. A /64 means you get, just for your own, exclusive use, 2^32 times as many iPs as there were IPv4 addresses total. You get ~18000000000000000000 addresses. And there are that many /64s to hand out, minus reserved blocks. It will not be a problem. Even at the high end of the number of stars in our galaxy, we could assign every single star system over 60 million **/64 prefixes.** That's each one getting 60 million blocks that are ~4 billion times as numerous there are IPv4 addresses.

Ignoring the fact that we'll probably never colonize the stars, communications across such distances as too long to make use of IP anyway. The Milky Way is 100,000 light years across. You won't be sending IP traffic across it. 

We will not have an IP problem again.
WiFi "speeds" describe link rates. It's impossible to say what you'll actually get without knowing the environment, so it's really the only number they can give. If you know what you're looking at though, it's not that complicated. WiFi has an overhead of close to 50%, so cut your link rate in half and that's the best you can hope for. Of course, WiFi is also shared so if anyone else on your network **or any overlapping network** is active, you're sharing airtime with them. And then as your signal gets weaker, your link rate will start to fall off.
I actually don't know if pfSense spells it out anywhere in the webUI. if you go to Status>Interfaces or if you run ifconfig, it'll show you your interfaces and you can see what IPv6 it assigned its LAN interfaces as well as the prefix length. If it's a /64, which is almost certainly will be unless you hint that you want something bigger, your prefix will be the first 64 bits which is the first 4 16bit fields. You can do the same check on any host connected to your network and getting IPv6 addresses (ipconfig in windows, ifconfig or ip addr in various *nixes). It's probably more obvious on one of these devices because IPv6 allows you to omit consecutive 0 blocks in the address with a :: so one of the IPs you have on many devices will probably be aaaa:bbbb:cccc:dddd::xxxx and aaaa:bbbb:cccc:dddd will be your prefix (again, assuming a 64bit prefix).
You could always use symlinks between that folder and a folder in Dropbox or whatever else you use to sync.
You're not going to get 900Mbps on any wireless adapter. If you want to hit that you need Ethernet. MoCA should be pretty close though. You'll need a pair of adapters.
Yes. Hosts do not know or care how any other host is connected to the network. They know each other by address and the network manages moving things to the correct address regardless how it's connected.
>Yes and no. The devices will be able to communicate on a basic level.

>And as long as you don't have "wifi isolation" turned on, any devices connected to any radio on the router can pass **normal** traffic. The part where Chromecasts are tricky is it's not a direct stream from laptop to chromecast. The laptop(device with video) sends a cast request to the chromecast, and once that has been registered, the chromecast takes over streaming the content direct from the internet over wifi. It's the special sauce that Chromecast uses to start this transfer that makes it required on some/most routers that the device starting the request be on the same radio(2.4 or 5Ghz) as the chromecast. You can change it **after** you cast. For example, you have a Wifi AC phone. You can connect it to the 2.4Ghz name, start the cast, and once the movie starts playing, switch the phone to connect to the 5Ghz(AC) name.  

You could not be more wrong. They are connected just the same as anything else connected to the network. Nothing happens directly between two hosts. It all goes through the AP. To does not matter what band a device is on. Chromecast does not require devices be on the same band. A Chromecast doesn't even know what band a device is on. Hell, you can connect CCs via Ethernet even. You can cast from Ethernet devices. You can go across different APs. **It does not matter.** The only thing you need is to share a broadcast domain because they use mDNS for discovery.
Nope. 2.4GHz and 5GHz don't create "networks." They're just different entry points onto your network. That's like saying you can't get to the internet because your modem is connected via Ethernet and your phone is connected via WiFi. It doesn't matter. 2.4GHz, 5GHz, and an Ethernet cable are all layer 1. They describe how data is physically encoded in the real world on RF. This has nothing to do with what devices are connected to what at the network level. If device A is connected via 2.4GHz, B via 5GHz, and C via Ethernet, any one of them can talk to each other via layer 2 (your AP and switch). If A tells the AP "send this to B," the AP knows how to get to B. Likewise with any other combination. A doesn't know if B or C are connected via WiFi, Ethernet, or carrier pigeon and it doesn't care and never needs to know. It's purposely designed to not matter.
God dammit, I woke up 20 years in the past again, didn't I?
I explained in another comment, but it doesn't matter what you're casting from unless you're *actually* casting from it. If you're not mirroring the screen on your tablet, then it's probably not the actual source. There's only so much you can improve on 2.4GHz. It's extremely crowded and that means you have to share a lot of airtime.
>This means if you want to cast/stream from a older 2.4Ghz device to the chromecast, both have to be on the slower Wifi N 300 connection.

This is on your the case if they're the source of the content, which is not how CC is primarily intended to be used. The idea is you tell the CC what to play (like Netflix) and it goes and grabs that directly from the source. The device you cast from is just a glorified remote.
If you want gigabit, you have to use Ethernet. There's no way around that currently. MoCA can get you close maybe ~700Mbps with bonded 2.0). Your WiFi is actually pretty good considering you're going up a floor. Powerline will never get you anywhere near gigabit. It isn't even as fast as decent WiFi.
Both are given to you by spectrum. One is an actual single (/128) address that is like your routers IP on their network as if it were a single client. The other is an IPv6 prefix which is like an IPv4 subnet. By default Spectrum gives you a /64 prefix. This means all 2^64 addresses in that prefix are yours to use. They are all public.
Latency changes depending on the destination. Latency will be different from one test to another as well as one game to another.

50ms latency is not bad at all.
No, I primarily use Ethernet. I only need WiFi for a few devices and the ones I care about are all on 5GHz. I have a couple devices on 2.4GHz but they don't need much bandwidth at all.

There's nothing fine about 802.11g. It's dead. Throw away your decade old gear and move on. This is about best practices. G is the furthest thing from best practice.
There's more to networking than just internet, plenty of people have internet above "12-14Mbps," and it's not just **your** network you're fucking with, it's **any** network you interfere with. 

I know what I said. I meant what I said. If fuck all is enough bandwidth is enough for you, great. Don't dick over everyone around you too.
If you don't need it, sure. My main network is 5GHz only.
I didn't say they couldn't co-exist. I said they'll slow down any they interfere with. Not interfering on the 2.4GHz band is basically impossible.
What's your upload?
They're not even good for increasing range. Theyre just good for ruining your network.
SATA0 and SATA1 will be disabled by your SSD. The rest will still work. It's poorly worded, but it'd be pretty fucking stupid if only one of two adjacent ports worked. 

Do you still need more than the remaining 6?
My PSU has more SATA headers than it provided cables to fill. So I added another one (make sure the pinout is the same as the PSU side isn't standardized).
It should work fine, but honestly, if it's 802.11g only, don't use it. You're tanking your network and the network of anyone else on the same or overlapping channels.
Yep, that looks right. Glad you found it.
Glorified repeaters for $5 a month. That's a "fuck no" from me.
In a home setting, it doesn't matter. Ethernet is rated for 100m.
>should I run cable coax up wall to networking station and put modem there then connect it to router etc, or put modem in living room and run cat5e wire to networking rack and connect it to router that way.

It doesn't matter, but it kinda makes sense to keep your networking gear all together if you can, doesn't it? Plus you wouldn't have to worry about having to keep track of uplink and downlink drops in the living room. 

>My provider COX gave me the start up kit for self installation and they included a splitter, I assume for internet and cable box. I did not opt for cable so I dont have to use splitter right ? I can have just one continuous run of coaxial to modem. I heard splitters and couplings can put a damper on connection or something

No, you don't need the splitter.
I don't remember off the top of my head. The OpenVPN documentation isn't too bad though.
The RPi needs to know that it doesn't have to send 192.168.2.0/24 out the VPN. Normally, it thinks "oh, something else in the same subnet as me, I don't need to send that over the VPN that's connected to a different subnet" and that's usually right. But here, it doesn't know that 192.168.2.0/24 needs to hit your router and not the VPN. How could it? It doesn't pass the subnet mask test so it sends it out to the default route which while the VPN is active is the VPN's gateway. You need it to go to your router to have it routed to your other subnet. This involves modifying your OpenVPN config to send 192.168.2.0/24 to your normal default gateway (your router) and everything else through the VPN. It's called split tunnelling.
>For me I do have some open 2.4GHz spectrum but for you I guess not, it's not a given for everyone.

Unless you live in bumfuck nowhere, I don't believe this. Having open channels doesn't mean you have open spectrum. 2.4GHz channels are only 5MHz apart. They overlap so much that the 2.4GHz band is basically unusable at this point. In a university like OP, there's no way there's anything even remotely open. 

>Well I don't know what the cost points are and which model you are referring to.  What are the benifits of a "proper APs" over a router running DD-WRT.  Will it work into OP's $1,000 budget?

The benefits are not using a hacked together pile of shit. APs cost no more than routers. Hell you can get $15 APs that perform awesome,. But I wouldn't personally trust them. Good name brand APs cost the same or less than a good router. 

>Should remember my first post and using multiple wifi channels at the same time on the same network.  All dependent on how much spectrum OP has open.

There are at most three non-overlapping 2.4GHz channels (unless you can also use channel 13, which you can't in NA). I'm telling you, there's no way in hell 2.4GHz is open. 2.4GHz also limits you to old, slow 802.11n at best. Suggesting that in the first place was never a good idea. 

You might get away with 5GHz OP wasn't at a university where they almost certainly have WiFi everywhere. And even then, you still have WiFi. It's not fast and it's still half duplex. You propose a huge pain in the ass that **might** mitigate some of the issues with it running on a shared medium if they have enough open spectrum and few enough users. A $20 switch and some $5 patch cables solve all of these issues and works every time.
>Why you say this.  


Because 2.4GHz is extremely overcrowded. You share airtime with everyone on the same channel as you, even if that isn't your network. In what sounds like a university setting, there's no open spectrum. OP wants high speed, low latency. It's literally not going to happen.

>A router installed with DD-WRT can be used to do whatever you want and turn off the routing (off loading the routing to a single device on the network) and DHCP.  Could even just use the GUI that comes with a router that isn't DD-WRT or Tomato. 

You don't need DD-WRT. But you also don't need to buy a shitty consumer router when you could buy proper APs.

>40MHz is mostly for 5GHz only.  My 2.4GHz router does support 40MHz as an option but then you really only have 2 channels to pick from and it's harder to avoid interference.  But this certainly could be an option for OP.     

Yes, because 2.4GHz is a tiny, overcrowded band. But 802.11n was on both 2.4GHz and 5GHz. It could do 40MHz on either, though in practice it would (should) never happen on 2.4GHz. 802.11ac is 80MHz default and can bump up to 160MHz (or use two non-contiguous 80MHz chunks). 

>I would agree but if it's your only option, it can work.  Probably getting speeds at around half or on par with 100Mbit Ethernet (per wifi channel) depending on your 2.4GHz/5GHz setup and many other factors.

Just because you can't be assed to do a real solution doesn't make the half assed option appropriate. 100Mbps spread among multiple users looking for high throughput and low latency is not a solution. You might as well pass around a fucking flash drive.
I never even see my desktop. I mean, I get a peak of it at boot but then it's covered with windows. Why would I want to waste all this space on a useless desktop?
Needs mod support, like everything else about a Bethesda game.
450Mbps over 2x2 ac is fantastic. Really it's the best you could expect. If you want gigabit, you have to go wired.
The link between the switch and the router will be 100Mbps. Traffic within the network doesn't need to touch the router.
That completely defeats what he's trying to do.
There are no gigabit hubs.
If you're using 2.4GHz at all in this situation, you're fucked. And repurposing routers when you need APs... Yeah just don't do this...

You're outdated on 802.11 mate. N went up to 40MHz but AC is up to 80MHz (mandatory) and 160MHz optional. Though going through more walls usually makes 5GHz fall off faster than 2.4GHz. But still, WiFi isn't even close to appropriate for this.
If everything needed to use a static IP just because they're connected through a switch, the world would be fucked. Very few devices are connected directly to a router. Your router is in fact a switch as well. Your problem is likely unrelated to the switch. Remove the switch temporarily and see if the problem persists.
Just about anything will be an upgrade. The last couple home routers I've used (for myself or for family members) have been Asus (N66U back before 802.11AC and then AC68U after) and they've been fine for them. A bonus is the firmware support.
Agreed. Paying out the ass for another pair of ports when you could spend $20 on a switch is ridiculous.
That's a very shit router. Are you on WiFi? That would make a bad situation even worse considering it is 2.4GHz only. You need a modern router.
I'll just come out and say it  What you're wanting to do is stupid. Leaving your entire server just open to the internet will not end well. Please don't contribute to every bot net in existence.

If you still go through with it, you need a proper router that creates two networks, not some half assed solution with cascaded routers.
Your switch is a switch, not a router.
I just did a mass find and replace and any that were fucked up along the way, I've been able to fix. Wasn't too bad.
>Why did I do this? There must have been a reason.

Because you need a router to create your network. Having a switch first wouldn't work, unless your modem is actually a router.

>Is the wireless router protecting my network in any way?

In that it is a router with a firewall, yeah, it's blocking all incoming connections like any other firewall.
Yeah, the problem here is a bad cable, not that it was Cat5. It could have been Cat8 for all other matters, a bad cable is a bad cable.
>I need a data storage solution that will be easy to network over multiple computers so that I can access the data to process it without having to wait an huge amount of unnecessary time.

And 

>Another caveat: the building is so old that the network connections suck, so probably should be wifi compatible.

These two statements are incompatible. WiFi is slow, shared, and half duplex. 

Don't you have IT? They can surely spin up a huge storage server for you.
Either because they'll perform identically. The CM600 is probably cheaper so go for that.
I'm trying to explain to you how it works, but you won't listen. You must be using a different app than I meant for you to get. There are dozens of apps called "WiFi Analyzer."
You're comparing a dumbass like Alex Jones who scams dumbasses and bigots out of money to Hitler who tried to genocide multiple groups of people...

I also never said anything about banning anything. I said stop going attention to an attention whore.
You're giving this guy too much credit. Gullible and stupid people will always exist and there will always be those around to take advantage of them. Saving a dipshit's YouTube videos is not going to make a difference. The people he fools will be fooled by them. Those that aren't won't. Saving them isn't making a difference. Not everything that ever happens in the world is important and needs to be saved for some betterment of the world or whatever you think this would do. You and others seem to be suggesting that saving his videos would somehow prove to future generations that people can be lying shits for a profit. We don't need a collection of videos from this cunt to prove that people can be lying shits. 

Save a highlight reel if that makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside. I wouldn't waste a byte on this piece of shit. I'm not "forgiving and forgetting." I'm letting an attention whore fuck head die instead of giving him more attention to feed off of.
Channels 1-11 all overlap channels 4-8. Unless you mean channel 6 which spans from 4 to 8, hence why 1, 6, and 11 are recommended channels.
Clients have to be MU-MIMO because everything before MU-MIMO assumes that when your timeslot comes along, you get exclusive use. There's no concept of sharing. You can't share with a spoiled little kid who has no concept of sharing.
Security in what way? From the internet? Any firewall will block everything coming in from the internet, so someone can't drive by and fuck up your shit, unless you punch a hole in your firewall and let them in. It'll do nothing for protecting you from yourself. If you go somewhere you shouldn't be or download something you shouldn't have, your router doesn't help you. WiFi security? Should be fine.
Ok? I'm giving him all options to consider. Setting up an AP isn't hard.
If someone DDoSs you, there's nothing you're going to do on your router to stop it. You have to receive the traffic, decide that it's junk, and drop it. If you want an edge router, then go for it, but you should be able to handle that traffic. And even if your router does shit the bed, you don't lose your whole local network, you just lose the services run on your router. Within a subnet, nothing is routed.
A CM600 or SB6183 is plenty overkill without having to deal with Puma 6.
2.4GHz channels are only spaced 5MHz apart. WiFi uses at least 20MHz wide blocks. So an empty channel, unless you live in bumfuck nowhere, just means you're interfering with two other groups (and you're making everything worse for everyone on both those groups). This is why everyone says to stick to channels 1, 6, and 11.

You can use an app like WiFi Analyzer to visualize this.
Don't get the 6190. Its chipset has a latency bug. 

What speeds do you get from your ISP? You probably don't need anything anywhere near that end of the spectrum.
>My current router is a pfSense VM

Then you should be doing this properly if you want to separate your server from the rest of your network. NAT adds no security. Double NAT adds nothing but a headache.  

Make a second network using either another physical interface or by using VLANs. Put your server in this new network. On the firewall for this network, block traffic going to your protected network. Allow out to the internet. Job done. Now no one can get into your DAMN network and access your protected network.
/u/ElectroSpore did a good job explaining why you can't just buy a magic devices that fixes your problems, but I think we could do better explaining your options for solutions.

The right way to fix your WiFi coverage is to add an AP. The best way to do this is to run Ethernet from the router to somewhere else in the house and plop and AP down there. 

If Ethernet isn't an option (really, consider it anyway, it's the right way to do things), then you can look at some alternatives. MoCA uses coax and does a good job, for a price. Point to point wireless is designed to span large distances outside, but it can be used to punch through short distances inside. Powerline should be avoided. 

Mesh systems come in two flavors. One, which is by far more common, is an overpriced system of repeaters with all the downsides of repeaters (double airtime cutting speeds in half, slowing down the whole network by putting everything on a single channel). The other type has a dedicated backhaul to get around this, but costs more. Both are still at the mercy of your WiFi penetration. You can't magically put a satellite somewhere that doesn't have WiFi and get WiFi. It needs to be in range of the base in order to connect to it and then extend the range out a bit, which kind of defeats the purpose of the device a bit.
What kind if speeds do you get from your ISP?
Don't worry about MU-MIMO. It literally won't make any difference for you. 

Ubiquiti's AC-Lite or TP-Link's EAP225 would be a good place to start.
So again, get a router that's actually supported and supports whatever features you need right out of the box. Job done.
>it's best to make sure you get hardware that can run OpenWRT so that you aren't stuck with the vendor's shitty software.

No. Buy a router that has the features you need. The age of third party firmwares unlocking more power from shitty hardware is over. Without offloading routing to a dedicated ASIC, these low power routers can't route for shit. Guess what you typically lose when you switch to third party firmwares?
Get a switch to plug everything into. 

What kind of throughput do you get from your ISP?
This falls into "it depends." Technically they could, but it's extremely unlikely. Honestly, they have better things to do than see what sites you're visiting.
MU-MIMO is per AP (assuming they're on different channels, which they should be). MU-MIMO never works in the real world though. Every device has to support it (few do), and even when they do, it tends to not work for whatever reason.
You should really get a router that let's your have multiple subnets instead of sticking two routers behind a third with each doing NAT. 

In any case, yes, you can do that. The subnet mask for each is /24 (255.255.255.0) given than you want from .0 to .255. (The outer could be less if you're not connecting anything else).

But again, this is the wrong way to do whatever you're trying to do.
This works with APs as well. 802.11r. And you don't have to rely on a wireless backhaul in a situation where wireless is obviously not working.
The second option is much better. If you have trouble with coverage and penetration, mesh (and repeaters) won't help. 
I got a tiny tube of thermal compound from Newegg in a box like that once. Could have fit it in a fucking business envelope. 
Just do a clean install. You'll be amazed how much shit you don't need you've collected.
> considering the US uses a thicker wire gauge you'd think it'd work better

Nothing about larger gauge wire would make powerline work better.

>Maybe it's to do that we use ring mains? 

Ring circuits could help. It could also hurt. Like everything else with powerline, "it depends."

90Mbps could be good enough for some people. Personally, if I was dropping to sub 100Mbps, I'd rather just use WiFi. Hell, you can do much, much better than 100Mbps over WiFi.
Yeah, the KitchenAid shit is no joke. The castings are even done in the US.

AvE runs a damn good YouTube channel.
>  it is airgapped except

Then it's not airgapped. An airgapped network **never** touches the internet.
Most of the KitchenAid is actually really nice casting. [They're actually damn well built.](https://youtu.be/0qKp-0h9P18)
I have the most basic model and it has made many doughs just fine.
First of all, I wouldn't be so quick to jump to the "hacker" conclusion.

Secondly, if this is life-or-death equipment, **why the fuck is it connected to the internet?** Something life critical should be airgapped in my mind. I'm all for removing human error and and electronic logging in healthcare, but a device connected in a life critical way to a person should never touch the internet.
>generally, when apple throws stuff in their high end hardware, it starts to trickle down to the lower end stuff.  I suspect we will see it in other apple products within a year or two.  

Apple's other products don't even have Ethernet ports anymore. It's all USB Type-C. Remember, we're talking at $5-20k workstations here. If you paid that for any other workstation, you (should) also be getting 10Gbps if you can make use of it. But MacBooks aren't going to get 10GbE anytime soon. They might sell you a dongle, maybe, but they're not bringing Ethernet back for a spec that no one will be having. 

>This is a myth, perpetuated by media and social media alike.  Desktops and other higher performance computers are not going anywhere, not for a long time.   Sales have fallen flat because both market saturation, and hardware longevity.  People keep their stuff around longer because it works fine, even for modern stuff, and have no reason to upgrade, as well as most people that want a desktop or a laptop likely already have one, or have access to one. 

I didn't say desktops we're going away. I'll always have one. But people aren't going out and buying desktops. Laptops are much more common. Most people don't need more than a basic laptop and you gain the portability of a laptop. 

>My Dell R210ii isn't actually that noisy, and if I did it out of a desktop, it could be silent.  a modern i3-8100 would probably route 10gb, as would likely a high end xeonD, which is a lower heat processor.  My server was just the right price($68, eventually free due to listing mistake over OS).  I also have another R210ii that I paid about $150 for. 


Old, used server hardware that someone is trying to make a buck off of before they throw it away and it's already more than people will pay for a router. People come here all the time asking for $50 routers. And they're silent. Completely passively cooled. No noise at all. They draw maybe 20W. Comparing what people buy today and what would be required to route 10Gbps is ridiculous. We're not even talking the same league of hardware here. Not even fucking close. 

>an m.2 SSD can do 3000MB/s reads, with 1000+MB/s writes.  SSDs are also coming down in price.  

Yeah, PCIe X4 SSDs could do it. We're going back to what's "common." You know what's common? SATA 3 which is a 6Gbps interface. You know what's common on that interface? Spinning rust. 

>Just an FYI, but EPB in Chattanooga, TN offers a 10gbps residential service over FTTH.  Any provider who has FTTH in place could easily bump the speeds up to 10gb.  

Of course they can offer it. Fiber has a fucking ton of bandwidth. They're offering it because they can. It's a big middle finger to the other ISPs who got their head out of their asses and we're suddenly able to magically offer 1Gbps once the municipal fiber rolled out. Nothing more. 

>There is clearly demand for it, just not in the consumer space.  Businesses have wanted more and more for years, datacenters are moving to 100gb and beyond short links, as well as 10gb and beyond WAN links.

No shit. But it's been pretty clear we've been talking about 10Gbps on the home. This is /r/homenetworking and OP is asking about running Ethernet in their home. I'd love to have 10Gbps in my home. I'd use fiber though, but again, that is far, far, far, **far** from common. Some of us are weird. That doesn't mean it's anywhere near common.
>apple just made them a lot more common,

No they didn't. They threw one in the new iMac Pro which starts at $5k. There's absolutely nothing common about an iMac Pro. 

> high end motherboards already have had 10gb networking for a year or two now, and server boards have had them as default for at least 3 years.  

Again, nothing common about that. Hell, most people don't even hast desktops anymore let alone high end desktops. 

Your points about switches agree with mine. 

>its not actually hard to route 10gbps, you just need the horsepower to do it, and currently consumer gear just does not have it because most of it is massively overpriced for junk.  Its getting there, but slowly.  Personally, its just as easy to toss a dual 10gb nic in a decently modern PC or used server and run PFsense or OPNsense.  My little e3-1220v1 powered R210ii can route ~8gbps without issue, which I tested some time ago.

No, that's exactly my point. That's hard to do. Sure, it's not "hard" if you have the hardware, but people buy $100 routers. Cheap, low power SoCs aren't anywhere near routing 10Gbps. Even decent x86 hardware can struggle routing 10G. Your 1220, which you said could almost manage 10Gbps, is an 80W CPU. 80W of heat is well past passive cooling so now we have to talk about huge routers with noisy fans and massive heatsinks to have a hope of routing 10G. This adds to the cost of the device and the running cost. This isn't mainstream consumer gear. Not even close.

10 years from now, 10G in the home will not be common. I'm not being short sighted. I'd love 10G. Hell, I'd love 1G. But it's not happening anytime soon. And as much as us enthusiasts would hate to say it, people don't need 10gig now or in the near future. That's so much throughput. What's the biggest network demand in the average house right now? Netflix probably? Let's pretend badass internet of at least 500M is available to everyone and Netlfix starts streaming 100Mbps streams, exactly what you'd get from a UHD BD. You'd still never run into 10Gbps. That's 100 streams! You could say we'll go with higher bitrates if we had more throughput to work with. Maybe, but we're back to high power applications again. People don't have the hardware to decode anything that high bitrate. 100Mbps is already hard to decode. If you want to go to just bulk downloading, now we're up against disk speeds. Even high end SSDs, which most people aren't going to have, can't keep up with 10G.

I don't see it happening. I'd love it, but it's not going to be anywhere near common any time soon. There's 0 demand for it and that won't change for awhile.
Looks good. Bummer they wouldn't sell you the extra sleds. I'm using an R5 for my current server and will probably grab an R6 for my next desktop build. Fractal makes some damn high quality cases.
Well defended. 
10Gbps in most homes is a long way away. 10Gbps NICs aren't even close to common. 10Gbps switches are expensive and power hungry (10GBASE-T is power hungry alone, a bunch of them in a switch is a lot more than 1G). Routing 10Gbps is hard and the low power routers you find in a typical home can't even manage 1Gbps. 

1Gbps might become common relatively soon. 10G is far away.
"Cat7" won't do any better than Cat6 (maybe 6a). It's an ISO standard and TIA isn't going to do a Cat7 because of the confusion. Cat8 is the next standard and is meant for very short patches. Once your terminate a "Cat 7" cable, it's at best Cat 6a.
Does your ISP support IPv6? Do your games even support IPv6?

IPv6 is probably either enabled by default on your router, or it's just a simple toggle.
> unless your listening device can take advantage of the 80MHz wide channel (VHT80), which very few can, then you're simply using/wasting wireless signal space with zero advantage.

80MHz is mandatory for 802.11ac and it has to support falling back to 20MHz (802.11a) or 40MHz (802.11n) if necessary. 
You don't need to set it up at the gateway. VPN split tunneling works fine on a single client device.
If that's all you're using, then that's all to go on. Nothing wrong there. It's probably your ISP's fault.
>He opened a cable and showed me how it was designed. Apparently, the core of the cable is for download and there is aluminum wrapped around the core which is what's used for the upload.

No... That's not how it works. The "signal" is RF that's almost entirely contained in the dielectric between the center conductor and the outer shield. This is why coax is so simple yet so good at transmitting signals. 

I'd fix your grounding issue regardless. It might not fix your internet, but it's a very good idea regardless. 

Considering your ISP had issues with the node, and fixing it temporarily fixed your issues, I wouldn't be surprised if it's their problem again. 

But just to rule everything out, what hardware are you using? From your modem all the way to your computer, what networking gear do you have?
That's a WiFi NIC.

1) Trying to use a router as a NAS. They always suck.  
2) I'd assume you need to make user accounts.
Don't worry about it. Clockspeed outside of context means nothing.  P4s were pushing 5GHz over a decade ago. That doesn't mean they're faster than anything you can buy today.
Literally any gigabit switch will work. They're all pretty much the same by now.
> I really don't want to be paying to rent one

Spectrum provides a "free" modem. I don't know if that includes a combo modem/router, but I'd recommend not using it anyway. Use the regular modem and a cheap router like a C7.
You might just not be able to. Not every router supports it. Very few do it correctly.
4 days ago you said you didn't have an account with Comcast and you were mooching off their network for free (somehow you slipped through the cracks and never got kicked off when you terminated your account). Now you're saying you've had multiple techs come by. Which is it?
Not like being able to pass a driver's test makes your a competent driver either. You have to be a fucking idiot or actually, literally, blind-as-a-bat blind to fail a driving test in the US.
Does the house have electricity? That's orders of magnitude more dangerous than Ethernet. Phone lines? Same cables.
I had a Seagate drive that I ended up replacing after 9 or 10 years because it just didn't offer enough storage to warrant a place in my server. I was using it as just a temp network storage share that I didn't care about, expecting it to die eventually, but it never did. 750GB sitting next to what at the time was probably 10-12TB of combined storage on the other, denser drives meant it was just wasting a slot in the HDD cage and a SATA port on the board.
To demonstrate this, if the bot was very simple and scanned **every** IP, even those which aren't routable and such (which is a fair chunk of addresses it wouldn't have to scan), it has to check 4.3 billion addresses. If instead it was a dumb bot that randomly guessed hostnames, and only used alphabetical characters, once you get to 7 character long names, you're checking almost twice as many possible combinations (8.3 billion). Once you add in 8 character long names, you're at 217 billion. And it keeps growing. If you're going to scan, it's easiest to just scan IPs.
PoE happens over the same lines that are used for data. 1Gbps and every thing after it uses all 4 pairs.
Romer Gs are fine for gaming. They're somewhat like browns and other tactile switches, which I prefer for both typing and gaming because they still have the tactile feedback when they activate, unlike linears, but their activation and deactivation points are the same, unlike clicky switches.
>Some stuff like time machine backups will still be wireless though I hope. (A synology can be both wired and wireless right?)

You dint have to have a device on WiFi for other WiFi devices to talk to it. It's all on the same network regardless how it connects to the network. 

>For the AP option I am favouring this now. Especially as I read somewhere that an AP with Ethernet ports is essentially an AP AND a switch at the same time which would hopefully solve any TV issue with the tv box needing a direct Ethernet rout to the main modem. (Is that correct?)

Yeah, this would be correct but APs typically don't come with switches built in. There's no reason you can't just have a switch as well though. I have a switch at both TVs in my house for various things to be hard wired into my network. 

>Internet>ISP Modem/Router> AP with Ethernet ports> TV box connected by Ethernet to AP > NAS connected by Ethernet to AP

I would personally suggest avoiding modem router combos. And as I mentioned above, you're not likely to find an AP with a switch built in. So it's more like modem>router>switch>AP.

>My question based on what you wrote above on APs would be why is an AP better than a router in AP mode? Is it just cheaper? What is the best AP money no object? (Perhaps thats a stupid question)

Money no object is a dangerous question when it comes to networking gear. Enterprise gear can cost more than your car. For a home user, if you have 2x2 devices, a Ubiquiti AC-Lite or TP-Link EAP225 is plenty good enough. For 3x3, bump those up to the AC-Pro or EAP245. The advantage over a combo router/AP used as an AP is that they're rock solid and supported. Your typical consumer router is abandoned pretty quickly. You don't want your AP, the wireless entry point to your network, to stop receiving updates leaving you open to vulnerabilities. I personally run an old router as an AP for two reasons. 1) it's still highly supported so the main concern isn't a issue. 2) I only use WiFi for my phone, a couple Chromecast Audios, a regular Chromecast in the garage, and my thermostat so 802.11n is fine and I'm not concerned with getting anything faster.
Guest networks are often implemented using a separate vlan behind the scenes, but no, that's not what I meant. 

With a real router and firewall, you get to decide what's allowed to talk to what. You could block the IoT network from talking to anything but allow your main network to talk to the IoT network.
No. 144Hz should be coming soon. But gsync doesn't mean high refresh rate.
It's a 3840x2160 panel with a gsync scaler. What's the question?
By stranded I mean each conductor is stranded instead of a solid core. This makes them more durable and flexible (good for patch cables) but they're hard to terminate. You'll notice in that video each of the eight wires in the cable are solid. In patch cables, each is going to be a bunch of smaller wires.
Terminating at 6a is hard. On top of that, the cable you have is probably stranded. You'll never re-terminate it correctly.
Because people only remember one bad drive Seagate made like a decade ago and think that 1) applies to all drives they've ever made and 2) still applies to anything they sell today. 

All drives die. Sometimes they last 10 years. Sometimes they last 10 days. Backup your data.
I already have one and I'd probably have bought a second one at that price.
pfSense is FreeBSD based. There are also Linux based router OSs (VyOS).
A router is just a computer. You're not going to build a little embedded device in a flashy case, but a computer can be a router with just a pair of NICs and the right software.
That's why I'm waiting for new GPUs. There's nothing that can push 3440x1440@120.
I'm not concerned about the price. That's a pill you have to swallow if you want the top end shit. I'm not waiting for a price drop, I'm waiting for better hardware.
What monitor are you trying to drive?
Depends entirely on what you're playing and what you're trying to drive. I'm specifically waiting for the new GPUs to drop and hoping the new flagship outpaces the 1080Ti.
That has a very low power mobile CPU, though I does support AES-NI. It'll do better than an RPi but I don't know about 150Mbps.
Just get a router that does what you want (or build your own) and use your current router as an AP. Getting "more routers" doesn't "disrupt" your wireless network. Routers don't have to have WiFi.
Depends on what you host the server on. An RPi? You'll be lucky to get 20Mbps. A half decent x86 PC can easily do 150Mbps.
The sane thing to do is setup a complete separate network for them (using VLANs) and block that network from accessing anything you don't want it to. This requires slightly more than your average consumer router.
>They have the router on the main floor and then they have 3 wireless range extenders/repeaters one on the 2nd fl, main fl, and basement.

Yeah, this is the problem right here. Some devices (Apple's in particular) are bad at roaming. Using repeaters isn't helping them any. All of these repeaters are overlapping in coverage and using the same frequency (by the nature of repeaters). Having fucking three of them is just a nightmare. There's no way that's going to work.
Yeah no problem. Good luck.
Don't worry. It seems the person who did this knows about as much or even less about networking as you do. At least you managed to make the connection that the one module could have been used for both.
Probably, and that's what I was getting at. Either they need separate networks, in which case make separate networks from one router, or they need a single network with multiple APs or switches or something and they're just not aware that such a thing is so simple to do (and would solve their problems here).
>Just so its a little clearer, if I was to do that, would that entail moving one of those white cables onto the data/voice part

Yes.

>then using the blue Ethernet cable to connect them?

That depends. I assume ether 1 or 8 is upstream from you since you said your complex provides internet. If you just want one port to work, you move this to patch that port to whatever the upstream is (1 or 8, there's no way to tell from the pictures). If you want all the ports to work, there are a couple things you can do, but the most straightforward is to connect that short patch cable to a router that you'll keep in this cabinet and then connect that router (either directly or through a switch) to all the other ports which you're using.
>Wifi advertised speeds

I'll give you this one only because they like to advertise two or three bands combined which you can't do with any one device. Though that can be an advantage when you have multiple devices across all the bands, but whatever, you can have that one.

>internet speeds

I get over my advertised speeds. If you're not getting what you're paying for, you need to bring that up with your ISP.

>hard drive capacities

Storage capacities are what they claim, you just lose a bit from formatting (you're still using that space, just not for your music/pictures/porn/whatever) or you're misunderstanding the prefixes (manufacturers use k/M/G/ while some OSs use ki/Mi/Go etc).

There's always some overhead (what most of those examples were), even with Ethernet (20B). Powerline doesn't fall short because of its overhead (though it does have plenty and that doesn't help). It just flat out doesn't even link at those speeds.
Airtime isn't equally shared between all clients on the network. A client that isn't actively sending or receiving is going to make very little difference. If it's just Rxing/Txing small amounts of data every now and then, it'll only make that small difference while it's actually in use. WiFi isn't just XMbps split among N devices giving all devices X/N throughput. 

Also, you don't get the link speed, ever. That's not because you're sharing, it's because there's overhead for WiFi. If you link at XMbps, you can get XMb of data sent in a second. However, a lot of that data is just taken up by the 802.11 frame. It's not "useful" throughput. It's just data thrown away on the other side of the wireless link.

You can also do over 100Mbps on 802.11N. It's pretty obtainable on 5GHz. That's pretty much why I haven't upgraded from N yet. The only wireless hosts I have are fine with 100Mbps.
Yes it would have been. Especially considering fucking no one is ever going to use those phone jacks anyway.
>Main Modem/Wireless Router ---> Router 1----> Router2 ---> Router 3 ---> Router 4

Why in the fuck are you doing this?
The white jacks are with for phone. The red is Ethernet. You *could* rewire the white for Ethernet as well, but you're messing with wiring in your apartment so be ready to undo it or be responsible for it when you fuck it up.
Risk free? Impossible. Nothing is risk free when connected to the internet. 

How do you minimize the risk? Control access through the most secure means you can. This is exactly what a VPN is meant to do. You can access your entire network and you just need to make sure the VPN is secure.
>Assuming you use good passwords for the VPN.

Use public keys (instead of or in addition to the password). Much better than just a simple password.
"Up to" is a cop out when you don't even get a quarter of the "up to" speed. No one has ever gotten "up to" a gigabit on powerline. Even right next to each other, they don't even come close to that. They can't even in a perfect world because of overhead. With noise, that falls even more.
False advertising is saying "free installation" and then charging for installation. It's not saying "$100 a month" and then charging an installation fee.
You won't get anywhere near 100Mbps across "100Mbps" adapters. You'll be lucky to get that on any powerline adapters.
>For example the [NETGEAR PowerLINE 1000](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01M2WSIVD) can do up to gigabit speeds

It absolutely can't do anywhere near gigabit. The "100Mbps" won't hit 100Mbps either.
What are you using now?
>this means that I should not be scared of having a second router on AP mode and then making sure that router is a really strong one.

If you need an AP, get an AP rather than repurposing a router. But yeah, you don't have anything to worry about in this case.

>Is wireless NAS not a thing? I was really hoping this could work for at least 1 TV streaming 4k UHD.

No. At least it shouldn't be a thing. WiFi is slow, half duplex, shared medium. It's all a trade-off for mobility (so your laptop works as you move from the desk to the couch to the kitchen or so you can Reddit from the shitter). A NAS never needs to do that, so the trade-off is for nothing, but it does need high bandwidth which means it would degrade your WiFi. That shared medium point I just made means that only one WiFi device (on a given frequency) gets to talk at a time. Half duplex means they can only talk in one direction at a time. Together, this means that to stream something off your NAS (on WiFi) to a TV (on WiFi) means a chunk is sent from the NAS to your AP, then it's sent from your AP to your TV. Those don't happen at the same time and while it's happening, nothing else gets to use WiFi either. These "turns" are incredibly short so to a human it seems like it's all happening simultaneously, but what it means is all devices effectively share the bandwidth (bandwidth being the colloquial meaning of bandwidth which is actually throughput). The time that's spent sending data from your NAS to the AP then from the AP to your TV is time that can no longer be used by your phone or your laptop or whatever else you have on WiFi. Just hardwire your NAS. There's 0 reason not to.
I had a stuck pixel (then two, then a third) on a 27" 2160 monitor. That's more dense (smaller pixels) than typical monitors. I still couldn't not see it. All I could see no matter what I was doing (unless the pixel by chance ended up being nearly the right color) was this green pixel.
I find 27" too small for 2160. The point of going 4k is so you can have more usable space. If you cram more resolution into the same size monitor, everything gets smaller (note: this isn't an issue for games that scale correctly, but you might have smaller UIs in games that don't). Since I was looking for a work monitor, that wasn't really helpful for me.
>gaming optimised router

This is snake oil at best. Just a heads up. You don't want "gaming" networking gear. You want a good, proper network setup and gaming will work just fine. There's nothing special about gaming that need dedicated gaming gear.

>Hosts a Synology NAS that operates as a media station wirelessly with an Apple TV 4K

The NAS is wireless? Very bad idea.

>Hosts a ISP provided TV box that requires direct ethernet connection to ISP modem/router to work

I'm not familiar with your ISP or TV over IP at all (not interest in cable TV myself), but you can usually figure out how to get around using their hardware for it. It's usually on a different VLAN from what I've seen. Perhaps someone has already figured that out for your ISP.

>I do not want to use range extenders

Good. They don't work.

> I do not want to place another router in the bedrooms like the previous Tennant did.

No you wouldn't. But you might need to add an AP or two.

> I want 1 beast in the living room, pulling internet through the TV room ethernet wall port and sending wifi as far as the f**ing moon.

Yeah well I want couple hundred million dollars to fall from the sky into my pocket but neither are happening. Broadcast power of radios are limited. The limits in unlicensed bands like those used by WiFi are very low. You can't buy a "more powerful" AP. The range is ultimately limited by this power limit and there's nothing you can do about it.
Sounds like you managed to fuck up using a VPN and you're blaming it on "a hacker."
Not on your hardware, no, sorry.
"Secondary" DNS isn't really secondary. At least not in the sense that it's fallback if the "primary" fails. It's going to be pretty random which a host ends up hitting.
Because I called you out? You turn 14 in May.

https://www.reddit.com/r/basketballtips/comments/7tfq2m/_/

[https://i.imgur.com/1vWAyWJ.png](https://i.imgur.com/1vWAyWJ.png)
In your other posts you're 14. You're a mighty successful 14 year old and it's nice of you to provide for your sister at such a young age.
That would be pretty ineffective for most people here. All these Linux isos aren't incrementally changing over time. I had a look at their examples for deduping and they're right about the savings you would see in those situations, but those are the exact opposite use case a data hoarder would see. The big example is three years worth of hourly snapshots. Yeah, that's going to be massively duplicated data. But what people here are storing is not going to dedupe like that at all.
To tell you to grow up and think about doing your problems in a way that will actually work. What do you think will happen when you block your sister from using the internet? And why do you think you get to block your sister from using the internet? Is it your house? Did you buy her phone? Do you pay the bills? Are you providing all of this to her on the condition that she doesn't play music? 

You're acting like a child because you still are one. You'll probably grow out of it eventually. Probably...
They offer raw, bulk storage that you can do with as you please. You're welcome to dedupe if you want.

Unless they're deduping with multiple users which is obviously something you can't do on your own.

E: I should add I doubt they're deduping with multiple users either considering you encrypt everything on your end with your own key. There's not really going to be much to dedupe after you encrypt.
Holy fuck that's expensive. 25 cents per GB storage and 25 cents per GB bandwidth. That's more expensive than Amazon/Google/Microsoft.
This isn't a net neutrality issue at all. Don't degrade a serious issue like net neutrality by using it to describe every little thing you don't agree with.
There's a difference between saving history and saving the ramblings of a piece of shit that scares the gullible and stupid into buying garbage through him.
>Can you get to it's web interface on 127.0.0.1 or whatever?

127.0.0.1 is loopback. That's definitely not going to work...
It does that to be the same circuit. Powerline just sucks and won't work for a variety of reasons that are completely out of your control.
No, you're just acting like a child (because you are one) and asking for a way to escalate a fight between you and your sister. I don't give a shit, but I'm not going to help. Most people here won't.
You don't use DECA and MoCA. If you have DirecTV, you have to use DECA in place of MoCA.
I don't give a fuck really. I'm just telling you to deal with your problems because you asked.
Maybe. WiFi is one of those things where you just have to try and see what happens.
It sounds like he wants to use ports 1-3 for his stuff (one VLAN) and port 4 for everyone else (another VLAN). This should work. I can't remember if the ER-X has a switch for all those ports or of they all have to go through the CPU. If it's the former, basically the ER-X is also a managed switch here. If it's the latter, that could be a huge slowdown moving any local traffic within his VLAN through the router.
That's a pretty large area to cover. Part of the problem is that WiFi is a two way street. You can shout out your window all you want, you still can't hear the field mouse 100 feet away squeak back at you. That's what's happening here. I'm guessing the devices that are trying to connect are mobile devices (probably mostly phones and laptops)? They'll always have a hard time getting back to the AP.
So you think you get to dictate what she can do because...?
Yeah, and the problem is that you can't have a conversation with your sister like a human being. This is a people problem.
This doesn't solve the problem. It makes the problem worse by being a dick.
It's the same thing but it uses lower frequencies to not interfere with your satellite TV.
Because he was using a powerline adapter not a repeater. Powerline works like shit and people blame it on everything from the "age of the wiring" to the color of your breakers.
This is a people problem not a networking problem.
Physically that's about all that's different. He was asking about the different physical characteristics of the drives. Sorry if that's not how that came across.
Those are probably all 2x2 NICs. 200Mbps is reasonable.
Yes but if you're using DirecTV you need to use DECA.
Why do you think being up higher on the wall is going to help get through "thick walls?"
I didn't say use desktop drives. I said to use NAS drives and even mentioned the brand names used by the "big two" consumer HDD manufacturers. There are plenty of differences between different drives (largely in firmware, as you said), but it seemed pretty far out of scope when OP is asking about form factors. Trying to keep it basic here. 

I regret even giving a single example of the differences. It seems some people here want exhaustive lists of everything or your contribution isn't worth it.
And? I didn't exclude any other games. "Games" would reasonably include all games. If games can range from hundreds of MB to hundreds of GB, 6-7GB is on the smaller side of that.
NAS HDDs are the same 3.5" form factor you're used to. They come in all different speeds and capacities. Speed isn't much of an issue because you'll be limited by the network anyway. Brands don't matter. All drives die eventually. Doesn't matter who makes them. Backup your shit if you care about it. 

Drives marketed as NAS drives (WD Reds and Seagate IronWolf are the big consumer names) are supposed to be more tolerant to vibration experienced in multi-HDD enclosures. That's about it.
FO4 with the high res textures is over 100GB. I think the high res textures alone are 50-60GB on top of the base game.
No? Who said that?
I would. Games can easily hit 100GB now. AAA titles are easily over 50GB now.
The DECA adapter has nothing to do with your WiFi. DECA is MoCA on frequencies that don't interfere with satellite TV. 

What devices are you testing with? 200Mbps over WiFi could be very good depending on the device. If you want gigabit, you have to go wired.
It's time to build (or buy) a NAS.
Yeah probably. This will be a huge bottleneck for most people.
Anything that isn't duckweed. Frogbit is a pretty nice looking one.
>I got duckweed and it was all gone within a couple of days

Good. You dint want duckweed.
It's actually not even an Android option. Vanilla Android has always had one font (it's been Roboto for awhile now). Phones with optional fonts have had them added by third parties (pretty sure Sammy started that fucking mess). 

Anyone who uses that font should really rethink their lives.
Legal process? They can price match at their discretion. They're obviously not going to match any random listing online because anyone could put up a bogus listing for any price. Most places that would offer to price match Amazon would limit that to "sold by Amazon" listings.
No.
So you have multiple IPs from your ISP? And your modem is just a modem, not a router?
>  They died after handling them a few times.

So just as durable as a regular SATA cable.
>My home config now is simply a modem given from the internet provider (which I can't get access to so no ip change, QoS etc) with attached 4 routers with static ips and different ip pools to not overlap that cover the entire house and serve multiple devices (pcs, printer, chromecast and so on).

Why?
SATA cables are pretty fragile. They're really not rated for much wear and tear unfortunately. Thankfully they're cheap a shit though so just grab a handful of them every now and then and keep stocked up on them for when they do go bad.
FC5 comes out at the end of this month.
Sure. You can mine on CPUs as well. It's just generally a waste of time.
It doesn't matter.
I use 172.16/12...

It really doesn't matter in most cases. I use something in 172.16.0.0/12 because no one else does if I want to VPN home, it's pretty damn unlikely that I'll ever have a conflict.
Back when that decision was made, no one could have predicted that everyone would have dozens of IP devices in their house, not to mention at least one on their person at all times. The simple answer is probably just that it wasn't a concern at the time.
>The pair I bought 5 years ago also have 1 ms refresh rate

1ms "response time." That was a bullshit metric 5 years ago and it's bullshit now. It's like TV manufacturers who started claiming 100,000, 1,000,000, 1,000,000,000 and eventually "infinite" contrast ratio. 

>I'm just asking why prices are so high for G-Sync.

G-Sync has a small cost associated with it because you have to pay Nvidia. But because of that cost, no manufacturer is going to bother adding it to cheap monitors. Adding $50 to a $100 monitor means you'll never sell to your original target audience. Adding $50 to a $500 monitor doesn't matter. It's not that G-Sync is particularly expensive, it's just that G-Sync is only added to monitors that already cost more.
$100 1080 monitors from 5 years ago can't hold a candle to the monitors you're comparing them to. The price increase doesn't come from gsync alone. The panels are better. They're higher resolution. They're higher refreshrate. They have better color representation. You're asking why would anyone buy a Corvette when they could buy a Camry for less.
This isn't really any taller than 27" 16:9 (34" ultrawide is the same height as 27" 16:9). It's just wider.
Depends how you value the differences. I have the AW and I have no complaints about the price difference.
The most important thing to mention right at the start, which wasn't mentioned at all, is that your average consumer router cannot manage OpenVPN above a couple dozen Mbps. Somewhere in the range of 10-50 Mbps covers what most routers will be capable of. If you have halfway decent service, this is going to limit your entire network.
Don't live places that give you "free" internet. It's always a clusterfuck. How do you trust the upstream?

The "right" way to do this (which is very hard to say "right" here), is to have a bridge to connect to the WiFi, which then connects to your router to create your network. I still wouldn't do this. Get your own connection to a real ISP, create your own network, and avoid all the problems caused by your apartment wanting advertise "free WiFi."