That works sometimes. My car has the pump on the right side, but I fill my tank on the left.
I know exactly what you're talking about and thought of the same bear. Stood in the back of the enclosure going a few steps forward, then a few steps back.
Since I see no one else has said it, Fuck Bettman.
Can't tell where that ball bounced in that gif, but it looks like that hit the grass/dirt lip, which causes a fairly unpredictable next bounce.
Is there a Church of Ohtani yet? If so, where do I sign up?
[You know you can insert links to avoid that mess. ](http://cbs.streamguys.com/d/clips/4b5f9d6d-9214-48cb-8455-a73200038129/446b28a7-7167-402f-bf3b-a7a001770a24/28ca733a-7dba-4f2f-9ae1-a8b900e74e4c/audio/direct/t1522937078/4_5_Hour_4-_Rizzo,_Armen_Keteyian,_Nat's_Academy's_Tal_Alter.mp3?t=1522937078&aw_0_1st.episodeid=4%2f5+Hour+4-+Rizzo%2c+Armen+Keteyian%2c+Nat%27s+Academy%27s+Tal+Alter&aw_0_1st.genre=Comedy&callsign=WJFKFM&market=Washington%2bD.C.&awCollectionId=10783&show=The+Sports+Junkies&category=Comedy&awEpisodeId=28ca733a-7dba-4f2f-9ae1-a8b900e74e4c&episode=4%2f5+Hour+4-+Rizzo%2c+Armen+Keteyian%2c+Nat%27s+Academy%27s+Tal+Alter&listeningSessionID=5ab5487275319ec0_1405080_bgqOri8X__0000000gEhT)
C'mon. The article states that Bezos used his own money to buy the Washington Post. Bezos owns both Amazon and the Washington Post. Amazon does not own the Washington Post.
Oh cool thanks. I didn't know he did that. I'll check his Twitter after the show.
What was the song that they came back to on the 2nd or 3rd national segment in the 10 o'clock hour? They did TrumpGotz during that segment.
I was listening to the Dan Lebatard show today and he mentioned Vlad G, a name I haven't heard in years. He said that he did an article on Vlad and learned Vlad only had a roughly 3rd grade education. And Frank Robinson did everything he could to not offend Vlad. A little tangential, but fitting. I member the expos. I member Vlad. To see his kid do that? Boy does it feel like an Expos game.
Yes.
It is. And it was a big deal. I went to a school in the same athletic conference as Lower Marion when that incident happened and it was over the local news for ages.
Holy shit UMBC shot out of their minds in the 2nd half.
Went there this past summer and its stunning. The entirety of the property is incredible. The tour is amazing and so are the employees. I went down to the one small farm and there was a woman in the octagonal barn who told us all about the farming acitivites that happened on the farm back in the day. 

Honestly could spend all day there.
Vacationed there once and was in a hotel. Gotta say hotel service was shit, but that's expected. Also, my family went to a Lookouts game and boy, that team didn't look AAA to me. 3rd baseman that night couldn't even make a throw to first without a bounce. 

Otherwise, I gotta say I love Chattanooga. Although driving thru some areas there were no cars or people and that was weird.
There was no codified term limit when FDR was president. He ran, and won, four times because there was nothing stopping him to begin with. Which led to the 22nd amendment.
I agree. We may be trash, but we'll never be jersey.
No we're insufferable.
This. From PA though. That 2011 quake had me thinking helicopters.
I'm from Pennsylvania. When I felt an earthquake, I thought it was the downforce from helicopters since that was the last cause of my whole house shaking.
I'm fucking crying. I die for these teams. I remember 2004. I was 8. That loss devastated me. This was just so much relief. Oh my god I wanna go riot now.
LET ME BELIEVE.
Me too. I say those two Eagles linemen on that Patriots lineman and was waiting for the yellow flag to fly.
HERE WE GO BOYS LETS GET SOME PAY DIRT
That was a fucking insane tackle. I figured the arm would slow him down, not stop him.
You too buddy.
Oh my god I thought I was alone. I'd spend hours doing this making sure I had every song from every album labeled and organized. Had a 90GB music folder that I ended up losing when my old laptop HDD went.
Oh yea I feel at this point the throwing up is more a metaphor for how that game went for Donovan. As an Eagles fan I remember frustration because it felt like we got close and then just couldn't catch up.
As for why I'd consider the 2004 Eagles championship worthy, they made the Super Bowl, which is the championship, making them worthy by definition alone. As for supporting stats, that team was 13-3, going 0-2 at the end of the season with the starters on the bench. Among the 14 games the starters played, they had 9 wins by 10 or more points, scored 30 points 6 times, including scoring at least 40 points twice. From those 14 games, the defense held the opponents to 10 points or less 6 times. 

Patriots had 10 wins by 10 or more points, scored 30 points 5 times, including scoring at 40 points twice. From the 16 games, the defense held the opponents to 10 points or less 6 times

For the playoffs, the Eagles won their playoff games by 13 and 17 points respctively. The Patriots won their playoff games by 17 and 14 points respectively. 

So from the general scorelines, these teams were fairly equal. 

Now all of that is not to say McNabb blew it throwing 3 INTs during the game.
> (maybe not...can't get over McNabb throwing up late in that game).

[He didn't though.](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2520265-nfl-urban-legends-donovan-mcnabbs-super-puke)
I don't currently, but I'm about to start. Pat is gonna hear me loud and clear. He needs to step up and resign. No other option. This is unacceptable. I hate him for what he's done in Congress, but this crosses lines. His inability to perform on the federal level has me embarassed. I'm ashamed to say he's my representative. I know my district. I know what kind of people live here. And we're better than him. He doesn't deserve our district. 

Fuck you Pat. You're getting several calls and emails weekly until you're out of office.
FUCK. YOU. PAT. You're my representative and you're a filthy piece of shit. You got elected in one of the most gerrymandered districts in the fucking country and you represent us like this? Makes fucking sense. 

Pat, fuck you please resign. You don't care about us. When I got my Eagle in 2013, you were the worst politician I had to deal with to get a letter of congratulations. I can't wait to not vote for you. You don't deserve to represent this district. We're better than you.
Thanks for doing this. I have some bossing experience, but haven't had a chance to learn AoD. I hope I don't forget!
Well thats not that bad. I know my cousin didn't get a tattoo she wanted because it would've been too hard to maintain.
Thanks for the quick reply! I'm not yet tattoo'd but want to be, and seeing this gave me an idea of something I might want. 

Did the artist tell you what kind of care is going to be needed? Like as far as future touchups?
That's so cool! What led you to getting the tattoo and why did you decide to get what you got? How long did it take? Did it hurt getting it in that area?
What the fuck even.
LONG COX
What the fuck is this game?
Bruh what the fuck.
Ordered day of post. Just got it today.
Don't worry. I just went no contact today. We're all working to move on don't worry.
Yea. Finally got her off FB, spotify, haven't blocked her tho
Man, I wish my fears and vulnerabilities were sponsored.
Wow just tuned in and Dan is all emotional. That was raw. I can vibe with those emotions.
Yea I don't use facebook. Planning to just to update my tinder. Barely use Twitter, don't use instagram or tumblr. She does have a reddit account, but I can keep myself from peeking. If not, just gonna have to block.
Yea. I had to go through and remove her. Its tough because sometimes you forget things are even connected.
Sounds like you're doing pretty well. That's an impressive feat. Sounds like you're really moving past it.
I feel you. I wanna just talk to her and I know I shouldn't. I know I gotta make some changes. 

You gotta start to accept its over. I got back with my ex for 7 days and now I'm right back where I started. Just take your time.
Got broken up with today. Dropped her stuff off tonight, just watching football and chatting with friends.
I wish I knew. Its a great question. One that is not often answered.
Pm'd
Man I can understand that pain. That has to be brutal. Having it then not having it. It does hurt.
Oh man it hurt because it turned into a week of bliss that came crashing down today.
It does. You keep wanting it even when it hurts.
Yea I know I can't look at it. I want to, but it only makes me feel worse at the end. I now actually have to put together a box of her stuff and drop it off.
Thanks.
I did thanks.
I just re-broke up with my ex. I had to unfriend her on snapchat because I knew I'd obsess over it like I did last week when we first broke up. I blew up my snapchat with photos of a park her and I used to go to and was constantly checking to see if she had looked. 

He's probably hurting and trying to hurt you with what he's posting. He's probably also waiting for you to post stuff too. I know I was waiting for her to post stuff.
Congrats! Its good you're moving on. I hope I can end up where you're at. 

How did you motivate yourself to do things? I find I struggle to do that. 

How did you manage to not drink? I have a drinking problem myself and find it can be hard to manage.
Just got mine. 1 of each from the gif. They're 2" tall by 5" wide.
Wow. I was taking this class this fall, but ended up dropping it. Haven't done much programming since I dropped the class, but this will be a good information for me to use. Thanks!
Just got mine in the mail. Not sure exactly when I requested, but this one took awhile. Worth the wait, the stickers are pretty cool.
Wentz's knee is dead
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT. WHY CAN'T WE HAVE NICE THINGS? LIKE I HAD CAUTIOUS HOPE. JUST PLEASE, BIG DICK NICK, CARRY US TO THE PROMISED LAND.
Drugs, alcoholism, not doing well in school, not listening, not taking her on dates, just kinda not caring. I now see it was those things plus depression that caused the problems.
Yea I realized I just gotta go forward. No turning back. Gotta learn and grow. I'll value our time together, but we're probably better off separated.
Hey it happens. Just make sure you're not going off the deep end.
Yea I already had weekly appointments, so it'll be nice to get in there. 

Yea talking has been good. I honestly cant say I spent any time trying to make my own friends while dating her. So I have limited social outlets. 

Yea I think I'm gonna try getting into a gym. 

Yea like I'm hurting really bad right now. I just miss my baby girl. I miss her smile, her laugh, the way she looked at me, how calm and relaxed she looked in my arms. And it's all gone. All of it. Destroyed. And she was my soulmate.
I'm in therapy, but my appointment isn't until Tuesday. 

I've just been trying to chat and it has helped me not feel so lonely. I'm also planning to program over my winter break to prepare to retake my comp sci class.
Yea it doesn't matter. And yea. Today has been very tough. Just not a great day.
Yea its a sick feeling. I had my breakup today and felt that many times. It's shitty. Just take it day by day. We're here.
I'm on Day 1 too. I lost a best friend. She was in your position, but she ended it. I was just shocked it happened. I never expected her to stop loving me.
I wouldn't. He's not your friend. He hurt you. Lock it up and don't let him see.
You can do it. Drinking won't help the pain. Start loving yourself. Make sure you do self care. Things can work. And thank you.
Yea. Just realize I can only control me. I'm hoping the month off between semesters will be a chance for me to change.
Yea I chose to seek out people to talk to instead of trying to get drunk and drown out the emotions, which is what I wanted to do, but won't.
Wow thanks. Because that's kinda where I feel I am. Depressed, don't wanna do school work or go to my job, drinking, and drugs. I guess I can get through this, get over these things, and become better.
Thank you. I'm still just in shock. I have a lot of free time coming up with the semester ending and I'm trying to see it as an opportunity to change and grow.
Maybe not with her, but why do you want to be with someone who doesn't like you? You deserve better and should try for it too. I had a breakup today and I did that too. Sent blubbering messages that weren't returned. Didn't make me feel better. Try talking to us in the whatsapp chat. It honestly has helped me not want to message her.
Join the whatsapp group and come let it all out. I've been doing that and I feel so much better just knowing someone else understands.
I know the feel. Its rough. You can do it though. I had my breakup today and I'm still reeling from it. Just talk it out. I think you need some connection and support. 

Also, you mentioned communication with your ex, maybe /r/exnocontact could help.
Thanks. I've been reaching out and I just need people to talk to so I don't feel alone. Because that's been my overwhelming feeling today.
It had to be done. It sucks and the timing sucks, but a breakup will never not suck and there's never a great time to break up. You figured out it wouldn't work. It hurts, but he'll be okay. And you will too.
No don't break NC. Come to /r/exnocontact and join the whatsapp group. I just had a breakup today and it really helps having people there to talk to. 

I feel the same way, but you gotta fight the urge.
I hear you. I just broke up with my exgf today, so I'm more sad and lonely, but being lied to sucks. You're better than those lies, but it seems the lies hurt you deep. 

I've just been trying to reach out. My ex was most of my social circle, so I've been lonely. 

Pm me if you wanna talk about it.
Yea I put the bird on my computer. I love the little guy. Such a cutie!
Did this about 10 days ago, got back 3 stickers with the word 'Randal' stylized and 'Speed Trucks' underneath. Stickers are roughly 1.5" in length and 0.5" in height.
Emailed a few weeks ago to no avail, tried again last night. Will update when I get them.
Got mine a week or two ago. I'd say like a 5" x 1.5" red rectangular sticker. Put it on my car.
Mailed a SASE to them about a week ago. I'll update if I get them.

Edit: got three stickers back. They're okay. Wish there was one of the thumbnail in it.
Mailed my letter this morning. I'll update if/when I get them.

Edit: got them yesterday. They're little blue crabs and I got like 6 of em.
Yea it was awesome! I lost the piece of paper, but I remember you wanted to see where people put them, so could you tell me where I could send pictures? 

I would consider it. The medallion is really cool and stylish, so a larger version that could be seen on my car? Yes please.
Got mine a few weeks ago and its one of my favorites.
Got mine finally earlier this week. There was a white and blue rectangle stickers saying vultr, a large bird sticker, and a white medallion with a stylized 'V' in it. Love em.
Got my stickers. Put a small medallion on my laptop and the large black label one on my car. In all, 6 stickers. Only wish there were larger medallions, would love to put one on my car.
Got two stickers. A blue shark, about 3-4" in length and a smaller purple rectangle one. Ordered near day of post and got them like a week or two ago.
Got mine at least a week or two ago.
Got mine a few days ago.
Flyers fan. I'm okay with this. Kinda not done making fun of McAdoo.
That was patience to find the gap.
I'm gonna take that "fuck" to be a bad sign.
Carson Wentz is pretty good I guess.
Okay, so looking at a spreadsheet from awhile ago, most of the stuff you have there is a couple bucks a piece maybe. If anyone wants to buy it.
Also a scout within CoL and ohmygod council is a pain. I know a few guys who work there and they're great, but overall council was terrible. Even district level can be icky.
Gonna third this. Girlfriend introduced it to me earlier this year and while I've fallen away from it recently, I fell in love with it.
Hi. You must be me. I'm dealing with the same problems. My girlfriend has been telling me the ADHD and depression have been issues and I had been ignoring them. Current plan is getting into therapy and seeing the doc about meds. I'm working to restart some old habits like making lists and using my bullet journal. Unlike you though, I've basically spent the first month of classes sort of attending and not really doing work. Done well in the past, just off on a pretty bad foot. My hope is to talk to professors and see what I can do to get back on track or salvage. So I'm planning ahead, but taking it a day at a time.
Yes and its the moral obligation of that free and open society to denounce those dregs and try to reform them. You're right. Humans get things wrong. We as a species learned Nazis are bad and wrong 70 years ago. Is it not safe to say, we as a free and open society, with our moral obligations, should work to reform those who subscribe to Nazi ideology and do what we can to eliminate Nazism as a legitimate method of thinking?
As an American, I'm disgusted that Russia had the opportunity to do this. As a Pennsylvanian, I'm sickened that anyone would try to manipulate our election. I'm just hopeful that our system wasn't breached. If it wasn't, that means there isn't something to learn. Pennsylvania will need to look at systems of other states that were compromised and weren't, and see what can be done to improve security. 

On the other hand, the state still needs to release the source code for the polling booths. No reason code can't be reviewed. Just because I set it and knows that it's legit doesn't mean I can change it.
Come for Preet Bharara, stay for Tabasco how its made.
I work at a butcher and the number of times I've crushed my fingertips dropping the cutboards into the dish pit is too many. I'd honestly have walked away.
Pennsylvania has a 6% sales tax, a $19 burger would cost $20.14 not counting other items or a tip. Outside of Alaska, Delaware, New Hampshire, Montana, and Oregon, all states apply a sales tax. Generally speaking, many states apply at least a 6% sales tax. So while priced at $19, in a vast majority of states this burger would result in a bill of at least $20 not including a tip.
Yea I subscribe to several CS/programming subreddits and people mention Git a lot, but I've yet to hear it mentioned in any class I've taken and I want to understand it more, but don't know how.
Didn't put weight clips on the end of the bar for bench press. Lifted uneven, weights fell off one side, then the other, and the entire gym stared at me.
Had never seen that before and HOLY SHIT.
/r/wordavalanches
Me too. He has a great passion for what he does, can explain those difficult topics, and just isn't a pompous ass. Or at least doesn't come across as one.
Michio Kaku.
I wish I could at least say I was surprised, but I'm not. Honestly I was waiting for that.
RIP. Sadly was the right call. Good chip shot to the fairway tho.
I mean he mishit the volley thankfully, but who tf let him attempt a volley like that inside the 18?
Bedoya: LOL YOLO.
Liked the creative FK. Executed very well minus the last pass. Like to see them trying different things.
That's not terrible. So for tickets, parking, and SoB membership, it still wouldn't hit $600 for me, which is doable. 

What's the deal on friendlies/USOC matches?
AYYYYYYYYY 2ND GOAL ON THE ROAD. 

Also, how are season tickets? I'm thinking SoB/RiverEnd, which isn't bad, but is parking cheaper for season ticket holders? Not tryna pay ~$20/25 to park in a stone lot. 
Man I wish the properties I cut had trees that big. I figure it's gotta be a 3+ acre property if you have time to stop and chill under a tree while on a Z.
Bit of a difference. The colonies separated due to taxation without representation. The CSA separated because they didn't want to lose slavery. One a cause to establish rights for individuals and another a cause to prevent establishment of rights for individuals. Just to let you know, you're trying to compare the founding of this country to the formation of the Confederacy. The declaration of independence clearly outlined grievances while nearly all southern states in their written declarations of secession focused on the preservation and maintenance of the institution of slavery. Even mentioning slavery 3 times within the founding document of the CSA. 

He had one slave Tom who tried to run away. George sent him to the West Indies. I'm not saying George didn't mistreat those people, but he had come to the decision that he needed them to maintain his properties and freed who he could after his death. George came around on slavery. 

No one is arguing these men owned slaves, that's what wealthy landowning elite did at the time. Among other things like writing the declaration of independence, articles ofi confederation, the consitution and the bill of rights. Despite their owning of enslaved people, they had redeemable and tangible benefits to our nation. 

Tell me, what did Robert E. Lee, Jefferson Davis, and Stonewall Jackson do for the United States of America? Because I know I can find laundry lists of things George Washington and Thomas Jefferson have done for the USA. 

Don't try to equate founding fathers to confederate military officers. They may be slave owners, but are by no means equal.
Dred Scott is one of the worst results ever returned by the Supreme Court. Declaring that slaves and their descendants were not citizens and therefore had no legal standing in a courtroom. This was a 7-2 decision with the majority opinion written by Taney and concurred by the 6 other judges with 2 minority dissenting opinions. 

When your legacy is the majority opinion on arguably the worst decision our nation's highest court has ever made, you don't deserve a statue.
Okay, I was at Mount Vernon yesterday. You're completely misrepresenting Washington and his views on enslaved people. As early as the 1770s Washington questions slavery as both an economic and moral institution. He never publicly denounced slavery because he felt like it could tear apart a young nation. By the 1790s he was against the institution of slavery and in his will freed his slaves. The only major founding father to do so. Martha then freed the slaves in 1801 before her death in 1802. Now before you say that wasn't all of them, George and Martha had no legal grounds to free the Custis slaves, who were given to their grandkids. 

Yes, Washington had enslaved people. So did many wealthy people at the time. Don't view that time period through a modern lens. View it through the norms of the time. 

Also, why are you trying to compare the General who led us in war against the British in the Revolution, quelled the military leaders who wanted to institute a military government as a result of nonpayment of wages, was our first president who led a brand new nation through its founding years, and established many presidential traditions to men who agreed that slavery was a proper institution, illegally seceded from the Union, and proceeded to commit traitorous acts against the Union. 

Washington wasn't perfect, but at least he wasn't a fucking traitor to the Union because having enslaved people and taking up arms for your "right" to have and keep enslaved people are not equal by any measure.
Looks great. I love how it doesn't look perfect, just keep an eye on the movement of the stones over the seasons. They'll move a little, so maybe once or twice a year just kinda make sure they're where they should be.
Working on professional grounds is a dream come true for any landacaper. The idea of being the groundskeeper for any soccer club is mindboggling. Reading through this, this man cares a lot about that field and you don't necessarily see that all over. He knows he's not on the field at kickoff, but he knows he influences everything before that. Meticulous, careful, and caring. No matter the quality of the Union's play, he's gonna make sure they play on a world class pitch.
Because when did the PA DMV ever make sense? I'm 21 and just went for my first license renewal and had to go from a photo center to the normal dmv because I had a veterans sticker. Despite being 21 and having obtained my license before I join the armed the forces. What should have been a 10 min process was 2 hours. Par the course.
That was incredible and I was laughing all the way through, but my one question is, how much money was that goofing about? I'm wondering from curiosity since that was, I'd assume, at least $1m a piece.
I remember buying new pants after I bruised my tailbone and it made me miss two days of school. That tailbone pad, and pants padding in general, is often underlooked until its needed.
Yo nothing wrong with being excited about a goal. Your team scored! Be happy! 

I personally kept it simple, usually just one leg up in the air with a fist pump. Sometimes was a jump with arms up and skating for my teammates. 

Honestly, just celebrate. Who cares how you look, you scored. Even better if you fall. They be like damn he just score on us and fall the fuck down? We must suck.
Everything I've read is basically that prime is the finest quality, (not cut), followed by choice, followed by select. Grading, while visibly different, is still a subjective process. Easiest difference would definitely be between the select and choice. That's a fairly obvious difference, but choice and prime is a lot harder.
I've only recently started working at a butcher and will by no means call myself a butcher, but I will speak to the USDA grade of the beef being used. 

Select has very little interstitial fat within the muscle, while choice or top choice has moderate marbling. What that fat does is add flavor and juiciness to the meat. While the juiciness won't matter since its being slow roasted, you do lose flavor. Of all the subprimal cuts of beef, the chuck is one of the more flavorful, albeit tougher meats.

I'd suggest using whatever you didn't use this time the next time and compare them yourself. 

Before I end, I will say, how well its cooked will matter a lot more than the beef grade. Doesn't matter if select, choice, or prime, if its cooked well done or beyond, it won't be that good. But if its cooked properly, difference will be interstitial fat.
Gonna go call and talk to Cradle of Liberty officials. Happen to know some of the uppers not only in my district, but in the council. As a Cradle of Liberty Eagle Scout, whose council holds the yearly Valley Forge pilgrimage and encampment, I have choice words for them. I need them to do everything they can to distance themselves from that disaster. Anything less is unacceptable. 

I still remain active within my district and council and I would hate, hate, hate, to see them not strike this down with force.

Edit: by choice words, I do not mean to disparage my district or council. They do wonderful things, I just want to make sure one of the eagle scouts they produced is not happy with what Trump said and would like to see the council do what they can to distance themselves from it.

Edit 2: Searched and this was on my council's facebook page: "2017 National Scout Jamboree Statement:

The Cradle of Liberty Council, Boy Scouts of America has a longstanding tradition of upholding the values set forth by the Scout Oath and Law. These values guide us each day as we shape the lives of the more than 16,500 youth we serve in Philadelphia, Delaware and Montgomery counties. Instilling a sense of citizenship in young people within our reach is at the core of Scoutingâ€™s mission. To that end, for the past 80 years, the Boy Scouts of America has embraced a tradition of inviting the current President of the United States to speak at the National Scout Jamboree, regardless of political affiliation. The purpose of the 2017 Jamboree is to uplift and empower the 40,000 youth gathered for 10 days of building character, leadership, outdoor skills, and friendships.

The Boy Scouts of America and the Cradle of Liberty Council are non-partisan, apolitical organizations that focus on positive youth development. We stress the character traits embodied in the Scout Law and the conduct embedded in the Scout Oath. We also embrace the importance of civility and respect in daily life. The Cradle of Liberty Council does not endorse any political party, point of view or policies and apologizes to any members, volunteers or charter partners in any way offended by the President's remarks."

Also, somewhat thankfully, I'm happy my district doesn't maintain an active facebook page. I'm pleased with my council's statement because I've always felt my council has reflected the districts within it, which then reflect the troops that make them up. I love my troop, my council district, and my council. I also love the BSA. I'd hate to see this organization that has given me so much to be disparaged by a man like Trump.

When I went to do my Eagle project, my first question was whether I could do a project at our chartered organization. The answer, surprisingly, was yes. I was asked why I did my project at our chartered organization and my answer was, "this church has sponsored the troop I belong to for over 80 years. The least I can do is give back to them for giving me the chance to gain so much over the past 10 years." I had been at that church since I was 7 years old as a Tiger cub, I made Eagle days before my 18th birthday. I'm watery eyed writing this because I love the scouts, I love my council, I love my district, and I love my troop. Boy Scouts gave me so much and if the BSA needs me to help defend it, I'm here.
Damn. Good on that kid for saying he's trying to run his business. I worked as a landscaper and saw cops all the time. Even walked around tossing placards and advertising stuff on lawns. Never once was I harassed because most of the crew was white. 

I bet if that lawn crew were white the cop woulda kept driving. This was racially based. I've never seen a lawn crew, white, black, Mexican, or any mixture thereof being questioned by police.
Worst story I heard was working landscaping. My manager was mowing a lawn and hit a rabbit, then saw the nest. He called his boss and asked what to do, his boss said, "fuck the rabbits" and he ended up beheading like 4 rabbits, 1 being spared to witness the carnage and another that ran away.
I'm well aware. I get why they would. They're trying to be accepted by the city as a major team. Look at the Eagles, Flyers, the old Phillies, and the old old Sixers. They were gritty, hardworking teams. Some stars, but no huge huge stars. So I guess at shitty as it can be, I buy into some of the "Philly toughness stuff".
Y tho. Like not the other four, but y simpson so expensive?
I'd love Vermes b/c he's a good coach, but also b/c he's local. He would understand the hot/cold nature of the fans, the hounding and seemingly stupid Philadelphia sports media.

His biggest benefit tho? I think due to him being from here, he'd be able to establish a functional, yet Philly, style of soccer and create an identity for the team. 

Edit: I know it was /s, but simply b/c Vermes is from here, I wouldn't question if he's "Philly Tough" or blue collar enough. He's a Burlington boy. I'd accept him immediately.

For how much the people love local, we should let a local guy set the identity.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.


That was such a traumatic experience for me I actually renounced the Eagles and became a Colts fan after that. Back to being an Eagles fan tho.
Locks I love you, but why you gotta do that to me? Like let me be happy with the point.
I'm happy with a point.

ALSO STILL MAD PETER VERMES COACHES A TEAM IN THE MIDWEST AND NOT THE UNION EVEN THO HE GREW UP IN THE AREA AND I'M JUST JEALOUS WE DON'T HAVE A VERMES-LEVEL COACH.
yea that 92nd minute shot wide was the jinx.
That too. I always felt like he's been grateful for every opportunity. Especially because he plays for the hometown team. I remember as a kid, if I were to become a pro athlete, I'd wanna play for a Philly team. 
Ye, was corrected. I realized I went to all 2015 games and I guess just assumed McCarthy played it all, but i don't remember regulation of the 2015 final, only the shootout, but I did remember going crazy from the sub.
Bruh. Thought it was unspoken. Like why you gotta say what we all know?
Shit. Now I remember that shitty play from MacMath at the start of 2nd half in the 2014 final when he decided not to grab the ball on the 6yd box and resulted in a Seattle goal.

Thanks for the correction. Now thinking, I only went to the 2014 Final, but went to all the home matches for the 2015 USOC and mostly remember the PKs.

But agreed, he's no starter, but a solid backup. I especially like him since he's a local boy.
MFW in pre-game the Philly people be like McCarthy is inexperienced and needs to prove himself. Proceed to reference USOC and the FINAL these two teams played without saying it was a final. 

Then sucking his dick by halftime for the fact that it was scoreless.

McCarthy is a good GK. You don't start an MLS team's USOC games and lead them to back to back USOC finals by mistake. Yes, quality isn't as good overall due to playing non-MLS teams, but he's experienced and has played in big games. I mean, B2B USOC Final starts for Lord Helmet. 

Edit: as /u/LocksTheFox says in the comment below, McCarthy didn't start either game and only played the PKs on the 2015 final. I'm not remembering things right.

/rant

LH is good, not great. I hate seeing him treated like he's clueless.
Never gonna forget the night Lord Helmet blocked 3 PKs from the Rochester Rhinos in the USOC. He's always been good, its that theres still better.
2real4me. Drowning in another beer knowing I've watched Philadelphia teams win 1 trophy and lose 4.

Edit: title to trophy

Won: 2008 World Series

Lost: 2009 World Series, 2010 Stanley Cup, 2014 USO Cup, 2015 USO Cup.
DOOP. KC has a guy named I-Lie. McCarthy not only contending for Union starting GK, but also the Flyers after that kick save.
That's actually really cool. I remember one of our adult leaders tried something like that, but it was a "challenge" of using an intentionally shitty map.
I met a good friend in college because I had an eagle scout medallion on my keychain and he walked up, introduced himself, and said he was an eagle scout.
We had almost zero time. We got told to get out. So our cover ended up falling over, but I never had time to cover my stuff inside the lean to thingy. So I came back to a swimming pool for a cot.
Yea. I gotta say patch trading really got me to talk to other people that week.
I didn't go in 2013? How was Bechtel? I remember I had a sour taste from 2010 b/c they spent a lot of time advertising Bechtel as the new high adeventure base and home to future Jambos.
I do remember seeing something about that. I honestly cant speak to the quality of the bsa program run out of Mormon churches simply because there were none around. 

Its sad to hear they were doing it a disservice since the two largest donors to boy scouts are the Mormon church and the catholic church. Plus, there were a sizeable number of troops out of Mormon churches iirc.
Shit. What am i supposed to do with E Prep and swimming?
If it was through the BSA, even if you were chartered at a Mormon church, still counts. Once an Eagle, always an Eagle.
Lol. As an eagle scout, I wish you good luck and I hope you choose to pursue the eagle rank. There's nothing to be ashamed of to be a life scout, but when they say eagle opens doors... they're not wrong.
The 2010 one? Yea it was pretty damn amazing. I remember it being stupid hot. I remember patch trading was nuts. I remember no one wanted the Unami, Lodge 1 flap. We put our totem, the turtle, in a helicopter hat and holding a pennant with the lodge number. No WWW and by far the worst lodge flap we've ever created. Honestly was embarassed as the founding lodge for how stupid the flap was. 

I also remember someone's dad in my jambo troop was on staff and got to talk to mike Rowe and actually got mike Rowe to call our scoutmaster. He left a voicemail for the troop and it was amazing. 

My last memory was the last day. I remember being woken up at like 2 or 3 am and being sent to the food tent. And then sorta slept until 7 am until I went back to pack. My cot was a pool and I ended up throwing just about everything in trash bags.
Also an eagle scout. I don't know anything about tracking, even though I think I earned it, never got wilderness survival or orienteering. 

And at that it could only ever be done at summer camp. Scouts don't do much tracking anymore and it feels like it's drifting away from a strong understanding of the wilderness.
Had a homeowner who was an older lady, but we planted a tree on her property and it died after a year. I remember the multiple conversations my boss had with her trying to explain it wasn't our fault the tree died after a year.
I learned real quick in landscaping, its not what it looks like now, its what it looks like 5/10/15 years from now. 

In my short 1.5 years, I helped re-do 15+ lawns that looked kinda shitty now, but in 10 years is gonna be fucking amazing. The owner would complain. We sometimes had people who realized its designed for later, not now.
Bruh idk what happened with Corbett. I voted against him, but never heard of him getting much done. Maybe I didn't pay attention, but I felt he didn't do much either way.
My RA's weren't awful. On my floor, my RA was awesome and was like, if I don't see it, it didn't happen. But other floors had RA's with sticks up their asses who, rightfully, got me in trouble. 

One case: I walk into the bathroom to shower and RA is brushing his teeth. I'm drunk and he goes, hey you shouldn't have that in here. I get the message, finish it, and say thanks.
Blake not aboutta be scored on first.
Shit don't tell me the audio feed is in front of the video feed now. O god it is lord have mercy.
I have 3 Steel Reserves and a 40 of some cheap malt liquor for either scenario.
Of all places I didn't expect to see Runescape here at all. RS3 pleb here.
Just me, or was there not a legitimate tag applied for the first out of the bottom of the sixth? Catcher touched the batter with the glove, but to me it looked like the ball was in the hand. He's out anyways, but still an odd thing.
Slayed. Fucking A+
[You're annoying. Here's the hyperlink to those requirements that you blatantly ignored. ](https://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/abroad/events-and-records/birth.html)
[Here you go. ](https://www.uscis.gov/us-citizenship)
Feels like the same thing in PA. My state's Treasurer said legalized weed would bring in like $200M a year, but Wolf said we're not ready for it and that it didn't look like it would bring in enough to be worth it, I guess. Something like a $3B deficit and they turn down a way to make it $2.8B.
Damn. I had a feeling that would be the case, but I had to hope at least. 

We'll get there on recreational weed, but even our Democratic governor isn't supportive of it. Or at least said he would not sign legislation on it. Not like our state treasurer said legalizing weed could bring in $200 million to the state, per year, but was rebuffed because it was "a drop in the bucket" in regards to balancing the budget. Which isn't balanced not because the state is spending more, but they're collecting less. 

I just wanna smoke a blunt because this state government is just frustrating, but they won't let me give them my money.
How close? Do you have an article? I'm not doubting your claim, I'm just a Pennsylvanian who lives near Delaware, so I'm interested in buying weed legally.
I haven't been to Selhurst Park in London to see them play, but I was able to catch them last summer at PPL for the friendly against the Union, but I sat CPFC supporters, because I doubt I'd have much of a chance otherwise. A lot of travelling fans and it was amazing. Lots of chatter, great banter, lovely accents, and to end the game, bout 40 or 50 people were doing a conga line. Absolute party.
I was streaming it from my laptop onto my TV, but I remember that the way I saw it, I knew it was a straight red.

Or perhaps you meant to reply to the person above me?
That's good to hear. Glad to see Nogs get a promotion with his club, but also

Nogs :////
Wijnaldum looked pretty good.

Herbers went out in the 25th minute or so with what was reported as a groin injury.

Edit: what was, not was was.
It really is. On the other side of the pond, I support Crystal Palace, so I don't know what it's like to win many games in a row. I'm used to going into a weekend expecting an L and sometimes not getting it.
I do remember that. Re-reading what I said, it definitely seems like it was a question, but that wasn't my intention. Thanks for the reminder though, gonna go read up on him.
Okay cool. I'm not going crazy. Because I read it and make the 'nya', but only ever hear 'dune-ya', but don't know enough about it to know how it should be pronounced. 

Thanks for the info, its really neat.
Is drunk the emotion I feel after 4 game win streaks? Not sure how to deal with it.
I do too. I feel the game could do without the 45 seconds of the ref sorting through the crowd of players around him.

And yea, kinda like how an umpire will let managers scream in their face, but as soon as they argue balls and strikes...
I don't like to criticize refs over specific calls or series of calls, but he wasn't consistent. Some shit was a foul for one team sometimes, other times not. Sometimes its a yellow, sometimes its not. 

Like, I just want a ref to give a yellow for a yellow worthy slide tackle in the 1st min as much as the 90th min. 

Like there was shit the Union were called for, but I would see the Rapids do 5 mins later with no call. Then I'd see shit the Rapids were called for, but 5 minutes later the Union aren't called for basically the same incident. 

He spent too much time talking to them in first half thinking that would fix it, then realized in the second half that they'll only listen when he gets mean.
If it makes you feel better, I hate that ref more than I hate you guys. I just hate the PRO refs and think they fuck over games more than they properly ref them. Like I'm happy with the win, but I wonder how the game would be different with better refs.
Wasn't Casey's last game with the Union, but I remember his straight red in the first half of the USOC matchup with the NYRB.
I think my issue is the n in his name and not having seen it written many times. The way I hear it sometimes, it sounds like I hear ma-do-nya-nin and not ma-dune-ya-nin. 

Where is the name Medunjanin from?


Fair enough. I think you kinda really hit the point that I was primarily angry about, which was the respect of the officials. I get mad when people try to make excuses for people who don't respect the officials. 

I watch a lot of rugby and hockey you never see players running to a ref after a foul or card or penalty to complain because its known the ref will only talk to the captain, or alternates. 

That's a neat insight in that the card was given due Calvert preventing or inhibiting the ref from calling a fair game. 
This team has been so bad for so long I honestly go empty feeling-wise after wins. Like 4 wins in a row? I don't know how to deal with that.
Sucks they gotta wait until they back home amirite?

(I wish we had recreational weed.)
Thank you. I've been racking my brain thinking of a catchy nickname for him due to the way his name sounds. Medoopjanin is fantastic.
Idk, to me it seemed like the ref was interpreting Calvert's actions as an obvious symbolic middle finger by not getting off the ref's pitch during the ref's game, then decides to walk back onto the ref's pitch during the ref's game without the ref's consent. Don't wanna play by the ref's rules on the ref's pitch during the ref's game? Then you don't play.

If he had a modicum of respect for the goddamn official instead of acting like an immature child, maybe he wouldn't have had to be taught a lesson.
DOUBLE DOOP FOR THE GUY WHO'S NAME I DON'T KNOW HOW TO SPELL. MEDU-UNION OR SOMETHING.
Ref and Gatt are manlets relative to Sjoberg.
"A little harsh".


Um, no. It's fucking not. It's this little thing called "the rules". You follow them, otherwise you get punished.

Also, goddamn he's not making himself the center of attention. He carded a guy for breaking the rules, guy broke yellow-card worthy rule, was his second, and was given a red. Casey complained the call, which you technically can't do, and was ejected rightfully by the ref.

Its not stealing attention, its dealing with rulebreakers.

I gotta say tho, for all the missed calls and things that need to be enforced or changed, make the rules stricter. Don't want guys circling the ref? Card 'em if they do. Time waste? Card 'em.
GET HIM OFF THE PITCH. IF HE'S THAT HURT, LET HIM SEEK TREATMENT OFF THE PITCH.

GOOD FUCK YOU CALVERT YOU EARNED IT.
DOOOOOOOOOOP
Biggest thing that still irks me about soccer is being able to impede a guy without playing the ball as long as you don't foul him. 

Any other time you do anything to the guy, its a foul, but interfering is cool. Just don't get it.
Do you think Zac MacMath has a beard now because maybe if his is someday better than Tim's he'd get the starting job back?
What a great buddy pass.
Fafa goddamn.
Conor Casey. He was fun.
Passing has been rough. Most of the Union's passes I saw going onto the attack would either be in the feet of or behind the advancing player. Hard to move forward when you gotta keep stopping to get a pass.
Yo that Union halftime guy failed geography. He said Colorado was narrow, but last I checked Colorado was pretty square.
I-will-sinho.
Mmmmmmm, I feed on hate.
So a throw in, because you can grab a guy's arm and spin him out of bounds so he can't play the ball? Fuck PRO with a rake.
Ay nice chance.
Because I had other stuff to do and your team's jerseys are super ugly.
How many hurryups have to be given before the Rapids get a yellow for time wasting? Ref talked to Howard and the assistant motioned for that other guy to hurry up. 
What the fuck. He got pushed over from behind and no call?
Ref the point of fouls and cards is to punish the players for breaking the rules. Just chattin with em ain't gonna do shit.
Bruh. I saw that grab of the jersey. Where's the call?
Marisa Pilla is gonna make me watch the pregame. She's hella pretty and really knows what she's talking about.
Goddamn. We fucking won and you gotta make me sad we've never posted 4 shutouts in a row before. Like let me bask in the win.
Andrew "Dribbled Out of Bounds" Wenger
I must be dreaming.
Just amazed we're winning. Was out and just got home to watch it. 
Will be back before the next scheduled home game? If so, I'll condone it, but if they lose I still blame it on you. But mostly, just don't. Tell them you're sick, or your dog is dying. Think about the team. 
It's not to say you guys don't care about Pontius, but I don't think Pontius means the same thing to DC as Le Toux means to the Union. 

Glad to hear you applauded. My biggest gripe with Pontius before his time with the Union was that he didn't play for the Union. I do too.

I hope you can feel a little of the magic that is Seba. He's a treasure to Union fans.
Sustained quality. Having back to back wins feels nice and relieves the anger about the losing streak, but we still had that losing streak. 

If this team can consistently pick up points, convert the chances, and look strong for 90 minutes, I'll believe it. Also, making an identity. This whole organization doesn't have an identity. 

I also want to see Earnie get players who fit our system, not get players and force them into our system. If we need a CDM, I don't want a guy who's played in systems where he's a CAM/second striker and force him into the CDM role. 

Sorry for the whole diatribe, but basically I want this organization to form an identity, stick with it, build around it, and be successful about it. 7 years and 2 playoff appearances. We're not new and we still don't know who we are.
Wow that ended up being a lot more threatening of a chance than I expected. Didn't seem like it was gonna hit the bar.
How are these teams? Can't say I know much about either or know how they're doing.

THAT TIFO.
Just give it 5 years. They'll find some reason to strip us of the win. The fear never ends.
I don't know how to feel. Like we won, awesome. Twice in a row, twice awesome. But like, why don't I feel happy? Like it doesn't feel real.
Yea I was wondering that. Wasn't sure if GD puts us in 10th and Montreal in 11th, or puts us both in 10th, but we get to sit on them since our GD is better.
You're not allowed to leave the state. Ever.
Same. 2 game winning streak doesn't change that.
Ah good, I needed a reason to sad drink.
We're not only tied for last, but we have a positive goal differential now.
God I love that my former university sponsors the team I support.
Looking at the sidebar, we're gonna from last place in the east, to tied for last place in the east with that team we tied in a hella shitty way.

Improvement?
I STILL DON'T FEEL SAFE. WE'RE STILL GONNA LOSE SOMEHOW. 
I agree with /u/drewuke. In a vacuum, what he did was an obvious yellow. He happened to do that after being tackled with no call (and he wanted one) and the first thing he did after getting up was making that tackle, all a few feet from the ref. A solid yellow + retaliation + proximity = red. For the ref at least.
I want it too, but we can't. It's also mostly as a reminder that these past two weeks are visual bandaids on a cracked foundation.
I an feel with this. I'm also a Crystal Palace fan and relegation thoughts are scary. Like I get sad watching the Union, but genuinely fearful watching CPFC.
Reminder we're still not good.
This is super late, but I love the way the that the Union's Brazilian players say Brazil.
Yea, we would.
DAMN FAFA. ALSO LIKE I'M P SURE WE'RE STILL SHIT EVEN IF WE MANAGE TO WIN 3-0 IN BACK TO BACK WEEKS.

O RITE. DOOP. DOOP. DOOP.
Seeing Le Toux out there made me think if DC United fans saw Chris Pontius the same way. Figured they probs don't.

But I still remember Pontius making a dirty ass tackle near midfield for a yellow against the Union. Still angry about that.
Only the Union would lose this game up a man, up by 2 goals, with 17 minutes left. Who would cause it? Seba Le Toux.
Honestly, a lot less annoyed seeing these guys take shots and chances and miss now that they can score sometimes against some teams on occasion maybe.
No lead feels safe anymore. In a magical world where this team can score 5 goals, I still wouldn't feel safe.
Even tho it benefitted my team, I wouldn't doubt a missed foul because I won't miss a chance to shit on PRO.
HE SAID MONTREAL. WE'RE TOAST.
DOOP
For everyone saying its not a red, don't just look at the tackle, look at the context. Acosta goes down wanting a foul, doesn't get it, and he first thing he does after getting up is make a dangerous tackle? Like it was a pure retaliation, not a football play. 
YO WHAT THE FUCK ACOSTA. THAT'S SOME IMMATURE BULLSHIT. ALSO, BRUH. THEY NEVER SEE THE ORIGINAL CONTACT, ONLY THE RETALIATION.
I kinda like that behind the net camera angle. Gives a neat view within the 18.
Good.
I'd be that sad if I reffed this game too.
That was solid. Hamid got the best of that, but that's a good sight.

Also: jfc Hamid that save was nuts on replay.
Honestly yea. I saw the save and I 100% expected a Union player there in the box to smash it home. 
If you want competence and not extreme frustration, it's not here.
So I wasn't paying atention and I started cheering after the Hamid save, thinking the Union were at home and in the dark kits and about to score. I was confused for a few seconds as I had to process that that guy wasn't on the Union.
Yea, its his job. It seems weird, but streaming is just his '9 to 5'. 
My original guess was 1k as to not overshoot my estimate. After someone else told me he was banned, I looked it up and the article mentioned he averaged 15k, so no, I did not see 15k and then round to 1k. 
Its like they love to come close year after year and lose. 

I'm a Crystal Palace fan. I know what i signed up for. 
I don't remember when the Bears were the Flyers farm team, but due to proximity there's still a soft spot. 
Impossible. 
Yea I looked up his ban and they mentioned like 15k average streams. I guess I was focused on not overshooting the I didn't realize I was undershooting by a lot. 
Thanks for the clarification. I didn't know he got banned. 
Okay, this guy is Ice Poseidon. He's a streamer on twitch and is most well known for his Old School Runescape streams and being an all around memer. Ever since twitch expanded what people can stream (used to just be video games) he has started streaming all over the place in his day to day life. 

Now, the twitch community likes memes. As do Runescape players, so he probably showed the phone number of the place, unintentionally, and his viewers called the place. I'm not sure his exact numbers, but his streams regularly hit 1k+ viewers, so there's gonna be people who are gonna call because its fun to fuck with Ice Poseidon because he can usually take it pretty well. 
I switch to the Ajax/Lyon game and the Celta/ManU game explodes. Tf just happened.
"Supporter of the concept of Manchester United." Okay Lalas, you're done.
Fair enough. Looking back at how I phrased the question, not quite sure what else I should have expected.
What I wanna know is where/how Dan got that Phantoms hat. Like where does a south Florida sports reporter get a hat from a minor league hockey team from the northeast?
y tho
HOLY FUCK.
Makes me wonder if Spanish people have r rolling competitions.
So you're trying to tell me you meme'd on me in another language?
revolutionizing how I watch soccer in Spanish.

Also, isn't that a Banana company?
Buying that midfield camera guy seat.
At least you can translate. Idk how many games I've watched and I pick up the word pelota and that's about it.
Helpful cheatsheet for you non-Spanish speakers watching on Univision:

1. Rapido = fast

2. pelota = ball

3. GOOOOOOOOOOOOL = goal

4. Chiquita = small via /u/IsaiTheDude who got me to believe it meant pitch.

5. Peligroso = dangerous via /u/Tehrainy1

Edit: added 4 and 5. My spanish soccer vocab has almost doubled.
For reference, 8 minutes is about 18% of a half. 
8 minutes of stoppage time LOOOOOOLLLLL
Bobby Shuttleworth is a walking target ad.
Hmmmm, when I have seen a team down 2 score twice in the final 10 minutes to equalize...
Never realized after the 2nd shot to Sterling's face, the trainer says, "you'll be fine" as he walks up to him.
Ball boy be like dw I got the throw
Waiting for the day when soccer finally gives the respect to the refs like rugby does. Gettin real sick of a foul call, then seeing 8 guys rush over to yell at the ref. If they have an armband, they can talk, if not, they can fuck off.
THE MAN. THE MYTH. THE LEGEND. 
I'd get one if I could honestly. Like it's only awful because it was the 90s. Squiggles on the uni tho? Never seen anything like it.
O wow. Didn't expect this. 

Also, I nominate the Kansas City Wizard's 1998-99 home kits for one of the worst ever.
SMH. Ref shoulda let em play with two. 
So it goes.
Maybe so. Can't say I've looked at the sheet music to see how the creator intended it, but I know there's nothing preventing people from speeding up or slowing down while playing it.
That felt like a sprint through the national anthem.
I did not know that faceoff violation was a penalty.
No I agree 100%. I expected nothing, but we got a point. They played horribly and it wasn't a performance I hope to ever see again.
It says that even though we're shit, they played down to our level tonight. Which is the best thing that can happen because that means we could win.
I mean, I can't complain about a point. For as bad as we are, I don't expect anything for away games, so the point for the draw is nice. Team still looked like shit and there's a huge problem. Something needs to change soon because whatever is happening right now isn't working.
They're gonna face that. It won't matter much to them. They're gonna feel like they shouldn't be there in the first place due to them not being a traditional hockey nation. This is a chance for the South Korean nation to watch their squads play some of the worlds best. 
I've seen how big basketball got in Asia. Not sure why the NHL isn't pushing the game in any country or region that can support via money or natural setting, the game of ice hockey. 
Hey Locks! But I agree. Worlds matter, maybe not in the United States or Canada, but this is the chance for nations to grow the game. Those guys know no Korean team has ever done this. While they're celebrating the win, they're really celebrating the growth and strength of the game there. 
Holy shit. Great for the sport. No matter how they do, it'll be huge for the sport. Awesome to see the sport thriving and getting better in not your stereotypical hockey nations. 
Don't like to agree with Pens fans, but I agree. Reckless and knee to knee is a major, but the intent is hard. First time through I can see major penalty, but I don't set him moving his leg to make the knee to knee seem intentional. 

I feel like that due to the recklessness and danger of kneeing, there should be a provision in the rules that a kneeing call comes with intent. Because as hard as it is to tell, how often is kneeing called? Its a rare call, so I feel like there's intent. 
NOT GONNA LIE A FEW WEEKS AGO I WAS SUPER EXCITED THAT I'D GET OFFSEASON SHITPOSTS. IT WASN'T UNTIL I WENT TO WAWA AND THE CASHIER MADE CONVERSATION ABOUT THE NHL PLAYOFFS DUE TO MY FLYERS SHIRT. 

I LITERALLY MANAGED TO BLOCK OUT HOCKEY'S EXISTENCE. 

BUT THE HAWKS LOST. NOW I NEED DEAD RANGERS AND PENGUINS AND I CAN WATCH WITHOUT HATE. 
I hear that and all I think is the time we scored 8 goals against you guys and lost because you guys scored 9.


Edit: Herp, 2004 Eastern Conference Finals. I was at Game 6.
I don't really follow either team, but I'm glad to see Scott Darling is a wanted commodity. His story is incredible and I'm happy he's found success at the highest level of play in the world. Sucks for the Hawks, great for the Canes, and wonderful for Scott Darling. 
I didn't even have the thread opened, but I opened it just to say he destroyed that ball.
Moderately well is what we're looking for. You're hired too. 
That's really incredible. Like actually insane. Might have to give a shot to FM.
I've only ever played FIFA on console with Man City, but I love the 3-4-1-2 since I ran it with them.
I can't give you a dumpster fire, but I found a 25x25 px image of a man with a paper bag on his head. I hope that can become a flair.
Holy shit. Tagged as "Should be the Union Manager".
Which one? Back to back years of hosting the final and losing.
What's a hexagon challenge and okay you're hired.
Eh, Bethlehem is like a 2 hour drive for me, but if they have half decent football, I'll make the drive.
Okay, so I'm a narcoleptic who forgot his meds this afternoon. I fell asleep on the couch with the Union up 2-0. I wake up and the game was over. I just wish I didn't check.

Also, I'd like a paper bag flair, a days winless counter, and more alcohol.

Edit: [Here's the paper bag guy](http://spoiledmaltese.com/forum/images/smilies/brownbag.gif)
FUCKING DOOOOOOOOP
Right there with you. I love watching the Friday night college hockey games.
Savage.
I have Verizon and haven't had a single issue watching it on ABC.
This team looking good.
Steel Reserve
Not spending my Saturday afternoon standing in the rain to watch a bad soccer team.
ROLAND DOOPBERG.
I watch it sometimes and I have little idea what's happening, but he's mesmerizing. 
This. I don't know the snooker world much, but my roommate was into it and showed me Ronnie. Unreal that guy. 
Exactly. Something like that. Just every other boss in the game you more or less get right to the fight. 
Well yes, I do concede its like that. I'd think that the boss timer is tied to enter the boss room/instance. In this case, the timer for qbd specifically, would have to be altered. As far as coding is concerned, moving the qbd timer would break the uniformity. 

Don't get me wrong it bothers me too and I wish it could be moved, but I'd suggest that after x number of kills, the opening animation can be toggled off. Instead of keeping it for every fight and having 18 seconds of dead time. 
I agree and even with the pinned thread, later submissions won't get as many views. As much as its clogging the front page, think of it as the community voting on their favorite pets as they're published. 

Because I certainly won't check a 2 week old stickied thread to see if there's new stuff.

Edit: at the very least maybe the sub could create a temporary tag for pet idea artwork, that way if you don't want to see it it could be filtered. 
Its not needed. Just subtract 17/18 seconds from the time to see how long they were actually in combat. Its not a big deal because everyone has that delay. 
Yea I agree with this. People will kill the best one they can or the one they need a unique for, but keeps every stryke task from being lavas for high levelled players. 

I think it increases the versatility of those creatures too because people could kill them with more purpose than completing the task. 
TIL. Thanks for that. Didn't even know it existed. 
Just imagine, walking into a corner store or something and buying a pack of spliffs like you would regular cigs. 
The fact the stadium is in Chester is run of the mill for MLS. Most teams play outside the major city in a suburb close to the city. 

Its not unique to the Union that the team doesn't play in Philadelphia proper. 

I do agree with your other points that its hard to get average people to care about soccer and that Chester certainly doesn't help. 
That's cool to see. Haven't had a chance to get out to see the Aston Rebels, but if they have this kinda talent, I'd check it out. 
I don't mind if we lose more than we win. I've been enjoying watching this team this season. If we don't have winning baseball, fun baseball is just fine. 
Boy what I'd give for a land pirate issue over what we have now. 
They literally recommend to disable JAG because it really doesn't protect you. As far as account protection, its been decided that account security questions don't necessarily make your account more secure. Whereas 2FA, needing a second paired device, provides true security. I would have to have both my laptop and phone stolen to break 2FA. Even then, a thief would need both my laptop password and the pattern for my phone access. 

That's a lot more secure than my mother's maiden name, the street I grew up on, and my middle name. 
I'm a former landacaper. I took pride in my work and I'd want want to ask whoever did that why they did it. 

I'd also want compensation for destroying the saplings. 
Rule 9
JAG is no longer supported by Jagex and they recommend using 2 Factor Authentification (2FA) to secure your account. 
Fair enough. 
I die inside a little more every time. 
Naa. 
Is there a postgame thread or?
Yup
Implying we win. Iamokaywiththis
Shoulda showed them more. That way the tape guys can throw in half second glimpses of the sad fans during the film sessions. 
ESPN, thanks for the gymnastics. I'm a little less sad now.
They look like they don't want me to care.
Yea. How long since our last win? That shouldn't be a happy locker room. That locker room should be angry, emotional, ready to fight. I want them to do something about it. Looks like they're waiting for the hand of god.
Or or or, send that case to me.
BARELY ANYTHING LEFT OF THE SoB AND THE BOOS WERE THE LOUDEST THING I HEARD FROM EM ALL NIGHT. WITH GOOD REASON.
Maybe. This club needs something.
FUCKING NO. FUCKING NO. FUCKING NO. FUCKING NO. FUCKING NO. FUCKING NO. FUCKING NO.
Good. I'm glad it fucking hurts. Instead of being bitches about the boos, grow up and face it. Step the fuck up. Run harder to run away from the boos. Anything. Not gonna cheer you for playing like shit. 
Andre Blake doing what he can. I appreciate his effort.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Exactly. That's what it feels like anymore in Philly. These fans care. A lot. We want the club to care. There are some guys on this squad who put in efforts I like to see, but I don't care. Put the academy guys out there. Put the fans out there. Put out a fucking passionate team.
It's why I've started watching the Phillies again. They're god awful, but they're playing with heart. Last year they didn't. I know you know what I mean when I say I want heart and passion. If they want me going to games, screaming for 90 minutes, and buying their merchandise, the least they can do for me is put out 11 guys who wanna fight every inch of the pitch for 90 minutes.
I hope. I frankly don't care if we lose every game because our players are worse. I want them to show me their heart, their passion, their dedication. That's what makes a Philly team. If this current team looked like they gave 2x the shits they give now, I could enjoy the passion. 

Most of these guys just look like they wanna go home. Makes me wanna go home too.
No. We're frustrated. Honestly, I've yet to see a Union squad that feels Philly. I don't always see the fight. I don't always see the heart. I don't always see the passion. Why the fuck do I care if my team seems to not? I know they're not gonna always win, but I want them to try.
I can't afford to go to all the games, but I go to the USOC games and scream my heart out, but it does drag. It's frustrating going hoarse and expending all this energy and passion for a team that constantly feels like they're not trying hard enough.
Exactly.
Yea announcer, it's been frustrating to be a Union fan. The teams improve a little bit year by year it seems, but it feels like we make no progress. This is a fanbase I believe has become frustrated. I know Philly is cut-throat about sports, but for the Union we'd like to see mild success. A few winning seasons, hope, some unexpected playoff runs, passion, and always more grittiness.
Yea, but look at all other American sports where teams buy the rights to a player. American clubs want it because it's an American thing.

Edit: also, the American system is different with college eligibility and all that. 
FUCKING FUCK
If they can quantify how much it cost to train a player who signs for a huge Euro club on his 18th birthday, I'd want to recover something. If he's been in the club's academy for years, shouldn't a club technically own his rights?
Yea it does look pretty good. I'm happy to see that.
For what it's been, I call that an improvement.
BECAUSE I BELIEVE THIS IS IMPORTANT AND YELLING ON THE INTERNET GETS PEOPLE'S ATTENTION. ALSO, I'M A PHILLY FAN. 
STOP. PASSING. IT. TO. THEM. INSIDE. THE. FUCKING. 18. YOU. SHITHEADS.
YELLOW AS FUCK HOLY SHIT. HE COULD'VE AT LEAST TRIED TO MAKE IT NOT BLATANT.
Live I thought he dove. Replay looked like a foul. Villa's still a bitch.
Bedoya, that's some extra level hustle to prevent the goal kick. I like.
Agree. Seeing it live it looked like it smashed off his elbow, which wasn't up on his body. I'm glad it was missed, but it shouldn't have been missed.
WOW NICE SHOT BLOCK, WHICH WAS KINDA IFFY AND YO BLAKE STEP UP BIG TIME BOY FUCKING FUCK YEA
Well we're not losing. That's good. My family decided on Pepperoni from a place that does a decent thin crust pizza. What about you?
Steel Reserve. I guess its kinda a poor man's beer. But it does the job. 
Wooooooooo. In the car picking up pizza. I hope we're not losing by the time I get home. 
/u/trollabot ExtraCrunchyChairs
Yea I'd agree that the 2008 series was pretty lackluster and that as far as entertainment, 2009 was better than 2008.
I remember one of the local news stations did a piece on this and it was amazing to see. I have an anxiety disorder that at times is utterly crippling. I couldn't imagine what its like to have an anxiety disorder and have to perform your job in front of 70k people and who knows how many watching on TV. 

I'm glad he spoke up. I'm glad he got help. I'd love to see him speak about it more because he could really have an impact on mental health and its perception. Anyone can be impacted. 
With an obvious bias, I'm going to say 2008. I was 13 at the time and was the first time, and so far only, time I've seen a Philadelphia sports team win a title. The feelings I had when they won have never been matched and I'm so grateful I got to see it. 
Damn. She seems like she played, or at the very least has thrown a bunch of ceremonial first pitches. She even threw from a windup. I played up until 10th grade and only ever threw from the stretch. 
Thank you. This is exactly the kind of response I was looking for. The article didn't explain the pros/cons of the change. That gives me a much better understanding of why and how the change was made. 
Came here to say this. Beautiful park in a great location. 
So what does that mean for Pennsylvanian's going forward? From what I gather, he's thinking that because it's hard to outperform the market, the money shouldn't be actively managed to save costs. 

What does that mean though? As far as savings from paying groups to manage the money and the difference in money made/lost from active versus passive investing. 
That doesn't make sense. If it's selected you should be gaining XP unless you've reached 200m. Also, you have to have a skill selected to reward experience, so they can't all be not selected. 

What are you killing that's not giving XP? 
Go into combat settings and make sure you've toggled the ability to gain attack XP. 
World Gate: 6a circuit

Darkmeyer: Drakan's Medallion

Ape Atoll: Daero to Crash Island to atoll; the spell 'teleport to ape atoll' requiring 64 magic; fairy ring with ninja greegree

We already have teleports for these things making putting them on the cape redundant. I agree with the other person in saying I doubt the perks will be revisited or revamped any time soon. Besides, the extra time for Tears of Guthix is enough of a perk in itself. 
Got a bit of the orange dot and a little bit more going on around (100, 960) right next to green corner.

I agree. He wasn't terribly talented, but he played with a lot of heart and was a great guy. I wouldn't be surprised if he comes back at some point. 
Still have a Flyers jersey with his name on it and also I'm still pretty sure the best numbers Scott Hartnell has ever put up. 
As a Flyers fan in 2010, fuck.
Fair. Honestly, I only ever played as high as Pennsylvania HS hockey. While I'd say I'm familiar with many different even strength, PP, and PK formats, as well as being a Flyers fan and hating the Pens, I'm not trying to assert my authority. 

Also, I'm actually extremely interested on your reasoning for an aggressive box being viable at high levels with good flow. I love me some hockey theory and love learning different systems. 

Yea that's the difference, I came from a HS team where we played a modified umbrella in that instead of two players in a row in the slot, we had them positioned that one was in front of the net and the other was on the far post. Plus we ran a semi-aggressive diamond. 

But overall, I did enjoy your video. I'd like to see more in the moment comparison of PP v PK. Personally, by the time you started talking about the Pens kill, I had mostly forgotten what you had said about the Flyers PP. I guess presenting the game in its more natural form, the give/take. 

Despite my few disagreements, overall I really like your arguements and assessment of the plays at hand. As a beginner this would be very helpful, minus the lack of side by side comparison since it always exists as PP/PK. I'm looking forward to more stuff, hopefully more advanced, since I've stopped playing but love the game. 
I thought it was pretty good. That whole sequence was fairly transient though, so there was not really a great opportunity to show how the umbrella works successfully. Additionnally, Pittsburgh didn't really show much discipline on the PK. You said they used a tight box, but I also saw normal box, and the traditional counter to the umbrella, the diamond. 

You twice said you didn't know how Pittsburgh got that wrap around attempt SH. During that play, the Pittsburgh players trapped the puck up in a dead zone along the side boards and took a calculated risk in sending two men to fight. Notice the scrum is near the dots, but the Philly d man is is on the blue line. Puck pops out towards the blue line, Philly d man pinches because he's on the PP, but in reality should have released the zone. Now, the main goal for any player on a PK with puck possession and not in the defensive zone is to waste time. He makes the smart play by continuing to carry through the neutral zone and stops himself into the corner. What you don't see, but what i would suspect, is the line change he provided. Philly sends 2 men into the corner, but the Pittsburgh player, still in possession of the puck, sends it to where Philly players are not. He wraps it around the boards, where the 2nd PK line can come in for support. Now its a race to the front of the net, which Philly loses because both defensemen were not moving their feet. In all honesty, that 2nd Pittsburgh player should have probably held it, but I cant blame them for making the attempt. 

There are several times when you mark people as being an 'option' when they aren't. In the first offensive rush, with Giroux at almost the red line, you mark the the one guy who is at a dead stop. He is not an option because he's not moving and in less than half a second will be behind the puck carrier. 

The Pittsburgh player you called out of position, which was correct, was not due to mind games or anything, but simply to apply pressure to the puck carrier while removing options. Him being behind the puck carrier prevents the drop pass, that open lane is covered by the other Pen up top, for the lower guys on the PK, the nearer man is responsible for the puck carrier, while the far guy is responsible for the man streaking down the middle. 

You noted that Pittsburgh's PK seemed aggressive when the puck was tied up in the corner boards and also incorrectly deemed it a box, that just happened to be their position, not the intent. You have to account that the reason why the Pens have 3 men below the goal line is that the Flyers have 3 men below the goal line. 2 Pens engaged on 3 Flyers, with 1 Pen in front of the net in case the puck is freed up the wall or makes its way to the point, at which time there is no traffic. The other Pen not engaged is there in case the puck comes along the end boards and can bring it to the other side of the net for an easy clear. 

Its almost better to explain PP/PK at the same time, rather than separately. Would give less experienced players better understanding of why players do x when another does y.

Edit: I'm not trying to trash what you're doing because its not easy to sit there and draw/talk over game tape. From an experienced player's standpoint, I felt as if this sequence is a lot more advanced due to the fact that neither side really sets up. I do applaud you for talking about how breakouts and neutral zone transitions for a PP, which are often overlooked. 
How else am I supposed get 16k flax in my bank, but to pick it up and store it as a constant reminder of my shit rng? 
So you're elite if you've never cracked the top 10 in goals, assists, points, or +/- for a season in your career? But, he did lead the Flyers in penalty minutes last season. Wayne Simmonds is an above average player, even well above average. Don't get me wrong, but he doesn't have the stats to back up calling him elite. 

As of this season, Wayne Simmonds has 29 goals, 3 goals behind Patrick Kane at 10th in the league. He has 19 assists, 25 assists behind Duncan Keith at 10th in the league. He has 48 points, 20 points behind Tyler Seguin at 10th. Not only that, he's an abysmal -21, but he gets a lot of ice time and the Flyers haven't been doing well. 

He's had 1 all-star selection and hasn't played for Team Canada since the 2013 Worlds. He has no domestic or international pedigree to warrant calling him elite. All he has is a WJC Gold from 2008.
Wayne Simmonds is not elite. He's slightly above average. Averages about half a point per game over his career. Go look at the likes of Gretzky, Lemieux, Ovechkin, Crosby, Kane, and/or Messier and tell me that Wayne is in that group. Because when you say elite, realize those are names you need to compare to. He's had 110 points combined the past two seasons, which is within the ballpark of the yearly points leader. 

Wayne Simmonds just works hard. 
I like what Earnie has to say. He understands how Philly and the surrounding areas like their teams. I appreciate a hard working team. I appreciate hard working superstars. I appreciate hardworking guys fighting for a roster spot. 

>They also carefully select who the signings are. According to Stweart, â€œEvery player that we sign needs to have that Philadelphia Union heart.â€ This means that they have a blue collar mentality in order to do what is necessary to help the team win even if it may mean that theyâ€™ll play out of position to accomplish it. Itâ€™s a sign of the club taking after the people of Philadelphia, adopting the grindstone mentality.

I love hearing this. I understand the other the double edged sword it is, but I like the grit. I like knowing the players are as passionate as the fans. 
Blue collar doesn't always mean not nice. It means gritty. Its a "work your ass off because you have to" mentality. Most of the other Philly teams have established a blue collar identity. The appreciation of the guy who works hard, but the stats don't necessarily reflect it. Look at chooch, Wayne simmonds, Scott Hartnell. None of them "elite", but all beloved for the work ethic. 

Personally, I want blue collar football in Philadelphia. We can be less talented, have less money, but fuck anyone who thinks we don't fight day in and day out. I think the Union can bring about a brand of hard nosed, gritty, but still entertaining football. 

Not only that, but just remember the passion of the city. I usually only go to USOC matches, but I stand in the supporters section and I pour my heart and soul in the club, so the least I could see is heart. 
Thanks for that. Don't know how I didn't know there was a documentary on Netflix. 
I'd like to say I do other things, but I'd be lying if I said after I browsed all the memes I go looking for more memes. 
The top. If you just focus on the top circle, its like a boob. 
Most of the games I've personally attended have been USOC games, but the atmosphere is great. Attendance could be a lot better, but we're still the same rabid Philly fans. And personally, I think that's why you see sellouts in so many other places, but not Philly. Its not just the drive into Chester, its competing with the Flyers, Sixers, Eagles, and Phillies. Like I went to back to back USOC finals and honestly wouldn't be comfortable even saying the stadiums were half full. 
Please don't use the actual name of he-who-must-not-be-named.
Every save Blake makes I wonder more and more how the Union managed to get him.
I guess. Looking at it again, I feel like its sah-PONG. I also always wanna pronounce Warren's last name like cre-AH-vill and my head says that can't be right.
Glorious. Many thanks. I can pronounce my way through NHL rosters no problem, but this is a struggle.
"I don't see any excuses about getting a yellow cahrd for that."
Q: Is it Pon-ti-us or Ponch-us?

E: Ponch-e-us to Ponch-us.

E2: ty /u/Dean_Moriarty, /u/--smokeandmirrors--, and /u/LocksTheFox. I've heard it a few different ways and wondered which was correct.

E3: ty also to /u/jpoRS for the video, /u/WJMorris3 for the graphic, and /u/bear_antlers for the meme.
I'm intrigued by this 24/7 solar power concept...
My favorite memory is from a family vacation the summer after the Flyers came back from 3-0 down against the Bruins. Went to TD Gardens and bought probably 10 or 15 pucks from the Flyers/Bruins series simply because they were like a dollar and a regular hockey puck is $3-4.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA Widener. I used to go there.
I don't like the Caps, whether they be of the Canadian or American varieties.
Yea I gotta give it up for that. We've had some solid hockey guys for both TV and radio.

P.S: I miss Harry. :(
I'm right there. Got a lot done in that first half.
ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD.
Yea, the supporter's end is known as the 'River End' and is probably no more than a quarter mile to the Delaware River. With the exit on the bridge, you'd barely drive through Chester. Not a lot of crime by the riverfront because its more industrial/commercial.

And actually, if they ever show an angle where you see the river and can see land on the other side, that's New Jersey.
The city itself is pretty shitty, but the Chester Waterfront isn't that bad.
What you doin that you doin homework at 30?
I don't know what you're talking about. To me, as of 20 seconds ago courtesy Google, Locksy is a Korean kitchenware company.
Rais M'Bholi shade?
Holy shit. 14-21-1 is honestly pretty damn good if you had a period of time with the top two lines out. Like holy shit. What.

Damn. Well that's why records can lie. It seems like RIT is better than their record suggests and Niagra is as bad, if not worse, than their record suggests. 
Okay yea Niagra is bad, but even if RIT is 2x defending champ, they went 14-21-1, so its not like they were they were doing well.

Regardless, stuff like that happens. I played in HS and in the inter-county knockout tournament the lowest seeded team, with a losing record, took the highest seeded team, with 2/3 losses, to OT.
Thanks. I actually just figured that out myself.
Shot in the dark, but has anyone else successfully synced the union schedule to their google calendar from the union's website? 

I've tried it and went to my calendar, but didn't see any sign of it.

Edit: Nevermind. Added it through browsing interesting calendars.
That too. 
As an American, I feel the need to tell you that I'm an American. 
[This engineer agrees.](https://www.reddit.com/r/techsupportgore/comments/5wf68o/_/de9rb5r?context=1000)
As a lot of other people have posted, which I clicked and knew it was Pards dancing b/c I can't get enough of that. Idk tho, I picked them kinda just based on the name and I liked their history. Kinda always been underdogs, gritty, and hardworking, but with a passionate fan base. As a Philadelphia fan, I felt most connected to CPFC by the similarities of the fans and history. 
As an American CPFC fan, this describes our season. 
This. Piggybacking, but just so everyone knows, IP addresses can only go up to 255, hence why you can't have an IP address with 259 in it. 
I actually looked it up, double parking does refer to the situation where cars are parallel parked two deep. It also says it can refer to parking in multiple spaces, but says the more appropriate term is multi-space parking. 
Always the worst way to make the news. I still remember seeing it on the national news. The helicopter image of it. I was 12 at the time, but my god it was awful. 
Not exactly. It's going on 10 years since the incident. The followup investigations point to a bad gusset plate. Not only that, for such a heavily used bridge, it constantly rated poorly by the USDoT National Bridge Inventory database. I'm not saying people deserved to die that day because they didn't. What I'm saying is that people knew the bridge had issues and was at possibility of collapse, but sorta sat on their hands about it. 
Worst part reading about it was the fact it was completely avoidable. I couldn't begin to imagine what it was like being from there and hearing that happen. 
Yea that shit was awful. I'm from PA, but in my engineering class in high school we read about it and the causes.
The I-35 Bridge collapse. 
Thank you. 
O shit. I meant to reply to a comment on my comment and being on my phone, I guess I hit reply to thread instead of replying to the comment. 
So you'd have 1 id for the empty pouch w/o runes. There's 21 kinds of runes, so if we assume that you can't put the same rune in the pouch twice, you'd have 21 id's for pouches with 1 rune. 22 id's so far. For two runes, we have 21 options for the first slot, 20 for the second, for a total of 420 (!!). Total id's is 442 now. If we have three slots available, 21 options for the first, 20 for the second, 19 for the third. For a total of 7,980 combinations. So by my calculation, there would be 8,423 different combinations of runes for the rune pouch.

Edit: edited a sentence b/c it sounded good in my head but not when I read it aloud. 
Wow I'll have to go look that up. I never knew he did and it just gave me the chills. 
Also, if you can put perks on gear I would suggest doing that. 

Don't forget about defensive abilities. Or you Enh Excalibur if you have the seers task done. 

If you feel like you can't regenerate health from SS as fast as its being dealt, don't be afraid to turn to your deflects. Also, use the turm/torm/ang for the respective style. 
It's not exactly a bad aura, but a lot of times it's a last resort when all other useful auras are on cooldown. It's basically that while Vamp aura is nice, there's usually something better. 
As far as gear it's better off to skip the RoW. Also, don't use Vamp as a first line aura, use the brawler aura instead for melee and sharpshooter for Ranged.

I'd look towards herblore next for extremes and Overloads. Also, you didn't mention your summoning level and by the sound of it, that you're not using a familiar at these bosses. 

Also, look at ability bar rotations. Could be some dps issue there. 

As for kree, I find it best to to go to the corner farthest from the altar and the door and sit there. Bring adrenaline or replenishment potions too. Camp the corner to 100% adren, death swiftness w/ ring of vigour switch if possible, the adren/replen pot to 35% adren, 2 basics, then threshold. 
I live in a dry Township. I just have to go outside my township to buy alcohol. Everyone drinks it, but you just can't sell it here. 
If that's the case then it might just be more useful to make a Google Doc or spreadsheet. I knew comments could be expanded, I just didn't know to what extent. 
My dad took me to see Mario play just so I could see one of the best ever skate. Unbelievable player who I can't help but like despite being a Pen. 
RIP Yaroslavl. That was a dark day for hockey. 
Things that still make me mad. 
:(
Expand the number of comments visible on loading in reddit settings. 
Just gonna throw some local schools out there:

Cheyney U
Drexel U
La Salle U
Temple U
St. Joe's U
UPenn
CC of Philadelphia
DCCC
Widener U
Swarthmore U
Bryn Mawr College

Might as group all the Philly-ish schools together. Lemme know some other ones that I've missed b/c I know this isn't complete. 
Ayyyy, DCCC and former Widener student here
That's why he said ctrl+f and search. 
I was apart of an 8-man yaka learner team. We pushed for dps. If you weren't a tank role, no tank armour. We got to the point where the team was using steel Titans at BM. All dps armour for non-tanks.

There's many ways to mitigate damage in dps armour. I'm more of a trial by fire person. I'd rather learn attacking roles in attacking gear and learn to survive in attacking gear. 
Ahhh, that makes sense. Thanks. 
Depending on the app you may be able to edit flair. I use sync for reddit on my galaxy s5 running Android 5.0. 
I downloaded the 2.2.3 client, but when I opened the other NXT client I had already installed, it said it was 2.2.3. Are they the same thing? 
There's more nuance to your statement than you're letting on to. 

Augmented achto is better than t70 if you're tanking things like BM, yaka, N:AoD, etc. 

Unaugmented t70 is better if you're in a non-tank role because of the bonuses. 

There's also a mindset when using tank armour in non-tank roles that your goal is to stay alive, not kill the boss. You get slower kills with the result of added safety from dying. 

If you come in with power armour, you have an attacking mindset that you will kill it before it kills you. 

Overall, DPS doesn't need the benefit of tank armour. DPS needs the benefit of increased damage output, provided by power armour. Tanks don't necessarily need increased DPS, they need to stay alive. 
I'd like this. 
I'm with everyone else saying nex shouldn't be included. I don't see why nex is involved with gwd2. Additionally, from the picture, there's no reward from nex. It's an unnecessary add on. Outside of that I think it's a great idea. A good reward for people who can do it, of which I'm not one, but something like this would motivate me to get better at Telos. 
I hope your luck improves. It's a pain. 
Thanks. I honestly couldn't believe it. I got 3 within 30 kills, then 60 kills dry, then the rest in the last 30-40.
I somehow managed to get all of them inside 130 kills. I got too lucky. 
Foil meals are super nice. Easy to prep, toss it in the fire, take it out and let the foil cool, eat, crumple foil to pack out. Made them quite often while camping with the boy scouts. 
I personally declare my variables at the start. Which is how I've been taught. I'm also still learning and haven't dealt with anything more than like hundred lines or so of code. 

So when dealing with larger programs the stuff I've been taught for small programs could very well easily break down and become ineffective. 
It's really not uncalled for. Yes that's true, but t70, t80, and t90 weapons and armours still have purpose. I don't think we should take lower tier gear and add something to it to make higher level gear. Like we shouldn't add something to a bcp to make it a t80. 

Also, Vorago isn't dead content. It drops the best dual wield magic weapons in the game. Also, it's a lot more than a handful of people that do Vorago. 

We don't need to improve our armours. We can buy or get new ones from the bosses that drop the higher tiered gear. That's how we improve them. 
The 2nd one does look nicer I will admit. The comment kinda reiterates the code or gives a general explanation of the program. I look at the first one and my question is: why did the programmer choose this method instead of the 2nd one? I'd want to see a comment explaining the higher logic. 
Completely forgot the fact most of the original code was done by a select handful of people who could understand it without comments and how difficult it could be to go through now w/o the original author explaining it. 
I would have to disagree because there could be several ways to reach an endpoint efficiently. Additionally, the logic of a program isn't always intuitive. Due to that, reading a program without comments, however simple, can be difficult if you have no insight into the original programmer's logic toward the end goal. 

Also, when I write code, I'd rather set variables using minimal characters and leave a single comment explaining what the variable is. I'd much rather go:

Int v = 0; //v is the variable 

Than have to go:

Int variable = 0; 

And have to write out the word variable every single time I use it. 

Overall, comments are not to explain the code itself, but the logic behind it. 
I don't think we need anymore titles, but I do think the Fletching title is pretty clever. 
It's not necessarily a style of code. Its that the code wasn't designed to handle changes well. The newer code is designed in a logic that will account for possible changes in the future. 

Think of it like a game of Jenga. If you just start pulling blocks out without a plan, it'll fall over fairly quickly. If you have a plan to pull out blocks, it won't fall as easily. 


Yea I figured he was making a joke. I knew it was a joke because when the comment was made he played for the Union. 
Someone else in that thread mentioned Freddy Adu. Without trying to hard to figure out when the thread was made, Adu was playing for the Philadelphia Union at the time. Which is pretty laughable to suggest a 2-3 year old team would have the  next big thing. 
Amazing. I need it. 
Andy Reid School of Clock Management strikes again.
Yea as bad as the ring was I can't complain because it took me 120 something kills for all ripper books. 
Took me about 1.2k kills for the wedding ring, but then again I have a friend who averages a ring like every 130 kills or so. 
Fair enough. 
Crystal Palace losing to West Ham 3-0 and the Flyers losing 5-0. Got shutout this weekend. Damn.
I do too, but even beyond that, some ref, somewhere is gonna make a weak call and everyone knows it.
At least we look better at 50 than 40.
For what?
I understand that and can appreciate that, but from the ref's perspective this game is over for all intents and purposes. Goal is to mitigate dirty play. Calls are gonna favor the losing team a little.
I mean, you're not wrong.
KILL CONFIRMED. HEAD BACK TO BASE. 
Let us have it, you're up 5-0. 
We're dead and they're still trying to kill us.
Idk much about stuff like that, but if they were, could/would they be punished?
Thought Devin Hester was about to do some Devin Hester stuff.
RSN: Blade8137 
I came here for the meme hate. Holy shit that was awful.
I like this idea. I have most of the masks and basically all the masks I plan to use, but I see no harm in letting people obtain it in game. They're nice things to have and by no means are they gamebreaking. 

I once had a base tank forget his chest plate and shield for bm. Also, too many times I've done bm with dragonbane ammo. 
I didn't see the guy with the gun at first, so I thought this was some hockey equivalent of disk golf. 
Someone in a previous clan I was in sold her Santa Hat for a granite maul or something like that when slayer was released. 
That's how I did it. Reaper for hydrix, kiln for onyx, and made them myself. 
I wish I could do this. I have to write it down because I'd forget what my plan for the start was by the time I'd get to the end. 
RSN: Snow Blade

Would most like Santa Hat, but will be happy with anything. 

Merry Christmas! 
Goalies cannot talk to refs unless they are an alternate captain, because a goalie cannot be officially given the 'C'. Only those wearing a 'C' or 'A'  may discuss matters with the referee. 
For starters, what are the specs on the laptop? 

What settings are you running runescape at? 

How is your Internet connection? Do you use a wireless router or ethernet? 

What other programs do you run in the background? 

In case you were not aware, there are apparently some problems with using the NXT client on a Mac computer, so it could very well be from that too. 
So what are we playing for in hopes of causing chaos?
At the very least I'd like to see the code and software used in the machines to be vetted by independent computer science professionals. Paper ballots can be seen and counted, but by not releasing the programming of the machines, how can we be assured that our votes are properly accounted for? 

The lack of transparency is frightening. Not showing us, the citizens, how the machines count is like collecting paper ballots and counting them behind closed doors while they tell us that everything works fine. 
Jagex did release a single player RPG for iOS devices many years ago called Undercroft, but it's not based in the RS world. 
Can the NFL adopt that Little League rule where you can keep challenging plays until you lose? Like if a team gets the 3rd challenge.
Did they just play music? Or something else? I'm 21, so my only experience with cassette tapes was the cassette player in the family minivan. 
I made and fired something like 60k decorated Cooking urns for 99 crafting. As a result of a miscalculation, I still have like 15k left to fire. 
I know. I was referencing the "Eagles Longsnappers" graph displayed during the game in which the three names on the list were Jon Dorenbos, Brent Celek, and ???. 


Our long snapper ???  didn't show up today. Sucks we pay him $$$.
gimme lotto numbers
CLASSIC.
Or that.
Okay. That's what I had in mind with my question. I wasn't sure. Thanks.
Current: 27-22 Redskins

Eagles score a TD: 28-27 Eagles

Eagles don't have a long snapper and go for 2: 29-28 Redskins
Is it still a touchback on a kickoff if the ball goes into the endzone, but exits on the sideline?
Hopefully there could be a system where it isn't allowed.
Honestly, when the play clock hits zero, a buzzer should go off like the shot clock in basketball. No more of that snapping or TOs when the clock is on :00
Fletcher is a big man, but he hustle like a small man.
How can you rule it a catch if you don't know what a catch is? Checkmate refs.
Is that a rule? I guess I've never noticed no one blocking the long snapper.
When you realize you don't need a long snapper, but need to hold tryouts on the sideline every 2nd down.

Also I liked how no one went to block him.
You mention open tryouts and DON'T MENTION VINCE PAPALE. FFS.
Eagles Long Snappers

1. Jon Dorenbos 162

2. Brent Celek    1

3. ???                ?


10/10 Graphic
I had always used questing as a goal of Skilling. I trained a skill because it got me a quest requirement. Seeing higher leveled reqs means I would do what it took. I've maxed, but I would've been okay seeing requirements up to the mid 90s even if I didn't have the level. 
I have developed a strong need for this. 
Is the battery removable? 

If so, do you take the battery out or remove the cord when it's charged? 

Are there any issues with the cord, the cord connector, and/or the laptop connector? 

This sounds more like an issue with your laptop or connections than running the RS client. 
I do like the title but I never did stop to consider that fact and it is a little odd. 
"Of Sal's Realm" would be better. Those would have been so cool.
I think we have a new copypasta. 
I'M ACTUALLY CLOSE TO MAX. I HAVE LESS THAN 800K RC XP TO 99 AND 3.8M THIEVE XP TO 99 AND THAT'S IT. 

MY ISSUE IS I WANT TO START COMP/MQC RIGHT AFTER, BUT I'M POOR ISH AND WANT TO LEARN TO PVM FOR MONEY. 
22 is needed to make the rod-o-matic. "A level 70 tool" means for purposes of disassembly/siphon, it will give the same amount of invention xp as barrows gear and gwd1 gear. 
This would be neat. From my attempts at rax, I struggle the most on p4. That's where most of my kills, or lack thereof, are lost. To be able to just get comfortable with that phase without having to get through the first three phases would make me want to learn it more. 
http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/Purple_flowers

They come from mithril seeds which can be planted by players and can come in many other colors. AFAIK thistle has never been able to be picked, let alone wielded. As others have suggested, it's not the lily of the valley either because that flower is white with a long green stem. 
IIRC if the Abyss Mage were to stop his enchantments the universe would be ripped to shreds. The abyss links a bunch of different places and over time became more unstable, so the abyss mage has dedicated his life to becoming the guy literally holding the universe together. 
I'm almost maxed and at the moment 18m would double my cash stack. 

I fell for an abyss lure and lost 100m or so in gear. I didn't think about what I was doing. Yea he was scummy, but I was stupid. 

You gotta go earn money to buy new gear. 
In RS3 you can choose between EoC and legacy. 

Legacy mode is the combat system that existed between the system in OSRS and EoC. The major difference from OSRS combat is the hitpoints are scaled by 10 to 990 (99 x 10). 



I played high school hockey in PA, but average was around 30 shots a game. Least I've seen is 7-10. Most was around 60.
Since you don't have much money I'd start with buying t70 armours and using royal crossbow and/or chaotic weapons. 

I'd suggest slayer, gwd1, and maybe gwd2. 
Yea. I died at 0% because I had no idea what I was doing or how I should do it. 
I sat back down mid play and for a second I swore the seahawks were playing.
He was supposed to be the biggest thing. Played a year for the Union and is playing in the NASL if I'm not mistaken.
DUDE I THOUGHT HE MISSED
Who do I talk to about getting clock flair?
When I first saw the demon it reminded me of Kronenberg Rick and Morty. 
You say this like people don't go on the Internet to tell lies. 
Well the pact Zaros and Zamorak made during the quest was called a Vindiculum Juris. 
I wanted so much for the 2008 magic to continue into that 2009 series. 
Gruden Grinder(s)
Long 4 = 5
I'm gonna say to the refs what the mexican guy i worked with cutting grass said to me near every morning: "Fuck you puto".
Guy working the stadium sound system is on point with the music choices.
Fedora-witz
Casually barbed wire.
Me too. I got 2 in the span of two days a month ago and have seen none since.
He's whining. Frame it as helping him though. He's hooking you because he doesn't want to keep moving his feet. If you toss his stick, he has to move his feet. 
Yea to verify his claim I have like 2673 or 2674 total level, which is total level for max +1, but no max cape because I have 100 dg, 109 invention, but only 98 woodcut, 95 thieving, and 93 runecrafting. So I won't max until 2684/5 total level.
Delayed response, but thanks for the links. Can't wait to see what you do next!
Falling for an abyss lure. Even said to my friends on Discord that he was trying to lure me. Then boom, lost 100m in gear. 
I need more things like this. 
Oh the screen seizure. Yea I usually have to look away because it makes my head hurt. 
You all did a fantastic job. You struck an awesome balance with this stuff. From when they're released to the rates to obtain them. Fair and worthwhile. 
What's 76k trioing? I've never been big at all into PvP. 
I'm just here for the Ben McAdoo memes at this point.
I would hate working my summer landscaping job to come home to play RS and landscape. 
HAPPENED 3 TIMES TO ME. STILL NOT OVER THEM. 
Jesus he got popped.
This commercial is assuming I'll make enough to build a retirement fund. Triggered.
EVEN THE IDEA OF ANYTHING REMOTELY REASONABLE AND SAFE BEING PRESENTED AT ALL ON MY TELEVISION ON SUNDAY NIGHTS IS UNACCEPTABLE. I NEED UNADULTERED VIOLENCE.
HOW DISGUSTING. SIGN **THEN** DRIVE?! I REMEMBER WHEN IT WAS SIGN **AND** DRIVE.

THIS COUNTRY HAS GONE DOWNHILL. /s
Who's the (former) NFL QB who was from WC East HS? 

Edit: It's WC East HS and it's Matt Schaub.
WHY. JUST WHY DO YOU DO THAT. BENCH HIM DOUG.
Wow didn't expect Julio to drop that.
Headbutting: Ya its cool

Shoving: GTFO of here 
I thought the same thing. I was like why is the QB gonna punt? 
Old school football is what has those guys turning up dead at 50 with severe brain trauma. 
Yo he just got murdered. 
For a second there I swore Wentz was about to run to his own endzone.
Nothing. It's always been this bad.
Lincoln Financial Field: $512M
 
Eagles' Salary: $152M

But they still can't make a decent field ffs.
You have aids. The Falcons' defense is the cause of the aids.
Having a run game is neato.
I have a friend who has an untrimmed invention cape, but has gotten some other 99s, so they're out there. Makes me wonder if untrimmed invention cape, including those with keepsaked, is the rarest cape in game. 
Wiki usually has decent methods of training by typing "(skill) training p2p" in the search bar. 

Searching the RS Forums might turn up a decent guide, but I have no idea about that. 

Honestly if you search the subreddit you could probably find some good answers too. 
Had an arabic roommate at college and he was always using that transliterated text. Like fluent at it. And it reads like absolute gibberish in English. 
And it's not like it's growing everywhere either. 
Yea guy with alt named balde8137. Smh. 
DAMMIT.
Jesus Christ Elliott runs hard.
I'm ready for this. 
2&26? Yea let's go 6 yards over the top. 
Wentz wagon. 
Yea I think I have an expired offense on my account from around that time that I got from saying YouTube. Albeit the chat log provided shows me being an annoying fuck too, so it could've been to shut me up. 
At least I know Tribbet won't play for them then.
Might be calling it a little early, but thank you Tranquillo. It's been a joy to have you. Best of luck.

Thanks for this season Union. It's been frustrating, but we made the playoffs, so I can't be too upset. The future looks bright. 

I'm ready to be faded.
FUCKING FUCKERS OF FUCKVILLE.
WE HAVE HOPE.
CAN. WE. NOT. THANKS.
FUK. 
What do you mean by Toledo'd?
YEA IF WE COULD LIKE NOT DO THAT THANKS. 
I like to pretend Tranquillo Barnetta is Gareth Bale with the man bun.
Wasn't a huge fan back when the team made the playoffs the first time. Have been to all the home games of the 2014 and 2015 USOC runs. It's not a trophy if we win tonight, but this will be a watershed moment if we win tonight.
There's a lot of weird stuff Pennsylvania does. I enjoy where I live, but I'm shielded from the middle of the state. That's why most progressive topics that are signed into law in the northeast happen last in Pennsylvania. 

I mean we're still trying to privatize liquor and let supermarkets and convenience stores(Wawa) sell beer.
"but I'm guessing you don't have access to jstor." 

Check your academic privilege, shitlord. 
Yea I'm right there. I've redesigned my layout quite a few times, but I always start with bottom left chat box, bottom right inventory, and top right mini-map. Then go from there. 
Maybe, but she leaked documents from an ongoing grand jury investigation. Doesn't matter what you might be uncovering, you can't do that.

She was also viewed as crooked for not pursuing charges against certain Philly democrats when there was evidence they had committed crimes.
I'm Pennsylvanian, so I've been hearing about this for awhile. She tried to spin this whole thing as a plot by the "boys club" to get her out of office. She had her law license revoked in September 2015 and didn't resign until August 2016.

What made me hate her was her arrogance that she did nothing wrong and it was all a plot against her because she was a woman. She came off as delusional.
GOD DECIDED NO ONE WINS TONIGHT.
Really thought it was gonna be "I love you"
WHAT AM I EVEN WATCHING I DON'T EVEN KNOW ANYMORE
FG FG FG FG FG FG FG FG FG

TIE TIE TIE TIE TIE TIE TIE
What Donovan McNabb doesn't know about tonight though is there will be a SNF:2OT edition for this evening's game.
What a babe.
The thigh bone is connected to the...Shin bone.
From Matt Asiata's Wikipedia page: "After the Vikings released him in 2011, he went back home to Utah and got a job driving a forklift in a big warehouse."
Yea my school also had a Herr's factory tour too.

The PA Project too. Had to go to some significant location in PA and present about it at the end of the year.
Assuming I'm northern Delco scum. I'm southern Delco scum thanks.
You're looking for /r/trees friendo
I worked in a fridge more or less sorting food into different crates for shipping. I counted things religiously because I'd forget the number I needed to remember. 
I went to the liberty bell on a school trip. In like 4th grade. It's a Delco rite of passage. 
THAT'S IT BOYS. FUCK YEA. THAT'S THE SHIT I NEED TONIGHT.
wtf.
FUCK. C'MON BOYS. GET IT RIGHT BACK.
It is. Win or lose, I get to lose myself into this game for 3 hours.
It should turn out well. She doesn't want to be there, but she'll make the most of it, so she's getting her support. 

I'm here getting my support from you guys and from this incredible sport.
Thanks. Yea it is. She's getting her help. We'll get through it, but tonight I'm getting some help from hockey.
Thanks man. She's getting awesome help and I'm grateful she's getting the help she needs. 
I hope the Flyers can win. I fucking need this today. My gf tried to kill herself last night and I spent all day in the hospital and went with her to her inpatient facility. I'm so drained and I just wanna get lost in a hockey game. Hockey has gotten me through a lot of tough shit in my life, but I really need it tonight.

Take a moment to remind people that you love them, that you're there for them, and that they're not alone. 

Fuck the Pens. Fuck the Hawks. Let's go Flyers and let's go Gene Hart.
I can't say I didn't get what I asked for.
I'm in class and can't watch right now. Update me with the top memes though. 
If 10,000 people did 20,000 Mole kills, statistically 9,987 would have gotten the pet, 13 would not. 

Basically, there's a 0.13% chance to do 20k kills and not see a 1/3k drop. 
Honestly this. Even in Pennsylvania the humidity shoots up and you avoid going outside at all costs. Luckily it's not like that more often than it is. 
#Malcom Jenkins Doin' Fuckin' Work
In a way it points out the stupidity of it, but its really the same as showing a facemasking as a cutaway.
I'm well aware. Generally, cutaways are legal plays or touchdowns, not illegal touchdown celebrations.
SMALLWOOD SWINGING HIS BIG DICK AROUND
15 yard penalty. Using the ball to score a touchdown.
So it's a penalty, but you use it as your cutaway? k.
Naa, we need to call the Giants and work a deal for their kicking net. Impressive performance 2 weeks ago.
Shannon: "The Cowboys have been nothing for the past 4 years."

Skip: "Shannon..."

#Want to hear what Skip has to say???#

In fact, I don't. Shannon is right.
Wayne Train wut u doin
Thanks for the video link. That's really cool and I'll definitely check out more of his stuff. Reminds me of my Physics prof freshman year who was a wizard with all that equipment. 
Looks decent, but that FO% could afford to go up and I'd like to see that giveaways number stay low while forcing more.
I'm stoned. This is fun to watch.
It's only 3. Don't you worry.
Now we're learning.
You are good at what you do, please don't stop.
Did I say you could come back?
Okay. I was a little worried. He looked like he had to poop, but was constipated.
Does Darryl Sutter have to poop or what?
I'M BLAMING BETTMAN FOR MAKING ME STAY UP LATE TO WATCH THE FLYERS. 
Yes I can. 
Double angry. Still angry from last week's game and angry the Washington football peoples have a racist name. 
Back in middle school I played in a hockey tournament in New Jersey. There were something like a combined 50 penalties, 2 fights, 3 player ejections, our assistant coach was ejected, several parents ejected from the stands. Now mind you we played like 13-16 minute periods. After the game we almost had a fight with the other team in the tunnel outside the locker rooms and there was almost a parent fight in the lobby. 

And that's how my middle school hockey team was kicked out of the Voorhees Flyers SkateZone. 
Chargers at least keeping it interesting to the end...
Yea that was me in high school. Come home, do nothing/procrastinate, hockey practice, more video games/procrastinating, then homework after 11.
Ouch. 
Ahhh. I'll check it out. That makes the chime sell increase seem that much more useful. 
Neat. Who on Cyclosis? I knew some stuff sold for more, but I never noticed anyone that I could sell that stuff to. 
So from what I gather someone disassembled a shadow dyed item accidentally at yaka? 
From the movie frozen, there's a line in a song that goes "the cold never bothered me anyway". 
Driftwood and shells sell for 5 chimes each? Is that with the upgrades? 
I gotta agree. I never liked knowing the Eagles had to try to stop Murray. Then we get Murray and don't even use him right. Glad he's found a home where he's used properly. 
I thought he got hit or something. Replay told me different. I'm kinda shocked he dropped it like that. 
Refs: where the penalties are made up and the flags don't matter. 
Lol. What even just happened. Completed pass, revoked the penalty. I don't even know anymore man. 
I mean that ball is ripped out of his arms. As much as I want it to be a catch its not. Even if it was, there's a penalty. I don't know what's happening. 
Rip my heart out why don't ya? 
Fair. I'll admit that as an Eagles fan we're quick to point blame at people who might not exactly deserve it. 

I mean I personally thought that the problem was Nick Foles and Sam Bradford as QBs rather than consider the fact that maybe the problem was the WRs.
Honestly, good for Sam. He really looks like he fits in well in Minnesota. He just didn't have that in Philly. I do wish him the best.
o boy here we go. buckle up.
That's how he came up with Spider 2 Y Banana. He drew it up in his cocaine.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Things OBJ can hit, but Blair Walsh can't: the kicking net.
Not gonna lie I was waiting for that to hook left.
That's about a C. As we know, C's get degrees. Too bad this ain't college.
Can we talk about the Viking who got blown up by #45 for the Giants? Like he got truck sticked. Hard.
Idea: instead of letting Blair Walsh kick field goals, put the punter out there and drop kick all field goals and extra points.
Looked like it had a chance, then just broke left hard. I mean if it was a curveball, woulda had that hitter swinging and missing. Too bad its not baseball.
Very. I was happy to see Bradford go because I thought he was trash. He's been proving me wrong, all while looking dazed and confused doing it.
Yea I can see that. What he loses on is the fact he always seems really confused as to where he is and what he's doing. Like he just woke up with a massive hangover, has no idea where his pants are, and then realizes he went back to the drunk 7's place.
God that's such a bad picture of Sam Bradford. Then again I don't think there's such a thing as a good picture of Sam Bradford.
He honestly look like he has some kind of colored contacts. Like grills, but for contact lenses.
***THIS AIN'T THE UNITED STATES OF TORTORELLA.***
I'm with ya there.
I'm honestly at the point where I don't like ESPN anymore, but don't have much of a choice in the matter.
Why is Stephen A. Smith on my football watching box?
Is that the new Spider 2 Y Banana? /s
All that kicking sequence needed was a Giants timeout to complete the "ice the kicker" trifecta.
What do you mean by offering them more stake and ownership? I'm 21, so I'm in that age group and curious to see what you think. 
I'm 21 and in community college. I met my girlfriend on tinder. My day is go to school, come home, do homework, play video games and/or hang out with girlfriend. 

Before her when I was working landscaping it was get up, go to work, hang out with work guys, go home and play video games. 

I'm not socially awkward, but without high school or a traditional college, I have no idea how I'm supposed to make friends. 
4 seconds? 1 TO left? C'mon Andy don't let me down.

Edit: He let me down. But that seems to the Chiefs' theme tonight.
At this point I just want Al Michaels and Cris? Chris? Collinsworth to just keep commentating. It's only gonna get better.
I stayed for the memes.
"five hundy"
But NBC, pls hire for CMO. Chief Meme Officer.
YO NOT GONNA LIE WHEN AL MICHAELS SAID IF I CAN DO A MEME AND MENTIONED TODD HALEY'S DAUGHTER IT DID NOT GO THE WAY I THOUGHT IT WOULD.
MEMES.
Idk, probably the guy who oversees the staph infections.
I felt that way when he was in Philly. It amazed me he could coach as decent as he did because it looked like he spent most of his energy on trying to breathe.
At this point I'm watching to see what else he'll say.
He makes me laugh in shock. He just doesn't care. Its like someone told him 5 people are watching, say what you will.
I have 2 quizzes to turn in by midnight and I've been thinking of working on them for about 2 hours now. 
"Smoking is cool"

"Should probably turn the lights off now"

"The Chiefs really need this bye week"

Al Michaels is getting reckless.@
I do prefer him better in red. the nickname Big Red makes more sense. Also the redness in his face from trying to breathe matches the team's colors.
HEAR THAT KIDS. SMOKE CIGARETTES AND YOU CAN BE AS COOL AS ARNOLD PALMER.
Thanks for circling that on the teleprompter. I was wondering where Arnold Palmer was on the cleats /s
Andy Reid method. Good choice
Yea. I like them because its just watching to see how bad its gonna get.
Interesting that 2 of the 7 happened in like a 2 month period.
shhhh is ok bb. was a bad dream.
Its the little things.
Holy shit don't tell me Nick Foles holds a record.
My best guess is Paulina Gretzky. She's married to some golfer who was on the US team, but more importantly is the daughter of The Great One.
The same people who schedule first pitch for 7:03.
Yo but who's smashing that hottie on the right of that Ryder Cup team?
Its Andy Reid. I mean I don't know what you want.
Your mistake was trusting the Chiefs.
Agree. Its like saying a 2 goal lead is safe.
Wouldn't this be the second?
You know its raining hard when you can see the rain from the cameras. 
When Andy Reid realizes he's bad at clock management.
You've doomed us. That's the new shitty drama, can NBC manage to make a new shitty drama every week.
Yea. I mean I honestly didn't expect that game last week and was kinda upset because I know Pittsburgh is better than that and expected better from them. 

Its nice to know we beat a good team even if they had a bad week. 
I mean say what you want about the Jets, but at least they don't have to deal with people reminding them that Rex Ryan is their coach.
Binders full probably.
I appreciate the effort, but if you could reverse where you put the Steelers and Chiefs that would be great. The way you have it now tells me the Chiefs are good and Kelce is having a great game.
Yea. Its pretty funny in a sad way. 
I've been busy finishing last minute work and its one of the few bits of the game I've actually paid attention to. I don't think I've missed much.
Sounds about right. Still waiting for Big Red to call this defensive timeout though.
Honestly though, I don't think this reflects as the Eagles being that good, just the Chiefs being that bad.
Those Chiefs players flailing at the ball and missing just feels like the epitome of this game.
Thanks. I hope I get fucked too!
I'm gonna go with the Chiefs are just that bad.
Let's hope it goes halfway decent and doesn't involve Chip Kelly.
At least the jerseys are red and not green.
We'll see you in a month not-so-friendo
That name next to a Cowboys star makes me sad.
I mostly make impartial comments because while I don't like the Cowboys, they aren't the bane of my existence. I decided huh, the Cowboys v. Chip Kelly, I have an interest. 

If you're a Pens fan though, we'll have some issues.
I mean as an Eagles fan, I'm a lot more worried about facing Dak than I would be about facing Romo. In all honesty, I don't find Romo to be terribly good. He's pretty average. Dak looks like he's better than average.

So I mean it just depends on who the Cowboys decision makers have a bigger hard on for. Realistically, 40%. My world, 90%.

Edit: comment is hidden anyways, but damn y'all got a hard on for Romo.
Yea I mean Bill cuts them off and pays the fines because its a fuck you to the NFL about telling him what he can and can't wear.

Dez could've easily went to someone at the NFL and said I'd like a hoodie with no sleeves, easy enough to make one of. Then see how its received and if there's enough interest to allow fans to buy them. 
fair. I mean I don't follow west coast teams much, so I had no idea if the 49ers were contenders, average, or rebuilding.
m8 i'm right here.
You can't tell me what to do. You don't know me. You don't my life.
Me too thanks.
Right here dad.
Bigger loss for the 49ers today: the actual game or the number of injuries sustained?


They probably are. I'd think conditioning coaches more focus on preventing things like cramps and other minor muscle injuries. Can't really condition to prevent a torn ACL, a full muscle tear, or a full tendon tear.
Because ya girl impatient and wants rounds 2, 3, and 4 without an intermission.
I mean technically they can do anything, just depends on how much they're willing to pay in fines every week for Roger to jerk off to.

Bill Belichick wears his hoodie with sleeves cut off every week. 

They just showed Dez again and unless he had the sleeves cut off and someone sewed the hem, it might be designed like that. 
Thanks. Its what I'm best at. I've realized all my years of disappointment and underperformance have led me to this.

Seeing the punter push the guy out of bounds reminds me of the 250 some pound PSU punter/kicker who absolutely destroys guys on returns.
I know the feel. I still remember Harry Kalas. That '08 world series call is seared into my brain. Still remember he died in the booth before a game. 

Just appreciate what he's done and having the opportunity to listen to one of the best.
I like how he prepares.
Not a Dodgers fan, nor have I listened to many broadcasts, but he reminds me of what Harry Kalas was for Philly. He's precious. I hope you savored that broadcast because it can be easy to take it for granted.
Blaine Gabbert more like Blame Gabbert amirite
His was sleeveless wasn't it? He probably had a normal hoodie and cut the sleeves off.
Taunting is a dumb rule. I forgot that only Roger Goodell is allowed to have a ego. 

Punter on the sidelines with special teams like my job is to kick the ball, why did I have to push him out of bounds too?
GODDAMN THANKS FOR LETTING ME HEAR A VIN SCULLY CALL. 

What he means to baseball is worth a 10 second interruption in a football game.
Put that security guard under center. Back of the shirt said "elite", so he must be an elite QB right?
Christ that stiff arm. If that happened off the field he'd be being investigated for domestic violence.
flair up pussy
What am I shutting up about? I wasn't paying attention.
Naa. We're from Philly. It's all we're good at.
I'm thinking anime honestly.
I don't like your football team, but I don't mind your hockey team. I especially like when the scoreboard arena shit talks.
This is true. Honestly, even the Trash Talk Threads are well received through the downright savageness.
I turned the TV on and football showed up. Watched that game, didn't go into game thread because I didn't care. Came into this one because the Cowboys are playing.
I didn't know Gongshow did pants, but then again its been a few years since I've been really involved in the culture.
Way late on this, but thanks for the reply. I would've never thought of things like that. I guess because I'm a near-max player with no eye catching attributes, I don't get as much hate. 

I like clues too. That would make sense, saving all the "Why thieve if you're already 200m?!?!?!?!? XP WASTE REEEEEEEEEE" comments. 

I'll have to keep those things in consideration as I progress.
Hello yes American hockey player here how do I buy them? 
What motivates you to not want to display your gear while doing solo content? I don't use private myself, but I like to see other lines of thinking. 
Thanks for a wonderful explanation. As you said, I kinda understood it, but whenever I looked more into it, it was always stuff saying how I, a cis white male, had it so much better than everyone else. While correct, but probably not worded well, I felt like it invalidated any struggles I had simply because of who I was.

I've struggled with things like depression, anxiety, drug addiction, and alcoholic tendencies, but I also went to a good school, lived in a safe neighborhood, and had loving parents. It alienated me because I felt like it was trying to rank me, not acknowledge that while I've had a lot of privilege, I've had difficulty. 

But thanks for also hitting on the point of women's pants pockets and it not being socially acceptable for men to use a purse. Baffles me endlessly at how some pockets are just decorative and that maybe I would want a small purse to make sure stuff doesn't fall out of my pockets. 
Go look at the companies Warren Buffet owns via Berkshire Hathaway. He owns GEICO insurance and Dairy Queen. Why buy an insurance company and an ice cream company?
Idk what I just watched, but I need a shower now. 
Dibs on the band name. 
Why not post your combat stats, herblore level, gear setup, familiar, and inventories? I personally haven't done kiln since the buff, but maybe someone else could critique it to help you improve. 

Instead of asking to break the rules.
But actually can Carson's contract be modified to say if he is at any social event that he has to spend at least 50% of the time watching game film

I'm a lifelong Philadelphia sports fan. I anticipate that my team delivers this level of beat down every game and that anything less than a 19-0 super bowl win is utter failure. 

And bruh, 2010 Flyers. Made the NHL postseason on a Danny Briere fake against the Rangers to squeak into the playoffs. Lost in the Stanley Cup finals. That team shouldn't have made the playoffs and I consider it a failure they lost in 5 I believe it was to the Blackhawks. 

And the number of teams that have been said "could go all the way"  and didn't. The 2008 Phillies have been the only success I've seen and 2009 was a failure due to lack of repeat. 

There's a fuck ton of pressure. When this team shits the bed I'll be there to call for the coaches head to roll and that Carson Wentz isnt NFL caliber. I'm not oblivious of that fact. I'm a Philly sports fan and I expect nothing less than a world title from a team that has a little hope. 
Not even complaining, just wondering if there's a time where that happens. 

I'd honestly rather the Eagles be looked on as underdogs than be hyped. That way however it ends it's seen as good and not as a failure. 

I do know what and I don't wanna talk about it. 
U w0t m8. 

Not sure why you're telling me about little kids in Ohio who would be happy with a non college playoff win. Also not sure why you have to designate non college. 

I'm not really complaining. I'm a Philadelphia sports fan. I don't expect people to give Philly teams the benefit of the doubt and I much enjoy watching Philly teams prove people wrong. I'm just poking fun at people who will keep finding a reason to discredit the Eagles. 
Thanks. I didn't know what to think before the game, but now I don't know what to feel. 
I firmly believe the difference this week was the extra film session Carson had on a date with his girlfriend. 

Actually though, how many more weeks before the "It's just the..." stops? "It's just the Super Bowl, wait until they have a real dynasty."
Heretic.
Don't forget /u/tstscavo replied "Same." to that comment. Just making sure everyone holds up their end of the deal.
Hahahahahaha, I still remember when we paid him a butt ton of money and all that came out of it was memes. 
1. 91-99 hunter

2. 96-99 agility via silverhawks

3. 92-94 woodcutting

From there I'll probably be done for the weekend to do homework or just afking really hard. 
I'm more than willing to stoop to their level to trash talk. 
No. You'll never hear the end of it if we ever win a Super Bowl. 
Don Cherry for Memer in Chief. 
When success is losing in the Stanley Cup final after making the playoffs on the last day of the season. 

In my memory, 2010 was a nightmare of overtime goals. 
NOT THE TENDIES. 
We got ourselves a copypasta template boys. 
Somewhat baffling? You mean gritty reasons. 

Actually it's beyond me as to why he was left off the team for any reason. 
I hope the Czechs win so he isn't sad and makes the USA look even worse by going 0-3-0. Win-win. Neuvirth is happy and USA Hockey gets a wakeup call. 
I'm very well aware of Torts and his gritty ride. 

Torts shouldn't have had the chance to pick a team because he shouldn't have been the coach.
The US might have lost, but at least I'm not a Rangers fan. I hope Sweden loses just so Henrik is sad. 
I've never felt shame to this level to love USA Hockey. I was hoping for great things after the loss in 2010 and its been downhill. This shit needs to be fixed starting tomorrow. 
You mean the Germans know good football when they see it?
When you hate to admit Stephen A. Smith was right when he said this isn't the United States of Tortorella. 

At least we're off Tortorella's gritty ride. 
I've been supporting Team NA since Europe went up 1-0 against them. 
G Fucking G. 
I hope this is the last time I agree with a Rangers fan, but we're USA fans right now. 
You misspelled gritty. 
That goal was brought to you by the grit of the 1996 USA WCOH team. 
I'd rather see the US give up in the WCOH so USA Hockey sees it as a wake up call in a relatively meaningless tournament compared to something like the Olympics. 
WHEN IT COULD BE TIED NOW BUT THE POST AIN'T HAVING IT. 
Ahhh, I understand why it would be two points. Thanks for the article. 
Is it two? I know they changed it so they could be run back instead of a dead ball, but I'm not sure how much. 

And didn't the Ravens do that a week ago? 
I just watched the video and I see what you're saying. The one clip he was running downfield as the ball carrier came into his lane and he stopped to make the tackle.

Let me say I like how he tackles by grabbing and not just trying to throw himself into the ball carrier. 
To add to the others who gave the definition, let me give some etymology. What the pick six is to interceptions, the kick six is to field goals. 
God I remember watching that Chris Davis return at my kitchen table and freaking out when it happened. I'm not really a fan of either team, but just a fan of things like that. I didn't believe my eyes. 
Interesting. I could see why people then think that they can use toothpaste as a replacement. Just because you can, doesn't mean you should. 
The hero we need. 
I'll look out for him. 
Thanks for the in depth reply. I get that now. Do teams do this for punt coverage too? 

And what about a special circumstance like Auburn's kick six?
I use 3. One for my combat style, one for prayers, and one for defensives.
I Googled it and he apparently dresses the way he does because he doesn't like the idea of the NFL telling him what to wear. So yea, he dresses the way he does out of spite. 
How should I know? I'm not a dentist. 
Isn't that to spite the NFL though?
I've never heard of lane integrity before now and I want to hear his 8000 word answer. 
If you were out of toothpaste you wouldn't think to use thermal paste as a replacement, so not sure why you'd think to use toothpaste if you were out of thermal paste. 
I get the Eagles are parking the bus, but damn don't let the Bears slash the tires.
Yo, how funny would it be if we had the punter drop kick the extra points?
I'LL ACTUALLY REPLY WHEN YOU GET SOME DAMN FLAIR.
I THINK I NEED TO GO SEE THE EYE DOCTOR. DIDN'T SEE THE GAME THREAD SO I WENT AND STARTED POSTING IN THE PRE-GAME THREAD LIKE AN IDIOT. 

ALSO HOLY HELL THE LIVE COMMENTS THING JUST FUCKS MY SHIT UP. SO CHOPPY. BACK TO NEW AND REFRESHING CONSTANTLY.
Damn turnover on downs, but the Eagles get to try again.
CARSON WENTZ 1ST BALLOT HOF'ER. EAGLES WIN THE SUPER BOWL. HYPE TRAINNNNNNNNN.

Quality shitpost. 
Okay now I see which line you're inferring that from. I'm not trying to say you're wrong or I'm right either. 

I mean I'm hoping it was poorly timed sarcasm. 
Bruh. Read what the person said again. 

Pretty sure the allergic reaction causing autism part was sarcasm.

She never said anything about autistic kids being damaged goods. Just that autistic kids can regress, where you then pointed out, so can everyone else. 

I'm pretty sure the person who posted this believes the vaccine caused the allergic reaction and the autism that was found developed independently of that. Just that the doctor and the mother of the autistic child believe it was the vaccine that caused the autism. 
Christ it's not Trash Talk Friday. 
I'm well aware of that. 
Do you wrestle with him for the sake of wrestling? Or do you have another motive? Wrestling can be intimate, so with a platonic friend I'd want to end it before something weird happens. I'd be mortified if during the process I accidentally grabbed a boob or her butt. 

I'd personally see even play wrestling as trying to initiate something more since the outcome is obvious if I don't take it easy. 
Yes. I pulled the zipper back down. As far as pain, it's an extremely sharp pinch on a very sensitive body part. Hurts like hell. I guess the best comparison would be like squeezing tweezers on your labia. 
It depends. I've mostly gone to girls in those types of classes because I've realized she grasps the material better than I do, so maybe she can teach me something. 

If I think you're a cool person I'd want to be friends after that. If I find you attractive, I'd see if dating was an option. 
How long? You should start now. 

Also don't hint about it. Ask him up front or explain your intentions if you meet up. You're old enough to be direct. 
It depends on if you'd get mad at me for letting you win. Personally I haven't dated a girl who I think could overpower me and actually beat me. 
Discounting my girlfriend and my mother, probably 5 years ago in my sophomore year where I peaked at 2 compliments. 

One was when I wore khaki's and a sweater with a new cologne and a girl said I smelled good. The other was when I was sick and a girl said my sick voice was sexy, but not my regular voice. 

Although I was insulted at a house party a year ago when a girl told me I'd look better without my eyebrow pierced. 
Met my current girlfriend through tinder. I had mentioned I studied physics, so she started asking me physics questions until she realized I wasn't grasping it and asked to meet up. 

I was getting mad at her because I thought she was using me to do her physics homework. 
I was hoping it would be like storage wars. 
Thought I was watching the Bills on 4th down but then I realized it was a Geico commercial.
LOL
Yo lets run it a third time they'll never see it coming.
BUBBLE HOCKEY IS FUCKIN LIT THO.
He is coaching team USA. Now imagine a player doesn't stand for the anthem when they're playing the Canadians. Then there are the Canadians, in Canada, all belting out O Canada. 

It's unnecessary divisiveness for a team moments before a game. 
Gif of the Bills coach on the sideline shaking his hands up and down?
"If you watched the Jets and I watched the first half."
THANKS FOR PREPPING ME FOR /R/HOCKEY'S TRASH TALK FRIDAY THOUGH. 
Andy Reid.
I DID NOT. IT'S A GOOD PUNCHLINE BUT I DO REALIZE I'M AN EAGLES FAN.
Who was that laughing and what was so funny about a 4th&1?
SORRY I'M NOT AS EXCITED BY MEDIOCRITY AS YOU ARE.
No that was the buttfumble.
PHIL SIMMS HAS LOST IT. "You know what I say to that? Beer is a wonderful thing."
Camera guy just got Decker-ed
That's a bold move cotton, lets see how it pays off.
I think that's what he's trying to be. This way the defense won't see him coming. 
Nice drive. -14 yards keep it up.
Hehehehe.
Ayyy, maybe the refs gonna call a helmet to helmet hit...nevermind.
Things I've learned so far tonight:

1. I'm not sure what Phil Simms is on, but I want some. 

2. Rest in pieces Revis Island. 

3. Kevin James is the king of comedy according the Kevin James. 

4. ~~Rest in speculative pieces Brandon Marshall's knee.~~ Ayyyyy the knee has risen.

Edit: Added 4. 
If by hurt you mean his feelings then yes. 
Are they just not gonna play the other 10 games or?
Pass and catch:10/10

Revis: 0/10

Camera guy: 0/10

Taunting rule: 0/10
Hey. Fuck the pens.
Thank you for the correction. I did a quick look up and really only read the first section or two and the wording was pretty dense in my opinion. 
I watched that game as an American and it was stunning. I thought the Canadians had it locked up. Devastating Canadian collapse. 
Or 1960 either. The forgotten miracle in Squaw Valley. 
USGA at least says that being an amateur means not registering as a pro with the PGA, not entering tournaments as a pro, and not collecting prize money in excess of $750 if my quick glance at the rules is right. 

Sounds weird because the rule reads like "a golfer is considered a professional if he considers himself a professional". 
I realize he's ridiculous. It is hilarious to listen to him, but for how little air time hockey gets, I don't want SAS discussing anything related to it.
In Torts We Trust.
Tortorella's stance is moreso on the heavy team-first culture of ice hockey. Individuality isn't as valued or focused on in the sport as much as it is in football or basketball. Sidney Crosby is a star and focused on, but the team doesn't revolve around him. 

To other teams and coaches, if a player makes a personal stand like that, it could be seen by opponents as the coach not having control of his players. That the coach can't make his 22 players work as one. 

I know Torts has probably told his players that they can protest all they want in the locker before the game, after the game, to the media, etc, but as soon as that jersey is pulled on and they step on the ice, he expects complete obedience because its HIS team. If you want to disrespect HIS team, you will not play.

Edit: I think it was dumb they even asked Torts in the first place.
I didn't see the SAS segment, but what gives Stephen A. Smith any credibility when it comes to talking about anything hockey related? 

And more generally, what gives SAS the right to talk? 

I'm sorry he makes me mad. 
PERSONALLY I HATE THE COWBOYS AND THE GIANTS, BUT DAMN DO I LOVE AMERICA. LOVING THE FLAG, LOVING DUBBYA, AND LOVING THE TRUMPET.
Best outcome is a tie.
Back to the sideline reporter so I can watch the cheerleader again pls.
HE CAUGHT THE BALL. HE CAUGHT THE BALL.
OH MY GOD. CATCH THE BALL.

BUT YO I'M DONE. "CLEVELAND BROWNS ???"
Surprised it took that long.
AYYYYYYYYY I'LL TAKE IT.
Throw 5 yards down the middle of the field and hope. 

Never change Eagles.
Triggered. He said Carson Palmer.
DAMN. THAT WAS NICE.
ALL BOUT THEM GREENBACK$$$$$$
Triple covered and when the ball lands not a single guy on the receiver.

"How does that happen?"

"Not understanding the football."

Lord I might as well mute this.
NOT QUITE SURE WHERE THIS OTHER FEED FROM CBS IS, BECAUSE I'M WATCHING THIS DUMB HALFTIME SHOW. 

THEY ACTUALLY CAME BACK FROM COMMERCIAL TO TALK FOR A MINUTE TO GO RIGHT BACK TO COMMERCIAL. WHAT THE FUCK.
From the wikipedia page it says that the 2 minute was retained to serve as a commercial break and for "tension building".

Yea it needs to go.
THAT'S TEAMWORK BOYS.
That's cool as hell honestly. He has the means to do good things and does.
Can we talk about how he actually leaped over the first down marker like he afraid of it?
DAMN CONNOR BARWIN. $685K FOR PHILLY PARKS? THAT'S SHIT I CAN GET HYPE FOR. COMMUNITY OUTREACH IS THE REAL G SHIT.
Fair. I just want a good defense. I was a young kid during the Jim Johnson era and didn't realize just how good he was. I want a defense that good so I can really appreciate it.
He made the field goal. Refs agreed. Hooray?
Me too. Where do we pick up our zebra shirts?
For those more versed in Eagles defenses, how does this Eagles D compare to the Jim Johnson defenses?
Hey, don't make fun of the visually impaired like that.
That's what impressed me the most. He's a rookie, but still thought he should follow the ball just in case something bad happened. It's those little things that make me like Wentz a lot, whether he's good or not.
Idk who the kicker is but can we get a new one?
WENTZ AND GHOSTBEAR. THE SAVIORS OF OUR CITY.
But seriously though, I hope we have a great defense this year. I want the Eagles to have one of the highest rated defenses on Madden again.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. DARREN SPROLES. SPECIAL TEAMS STILL BANGIN.
Yup. Flyers are our only hope.

I love the hustle on the batted pass from Carson.
The game is on in my kitchen, but no one is there. It's on for the sole purpose of not missing a second of the game if you need to get snacks. This is only a Sunday thing.
WENTZ DRIVE #2. TD AGAIN LEGGO.
I GUESS I'M ROOTING FOR THE REVS IN THE USOC SO WE CAN SAY WE LOST TO THE CHAMPIONS 3 YEARS IN A ROW. I KNOW IT DOESN'T MEAN MUCH, BUT IT'S THE CLOSEST THING WE HAVE TO A TROPHY. 
I DON'T KNOW WHY THE TUNNEL TO THE VISITORS LOCKER ROOM DOESN'T JUST CONTINUE THROUGH THE RIVER END AND INTO THE ACTUAL RIVER. 
I CAME HERE LOOKING FOR THIS AND I'M PLEASED.

I WAS AT BOTH USOC FINALS IN 2014 AND 2015. I'M EXCITED TO WATCH US CHOKE IN ACTUAL PLAYOFFS LIKE A REAL PHILADELPHIA TEAM. 

OBLIGATORY FUCK THE RED BULLS AND UNITED. 
To /r/copypasta with you.
Please define that with a bell curve. 
Agreed. Not enough shame. 
From Pennsylvania, still can't buy liquor and beer in the same store. Just recently in my area there are select supermarkets who sell beer now. 
Man I'm right there with you. Not for that time, but I always watched SC growing up and it just went to shit. That last comment resonates. I've migrated to other channels for sports, including OneWorld sports. Not exactly highlights, but lots of neat sports most Americans don't get to see. 
R
Ahhhh thanks. I'm old enough to remember going to the Vet for Phillies games and remembering it's demolition and the building of the new stadiums, but was 8/9 years old and didn't really understand. 
I live in a well-to-do area not far from the stadium, went to Widener, still have family in the area, and all that jazz. I'm happy to have a soccer team, but damn that city needed that money. The city doesn't have enough money to afford to plow roads, let alone do (m)any repairs. 

Chester is a rough city. Former blue collar city with few jobs and little hope. It's got potential though. I wish there was more to do around the stadium.

Biggest thing I notice really is the tolerance of the residents towards the team itself and it's fans. The actual residents of Chester by and large don't seem to care about the team because they can't afford it. 
It has such a pronounced and unpredictable effect that the catchers who catch for knuckleball pitchers also have knuckleball catchers mitts that are a few inches larger than the max allowed by the MLB for the sole reason that it's hard to catch because you don't know where it's gonna end up. 
I never really understood a whole lot about the whole publicly funded stadiums simply because I was too young to really comprehend that when philadelphia teams got new stadiums. I don't know if Citizens Bank Park or Lincoln Financial Field are publicly funded, but I do remember the debate to build the Union stadium in Chester. 

They said it would provide jobs, bring money to the area, and revitalize the waterfront. Hasn't done any of that. They got a ramp right from 95/Commodore Barry Bridge that nearly pours into the parking lot. Homes across the street are still boarded up. Still empty factories on the Chester waterfront. I'm pretty sure that stadium was built with public and state funds that would have been much better off being used to actually revitalize the city. 
Very interesting. We had some properties where there were streams/creeks running through them or pools, but never both.
Ya that's the general assumption. Company I worked for did this. Some routes had larger, some smaller, but area wise was always about 25-30 1/4 acre properties. 
If anything a weedwhacker should have hit as much possible. If that's possible. 
That's a fair point. There is a noticeable divide between some companies. I've seen guys that will just blow it in a pool and walk away. They don't last long usually. 

I'd be horrified to see a pool turned green from landscapers. 
No they're professionals. They weren't being paid to remove a tree limb. They were being paid to cut a property. Removing tree limbs costs extra.

Its a real frustration to walk onto a property to see that. Property owner could have called and worked something out to have it removed. 

It's not very professional of a property owner to not disclose information like that to the landscaping crew and basically springing that on them and expecting them to deal with it.
Okay. I've landscaped for a few years and let me say something. I'm not defending your landscapers, but give us some damn credit. 

Do you know how hard it is to keep grass out of a pool? I was at least taught to cut away from the pool, but when you blow off at the end, some residual clippings usually blow in. We can't help that. Nor are we going to clean it because we are usually only allowed to spend so much time on a property before it becomes a loss of money. 

As far as weed eating, we don't care what gets flicked in the pool as long as the weed eater isn't flicking it in the direction of the house, car, or person. Yes we wish it didn't need to go in the pool, but better there than a window or person. Again, we don't have the time to clean it. 

As for the tree in OP's pic, it depends on the contract. If the landscapers are supposed to take care of everything about the property including storm cleanup, then they didn't do their job. If the contract is weekly cuts with little else, then that's on the property owner to move it out of the way or the property owner needs to call the company and request they come out to remove the tree, which can be done alongside a cut. They were there to cut grass, not there to move a tree limb. They're not gonna touch it because they're not being paid to. 
This. I was 10 in '05 and I even remember seeing him at a Reading Phillies game. I understand he can't stay, but I hate to see him go. I wish things went better, I wish he didn't tear his achillies, but no matter where he ends up I'm gonna cheer him on because I know he wants nothing more than to be a Phillie.
Oh we do. Although for the various foods that Philadelphia embraces, Philly cream cheese really isn't one of them. 
I actually looked into the Philadelphia cream cheese and while Philadelphia was prominent in making it in the early 19th century, Philadelphia cream cheese was made in New York State. 
I'm from Philadelphia and I'm not quite sure what Philadelphia cheese is. Are you talking cream cheese? Or do they put a Philly cheese steak in the crust? 
Was 12 or 13 rows behind the net he scored on. My god I was 9 but I remember that clear as day and I was beyond ecstatic not just because the Flyers won, but my favorite Flyer, Simon Gagne, scored. 

Lest I forget the Keith Primeau goal to let Gagne score that one in OT. 
TY based OP. 
OP, please update if wife responds. Or if he says something to you about his wife saying something.
I completely agree. I've collectively not played this game for 10 days simply because I ran out of pokeballs and didn't want to drive 30 minutes to hit 3 pokestops. If spawns were increased and pokestops gave 6-8 items frequently, I could play the game more. I'm on vacation now and having an absolute blast with it, but back home it costs me gas money to play this game. 
I will say where I live there are no pokestops or gyms visible on my map. Was walking with my girlfriend by her house where there's a decent number and ran into a bulbasaur. It ran and I sat on the sidewalk because it was the first time I had seen one in 2 weeks.
Been playing since release and only have the charmander I started with. Otherwise have seen 3 bulbasaurs, caught 2, and  no squirtles. 
Knew what the link was before I clicked. Clicked anyways because it's amazing. Goddamn the memories.
I ain't even mad. That's the homecoming Chase Fucking Utley deserved. He may not be in red anymore, but damn does it feel good to see him do that stuff. I'll never forget that magic from '08 and the "WORLD FUCKING CHAMPIONS". Winning the world series sealed everyone on that roster a spot in the hearts of Philly sports fans, but what chase did during his speech made him truly immortal. 

At the age of 13 he and that team gave me a memory that will last my lifetime. A Philadelphia sports title.

I'm forever grateful Chase. I don't care what uniform you wear, you're a Phillie through and through. You did me, Harry the K, and this city proud. 
Did mine in around 130 kills. All 6 books. I thank RNJesus daily. 
Also got a farming rock from picking coconuts. 
Dad y
Its of kebabs. He likes kebabs. You should sell him some. 
I'd like you to meet my friend of kebabs.
Congrats Trinky! 
Good luck! What do you have left?
Hey stranger! 

Awesome comic as always. I had that problem yesterday, except it was at the flower patch. Looked up at the TV for what felt like a second and looked down to watch myself die. Then had my bloodweed die. Twice. 
I clicked the link and got exactly what I expected.
Another good point. 200 chimes really isn't a big deal. 
Very true. I like the idea, I just didn't see a way around it at first glance. 
But doesn't Rosie give out 5 supplies a day now? What's to say people don't just collect those supplies and sell them back to her?
I swear you have to be my Sophomore year AP Euro teacher. That man loved those pencils. So much so that he got a bad pack, wrote the company, and they sent him like 5 packs of pencils or whatever. 

But I'm also a fan of them. By far best pencils I've used. 
You would be correct. I don't know the exact values off the top of my head, but knuckleball mitts and normal catcher's mitts are different. Catcher's mitts are measured by the circumference and knuckleball mitts are allowed to be a few inches larger to account for only being able to guess. 
Someone else in the thread mentioned Danny Mwanga, who like Adu, had a stint with the Philadelphia Union. I looked it up and both of them now play for the Tampa Bay Rowdies of the NASL. 
Union fan here. That name just makes me sad. I think he could've been good, but with everything that's come to light about Piotr Nowak's time with the team, there's a lot of questions of what if. 
No then he asked my dad if his wife was ready to fuck Pat Burrell. 
He was actually a pleasant guy. I got the picture and stuff with him earlier. 

I was just kinda shocked he did it. Different story if I was 19 or was a season ticket holder he recognized. 
Shocking because it was out of the blue towards a young fan. 
Sadly that bat was only useful when the game wasn't all that close it seemed. 
It broke my heart. He was my favorite player and I once stood in line at the Phillies Phestival to take a picture with him and have him autograph it. My most worn shirt was a Pat Burrell t-shirt.

Honestly one of the only Phillies players I can remember outright disliking.
Pat Burrell did the same thing to me. Except he was in the dugout, turned around and saw young me with a glove, holds up a finger to say wait a minute, goes under, comes back, turns around, and fake tosses a nonexistent ball. 
True. My company didn't work with sod often, so I don't have as much know how on that. We would haul away any grass/weeds we were removing to replace with sod, but we didn't haul away a lot of dirt. It also helped these were done on properties the company I had worked for had been maintaining for many years and for the most part had very good soil. 

Removing dirt just means regrading a portion of the yard unless you're replacing the removed dirt with fresh topsoil.
I wouldn't suggest calling the nuke. The best time to do that early spring and before the leaves fall. 

IIRC, its best to limit starter and fertilizer while seeding because most of those have high nitrogen numbers and crate acidic conditions, which can create a hostile soil environment for plants. 

I won't doubt you're watering, but on hot days you may need to water 5+ times a day until the soil is wet. 

Also, having worked at a landscaping company, we didn't haul away dirt in situations like that. We'd bring in topsoil and lay the sod on top. 

Source: 2 years professional landscaping underneath old pros.

Edit: I was reading some other replies and /u/zombarista has some great info there and does a lot more to explain some of the specifics of different grass species and soil acidity. 
Ya that's completely the work of the man behind the mower. Sucks it's burnt out like that because lines on the yard are really nice. 
That also makes me grateful for the fact I broke bones in my foot and they mistook it for a severe sprain, so they had me walking on a broken foot for 2 weeks. But not being able to walk. Fuk Dat.
I was in the ER to get a cast after breaking my wrist. The doc who came in said he just came from setting a guys leg. I didn't ask for more details because I imagined it would be something like you described. Made me grateful for my little hairline fracture.
To be fair that's the weakest I've seen the supporters section ever. I'm a union fan and sat with palace because that chance doesn't happen often. It's usually a lot better than that.
Sat away tonight with Palace for the first time and it was weird not being with the Union fans. I love both clubs. It was a weird evening. 

As far as trains and planes, welcome to Chester. At least it was the 8:30 and not the 5:15 I hear on the other side of the bridge that shakes my dorm.

Philly has a lot of cool stuff. Same with Chester. Also shame on Philly for no "who wears red to a union game? *assholes assholes*" chant. 
Yea I can't vouch for the rest of PA, but Delaware County doesn't have great roads. Media is okay, but the borough is a mess and road projects take forever. It's not too bad in the summer months, but come spring time, the roads are brutal. 
Lol. I guess as far as state roads go, but go on County or Township roads and it's pothole Pennsylvania. 
Guessing your in the Philly area? Because I can think of that scenario where it's more like 5 minutes you can be in a dangerous ghetto and 5 minutes down the road is a park and million dollar homes.
This is underrated. Shoo fly pie and scrapper is as Pennsylvania as it gets.

People don't understand how much of an infestation deer actually are until you live there and see several on a daily basis. Or when they run into your car. Which I've had happen twice. 
Cars love them too. Being from an area with a lot of tight, winding, hilly roads, you can tell when someone isn't from the area. 

Also a lot of fun to fly down the road with friends not from the area and watch them grip the seats wondering how the car is still on the road. 
Lightning bugs! So many memories as a kid going outside running around in the yard catching them. 

Oh the cicadas. Their shells still pop up every so often even after they burrowed years ago. 
Eagle scout from Pennsylvania. Resica falls was my troop's in council camp. I've been there at least 7 times and it's an amazing camp. Not just in terms of beauty, but from knowing a lot of the staff and being at other camps, there is a lot more scout/staff interaction at colors than at other camps. 

The guy who built the dining hall was the scoutmaster of my jamboree troop and the large fan in there was purchased from the big ass fan company. Completely serious. Sadly you can't hang up plaques anymore. Place used to be covered with them. As a cradle of liberty scout, I take a lot of pride in Resica and really hope you had a wonderful time at camp.
Delco born and raised. Walked into a sheetz once, felt gross and like I betrayed my heart. Waited until I got to a wawa
Ridley Creek state park is one of my favorites to go hiking in. Still holds true to what you say, so many nooks and crannies and you get a very intimate feeling with nature. It's part hiking, part exploring. 
I have to mention the historic parks of Pennsylvania that are near my home. Gettysburg is a gorgeous park and the staff is so knowledgeable. 

I also have to shout out Valley Forge. Gorgeous Park year round. Where the longest, continuous running scouting event is held every year in February, the being the Valley Forge Encampment. 104 years scouts have been camping in the park. I've been there at least 10 times for that event and the beauty is still breathtaking and so historic. 
They could probably do 1000, but I agree not many seats. 
This. Two early goals and they just relaxed. I don't know what happened with those goals, but it shouldn't have been that exciting of a finish. 

Kinda reminded me of the game against the Rochester Rhinos in the USOC run last year, boring game against a team that should've been beaten handily, but ended in PKs. 
I said the same thing. He shouldn't have had to make that and it shouldn't have been a game winner, but that was clutch. Beautiful strike. 
He dove. Hard. You get caught in the face, ow that hurts. 

I mean I'd say maybe had a reason to drop to a knee, but all of that is unnecessary. 
I remember watching a few games on it when it was OLN, just before it becoming versus. 
Yea those restrictions are based on laws that would be otherwise broken.

I mean I went to Seabase at 13, but it so happened that I would have been the minimum age of 14 on the cutoff date, but as a result we couldn't scuba because I was still too young. 
That bridge. One of my favorite images in RS. I used to have a photo of me standing on it, but my laptop died. 

Thanks for sharing these. 
Blade8137. 
I've got all the sagas done, thanks for telling me which one I need to do. 

I'll add snooby and pm you. 
Ahhhh, thank you. I'll have to go look up which one it is and play it over. 
What floors do you find those on? I'm 96 dg and can't say I've ever seen it. 

Also hey man how you been? 
This. NFL balls are just a pain because of the point. At least you know that a rugby ball will generally travel forward and not suddenly bounce backwards as frequently as an NFL ball might. 

It also seems like NFL players just try to fall on the ball with their body and worry about securing it 2nd, whereas the rugby players look like they try to secure the ball first before doing anything. 
Thank you. I've never used the one for the nature altar and only used the one for the summoning obelisk tele on dxp for 99.

I gave him that method simply because it looks like he wants to money make via nat running and abyss runs would take longer, albeit more xp.

I'll go fix that in my post. 
They are. Pure essence is roughly 20-30gp each, and nature runes trade at least 10x that amount. 

Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but it's the spirit larupia that gives the teleport right by the nature altar?

Edit: Someone corrected me because I was wrong. It's the spirit graahk that teleports near the nature altar.
I personally got 2 pieces just from maxing my followers on temple trekking. That was from my followers starting roughly between level 20-40ish. 

I also learned there are two kinds of the bridge events, one with the undead lumberjacks and one without. 
I played for 10 years and by no means was I great, but I certainly had improved and knew what to do by the time I stopped. 

Also, just go out to open hockey nights at your local rinks or take a learn to skate or learn to play hockey clinic. 
Yea I'm in this boat. It was a pain sometimes buying and selling things, but you got to talk to people. The GE was nice in that you didn't have to spend ages actively buying and selling, just put an offer in and walk away, but you lost that aspect of talking to people. 


ALL HAIL MEG. ALL HAIL MEG. ALL HAIL MEG CAN YOU SEE BY THE DAWN'S EARLY LIGHT. 
Luc what have you done ;/
About how long ago? I don't have basic cable anymore, but the Philly Fox station is Fox 29 on channel 13.