I had the apple watch since it first came out and it was my first time having something on my wrist everyday. but after joining this sub I started to really admire the design and quality of watches so I decided to get this seiko! love it so far. im already looking for my next watch. I fell in the watch trap.
I had the apple watch since it first came out and it was my first time having something on my wrist everyday. but after going this sub reddit I started to really admire work and quality of watches so I decided to get this seiko! love it so far. im already looking for my next watch. I fell in the watch trap. 
I just ordered this 3 days ago with a jubilee bracelet. Will be my 1st watch (other than Apple Watch) . I’m very excited. 
yes. that the why I can't get rid of Spotify. Apple Music search is so bad. I have to find the artist, then the album to find the song I want to play. 
$5k minimum for schwab intelligent portfolios. 
Schwab intelligent portfolios have a 5k minimum... 
Yea probably true, but it doesn’t hurt to invest only $5 a time? Why not? Yes it’s probably better to save for an emergency fund and wait till you get to 1000. once you get the hang of things move it to vanguard . Acrons isnt built for seasoned investors
But the biggest investment firms have huge minimums to start. at a young age acorns is very appealing. and user friendly . 
I am literally in same position as you. thanks for asking this question!

I couldn’t get verified on Gdax. But instantly on Coinbase. Plus it’s easier cuz it’s an app. to the newbies (like me) it’s just simpler. once I grow up And become a professional hodler I’ll use gdax 
I might doing loaf wallet then. as of now I just keep my coins on an exchange(I know that is heavily frowned upon/stupid here) but its just easy for me. plus I dont have anything worth hacking or care if I lose it
I’m kinda in the same place as you. Idc if I should buy a hardware wallet yet or not. $120 is kinda steep. But I hear Trevor and Nano s are the best. How do you like loaf wallet ? 
totally new this as well... so can I just do financing through Tesla? and not use a CU or bank? so when I get invited to configure my model 3, it will give me an option to finance through them? or is this not a good recommendation? I have good credit, not worried about getting a loan just the best/easy way to purchase
I totally agree with you. I am a total noob with how limit orders and stop orders and stuff like that. so coinbase is great for me for now. once I get more familiar both crypto and have more disposable income you can bet I will use GDAX. 
I think because when you buy on the
Coinbase app, it guarantees the buy/sell instead of on GDAX you have to put in an order. happens to me all the time. When you see LTC at 322 and when you want to buy. It will say like 329. Since I don’t plan on selling or day trading. I’ll pay the extra for convenience. 
LTC for the win
this has become a norm for them lately. even though I do not care as I just HODL and never sell. its still odd that this happens so conveniently 
yes,  can't wait till I get to that point where I do not care what the price will be in the future no matter how high
I literally just started doing this about 3 days ago... I caught the same bug 
I’ve been thinking about accepting BTC/LTC/ETH at my small restaurant. Seems simple just use my QR code?. even though my customers will most likely never use it or know what the hell it is, but it will bring exposure to it! 
got them in march with a 6 week wait, I love them. battery life is amazing. I just charge them randomly and I never been in a situation where I was like "man my AirPods are dead" I listen to more music now and it connects so easily and fast. if you love music its worth the $170 (with tax) I sometimes make calls with it and feels very freeing. 
mine wouldn't upload and I even tried using my web camera to take a picture of my ID. my webcam would turn on (the green light on my webcam came on) but the screen was completely dark. so I gave up
same.. but on GDAX I have to upload an ID to buy/sell
1 billion 
same. through their website and app 

coinbase app and website is down too
Nice
in at 11.16. I only got in at 5 shares (1st time stock buyer) and sooo glad I blindly love the company and held
that I am not sure.. but with Coinbase if you put money in your $USD wallet (may take 2-5 days from bank to transfer there) and you buy bitcoin with  the USD wallet you get it instantly, same with a credit card but higher fee. but you dont have to worry about limits and stop orders. since I am unfamiliar with what that exactly means id rather just stick with coinbase for now. so when you buy from GDAX you have to put an order . it may not be instant? I think. 
I didn't realize that.. makes sense. thanks for the insight!
this is the biggest reason why I chose coinbase order GDAX. im not familiar with limit order stop orders and all that... coinbase you simply buy. very easy but their fees are little higher so its a trade off. plus you can use the coinbase app to buy.
that is what I was thinking, or do it myself!
I am a business owner and recently wanted something nototaized but banks(where I usually go cuz its free) were closed. while googling where to get a a notary, mobile notaries came across but I couldn't find anything near me (Columbus Ohio). I woulda loved this! I think you will do well, most people dont know about mobile notary.
I was reading some reddit posts and someone said even on their GDAX platform the prices are cheaper. they say because coinbase guarantees the sell or buy so they raise or lower the price on coinbase app. it kinda makes sense. I guess thats the price we pay for ease and convenience 
im in the same place as you.. totally unexpericed in it and tried coinbase. their fees are little high, 1.5% but the ease and connivence of it make its okay with me. GDAX (owned by coinbase) has limit orders, fill orders , maker/taker fee? wayyyy to confusing me for now so I suggest coinbase to get you started
like for example, the market price on coinbase will be $467. then if I wanna sell it will say "sell ETH for $461."
is coinbase only good for buying coin? I am newbie and in the US, coinbase seems the best option for me?
im in the same boat as you.. just downloaded coinbase about 2 weeks ago and took 7 days to transfer! I bought $80 worth of bitcoin. im still VERY new to this crypto space and  slightly skeptical about coinbase. im unsure how their buy price is different than the market price? is that including their 1.5% fee? 
I like this, very cool. so basically it puts the LTC in your coinbase wallet and charges your coinbase the $1 month?
thats makes sense.. do you use coinbase? 
ive had an issue with this with every iOS... it sucks. sometimes I change the alarm ringtone and it works, but that only lasts for a couple months till I have ti change again 
same here.. first crypto user and saw coinbase was for the "noobs" and 9 days is FOREVER. so if I buy through A credit card I get it instantly? any other platforms easy and mobile friendly ?
I do Facebook ads for my restaurant, and sometimes the location switches to "United States". since you are local I'm assuming? make sure you change it to the specific city you want
And I do not see any boxes or questions marks...
So since I have 11.0.3 whenever I type people won’t see the characters? Only the people who have 11.1 produce them? Really confused here. all I know is I see those dam boxes and questions marks and I’m on 11.0.3 
I see it on twitter, here, and instgram, but not on Facebook. I'm on 11.0.3
I was surprised to see them on here as well! I just went to their store last week for the 1st time. I liked it
with the galaxy s8 "infinity display" all people care about now is less bezels so thats what apple is gonna push. face ID and the OLED screen are the big things and make the X special. 
I like the notch. id rather have it that way then the whole top flat. plus over the years apple will fit so much tech inside that "notch" and apps will get used made specifically for it
I personally use and love Chase Bank. had them since I was 15 (high School checking attached to parents checking). I loved how they will make a new card for you right at the branch and didn't have to wait 3-5 days for a new one, I think they recently discontinued that tho
I am mad at myself that i tried that... I know what it does, just to eager to find new shortcuts. 
has been happening to me in the notifications center. also my lockscreen sometimes doesn't show the time and shows 0 notifications. I am not in beta and never do beta versions. I'm on iOS 11.0.2
I just tried this. why doesn't apple push this?! this is AMAZING. THANKS OP!
my family (we are middle eastern) use WhatsApp like crazy, when my relatives send me stuff its through WhatsApp and they have iPhones... I was born and raised in the US so I'm all iMessage lol. its def more on other countries that WhatsApp is used and Viber 
I cannot recommend them enough. for a totally new product apple did amazing job. they just work very well. I didn't know how much id love it or need them, till I got them 
here is a link to do it online in your state! 
this is how I made my LLC for company, 
its very easy and straight forward. you just have to fill it out and it might be a fee. for me (I live in Ohio)  it was $125  

https://corp.sec.state.ma.us/corp/FilingForms/0801024.asp?stage=DataInput

less than 2 minutes lol thats the lavish life. is the S3 thinner than the S0? 
I started a wholesale distribution business.it was just me. I was 21 and naive. just to tell you it is VERY competitive and you are dealing with other companies way ahead of you and will have cheaper prices. 

I sold cell phone accessories, lighters, hats, and other stuff that you would see on a gas station/corner store counter. 

cons are margins. they are VERY LITTLE. you need sell high volume.
iits a cut throat biz, my customers didn't care about quality, loyalty or anything. all they cared about was price. its hard to compete with other businesses who have been working for years ahead of you. they will undercut me and/or lose money just so I won't go to that store again. 

you do need storage and a good location depending where your customers are. it would be great to offer your customers the choice to pick up products. or you plan on just shipping?

Pros- exactly what witbusiness  stated


to be successful you need cheap prices, and an exclusive product that only you have. 
im in the same boat. I love my 0, it does what I want it to do. it is slow but I don't mind it. I'm gonna wait till a slight design change I think
thanks for that information! since they are so new and paying high dividends, its making me cautious. even though I can comfortably lose the $500. I think ill pass on them for now and see how they will do in a couple years!
I also live in Ohio, and am going to risk it... just gotta be careful in downtown Columbus and Osu campus as my brother received a ticket for this reason. 
thanks for answering my questions!
I think I'm gonna pull the trigger on it. also I can always put more money into it right?
how easy is it to withdraw?
since you have been using for 12 months so far, would you recommend me using it? 1 am 24 years old and was thinking to get a "starter profile" which I can put $500 to start. and they waive the fees for the 1st year. I of course want returns but I am realistic. I'm not asking for 9%. 
so what does it do?
this has been happening for weeks in my notifications center but once I updated to ios11 its been back to normal 
yes. this is definitely what I'm gonna go with, I love the turbine wheels
oh definitely would. I just thought the location to put the car was interesting. I would think it would just be a tap near the steering wheel or something. 
this was posted earlier in the sub, 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Gy50Y_tZys&t=305s
great video, totally didn't know you had to out the card by the cup holders to turn on the car!
I'm thinking about getting the areo wheels on my 3 to save 1500 then buy the turbine wheels so I have 2 sets. would they fit on the 3? 
non owner- non employee, 4/1 reserve day from Ohio
all the same except standard battery is may-July 
I have a restaurant . and the best value I give my customers is by knowing them so I guess the secret is data! I have some customers that come literally 4-5 times a week which is amazing. they advertise my business by telling their friends. word of mouth is great. so how we do this is by the little things, we try to know customer by name, we listen to them, try to remember previous orders, (our POS system shows phone numbers and previous orders), we try to make it very easy for them to make an order and they feel like friends when they come in. just building a relationship with the customer! 
I pre ordered my Tesla model 3, April 1 2016 (pre orders started 3-31-16) my estimated delver is may-july 2018.
Wisebanyan! no fee and only $10 minimum, have been using them for over a year .
yes... I wish I used a blow dryer because I was in fact cleaning buttons for an hour. but I loved the wrap, easy install and looks great 
I have it in my BMW, it only shows MPH but when I have navigation its very useful as of now it is kind of a gimmick but I would like to have everything on my windshield and its not obstructive at all as I can change the brightness and height. that said, I can live without it
iPhone 7 plus, tbMBP, iPad mini 4, Apple TV gen 3, Apple Watch series 0, AirPods, iMac 
Touch ID on the back of the phone is a huge deal breaker for me
sadly, you are probably right.
I hope apple makes one for the 7 plus, I'm gonna wait for that 
I have the studio wireless and LOVE them. they connect super easy/fast. sound is amazing and they feel good on the ears Imo 
just recently got a 13in tMBP and LOVE it. I has a 2012 MBP non retina and loved it too but the space gray with touch bar is amazing. yea it might be a gimmick for now, but it will get better over time and I love that its making myself learn to use it like I got a new product not a updated one if that makes sense. 
have the model 3 for 3 years, then put it on the Tesla Network and get an S where hopefully that pays for my S. plus the Tesla Network is at least 5 years away i think, so its perfect timing !
Yea on one test drive I went on, they guy was very cool, he showed me some Easter eggs, and we went with the P85D with insane mode! I was 21 ! Just my recent test drive the guy just seemed like I was trying to buy a rolls Royce with a Honda budget. Idk
lol. yes buddy. if your job is to sell a product, you should know everything about it? 
snapchat isn't going anywhere. my younger brother and his friends brag about getting girls snapchats oppose to their numbers. thats the thing these young kids do now. after snapchat, then they get their number lol. snap is more way more personal then IG or Facebook. yes they can reach more people but i wouldn't just give my snapchat to anyone. i would to Facebook or IG
i know but they arnt even"excited" or anything they don't ask me questions like why do you like tesla, or what most do you want out your 3, why did you preorder. last week i had to show the guy how to do the sketch pad easter egg! he was the store manager!
yea, i was 21 when they allowed me to test drive a P85D with insane mode. they really don't care and are very happy to help. I've got may parents to test drive a model s, and every time i talk about model 3, they literally act like they don't hear me or care. they just say "oh okay" i guess maybe they don't want to spill the details or its part of the "anti selling" of the 3 
I'm assuming it's somewhat easy to install too, I gotta look more into that. Thanks for your help!! 
Yea it says "Macintosh HD" . So basically upgrading to the new MacBook won't do me any good? My laptop still works and gets the job done easy. It's just starts to lag, is slow opening stuff, battery life is HORRIBLE not even a full day. 
Interesting, I'll look into that. I'm not very hardware tech savvy tho . Also I don't have retina screen. I'm really trying to justify why to spend for the new MacBook lol 
Sad that I do not know 100% but i have 4GB memory, 1600mHz DDR3 
Never heard of this... maybe I should try it. Easy to do and everything would be the same? I have a 2012 MacBook and itching for a new 2016 MacBook, maybe this fix will hold me off! 
make a new account? like a new icloud? 
replying to text messages 
every few months, yelp calls me and asks me to be on their premium listing and its like 300 a month 6 month contract, i keep telling them no i don't want to its way too much and after i say no they try tell me how dumb i am and how my business will fail because other business near me is doing it, tell me statistics of how it will work blah blah. i hate them 
im in the same boat as you. just graduted college and this will be my first "big boy" purchase. and i plan on having for a LONG time
i have been using Wisebanyan for a little longer than a year and i have a 9% return thus far, but I've set it up aggressively. any ideas on this company? i don't see a lot of stuff about them 
same thing happened to me. the salesman asked me "well how much do you want your payments to be each month" most people get fooled by this paying close to 15% APR for like 84 months. 
i used to take my jail broken iPod touch to apple and they would replace it, they even upgraded me in storage too. granted i knew the guy who worked at apple, but very barely. he was a customer at a gas station i worked at and we talked here and there. 
yea after i got used to it and i see a friends phone without it on, its such an eye sore. 
same here. iOS does a good job of this already. i never kill apps unless it freezes up or something. 
don't know why i never thought of this.. they really should do this for the holidays! great PR
after realizing this... i have NEVER once in my life washed my new clothes first before wearing them and i think i should have. I'm sure I'm not the only one 
i use this and love it, but i hate that i have to turn it on everytime. I'm just being selfish but I'm used to it. and connects very easily
no idea but i hate it. i ordered jan 13 from the apple store and still haven't received mine 
i hope tesla offers a red leather option. my dream configuration would be white exterior, red interior, black rims. 
actually been emailing a tesla representative back and fourth and asked of i could see a few CPOs in person and he said that is possible but some are out on loaners for customers getting their cars serviced, so it looks like the CPOs are loaners as well
yea, i visited a tesla store (Columbus ohio) and have seen this video about  3 weeks ago
i love naked iPhones. i have the same phone too. i just use a very thin case because I'm afraid of the blemishes but after like 8 months or less i go careless and embrace the scratches
yes... i got the 7plus because it wasnt just a iPhone stretched out. 
my friend used to work at the nordstrom store and said the rack has the same exact products. its stuff that doesn't move fast or sell so they put it at the rack. thats what he told me at least
i am a bmw owner and can't wait to be part of the tesla family. every time i get my car serviced i always mention I'm getting a model 3. i hate bmw employees tbh 
23 years old
live with parents 
drive a 2011 BMW 535i
own a restaurant
down payment $10k (hopefully)
reserved 4-1-16

i honestly expect my model 3 march 2018 so i have a good amount time to save. i also think my model 3 will cost 45k with options without tax. 



me three
exactly this. so you cant see their stuff anymore. and rarely people even notice this happned so they dont feel bad
i was 21 when i test drove a P85! (23 now). just be cool and straight up with them. i even went with my younger brother who was 19. 
i downloaded google photos solely for this
yea i see toucher to be really useful on the future, it will take time. i do agree right now, its kind of lame/gimmick. 
tbh im not familiar with the tech talk and CPU. but i do agree they should lower the price of the new Pros since it isn't significantly updated. what else would you want in the new Pro out of curiosity? i have a 2011 MacBook pro and this thing is still running great and I'm completely fine with it, and i can only imagine the 2016 is wayyyy better.
i agree. you can't expect apple to act like a start up. and we expect way too much of apple. we expect a new a ground breaking product every year and thats not fair to apple IMO
i hear such great reviews about these. but once i tried on the air pods, i instantly had to have them and ordered on the spot. 
i hope thats the case! i ordered from the apple store
well this sucks.. i live in columbus ohio and walked in tried on a pair and instantly needed to buy some. so i ordered them and expected ship date is march 4th :/
great find!

i will be watching it, I've been seeing a lot of ads all over my social media, i am interested to see the hype, but by no means i plan on reserving one. 
i have a friend who has a iPhone 7 plus and keeps his on lower power mode 24/7 and his battery still gets drained? is this a good idea? random i know
yea i see what you mean, as advertised i think it was 14 hours of usage? i doubt that, but i came from a 6, and I'm more than impressed so far. this is the first plus i had so of course the plus has a bigger battery than a regular 6 or 7
i am on 10.2, on 10.1 i have noticed the battery life was not as good. 10.2 might have fixed it! also on nightshift mode and screen brightness is at automatic. 90% of my phone is on wifi, unless I'm driving then its on LTE
i came from a iPhone 6, the 7 plus battery is amazing. 
i took my phone off charge at 10am, its 5:17 right now and my battery is at 73%
my usage is 4 hr 58 min
standby time 6 hr 57

idk if this helps but i really do have amazing battery life on this thing and I'm on snapchat/twitter/spotify/bank apps all the time. no games really. 

except today i was busy so i wasn't on my phone but my 6 would be at 20% 

we need bigger 3D printers
this is the deciding factor if i buy the AirPods

peasants built the great pyramids. us peasants will unite and be proud
2. i might go up to 3 just to feel something new. i feel that 2 is the closest to a button
matte black! but as i see other 7 plus in different colors i really like how it looks with the dual camera cut out and how it stands out. the matte black kinda just blends in. 
i plan on putting it on the fleet maybe 3-5 years after ownership and have it strictly for that. and then at the point i will get the new model S. thats my plan at least!
YES just the other day i was thinking where to get these!
mine didn't have a moon roof, but my o2 sensor went out ($700), and bushings were messed up like every time i braked my front wheels will shake. and that was about $2k to fix from like a local mechanic not a dealership. 
i got rid of mine after 115k miles.... i see your pain lol. 
honesty yea that true. i only use it when I'm bored which are in places where it can't work
beautiful. my first car was a 2004 325i and fell in love with BMW ever since!
i love it too. but i barely find a good chance to actually use it because I'm either "too close" "not enough lighting". but when it works its amazing. I'm excited to see it actually being perfected and out of beta. it was the whole reason why i got plus. 
first world problems
the goal of getting rid of the headphone jack to push wireless headphones which i think is better? once there are more products on the market without the jack, bluetooth will obviously get better. you don't really expect to have wired headphones forever?
My matte black is starting to show some signs of use, the back is showing small stuff marks, and my screen has very small hair line scratches. All very unnoctiable unless you try to find it but still. 
Same... The new watch doesn't interest me one bit
Ive been up since 10am, (its 1:04 as i write this) my gen 1 is at 91%something must be wring with your battery
I'm using this one too! we just become best friends 
anything that is free, the users are the products. 
yea... i remember doing this in elementary school on the original iMac (the ones that came in cool colors)
airpods will have sound quality similar to beats x? or more of EarPods. I'm interested in the airpods but if the sound quality is the same as EarPods, now way ill consider them
yup. it will show as read, then it will go back to delivered after i certain time or when i exit messages. I'm glad I'm not the only one having this issue
i am using just gmail. i have tried inbox and kinda liked it but i was afraid of missing some emails by over looking them or categorized wrong. now with the new gmail update i might give inbox another try. what foo you like most about inbox? 
i bought a case very similar to Peel for .99 cents. on ali express 
gmail! 
LOL. 
I love playing just pressing the home "button" because it feels so real! The taptic engine really is amazing. My only concern is once i wear gloves this winter how it will work, if i have to keep taking them off just for it it will get annoying 
I had the 6 and upgraded to the 7 plus and i am beyond happy. Battery life is amazing, and its very fast. Hearing about the 8 rumors kinda bummed me out but i really didn't want to wait that long
nooooo 
i see this on my Facebook timeline all the time as a sponsored ad, and that turns me off from it immediately. cool idea cuz i hate how battery cases make the phone longer though 
i am very confused yes lol. but then again i expected a different design for the 7, not just move the antenna bands. the 7 should have been the 6s. 
nope. everytime you turn your car on you must turn it on too. also you have to charge it... luckily in my console i have a USB where i just keep it plugged in all the time so it doesn't effect me
i have an accountant that charges me $125 a month he does my taxes and other tax related stuff for this fee and sends me the payroll sheet where it shows all the taxes taken out how many hours they worked etc. and then i  just pay the employees cash. hopefully this helps.  
i see what your saying. at least we can see an improvement with force touch over the years. of course it isn't groundbreaking, but i could see it being very widely used/needed
we thought force touch on the iPhone was a gimmick but now its quite useful. just give it time I'm sure touch bar will become very useful and an important piece on future MacBooks 
exactly... i saw him in columbus ohio i really wanted him to go on a rant. oh well, still amazing concert
Yup. I remember the holidays when the ipod touch came out. The holidays felt magical. Definitely the most money my family spent in that era. 
Bought this for my car. Love it. Connects perfectly fast 9/10 times. Sometimes it takes like 40 seconds to connect but i am very happy with it overall 
coming from a bmw too, really exited to have a tesla
yea thats true. id say its the best iPhone IMO but it isn't groundbreaking. ill say the jump to iPhone 4-5 was amazing. the design is still beautiful. 
exactly. also love how fast and smooth the iPhone 7 is. 
lol my buddy had the plus when had the regular 6 as well and i liked playing with it. but I'm glad the 7 plus is actually different than the regular 7 now. dual camera and 3gb RAM. instead of just a bigger screen 
yup. thats the  exact reason i went to the 7plus. i love it. at first i wasn't expecting to love it as much but after a month use I'm impressed. 
i have the 7plus. upgraded from an 6. so far love it. its incredibly faster and battery life is amazing. the reason i went with the plus is because i had to "feel" like i got a new phone. i got used to the size after a day. although it is kinda big for my pockets sometimes. i wouldn't go back to a previous phone. portrait mode is nice. but it isnt as good as some pics you might see. you need to be in a perfect distance and have great lighting. its not point and shoot.  
well this really sucks... do you think apple will unthrotttle us? i have verizon. and as consumers theres really nothin we can do?
exactly what i have! love the feel of it. never dropped it but it feels safe enough where the screen wont crack from a decent distance
not saying your wrong, but I've heard as well that iPhones do not have gorilla glass
I would suggest take it to apple. But make sure your background app refresh is only on for the apps you want it to be on, low brightness, and if your phone is constantly searching for LTE like you have low to no service that drains the battery as well 
I would try a restore. If that doesn't work take it to apple
Pm
mine says twitter 46% and snapchat 16%. 
yea something is wrong. i am a heavy user. twitter/instagram/spotify a lot. snapchat here and there and Facebook maybe once or twice a day. for example i woke up at 10am and I'm at 24% battery at 6:11. my iPhone 6 would be dead by 3:00. stand by time is incredible. 
https://dbrand.com
care to let me swagger jack you and link me? 
mee to. i am a very minimal. every month or so ill go completely cases-less cut i love the iPhone design and feel and the case ruins it no matter what case you have. still haven't found a case i can use for longer than 3-4 months lol 
same problem i had with my iPhone 6. when i went to apple the employee went to safari and typed it some weird URL and it showed battery diagnostics 
is the apple battery case better than say morphie? i had a morphie ultra on my 6. i liked it but just as all my other cases after 2-3 months i get a new case lol. 
so after the 1000 miles is up you get charged,  how does that work? do they bill you? or pay at the supercharger? 
Ordered mine 4/1/16 and im expecting it spring 2018. But if it is later than that i will be a little pissed. 
Oh wow... 19 so you were opening a new credit on average 3 times a year? Doesn't that hurt your credit score since they kept doing a hard pull? 
for my age i feel that it is? most people my age have none to maybe 2. 
well said. i have the first apple watch. love it, cant leave the house without or if i do i feel naked. i look at is a $400 iPhone accessory. you  do not need it, its expensive for what it is, but once you have it you'd love it. 
i think i might getting an apple leather case for this reason. i hate how much lint and dust gets in the case DAILY. 
the apple ecosystem. everything is just easier to use and simple. the LGv20 might be able to do more and have better specs if thats what your looking for. really depends on what use the phone for. and apps are usually on the app store and updated first so thats a plus
pretty much. if you wanna be "rich" you have to own the the labor. because no matter how much you make in accounting, the owner will be making more and the more you make the more the owner makes. 
very smart of you to be asking about this already! basically save save save. I'm sure eventually you'll want to go to college. i had about 3k saved up in high school. it was very nice to have that cushion for whenever i needed it. what helped me was having 2 savings. 1 saving where i didn't touch at all (bank). and another saving where i put money away for purchases like your printer/laptop and once i bought it id just restart. 
im a senior in college (23) as well and have 5 credit cards... 3 i don't use at all. hidden away. and only 2 i use moderately. i only reason i have "a lot" is just to build credit cuz having more accounts helps? thats what credit karma says. i woulda kept the limit at 1500 and treat it like a $500 limit to help your utilization. but pretty much like other said, don't keep a balance, use only what you can afford. interest catches up quick. 
not quite
Damn... i didn't get charged till my phone was shipped. $80 taxes. I traded in my iPhone 6 64GB and they gave me $650 for it. Once my 7+ came i went to verizon and gave them my 6. Overall i was very satisfied with how it went. Good luck!
i ordered my matte black 7+ from verizon on 9/22/16 and it had an estimated ship date of 11/16/16 (jet black was 11/30/16) i got my phone 10/19/16. you most likely wont wait that long. 
and the daily mix too. amazing
incipio matte black case for my 7+ love incipio
went from a 6, to a 7+. highly recommend the the 7+. if you get the 7 you'll feel like you essentially got the same phone.  
exactly what i did. my dad sees tesla as a glorified golf cart, and says "ill never buy a car without an engine" made a test drive for him (luckily they let us test drive a P90D) now he brags about Telsa to his friends. 
bmw drivers don't use turn signals its in the handbook
i think its a bmw. i have a 2011 535 and this looks identical. 
i used to have a 6 and since the 6 and 7 look exactly the same i opted for the 7 plus so it feels like i got a new phone. so far love it. battery is amazing, and got used to the size after one day. dual camera system is cool not groundbreaking. and definitely get the 128GB. 
interesting. i have no idea what a dac is lol. but is there current lightning headphones that have a dac 
yup had this issue. hated it. my 5 had this issue and almost 100% of the times it will die at 10-20% my 6 did this about once a month. i took it to apple and they did a "battery check" through safari and said my battery was health and good working condition.
my 6 used to have this issue whenever my hands were just a little bit sweaty it wouldn't work at all. but my 7+ Touch ID is honestly amazing, works amazing sometimes too fast. never have that issue
yea i use the lightning headphones and i bought this aux/bluetooth adapter from amazon for $20 and it connects super easy just have to turn it on. so thix headphone jack apocalypse hasn't effected me really. 
me too... lol 
what benefits would their be?
same what i did. 6 to 7+. LOVE it deff worth it for battery alone. I'm on my phone a lot so I'm happy. did have a couple of AUX incidents where i couldn't play music but i just laughed it off and said oh well. its bound to happen and one company has to make the change to actually push it so oh well. 
i own a pizza shop, and those people are 100% either taking the tips at the end of the day or just  not putting it in. when a customer comes in and the total is $20 and they add $2.00 tip the new total is $22 and that is what the customer will be charged IF you type it in the register/credit card machine. as advice idk what to really say since they seem like they will just lie to you anyways or if you wanna quit be a savage and when a customer gives you a  credit card tip say the owners/managers steal the credit tip and maybe the customer will give them a bad review on yelp google etc and then they will hopefully stop. 
i would too but then wait extra 1.5 years for the model Y :(
same... i have probably 3-5GB of messages. 
yes. i have apple music and spotify. i pay $4.99 each (student discount) but man spotify playlists are on point. and now with their daily mixes, it awesome. apple music isn't close. 
the touch ID on the 7plus is amazingly fast. love the new home "button" crazy how it feels like a real button. prob my fav feature of the 7
yup. came from a 6 as well. the size is very normal to me now. 
or the model 3 picks someone up while its on its way and you actually get paid for delivery? 
This is probably irrelevant, but I ordered a matte black 128GB iPhone 7 plus through Verizon  on 9/22 and it had an estimated ship date of 11/16. I am receiving the phone today. 
http://www.ebay.com/itm/272362671951
look into this! spigen gets a lot of love on here
Aaaaaaaaaand I'm getting my model 3 white
That makes sense! Just confused me for a bit
 i have a 2011 535i and my angel eyes are white/upgraded? definitely not goldish looking. thought all F10s came like that 
look into wisebanyan. i use them love it so far. and it literally is free, no fees, or commission !
thats weird... i got the same exact app offered free about a week ago lol 
i have found that snapchat being a lot slower too since the update, but my 6 runs nicely with ios10 but without force touch it sucks. ios10 really makes you want that 
i was 22 when they let me test drive a model s, it was a 2015 P85D too. they were very cool about it and i was with my younger brother, i did tell them i was very interested in tesla as i own a bmw right now and now pre ordered the model 3!
is this hissing very noticeable? for example in class when its quite would i be able to hear it? or i have to put it by my ear when its dead quiet and looking to hear it ?
yes. 70% of the time Touch ID doesn't work for me swell. and its a recent problem too. its very annoying 
my first tesla was a hot wheels roadster at a grocery store as well. a red one. I'm still trying to find a model s one
i agree. i love the iMessage games. i can't wait till more developers make more games it
i have an iPhone 6 and i totally agree. my phone has been running faster since ios10.i really think its the best iOS so far. but i am itching bad for 3D touch now because of it. 
the E46 (2004 325i) was my first BMW and that made me fall in love with bmw. congrats and enjoy man! you will love it and truly understand what bmw means when they say "the ultimate driving machine" 
i have a 6, and ios10 is actually a little faster, and also this update makes me want 3D touch so bad now. ios9 i can care less for it 
interesting, couple weeks ago i tried to up my credit limit (AMEX) to 9000, from 7200. they declined me lol 
i am in the same exactly situation as you. iPhone 6 64gb on verizon and once the 7 comes out ill be able to trade my phone and get the 7 with my bill staying the same if i don't up my storage or get the plus. i most likely will upgrade. id like to have 3d touch. BUT if the 7 doesn't have any new substantial feature than the 6s (waterproof wireless charge, etc) ill prob just get the 6s and wait for the 10th aniversey iPhone if the rumors are correct on that being the better iPhone

ordered mine 4/1/16 at like midnight and received the gift about 3 weeks ago (columbus ohio)
That's an interesting idea I think. Can be a good revenue stream for tesla. I buy apps on my phone why not in the car? 
I just took this survey! The questions were not very personal at all. Basically how you feel/like about tesla and EVs. They do ask for the PDF file tesla send to prove that you pre ordered a mode 3 though. But they say make sure it doesn't have personal info on it like the reservation number. 
Is there a link to buy the case you designed? 
I just got mine 2 days ago! (Pre ordered 4-1-16 Columbus Ohio) these were a lot bigger than I expected! 
i didn't get mine. i pre ordered 4/1/16. will i get one? i would love to have this!

if the model 3 ends up looking like a hatch like the nissan leaf, or bmw i3, i will retract my deposit. 
i live in ohio, and when i voted in the ohio primary, it was very simple for me. i went to the polling place, showed my ID, and went to the computer to cast. like you said, maybe a 5 minute process 
pretty much. personally i get a new device every 2 years. like i got the iPhone 6,(skip the 6s) and ill get the iPhone 7, and so on.
That's what I'm gonna do. I got lucky and found one on eBay for 130. But if i ever see some used BMW  rims/tires I'm going to buy them for peace of mind 
yes i plan on this summer!
thanks mate
nexen N3000 which the company doesn't even make anymore so its super hard to find specially for 20in
a bmw being on a tow bed is very typical, regardless of the reason :/
TSW mallory 6 i think? i forgot. 20in 10in width in the back 8.5 width in the front
very silly actually, as you can tell i have after market wheels and tires and the F10 doesn't come with a spare tire because it has run flats.... and i got a flat tire. LOL
like real money or just for fun a game? 
try "adventure capitalist" and "billionaire" i play these regularly when i am bored
its auto pilot, not driverless. you still have to pay attention while driving. you can still easily override the cars decision making. 
i really hate verizon too. I'm suffering the same problems too. i want to leave so bad but i never had problems with serivce reception or data being slow. thats the only thing holding me back
i watched the live reveal and musk said that. its for close/tight parking spots. the model x can basically park in-between cars and still open the falcon doors with ease. this way the doors don't hit the car next to it. [like this](http://beforeitsnews.com/motor-junkies/2015/09/watch-model-x-falcon-wing-doors-open-in-tight-parking-space-2519078.html)
the falcon doors are operated on two hinges compared to one with the gull-wing doors. falcon doors can move horizontal and vertical. thats the key differences between them
i live there currently. i love the location. the apartment itself is nice and decent. the only thing is be careful who you lease from, since most of the apartments are managed by a company. my apartment is managed by "sterling property management" and i heard bad reviews from them and so far i don't like them. they take like a week to get stuff done and really don't care about your problems. and yes every floor smells very different its weird. 
a motorcycle is also a fraction of the weight
i did :( then i read your comment and face palmed myself. 
love the tesla home battery. once people get hip to it and solar panels become more common, this will be HUGE. 
uber is testing autonomous cars already. 
great article. i pre ordered the watch to boost productivity. i like how you mentioned that and I'm glad it works well for that purpose. thats what i was hoping for
do they make the Borla ATAK for a f10 535? website says 335i and m3 models. or would the 335i fit mine?
you truly found a gem
its a required taste. i see what you mean though. 
thanks! thats exactly what I'm looking for, quiet mostly but loud when i want it to be. 

EDIT: http://imgur.com/0OWBTSw pic with cleaner rims
http://imgur.com/0OWBTSw  better pic with cleaner rims
http://imgur.com/0OWBTSw  heres another pic with the rims clean
they are just super dirty and
i do like the black and black look. i know it takes away from the bmws look a little bit as some people have mixed reviews of the black on black. i think I'm going to get rid of the black emblem and keep that stock 
columbus! and thanks man
nothing is plasti dip on the car expect my kidney grill. the rims are extremely dirty
thanks! and the tints are first priority
they are curbed :(
interesting, i like that idea of straight pipes. coilovers a hefty price tag on these?
definitely going to tint it. i love my wheels they are dirty in the picture so it doesn't give it justice. but thanks! i might do the black out side indicators!
i bought a macbook pro 3 years ago with apple care and i never had a problem once. works like a charm other than battery not last as long as it was when it was brand new but thats expected. personally i would buy apple care just in case anything goes wrong. repairs are usually expensive and if something ever goes wrong with my laptop I'm not worried about the money to fix it. 
i test drove a P85d too. that thing is a beast. insane mode is insane. 
i have it. only had it for a month so far. i don't have any complains, i like it and I'm not an investor by any means so i thought it was a goo idea to start young. 
my cat purposely takes a dump right after i clean the box. he watches me clean it too. 
idk, i just think that a button would be easier? instead of getting the phone out of your pocket, unlocking your phone, go to the app, and then click buy. yea that probably only takes 30 seconds but the button bypasses all that. 
i think thats what its meant for. stuff you'll NEED with a brand loyalty, like gatorade, deodorant, toilet paper, coffee, maybe water? things that you consume everyday and buy in bulk. 
think about in the long term future. imagine just pushing a button and something getting shipped to you. i think its a very cool idea. I'm glad amazon is taking a step to change how we buy stuff. 
zedd and elon were also tweeting each other after.(not important just saying)
nope i have not. ill check it out and like it. whats the username

i heard the interview. i think what elon was trying to say was that we humans will become obsolete in a way since AI can learn faster than us and a faster rate and well basically be dumb. i mean who knows what the goal of AI is? the goal for human life is happiness? idk
oh i see. thanks. kudos on the pic. i really enjoy just looking at it. thanks for taking it!
is this actually one shot? or multiple pics to make one? very cool picture
can't agree more. i used to pirate all my music but since i subscribed to spotify i have no need to do that anymore. specially since i can listen offline. i even ditched iTunes and my music player. spotify 100%
that analogy is perfect! thank you
ohhh i see. so the data will be used up insanely fast. thanks for clarifying! so the tech is there its just up to networks to unleash caps. 
I'm from ohio (United States) so basically for example, 8GB of Data of 4g LTE uses more data than 8GB on 3g network?
data caps meaning like having unlimited data on plan? t mobile has unlimited data. or is not truly unlimited? just confused on the data caps meaning
it very obvious to me that i see black and blue! i don't know man i don't know how people see it the other way. invert the photo, do you see black and blue then? you must see a different color scheme
okay, honestly do people really see the dress white and gold? its 100% black and blue. if you invert the photo (turn the picture negative) the original photo, it turns into white and gold. 
i have a LG smart Tv and it randomly does it to me. my parents have a samsung smart TV and it never asks for a login. (knock on wood)
congrats man. only 17k miles too, she's still new
you tell me what movie this is RIGHT NOW
i did the same... just noticed this nooooooo
its a price we pay to use these "free" services. google, Facebook, youtube, twitter, etc. all free but ads are what pay for us to use them we are the product and they sell us. imagine if we had to pay for all the free services. I'm not a huge fan of these companies harvesting our data and selling it either but what other option is there. pay for it all ??
personally i do not see anything wrong with uber. if its cheaper, and better for consumers, let it happen. taxis are are afraid to evolve. 
what price range you guys think this will come out as? 
good for page and brin. they know what they are doing from the start
i hate cases too. I'm with you on appreciating the beauty of the phone. does apple care+ cover accidental damage? and how much does it cost? 
oh i see. what did the + do? like what extra features did it add.
i saw another car that has the + too. 
thanks for clarifying! does musk have any investment? or is it basically his idea but he has nothing to do with it
so this isn't Musk's hyperloop. or it is, just he's not as involved. just to clear, there in only one hyperloop in the making? or is musk making one. just a bit confused
thats a quality black D right there
you just sold me! 
I've become obsesed with tesla too that so much when my friends and family see tesla they associate it with me. I'm not complain either! i vow to own one day 
and the iPad. basically steve jobs era. i still love them as i am a macbook, iPad, and iPhone user. but hey lets see what tim cook does. apple pay and apple watch can be promising maybe. also am i just trying to make stupid connections or is apple getting rid of the "i" in their products? like apple pay, apple watch?
i agree. apple just made it better (matter of opinion) and main stream. to be honest apple can make shit on a stick and it will sell, and they will be the "first" to do it
this is not flattery, this is theft- john ive
nah man no harm. i need to be corrected! :)
thank you! i know they do the same thing, but there are some small technology difference between them 
no worries brah!
alrighty then ;(
i don't think i have either. they were fun
the ones that came with the car lol. stock. 2004 E46 RWD with sport package. if i remember i think they were "ZR" rated tires
guys I'm pretty sure its different technology 
i had a E46, normal tires and in the snow was the worst but in the other 10 months it made it worth it. still my favorite BMW of all time. 
xi is AWD all the time while x-drive is mostly RWD but adds power to any wheel needing help. i think. any one care to confirm?
congrats man. should be a fun little (or big) project. 
good to know thanks!
like you said man, its social problems. they were raised like that. before seeing a gay person back in the day was not the norm and seen "weird". go to an arab country that isn't week developed and mostly not as educated and tell them your gay. or ask about what they think about gays.  i was born and raised in the US and i don't see anything wrong with it. i believe gays should have the same rights. i do not see why they shouldn't. were all humans.  
in russia they look at homsexuality as a sickness. for example, some of my relatives, (arabic born and raised) when they think of gay people they look at as there is something wrong in their head. they don't care for their rights its more of a mental issue 
ahh i see. thanks for answering. and the leaf, was the range sufficient enough for your daily driving needs? i drove a leaf and i actually thought it wasn't bad. its just way too ugly for me, i wish they made it more towards the sentra or something
congrats man! i hope when i am 29 i get a tesla! 
hey this may be an odd question but what made you go from a leaf to a tesla p85d? leaf is at most 50k and the tesla that your ordering is about $125k? thats a substantial difference. so basically I'm saying did you purchase the leaf sole on the Zero emissions good for the environment, etc?
is it easy to change? because I'm planning getting the 6 in january. ill pay $7. because its just so annoying 
i am really surprised that Tmobile eco gets paid that high. 
yes. i have an iPhone 5 and the same is happening to me. ill have 30% battery left and my battery will die. then like you said my battery will automatically go up after i charge it for a second. unfortunately my phone isn't in the battery replacement. you can google it and type your serial number to see if you qualify 
zukerburg is a smart dude. he even learned mandarin chinese. he's married to a chinese women he will get Facebook to china. 
i saw this a while ago and did some research on it to see if it s real because obviously i want to get one when i have kids. they only made and was made for a royal family i think
okay lets see her do it with no hands
looks really nice. how did you screen print it
you s are the man! thanks
who is this guy? some one please link me to his other videos

Tis the season
ahhhh i see. i love these 50/50!
my prof also said that of no one in their class submits an SEI, they won't get a raise for 5 years. 
hey Arnold!
WAIT I 100% saw KIM, then the second time i saw the wheel chair? WHAT THE FUCK
i never put my phone on airplane mode. honestly how bad is this?
before i get slandered, does the 2011 535i have a flashlight or a charge port in the glove box? my E46 did and when i first discovered it was like i was in candy land
take my money
never hear of tactus, but that seems very cool !  Thanks for that. i wonder how they will make that into large scale?
i love the dash of tesla. if i wanted to design a car i would make exactly like that, i giant touch screen. very futuristic 
Gmail. i love it i manage 2 accounts on it. and gmail separates spam, promotional, and social emails. so i only get the emails that really matter in my inbox
used P3XA6XPM69TM. THANKS
i wish in america dash cams were popular 
with a diet coke
what photoshop do you use? i would like to do this prank to my friends as well. brilliant idea
exactly is real troops may not be in gaza but they control it. even the air space. they know and control what goes in and out. thats why the gazans make underground tunnels
i notice that? it happened to me and i thought my phone was fucking up. cool feature 
i can answer #2 for i had the same problem

go to the contact and edit it. change to "iPhone" instead of "mobile".

find my iPhone is good app to download just in case you lose your phone.

i personally don't use the default mail app. i just think its old and plan. i love the gmail app because you can have multiple accounts on it.

you'll love imessage. and i think iPhone is so much simpler than android. you might love or hate that.

welcome to the team!
life is nothing boring. people are attached to their phones and social media because they gain interaction from more than 1 person. 
whats 9 + 10? 
all in agreement for the driver to hand over his badge and keys?
surprised no one stole it

i agree. he was basically forced to make it free. for the reason to be relevant.  i personally use google doc and sheets on my iPad because its free, and it works fine for me. but now since office is free of iOS and Android. I'm going to download it and most likely use that as my go-to. and who knows what if i get sucked in and buy a surface and a windows phone in the long run lol (highly doubt it). but like you said. if it becomes a good move
wow, i guess I'm lucky. i have an exam on wednesday and since carmen isn't working, and all our study materials are there, he made our a exam next monday!!
cool ill see the upcoming video! was this expensive, parts and labor? you don't have to go into specifics on price but just ball park
thats nice of them to cover that tree.
i love the deep sound. and specially the idle. its not obnoxious at all. I'm going to look into this brand. hopefully they make it for a 2011 535i
i actually enjoy it. i am not as active as i once was. maybe 1 time day at most. so i join a clan just to be in one and to sometimes have troops in my clan castle. so i get kicked out because i am not active enough. so i get excited to go on the global chat to see people fight for me lol. 
nice choice for your first car! you will fall in love with BMW now, as i did with my first car (2004 325i) also super clean !
okay for a noob like me, what does this mean? it seems very intriguing. basically what can this do that my laptop or desktop doesn't already do, or an example of what "The Machine" can do
did you see the cat? that was my favorite

this is cool, but what was the point of it lol
so basically, the law can make you give up files inside your phone, but not the password that protects the files?
great point. can they also force you to give up passcode with a warrant?
the reddit app, and formally alien blue doesn't work for me? it keeps saying can't connect to the server? any help please?
this is a new game to me, i don't think ill ever get to play it :(
i hope it doesn't. it seems cool. but then again I'm not too familiar with it? so basically its a phone that we (consumers) can buy and build to customize ourselves ?
i see one at at my university garage parking lot everyday! quite the scene. BMW is making art, not cars
a new natural way to get a belt burn instead of the traditional rug burn
i went to paris on vacation, and we went to mcdonalds as a family. that shit costed 80 euros! crazy to think that mcdonalds is seen as a high end food place there
if she's 60, I'm 60
you must read this in his voice
yea i miss myspace omg
THANKS!

really? even if its out of warranty? and how can i find out

foe me I've seen some great battery life and horrible batter life. on wifi i feel the battery is lasting longer but on LTE it drains the battery a lot quicker. and also my batter dies at 20-30% almost every time. anybody know why? been happening with ios7 too. 

id still upgrade to ios8
my honest opinion, i love apple phones and the ecosystem. specially with the easy syncing between my iPad macbook and iPhone. BUT i question myself everyday that i want to switch because i feel they are not advancing fast enough compared to other phones. i feel like I'm just buying the same phone over and over. and for some reason i stay with apple? i might be in the same situation as you. and to be honest i might get the iPhone 6. don't know why. apple sucked me in.

i love you! thanks man
I'm jealous too. just to find one with decent milage like that is rare. 
he's good. i hope he's not just a one song guy 
mine has been doing that but after my battery died it went back to normal, i have swype
I've seen people say swiftkey is better than swype and visa versa. personally i use swipe and love it. i feel it works very good for me. 
think so. he put in the description to tweet the video to him
love your halos
oh yea, he knows the compliments haha. i showed a buddy of mine, it took him a while to get it, but once he did he loved it
quite genius. 
i went to school in ohio, and it was called "heads up 7up" as well. only name we knew it as
anybody else automatically say "Shakira, Skakira" in wyclef Jean's voice?
so you buy a brand new BMW and they will give you it? that simple?
how do you get these!?
nope i like them a lot. i got the osu edition free runs.
[i posted a link with the same question hopefully the comments help!](http://www.reddit.com/r/BMW/comments/239yb2/bimmer_not_beemer_right/)
im a palestinian and i love what your doing. i visit ramallah every two years or so. so my question, was it hard or difficult to make a gaming studio in Palestine? and also is your company widely known in Palestine, like do the people understand and know what your company is about. or is still fresh and new?
thats just a coincidence...
im a dry guy
nice. personally love the E46. love the halos too. you will enjoy this 
i like it. its exactly like someone said. a baby x6. i saw one at a dealership with a 60K MSRP. hopefully they drop in price the X6 and  get one for 40K in a couple years. then WELL worth it
i just made this clan and is leader. i have some school friends in it so i don't really wanna leave. sorry. but if my clan falls through which i hope it doesn't, i would love to join
you are welcome to join my clan if you'd like. its "majestic cobras" its invite only right now but ill change for a fellow redditor :)
just let me know so i can change it
wow. everything i needed to know! thanks for taking time writing all that!
yes, i need my members to converse with each other more. that would deff help. Thanks!
appreciate the help! and yes the matchmaking does suck. i am having the same problem. i am ranked way higher than my recommended target
why can't all tv shows be played like this
its not blocked for me  but i applaud your effort for making sure everyone gets to see. 
but text wise which is more politically correct?
would you be making one for iOS?
i only changed my reddit password. priorities. 
I'm proud to have had this problem
yup! thats what i was thinking too! 
theres a movie that jason stathom made a few years ago. its called "13" check that out maybe that is it
i was so excited when i found mine too! i used it maybe zero times tho. 
i might be using reddit wrong. i don't filter anything or at least know i do
now I'm scared. TRUST NO ONE
just saying... if you raped a girl to death, would you get raped to death by a girl? is this really a punishment specially since your in jail?
sir, i just wanted to tell you that i would take a shit using your toilet

for some reason i can't stand wagons. do you enjoy your wagon? like do you see any benefit to it other than extra trunk space. or do you just enjoy the look of it? 
i work at a gas station and people try to buy a 25 cent now and later with a $50 bill at times. 
not to be an asshole, but I'm sure she got filled up plenty of times
this is why i love reddit
i like the i segment and i like the direction bmw is going with it. really futuristic looking. 
I'm sure its not your last bmw!?
my first car was an E46 325. i loved it. you will love this car. it made me fall in love with bmw 
OH-
hey, question. i downloaded the app and i like it.(so far) in the app theres an option that "reallocate memory" . what does this really mean exactly. i feel dumb just doing it and having no idea what i am really doing. thanks

how is twitter alive if it constantly loses money?
maybe people wanna walk and steer at the same time
im not even mad. thats actually amazing... genius for thinking that
i actually watched this movie in my class today. crazy. just wanted to sure that tidbit
once my legs get numb, thats when i wipe. its like a timer for me now
for some reason i see this as a gimmick. i read the description but i still can't see how this will help cure cancer ha. 

mine is stock apple haha. from the very first iPhone dock set up i kept it the same to my iPhone 5
this really gets me thinking of life and stuff.thanks for posting the other links
i was waiting for him to prounce
not to be a complete retard... but how/where do i enter the code without being charged? and thanks. 
i would also like to claim 3PWTAEX7E969 lol
im not too worried about encryption. but should i be? i am basically doing this for fun and probably not gonna use it often. and i tried using it, it was asking of my ip address (i think) and i couldn't get it to work
so this current free app  download will not work? 
perfect man. thanks and good luck with yours. I'm gonna be on OSU wifi so i hope i don't have the same problem haha.
i am not very tech davy, i used to use "log me in" when my iPhone was jailbroken. do i need to download something on my macbook for this work? any help is great thanks
arnt we all friends?

can i have your wallpaper?
glad im not the only one.  
GAYYYYYYYY
wow. kill me. i am dumb
google: who was time person of the year in 2006

did anybody else look up the real ban damme volvo commercial then look up a splits video of van damme? 
well thanks. now you got me all over kickstarter and not reddit. 
oooo kill em
if your boner is nicely sized, then you wouldnt complain. just saying

totally random guy to you..  just wow. 
maybe he means its okay in general to be gay, but him personally cannot be gay. 
well thats for food, your not doing for fun. im not a vegetarian haha. im a avid meat eater, im totally for killing for food, not for laughs
yea for sure i agree i do think its worse, human life is far more valuable. but for the animals i feel that they have control. they have no choice but to get abused and cant do anything about it at all. when people abuse animals, they do it because its fun and they thinks its okay like its normal and i thinks thats fucked up and sick its still life. but when someone gets decapitaing its usual for a message and recorded to show people like "dont fuck with us" not saying thats okay, its still bad, but tat least they know its bad and wrong. i havent seen a video of people decapiting humans like its fun and pleasure unless they are sick and thats bad. its mostly that animals cant protectect themselves and humans just abuse them for pleasure. 
totally with you. im cool with human gore and shit, but once its animals, i feel so bad and i dont even want to watch. 
you should get paid for advertising, i downloaded the app just to try that. it works ha
i think my cat is a model too. maybe its a cat thing

that school was Michigan University
probably one of the best i seen. thanks for the laugh
i spot a couple of friends here haha (in the @osulines page)
currently doing so now. 
thanks. as a born muslim, who was born and rasied in the united states, i am in an islam class in college and i only hear the "good" things. as a prophet and a somewhat believer of islam which i never practice except ramadan, i just find it hard to believe that a prophet would do such things but facts are facts obviously if they are facts
where did you even get this information from. the father of the 6 year old offered her to muhammad. 
same.  i just think its proper driver etiquette. i hope people do the same for me

right! i guess we are Australians
germany.. Bmw . ignorant post by me sorry had to
glad im not alone
i wish
i liked your caption more than the advice
wow your so right! its always been shitty quality, HD is the way to go
exactly how i feel. just a little bit of love by an upvote means a lot to me 
thanks bill nye
only an asian will figure that one out
every time. my elbows stop blood circulation 
im at the point where i need a weird intresting story line instead of the actual fucking
show more ''plumbers crack'' let them know your game
i actually got my friend to do this... he has no idea
the struggle, i feel you ha
Exactly!! You have to stay completely still or else they will leave! 
its his way or no way, we both cant get comfortable, so he ends up leaving
my cat is like exactly like that, but he literally gives up after 2 minutes and just goes away 
the odds
lucky bastard. i try so hard every night for my cat to sleep with me
had to learn that the hard way
super rich kids with nothing but fake friends 
Just wow. seriously couldnt tell difference
this. is. reddit.
I think so. At one point, I haven't used reddit in a while
Beer>chicken. A man obviously did the shopping 
i personally cant hate on someone who we all wish we had his easy rich life
i plead guilty to this ( if no body sees me )
id do her. all i care about this meme
you had the tag and everything, slick got me
why hate on someone that we all know we would do the same. who wouldnt want a nice ass car at the age of 19 and speed. 
wannabe prius

old Nintendo?
looks like your neighbors like toyotas
if was nutella, its okay. nutella is worth it
i thought i was the only one
thanks for the warning 
Are you serious now....?
Haha not sure if your trolling me or you serious
Love it! I will for sure follow
Can someone please explain these secret rooms!!!! I will be forever grateful
Huge BMW fan, I love German cars. I love the new direction and the design, I hope it stays like that and they drive even better. I ha a e46 and I believed that it drove the best from other cars I driven. I enjoyed driving it and made me excited every time I drove it, never had dull moments. And the e46 is like 10 years old but still looks nice in the road. Most car designs can do that. 
Wow. That's hiliarous. 
About time a new insanity wolf! And a very creative one too
You guys should follow her on Instagram, she puts plenty of sexy time pics
This is beyond true, I'm glad I'm not the only one
You fucked your foot up, probably one of the worst I seen on here
Exactly !
We gotta do something like that
Thank you sir, I seen your wallpaper of the mountain lion, and had to steal it. Looks real nice on the iPhone 
This really mind fucked my brother. He is near sided and saw a girl. Then when he put his glasses on he saw Albert. 
Yea. You can't use your songs as ringtones. Unless you buy an app (.99 or 1.99) then you can. So it really isn't a big deal. 
Yupp. Exactly 
I can play a pretty good son (19) to get fucked by a mom. 
Pics or it isn't true 
I think you account got disabled. You probaby got flagged a certain amount of times, they send you email, telling you that unless you used a fake email. 
@eyad93
@eyad93 follow or swallow!!!!!! 
I post funny pics(I try) and occasionally my cat!
At my job I loved those people too, but when I'm a customer somewhere , and their about to close, I feel like I accomplished something big that I just made it in time
This couldn't be true enough. This is my life struggle! 
He is a genius
Yea Your right. It was more of an expression 
If you had to eat your children, would you cry? 
Right, but resorting it is kinda a hassle, well not a hassle but just time consuming, then backing it back up, takes awhile too. 
I had my iPhone jail broken and I loved it. Free apps, free ringtones, and really like full control of your iPhone. And also you can get a skin that makes the iOS look like android. It's not exactly the same but still you can do it. But if you jailbreak your iPhone, you lose the apple warranty . So if you don't care for the warranty, jailbreak it
I seen this before. But still funny. And I agree! We need more IW. There hasn't been any lately 
It's more of an addiction for me now
Because we are homos together 
Get prepared to get destroyed with the 9gag
Gold mine!! But love it that she's a good sport. And that her friends ate involved too
I'm in the same boat. I feel ya
The drug was called life. Live a little. I thought it was funny. 
Im a cat person,  but I guess dogs are alright. I admit that's cool
 I thought that was real at first. I had to take a double take
This is perfect . Your cat is also like showing it off too. He knows what's up
And this is why I love YouTube and reddit . Pure genius
I love it. Great job 
You should try the life proof case. It's thiner than the otter box defender and not bulky at all. It's also water proof. But it's $80 . It's at bestbuy . 