It changed a lot, and not for the better. We recently went to Toronto, and after five years, neither one of us barely recognized the place. According to friends in BC, it's even worse there.
Done and done. Thank you :)
Thank you :)
Are you in the EU?
I hate pancakes, and we're more than good on the other front...don't need an anniversary for that :)
Thank you :)

We're not taking it for granted either - we're constantly trying to pay it forward.
Right? It was between the teak or the classic, smaller red leather one. She chose wisely.
Thank you so much!

In all fairness, most (if not all) "wild" parts from the story were my fault.
[New watch day](https://imgur.com/a/pur2gd4) - present from my wife.
For our 3 year anniversary, my wife surprised me with a brand new Omega Aqua Terra Master Co-Axial. Lucky for me, she managed to get one of the 2017 models, since I am not a fan of the new Aqua Terras.

This watch is and will always be special to me, since the number 3 has somewhat of a “special meaning” to us (in a humorous way): we met in Vancouver, 2008, went on 3 dates, then didn’t meet again until 3 years later - in Toronto, 2011. After one night, I ghosted myself - thinking (at the time) that a woman like her would never entertain anything long term with a guy like me. Needless to say, I was wrong - because 3 years later I couldn’t stop thinking about her, so I emailed her. To my surprise, she replied - and we started talking on the phone. I was living in Amsterdam at the time, and unbeknownst to me, she had moved to London, UK to start fresh shortly after I ghosted myself. After 3 weeks of talking on the phone/Facetime non-stop for 6-8 hours per day, I quit everything and moved to Notting Hill.
Since then, we have started 3 successful businesses together (one of which is an app which has been featured 3 times as Game of the Day within 6 months), we own 3 rental properties together, and are now semi-retired in our 30’s.

She changed my views on life, love, and friendship in more ways than I count - and the fact that she puts up with me 24/7 makes me love her more than I could ever put into words.

Finally, blue is my favourite colour, the 8500 Calibre kicks ass on more levels than I can count, and Omega is my favourite watch brand (given their history, innovation, and punishment their watches undergo before they ship them out).

To celebrate, I'm opening one of my [favourite single malts](https://imgur.com/a/lgLyPl7) tonight. 

TL;DR: Guy reads too much into the number 3, but at least he posted some cool pictures of a shiny watch!
Yeah, from the leather to the finishing touches she’s definitely among the 1% of Etsy who deserve to have her stuff featured in boutiques. 

I ordered some smaller leather goods of her as well (pen cases), I never received one item that wasn’t 100% flawless. 

Also: if you opt for laser engraving, you can select any image / font / etc, so the sky is the limit. 
If you feel like splurging (or need another present down the road), I highly recommend [this girl's](https://www.etsy.com/listing/217328064/leuchtturm1917-medium-leather-cover?ref=shop_home_active_26) leather covers. I have one for my 1917, as well as one for my Field Notes. Her laser engraving is just the cherry on top of the cake - leather, stitching & burnishing are all spot-on!

EDIT: [Here is a picture of the custom Field Notes cover she did for me not too long ago](https://imgur.com/a/mm2S5Jn)
Hiya!

Have you looked into [Baron Fig's](https://www.baronfig.com) offerings?

I believe you can also get customized Leuchtturm 1917's off of their website, if you're looking for something more "personal".

Now, if you're into the whole "possibly buy it for life" thing, have a look at Midori's Traveller's Notebooks. 
Other brands that fit the bill (and might be more common to try on)

- Oliver Peoples (the Gregory Peck would look great on you).

- Persol’s Reflex or Calligrapher editions

- Garrett Leight, too many models to list that would suit you. 

Keep me posted :)


Absolutely!

Where are you located? I travel a lot, so maybe I can recommend a place for you to check out. 
Guy here, posting because my wife loves this sub:

I don’t wear anything other than Common Projects shoes. I own close to 20 pairs...mostly Achilles, with a few Derby Shines thrown in. 

Clothing wise, I’m flexible - as long as my oxfords are white & my trousers are cropped. 
Guy here. Have you looked into Mismo’s offerings? My wife loves their stuff. 

Another nice brand to look into would be Want Les Essentiels. 

If you’re looking for something truly feminine, why not splurge on a nice shoulder bag (*cough Saint Laurent*) & put your laptop in a nice Cote Et Ciel sleeve. 
Your hair is spot-on, make sure you tip your barber!

One suggestion: Next time you're in town, try on round frame glasses. Something like [these](https://www.mrporter.com/en-pt/mens/garrett_leight_california_optical/hampton-46-round-frame-tortoiseshell-acetate-optical-glasses/1037245) or [these](https://www.mrporter.com/en-pt/mens/cutler_and_gross/round-frame-acetate-optical-glasses/1036435) would suit you much better - judging by your picture, I wouldn't go bigger than a 49 (lens width).

I know the examples I posted are a bit pricier, but since you're wearing prescription glasses, why not treat yourself?
That's the look of a guy who drives an ice-cream truck and gets a boner every time he drives by the swamp where he dumps the bodies.

Jokes aside, shave it off, give your sides a trim & rock the part properly.
Hair: solid

Shirt: stick with solids, like white or blue oxfords - but that's personal preference.

Beard: I'm counting 3 different lengths. You've got the perfect face-shape to do pretty much whatever you want, but as others have pointed out: maybe grow the sides to blend in with the beard.

Last, but not least I'd recommend giving your eyebrows a touch of TLC. Not a lot, just a basic cleanup.
Damn son...get off the internet & clean your asshole for fucks sake.
I'm sorry bud, I can't imagine how you feel - all I know is that I'd be shattered.

Now - having said this: r/bald seems to be a very supportive community, and some before/after pictures might surprise you.

It happens to most men, so don't feel singled out or anything. My suggestion would be to buzz it & see if you could compliment the buzz with a blending/matching beard style.
Proper fits, proper pricing - and they're right at the source of what men want (sales metrics, etc). I got a few of their pieces heavily discounted (friend/work combo), and I can say with confidence that I would have paid full price for them.

If they keep it up (quality & pricing), I can see them giving certain brands a run for their money.
Meh. I used to back the brand with a passion, but their quality has declined over the past 1-2 years in my opinion. I'd put it at par with COS, with COS costing about half as much.

For minimal pieces at that price point, I switched to AMI, ACNE and Officine Genrale.

Just my two cents...I don't mean to bash anyone who loves APC.
I cannot recommend Mr Porter's worsted wool trousers enough. They offer more "bang for your buck" than most brands (€200), they come in black, dark grey, and navy; and after countless dry cleanings, all of my pairs still look pristine. 

If you're after chinos, I highly recommend AMI's selection. You can find most of their colours on sale at Yoox.
Ours turned ten three months ago, so good guess :)
Oh hell no!!! She only knows the floor as the gateway to food, outside, or squishy place. 

We know the rules. 
By that logic, the couch, ottoman, three armchairs & a round, wicker think with a pillow on it are hers as well. 

Yet she never pitches in when we go furniture shopping...
We don’t, at least not until it’s time for her to go pee.
Never said it was a solid business plan. 
Yep. We visit the city on a regular basis, but this was the first time we came across this shop. 
We should all pitch in for a gift card, so he doesn’t go broke. 
To be clear: this is NOT u/fuckswithducks shop. At least I don’t think it is...
Where are you located?
Yes, but maybe bed’s chin rest is inferior?
I've given up on them lately. Most of their latest goods are all made in China / Vietnam / etc. For the price point, you can find similar, if not better quality made in France or Portugal - like AMI, Officine Generale, ACNE, Maison Kitsuné, etc.
Where are you located? PM me. 
Where are you located? 90% of the tapes can be found on here: bandcamp.com/fearandsickness. Just scroll past the first few lines of Jazz & Indie, and you’ll see everything - starting with Ambient, Drone - going into Black Metal & More obscure stuff. 
I’ll try that, thank you. 
Will do - thank you!
Yep - we managed to change our App Store to a bunch of different ones, plus we got a definite list :)

Thank you!
We saw that - thank you!
Right? We got featured upon launch in the US - and they requested artwork/assets beforehand. The feature didn't help us much at the time, since it coincided with the launch of iOS 11, meaning the adoption rate was so low that barely anyone noticed it. Our second feature (Germany, Austria & Switzerland) was a much bigger success - but, we weren't given any notice.

Tonight, we thought our ad-partner's page was going haywire on us - so far we know that we're the game of the day in 22 countries, but we're still counting.

We also did a "Meet the developers" phone interview a few weeks ago, so we'll just have to wait and see if/what Apple plans on doing with that.
We found a way to change the country without having to have a CC for every country - but thank you!
That's awesome - thank you so much :)
Thank you so much anyway!
Damn - and we can add France to the list as well.

Do you play Sudoku, and if so - would you like a code?
Sent!
Want us to PM you a code to get rid of ads?
Holy shit - AND we just got featured in Portugal & Canada.

Do you play Sudoku?
Hiya!

Please shoot me an email: hello@hoolatronstudios.com

The battery issue something we haven’t encountered, even on our 6 & 6s - did it just start to happen recently?

Either way, thank you for getting in touch & please email me ASAP so we can get this sorted. 
Thank you so much!!! 
Holy fuck - we’re the first result???
Sweet - the “story” is the write up they did when we got featured I suppose?

Thank you!!!
Yep - it does. Purple icon.
They daily facial moisturizer happens to have a SPF20 in it. 
It all worked out in the end :)

Wear them in good health, old friend. 
Nothing at all. I'm a skin care & cologne addict, my two cents are that most people (men & women) simply overdo it when it comes to scents.

My wife recently got [this fragrance](http://www.allbeauty.com/im/en/1177479-houbigant-quelques-fleurs-loriginal-perfume-extrait-100ml) - which is meant for the wearer only. She can smell it on her, and I can smell it when I lean in for a kiss :)

Fragrances should be like a piece of clothing you wear: an add-on to the entire outfit, not over-powering, and mostly for the wearer.
A great alternative is Jack Black’s Double-Duty Facial Mousturizer w/ SPF 20. I use it dry morning, at night I use an oil-free night cream, either Jack Black, Aesop or Grown Alchemist. 

The Jack Black Daily lasts me about 22-24 weeks per bottle. 
Yeah...my new favourites. I don't really collect glassware, but at this point I (accidentally) amassed quite the collection of vintages (tumblers, decanters, etc).
Yeah, that was my thought: clean them up, condition them, but instead of thrift shop post them on the “free” section of Craigslist. 

They will have to survive Sault-Ste-Marie and Detroit though first. 
Pretty solid price actually - €225. 
It changed quite a bit since I visited last. I used to live here for five years...it’s weird seeing vacant/for rent store fronts on Queen St. 
I bought boots just for the trip. With all the slush and salt I’m willing to bet that i won’t be bringing those back home with me...
Toronto. My wife is from up North, Sault-Ste-Marie, we’re going to see some friends and family. 
Duty free out of all places. 
Eh from Canada. All's cold here. It's freeeeezing, at least in comparison to what I've been acclimated to. I'm rocking trousers.

How's you?
Fucking hell, Toronto is cold & shit has gotten expensive! We’re going for some pho tonight, so I have that to look forward to.

[At least, international travel has its perks](https://imgur.com/a/gV80X) - on the way back, we’ll grab a bottle of the 25 year Single Malt to add to the collection.

Niki also found 6 [beautiful lead crystal NOS tumblers](https://imgur.com/a/egBrM) in an antique shop in London a few weeks back.
Travelling right now...but it's happening.
That’s our app!!! Thank you so much, your post made our day. 
Fair enough, but certain articles are very far-fetched. If I looked deep enough into watch making, I could probably dig up & draw parallels to animal testing. 
Apple decided to [feature our app again on the US App Store’s homepage](https://imgur.com/a/WtaQ7) in a collection with 7 other games; we did a phone interview with the head of global App Store management for an upcoming “Meet the developers” feature; on top of that, we’re getting ready to fly to Toronto to freeze our asses off. 

It has been an interesting week so far…
Yeah...especially when I see people who fit the description (like u/ajchen) spreading their hatespeech all over the web.

Although, I am not sure about his hair...
The Derby Shines - yes, absolutely. It has to be the most versatile shoe I have ever owned.
Probably for the same reason a Flat Head flannel costs $300: brand name, marketing, and the fact that people are willing to pay for it. 
Yeah, my bad. I meant to link to the black SL raws. 
[Yes there are](http://www.tomford.com/raw-selvedge-jeans/TFD002-BIJ11.html).

[Quite a few](https://www.neimanmarcus.com/en-fr/Brunello-Cucinelli-Selvedge-Denim-Leisure-Fit-Jeans/prod200810271_cat48720745__/p.prod?icid=&searchType=EndecaDrivenCat&rte=%252Fcategory.service%253FitemId%253Dcat48720745%2526pageSize%253D29%2526No%253D0%2526Ns%253DMAX_PROMO_PRICE%257C1%2526refinements%253D&eItemId=prod200810271&xbcpath=cat48720745%2Ccat14120827%2Ccat000470%2Ccat000000&cmCat=product).




I’m a project manager for a large fashion conglomerate, my wife and I have a small shop in London, and we build apps in our spare time. 
[Here you go then](https://www.reddit.com/r/rawdenim/comments/7p4fn9/dior_homme_mij_19cm/).

Regarding your "raw" requirements, you could look at [these](https://www.mrporter.com/en-nl/mens/saint_laurent/skinny-fit-15cm-hem-raw-stretch-denim-jeans/1004071) or [these](https://www.mrporter.com/en-nl/mens/salle_privee/lewitt-slim-fit-selvedge-denim-jeans/937041). 

I am not making the point that luxury designer = quality raws. However, I also know of certain raw denim brands who charge $300+ for a flannel shirt, or $100+ for a t-shirt, so ludicrous pricing in fashion is not exclusive to designer brands only. 
Have you considered a Leuchtturm 1917? Numbered pages, very fountain pen friendly, index, bookmark, pocket - basically a Moleskine on steroids, and then some. 

As for the cover: I am using [this one from Montanvert](http://etsy.me/2no2qdJ) - her quality is second to none, it feels more like a boutique item, versus something you’d find on Etsy. 
I agree, although I genuinely don’t care what others think about my outfit - even if they happen to compliment me on my look, or a specific garment. It’s a nice compliment, but I primarily spend what I spend because I love the way it makes me feel. I carry myself differently, which is something people pick up on. 

Regarding suits: you’re right - buying Tom Ford vs buying bespoke is a fine line; I happen to be lucky enough that off the rack fits me like a glove, with the exception of the usual alterations (hemming, cuffs, etc). The same goes for Lanvin and Cucinelli. I mostly wear suits because they’re the easiest way to dress up properly for the day. 
In all fairness, people who buy fashion pieces to gain appreciation from others have issues. You should buy designer pieces because you love them. 

No one knows I’m wearing a Tom Ford button down right now, since it’s an unbranded white shirt. But - I love the fabric, fit, as well as the brand. I treated myself to it, it makes me feel great - frankly, I don’t give two fucks about whether or not someone appreciates my choice of footwear or day bag. 
I was thinking Zara. I’m redditoring slightly tipsy right now. 
Zegnas is cool. 
Nope - leave it! The lord doesn't need to know I'm here...
Zegna's overall quality has declined over the past 5 years or so. They used to be the perfect gap between fast fashion and entry-level fashion, like APC or AMI. 

Now, they've fallen into the fast fashion category, with an inflated price tag.

Edit: ignore everything I’ve said above. We’re on wine bottle #3, I was thinking Zara. Zegnas is cool. 
Very well said / written. 

Denim brands for denim, shoe brands for footwear, etc. 

I get that some brands do cover a broad spectrum of clothing, and they do so incredibly well (MMM, SL, Tom Ford, etc) - but if never buy my raws from them. 
Trousers: I started out with AMI and Incotex to dip my toes into the water. I eventually upgraded to Tom Ford, MMM, and other pricier ones - there’s a big difference IMO. 

Shoes: Sanders & Sanders, who make shoes for Thom Browne and Mark McNairy (to name a few) were a good starting point; to math my wardrobe, I switched to Common Projects and Saint Laurent. Again, noticeable difference. 

Bags: you’re right, it’s very subjective. Mismo is just as good as SL, in terms of built quality - but more budget friendly. 


Gotta disagree with you when it comes to trousers, shirts, suits, coats, and shoes. 

Bags too. 
Personally, other than Dior I have yet to find a pair that's worth spending the "designer brand tax" on.

[Those for example](https://www.mrporter.com/en-nl/mens/brunello_cucinelli/washed-selvedge-denim-jeans/998196) seem ludicrous to me, while [this pair](https://www.mrporter.com/en-nl/mens/incotex/slim-fit-selvedge-denim-jeans/915449) seems slightly more reasonable, considering their trousers are top notch - but I hate zip flies on raws.
"Them" might refer to something other than your pants. Re-think your headline bud.

Balls^balls^balls
I know - I lived there for 6 years. Winters aren’t a season, they should be declared a national emergency. 


You’re more than welcome. Anything else, let us know!
What mild weather? We're headed over from Lisbon...it's fucking insane in Canada!

Pho spot: Pho Pasteur, Queen St. Open 24/7, turns into a warm-up spot for homeless guys after midnight, but it's the best broth I've ever tasted.
If you love it, that's all that matters - please don't think that I was trying to rain on your parade.
The design is cool, that's for certain.

Let it heal, see how it turns out. Maybe the artist can fix it.
Damn - either that's really fresh, or you might be looking at some blowouts. I like the design, but the line consistency seems off throughout...
I am so not looking forward to going from 12°C to -14°C. 

At least they serve proper pho in Toronto...
My clothing never smells. 

YOUR CLOTHES SMELL!!!
So...ecru raws. To wash, or not to wash? I love the way they fit, they're the right amount of stiff, and I can see them breaking in nicely.

The colour is a shit-magnet for dirt though.

I'm thinking spot cleaning?
Listened to it for 30 seconds & purchased the LP. Thanks for the heads up!
Check out “We Out There”. It’s a compilation I just pre-ordered that showcases London’s rising jazz-fusion scene. 

There’s a ton of jazz with funky beats on there. 

Another great artist/ producer (who happens to be from London) is Nostalgia 77. The man does everything - funk, free-jazz, covers - even folk; and he does everything incredibly well. 
Bandcamp is slowly killing my wallet - I must have ordered 7 or 8 LPs in the past few days, and god only knows how many tapes I have in the mail. I discovered so many small, underground Jazz artists & bands, it's surreal.
Got it. Can’t believe he’s a long-timer, but it seems like he hasn’t posted in almost two weeks. 

It’s a shame that some people trade their reputation for a pair of jeans. Just ask - most folks on here will extend a helping hand. 

I’m sorry bud. As someone who got fleeced on r/randomkindness on Christmas I can understand that stingy feeling. Not everyone is bad, there are some good people out there. 

Still: fuck that guy, I hope someone knocks his front teeth out. 
I’ve gotten tons of PMs for the world tour - is his account on here gone? If not, please PM me his u/ - I won’t message him, but I also don’t want to include him in the tour (if he was amongst the folks who got in touch).

Fuck that guy. 

What jeans?
I love my KAI knives, and I feel like I merely touched the surface. 

Then again, how much fun would a hobby without a rabbit hole be?
Some Korean streetwear kid just came so hard, he shot powdered milk. 
What? Feel like sharing some more detail re: the jean sale gone awry? Rip-offs don’t go down well here...
I once saw a doc about two guys who avoid old mines & farms in the US, hunting for old Levi’s, and similar items. 

Even they admitted that Americans wouldn’t pay 1/10 of what their Japanese clients pay. 
I figured as much - life happens. 

Did you manage to sort it out?
Oh - you gave it a try? Thank you so much!
The fuck? He literally messaged me a few days ago. 

I hope this works out for you bud. 

Edit: last I heard from him was 3 days ago. Maybe something went wrong?
Damn - spot on, thank you SO much!

Do you play Sudoku? If so, we’ll PM you a code for the IAP.

Again, thank you. 
Thank you :)

Wanna link to your stuff?
PM’ed you. Let me know if our request makes sense. If you like the game, we’ll gladly shoot a code your way :)

Thank you in advance!!!
 No worries - enjoy your time here!
[Paris Haussmann](https://haussmann.galerieslafayette.com). Go apeshit. Last time I went, I "needed" a shirt - but left with 3 trousers & a jacket. That place is heaven, the staff is incredibly knowldedgable & friendly.

If you have specific brands in mind, Maison Kistuné, APC, Tom Ford, and countless others have their flagship boutiques in Paris as well.
Featured in four countries over 4 months :)

Thank you!
Danke :)
We'll keep this game strictly for iOS - all future stuff we're currently working on will be for iOS & Android
Thanks! We already got featured in the US upon launch four months ago, so it has been quite the fun ride. 
I split my time between London and Paris - how long will you be in Paris for, what’s your budget, and what is it you’re after?
Woke up to an insane amount of downloads, as well as a stroke-inducing amount in our Ad Mob account: turns out [our game got featured (again) simultaneously]( https://i.imgur.com/6nRiZZ0.jpg) in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. 

Currently, we’re  #21 of [all free games](https://i.imgur.com/cfWc8HG.jpg).

Emailed our contact at Apple - he says they’re currently re-writing the editorial to feature it in other regions in the coming months, since we’ve made a bunch of improvements. 

I’m gonna grab the scotch early today...  
3 months. It's in the post.
Sorry bud, but this round is for people who are already very active on this sub. 
The other Redditor in question is going to receive his grails in his size, outside of the world tour. 
I was wondering where you went...but then I thought...maybe he went rogue?

I’ll show myself out. 
Embrace your dark side :)
Another vote for the PxFH's.

Including myself, we have 3 judges. Adding you would be fine if you could find a 5th - that way we'd avoid a 50/50 vote in the end.
Noted :)
Thank you!
Absolutely - I’d love to have you on board!
Mostly due to shipping. If the 1st one works out ok, I might do the second one worldwide. 

Or we can simply have a second pair going at the same time - worldwide. 

Like I said, I’m open to suggestions. The community should get something out of it, I’m merely supplying the jeans. 
How many wears, soaks - and do they still smell minty? I always wondered how long the effect lasted.
Sorry - call it a “North American Tour” then. 
That’s what I figured :)

Thanks!
Did you get those all at the same place?
Some brands tend to stretch around the waist more than others. When trying on raws, you should always be able to button them up all the way without cutting off blood flow in the waist & upper thigh area. That’s the general rule for sanforized denim. 

Regarding the stiffness/bending over: depending on the weight of the fabric, you might have to wear the jeans for a while until the fabric forms to your body shape, breaks in, and softens up. 

The heavier the fabric, the longer it’ll take for your to break them in - so don’t buy N&F Elephants for your first pair (unless you want to cross-post to r/bdsm).

Hope this helps!
Yeah, they were so-so. 

You know whose true-detective novels surprised me? High Laurie’s. I already love the man’s music, but his writing really took me by surprise. 
Will do. 

I’d say they’re “copper-y”. 
Bourdain is a rad guy - incredibly down to earth. 

His special with Mark Lanegan, focussing on Seattle proves my point. 

Also - his writing is fantastic. 
I just got [these](https://www.mrporter.com/en-pt/mens/the_workers_club/slim-fit-selvedge-denim-jeans/914320?ppv=2) - and the measurements are 101% perfect. A smidgen better than my PNS (the rise seems to be a bit better, plus the construction is miles above APC...which isn’t hard, to be fair).
What he said. I understood 4 words, but yeah - what he said. 
Did you check the sidebar? What’s your budget? Some people here will tell you that $200 is “reasonably prized” - actually, most of them will, since you’d get a pair that will last you for a very long time, and yield fantastic fades (3Sixteen comes to mind).

If you want to dip your toes into indigo waters, start with Unbranded. You’re looking at $100 or less. 
Your other option would be Naked & Famous Denim.

From that point onwards, you’re entering “fuck eating healthy, I’m sending money to Japan for chainstitched raws that have been blessed by a screeching banshee, riding an indigo-tailed dragon” territory. 

Just like every other hobby, there’s a rabbit hole. Raw denim is no different, except for the fact that you won’t stop at jeans. Proper footwear, leather goods & other clothing will be next. 

You have been warned. 
My wife and I recently had the “if you could bang one celebrity” talk, and I realized: I’d pick drinks, dinner, and an all-night chat with Tom Hanks over a wine & coke-fueled bender with Eva Green or Blake Lively. 
If there’s one guy who know this particular pair inside out, it’s u/Robocob0
Since they’re unsanforized, raw measurements won’t do you any good - which is why I’m trying to find people who have experience with unsanforized raws (unlike myself). 
Spicy spanish tomato soup. Hint of lime of acidity, tomatos, peppers, onions, chillies, beans, chickpeas, cilantro, parsley, salt & pepper...you get the idea.
IF Tom Hanks wanted any of my raws, you guys would be SOL. I'll even throw in a matching shirt.
Don’t forget the charcuterie & red wine - might as well make it a party. 
Ironically, I wore my PNS around the house today - while making soup.

January 14th it is.

How do we celebrate?
Regarding the denim tour: 

- Looks like it'll be size 33.
- The person with the most creative photo will get to keep the jeans; however, should the same person enter another world tour, he won't be able to win again (unless he takes a selfie with Tom Hanks).
- The thread is still up - if you're active on here (trust me, I'll check), and you'd like to participate, please PM me your shipping info. If you're in, I'll let you know.
- Everyone gets to keep the pair for 3 months. When you're done, please leave a message/signature/doodle on the back of the pocket flasher, and mail it to the next guy in line with the jeans.

As always, I am open to suggestions.

**Edit: I’m considering doing a poll to choose the first pair that’ll go on tour. The ProxFH might go to a permanent home - but there’s a 34 left in those, as well as the MomoxJB0700SP, ProntoxPBJ Carnival ‘14 Edition, and others. Thoughts?**
I was just thinking that...maybe today is APC day?
Pick one. 
/thread. 
Wanna start the tour, or finish it?
Pronto x The Flat Head 05, size 33. 
I’ll be in MI, but I could mail them to you. 

PM me your address, and I’ll keep you posted. 
Seems like 33 it is. 
33 it is. 
We’ll just have to agree on a size. 
33 or 34


That’s what I’ll be doing with this pair - good idea :)
Apparently. 

Edit: sorry, I hit “submit” too quickly. It appears they’re the same sizing as CPs, so one size down. 
It’s also a better way for the community, vs “just” doing a simple giveaway. 
At least in my opinion. 
Yeah, the same person not winning twice would be a given. 

I also don’t have that many pairs to go around, after the two ProXFHs, I only have about 5 or 6 left that would be interesting enough to do a “tour”/contest with. 
Canada works for me - as long as it’s North America, I’m down. 
Community-voted. 
Yeah, I missed the edit :)

What are your thoughts on letting the best/most creative pic keep the pair?
I thought you said you wanted me to take the worn raws back - for a gallery?

I might have misunderstood that...
The whole point is me reducing the amount of clothing I own, while giving someone the opportunity to appreciate the jeans the way they’re meant to be enjoyed...which isn’t folded up in a closet :)
I blindly recommended their sneakers to a buddy, who didn't want to pay $400 for a similar looking pair by a different brand.

They're a 1/1 copy of said brand, but the finish leaves a lot to wish for. 

He ended up spending the $400.
That (although you can get some models without the stripes), as well as the “peach” (it’s pink) stitching on the inseam. Guy I know pointed it out, it didn’t bother me at the time - but the more I wore them, the more pronounced it became - almost like it faded to a lighter, more neon-like colour. 
Almost. 19. 
Yeah :)
Nope. You can get the P5 in wireless as well. 
I recently bought a bunch of stuff & received a free T&D face wash. 

Awful. 
Love them. Had the wired ones before, but they finally gave out. They’re great for travelling/the metro/walking about. 

Battery life is supposedly insane. 
Sorry, can’t help with that. 

If you’re looking for the perfect white shirt: Officine Generale white oxford button down selvedge. I own a few, they’re perfect - and the slanted pocket adds character. 
Plain or checkered/flannel?
Blind Barber, matte. Shit’s weird - but in a great way: it feels like a cream/moisturizer in the jar, but once it hits the hair, it’s almost like you used 4x the amount you were supposed to use. I mix a tiny bit of that turn Baxter’s Hard Cream & I’m good to go. 
So far I love them. The fabric has a nice “speckle” to it. 

Construction is chainstitch throughout; although I can say one thing already: for the MSRP you’d be better off buying Oni, Momo, PBJ, etc. I paid €130, which is cool. Anything more than €200 for those would be stupid. 
Since some of you wanted pics: we’re about halfway through unpacking/re-packing our [Mr Porter/Net-A-Porter-bonanza](https://imgur.com/a/QEYGZ). A few items are presents, but most of those have already been packed up.

And yes - these are the raws I mentioned last week - TWC. I’m going to do a proper “First Impressions” once I wear them & take proper pictures. The fit is spot-on though (APC PNS).
~~Shots~~ Frikandels fired!!!
Not if they’re in cabin with you. We have a soft carrier, and we fly business for anything longer than 3 hours (so we don’t go crazy either).
Sweet - it’ll be a stand-alone post, if the mods allow it. 
Nice!
Bags. My wife has 5 “dailies” - YSL, LV, Mismo, 2x Mansur Gavriel that she rotated through, depending on her outfit. 

Add 3 clutches (again, to match outfit & occasion) for evenings out. 

Shoes: not so much. She wears mostly Tod’s, Mansur Gavriel, Saint Laurent, and Common Projects - neither of which are BIFL. 

Jewelry: she has yet to find the “perfect watch”.
I have had mine for ten years. She has lived in Canada, Thailand, the Netherlands, England, France, Portugal, and Germany. She also spent time in the US, Japan, Italy, and Spain. 
If time is a worry of yours: pugs sleep 28 hours a day :). Ours is perfectly fine with being left alone for 6-8 hours, we take her in-cabin when we travel, and she loves car rides. They’re tougher than you think, easy to care for, and some of the best character dogs you can meet. 
Tip though: since they’re a flat-faced breed, they’re more prone to certain illnesses. We get ours checked twice a year, and she’s extremely healthy (although she could stand to lose a pound).
Sweet - thank you!
Just what I wanted to hear :)
Re: yesterday’s post about a guy losing the majority of his wardrobe - would you guys be up for helping him out via GoFundMe (or similar)?

He’s in Canada, I messaged with him for a bit, and he seems nothing but genuine. I’m waiting for the mods to clear this, I just wanted to see if this community could rally together & help a fellow pants-friend out. 
It’s decided: we’re getting a second pug - Olive gets to play mom at the tender age of 10 :)
Thank you! I’m just waiting for a reply from the mods. 
Good man! If he PM's me, I'll message the mods to see if we can promote a GoFundMe on here.

Thank you!
Some have spares.

Wanna PM me, so that maybe we can get a GoFundMe going? Mental health is important, and if small gestures/material things give you something to hold onto to keep on going it's worth exploring.

I pitched & vouched for someone's fundraiser on here before, and it was a success. Don't underestimate this sub & its members :)
Northern Ontario? My wife is from there!!!

Come on, let us help you out - this sub is full of great people. 
Fucking hell...never ever get rid of those! Beautiful...
While I can’t even fathom what you’re going through, I can’t ignore the fact that you lost most of your clothing. 

To me, clothing plays a vital role in my life - it makes me feel great, I love everything: from fabrics, to cuts, to brands - you get the idea. 

Having said that, if others are cool with it I’d like to set up a GoFundMe (or something similar) to get you back on track. Furthermore, I’d let you use some of my personal discounts to make the $ stretch further. 
Unfortunately, I don’t have anything in your size that I could send to you right now. 

If anyone else is down, let me know. 
Thank you so much for your support :)
I get it, I used to collect SBs a very long time ago - I eventually switched to records. 

I plan on putting the ones I have left up on eBay at some point.
Two friends of mine are going to do the whole “wait outside of the store” thing. I get it, the shoes are nice, but still...it’s cold and wet out. 
Thank you so much for your kind words - we are looking into building a proper crossword app, as well as a few other puzzles - but we want to make sure to create the "perfect" (by our standards) Sudoku app first :)
Ugh, the one with Vera Farmiga? Saw the trailer...I wonder how it ends :)
My wife and I got into app developing. 

Some of the feature requests we receive make me wonder if they have wifi in the looney bin. 
Boston is a great city that pretty much checks everything off one’s list:
Shopping, museums, food, entertainment. 
It has been a while since I visited; I spent a prolonged amount of time there in the early 2000’s. Saw American Nightmare, Converge, Shark Attack and Panic on one bill. My body aches just thinking about that night...
There’s already a sequel in the works for “Bright”. Personally, I’m all for Netflix/Amazon/Hulu productions, but Netflix are almost over-doing it. I couldn’t make it through “Bright”, I tapped out after half an hour. You’re right - he does play his typical “action role” character, but for some reason it doesn’t work anymore. 
The same could be said for Bruce Willis though (after having seen the trailer for the Death Wish re-boot).
That’s one hell of a coat! How long will you be staying for? 
No, thank you for your feedback and support.
Yay - thank you! Let me know what you think.
> When using the Pencil, or really any input actually, is it possible to erase a single “note” number? If not, this would be another scenario where an undo button would be useful.

Hm...right now, we have the "Auto Remove Notes" feature for obsolete notes, otherwise you'll have to remove the ones you don't need manually by clicking the Pencil icon & writing the desired note in the field you wish to remove.


In Classic Mode, we have to keep all the numbers in the bar (in case the user needs to change an input).

Switch to Mistake Mode & turn Quick Mode back on, and you'll have your beloved feature back :)
Nice!
Wow...this is better than a five star review - thank you! You made our Monday!!!
Thank you so much :)
Thank you for giving our game a try!
We're working on a new algorithm to increase the difficulty on the Expert & Master levels, since we found some rounds to be too easy as well.
Thank you so much - let me know what you think!
Thank you so much, and congrats on your iPad Pro & Pencil. Which size did you get?
Yay :)

And the music will help you zen-out!

Thank you for trying our game - it means a lot to us.
Let me know what you think once you try it :)
Wow - thank you SO much :)


Thank you so much & happy trails! We're are you headed to?
Thank you for giving our game try :)
Thank you so much for your kind words! We'll keep coming back here for suggestions (and more code giveaways). We have stared at this game for so long that some (sometimes obvious improvements) escape us, so a fresh pair of eyes is always appreciated!
We figure that an Undo button would be pointless for the game modes we're offering:

Classic Mode: The mistakes won't be highlighted, unless the user chooses to do so (via Settings); some users prefer to find the mistakes by themselves.

Mistake Mode: False inputs bounce straight away, unlimited mistakes are allowed.

What mode are you playing, and where would you like to see the Undo button implemented? We're always open to feedback, so shoot :)
We're on it :)
Yep - it’s free to download. 
Thank you so much! Like I’ve said before, we wouldn’t be able to do it without feedback and support from users such as yourself :)
Let me look into it and get back to you, we have received a couple of requests like yours - so it’s definitely on our list. 
Thank you for trying out our little game :)
That's why we implemented it :)

Thank you for giving our game a try!
Couldn't have gotten this far without our users - thank you!
u/mfarmtown. 

Google Farmtown Denim. 
I was 21 when the 1st one hit the theatres, so between school, going to shows & touring it wasn’t really on my list of priorities. 

Apparently they’re fun, a good friend of mine told me they’re highly enjoyable, regardless of age. 

We’ll see. 
That NF jacket post was/is sidebar worthy - and I don’t even like denim jackets. 
I’ve never seen any of the Harry Potter movies, which didn’t seem like a big deal...until my wife found out. 

Guess what I’ll be watching over the next few days...
There might be a few things we don’t know here:

- 3Sixteen might have a clause that forbids any retailer/etailer to include their brand in the sale for x amount of time, meaning the product has to remain on the shelf @ MSRP for the contracted time. For what we know, Canoe Club broke that clause (hence 3Sixteen being pissed).

- Yes, CG can go on sale - but I know for a fact that they limit the amount a retailer can deduct from the MSRP. 3Sixteen again might have a similar clause (example: prohibiting retailers to reduce the item by more than xx%). Canoe Club might have broken that clause, I don’t know. 

- Finally: some brands (very few) will buy their stock back, but usually only seasonal items - and only after a pre-determined period of time. Now, since only very few brands do this, chances are that either 3Sixteen don’t do this; or, if they do, Canoe Club might have opted to slap a Sale sticker on their jeans - defeating the purpose of the label buying back their goods (which the brands do to control sales, the grey market, etc).

In the end, retailers own the product if they buy it wholesale, but in order to keep an account they have to follow a few rules (set by the brand). That’s why it’s hard for a lot sneaker stores to get SB accounts, let alone get their hands on Quickstrike releases. The same goes for a plethora of other brands. Take current sales for example: why do you think that some items are marked down 20% or 30%, while others get the 50% off sticker? It might have something to do with the fact that the shop paid a higher wholesale price for the items that are marked down less, but chances are the shop isn’t allowed to mark down those brands further if they wish to keep their accounts. 

Shops have to sign these agreements to get the brands. Brands make a shop, you’re only as successful as your product/service (followed by customer service, marketing, etc.) as a store, so you have to play ball with the brands. Some brands don’t know to be known as “just wait until Sale season, their stuff usually drops by at least 40%” brands, since it would lower MSRP sales - not just for the shop, but for other shops as well, including the brand’s own. 
ProXFh05, PBJDEC5, Momotaro x Japan Blue 0700SP, Iron Heart x Burg & Schild, plus roughly 10-12 more. 
Makes sense, thanks for getting back to me. 

I’ll add them to my giveaway pile. 

All the best, keep up the good work with your blog :)
A lot of stuff in the UK is contactless (like the metro pass/Oyster card), a lot of credit cards (up to a certain amount), and identity theft is rampant. RFID is about as pointless as a padlock on your gym locker: if someone wants your shit, they’ll find a way. 

Having said that: I’ve been using that card holder for over a year, and it still looks and feels brand new. Te leather didn’t stretch at all, the quality is on point. 


Great photography dude!
If you don't mind me asking: do you bankroll the blog and reviews all on your own? What's your size? Depending on where you're located (as well as your size), would you be interested in reviewing some deadstock collaborations (BNWT) - some dating back to 2012?

If so, PM me.
I'll start: the best minimalist, front pocket card holder I have ever owned is [this one](https://www.etsy.com/listing/466889718/slim-wallet-saffiano-leather-leather) - hopefully these guys come up with more.

My next puchase will be [this Field Notes cover](https://www.etsy.com/listing/468911022/made-to-order-natural-vegetable-tanned) - I love the look, it holds a pen, as well as some cards.

I also just orderd [this keyfob](https://www.etsy.com/listing/538180447/keychain-natural-vegetable-tanned?ref=shop_home_active_13) for our London apartment. I can't speak for the quality yet, but it looks nice.
Overhaul my left ¾ sleeve (old style Japanese) & wrap up the big eagle fucking up a rabbit on my back. 
Doing time for not paying child support...sorry bud. 
Ah, gotcha. 
No clue. Lisbon is a beautiful city, but in terms of infrastructure, public services, etc they’re at least 10 years behind...on a good day, which does have its charms...when it’s not pouring rain. 
Wait, what do you do for a living, if you don’t mind me asking?

Normally, leg tattoos are safe, no?
Do it!

I'm a few years from early retirement, but every single one of my tattoos is "coverable" with a shirt. Nothing too low on the wrists, nothing on my neck, etc. In my opinion, you should only get "careerstopper" tattoos if you work in the industry, but that's just me.
Let's try his language:

01101000 01100001 01110000 01110000 01111001 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101011 01100101 00100000 01100100 01100001 01111001
Mine's a way overdue overhaul of my left 3/4 sleeve, plus a new one on my chest - then I'm done. I want to finish/polish what I started and just enjoy it.


🙋‍♂️

Spent more than I should on clothing, plus whatever I received for Christmas, and I’m already anxious for the first SS18 releases. 

Also bought some new furniture, a new bag for my wife, and I put some tattoo cash aside. 
Oh, I really like the Schott personally...
Of course it's pouring rain just as we get into Lisbon to unwind before our bigger trip.

Wet cobblestone is bad news, wet cobblestone roads that rival San Francisco in terms of steepness is just asking for trouble.
Happy birthday; Herzlichen Glückwunsch zum Geburtstag (nachträglich)!
UO put 3Sixteen goods on sale, which was against the set wholesale terms.

If you want the exact details, PM them - but I remember them (rightfully) being pissed about it. Most brands opt to have sales for their goods, only a select minority will NEVER put their goods on sale (see: LV shredding old bags & garments to make sure they don't end up on the grey market); however, usually the brands set the terms of the sale (how long a product has to remain on the shelf at the set MSRP for example), as well as how far a retailer/etailer can go down in price once the period expires.

I deal with this on a daily basis in my job - the brands I represent have some of the strictest policies in the fashion industry.
Damn - is Berlin really that bad? It has been a while since I visited, and my family is from NRW - I’m genuinely curious. 
That's what I figured, especially after the Urban Outfitters fiasco.
Not a lot of people can pull of that type of hat, but it looks absolutely stellar on you - especially with the matching coat.
I hope u/ajchen is doing something about this - unless 3Sixteen are cool with this, it won’t be long until others follow suit & you’ll see their denim on sale @ Amazon. 

Nice, in-depth...everything that 80% of YouTube’s original content isn’t anymore. 

I’m glad to see channels like this one still going strong. 
Gonna post some outfit shots to r/malefashion, and possibly a haul-pic on here in the next GD. 

Only 70% of the stuff is mine, the rest is presents. 
r/rawdenim just died a little inside...
In Germany, we learn that street signs apply when the traffic lights are out/not working.

I'd drive straight through...then again, it's the US - maybe the rules are different?
That’s why I use the external trackpad. Tried the mouse with gestures, and for some reason it didn’t make any sense to me. 

Plus, I’m used to working with a multitouch trackpad on my laptop, so there’s that...
Do you already have a specific model/pair in mind?

Edit: never mind, saw the AKG comment. Nice choice!
Amp. Then raws. 
After all the shopping, cooking, and organising - the holidays are over. Decorations are packed away, and our beloved home is back to normal.

I got an additional 30% off of all sale items on Mr Porter 24 hours before the sale went live. My order shipped yesterday: 7 large boxes, including some CP, SNS & RRL goodies I’m bringing with me to Canada for some friends there, because CP’s cost [$535 plus tax](https://rodengray.com/collections/common-projects/products/originalachilleslowwh) there, which is insane.

Also, we get to see my wife’s brother’s family, who couldn’t make it to Paris for the holidays, and I’m meeting two of the beta testers for our new app in person for the first time. Should be fun - going from +9C in Paris to -6C in Toronto, then -11 in Detroit, and finally +11C in Madrid (going to spend a week there before heading back to Paris).

Nice fades, I can see these being perfect for someone who wants to try out raws without spending $200+. 


Your username gave that away :)
u/nakedandfamousdenim might want your jacket for their Wall of Fame eventually :)
What's on your wish list?
Let me check how much postage would be & get back to you. 

What does your current setup look like?
Off topic, but where are you located? Depending on where you are, I’ll gladly ship a goodie box to you to start 2018 off right. 
I wear a pair of old beater APCs around the house - mostly for cooking and chores. I have a ton of wine stains on them, I wonder if this cancels them out?
Either way, I want a case.
Yeah, I moved away from “traditional” black metal a while ago, then the Icelandic scene exploded and churned out too many good acts to ignore. 

I don’t like “generic” black metal, the weirder (Jute Gyte), fucked up (Gnaw Their Tongues), or obscure (Blut Aus Nord) the better. Though I have to be in the mood for it. 70% of the music played in our house is either Jazz or Blues. 
Every episode is vastly different from the previous one, I loved some but hated others. 
Yeah, when we discovered it, we binged down the first two seasons. 
Third one came afterwards, right now we’re on S4E2.
But...if you take a break in between it’ll leave you whole. You don’t enjoy a side dish of permanent damage with your dystopian tv series?
Sleep falls more into the doom/stoner category for me. I live stuff like Sunn O))), Nadja, Gates, Black Boned Angel; as well as heavier/blackened stuff - think Sutekh Hexen, Gnaw Their Tongues, Utarm, etc. 
Same here. It looks like we'll be going to a friend's house for a get-together.

I was condering hosting, but I can't hack it this year.
Damn - thanks for the recommendation.
Same here. Social, but toned down - we’re not into the crazy partying anymore either. 

Sorry to hear about your pups - but best of luck to your brother!
I only found out about them after looking for beige/tan selvedge in a PNS fit. 
Jazz, with a mix of black metal, drone, and soundtracks. 
So - somewhat based on a true story, or truly based on a true story?
Either way, it sounds great - thanks for the heads up!
Wormwood?
Neat! 70% of my vinyl collection is Jazz - once you do down the rabbit hole, it's worse than any other genre I'm into.
Mind-fuckery. Every episode is entirely different, as in different plot, cast, sometimes even producer.

I was told to "just watch it" - I'll pass along the same advice :)
I see Dexter Gordon on the small shelf - do we have a fellow Jazz enthusiast in the room?
Sounds like it - good luck! I tried a few times, including tips from mom & the web, but mine never turned out 100% right. 
I'll stick with cooking, baking is not my strong suit.
I've got the wine, cheese, and candles ready.

I might switch to Scotch a couple of episodes in though...
Don't know if it was covered, but how about The Workers Club? Their stuff seems somewhat overpriced, but their jeans are well built.
Yeah, Lisbon fucking sucked in terms of humidity - not as bad as Bangkok, but close.

We don't have those problems in Paris or London.

Other than that, how did the macarons turn out? Did you try cold eggs (easier to separate) & enough sugar (stabilises the proteins, hence binds the whole shabam better)?
Bought two pairs as Christmas gifts for friends in the US...both pairs took 3 days (East Coast & West Coast), during the busiest shipping period of the year.

No problems with customs either.
Our apartment in Lisbon was humid as fuck - we didn't even notice it until we saw some of our books & magazines getting warped up. It was just a vacation rental, but we learned one thing: buy a proper dehumidifier. 

In Paris, it's not a big deal - but we still bought one (just in case the humidity goes over 46-48 in our place) to keep records, books, and other collectibles safe.
Aaand it's the weekend again. We're going to binge down the new season of "Black Mirror", drink wine, and be lazy.

What's everyone else up to?
Paris. 
Born and raised, but left for the US (and eventually Canada) in 2000. Moved a lot since then, now my wife (Canadian) and I settled down in Paris, but we split our time between here & London. 

My folks still live in NRW, my old Ruhrpott has changed a lot - but like Fitzgerald said: “It’s a funny thing about coming home. Looks the same, smells the same, feels the same. You’ll realize what’s changed is you.” 
In my case, I’ve probably been gone for too long :)
I just discovered AMERICAN - "Violate & Control". If you like The Body, give those guys a whirl.

Edit: Dig deeper into The Body's discography - they collaborated with Thou, Full of Hell, The Haxan Cloak, and Krieg (to name a few). There's no bad release, although my favourite is and will always be "All The Waters Of The World Turn To Blood".

Edit again: if you dig The Body try Primitve Man, Indian, Dragged Into Sunlight, Wrekmeister Harmonies, Monarch...to name some more.
Too much clothing to list - and only two denim/raw-related items: Blue Blue Japan lined wool jacket/blazer & a beige pair of The Worker's Club selvedge raws. The latter fit exactly like APC's PNSs, so they're perfect for me.

Aside from those items, everything else falls into the menswear & formalwear category; it's all trousers, shirts, thin knits, blazers, etc.

I'm already sorting out my closet (again).
Ha - I grew up half an hour away from D-dorf. Left when I was 19, but when I was a kid, Düsseldorf, Dortmund, and Essen were our go-to places for shopping. That was back in the 90's, before malls popped up everywhere.
I know, we love it. It's between "winter magic" and mediterranean "winter" (read: spring for the rest of the Northern hemisphere).

Lisbon can be boring AF after 2-3 days, but it's quiet & warm.
...and what exactly is wrong with said routine? Scrap the "work afternoon" part, and you might just have discovered paradise :)
Holidays are over (or so I thought), so we decided to go for a walk. The city is a shitshow! We're considering going somewhere quiet for New Year's...Lisbon is on our list, maybe Vienna. There has to be a way to celebrate & socialise without deafening music & drunk people who constantly step on your shoes...
Long story short: her sitter took her for a bike ride, her first time without training wheels. For some reason, said sitter thought it would be a good idea to go down a hill on a very steep road. 

The picture tells the rest of the story. 
Bonus: she drew the "artwork" on the shirt herself with Puffy Paint.
Yeah, no discounts from Unionmade...
Yep. She sent me [this](https://i.imgur.com/sqGOQAi.jpg) when she was packing #1. 

Placed another order three days ago. Now I’m waiting for the sale. 
I’m waiting for the Mr Porter employee sale (which is 3 days before the public sale). 30% off of all sale items. 
I already put my friend through hell, she had to bring two suitcases with stuff that I ordered in December alone (she gets 50% off on 90% of the brands, 30% on the rest).
I haven’t even checked any other sites since then. 
I watched it (I’m fluent in German) - it’s incredible! I was surprised to see such a great production coming out of Germany. 
That’s a solid pair of raws - good choice, and congrats!
Knowing you, I don’t even want to know what sort of seasoning black magic you’ll subject the pork belly to. 

Then again, you did send me some solid tips in the past - so let me know what you’re doing with it!
It looks so useless and fun - I’m not going to show this to my wife. 
We haven’t started it yet, but it was recommend to us; we ended up looking into it, and it does look great. 
Like??? Don’t leave us hanging :)
Fuck, sorry dude. If you have the ingredients, make some hot toddy & sleep. My wife and I both caught bad colds a few weeks ago, and it worked wonders for us. 
We're going to start with Fargo (can't believe we didn't know it existed), then most likely re-watch Stranger Things S1 (which was better than S2 imo).

Other than that, we're lurking Reddit, do some online shopping, the usual holiday stuff.
> ya' filthy animals!

Some people genuinely don't know what to do when they crap their jeans. 
Others use power washers...

Happy Holidays! Besides family & friends, what's everyone up to? I've been recommended a bunch of good TV shows here lately (thanks to u/thedanceofdays), so we'll most likely binge after the family dinners.
Unfortunately, that’s how Apple & IAPs work. We might release a “pro” version in the future, so people can share the game with their friends & families, and keep the free one so users can try it before they buy it.
Could you see what happens when you try to buy it again? You should get a “You own a previous version of this app” message, and your purchase shouldn’t go through. 

Keep me updated please!
Hiya!

Could you please go into the game’s Settings panel & check if you see “Remove Ads” and “Restore Purchase”? If so, please click the latter. 

If this doesn’t work, please delete the app & re-install from the App Store. 
Sounds sweet - thanks for answering my (somewhat stupid) question, but I was genuinely curious :)
That's what she said :)

Having a birthday this close to Christmas, I have to ask: does it rule, or does it suck?

I'm asking because my MIL's birthday is on Halloween, and she told me it sucked when she was young (everyone was out Trick or Treating, etc.).
I'll give Fargo a whirl, thank you!
Shit, I forgot about Stranger Things - you’re right, it was perfect. Twin Peaks was...alright, I suppose? It had the feel of a Highschool reunion :)

I haven’t watched Fargo. 
I feel like a lot of movies this year were. IT was ok, I genuinely did not get the hype - the TV mini series wasn't perfect, but it captured the book much better than the 2017 take.

DUNKIRK told the story right, but it didn't have that "Nolan-feel" to it, from the dialogues to the camera work, all the way down to the score.

BABY DRIVER flat out sucked, with the exception of the soundtrack.

Or maybe I'm just turning into one of those "back in my days we knew how to shoot movies" assholes...I'm coming up on 37...
Late to the party, but Happy Birthday!
100% perfect!
Thank you so much! I promise that we’re already working on the next thing :)
No, thank you for your kind words :)
Love the guy’s work - my I had my Field Notes cover laser-engraved with [one of his quotes](https://i.imgur.com/9xkoXVa.jpg).
Anything by Jeremy Scahill, like [Dirty Wars](https://www.amazon.com/Dirty-Wars-Battlefield-Jeremy-Scahill/dp/1568589549/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1513498020&sr=8-1&keywords=jeremy+scahill) or [Blackwater](https://www.amazon.com/Blackwater-Powerful-Mercenary-Revised-Updated/dp/156858394X/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1513498020&sr=8-3&keywords=jeremy+scahill).
We're working on it. The idea is to combine it with an optional daily notification that the user can set up (time, difficulty, etc.).

Soon :)
They have a solid amount of guest artists coming through, and their in-house artists regularly travel all over Europe as well. I can’t recommend them enough. 
We appreciate it - what a good start into the weekend :)

Thank you!
LX Factory - Queen of Hearts tattoos. Look for a tiny girl with white hair, named Inês. Her English is perfect and she’ll hook you up with the right artist. They have two locations, one downtown & the other one being @ LX. Both my wife and I got tattooed there & made friends in the process, which is a huge bonus. 

All the best!
My wife and I made a simple, yet carefully curated & designed Sudoku puzzler - [Sudoku Master Edition](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sudoku-master-edition/id1260190370?mt=8).

You can use your Apple Pencil to enter numbers & take notes (for iPad Pro users), we have a curated soundtrack by ambient music composer [Earlyguard](https://earlyguard.bandcamp.com), you can choose fonts, colours, grid style, animation effects, as well as much more. Customisation is one of our biggest priorities.

It was featured by Apple as Game of the Day upon launch, and we have made some sigificant changes & improvements in the short period ever since, such as:

- Removed 30 second video ads (fuck you, "Final Fantasy" skinned crap).

- Added Classic Mode (after 500+ requests).

- Added Highlight colours.

- Simplefied the Settings panel.

We're constantly working on making the game better - we taught ourselves to code, and my wife is coming from a design background - but we understand that it's far from perfect.

Give it a shot, it's free. The only IAP is to remove banner ads.
My wife and I recently helped a homeless guy out on r/assistance. His Amazon wish list was full of socks, water, a lamp, propane, etc. Instead of buying huge presents for each other this year, we spent around $300 on keeping the guy warm. 

Check out r/assistance or r/random kindness. Amazon ships to post offices/post boxes. 

In our case, the recipient has government ID & a car, it’s just a matter of staying warm this winter. 
Send the link once it’s up. 
Start one for your debt. You’re young, everyone makes financial mistakes - you want a do-over. 

It’s worth a shot. 
It’s worth a try. 
You’re not in that much debt, yet you’re asking for a £1000 for a Christmas treat, which by most people’s account could be considered quite lavish. 

Pay off your debt - you’re young, and you’re working. When you’re in the plus you’ll be able to do something nice for your girlfriend, without having to bankroll the surprise by means of strangers. 

If you wanted to treat her to something reasonable, as in “within your means”, you would have been able to save up the £100-£150 to send her to the salon (or whatever tickles her fancy). A fiver here and there adds up quickly. 

Do you truly NEED £1000 for Christmas? And how would she feel about knowing that strangers paid for her “gift”?
Try online gigs, like Fiverr or Upwork. 

You won’t get rich, but it’s a start. 
Am I getting this right? You’re asking for donations to buy something for your girlfriend, versus using the money to get out of debt?

I have no trouble helping, my wife and I just spent around £250 to help a homeless guy get some basics - he just wants to stay warm & eat. 

Your GoFundMe looks (and sounds) like you’re trying to crowdfund your girlfriend’s Christmas. 
Glad to see you’re all set! Our cards have been tapped & we received shipment notifications from Amazon, so you should be warm, fed & have propane by the end of the week. 

Merry Christmas - PM us if you need to talk. 
I meant rollerballs and gel pens. Corrected, thank you :)
I'm an avid fountain pen user, but Field Notes paper just isn't cut out for those, so I usually rely on my Caran D'Ache Ecridor ballpoint (Goliath refill) or my Fisher Space Pen.

I'm not certain how well rollerballs/gel pens would perform, since I don't own any.
We got Prime & knocked his list down by about 85%.

Worth it - instead of buying each other crap for Christmas we don't need.
- Music-relevant news 
- Genre-specific shows (Headbanger’s Ball, Yo MTV Raps, etc.)
- Proper interviews with bands
- Unplugged
- MTV Live!

Without them, 90’ies music (be if metal, punk, grunge, boy bands, rap, etc.) wouldn’t have been the same. 

Nowadays, it’s one endless commercial, filled with some “reality show” garbage. 
Not having to fact-check every article that comes out against The Onion, since some of the headlines make their copywriters look like interns. 
Thank you! We had some help from friends all over the world - we implemented 11 translations so far, with more to come :)
Right now, it's not a feature but it's on our list of future updates.

The most requested feature to date has been Classic Mode - people wanted to solve everything on their own, without any help from the app (like in the pen & paper days); but we are planning on adding a feature that displays "possibles" in the empty squares.
Thank you! We're trying our best - and like I said, the 30 second clips definitelty paid better, but in the end we simply received too many complaints about ads that users couldn't close, forcing them to close the app & start over. Since the app networks offered no solution, we decided to disable the videos.
‘Member ports? ‘Member when a mayor OS-update was exciting, and everything “just worked”? ‘Member when trips to the Genius Bar were rare?


Stick around long enough on this sub and this will be merely your kit for a two-week getaway. 
r/gifsthatendtoosoon - I could watch this for hours. 
Thank you for your valuable input. You changed the way I comment on Reddit from this day forward forever. /s
The branding potentials are limitless:

- Flasks engraved with “One for the road.”
- Pens for “your last words”.
- Pocket knives “Problem solver” 


The “stunt” on the mini-Segway thing is pure nope-material. 
I’m gonna grab some popcorn, this comment section is gonna be fun. 
Her "CITIZENS ARREST!!!" reminds me of [this gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuGIgf-ICHM) - I don't think that's how a citizen's arrest works.

Edit: Lady also needs to take it easy on the poor pupper, and not jank the poor dog up and down the road like that.
Not a best friend, but on track to becoming one: my wife and I decided to help out someone & his family. He wasn't really in a pickle, but we felt like he deserved a bit of head-start in life, since he seemed to be a hard-working, well-meaning guy. We decided to start small, feel everything out, and gradually get him "there".

He wanted to get something specific for a family member of his', so we decided to get it. He decided to sell said item to take his wife to a concert. While it doesn't seem like a big deal, it did sting - given that he knew that we had a history of being taken advantage of.

We haven't really talked since then, and while I don't hold any ill feelings towards him, it did kind of put us off of helping internet strangers out.
I bring my pug anywhere with me.

Menswear.

Skincare/fragrances.

A visit to the barber exactly every two weeks.

Scotch.

Leaving little love notes for my wife to find in odd places.
Anything by Werner Herzog really.
Nothing. Being silent around one another shouldn't feel awkward with the right person; in fact, it can be quite peaceful at times to just sit and be quiet. Worst case, put on a good record.
Short answer: yes. Long answer: fuck yeah she is!
Link to your site?
Hm, let's see:

Got a pair of [Kingsman x Cutler & Gross](https://www.mrporter.com/en-pt/mens/kingsman/--cutler-and-gross-d-frame-acetate-sunglasses/804284?ppv=2), [Saint Laurents](https://www.mrporter.com/en-pt/mens/saint_laurent/d-frame-tortoiseshell-acetate-and-silver-tone-sunglasses/885057?ppv=2), as well as another pair of [Oliver Peoples](https://www.mrporter.com/en-pt/mens/oliver_peoples/round-frame-tortoiseshell-acetate-and-silver-tone-sunglasses/942178?ppv=2) .

I slimmed down my collection a lot - I got rid of all Persols, except for one pair - and I only kept 2 Tom Fords & 2 other Oliver Peoples frames. Gave away my Moscots & Garret Leights.
I spent too much money on sunglasses lately...I feel you. 
Yes, we are...someone give that model a Snickers, he looks hungry. 

Is that cardigan shrink-to-fit?
Checking MR Porter, RRL’s Beacon Shawl Collar cardigan can be picked up for sub-€1000. 
The one from the GQ shoot? Stretched out on the couch or floor? Could have been, I had a friend look into it who knows more about vintage RRL than I care to admit; he suggested a cardigan to me that looks pretty identical, if not eerily similar. 

If it’s Burberry, I’ll check again since it’ll be sub €1000 for certain then. 
I get a substantial discount at most sites/ stores I shop at, and my folks still give me crazy eyes/head-shakes when they see how much I spend on clothing. 

I bought my dad some nice knits. He looked them up online, found out the prices, now they sit in the closet like museum pieces. 
Yep.

Edit: Although I believe there's a re-issue that can be had for less. I'm gonna check.
Right??? I recently discovered one that Jeff Bridges was wearing during a photo shoot - found one would fit for €1200. I haven't pulled the trigger, but it's so tempting...
People who blame everything, including their own shortcomings, misfortunes, mishaps on everyone else. 
Congrats on the weight loss! Jeans look great.
[EARTH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKdIsVcw06Y): Guitar-drone, with earlier albums being on the heavier side. "The Bees Made Honey in the Lion's Skull" marked their foray into a more melodic, relaxing, and atmospheric sound - with the latest album, "Primitive and Deadly" even incorporating vocals by guest artists (like Mark Lanegan) for the first time. Sunn O))) initially started out as an EARTH-tribute band.

[PHRONESIS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BoUh8kfhX4): In my opinion, one of the most underrated modern Jazz acts to come out of Europe.

[NOTHING](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI7KjCAKeCk): Loud, eardrum-shattering shoegaze rock with incredibly mellow vocals. Their first and second albums ("Downward Years to Come" & "Guilty of Everything") pretty much follow the same tone, with their latest effort ("Tired of Tomorrow") being a bit more toned down.

[THROANE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr8zrJL-GEc): Black Metal meets Sludge meets Post-Rock. It's atmospheric, it's claustrophobic, and it's even harder to explain. Both albums were released within the past 2 years, and are equally outstanding. Think Neurosis meets Deathspell Omega.

I'll add more if I can think of any...
I understand that it says "priceless", but surely they must have had some sort of insurance though, right?
In this particular case, the "pushers" of the "Final Fantasy" ad pay pretty much every network the highest bid to be on top of the waterfall system. A dev would have to disable every single ad network to get rid of one particular ad.
User metrics. I have an app, which was featured by Apple. Free to download and play, including all features. The only IAP is to remove ads once and for all, nothing more.

The free users outweigh the paid ones roughly 25:1.
Yeah, because there are no white people who have it hard nowadays. Do you read books without pictures? If so, maybe give “Hillbilly Elegy” by J.D. Vance a try. 

First, you decided to be a misogynist, sad excuse for a “man” by calling me a Chad (which never made sense - are you that angry at men who possess basic social skills, which translate into their private & professional lives, eventually leading to success? Is it anger or envy?); now you’re including my ethnicity in your hate/envy tirade? I have met people who had everything handed to them, and yet they still managed to throw it all away; whilst also having met an equal amount of individuals who managed to make something out of nothing. Males and females alike, and for what it’s worth: not just attractive or socially capable individuals either. All I gather from your ramblings is a deep sense of misplaced hatred to somehow excuse your own short comings. 
“Fuck bitches, get money” was my favourite. 

I’d say that I pity you, but reading your initial response again I’d rather not think about you at all. 

Best of luck to yous. 
It’s a mixture of living in both London & Paris, my job, and certain friends. 
No, I am in the process of working with the ad services as much as I can to block ads like the one posted above. I don't make money when users (rightfully) get upset and end up deleting the app.

What you don't understand is that a lot of people simply don't want to pay for a game/app, and are perfectly fine with ads.

"I’d prefer to pay for the app than pay to remove the ads from the app." - I don't see a difference, other than the free version giving you an option to try out the game/app before paying for it.

Maybe get back to me once you developed an app, put it out there for a fixed price, without an option to try it out first. Let me know how that's working out in terms of hours worked, marketing dollars spent, etc.
My example is the perfect proof that ads, vs. "pay to remove ads" works just fine. Seems to me that u/lending_ear shares the same sentiment, therefore we both know what we're talking about, rendering your "Just make your app paid from the start" argument invalid. That is of course until you develop your own, at which point I might take your input a bit more seriously.
I think my idea was good, since I got featured by Apple.

Charging upfront deters people from downloading your app; by making it free the user ultimately gets to decide whether or not they want to delete it, keep it (with ads), or pay to have ads removed. In the end, I am charging for the app - by giving users a choice: if you're cool with ads, enjoy the game for free, and I receive ad revenue so I can keep on developing. Or, pay - and I receive revenue for future updates & features.
Coming from a non-developer, this is a bolt statement. 

What’s your marketing strategy to get (and keep) new users? What about the casual gamer who never spends a $ on games, because they don’t mind ads?
Because your argument was questionable. 
What’s the difference? By making my app available for free (with ad support), I’m not forcing users to fork over cash just to try it. They can decide whether or not it’s worth the money based on using the app, vs relying on reviews alone. 
Cry about what? My app is free and ad supported - no micro transactions. The only IAP is to get rid of ads. 

I welcome your suggestions - what solution did you come up with for your app?
Thank you!
This needs to be higher. Thank you.
What's your career, if you don't mind me asking? Link to your app while you're at it.
Most apps give users the option to pay to have ads removed. The problem are entitled users who want everything handed to them for free.


The app gets ruined by shitty ad networks, not the devs. 

Have you sat down for 200+ hours to design, code, and market an app without any pay? Do you plan on doing so? 

1-star reviews solely based on players not liking the app are unfair, since they don't reflect the quality of the app in question. Certain people just feel entitled; if you like the app but don't like the ads, why not pay for it? If it should be 100% free in your opinion, either make your own & release it, or alternatively work for free in your current job for 1-2 months.
You're more than right on this one. The way I see it is that ad-supported apps give the customer the option to try out the game/app, before handing over the money.

What used to be a "trial version" pre-App Store days is now ad supported, with the option to pay for the app by having the ads removed. It also gives customers more than x-amount of days to try the game/app, whereas trials would only work for a week or two.

I don't like the whole "Buy 5 gems" or "Buy this car" crap, but when it comes to a one-time purchase to remove ads I'm all for it. Devs have to earn a living one way or another.
I love soundtracks & scores, so I usually stick around for those credits.
I wonder what's going to happen first - her losing her job, or this thread getting locked.
Fuck De Beers. I never understood the whole "spend x-months of your salary on an engagement ring" sentiment. Combined with big, lavish weddings, it seems like a fast way for young couples to accumulate debt. 

If you have the money for a big rock, cool. If you can afford a big wedding, sweet! If you can't, don't fall for the marketing trap.
Having dealt with this I can’t even tell you how much of a nightmare it is to try to prevent this ad from showing up in your waterfall system. 

Unfortunately, the devs of FF pay the highest to be right up on the top, even in smaller, lesser-known games. 
Even if you wrote your post with an intended tongue-in-cheek tone, you somehow managed to achieve the polar opposite. 

Now, you’re just coming off as an ungrateful brat. 
John Malkovich is incredibly soft spoken and friendly. 

Johnny Depp mumbles even more in person than he does in interviews - all you can do is nod. 

Florence Welch came into my wife’s shop a couple of times & would just chat about anything and everything. 

Eve (the rapper) is incredibly friendly.

Natalie Imbruglia stopped by a few times with her dog. She seems nice. 

Chatted with Kate Upton at a party for a short time (15 mins tops). She’s very down to earth, funny, and witty. 

Jeremy Piven is a cunt. 

Adrian Brody is one of the nicest guys I have ever met. He happened to shop at the same boutique I was at; they locked the doors after he came in, leaving just him & 2 other customers. 10/10 - would take shirting advice from him again. 

Edit - some more then:

Dave Grohl really is the nice guys everyone thinks/hopes he is when he’s in private - if not funnier and more kind. 

The same goes for Jack Black. 

Karlie Kloss is incredibly intelligent and fun to be around. Also, tall (and I’m 6.3’).

Mark Lanegan is very quiet and shy. 

Amber Heard loves pugs and didn’t mind ours furring up her dress. 
Hey - it’s the same pic they sell in London as”London at Night” postcards. 
I tend to pick up a unique, small-ish bowl from every new place I visit, and use it as a shaving scuttle. 

I found a nice, large copper tea cup in my wife’s old apartment - she had no idea how it got there (previous tenants left it most likely). Looked it up online - it dates back to the 70’s. It’s my favourite. 
After carefully reading your entire comment I’m fairly certain that “yous” giving up on dating wasn’t voluntary at all, but at the same time I’m glad it happened. It proves Darwin’s natural selection process right. 

Speaking of money - I happen to be debt free, 37, married & on track towards early retirement. My tip: once you have a couple of spare dollars, buy a dictionary. You’re welcome. 


Oh no - please help :)
I’m already married. Maybe one day you’ll make it out of the friend zone and get somewhere with a woman too, but I highly doubt it. 
I happen to believe in men’s rights, while also having a feminist stance. I’m male by the way, and judging by your comment history you wouldn’t dare to say anything like the crap you’re typing on here to me face to face. 

Fuck off. 
Wow - please tell me you forgot the /s at the end?

You sound like you have some serious issues. Please don’t ever leave your basement. 


Do you know her personally to make a blunt statement like that? Because if you don’t, I highly suggest you get over r/incels closing down & maybe start working on your social skills before you go around blasting strangers online. 

Moron. 
We do in France and the UK (chip & pin that is).
Good. Let’s hope that something comes out of it in terms of evidence, prosecution & punishment. I’m optimistic for the first two, but not so much about the punishment part. 
Donnie Darko’s family?
Queue u/fuckswithducks in 3...2...1...
Tried helping out a guy little by little...starting with small gestures, but always with one big goal in mind: help him to get a head-start in life, get out of debt, and simply be able to afford himself some extra luxuries.

He (probably unintentionally) messed up by selling something that my wife and I gifted to him for a family member of his’ to take his wife to a show. I’m not a petty person, but for some reason that stung more than it should have - especially since he knew that people taking advantage of our generosity is one of my sore spots. 

Haven’t really talked to him in over a year, which is too bad since I did consider him a friend. 
OP seems to think that all feminists = Tumblr SJWs. Maybe OP needs to get some fresh air and dust up on his social skills. 
I read a comment on Reddit a while ago, dealing with the loss of a pet. I have a 10-year old pug, who has been with me every single day, around the world since she was 4 months old. 

Edit: Found the comment:

Originally from this post (all credit to /u/milkyj), I found the words quite comforting when my vvv old pet died:

"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to “death”, don’t really understand this. I’ve had no desire to explain, but won’t be around forever and must.

Dogs never die. They don’t know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they don’t die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say:” No, no, not a good idea. Let’s not go for a walk.” Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that’s what dogs are. They walk.

It’s not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dog’s mark, a rotting chicken bone ( exultation), and you. That’s what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.

However, dogs get very very sleepy. That’s the thing, you see. They don’t teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. It’s a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.

When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging it’s tail madly, you see, and that’s why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest.
Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. That’s when they say: “Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.”
When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and that’s why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, it’s a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it’s a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)

Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and don’t want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.

But don’t get fooled. They are not “dead.” There’s no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when you’re not expecting it. It’s just who they are.
I feel sorry for people who don’t have dogs sleeping in their heart. You’ve missed so much. Excuse me, I have to go cry now."
No worries!

It also helps a little if you schedule everything right. For example: we usually go inside, check in, check our luggage, then go back outside and walk around/play with her (as much as a 10 year old pug wants to play :)).

When it's time to go through security she goes into her soft carrier. Past security, we usually grab coffee & she sits on one of our laps. 

After take-off, we always open the large side-flap of the carrier, so she can stretch out aaaall the way. We also book economy plus for everything longer than 2 hours, and 1st/business class for everything longer than 6 hours. Other than for take-off and landing, she's never "locked" in the carrier & stashed under the front seat.

We have yet to encounter a flight attendant who doesn't love her. Slices of cheese and ham seem to be appearing out of thin air a lot :)
Not a cat, but a pug - a very snuggly one: I move her, she gets pissed about it, by the time I come the bathroom she has taken over my pillow. I move her again, she gets pissed again,  it usually she’s snuggled back up within 5 minutes. 

TL,DR: pug gets pissed, pug gets over it. 
This almost looks like a low-quality training video, that could be titled “...and if an idiot doesn’t get it the first time”.
Pee pad inside the carrier, in case she needs to go. 

Usually she holds it and unleashes once we arrive. 
I’m always surprised that a lot of people have never heard of Earth before. 
Don’t forget to PM!
I forgot to mention a bunch of black metal albums, but I didn’t want to clutter the thread. 
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you :)
It's on my personal list :)

Good catch!
Well, if you prefer your drone on the heavier side, might I suggest Nadja, Black Boned Angel, Yhdarl, Gates (Toronto), Aderlating or the obvious Sunn O)))?

Unless you'd like to take it a step further, in which case check out Utarm, Nahvalr, or Gnaw Their Tongues - all more blackened drone/black metal influenced.
If you like more accessible guitar drone, check out Barn Owl. I’d recommend starting with “Ancestral Star”. Jon Porras & Evan Caminiti (who are Barn Owl) also wach have their own respective discographies of solo releases. 

Barn Owl is very “desert-droney”.
Bill Evans, John Coltrane, Julian Adderley...almost everyone became an icon in their own respective ways. 
Sure - nice to meet you :)

And thank you!
I could go on forever...Bill Evans’ “Loose Blues”, Coltrane’s “Blue Train”, really anything by Vince Guaraldi, Stan Getz, Grant Green, etc. 

I’ve only discovered Jazz 5 years ago, so I’ve barely scratched the surface :)

Do you have any recommendations for modern acts? I’ve discovered Phronesis last year, and I can’t get enough of the more “modern meets classical” sound. 
I like the new direction Earth is taking as well - introducing vocals (Mark Lanegan), and collaborating with power-electronics artists, like The Bug. 
Awesome - thank you :)
Happy Birthday!
[Sudoku Master Edition](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sudoku-master-edition/id1260190370?mt=8).

We have a huge update coming out next week, which will include the much-requested "Classic Mode", as well as bug fixes, added languages, a re-designed Settings panel, and more. It was something we wanted to do just because we couldn't find a puzzler that we liked (in terms of aesthetics & customisation options).

Our next gig is going to be a proper app - an AR-powered field kit for cinematographers. We're working with 2 hardware companies, as well as a bunch of cinematographers & videographers to make it happen.

We got featured by Apple once - we'll do it again :)
I’m going to get downvoted like an EA rep for saying this, but I didn’t like “Villains” at all. Given that they’re one of my top 10 bands as well, I wonder if it’s me...
Hobby? I’d call it a prime example of human decency. 
Long time, no speak. First off - Happy Thanksgiving :)

We went Christmas decoration shopping this week - a first for me. Now I can be that guy who has a box labelled “X-Mas” with tangled cords in storage too. 

Our second app is slowly coming along, but we’re taking it a bit easy for now until January & actually enjoy the holiday season. 

Other than that...what’s up?
Mostly software/internet deals...Little Snitch, Protonmail plan, 2 VPN renewals. 

PSA: The Next Door has up to 50% off. 
QOTSA - “Songs for the Deaf”

Miles Davis - “Kind of Blue”

Converge - “Jane Doe”

Earth - “The Bees Made Honey in the Lion’s Skull”
Power-tripping fucks. Good for the guys for knowing his rights - I’m sure if this video gets enough attention, something will be done about the officers in this clip. /s
Turkey loaf w/ garlic, rosemary, peas, carrots & blueberries FTW :)
Also, you get to enjoy the bliss that is Zooplus (either from Germany, the Netherlands or the UK).

They have some great organic wet foods (with proper ingredients - read: no fillers, wheats, "meat byproducts" or crap like that).
Regarding your question about travelling: I got my beast in Canada. Since then, she has lived in the Netherlands, France, UK, Thailand, and Portugal. We travel frequently, and she always comes into the cabin with us. We have a soft carrier, and most airlines allow dogs for a small fee (usually around $150), as long as they’re under 10kgs. 

It’s perfectly normal for her to fly from Paris to Toronto - she loves it. Most of the time she sleeps, when she’s up, she flirts with the flight attendants. 

We’re about to celebrate her 10th birthday, and she’s as playful (and lazy at the same time) as ever. 

My tip: get a pet passport, make sure your vet fills out every section when you for the yearly shots & check-ups. 
Actor: Tom Hanks for dinner and drinks...hopefully some shenanigans out on the town.

Actress: Eva Green. Dinner, drinks...and also hoping for some shenanigans out on the town.
Having lived in Canada for five years, I miss Roots sweatpants so much!

Lucky for me, my wife is Canadian, and her mom is coming to visit :)
I'm 6.3'/192cm tall, 37, not a sign of hair loss, and no history of dementia or cancer in my family.

I never thought about this until I had a chat with my mom recently...so, yeah - genetic lottery.
I first met my wife in 2008. After two dates I moved, and I didn't see her again until 2011 (which happened to be on the other side of Canada). We only saw each other once, until I moved to Europe. 

Something told me to send her an email in 2015. Turns out she was also in Europe (unbeknownst to me), pretty much around the corner from me (Amsterdam - London). I packed up everything, moved, and married her. Soulmates do exist.

That, and the fact that my parents are 60 & 70, and both healthy as horses.
[It's one of my favourite songs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeV29BpD_3o) by one of my top 10 bands out there.
Isn’t she one of those anti-vaccination advocate arsemongers?
Pictures of pugs (or dogs in general), anything my wife posts or comments on, as well as helpful and/or funny comments. 
It’s a toss-up between obscure/niche black metal & late 50’s - early 60’s Jazz. I usually let shuffle pick my the soundtrack for my morning espresso. 
Is r/cringe leaking?
Nice! Where to? My wife and I are contemplating taking off to Central & South America for a prolonged period.
Oh no, I never meant to imply that he should have either. I am just saying...there are probably "safer" stores to have a freakout at.
All jokes aside, she seems to have a great sense of humor - I hope she recovers soon!

Edit: Alright, I get it - "that's the joke" - so, no jokes aside? Also - humor for our American English friends, humour for our British English mates.
This is the second video today showing extraordinary patience. For all the flack that US cops catch on a daily basis, this guy deserves twice the praise.
1 - People care and think less about you thank you think: the sooner you realise this, the sooner you'll be able to live a happy and fulfilled life.

2 - Have a set of morals & ethic guidelines. More importantly: stick to them.

3 - Save up. It's never "too soon" or "too late". If you started today with a few bucks, you did more than you did yesterday. The same can be said about exercise, reading a single page of a book, or quitting smoking.

4 - Don't be a bully.
Disconnecting & travelling by myself for 6 months throughout SE Asia. No internet, other than on my iPhone to stay in touch with my folks and a few friends. Not being able to read the street signs, leaving comforts I had taken for granted behind, and just waking up every day knowing that a whole new adventure waited for me.


For a big dude surrounded by "don't fuck around" tools & utilities, he has the patience of a saint.
As a non-American, this makes zero sense to me.
Yeah, and I wouldn’t be in the position I’m in if it weren’t for my parents - that’s for certain. I’m by no means “self-made”.
I am German, splitting my time between London and Paris (mostly Paris though). Living here, you'll have to learn French. I do know a few people who work in an English setting, but they're one in a million.

Having lived and worked in Amsterdam, I highly suggest looking into the Netherlands. Healthcare is great, and while Amsterdam may not be the cheapest city to rent in, public transport is fantastic (meaning you could live in Haarlem for example). However, since you'd be applying for corporate jobs, I'd also suggest looking into Den Haag/The Hague. 

I don't quite know what your chances would be for the UK, but let me ask my wife later on - she's Canadian, and she moved to the UK 4 years ago.
I am. Made smart decisions in my 20's, largely due to my parents' input & with their guidance and help. Started making important purchases in my early to mid 30's.

Coming up on 37, I don't have a mortgage or any other debt/monthly payments, other than bills, and money that goes into savings.
Tall, smooth, photogenic, looks like a cuddler - the seal obviously. They're the pugs of the sea!
Have you looked into consultancy jobs? If you have relevant corporate experience, it might help you get a foot in the door.

Also, do you speak any languages other than English? And do you have any particular countries in mind?
I personally enjoyed [Exam](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1258197/) a lot.
Other than the obvious, previous mentions (persistent cough, lumps, joint aches, etc.) I'd recommend not leaving anything teeth-related until the last second. A checkup including x-rays twice a year can make all the difference, as well as save you a lot of pain (and necessary procedures) down the road. 
May I ask what kind of law you specialised in?
No worries! If he’s interested in the Japanese side of post WW2, I also highly recommend John Dower’s “Embracing Defeat”, which deals with the struggles that Japanese soldiers faced after returning home. 

Another good one would be Eric Larson’s “In the Garden of Beasts”. It’s written like a novel, but takes after historical facts; the premise is written around America’s first ambassador to Hitler’s Germany.  
Sure, he "won" this round, but looking back on 2016 I wish he had been short on quarters.
Is there anything in particular he likes? If it's photography you're after, I highly recommened the works of Robert Doisneau. He protrayed France (mostly Paris) pre, during, and post WW2.

Currently, I am reading "Americans in Paris - Life and Death under Nazi Occupation" by Charles Glass; next on my list is "When Paris Went Dark" by Ronald Rosbottom. I live in Paris, but I was born & raised in Germany, so the fact that Hitler left Paris unscathed (unlike Warsaw for example) interests me.

r/Book_Recommendations might also be able to help you out.
So, carrying a cricket bat is cool, but I can't carry a proper pocket knife in the UK?
Pop music, screaming kids, crumbs in every bed, no "perfectly dry" towels, always a bit too hot or cold, no wine or scotch.

I could add more, but the more I think about it the more I realise how much the miniscule details matter every day. Like not living next to a school.
Damn...straight up incredible.

It always amazes me how much the face changes when a person loses a bunch of weight.

Keep it up!
So...they’re doing what APC have been doing for 30 years, including manufacturing in Turkey? Just more expensive? I give them 6 months tops. 

If you’re into fashion & enjoy unbranded, quality goods do yourself a favour and look at brands like A Kind Of Guise (German, everything made in Germany), AMI (French, everything made in Portugal or Italy), Common Projects (made in Italy), Officine Generale (French, made in Portugal or France).
As well as [Mismo](https://Mismo.dk) or Leon Flam. Better quality, made in Denmark or France, better prices & designs. 


r/rawdenim. You're welcome.
So, existing Protonmail clients will have to sign up for a new account to get a @pm.me address, or do their existing accounts migrate (like when @mac.com switched/migrated to @me.com)?
I figured as much. 

Thank you!
His books (albeit some of them being 1st editions) are mass produced. Some of my records are pretty rare (think original Mono pressings, Jazz & some niche black metal), but one could argue that an edition of 200 is still mass produced. 
They are (in my opinion) a "sort of protected class"; very much like pieces of art, records...you get the idea.

In this instance, we're one's personal affection or desire to retain knowledge in its purest, physical form. Digital files can get lost (books can get damaged/burned) - one could even argue that having multiple digital backups would be the way to go.

However, to some people the physical medium matters as much as its content.

Example: I am well aware of the fact that I could reduce my media library to "just digital", but I won't - simply because I don't want to. I like records - the artwork, the feeling of having to listen to an album in its entirety. Sentimental reasons overcome practical purposes in this instance, which is why I understand OP's hesitation for wanting to get rid of his books.
Couldn’t agree more. Minimalism (to me) isn’t about reducing quantity, but appreciating & valuing quality, which inevitably leads to buying less unnecessary things. 

Books are never unnecessary. Whether you have an emotional connection or not, if something inside of you tells you to hold on to them, do so. 
Yes, I got the same size in both models; and yes - I use cedar shoe trees in every single pair I wear. 
Hahaha, while I appreciate the offer, our friend is only allowed a certain amount of people using his discount. If I suddenly were to start shopping for different sizes I’d lose the discount as quickly as it came. 

While I get to buy a few Christmas presents with the discount, they’ll most likely be accessories. 

Finally: my wife collects wines, I have recently gotten into scotch. We live in Paris, but travel to Italy & the UK frequently, so we’re all set - but thank you :)
Yeah, I like it too. Jacob Bannon is going to curate Roadburn 2018, so that should be fun as well.

And yes, it is. Before we'd get 30% off of most brands. Now it's half off.
One of our closet friends recently got the promotion of a lifetime. Now it’s 50% off across everything YNAT (Yoox, Net-A-Porter, Mr Porter) have to offer.

[The madness has already begun](https://imgur.com/a/y1j0Z).

There are some exceptions - certain brands are “only” 40% off (mostly brands I have never heard of, as well as some luxury watch brands).

Christmas shopping this year is going to be a breeze.

AND October was a killer month for music: new Blut Aus Nord, Throane, GY!BE, Altarage, and Converge. 
Some are doubles, as in 2 brand new pairs of white, another grey, another black. 

But I was planning on posting a new wheel-pic in the coming weeks :)
Expect what? You’re portraying it in a way that “women come home and complain”.

Speaking from personal experience, the only time my wife “complains” is when the guy wouldn’t take “No” / “I’m married” / “Not interested” for an answer. Some guys tend to get a little butthurt in the ego-department, which isn’t right. Rejection is a part of life, it’s not exclusive to social settings or relationships. 

Should women expect to get hit on when they go out clubbing? Not any more than they should when they shop, grab coffee, walk their dogs, go to the gym, go to the grocery store, etc. The only difference is that a nightclub thrives on the social setting. Add alcohol, lowered inhibitions, and a good time - of course some guys are going to try and make their moves. That’s perfectly acceptable, as long as they fuck off once they get a “no”. 

Again, I have yet to hear a woman complain a out a guy who hit on her, but left her alone the second she shut him down. Women complain (rightfully) when guys get pushy, or simply don’t get the message. 

EDIT: Deleting all of your comments. Yep, “real man” right there. Doesn’t stand by his word, lies about having a wife - at best you’re a 24 year old turd. 
No need. I am not defending anything. Im calling you on your “girls can dance at home if they don’t want to get hit on at clubs” bullshit. 

I don’t need to get into online pissing contests with insecure boys to “look like a real man”.

But thanks for the concern. 
Yes. Girl pos(t)ing as a guy. Maybe take a second to check my post history before making yourself even dumber (if that’s even possible)?

Mid 30’s, married, good job. “Double-digit IQ” was a friendly version of calling you mentally challenged, based on your verbal diarrhea. 


“My wife”

Aww, you named your fleshlight? That’s cute. 

If however (and I seriously doubt it) she’s real AND has a valid excuse for marrying a walking double-digit IQ i deeply feel for her. 

I bet she has a rad stereo though...
Fellow guy here: please stay at home with your stereo & red pill buddies. Since when do women need a reason to go to a club, other than wanting to go to a club? Sure - some might be looking to meet guys, but some might not. It sounds to me like your fragile ego got hurt one too many times because you simply cannot comprehend the meaning of “no”.

If clubs are for singles only I think we should have the same rule for gyms. Women can work out at home, with their friends. Bonus: the newly acquired stereo will come in handy for dance-workouts. 

Fuck off you muppet. 
Thank you so much!

We'll be releasing V3.0 soon (1-2 weeks), which will feature Classic Mode: the "true" pen & paper experience. No bounced errors, no error highlights, no scoring.


Thank you so much :)

If you have any feedback/suggestions, we'd love to hear them!
I personally enjoyed “Decision Points” a lot. 
Yes, it's coming back with the next update (next week), as well as a "real" Sudoku mode, which won't tell you when you made a mistake (gotta figure those out by yourself :)).

Thank you!
It’s a stupid dad joke that my wife threw out. Caught me by surprise, and being a huge NASA & space enthusiast, I felt like I had to post it here. 
I see your Golden and raise you a pug.
That’s what I wanted to hear - I was worried about the movement possibly being “gunked up” due to sitting lubricants. 

Thank you!
Wait another week or two when we release V3.0 - it’ll be even better :)

Thank you for your kind words & for giving our app a try. 
NOPE to me being concerned - or NOPE to buying it?

Either way, thanks for the quick reply!
Hiya,

First off, thank you for your (detailed) feedback.

We're currently finalizing our V3.0 built, which includes multiple language support, as well as the option to turn animations off, plus a new game mode that won't highlight any errors & lets the user figure out the solutions.

Regarding point #2: that too will be part of V3.0

Regarding point #3: for now, we're experimenting with the Resume button, but given that there is a quick way to resume a game via Force Touch (for iPhone) we do feel like we need to come up with a similar solution for iPad users. 

Regarding #4: I'm sorry, but for now, we do not plan to re-design our settings screen. Between bug fixes & feature requests, it's simply not on our list of priorities. Once we have all of the features up & running (without bugs) we'll have to re-visit the settings panel anyway to align the new feature settings with the old ones. So, it's in the works, but not for another couple of weeks.

Again, thank you for your feedback.
Can’t please everyone :)

Thanks for your kind words!
The site? My wife built it using Wordpress I believe. 
Yeah...I actually bought three pairs last month. One has a drawstring waistband - I had to have it!!!

And yes, still APC, but I’m currently getting a pair of Studio D’Artisans hemmed & tapered to my liking, so I too can sport a “big boy pair” when I feel like it. 

I also really like the fabric :)

But when it comes to denim vs Incotex my pleats cut sharp - sorry. 
Mormon family?

So...16oz flask for the weekend then?
No clue, like I said - I’m new to this :)

But my wife and I are going to Edinburgh in a couple of weeks to see some friends, I’ll be doing some shopping & research there. 
Not so much. My friend is trying to "ease" me more into the peaty & smokey flavour profiles, but so far I'm happy with my recent discoveries / recommendations.

I did treat myself to a pewter flask though, and I have a hammered copper one on the way. You know...for decorative purposes, not for lunch breaks :)
Have you tried Cardhu's 12 year? If you like the Balvenie, you might love this one.
Single Malt doesn't equal single barrel, but rather single distillery.

If you really want to treat yourself, you're looking for Single-Barrel Scotch. 
I went on r/scotch - then my friend told me to "trust him". My first bottle was a Glenlivet Single Malt 12. Since then, I've added (and tasted) their Nadurra to my collection, as well as 2 Glenmorangies (Nectar D'Or & Highland 18), as well as a Highland Park 15 Year.

More or less, they all fall into the same price bracket; flavour wise I'm all about the floral/vanilla profile, so there's a pattern in my collection.

Get the Glenlivet Founder's Reserve. It's smooth, mild & inexpensive.

If you hate it it's a good liquid for a scotch-based Old Fashioned.
The last week and a half was a ride (to say the least) - but in an unexpected good way. To us, the last 10 days feel like it has been two months, so we both took a few days off & are now enjoying 30c weather in Lisbon. On top of that, my single-malt collection (and taste buds) is growing, thanks to a friend. 

It looks like our videography field kit app is launching sooner than expected, and our 2nd game is set to hit the App Store shortly before Christmas.

Denim related side effect of being brain-fried lately: I wear a pair of beaters at home, vs sweat pants. I leave them on to walk my dog as well, but with all the work/stress going on in the past months I went grocery shopping in them, had drinks with friends wearing jeans, etc. I simply forgot to take them off in favour of putting on some trousers.
Long story short: the fade bug bit me. I built my 1st app wearing those jeans, got caught in the rain the ONE night Niki and I decided to take a break and go for a walk, travelled to Lisbon, Florence, and Amsterdam in them, brought back some coffee stains from London…I like my jeans.
Yeah, it's preventative. Tip: apply 2-3 layers. Spray the shoes, wait 24 hours, repeat 1-2 times.

I have no clue how to remove indigo stains from sneakers, but based on previous posts on here I don't think it's doable.
Jason Markk Repel. Recently tried it on a new pair of white nubuck Achilles & a pair of new beater raws. So far so good.
Don't know why you're being downvoted, but UA carries them. I also believe that I saw them at Selfridges.
Thank you.

In terms of "finely curated": choosing fonts that go hand-in-hand visually with the rest of your game board is hard enough; finding a proper selection of various font families that achieve this goal was even harder.

In the beginning we also kept our customisation options limited, but user feedback showed us that there was a lot of room for improvement.

SO, while one could call it "buzzwords" or "clickbait" we do feel that we carefully selected/curated every aspect of our app.
Thank you :)

We aim to be the best Sudoku app within the next 3-6 months, in terms of matching iOS's interface/design, implementing features that competitors are lacking, as well as listen to each and every single one of our players.
Thank you. My wife did 100% of the design, UI & UX. I'll pass your compliments on to her :)
We’re currently working on a “true” paper mode: all input will be allowed, correct or false. The players can opt to show mistakes at the end of the game, how they can try to find the errors themselves. 
English is my second language, but thanks for the input. 
Not yet, but we’re hard at work :)
Wow, thank you so much!
Wait, you’re saying that there’s an error that ruins your puzzle after a false input?

Have you tried “Challenge Mode” under settings?
Hm, I haven’t heard of this issue before. Let me check. 

Thank you for reporting it though, rest assured we’ll fix it if it is a bug. 
Sudoku Master Edition. 

Thank you so much. 
[Clue request: yes or no - does the fact that x1+x3+x5 = the difference between x2+x4 have something to do with your algorithm?](/sp)
You may have Auto Complete turned on under Settings, meaning that the puzzle fills in the last square of a row, column or grid automatically for you. 
Thank fuck. She HATES numbers...I would have enrolled her tomorrow if she would have solved your sequence...after looking at it for 30 seconds.

I do not dwell in her failure, nor do I wish her anything but positive things - but I am SO happy that she's wrong here.
[2, 18, 1, 26, 5, 36, 10, 56, 20](/sp)

My wife's idea. She hates math. If this is the one we'll have ourselves a real-life Goodwill Hunting situation on our hands.
Nope, thanks - I'll keep at it :)
$2.99.
There's an in-app purchase to get rid of those. Unfortunately, we need to generate revenue somehow in order to keep development going (updates, more features, etc.); so it's either through ad revenue or paid users.

Once you pay to remove the ads all future updates will be free.
[It could possibly be 3, 19, 2, 30, 6](/sp)
[First look says that x1+x2+x3+x5=X4. Seems too simple though.](/sp)




Long day :)

Now I gotta keep at it...damn you!
Our next update will feature a game mode that won't notify the player of any mistakes made - unless the player opts to have them highlighted. Or, he/she can figure it out by himself/herself :)

Thank you for your feedback & for playing our game :)
[34](/sp)

Otherwise, I'm throwing the towel :)

Either way, nice one!
Damnit :)
[39](/sp)


Thank you :)
hello@hoolatronstudios.com

Let's talk :)
No worries - thank you for trying out our app :)
Thank you :)
We're getting there. Right now it's passive income, ideally we'll repeat the pattern :)
That would be Lightning Mode. Instead of going "square-number-square-number-etc" you're able to click the lightning bolt then select a number from the number bar or game board and fill multiple squares with said number in a row.

Essentially: "number-square-square-square". Great for saving time when you wish to fill in 3 or 4 "9's" in a row.
Thank you for giving our little app a try :)
Thank you :)

We're still playing around with our ad model, but the way it is right now seems to be working just fine.
This particular game was designed exclusively for iOS, but we’re working on an app (not a game) that’ll be cross-platform. 

Edit: I don't get the downvotes. Teaching oneself Swift is hard enough, we both have full-time jobs, and we spend our spare time perfecting this app. We simply do not have the time, nor the resources to cater to the Android community at this point.
Sudoku Master Edition. 
The M simply stands for Master. We thought of implanting ME into the logo, but it didn’t quite work. 
Thank you - I’ll pass the compliments along to my wife, she’s the creative one. 
Thank you! We work on a lot of projects together, but we also like spending most of our times with each other :)
Thank you so much :)
The scoring system is explained in the tutorial, we used a simple multiplier algorithm that decreases every 36 seconds. 

Animations can be turned off with the next update. 

Thank you for giving our little app a try :)
It’s coming in the next big update, which should be out in about 2-3 weeks :)
If you’re looking at some of the top apps out there the interface looks either cluttered or like it was designed for iOS 5. 
Hiya,

We just released a quick bug fix update that should take care of the issue. 

Thank you so much again for your feedback & support :)
We’re already working on a couple of other, similar apps - yes :)
Hey :)

Than you for your kind words & your support. 

And yes, we’re pretty active across Reddit, not just on iOS/Apple related either. You can always shoot me a PM or email me at hello@hoolatronstudios.com. 

Thank you so much again!
Thank you for submitting this. Could you soft-reset your device please by keeping the lock & home button pressed at the same time until you see the Apple logo?

It won’t affect any data or settings on your phone. 
Our first test build was a battery killer, but we tweaked it to what we would consider "acceptable" now. It'll get better with the next update, we're constantly testing various settings on various OSs (Auto Brightness, high/low brightness, etc).

Thank you for your compliments :)
Hiya!

We'll still look into it, it's bugging us now (pun intended).

Thanks again for letting us know :)
Does it happen all the time? We tried it a few times with mixed results, meaning we played a game, clicked the home button, went into another app, then used app switcher to get back to Sudoku ME. Most of the time it worked, but we were able to replicate your issue a few times. 

We’ll look into it from our end, but the current version of iOS 11 is buggy as hell :)

However - we’ll get it fixed. 

Thank you for playing our game :)
We’ve heard about this issue twice now. Let me look into this and get back to you within 1-2 hours. 

Thank you. 
Wow...thank you! We do have some other irons in the fire, we’re working incredibly hard to make our Sudoku the best one out there, but we’re also working on other apps. 
Thank you so much for your kind words, as well as for trying out our app. 

We’ll implement a feature into the next update that’ll allow users to either turn animations on or off, but we glad that you like them. 

Thank you :)
We’re glad to hear that you’re finally able to enjoy the game. 
We know there’ll be more bugs, but we have a thing for squashing them :)

Thank you again for your support!
That's very generous & kind of you, thank you very much. App ratings & reviews help us out a ton, the least we can do is try to build the best Sudoku Puzzler there is out there.
Hiya,

First off - thanks you for your feedback. 

Did you install our update today? It’s a major one, fixing known bugs & adding a bunch of requested features. 

We also had a chat with our ad partner: apparently they’re having trouble with their SDK, as well as a certain advertising company, whose ads we have temporarily taken out of circulation. 

Thank you for your support, and our sincerest apologies for the issues. We’re working incredibly hard to squash the bugs as they show their bug-eyed faces (pun intended). Rest assured, we’ll get to it. 

Have a lovely evening. 
We’re working on that, alongside an option to turn off animations altogether. 

Thank you so much for playing our game :)
We may need to tweak the handwriting recognition a bit. We’re fixing it more and more with each upcoming release. It’ll never be 100% accurate and perfect for 100% of our users, but that won’t stop us from trying. 

If you don’t mind waiting for a few tweaks and updates I can promise you that it’ll be worth it. 
Hiya!

Thank you so much for your feedback. We're currently working on re-scaling the game board for users who opt out of the notepad feature, as well as those with different screen sizes.

It'll be implemented asap.

Thank you for trying our little app :)
Thank you :)
Have you updated to the latest version, because this was a known issue & has been fixed.

Are you using Force Touch to start or resume? If so, this is the culprit - and we're currently working on fixing that bug.

Thank you for your feedback :)
Thank you so much for your kind words.

Without this community & the constant feedback we wouldn't be able to build the best Sudoku app out there - which is our ultimate end goal (for this app at least :)).
Thank you so much :)
I'm not certain I understand the issue you're having: does the app not input the number when you enter it into the square with your Pencil?

Thank you for your feeback :)
I'm sorry - we'll most likely be posting another batch in 1-2 weeks again.

Maybe you can enjoy the free version in the meantime? Ads only play after a completed puzzle - the game screen is ad-free, and all features are unlocked.
Thank you for giving our game a shot :)

Enjoy!
No - thank YOU for giving our app a try. We hope you enjoy it!
You're more than welcome! We hope you enjoy our little app :)
Well, we did get a good job offer here.

If it affects your review of our app in the App Store in ANY way: my wife is Canadian, and she'll put London above Paris 10/10 times. Personally, I'm in the same boat, but I'm German...Canadians have a better reputation :)

Either way, enjoy the game & thank you for your support!
You're more than welcome!
Only if you put the $3 saved towards an iPad Pro WITH the Pencil for your wife.

Check your PMs bud :)
Pfft, on your cake day?

Kidding - of course - HAPPY CAKE DAY :)

3H6TAFK6AEPJ

If you love it & have a minute or two please feel free to leave us a review, as it really helps us out. If not, that's cool too - we're just happy that some folks love our little app :)
We'd love to see more non-productivity apps make use of the Pencil too!

Thank you for your support, as well as for checking out our game :)
Thank you so much for your compliments. We love minimalism as well - being able to toggle the notepad off and on should have been an option from the start, but hindsight is 20/20. We're trying :)

Check your PMs please.
No worries at all. We're just so used to bugs (V1.0) that we thought we missed another one.

We're glad that we could solve one of your pet peeves - enjoy the game & have a good time in Canada!
Thank you so much for your kind words and support. Please feel free to PM me if you have any issues or feature requests :)
You can remove already used up values from the bottom bar by selecting "Quick Mode" under Settings. It'll get rid of all the 1's and 7's you're done with :)

And yes, it's 100% offline :)

Thank you so much for your support, and have a safe flight to Canada (my wife is from there - have a great time!).
You have no idea how happy my wife is after reading your comment. A lot of people sent less than friendly emails complaining about the notepad feature, which is why we added an option to disable it with today's update. She's a "doodler", whenever she solved paper sudoku puzzles she'd doodle, so the integrated notepad is a bit of a pet-projects of hers.

Anyway, thank you for playing our game, thank you for your kind words, and thank you for your support.

Check your PMs please :)
Thank you for your kind words and support - the idea of total strangers loving our little app makes us incredibly happy :)

Please check your PMs.
No, thank you! We went into this with a no-holds-barred attitude - but we cannot take credit for all of the features, as a lot of them were suggested to us by users such as yourself.

So, thank you :)
Thank you so much from the both of us for your support!
We had an issue with a certain ad company who pushed the movie-trailer sized ads. We immediately got rid of them & fixed a few other ad-related issues with the new update.

I do have a code for you though - please check your PMs. Thank you so much for giving our game a shot :)
Thank you :)

We're certain that there are more bugs, but we're off to a good start.

Again, thank you for your support!
Check your PMs :)
Thank you so much for your kind words - we hope that today's update & extra features will make you love the app even more :)

Again thank you!
Thank you for trying our app :)

We're currently looking into that since the creators licensed it. But we love Ken Ken as much as you do.

What we do have coming is a custom Insanity Mode for the truly brave (or insane, depending on your perspective :)).
I hope so too, since it helped us more than any of you can ever imagine.

We have day jobs & other passive incomes, but once the initial "launch & fix the bugs" storm settles, we plan on doing some sort of giveaway/pay-it-forward post. We wouldn't have the downloads if it weren't for you guys and gals.

Anyway, please check your PMs :)
I updated my post. Our brains have just been so fried the past two weeks - on a good day, we can tell what day of the week it is without checking our phone/tablet/whatever.

On a bad day, we need to bring the wine glass into the shower to power through :)
Hiya!

Thank you for your compliments. Please check your PMs.

PS - Judging by your username you're from London? My wife and I split our time between Paris & Notting Hill :)
No, I should have made that more clear - sorry. It's iOS universal.
Thank you for your kind words & for checking out our app. Without the tips & input from our users we'd be "just another Sudoku app" - we only have so many ideas - the main one being that the game should be highly customisable, and we didn't even think about some of the options that were thrown our way.

Anyway, thank you again! Please check your PMs.
Thank you very much for your kind words. We already have some more ideas & features in the works, so stay tuned :)

Meanwhile, please check your PM's.
Check your PM's please.
Thank you for your kind words! Check your PM's :)
Are you currently playing the ad-free version?
I could lie - but no, I did not.

Thank you again :)
YOU ROCK!
Yes, you may need to click on "Restore Purchases" under "Settings" on the other device, but one purchase carries across all of your iOS devices.
Thank you very much in advance for giving our little app a shot.

You can also play it on your iPhone (minus the Pencil of course).
Feel free to download it - it's free! If you love it please PM me for a code.

Cheers :)
Hiya! Thank you for giving our app a shot - we're currently building a setting that allows you to fill in the board with whatever value(s) you want. The game won't finish until you either correct your mistakes (which can be highlighted or not, user's choice) or tap out.

The feature will be part of our next update.
[Try this one please](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1260190370).
Hahaha, congrats on being first! And no, there is no system - we're handing out codes until we're out of them. It's our way of thanking the people who either love Sudoku (and pick our app), as well as those who take time out of their days to send us constructive and thoughtful feedback.

Please check your PM's.
Apple changed it ever since they removed the App Store from iTunes. The link works on mobile, as in it prompts the user whether or not he/she wants to open the link in iTunes.

It's beyond frustrating (to say the least).
My wife and I built our first app & released it a week ago. We got featured by Apple out of the gate (albeit a few bugs). Today, we released our first big update, squashing (hopefully) all of the bugs, and adding even more features. Best of all, it's free (if you don't mind an ad playing AFTER a game - we intentionally kept the gameplay experience ad & distraction-free)!

Hopefully you'll love it as much as we do :)
Can confirm. My wife and I have a place in Notting Hill, and we treat ourselves to dinner there at least twice a month. Their proper sake selection and legitimate wasabi seal the deal for us. 

Well worth the ferry ride. 
So, is this what the dude from Lawless Denim is up to nowadays?
We just pushed the update - you should see it within the next few hours. Any bugs and other error you may experience until then will be gone.

Also, there are a few more extra goodies in it as well :)

Thanks for giving us another shot!
No, if you have the Pencil feature enabled (under settings) you should be able to fill in the squares using you Apple Pencil.
I've seen some pretty cool leather sleeves on Etsy, and silicone grips (to improve the pen's grip) on AliExpress.
Rock solid, zero fat collection. The PBJ's can't be beat tough :)
Already in the works :)
Warm your feet. Didn't help with improving sync speeds or offline notebooks.

I also wouldn't trust that jacket with my personal data.
Kinda reminds me of when Evernote did socks...and it begs the same question: why?
It'll scale up slightly on portrait mode, once the "Hide Notepad" option is enabled.

However, we have added the request to our list for future updates. Not everyone has a Pencil, not everyone has an iPP - and even the users who do might not have a use for the notepad.

Most importantly: thank you so much for giving our game a shot, and thank you even more for taking the time to send us a feature request :)
Yes! And we're including an option to completely turn off the notepad with the next update, which is coming very soon.
Hiya!

First off, thank you for taking the time to type all of this out.

Here we go:

- Great idea. We'll stop the aninamtion in a future update.
- We're showing the row of numbers on the bottom in case a player selects to have used-up values removed automatically, leaving only possible input values.
- The notepad was designed for the doodlers, note-takers and general jotting stuff down. The next update will include the option to remove the notepad entirely, since not all iPad owners have an Apple Pencil.
- We 100% agree, and it will be part of a future update.

And THANK YOU! Reviews are incredibly helpful, just as much as feedback :)
Makes sense, thank you!
Thank you so much for your kind words & for giving our little app a shot!

We're already working on the 1st big update, which will bring Dark Mode across the entire app (not just the game screen), 3-4 more cool features, as well as the ability to turn off errors.

Again, thank you for your support :)
My wife and I built our 1st app - a modern, curated take on Sudoku with full Apple Pencil integration.

And Apple featured it in the US store as the Game of the Day yesterday! For those interested, it's free (ad supported) - [here it is](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1260190370).

The ads only play after a completed puzzle, so there are no intrusive banners or popups.

Anyway, we just felt like sharing our excitement. We were told that there was a chance when they approached us, did the questionaire, etc. - but nothing was guaranteed until yesterday.

We posted this to r/iPad, due to the sheer amount of feedback we're already working on our first major update (bug fixes, 4-5 new features, etc.).
Thank you - and we are! So many great people have taken the time to send us some very constructive feedback & criticism, so we're busy trying to get the 1st big update out asap.
Please check your PM's. I am sending you a promo code for the hassle - we haven't had this issue, but we'll look into it further.

I'm sorry for the hassle.
Wow...thank you so much from the both of us! We'll be handing out more codes once the 1st updates hits the store, which should be in a few weeks. We've decided to do the same thing with every update that includes new features.

We're just happy that some people genuinely enjoy our game.

Again, thank you for your kind words!
That's so great to hear - thank you so much! We woke up to a bunch of feedback messages and feature requests - we're still busy answering all of them.

We're just happy that there are some people out there who genuinely enjoy our game. However, we're already working on squashing some known bugs, as well as implementing some requested features (dark theme throughout the entire app, vs just the game board; no more error count, lightning mode, etc).

Again, thank you!
Sorry, not sorry :)

Seriously though - thank you so much for trying out our app and your kind words!
Thank you so much! Getting some feedback and criticism was our main reason for posting our app on here. We feel like we did well - as it turns out we can do much better, thanks to all of the people who took the time to play our game & send us their feedback :)
Thank you :)
Have you tried force quitting the app and trying again? We haven’t had this issue before, please let me know if it persists. 

More importantly: thank you for your support :)
It’ll be part of the next update. Thank you for giving our app a shot :)
We’ll know for certain in about a day or two, but judging by the amount of feedback & feature requests we received overnight I’d say pretty good. 
No, thank you for playing and taking the time to reply. Enjoy :)
This makes us so happy :)
Hiya,

You can’t even imagine how much your compliments mean to us!

Regarding your feedback:

- we’ll be moving the Apple Pencil setting to the top of the settings page
- our next update features the option to turn off highlight errors, as well as “4 strikes and you’re out”.
- we’re adding the option to enter “Note” mode with Apple Pencil, so that you can write your notes into the square & handwriting recognition will turn them into tiny numbers, with a font of your choosing. 

Again, thank you so much for playing!
Our next update includes the option to toggle off “strikes” or errors. 

Thank you so much for your feedback!
We’re currently working on adding the Pencil feature for the notes in the squares :)
We’re already working on that one :)
Udemy is great if you’re pressed for time. I suggest starting off with HTML & CSS first, just to get a rough idea. It may not be app based, but it’s a good way to ease into Swift. 

Also: you’re a teacher - you’re already doing incredible work :)
For handwriting we went with an Apple SDK, combined with a 3rd party library. 
That’s a great idea - I promise that we’ll add it to our list of future features!
I didn’t, but I also had a friend helping me out (read: he did A LOT of the work).

To answer your question though: Udemy has some great courses for Swift that helped me out immensely. 
Thank you so much!

And yes, the age rating does severely affect our bottom line, but rules are rules :)
Thank you so much for your kind words & support. If you have any questions or feedback please don't be afraid to ask!
Thank you very much :)
Yes, it will recognise your handwriting. You can also use the full notepad to jot down notes, ideas, doodles, etc.
Thank you :)
Archer's Mulatto Butts.
Neither did I - it was her idea. Now I can't stop either :)
We didn't like any of the Sudoku apps; my wife is a creative director, and I taught myself Swift last year. She designed everything from the ground up, and a friend helped us out with the rest.

Everything else was pure luck.
Common Projects Derby Shine in oxblood. 
This is a bit tricky, since good quality usually comes at a price.

To answer your question: I'd highly recommend looking into Leuchtturm's 1917 series. I journal a lot, plus I write a lot for work. Over the years, some of my 1917's have grown on me, so I decided to splurge on a leather cover (since I carry one with me pretty much everywhere I go). Once it's filled up I add it to the bookshelf.

The paper is fantastic for fountain pens, the covers are sturdy, the pages are numbered, there's an index, plus more.

Remember: "The bitterness of poor quality remains long after the sweetness of low price is forgotten."
The general rule is to go one size down. 

What size do you usually wear, and what brands fit you spot on?
It's all good :)

Feel free to design & code your own game, then release it free of charge. 
 I worries! Keep an eye out for sales, if you need some pointers let me know where you are. 

Also: if you're in the US anything you buy from an EU shop is tax exempt, meaning you'll get an additional 19% off. You don't have to pay any customs/duties up to $800. 
I'd go with the gummies personally. They're a bit on the darker side of grey. Then maybe save up & treat yourself to the grey leather ones for SS'18, knowing that the weather won't mess them up. 
It depends...I rotate mine a lot, so I can't speak for everyday wear. Obviously, if you wear them every day they'll wear down much faster, especially if you wear them in the rain/winter. I usually let my shoes rest with cedar shoe trees at least 24 hours inbetween wears, but usually more; again, it's all about rotation.

Now - if you were to wear yours every day I'd recommend conditioning them at least once a week, as well as investing in a proper pair of cedar shoe trees. 

What colour are you thinking of getting?
Right, as I mentioned in my follow up I wore my dark grey & black gummies to the lake when visiting my in-laws in Northern Ontario. They got wet & "mudded up". Now, while the white ones clean up just as nicely, the stitching doesn't - neither do the laces, so I'd recommend going with a darker colour - my black ones look & feel brand new, albeit having been through cottage-hell. 
If you do some Google-Fu you'll see that they do sit on Margom soles, it's just a different composite/slightly less durable built. I believe that CP either opted for custom, or top-shelf offerings. 

I had the same experience with the leather, both on my off-white, as well as on my bright white Zespas: the leather "flaked" off. The soles wore down much faster as well, I wrote Zespas off entirely. 

There are good CP alternatives out there, and also some bad ones (the Givenchy ones are a bit of a let-down, but I'm keeping them for now).
Yeah, I caught some shit for linking to my IG, vs hosting the images on Imgur - apparently that made me a shill for CP. 
That's odd. My oldest pair is 3 years old...black beaters. The sole isn't different from the black ones I bought a few weeks ago. 
I never had that issue. 
Since you're asking: I own 16 pairs, the pic shows my summer rotation. Not pictured are 2 pairs of gummies (black and grey), as well as spare white & grey ones. 

I work as a project manager for a large fashion conglomerate. My wife is the creative director - she works in the same industry. She and I also own our own business in London, which a friend of ours currently manages.  On top of that we're developing our first app (game), which we hope people will enjoy. We also don't have a mortgage. 

Lastly, I don't only wear them for six months. Because I rotate through them they tend to last much longer. Once they look worn in I usually end up giving them away, since I prefer the "fresh out of the box" look. Also, working in the industry gets me discounts at certain places, otherwise I wouldn't shop as much. 


Are you using cedar shoe trees and leather conditioner? Mind didn't crease that much, I also rotate them frequently. 
Never watched it. Maybe it's time. 
I haven't tried those, sorry. I tried the Givenchy lows, they are a tiny bit chunkier, but I like them. 
We are - and it's cheese & cold cuts for us tonight as well! We just finished streaming 11/22/63. Kinda sucked since the book was so much better, and King was an executive producer. 

Oh well. Got any good recommendations? 
I learned that lesson the hard way today.

What's up bud :)
Shoes are made in the UK, shirts are made in Japan. Tailoring depends, it's either Japan or America.
Hey, we actually lived in Notting Hill before moving to Paris - we miss it dearly & go back as often as we can (thanks Eurotunnel).

I'll pass your compliments on to her again - she is incredible with the camera.
Hahaha, I remember Jim Jefferies saying something like that during one of his routines..."Get yourself a Thesaurus, if you don't know what it is get a dictionary and work your way up from there."
> ...and yeah, the parallels with risvik are hilarious; that guy's a proper cp shill tho (a very boring and repetitive shill, but a shill none the less)

By your very definition I am receiving a kickback from Common Projects. While most of my feed is centred on their footwear, I could only dream of getting free pairs. While I do work in the industry, I buy my clothing just like the rest of us.

Not only is your comment asinine, it also proves that you clearly fail to see the difference between Risviks account and mine: he collaborates with retailers and e-tailers, he actively advertises certain stores by promoting his affiliate links. 
He also has a much larger follower base than I do. On top of that he did editorials for Opumo, writes his own blog, and again - ACTIVELY promotes certain brands for kickbacks. I do neither. The only thing I have in common with his account is that my pictures look somewhat cool (which is thanks to my wife).

Educate yourself before using words like shill. If you have any doubts try a Thesaurus.

Right, at this point let's agree to somewhat disagree. I didn't mean to spam/shill/whatever. 

I'm simply obsessed with CP's, and my initial review (posted 6 months ago) was met with mostly positive feedback. I was a bit bored & decided to do a follow-up.

Trust me, if there was a way to post pics of CP's & get free pairs I'd make a full-time job out of it :)

Have a good one!
Well, if I violated a rule feel free to point it out.
The country itself isn't too rich, but due to foreign buyers real estate prices in Lisbon (the countries capital) have gone up 27% since July 2016, yet wages have remained stagnant. The country is also experiencing a mass-exodus of its youth, meaning once they're done with school they move to a country with a better economic climate (since Portugal is part of the Schengen zone the freedom of movement extends to its citizens).

So, you're left with an aging workforce, rising cost of living, and a rising gap between the wealthy and the poor. I know plenty of Portuguese people in their 30'ies who can't afford to move out of their parents' homes, even though they have respectable jobs. The big earners are usually foreigners.

Factoring all of the above in, I'd say minimum wage matters.
So was mine, until my wife took over. She's the master with the camera - so I will pass the compliments on to her. 

The SL's are a dream. I only wear them during the fall months, but they broke in nicely. I haven't gotten a lot of mileage out of them since my wife and I travelled a lot & spent a considerable amount of time in the Mediterranean.
Ok, r/goodyearwelt then maybe?

To me, male fashion advice covers everything from head to toe. If I feel like covering the "toe section", why should I have to do so using complete outfit shots? I could also cover my love for white oxford shirts, I prefer 3 brands in general - but the shots would be glossy AND I'd be "shilling" out those brands then again, wouldn't I?

At the end of the day this is a follow up to an initial review. I used pics from my IG because I had those readily available.
Again, I tend to disagree, looking at at least 5 denim related IGs right now, where the users also happen to be photography enthusiasts.

Some shots in the recurring WAYAT/WIWT threads look like they were pulled straight out of Cereal mag, yet there's no affiliate marketing/shilling/intended advertising involved.
I still (somewhat) fail to see the arguement, or the difference between me posting one CP pics after another, vs. someone posting fade-updates on their jeans, add-ons to their record collections or a different shot of their wrist watch, etc.

We all have something we're passionate about, and some people share their passions with others. 

Regarding the artistic photography: my wife appreciates the compliment, thank you!
What trolls? One guy calling me a shill? That's a difference of opinions, he's not a troll. Could also be a misunderstanding.

But thank you :)


> You are a staunch loyalist of the brand, and while it is all unsupported by financial gain, it looks like spamming, even if it isn't in actuality.

So, then calling me a shill by your own statement above was a bit harsh, wasn't it? Being a "staunch loyalist" without receiving any sort of kickback from the brand or its affiliates is just that: a loyal customer giving his honest opinion about a product he stands behind.

If I went by your original comment, half of r/goodyearwelt or r/rawdenim would then have to be full of shills - including the IG's of a whole lot of people on those subs.


Oh, absolutely. 
True. Even "Made in Portugal" isn't a hallmark of ethical production, considering that the minimum wage is amongst the lowest in Europe & labor laws do not favour the employees at all.
It's not, the difference is quite hard to tell. Out of the box, the gummies have a slightly more "matte" finish, but it's only noticable if you know what to look for.
If you had taken the time to look at my page you could have answered your own question: there are no affiliate links, I am not promoting anything. My wife is a photographer, she enjoys taking "pretty" pictures.

The first post I created was met with a lot of positive feedback, so I did a follow-up. If you consider this (and my IG) spamming I fail to see your point - both posts are reviews & personal opinions.
My 2 cents:

I work for a large fashion conglomarate (high end). I somewhat care, but I have also made peace with the fact that it's almost impossible to completely avoid buying garments that don't meet most ethical points of view.

90% of my wardrobe is made in Italy, Portugal or France. However, I also wear APC jeans, which are made in Vietnam and Muji boxers from Cambodia.

When it comes to menswear I happen to prefer brands (AMI, Officine Generale, Common Projects, Thom Browne, Maison Kitsuné, Incotex, Nanamica, Maison Martin Margiela, etc) that manufacture their garments in Europe or Japan. In all honesty though, that's more of a co-incidence, vs. me actively seeking out Made in Europe goods.

I also understand that affordability plays a huge role when this topic comes up: everyone wants to dress nicely, but not everyone can fork over €200 for a shirt, so naturally stores like Topman, Uniqlo, Zara, etc will always be there to fill the void. Combined with the phenomenon of "fast fashion" (on the runway yesterday, on the rack today - which is mostly why companies like H&M and Primark are successful), good marketing, and people's desire to have the latest and trendiest you have a recipe for disaster: people spend less, therefor buy more (quantity over quality), throw out more, all the while funnelling money into the factories that employ kids and/or pay pennies a day.

Then again, even if you were to become a "conscious" fashion consumer today: would you be able to carry that mindset into the other facets of your consumer spending, like appliances, kitchen utensils, furniture, etc?
By definition, a "shill" is a swindler who poses as a genuine customer. I am neither affiliated with Common Projects, nor do I have anything to do with APC. I also don't work for Mr Porter or END, nor do I have any affiliate links posted anywhere.

I work for a large fashion conglomarate, and I don't "shill" any of their brands on my Instagram.
Thanks. And no, never met the guy.
It is, mostly. Zespas and CPs are identical in sizing, and they both feature Margom soles. 

Let me email him & get back to you. 
Since I didn't pay $300 for them: yes.

A friend had pretty much the exact same problem - he sized up and hasn't looked back since. The extra room in the toe box (length) doesn't bother him, nor do the shoes look like "clown shoes" on him.
Nord. I also wasn't too fond of their apps (both for mobile, as well as for OSX), I always felt "forced" to use either OpenVPN or Tunnelblick. 

I do feel like I'm getting better speeds, less connection drops, and the kill switch works like a charm. I cannot speak for their customer support though, since I haven't had any issues yet (knock on wood). What speaks for them is the fact that their native apps get constant updates. 

I'd suggest trying out their customer service before making the switch though, as I cannot vouch for that. 


I recently switched after using them for two years. 

The lack of customer service (having to create a support ticket for a simple query), combined with the ThatPrivacyGuys review of their service made me look into other providers. 

Haven't looked back. 
He's currently touring Europe. 
Kudos on your photography skills as well. 
Holy shit, those are one of the nicest Elephants I have seen in a while.

Congrats / good job / obligatory "keep it up".
Pretty much the same. One size down did the trick for me.
First off, I do not frequent this sub - I came across your post by chance/accident/happenstance. 

Anyway, I do believe in a person's right to choose to do whatever he/she wishes to do with his/her life. Therefor I am not going to bore you with the "life is a gift, don't waste it" Hallmark crap.

What am I going to do is ask you a few questions. Answer them honestly, and if you can answer only ONE of them with a solid YES, June 2nd should be a fresh start, vs a sad ending:

- Have you ever gotten lost in a foreign country where you weren't able to read the street signs, let alone the food menus? Does the idea of "getting lost & going with the flow" - stepping out of your comfort zone and into an adventure appeal to you?

- Have you ever kissed a man/woman and time simply stood still? I am talking about a 1950's Hollywood "stop the clocks" kiss? If so, wouldn't you want to feel this sensation again, even if only for a few seconds? And if you haven't, wouldn't you want to stick around on the off-chance that he/she might step into your life tomorrow, next week, or on June 21st, 2021?

- Do you love dogs or cats? This one (for once) is not a cliché - speaking from experience I can tell you that raising a puppy & have still have her lose her mind from joy when I come home after ten years is one of the most rewarding experiences of my life so far (other than meeting my wife and beating my mom at Tetris high scores).

- If you could ignore your sadness for one second (which is asking a lot, so please don't think that I am downplaying your depression) - what would be your greatest, realistic wish? It could be of material nature (I like stuff), seeing a particular place...breathing the air...taking in the local ambiance and culture (traveling is incredible), or accomplishing a certain goal (skydiving, mastering the perfect medium-rare steak, building a bird house...you get the idea). Would you not want to stick around to seek out any of the above-mentioned pleasures?

Like I said - I believe in the freedom to choose; however, I do believe in the pursuit of happiness more than going down a very dark one-way street. There is no coming back from what you have planned for June 2nd, but there IS lots to gain. Maybe not on the 3rd, and maybe you feel like you already waited way too long, but from a personal perspective I would like to see you post again on the 3rd. And the 4th, and so on.

I don't know you, but everyone's life is special and should be treated as such. There is too much joy, love, and even hope out there, please consider giving this world another chance.

PM me if you need to talk.
So, I gifted these to u/blackjackalope a while back - since they don't fit him he's gifting them to another u/, rather than putting them up on BST. 

Kudos to you bud, and rest assured that a new pair, one that fits, is on its way to you once you send me some measurements. 
NiftyDo in Gastown, 227 Carall St.
Who keeps downvoting this?
Being from Europe, I know Aldi too well. The French grocery chain carries a Bordeaux for €2 that has a very simple drawing of an owl on it...for the longest time, it was my favourite wine while I lived in Paris; at times even ousting certain vintages.
It's a cool bottle of wine I found, I am in no way affiliated with the brand. 
Hey bud,

Sorry for the late reply. To answer your question: yes, the gummys are incredibly easy to clean, think rubber boots. A quick wipe will do. In terms of durability I still think that the original leather is going to outlast the gummy version by miles. The gummy finish is just that - an added finish. It's layered over the leather, meaning it's prone to cracks. The rubber tends to crease "outwards", creating the bubble effect that I tried to describe in my original review.

All in all, it's a solid FW shoe, I own three pairs of the gummy version, but I only wear them on rainy days, so not that often. 

Hope this helps.
Right, do you need the VPN software to test a VPN, as in a VPN client? If so, any OpenVPN client will do; in terms of features, I highly suggest [VISCOSITY](https://www.sparklabs.com/viscosity/). It's based on Open VPN, works on both Windows & Mac, and it comes jam-packed with customisable features. The developer usually reponds the same day if you have any issues.

Now, if you're looking for a VPN provider, I suggest you have a look at [this site here](https://thatoneprivacysite.net), which was created by a fellow Redditor from r/VPN. It gives you a basic comparisson chart, as well as a VERY detailed chart of 95% of the current VPN offerings out there.

Now, there is no such thing as a "free" VPN, the old motto "If the product is free, you're the product." holds true in this regard. When it comes to "free" VPNs, data as a commodity comes into play, meaning that the provider is going to log everything you do once you connect to one of their servers.

I suggest looking into paying monthly or quarterly for a reputable VPN service, if you don't want to pay for an entire year (although in my opinion, $30-$45 per year is a small price to pay for privacy). Most VPN providers offer their own clients, which are again mostly based on the OpenVPN client.

Hope this helps - maybe x-post your question on r/VPN for some more detailed input.
I'll post some in a few days, the white ones aren't showing the "bubbling" yet, but my grey ones are, which happen to be in a different country at the moment. 
Yeah...looked at them, but I prefer the real thing. 

I tried some other alternatives, not necessarily "lookalikes", but alternative minimalistic sneakers. The only ones I semi-like are Zespa's.
No, sorry. 
They run the same for me, but certain people on Styleforum go down a size in the Derbies (even if they already sized down in the Achilles).

However, I'm a spot on UK 9 / US 10 in Alden, Thom Browne (Sanders UK), John Lobb and Trickers; the 43 Derby Shine fits me like a glove. 
They all just ended, The Next Door was the last one with a decent selection.

END was meh this year, but I managed to snag a burgundy Derby Shine - they had quite a few sizes left. 

Opumo is a safe bet as well. From my personal experience, Mr Porter's CPs go first once they go on sale. 
Achilles: Soft bristle brush to clean the leather upper, sponge & dish soap to get the sole sparkling white again. 

I use Wolly or Tapir neutral shoe cream to treat the leather. 

Derby Shine: soles are black, so no cleaning required. I use a soft cloth on the upper to apply either Burgol or Tapir shoe wax, let it sit for five minutes & then polish the shoes with a polishing brush. 


Yeah, they're called "Gummy White" or "Gummy Grey". There's a black one as well. They do cost slightly more, about €20 extra I believe. 
Accumulated over time, mind you. Not all at once, not even within a year. 

Also: there's my personal discount & sales :)
Another way of looking at it:

If someone buys 40 pairs per year (365 days), he'd only wear each pair 9 times / days on average. 
Nope. 

I replace every shoe after six months of solid wear, meaning I own a pair of dark blue ones that I got two years ago, but only wore maybe 10 times so far. 

I also get most of my stuff at a discounted rate. I buy a lot of shoes, but I don't buy THAT many shoes. 

It's all about rotation, 18 pairs equals not wearing the same shoe more than once every three weeks (since I do sometimes wear other shoes) giving the shoe a total of 18 wears per year. That's less than three weeks of back to back wear. 
I'm in the middle of moving countries, I just got married & we're trying to get all of our belongings from 4 places in 3 different countries to our new home. 

I'll make sure to post a collection shot down the road. 
I work in the industry & made some friends over the years, which allows me to get most of my clothing at a discounted rate. 

If you're looking for sales: Kafka, The Next Door, Opumo & END all have sales on CPs, at least twice a year. If you're in the US, you can deduct a further 20%, since you're exempt from having to pay VAT. They also upped the duty free shopping for US customers to $800. 
If you're in the EU, I'll send you the sealed copy (top left of the picture).
I love collecting soundtracks, I've got about another 180-200 sitting at home. Music On Vinyl has some of the best - I just ordered "Stand By Me" & "Experiment In Terror".
Honestly - your best bet would be to ask on r/jazz. While I do love the album, as well as the mono version, I am not THAT familiar with what would be considered the best pressing / version to buy, sorry.
Are you seriously asking if you can have one of my records?
I can't post my collection, since it's in storage; my wife and I are moving from London to Paris & we spent the past 8 months in Portugal to relax and soak up some sun.

However, [here are the "Kind of Blue" copies](http://imgur.com/a/lPlkP) that I acquired while in Lisbon; plus [the rest of the damage](http://imgur.com/a/1l7Dw), aka 8 months worth of purchases. 

I need to buy sleeves, we're currently in the process of boxing everything up & getting ready for the big move.
My bad, [this is the one you want](https://www.discogs.com/Miles-Davis-Kind-Of-Blue/release/5166551) if you're after the mono version. 

Alternatively, there's [this one](https://www.discogs.com/Miles-Davis-Kind-Of-Blue-2/release/2506823) as well, which gives you two bonus tracks. 
If you want both the stereo & mono versions, you can't go wrong with [this one here](https://www.discogs.com/Miles-Davis-Kind-Of-Blue/release/3629442).

If you want the original artwork, [this one is the way to go](https://www.discogs.com/Miles-Davis-Kind-Of-Blue/release/5166551).

[Definitely this one](https://www.discogs.com/Miles-Davis-Kind-Of-Blue/release/3629442)
I got the 081 / 666 on Behemoth's "The Satanist", when they offered signed pre-orders through their webshop. I asked nicely, since it's my birth year - they obliged. 
Glad you like it :)
Oh, absolutely. I am not fooling myself into thinking that I am getting "remastered" / better sounding / etc. It's simply me loving the album to the point  where I want to collect as many different versions (read: covers, artworks) as possible. I do own 2 copies of the original 1959 Columbia pressing in mono; one is framed since I got it in VG, almost NM condition; the other one gets spun all the time.  
Yeah, maybe they did the same here...1959 (album release) or 1926 (artist's birth year) might have been the winners for this one.
I listen to about 80% of them. To be honest, it started because I wanted the different covers, then it slowly descented into anniverssary & collector's editions. In my opinion, if one had to buy just one copy of the album, I'd go with the one I posted for a variety of reasons:

- I like the packaging. The jacket is extremely thick, it almost feels like a book. The inside features a very nice writeup, as well as some nice photos.

- It's numbered, which means nothing...but come on, we all float down here :)

- Both the stereo, as well as the mono versions sound aboslutely incredible.

If I had to choose a second version, I'd go with [this version](https://www.discogs.com/Miles-Davis-Kind-Of-Blue/release/3629442). The sound is just as good on both discs, the gatefold is solid, so is the artwork. It's also less expensive.
One number off from getting 1959 / 3000 (the year the album was recorded & released). I ordered it online, since I never saw this particular edition in stores anywhere. 

I probably own close to 40 variants / edtions of this classic, so this would have been the icing on the cake. I also realise that this one of the biggest 1st world problems to bitch about, so please understand that it's not to be taken too seriously.

Would have been nice though...
Even longer in "fashion years".
Adding some more denim-related pages:

http://i.imgur.com/q7LMsJ9.jpg 

http://i.imgur.com/OcmzzN0.jpg 

http://i.imgur.com/uKrY8Y5.jpg 
Let us know when your mixtape drops :)
I found this gem in an older book, called "Fuck Yeah, Menswear" (yep, from the same people who run the blog). 

Bonus: their store directory is still pretty relevant (for being an older publication) - they even featured some friends of ours.
I saw that, she could do quite a bit of "damage" with €200 at this point.

We're 1/4 there, thanks to /u/curious_kitten_ already, which I didn't expect.

Thanks for the heads up on the sale, I appreacite it!
Everything worked - 35GBP - Thank You!!!

This is a huge start, and as promised I will continue to pay it forward in the future.

I will also update my original post.

Again, from the bottom of my heart: Thank You. At the end of the day, I'm a stranger asking for a favour for yet another stranger, so this is a grand gesture to me.

Thank you very much, I truly appreciate it. 
