These are pretty much exactly what I am craving. I loved these games so much but now all I have is a PC.
Are you saying because I mistook a word that OP is therefore cel shading after all?
What benefits does nuclear give? How does maintenance compare to renewables? How does the market for fuel affect prices and our international trade? How can we guarantee environmental protection over a long term when we don't have any way to treat waste to make it safe? 
That's not what cell shaded means.
My apologies, I didn't intend to get anyone angry. I was mostly poking fun while reaffirming my statement. To be clear, I don't consider pop to be a derogative term. A lot of the music I listen to [can be considered pop](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X166riSU86M). Not because it is popular but because it follows popular trends and holds similar appeal. Pop essentially means popular, when I said pop house I meant music that appealed to the wider audience of that scene at that time, that is what pop is. Pendulum absolutely fit this description. That doesn't make them bad. What it does mean, and why I said it, is that they don't really need the press, especially where a post like this which is pretty much just marketing. I know a lot of people don't like it when music they like is called pop, which is partly why I said it. 

As for my personal music tastes, I did download a lot of DnB (and jungle) in the early days of limewire but wouldn't call myself a fan. A lot of DnB revolves around the addition of the amen break over unrelated techno which has limited appeal to me. I remember getting Blood Sugar off youtube when that first came out. I liked it, I was largely into [punk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZAwJmWoa7M&index=7&list=PLGiKLeepq5kFkxu5BhlBfSkxQB3PJ9czy) at the time but also a lot of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUkhTTzOjts) and [whatever this is](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_O3xZ-60A0), which was running under the label of hardcore trance at the time and was often played alongside pendulum. It was a pretty cringey era. Fat pants and 'hardstyle' dance. I was never sucked far enough into the psychological compensation trap to get into either of those things. I remember my neighbour buying some black and fluoro fat pants for a little under $1000. Trashy times.

I don't hold any disdain for Pendulum though, I listened to some of their stuff a fair bit. Though I preferred stuff like glitch mob or hard dance. Don't really remember a lot of the musicians I listened to back then and a lot of it was admittedly pretty obscure. I got a lot of stuff from Europe and that was a bit heavier than what we typically had here.

I think r/australia has a lot of really lame shit that gets posted. You often see a post which is a photo of Vegemite or Milo someone lazily took with their iphone, but wow that's Australian so it's got to hit the front page. I don't know if that is worse than when people post pictures of a misprinted Coles pricetag, eg. "WAS $3.19 NOW $3.28" etc. I guess there's a reason it happens less now. More recently there has been a trend of just posting a picture of a spider. Big whoop. My choice to express contempt on the Pendulum post was mostly random. It really is just a band that was popular for a short time which was part of a popular trend at the time, i'd feel the same if it was about The Living End, Jet, etc. If it was a local act with no fame I'd be all over it. We really need to do more for Australian music.
Labor/ Greens: Jazz fans, Fantasy fans, Documentaries.

Liberal: Country music fans, Horror/ Thriller fans, Sports.


If it's optional, the only people who are going to take it are people who care about sexual harassment. None of our politicians care about sexual harassment.
Be sure to post next time Iggy Azalea does a show in Australia.
Nice to see you're concerned by the Rainbow Lorikeet fans jumping on that post to push it to the front page when it has little relevance to Australia in general. Those people should really take that to r/Australianbirds where it belongs.
So are a lot of bands? what is special about this one? 
Buddhists and Hindus did.
I didn't say I don't care. I posted because I don't think r/Australia is the right place to talk about pop music. So, the opposite of not caring.
And?
They think they are above that, but unaware that playing out the fantasy does not subvert it.
Came here to say this. I subscribed to this sub to see cool things people have built, if I wanted tacky hardware shows I'd watch daytime TV.
I just judge both of you.
Gallipoli?
Anzac marks a day of tragedy. Never have I been to an Anzac service or event where it wasn't called a terrible mistake.
Don't know why you are being down voted. It is absolutely scummy.
I can't imagine why you would buy this for PC though.
For people like you this may be useful but for anyone actually suffering from conditions like psychosis or similar and are negatively impacted by HTC I wouldn't suggest anything other than avoiding it altogether unless guided by a doctor.
It's not complicated, if they are taught they will learn. If they are not taught, considering how rare analogue clocks are becoming there's no reason to learn. Despite the claims of everyone in here, reading clocks is not an innate ability, nor is it indicative of your intelligence or age.
Okay. What is a HOV lane and why do you need strangers in your car to use it?
Anzac is not pro-militarism
For as long as the immigrant scare is hot topic the liberals can do whatever they want.
The list is starting to add up but it has also been 4 years...
Having a job doesn't make you politically informed. University challenges political ideas daily, how is it in any way a bubble?
If they win over the name down'n'out then the problem isn't that they have rights over the brand in'n'out.

Key word is IF, they won't.
If they win over the name down'n'out then the problem isn't that they have rights over the brand in'n'out.
>I mean, I accept this, but this is very much at odds with what you've been saying previously.
It's not at odds. I've had to reiterate it in every comment because you keep trying to suggest that I'm saying Islam might one day be good so can't be criticised. Let me try again, Islam in it's current state today only serves to show one set of outcomes of what Islam can be. It doesn't say anything about the holistic state of the religion it only tells us a single point. This is not an argument saying that Islam can't be criticised because it might one day be good. I am trying to explain the fallibility of using one point in time to represent everything. Similarly Christianity is not defined by how terrible it was during the dark ages, the crusades, or any of the events I have stated. These events are the extreme points, and just like ISIS and Saudi Arabia they show us what is capable of humanity at the hands of religion. At some point it becomes an expression of humanity to inflict violent tribalism. Which is pretty much the crux of my stance on this issue. If what you're saying is that political violence is inherent to Islam then that must mean that all the Muslims in Australia right now are part of a plot to overthrow and murder non-Muslim Australia and install religious law, the more devout they are then the more they must wish this to happen.

"I only care about now because we live in the now" is not an argument. What you're saying about Nazi's. Are they not still bad? despite that they committed their crimes almost a century ago? but there are no Nazi genocides today so I guess they're okay now? You said this yourself, Nazism is still bad. But Christianity is free to be absolved of their extreme acts of collective violence because why? You are willing to judge Christianity as an amorphous collective but Islam is not? Even though the differences between Islamic cultures and peoples is huge. 

On the involvement of the west in Islamic countries: Outcomes are not often caused by a single act, especially when you are talking about the situation in a region or country. These are produced by many forces. One large force was western involvement. ISIS themselves were very much a product of the Iraq war and the defeat of Hussein who was himself a puppet put in place by the west. These are not small factors and just about every Muslim nation has a similar story. In this sense Islam is a tool for a political end, as any religion can be.

>Because, simply put, "now" is the only time we live in. That is all. It's not arbitrary, it's deliberate. As I said: what Islam did in the past doesn't affect me, and what it does in the future won't affect me. It's only now that affects me.
Which is arbitrary to the argument of what impact Islam has on humanity and how that compares to Christianity and other religions.

I am not saying that ISIS might become good one day, I am talking about Islam, (and again I am not saying Islam might be one day good I am arguing against the point that today's events are the only ones that matter.) If that is what you are trying to infer here:
>For example, do you think that Nazi-ism in 1938 was bad? Why? Just because it was bad at that moment in time doesn't mean it shouldn't be able to exist. Nazi-ism existed for barely 20 years. Barely enough time for a baby to grow into an adult, let alone the lifetime of a person. Surely you can concede that this isn't anywhere near enough time to judge if Nazi-ism is bad or good. Yes?

>We judge all of these political systems by moments in time. The same we do to Islam. Your reasoning is fallacious because you're invoking special pleading; it's fine to judge Nazi-ism over a period of 20 years, but not Islam over 20 years, and your reasons for this are entirely unclear.

Special pleading is when you ignore unfavourable points to your view. Like your unwillingness to accept history as relevant. I am not ignoring the terrible atrocities committed in Muslim societies. They are involved in the larger picture I am asking you to consider.

Though you are unwilling to judge Christianity for it's past. My reasons are clear. ISIS is a single outcome for a religion that has had thousands of civilisations over thousands of years. Nazism is one outcome of capitalism and nationalism, are you willing to judge all of capitalist society or nationalist society by Nazism? Nazism depends on aggressive nationalism to exist, it is a government. Islam is not. I've already stated that theocracy is bad. Islam does not only exist as theocracy. It exists in Australia in non-theocratic form. Theocracy is inherently bad, just as fascism is inherently bad. Fascism can't exist without nationalism as ISIS can't exist without Islam but nationalism can exist without fascism and Islam can exist without ISIS. And we can determine this by looking at periods in the past when Islam was doing comparatively well. 

While I don't wish to diminish the atrocity of the death penalty in Saudi Arabia, it's not unique to Islam at all. China leads with thousands of people sentenced to death every year, more than the Muslim world combined. They don't execute gays but they still subject gays to torture in the forms of shock therapy and mental abuse. And ofcourse the death penalty has been extensively used throughout history regardless of religion.

>Christianity voluntary grew out of its barbaric practices.
No, in the 1300's secularism and humanism started and we are still not completely free from backwards christian bullshit. Only last year did we get rid of marriage discrimination against gays, we still have governments who oppose climate science backed by religious nuts who believe the world is given to them by god to exploit. But with secularism and secular science the west progressed faster than any group in history, into industrialisation and out of the god fearing dark ages. Christianity was brought kicking and screaming through this, burning down libraries that taught unholy ideas and killing scientists who made discoveries at odds with the teachings of the church. Likewise the advancements made in the Muslim golden age were often made by scientists who were largely secular.

[Many Muslims are leaving Islam and they should be supported.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/ex-muslims-fear-atheism-violent-revenge-tsunami-of-atheism-a7344661.html)

When I asked where the Quran says the state should enforce god's law, in your own quotes: 
>"To each among you, We have prescribed a law and a clear way. If Allah willed, He would have made you one nation, but that (He) may test you in what He has given you; so strive as in a race in good deeds."

Which clearly states that those who are not religious are free to follow what is good by their own path so that "he may test you". Nothing about enforcing god's law.

>O you believe, obey God and obey the messenger and those in charge among you. 4:59

Which says plainly to obey those in charge among you.

>There shall be no compulsion in religion. 2:256

Not to force people to believe

>Had God willed, they would not have committed shirk. We did not appoint you as a guardian over them, nor are you a trustee over them. 6:107

That unbelievers are free from Islamic authority

Sura 9.29 I will not defend, nor jizyah. To have a proclamation from god to commit war or discriminate is wrong. I have read that this quote relates to the invading Byzantium force but just as the bible commands killing of man, woman and child in Amalek, it is unjust. Or that the bible calls for a holy genocide against non-believers.

And then there are the ones you have stated which depend on English translation of e.g.

>Quran (18:26) - "Allah... makes none to share in His Decision and His Rule"
>There is none beside Him as Lord and Master, and He never permits any partners to share in His kingship. http://www.quran-islam.org
So the usual "there is only one god" spiel 

I fail to see how Quran (5:44) is controversial.

>Quran (4:141) "Those who wait [and watch] you. Then if you gain a victory from Allah, they say, "Were we not with you?" But if the disbelievers have a success, they say [to them], "Did we not gain the advantage over you, but we protected you from the believers?" Allah will judge between [all of] you on the Day of Resurrection, and never will Allah give the disbelievers over the believers a way [to overcome them]."

You cut out the part which clearly shows this has nothing to do with overthrowing non-Muslim law.

>you will find that Christian commandments such as this come from the Old Testament which many Christians ignore.

We could go through the new testament if you like and pull out every crazy statement we can find and I will ask you, why do Christians not follow this? Why do Christians not gauge out their eye if they lust or cut off their arm if it causes them to sin? That women are not allowed to make noise in church, that you must not keep fortunes, that divorce is adultery etc. The worst cases are from the old testament but Christians still pick and choose. And the Jews whom still follow the old testament, what about them? Surely they are in as dire a situation as the Muslims?


I don't really know what is right here but I also don't care. If a good store wants to open up and be called in and out they can just name them self something else and if a rubbish store wants to reap the reward of an existing property then good riddance that they can't.

Maybe allowing pop-ups to hold copyright for the entire industry is too lenient, maybe it would be better to say you need a permanent store. But the above is still the same.
We certainly aren't perfect but we are a hell of a lot better than our siblings and mother.
I think I would like these better since I won't be stuck with a bag of lemon skittles.
A lot of people have started work at 15, a lot of people have left school at that age, some people have even left home at that age. We allow 15 year olds to participate in society but not vote. I would say almost everyone is voting based on emotion, most people have just post-justified their emotional response. Does turning 18 make people care about politics? Most 18 year olds haven't left home, haven't started working, have no reason to care about politics. Maybe there's a good reason but I don't think these ones hold up.

My emotional response was that 16 year olds shouldn't vote but I can't rationalise it.
What are some names that involve the word knife?
Their defense will be "the greens are a bunch of loonies"
We can't drive at 16.

Edit: does this differ by state?
What do you expect them to learn in those two years? Also only 1/3 of people will get to vote when they are 16.
The wife girlfriend whom is my girlfriend and the wife just bought me Fallout 4 from my girlfriend and GTA on the wife's console from girlfriend my wife is my girlfriend have I told you I have a girlfriend wife? this is such videogames ha ha 
Trying to hide a random boner while wearing a skirt sounds like a nightmare.
It's been three days, time for another Harry Potter thread.
My arguments are not that Islam might be good one day nor am I saying the British caused it to be bad, I don't know what the point of writing is when this is what you're going to take form it. And again, I am not saying Islam cannot be criticised. I have said that the position Islamic texts take on homosexuality, among other things, are bad. Let's be clear here.

My points are that taking this moment in time as determinate of the parameters for which a religion can exist is fallacious. It's called inductive reasoning and it is not logical in any sense. However you've stated that you only care about now because we exist in the now, and as such your conclusion only applies to now, to the state of Islam right now. Which is arbitrary. I've stated my reasons why history is important and this view is short sighted. You seem to have misinterpreted this and think I am saying that Islam might someday be good and is only bad because of the British and can't be criticised. I am not. 

Where does the Quran say the state should enforce god's law? I am not aware of this. I do know of the part that demands Muslims obey the law of the state, which has a equivalent in the bible. Are you taking the writing on slavery, taxes, social order, infidelity as commanding the state? does Christianity not make the same/ similar statements?

My argument is that both religions are bad for liberal democracy to a similar extent. While it is impossible for them to be exactly equal I think they both have shown how they can be used in a similar way to perpetrate suffering and violence. This goes far further than views on homosexuality, perhaps I shouldn't have humoured your point on that so much as, while it is terrible, in terms of numbers it is negligible. Colonialism and Imperialism are just one aspect of how Christianity was used to excuse human rights abuse, crusades another. Christianity played an important part of Nazism as well as the torture state of the Belgian Congo which I previously mentioned. All the slavery and oppression supported by Christians, and similar for Islam. We also have the [french wars of religion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Wars_of_Religion) which killed three million people, [the thirty years war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Wars_of_Religion) which killed 8-10 million, and the [Taiping rebellion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiping_Rebellion) which killed 20-100 million people. These have been the bloodiest religious wars in history and all are Christian, nothing in Islam comes close.

ISIS and Saudi Arabia are fucked up. Many Islamic countries are to varying degrees. The death sentence for apostates is certainly terrible, we did see similar things with heresy throughout christian history with punishments of torture and death. Punishment for homosexuals too, but not as widespread as in Islamic countries. We can find statements demanding death for apostates in Deuteronomy Ch13
>6 If your very own brother, or your son or daughter, or the wife you love, or your closest friend secretly entices you, saying, “Let us go and worship other gods” (gods that neither you nor your ancestors have known, 7 gods of the peoples around you, whether near or far, from one end of the land to the other), 8 do not yield to them or listen to them. Show them no pity. Do not spare them or shield them. 9 You must certainly put them to death. Your hand must be the first in putting them to death, and then the hands of all the people. 10 Stone them to death, because they tried to turn you away from the Lord your God.

I really don't disagree with the bad aspects of Islam or Islamic countries/ theocracies. I think the west rose out of it through wealth and education. If we can survive Christianity we can survive Islam. We can maintain our secular state. Many Muslims are becoming atheist and many more will. Like any other religion, I think Islam will slowly die out. Currently we are at far greater risk of Christians working theocratic laws into our countries by virtue of the fact that they have far more influence, they have a majority and they have the money. Muslims have 2 percent. Meanwhile we bomb the shit out of the middle east and instil as much corruption and instability as possible then use that as a reason for Islam being evil. Most Islamic countries may still be in that 1600's mindset and if we care about humanity we should be trying to help them out of it.

>Then by your definition there are no Christian theocracies, only secular democracies, but it is unarguable that places like the United States are still very much Christian nations.

The US government is not a theocracy. Countries that have Christian state religions are Costa Rica, Liechenstein, Malta, Monaco, and Vatican. However these are not necessarily theocracies.

>I fully support secularisation but let me be clear: The Kingdom of Saud was not "abandoned by the West after secularisation". They chose their path willingly and eagerly.

The PRACTICES that were abandoned by the west via secularism. Such as death to gays, heretics, etc. 

>The simple truth is that the only reason Christians did was because they got there first.

So you are willing to imagine what Islamic faith is capable of and consider that as a valid reason to diminish the actions of Christianity? And yet history doesn't matter to you?
When people teach prejudice they should be criticised. When people are violent they should face consequences. No left leaning person would say otherwise. It's a basic principle of left wing politics to stand against prejudice and violence. Freedom of religion means the freedom to practice your religion so long as doing so falls within the accepted laws of your country. Supporting someones right to practice religion does not mean you support the ideas of the religion. Left wing people are against homophobia, honour killings, death penalties, whatever else. I'm not defending someone preaching hate. The left defend the right for anyone to not be the targets of hate. Yes, in our country we do not force people into our belief systems, that's a great thing. The left are not defending Islamic theocracy. Christianity has been in a similar place in the past, I can only expect Islam to follow a similar path; that goes for any religion. So long as education and living standards increase, and we see that with Muslims often in western countries that already have those requirements met, that they are far more accepting of things like homosexuality, even denouncing prejudice against gays and supporting them. This is a good thing that should be encouraged. Yes, theocracy sucks, this is why the left oppose it.

I read you comments, yes Islamic countries are worse off in many regards including LGBT rights. I never suggested they weren't? I never supported that stance and nor does that or the rest of your comment have anything to what was stated. You said she supports the actions of extreme and far right Muslims by virtue of being Muslim herself OR she picks and chooses. I am saying everyone picks and chooses their beliefs regardless or religion. No two Christians believe exactly the same thing, they aren't all against homosexuality, they don't all support slavery etc. and it's not about Christianity, it's not "but muh Christianity", it's all religion, I could use Buddhism, Hinduism, Sikhism, whatever else. So saying that Yassmin supports homophobia, violence, subjugation of women, murdering of apostates, conquering by force simply by virtue of being Muslim denies her of any personal agency, it's prejudice. Nothing she has said suggests she could believe anything like that. What does LGBT rights records of Islamic countries have to do with Yassmin? Why is it that every step of the way left leaning people need to reiterate their condemnation of human rights abuses by Muslim extremists and theocracies regardless of whether it has anything to do with the topic? let me take some time out to say I condemn Human rights abuses, yes, I condemn them when they are committed by Muslims. Why is that necessary?

The condescending tone is because nothing you said had to do with what I had to say. Does Yassmin support wife bashing? Here am saying that people believe different things and you go on a rant about how the left is defending Islam or how criticism is called Islamophobia, arguing about how Islamic countries have terrible human rights abuses, that Islam is a pet project for left wing people, The king of saudi arabia disallowing women to drive. Okay, you don't agree with her saying Islam is feminist. Neither do I. What argument are you trying to have? I said that in the comment you were responding to. Why do I need to respond? She said that to her Islam is the most feminist religion, I think that if she didn't she wouldn't be Muslim. I don't care to defend her position because it is her position, not mine.

If you are left leaning, that you believe an individual deserves to be given a chance to prove themselves. Not to be defined by their identity. Benefit of the doubt and all that. Then it is uncharacteristic of you to determine that Yassmin supports all of these things simply by virtue of her identity. I took a brief look at her blog: She writes criticisms against sexual harassment, prejudice, inequality, censorship. But you are proposing that what matters is simply that she is Muslim and therefore it is very likely that she supports wife bashing? And you opened that comment with a rant about people calling fair criticism Islamophobia?
Didn't go so well with Trump.
Is this seriously 'mildly interesting"?
If you wanted to argue that at this point in time Islam is in a far worse position and that's it you should have said so, that's self evident. Arguing the dangers of Islamic theocracy and saying Christianity is better by comparing Islamic Theocracy to secular democracy does little to serve your point. The practices on which you are damning these societies which were abandoned by the west after secularisation only serves to credit the value of secularism. In terms of capacity for destruction Christianity has proven itself of being as destructive as Islam, and I am really throwing Christianity a bone here making it sound in any way equal. Christianity blows any other religion out of the water in regard to violence. The reason why history matters is because it tells us about how things occur, we can find patterns in how civilisations develop and compare them against each other and learn from them. Denying history to score points on simply who is worse today and using that to judge everything is absolutely inductive and fallacious.

The Hadith that states death to gays is not the Quran. While it still canonical the Hadiths reference different texts to interpret their meaning, in this case the hadith is referencing the bible. So you see how dangerous these statements in the bible are even if they don't explicitly state death as a penalty? The Quran itself says very little about homosexuality. The Islamic attitude is obviously horrendous and goes without saying should be condemned. That is not the point here though. I'm trying to get you to look at how societies develop. Christianity has supported capital punishment for almost the entirety of its existence.

I am arguing that humanity has a capacity for progress and that is not determined by religion which brought us out of the primitive rule of theocracy. That both Christianity and Islam have at their heart an equal capacity for injustice. Not all Islamic majority countries are theocratic, many are secular and it is short sighted to say they punish gays because of Islam. The Ottoman empire legalised homosexuality in 1858, Britain did it in 1967. It was even through British colonialism that many countries became anti-LGBT. My mistake stating Australia executed gays up until 1949, yes I was referencing capital punishment for gays. It isn't until 1990 that homosexuality was legalised and there were gays that were killed up until that time. No, not as bad as Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is possibly the most extreme case perhaps second only to ISIS. Did we legalise homosexuality because we are good Christians? What do you think caused it?

British culture today is different to British culture a century ago or any time before that. Culture constantly changes. Again, if you want to argue the anti-LGBT culture of Saudi Arabia is bad, I have no disagreements.

I am not arguing that Islam cannot be criticised. 

I am not arguing that Islamic theocracy will one day be good. 

I am not arguing that Saudi Arabia is good or innocent.

I am not defending Islam or their LGBT record.

To construe these things from what I've said shows a complete lack of will to understand the points being argued. You know very well that I am not saying any of this and there is no point repeating this when I've stated my points plainly.

As for your little story, first it is stated in a Hadith not the Quran which is relatively minor but at least get the story straight, the hadiths are not the word of god or their prophet but historical accounts. But anyway, I would argue against it the same way as when I am speaking to Christians: The state has no place enforcing god's law, and yes I have had this conversation with Christians.
Let's read it again:

>Would you say the same about Christians? Nobody follows every aspect of their religious text regardless of religion.

Do you see the part where I wrote "Nobody follows every aspect of their religious text regardless of religion", that's the point I'm arguing. Not "but Christians are bad so Islam isn't so bad". You said hopefully she picks and chooses and I've agreed by saying everyone does.


The left doesn't fight to defend Islam, it fights to defend freedom of religion and freedom from prejudice.
Than*

OP Is seems made mistake
The words are probably too basic. The Liberals party or The Libaral Party would likely be not allowed but adding democrat is a perfectly valid addition that has it's own meaning. I'd think it'd be hard to argue against it.
That person indicating the consequence of an imagined event or situation possess, own, or hold either of the two main categories (male and female) into which humans and most other living things are divided on the basis of their reproductive functions accompanied by one belonging to or associated with a female person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.
Christians had public executions, death penalty for homosexuality, apostates and athiests. None of these things are unique to Islam. I'm not saying that Saudi is a product of the west, I am saying that the west has actively sought out and supported despotic regimes throughout the region to prop up. To use the result as proof that Islam is inherently of this nature is ignoring the political and social influence in society. If Islam was inherently like this then all Muslims would be like this to some degree, they are not.

You are correct that because Rome was once the best place to live does not mean it is now. That is exactly what I am saying. Because Islam nations are suffering now does not mean it is inherent to Islam. It does not mean that Islam in the future will be the same or even that all Muslims today are the same. This is exactly my point. Because Christian nations are the best now does not mean they will be in the future. So what drove these changes? was it religion? if you want to argue that: well, Rome Collapsed after turning Christian. Nobody argues that though, it was their economics. And these things, economics, education, wealth, have a far greater bearing on the nature of society than religion.

I am not saying the west stole technology. That has absolutely nothing to do with anything I said, the point I am trying to make is that the way society develops in not insular. We trade between nations and cultures. We develop and progress accordingly and if we had not traded with outside nations we would not have become so powerful. Other cultures played a part in our own success, yet they are simply inferior? And yes, exactly the same for other countries. China became powerful by building factories to manufacture things for the west, using west developed technology. Before that the country was far more despotic, and despite their communist origin things are improving. 

Australia executed people for being gay up until 1949, we changed. Saudi Arabia will change if they need to but why would they ever need to when they have the unwavering support of the US? There is a far deeper political problem that you are choosing to ignore so you can say Islam is inherently terrible. For Saudi to take the same path as Poland or Japan there would need to be so much that would need to be different that religion becomes negligible, and again most of that change is driven by economics, is Brasil too. The economic situation of Saudi Arabia encourages insanity. They make their living from it, I wonder if those same forces played on Poland or Japan what state those countries would be in.

Wasn't reformation a movement against the pope? It criticised the pope and existing religious establishment? Nor did the bible establish papacy which is why the reformation happened? Having a ruling king does not help reform at all. Much of the problem with Saudi Arabia occurred because of their monarchy. Saudi has a lot of money but Saudi people are not rich, almost all of the money goes to their monarch and keeps the people poor and powerless. And that is exactly the problem. You are judging Saudi Arabia by it's monarch and then judging Islam by Saudi Arabia. This is fallacious, inductive reasoning.
Would you say the same about Christians? Nobody follows every aspect of their religious text regardless of religion. It depends on social and political influences of the time. To say someone supports X therefore must also support Y and Z is fallacious.
I'd love to see them play Resistance/ Avalon
I'll take the rocket with parmesan for $9.90...
It's probably my favourite shooter so yes, I love it and would say it's still fun.
I don't have it all installed at once. I have 91 games installed right now. A lot of those are indie games that don't take much space so total is 267gb. I have no idea what my full library would be.
I live in Australia so I don't even bother with matchmaking and just find a pub server. I've heard people from other regions say they don't have any problem with matchmaking anymore. It has a small playerbase here but they are pretty dedicated. Still great fun to play.
It has a small but dedicated playerbase, it's releasing soon so hopefully it'll get a boost from that.
Says it under the library menu tab on steam. It doesn't include my non-steam games of course.
When I took my cat in the car she would always try to climb to the window but I never let her get close because I thought she might try to jump out. Maybe she just wanted to do this.
I agree that there are some serious privacy concerns involved here. My thought was what if you just bought a new TV and need to throw away the packaging. I can think of ways to overcome this, such as putting the material in a bag. I don't know if it would actually achieve anything and seems less efficient then say simply taxing products by the amount of waste they produce.
I have 1060 and have only been playing dirty bomb.

Edit: I have 1060 games, Not a GTX 1060.
You say it like they are some Hindu-nationalism sub. Every second post there is taking the piss out of Hindus. Specifically Cow piss.
While it sounds good on the surface I don't think it will do much. If you want people to make less waste add a waste tax to products so the more waste they contain the higher the tax.
If you don't care then what's the problem? I think it could be good. Less about shame because everyone has way too much trash.
God was very good at writing books. What else would you do if you had all the cosmic energy of and beyond the universe in your control? 
Our very own flint Michigan.
Honestly not a bad idea. We could fill it with pokies.
Her business depends on it so of course she does.
I was a kid when he became famous and most kids at my school thought he was pretty cringy. I've all due respect for the guy, he was popular for what that was worth but it really was like we were obligated to love him because America did.
I think our accents are fine for rapping, it just seems that a lot of rappers feel the need to emphasise how Australian they are rather than rapping in rhythm. Maybe it's their lack of talent pushing them to try to get attention through patriotism for playing their identity.
I thought the point of this sub was to post images that accidentally look like renaissance art.
I'm not arguing that the soviets were not pursuing communism or that it wasn't devastating or anything like that. Simply that communism is a political ideology that is at odds with what the soviets actually created and it is often expressed that Soviet Russia or Maoist china is not real communism for that reason. So I was bringing that up while trying to poke a little fun at the people who always bring it up, such as the CPA. So that was my joke.

But it is also true that communism is a moneyless society established on classlessness and without a ruling state. Soviet Russia was a Society which used money, has an all powerful ruling elite with totalitarian control over the population. If you want to argue that this is bullshit then you can if you like but that's sort of not what I was aiming for. But your response seems to be suggesting that I don't think communism lead to dictatorships but I actually just agree with you. I don't know if it always does but the societies that have attempted it have ended up in terrible places.
Maybe night owls would be less depressed if they didn't have to be up and functional at ridiculous hours for them.
People have started avoiding the intersection.
¶ turn
How would it give them any more political power than they already have?
If they don't make profit they don't get taxed same as any business.
This is the amount that has completely died. Almost the entire reef has been bleached.
But I wanna be the reaper!
If only we had some kind of organisation that was responsible for providing basic services to the nation.
And getting rid of capital gains and negative gearing.
Social elements. It's socialist if we have a common people run state or industry which we don't.
Only if it is distributed via socialist means, which it is not. So yes it it utter bullshit. Socialism does not equal government run. A socialist society may have free healthcare but that's the only similarity.
I think you've mistaken my comment.
Which is not socialist or 'socialist elements' or anything much to do with socialism. It's social democracy and while the terminology might seem arbitrary and pedantic they mean very specific things that are vastly different from each other despite the propensity for people to misuse the terms in everyday speech.

Socialism is the process of moving the means of production to the workers. So moving power to everyday people.

Social Democracy is a capitalist society that provides equal treatment of citizens via regulation and welfare.

I hope this didn't come across as a shitty comment.
Considering the US has Bears, Snakes, Cougars, Wolves, Alligators, killer bees, Sharks, Scorpions, Spiders, Wolverines, Coyotes, Bison, Deer, I don't really know why we got the reputation of being the country full of deadly animals.
The communist nations were just socialist though, and what socialist countries are doing well?
Obligatory soviet wasn't communist comment.
I had forgotten what international roast was so I googled it and almost vomited. That label... the memories.. no.. noo
I don't know if I would say that this means she believes women should be trapped in abusive relationships. They seem a little different to me.
I don't agree with her but if that's her judgement then that's up to her. Because she is Muslim doesn't mean she supports wife bashing and I have no reason to make that assumption.
Who needs evidence when you can just use memes!
It seems people are expecting her to just make a drastic psychologically straining transition on a dime, which seems both pretty unsympathetic and unrealistic. People need support networks. To say to someone in an abusive relationship to just leave Islam, what exactly will that do? She just magically doesn't believe in god anymore, her husband magically disappears, her life is magically rebuilt. It's hard enough for women who aren't Muslim to do, why is it that in this scenario sympathy is so difficult to muster?
Do you have a citation for that? I wasn't aware she said anything like that.
What's the problem with Yassmin and what does she have to do with this?
Find me a feminist who wouldn't condemn this?
The problem with religion is that people think it is real. You can't just change your fundamental perception of reality on a whim.
Stop getting sci-fi mixed up with fantasy! Sci-fi is supposed to be theoretically possible!
Well, backwards bronze age religion.
People don't believe in god because they feel like. She thinks it is real. That takes a whole lot of time to change.
If you aren't racist then you have an easy afternoon to just follow along with. Do you object so vehemently every time you know something you're being trained to do? Did you go on strike whenever your school had you do some revision?
Sure. Saudi is a crazy place. It's also a country that is propped up by the west. It needs to be crazy, it needs to destabilise the region and make it easier for foreign control to take influence. These countries were designed to be failures and they were not designed by Muslims, they were designed by the British. So I think simply saying Muslim countries are bad therefore Islam is bad and Christian countries are good therefore Christianity is good, or at least better than Islam. That really denies a lot of history. It's too reductionist and plainly inductive. Keep in mind that throughout the dark ages when Christians where wallowing in the mud Islam was having it's own golden age, if we were to use the same reasoning but set in that period instead of today the judgement would be that Islam is much better than Christianity. Christian nations didn't rise up from their own organisation but by taking technology imported from Buddhist and Muslim nations. I'm not trying to argue Islam as good just trying to point out the flaw in that line of thought, it's a far more complex picture. As science progressed and living standards rose the general attitudes of people changed and Christianity changed with it. That change was driven by science which the church often opposed but in the end those changes still happened. I see no reason to believe that if the living standards of Muslims rose then the attitudes and culture of Islam would change with it just like Christianity did. I would say it already is happening, in Malaysia, Brunei, other SEA countries this change certainly seems to be underway as well perhaps as other places like Qatar. Even Saudi Arabia ranks higher in HDI than many christian nations, only two ranks below Poland. The top spots are all christian but those are all countries that have already gone through that process of development a long time (save Singapore) ago and are shedding their christian religion.

slightly TL;DR We rose out of despotism despite Christianity, I think Muslim countries can rise out despotism despite Islam in a similar way. However today's politics are centred around destabilising most Muslim countries as much as possible so the path is quite reasonably going to be different and that doesn't necessarily reflect Islam. Islam might very well progress in the next hundred years as much as Christianity did in a millennium due to the difference in technology and information that we have today. Only time will tell.
People in here saying she should leave the religion like she just chose to be Muslim because she felt like it at the time.
You just described religion in general.
Looks like it is made to service vehicles, the buildings adjacent are ABC capricornia and Andersons city printing works (165 East street). Underneath there are [three trap doors](https://www.google.com.au/maps/@-23.3801562,150.5155217,3a,60y,136.95h,141.28t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s9V5CZrR9vod0IteEOS4FRw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) perhaps used to drop or retrieve something out of the top of a vehicle? One of the trap doors has a mesh grate and it looks pretty empty on the inside with openings for airflow, the area below the structure is marked as a loading zone. The side of the building says "SUB No. 380". City Printing seems to have a loading area next to the structure which is marked but the directly connected building is also definitely part of the same site. Certainly seems like an odd building to have for a business involved in wedding invitations. I can't find information on businesses previously renting that building. Apart from that I found that the site has been used for rockhampton Quay lane markets and a river festival (?) where you can see the structure in the background of market photos. Maybe there is a mention somewhere e.g. "market under the old X building". Looking further down Quay lane there are more identical structures, these marked "SUB No.350" and "SUB No.  261", 3 in total. It's odd because there is no uniformity to the attached properties like you would expect if these were old factories or something. One of them is built over a smaller connected alleyway on one side which makes me think they were originally connected to the buildings on the riverside of the lane. Someone suggested that it may have connected two buildings that no longer exist, I would say that is not the case as adjoining buildings are all one story except for 43 quay lane where it brushed against a parapet. Looking at the wear on the roofing all these adjacent buildings are much older than the weird structure. My guess would be that these little buildings were built in the 80s though I can't be sure. All of them have some metal conduit running out through the sealed trapdoor. Hope you don't mind this long rambling post.


I'm stumped. Question is if it is used to load or service a vehicle then why is there no ground access?

Why does it need air flow? 

What are the pipes for?

Hopefully we'll find out.
Says age restricted.
So other people pay for the damage in unrelated revenue measures?
It will take time but things are slowly improving. Think of how much has changed in the past 100 years. Technology and culture are moving more rapidly than ever. It will take time. It will require generations to pass before attitudes really change but I don't know if it will take 200 years. That seems a bit longer than I'd expect. But then who can know say.
We have an amount of damage that is inflicted on the country due to alcohol ($26bil.) To pay for it we could either:

* Disqualify healthcare for alcohol related illnesses and injuries, have police charge drunk people for their services etc.

* Cover the costs of alcohol related damage from other revenue in general as we currently do.

* Implement higher alcohol tax to cover the costs that alcohol does in damages.

Which of these make the most sense? Option one is ludicrous and puts people unexpectedly in situations that can destroy their life due to an innocent misjudgement as well as simply being impossible to implement with a tonne lost in administration costs. Option two is unfair for people who don't drink alcohol or drink very little. Option three scales directly with the amount of alcohol you purchase. What exactly are you arguing? 
Ah! I see! Thanks for explaining it!
That explains it. Never watched it.
They aren't being punished for the woes of others. They are paying an amount that is proportionate to the amount they drink and thus it increases as they consume more. There's no reason for the rate to scale and if it did how could that be implemented?

So it's not even in the ballpark but if you want to be that individualist then stop driving on roads, stop using public health infrastructure, never go to the police. A nation is built upon shared responsibility for the nation.
I don't get it?
They won't. They'd pay the tax on the bottles they bought, not the bottles anyone else did. Someone who is chronic is going to be paying a lot more and thus your parents would be paying a far smaller proportion of the raised revenue. Why would they pay any less? This is the cost of having that freedom.
Internal monologue: "not all dolphins are rapists, not all dolphins are rapists, not all dolphins are oh god help me"
I also may have the quote wrong. It's just from memory.


Edit: nope, the exact quote:
>Now, if Australia were serious about trying to save lives at sea, it would set up a processing centre in Indonesia, so nobody would have to get on a boat. They could be processed there.

I'm also not sure what the situation with processing is like in Indonesia. A quick google and I can't really find any information on it other than their detention of refugees, so there might be nuance in his statement that we're missing. I do think we should be pressuring Indonesia/ Malaysia/ etc. to sign refugee convention and protocol. 
I don't see why we'd give tax rebates for alcohol? I did a very quick google and got the numbers 2 billion in revenue a year and 26 billion in damages from alcohol.
I think they should be equivalent to the amount of damage they cause the country.
Other countries need to take more but we need to too.
No one is suggesting that we take all 5 million of them. Stop saying this bullshit. The suggestion is that we aren't doing enough.
No one is inviting Assad over for lunch.
That's not how this works. They form a country and then back a minority to have undisputed power. It's like if China backed a group of aboriginals to have complete power over the rest of Australia.
We did it, we fixed it! /s
Who said that?
They state that criminalisation increases harm with no proven benefit though.
12,000 of...

>the United Nations (UN) identified 13.5 million Syrians requiring humanitarian assistance, of which more than 6 million are internally displaced within Syria, and around 5 million are refugees outside of Syria. [Wikipdeia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Refugees_of_the_Syrian_Civil_War)

We did it! we fixed it guys!
I don't think so. From their statement:

>It is often thought that criminal penalties are a deterrent to cannabis use and, therefore, an effective way to prevent the health impacts and other harms associated with cannabis use. These beliefs have little foundation. A system of criminal prohibition for cannabis use applied in Australia for many years, but the incidence of cannabis use was still significant. The introduction of less serious civil penalties and diversionary alternatives to criminal sanctions did not significantly increase the rates of uptake and use among Australians.[44]
 
>For those who are not deterred from use by criminal penalties, criminalisation can add to the potential health and other risks to which cannabis users are exposed. [LINK](https://ama.com.au/position-statement/cannabis-use-and-health-2014)

They they seem to support the legalisation of cannabis. They mention other risks such as kids getting access to cannabis and difficulty quitting as some harms. I can only speculate that this is why they don't support the proposal.
Strange they agree with the strategy but oppose the proposal. Perhaps if the greens added a strategy to reduce kids using it and rehab then AMA would support it? 
That's a little different to banning tobacco, in fact I would say it is nothing at all like banning tobacco. What does that have to do with the legalisation of marijuana? How is this contradictory at all? You realise you can have both legal weed and no smoke areas implemented right?
That's pretty broad. Any in particular? Their reform of negative gearing and capital gains seems sorely needed, I opened up their economic policies on their website and don't see anything weird. Raise more revenue than we spend; seems good, reduce inequality by including inequality statements in budget measures; seems good, stop propping up outdated dead industries with tax breaks and hand outs; seems good. What am I missing?
You think they are going to tax the use of plants you grow yourself? You should be pleased to hear that this is not at all the proposal.

Unless you think that tax shouldn't exist at all then I would like to know how a country could exist in that scenario.
Greens have supported weed for years. Decades even. They have produced this now because it has been agreed upon by branches in all states. Where as previously it was being blocked by Tasmania, one branch.

Also, of course it will be taxed. Why wouldn't it be? Why would weed be tax exempt?
Which ones?
Can't find anything on them wanting to ban tobacco.
>The Greens do have some looney policies

Which ones? People seem to like saying this but never clarify it.


As for cannabis. I don't like recreational drugs, would rather see less of them in the country. There's no reason for them to be illegal though.
We all know this but it doesn't stop the shitters from trying to peddle the 'we're too moral to let people risk their lives to save their lives' trash.
Bring back the death penalty? What the actual fuck?
Roth put it well when he said "If you cared about people dying at sea you would set up a centre in Indonesia so people wouldn't have to go by boat."
It's The Greens so it's RADICAL.
Australia: Where all the animals will try to kill you

USA: Where all the people will try to kill you.
For as long as we have anything to do with it anyway.
The whole idea of workers being mistreated and having to secretly organise resistances in fear of being removed is so Orwellian.
I think a lot of people justify their drinking habits with the belief that some is good for you and better than none. I know my old folks believe this and have a regular drink because of it.
"I'm not plotting with Dutton": Abbott confirms he is plotting with Dutton.
If nothing else it has been amusing to watch these guys try to string together a moral argument.
haha I'm going to film this girl sleeping! That'll be a fun video!
It's the type of shit you just didn't think was possible to even be considered. Glad it was shot down.
"Must have been the wind"
Apologies. I have never been into the store. I was just making a joke. I'm not sure what benefit r/australia could provide over google.
"build it and they will come" or "Supply creates demand" is called Say's law

>Keynes's rejection of Say's law has on the whole been accepted within mainstream economics since the 1940s and 1950s

[From wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supply_creates_its_own_demand)
>it becomes way easier to plan infrastructure when you don't have hundreds of thousands of extra people moving into the cities.

This is a red herring. We don't plan plan infrastructure for today's population, we plan it for the next 50 years. Our major cities have already reached their threshholds, they are going to hit 10m regardless of immigration rates within our next cycle. So it doesn't make a lot of difference.
off ya tree?
What's the problem?
It blows my mind that cities as large or larger than ours could have a public transport system in worse shape than ours. All the cities I've been to have been leagues ahead, I can't imagine comparable sized cities even functioning on less.
Think you need to hit the history books. All of these emerged through nationalist movements.
This whole image looks like it has a painterly filter on it.
What a shit show. Just... why?
Pretty bitter response.
It just means these games attract a similar crowd.
I think it's a play on the story of Kronos who was told his children would destroy him so when they were babies he killed them (by eating them in the original tale).
You asked what is bad about nationalism. I felt that question is much too far reaching, you could write a thesis on that, so I tried to distil a response down to the shortest point possible. Which is that nationalism is inherently connected to supremacy which is most apparent in those extreme cases. Ideas of togetherness regardless of identity would be cosmopolitanism or simply a love of our country is patriotism. Nationalism requires identity and a national identity requires a common trait. So what is a national identity based upon? and what do you do with it? how do you make people conform with your nationality? Nationalism is not simply believing in your country but is the determination that your nation can do no wrong. It is good because it holds your identity, not because it does good things. And those who hold a different nationality are inherently bad. What we see as nationality today in Australia is through a distorted lens, Australian nationality was very much based on ideas if religion and race. It was a ethnic christian nation, and it's still a common thread today that we need to stick to our British judeo-christian roots. Racism is nationalism, racism was born from nationalism. It's a form of nationalism. Specifically it is the arm of nationalism that is most focused on hatred of those outside their nation, Jingoism. How can you hold ideas that your national identity is supreme without harbouring ideas that other identities are lesser or degenerative? How can that lead to anything other the dehumanisation of other peoples which is a scenario for imposed suffering. To imperialism, totalitarianism, Huxley/Orwellianism. It all requires nationalism.
I am not claiming that is the case. Someone asked what is bad about nationalism. I felt that question is much too far reaching, you could write a thesis on that, so I tried to distil a response down to the shortest point possible. Which is that nationalism is inherently connected to supremacy which is most apparent in those extreme cases. What you are talking about is more along the lines of cosmopolitanism or patriotism. Nationalism does not necessarily mean race, religion or class as any idea can be pushed as that of a national identity (eg. communism) but a national identity requires a common trait. So what is a national identity based upon? and what do you do with it? how do you make people conform with your nationality? Nationalism is not simply believing in your country but is the determination that your nation can do no wrong. It is good because it holds your identity, not because it does good things. And those who hold a different nationality are inherently bad. What we see as nationality today in Australia is through a distorted lens, Australian nationality was very much based on ideas if religion and race. It was a ethnic christian nation, and it's still a common thread today that we need to stick to our British judeo-christian roots. Racism is nationalism, racism was born from nationalism. It's a form of nationalism. Specifically it is the arm of nationalism that is most focused on hatred of those outside their nation, Jingoism. How can you hold ideas that your national identity is supreme without harbouring ideas that other identities are lesser? How can that lead to anything other the dehumanisation of other peoples which is a scenario for imposed suffering. To imperialism, totalitarianism, Huxley/Orwellianism. It all requires nationalism.

All in all I would say my own thoughts on whether or not nationalism is good or bad in totality is uncertain. It is such a fundamental concept of social organisation I cannot say it cannot lead to good outcomes, we certainly have good nations today that have been the product of some form of nationalism. Are they good because of nationalism or in spite of there nationalism? I don't know, but I'll certainly be reading more about it. Maybe it is something we won't know until we've moved on and can look back on today's age without the inherent bias of living in the time.
[Majority of Australia's political violence is right wing and jihadi](https://aic.gov.au/publications/tandi/tandi491). I was going to research the points myself but the Wikipedia article alone is so damning I think I'll just leave it with that. Citations in article.
>the New America Foundation placed the number killed in terrorist attacks in the United States (since 9/11) as follows: 103 killed in jihadist terrorist attacks, 70 killed in far-right attacks, and 8 killed in black separatist/nationalist/supremacist attacks.[38] The politically conservative Daily Caller News Foundation using data from the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism (START), found 92% of all "ideologically motivated homicide incidents" committed in the United States from 2007 to 2016 were motivated by right-wing extremism or white supremacism.[39] According to the Government Accountability Office of the United States, 73% of violent extremist incidents that resulted in deaths since September 12, 2001 were caused by right-wing extremist groups.[40][41] - [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-wing_terrorism#United_States)

The [corresponding article for left wing violence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Left-wing_terrorism#United_States) shows there hasn't been much since the 80s and nothing noted for Australia.

Evidently it would seem it is the conservatives.
[Majority of Australia's political violence is right wing and jihadi](https://aic.gov.au/publications/tandi/tandi491). I was going to research the points myself but the Wikipedia article alone is so damning I think I'll just leave it with that. Citations in article.
>the New America Foundation placed the number killed in terrorist attacks in the United States (since 9/11) as follows: 103 killed in jihadist terrorist attacks, 70 killed in far-right attacks, and 8 killed in black separatist/nationalist/supremacist attacks.[38] The politically conservative Daily Caller News Foundation using data from the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism (START), found 92% of all "ideologically motivated homicide incidents" committed in the United States from 2007 to 2016 were motivated by right-wing extremism or white supremacism.[39] According to the Government Accountability Office of the United States, 73% of violent extremist incidents that resulted in deaths since September 12, 2001 were caused by right-wing extremist groups.[40][41] - [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-wing_terrorism#United_States)

The [corresponding article for left wing violence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Left-wing_terrorism#United_States) shows there hasn't been much since the 80s and nothing noted for Australia.
Groups that are such a severe minority both to the non-violent left but also their right wing equivalent.  [Majority of Australia's political violence is right wing and jihadi](https://aic.gov.au/publications/tandi/tandi491). I was going to research the points myself but the Wikipedia article alone is so damning I think I'll just leave it with that. Citations in article.
>the New America Foundation placed the number killed in terrorist attacks in the United States (since 9/11) as follows: 103 killed in jihadist terrorist attacks, 70 killed in far-right attacks, and 8 killed in black separatist/nationalist/supremacist attacks.[38] The politically conservative Daily Caller News Foundation using data from the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism (START), found 92% of all "ideologically motivated homicide incidents" committed in the United States from 2007 to 2016 were motivated by right-wing extremism or white supremacism.[39] According to the Government Accountability Office of the United States, 73% of violent extremist incidents that resulted in deaths since September 12, 2001 were caused by right-wing extremist groups.[40][41] - [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-wing_terrorism#United_States)

The [corresponding article for left wing violence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Left-wing_terrorism#United_States) shows there hasn't been much since the 80s and nothing noted for Australia.
And I'm not claiming that is the case. But you can't do it. Every tyrannical government emerged from nationalism, and I don't mean the 'let's form a nation' nationalism. It calls into question why, especially when we see nationalism as a driving force behind many destructive or violent extremist movements in democratic societies too. While not conclusive I'd ask that it is worth looking into and there is quite a lot of literature that seems to be in agreement.
Find me a tyrannical dictator who didn't base their platform on nationalism.
Except the right are dominating the stage in violence and conspiracy peddling while the left has been growing more academic and less violent. They are in now way moving in equal ways.
This keeps happening.
Well they could just put the phone on top of the outlet box but hey it works.
We all know bringing in outside capital, labour and movement into an economy destroys it!!!1!/
If you can't work this out you aren't master race.
And it's very popular with the upper class.
Also non-australian authors and non-radio music.
You're blind if you can't accept the lack of relevance Australia has to global literature. 
Me too. I read a lot of authors like Camus/ Dostoevsky but more than that I find myself reading academic literature. So Just your average working class boy with vocational education.

Seems like an oversight considering how few significant Australian authors there are.
I hate how they just upload this clips to youtube instead of the whole episode.
So the impact is it will effectively reduce overall immigration by the number of kiwis in the country? 
I remember seeing these 20 or so years ago. They didn't catch on in that time so I don't have high hopes.
Helpful people.

Just stop. If you ever find yourself saying "I'm just trying to help" you need to sit the fuck down.
Proving nothing about the article but nonetheless, shame you don't hold yourself to those standards.
This post has really brought them all out into the open.
Good thing they're not doing that.
Specifically it's like bringing up Palestine when Jews mourn camps.
Except the author isn't arguing that her individual experience is proof that trends exist or not. She is responding to individual events that happened to her or she has heard. You can't source opinion. You don't need to source opinion. It is opinion. Often is not a set amount, neither is many. It is essentially any amount. Often could be anything more than not often but what determines the difference is completely subjective. If she was trying to claim "most White Australians are racist" you'd want a source of some kind.

Stop taking everything as a personal attack. It's not.

>getting TRIGGERED about words people say, getting all salty and 'stung' by things people say is a huge sign of weakness completely seperate to one's skin colour will not work. You need to fight for your fair go, you don't just get given a piece of paper with the words 'Fair go' written on it, you need to earn it by not being a wet piece of tissue paper.

I'm really surprised you've changed so quickly and become so self reflective. I agree. This article really isn't anything worth getting 'triggered' about.
Have you tried typing any of those names into google followed by a term like racism, discrimination, controversy, criticism etc. all of them have a story. Most of them are exceptional because they are the first aboriginal to be acknowledged in their field. The first. One. You are trying to argue against trends with literal individual cases. It's no surprise that you do the same for the reverse, that because there are groups of poor white people that means no white person has any social advantage over others. [Have a read.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faulty_generalization)

Where does the author say being white automatically grants you access to a powerful elite club?

Why are you trying to imply that the author is judging all white Australians when in the very title she says some?

You got to stop thinking and interpreting everything as inductive.


We all have it tough but why should someone have it tougher than someone else because they were born with some arbitrary difference such as skin colour? What happened to a fair go?
What visa should she have?
What visa should she have?
"White Anglo-Australians often view us curiously" is not a claim that needs to be sourced. She is not quoting statistics or making a falsifiable statement. She explains what she means in the rest of the sentence. There is no reason to stop here and demand a source. The quote is:

>White Anglo-Australians often view us curiously — a problem to solve when we are poor or disadvantaged, but perplexing and troublesome when socio-economically affluent. Our identities morph chaotically.

So you see the curious nature she is talking about is that it seems that people want to help when they are disadvantaged but then when they are successful they are treated they are 'troublesome'. Curious is the word she has chosen to describe this.

As you can also see if you look at the whole sentence "a problem to solve when we are poor or disadvantaged," isn't criticising white people wanting to help. It isn't making any kind of statement for or against people wanting to help. It is outlining that this is 'curious' when paired with the idea that Indigenous Australians are 'perplexing and troublesome' when they are affluent.

Following this you try to dispute the claim that successful aboriginals are treated as perplexing and troublesome when they are successful. I should mention that this article seems to be about the experiences of the author, she is drawing heavily from her own life. So bringing up Cathy Freeman doesn't exactly nullify the treatment she is saying she has received herself. Nonetheless, you want to talk about Cathy Freeman. That we purely enjoyed her success, ignoring the amount of [controversy](https://www.smh.com.au/sport/adam-goodes-lewis-jetta-cathy-freeman-nicky-winmar-five-times-black-pride-was-shut-down-20150729-gimndb.html) surrounding her at the time and the [racism she had received throughout her life](https://www.sbs.com.au/news/cathy-freeman-opens-up-about-discrimination-during-her-career). So while your point is irrelevant to authors, it is also completely false. Needless to say that having aboriginals in sports is not proof that they are treated well in society.

Funny how you call Obama not white, well everyone does. Obama, the first black president. Funny he is called black and not white when he is as much black as he is white. He has one white parent and one black. Need I mention the racism he faced? It does not matter what Obama's race is. His existence does not disprove the race wage gap in the US and he is certainly not representative of people in power, whom are mostly white. Because something is written in law does not mean that discrimination does not exist. Where does the whiteness end indeed.

Don't know what slavs, celts, french, irish, has to do with anything. But anyway, the existence of poor white people does not refute that non-white people are treated poorly. And certainly has nothing to do with the point of her article. I guess you get to call something a victim complex and that alleviates you of having to engage with their argument in your rebuttal. And she's too soft now, while the Illuminati are standing there with their Dulux samples you've got your Mohs Hardness scale ready.

Do you think she brought up the quote because it is the worst thing she has ever heard or do you think she brought it up because it illustrates the point she is making? That a successful aboriginal is 'perplexing'.

>It appears that if you're not white, you may be actively (perhaps often subconsciously) seeking out reasons to be triggered.

So non-white people are just looking for excuses to complain? You got a source for that?
It must be nice being able to just call something race baiting and thus never needing to actually engage with anything being said.
Like every privatised service.
It wasn't a mistake, they knew what they were doing.
Her visa
>are permitted to receive honoraria, speaker’s fees, travel reimbursements and other incidental payments for legitimate academic activities

So there are a few lingering questions.
Peak equality was world war two. inequality has slowly risen since then and now is back to pre-WW2 levels. WW2 was the great leveller in that regard.
That is probably the case, however
>“We understand that Yassmin was traveling on a type of visa that she had used in the past for similar trips without issue.

Which begs the question, was she wrongfully allowed in before?

edit: according to [this poster](https://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/8bln6k/yassmin_abdelmagied_says_she_is_being_deported/dx81gmq/) she was using a b1/b2 visa
We may not have walk-ability, transport, housing affordability, public space, employment access, food access, but we are really knocking it out of the park in alcohol access.
She wrote "lest we forget (Manus, Nauru, Syria, Palestine...)"
How is Yassmin the left wing equivalent of Pauline?
If they want to they can. What's the problem with that?
Likewise if we expected and enforced women to wear skimpy clothing then women having the choice not to would be liberating.
Men also designed all the other standards for clothing we follow. Do you have a problem with that?

If an individual makes the choice to wear what they want to wear and what they want to wear is a hijab then what part of that is in contradiction to female empowerment. As i said before, forcing someone to wear a hijab is bad, so I don't know why you are bringing up rules as though every time anyone wears a hijab it's because they are being forced to.
What is modesty clothing then? and what does that have to do with female empowerment?
Clothing is not 'empowering' depending on how revealing it is.
Wasn't the GTA figures only counting physical PC and console sales? The GTA figure was box sales. The estimate might be 30% or more higher when accounting for Digital, PC sales and microtransactions.

Regardless of whether or not GTA is the biggest it does look as though videogames had other industries beat for a long time. Many of them top that 3 billion dollar point.
Being forced to wear a hijab is bad.
Being forced not to wear hijab is bad.

Being free not to wear a hijab is good.
Being free to wear a hijab is good.



I don't see what modesty clothing has got to do with it.
Most of it is.
Cutting the cost of killing.
plastic cheese is great for melting. What are you eating?
>those threads where people play up being "Aussie" are incredibly cringy imo.

My thoughts exactly.
Good to see someone raking labor for their compliance to the liberal party. It's a damn joke The party that opposed gay marriage was the one to legalise it after the ones who supported it held power for 9 years. This and the other topics mentioned goes to show how driven by populism labor really are.
Wonder if the liberal party will care as much about this as they did about the outage in south Australia that was caused by a storm knocking down lines but was wind powers fault. Maybe these fires were caused by wind power too.
Is there a source on what the mistakes are and why they are misleading?
Get rid of foreign students working and there will be a large amount of students who will just choose a different country, then it won't be waiters for Chinese restaurants out of work it'll be university staff. So which do you want?
I guess Australia is just big enough to make both sides true.
Yeah, I had friends living in their cars in uni, on couches, sharing a single room with three other people.
The only place I see or hear the word cunt is when 'Australians' on the internet claim they say it all day. I just assume the people posting are like the two fine gents in OP.
Also seems pretty bad that they disturb you DURING the episode, instead of between them.
Third child?
Pretty surprised they didn't notice. Once you see the pattern it is obviously Morse.
Not really a super processed cheese-flavored food-product though.
Just as I thought, the universe began as a celestial velociraptor.
It's not even that processed. All they do is heat it up, water it down with milk and press it into a mould. 
The patreon/ youtube alternative he seems to be suggesting is even more of a shit show. It doesn't matter how credible you are, what matters is how popular you are, and it seem the angrier your audience is the more willing they are to give you money.
Why argue against nihilism? if there is no reason to live there is no reason to die. There is no reason to be happy or sad. None of these things matter. Perhaps the reason we feel down is because we are disappointed. Disappointed because we were told all of this matters but now we find that it is false and because of that we need to restructure our existence accordingly. That's a lot for a brain to do but it can do it. That's what we do. That's what life is. A constant process of adapting. Not succeeding, not being happy, just being. That's all. That's enough.
Most common response is: "Apartments are terrible! would you rather live in a shitty little concrete box or a nice big house with a big beautiful garden!"
Would be cool to see the English letters we dropped such as thorn, wynn, ash, eth, ethal... etc.
The shit I get every time I mention that high-rise and city living is more efficient socially and economically across the board...
I'm burning my citizenship as we speak.
I agree to the extent that taxing shouldn't be done to deter use but rather to cover the costs that it creates for our health system.

Also many European countries are worse than Australia or equal.
Most wholesome post I've seen for months.
The actual number is $300 a month.
If the work of one Danish guy who never stepped foot in Australia can be emblematic of Australian Identity but the culture of hundreds of thousands of Australians and the millions before them who lived in this country for thousands of years can't be... well, I think some circuitry might be broken here. Maybe that's a little unjust? I agree that the opera house is an important symbol for Australia, we have accepted that as part of our culture. And that's all it takes. Acceptance.


You know it's funny you mention Crocodile Dundee as being representative of Australia when aboriginals are not, you know that aboriginals are in that movie? Crocodile Dundee has a place for aboriginals and Australia has a place for Crododile Dundee but not for aboriginals. Have you even been to the opera house? as in seen a performance, not for like a selfie.

Let's have a little at your claim shall we. See which has more interest. There aren't many ways I can think to compare but this'll do. Oh, by the looks of it [more people are concerned with Aboriginal Australians than the Sydney Opera House](https://imgur.com/MFE9A6w). Would ya look at that!
It's not about respect really, it's a statement to say who the land belongs to. Similar to statements made about the Queen.
Ah the Opera House, a fantastic piece of Danish Architecture.
Like always there is some element of truth, which is that we trot out aboriginality as a show of our culture for these events but don't give a damn about them in everyday life. There is a reason why we turn to aboriginal culture though and that is because it is our greatest claim to uniquity. It serves as an important part of Australia's national identity. Perhaps we should not sideline them the rest of the time.
Women have stripy skin and men have plain skin. We just can't see the stripes because our eyes don't pick up infrared.


These are called Blaschko's lines and form because skin cells develop according to the X chromosome of which men have one and women have two. The skin cells of women switch chromosome forming stripes but men's skin cells can't so remain uniform.



Would anyone mind linking me to a recipe for these or something similar? I searched for american style biscuits and I found what [look like](http://allrecipes.co.uk/recipe/34749/american-style-buttermilk-biscuits.aspx) no sugar scones. I'm not sure if they are quite the same. Other searches for biscuits gives me... well, [biscuits](https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/sites/default/files/styles/recipe/public/user-collections/my-colelction-image/2015/12/recipe-image-legacy-id--901527_10.jpg?itok=8Kk50yqH).
While that is interesting to consider, I don't think 'projecting success' qualifies as a use in this sense.
>[Adam] Smith recognized that commodities may have an exchange-value but may satisfy no use-value, such as diamonds.

So by the sounds of it use-value only includes tangible purposes.
Exactly. These items have a use value vastly different to their exchange value which they are sold at. However a direct comparison between phones and clothes would be complicated.
The value of an item as defined by its use. A $1500 phone and a $500 don't differ that much in use value.
What's he doing? he's always trying to hand me beads and I just ignore him.
If you release products at 4 times their use value you can undercut the market by releasing cheap phones at 3 times their use value.
so about 7 million physical connections? that seems pretty bad. are the 6 million mobile connections overlapping? everyone I know has a physical and mobile connection.
Good old just for laughs gags. Before we had obviously fake youtube pranks we had obviously fake TV pranks!
In Australia a lazy Susan is a rotating tabletop. I guess I can see a connection.
While I agree with most of what you've said there is one thing I want to pull up.
>Politics in reality isn't actually on a left-right scale anyway, it's a easy way to talk about politics, but it doesn't actually exist. Political ideologies are schools of thought

While on paper this might seem to be the case it's actually not quite. At least I don't think so. You're right that centrism doesn't really exist but to understand why people generally fall into two camps you need to consider psychology.

In political psychology there is a particular part of the brain that can be used to predict an individuals political views, the Amygdala. This is the part of the brain used to regulate fear and disgust. The more active this region is the more likely someone is to be right wing and less activity for left wing. There's a whole lot you can research on the topic; tonnes of studies that find things such as they will look at horrific images for longer, prefer harsher punishments, enjoy watching people in pain more often, more likely to enjoy horror/ thriller movies etc. and often the accuracy of prediction is over 90% in these findings. [Here's one at 95%](https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn26481-left-or-right-wing-brains-disgust-response-tells-all/) but I've seen studies with success rates as high as 98%.

So why does this mean centrism doesn't exist? because it doesn't just define the probably of holding some political ideas, it predicts more or less all of them. They are all bunched together depending on whether your psychology is predetermined to find them favourable. What we do when we hear new information is firstly we have an emotional reaction, then following that we post-justify our emotional reaction.

I haven't read many studies that centrism specifically doesn't exist in terms of psychology, but that seems to be the case. What this shows is that the left right dichotomy is not as much of a reductionism as it first appears. Anecdotal but typically I see self identified labels of 'centrism' used for people who are conservative and want to broaden their appeal, or people who are not confident in their views and understanding of politics and therefore don't want to make a judgement.
Only if religious schools stop receiving public money.
Been thinking I need a new wallet.
Isn't that an illegal ramp?
It's cute Americans think they have a democracy.
I think this is pretty much it. Actual racists use the debate as an excuse to perpetrate their racism and that's what we need to be careful of. The conversation of foreign interference is not racist.
Nah, it's because he's a ginger. So soul.
They, along with Australian radio in general, rank up there alongside keelhauling, pitchcapping and Chinese Water torture.
Most of the people I know on facebook just use it to show how social they are and comment on how social other people are.
Half the population believes in all powerful invisible magic men who demand you worship them so I didn't start with high expectations.
Just be yourself

also change everything about yourself until people like you

also die
Imagine what the lungs look like.
Only the crazies would criticise you for calling for a another stolen generation. 
Remember, if anyone ever criticises you. Just call it political correctness.

I for one agree with MacSween, we should absolutely have another stolen generation. We should do that again! /s

>MacSween said removing the kids was a “no-brainer” and that there was a “conspiracy of silence and fabricated PC outlook that it’s better to leave them in this dangerous environment.”

>She added: “Don’t worry about the people who decry and handwring and say, this will be another Stolen Generation ... Just like the first Stolen Generation, where a lot of children were taken because it was for their wellbeing, we need to do it again, perhaps.”
Even during surgery? 
Glad you were here to judge the Australianess
What does one a penny two a penny mean?

One hot cross bun for a penny or two hot cross buns for a penny? seems a bit redundant. 
What if instead of forcing everyone to follow an unnatural schedule that only suits a minority of people, and not even well. What if we design our schedules to allow for what best suits us?
Pretty cool but why not just hold the tray onto the dish?
The noise from those things are the worst.
Which is why do many rich people believe we live in a meritocracy. It's whatever feeds your ego.
I want a man who can consume 24 nuggets but not more.
You've missed a few countries in the OECD data but it doesn't change much. Australia's population growth is currently high on their numbers, and a bit more than half of that growth is immigration. I don't think we are risking everything in unknown grounds. Almost all OECD countries have gone through bigger growth spurts in the recent past and without destroying themselves. 

Why do you think we can't grow Melbourne or Sydney over 5 million? When you say we can't deal with this intake what exactly do you mean by that? Are you suggesting we should increase our population after we have the infrastructure to support it? 

While I'd agree that last point is logical it would also reduce demand for said infrastructure and I think we shouldn't allow any excuse to postpone it further. We will hit those milestones either way in a timeframe that doesn't make too much difference in terms of those considerations. In that period I would expect growth to naturally plateau as globally birthrates slow and living standards and wealth rise.

Our cities are some of the least dense in the world, I think this is exactly where people should be. The most sustainable and efficient way for a population to exist is in a city. As our cities get bigger I'm sure there will be a large amount of spread to nearby cities but we aren't at that point yet.

Homelessness is another issue, as our populations grow we will have more homelessness and absolutely we should stop homelessness but of course more people means more homeless people. We need initiatives in places, initiates that have been cut and in response we've seen a boom in the past 5 years.

A quick look and I found these:
>While 64% of Australian-born people lived in a major urban area of Australia in 2011, 85% of those born overseas lived in a major urban area. [From ABS]
(http://www.abs.gov.au/ausstats/abs@.nsf/lookup/4102.0main+features102014)

>The latest figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics show net overseas migration for the year ending 30 June 2017 was 245,000, with New South Wales and Victoria recording their highest ever levels.

>NSW added 98,600 migrants, while Victoria added 86,900 — an increase on the previous year of 31 per cent and 23 per cent respectively. “This growth has seen both states surpass their previous recorded high in 2008-09,” ABS demography director Beidar Cho said. [According to news.com citing ABS with a broken link](http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/australian-economy/it-will-destroy-australia-as-we-know-it-dick-smiths-warning-as-population-surges-towards-25-million/news-story/feb3ccbc6257ac21314e703ce0828b5b)

EDIT: So using the OECD data I made my own graph so we can look at the data points you are talking about specifically. Unfortunately OECD data only goes until 2014 but in the case of Australia the numbers have stayed reasonably the same, if you extrapolate the numbers used here you fairly accurately reach today's population. [The graph is here](https://imgur.com/abtwKlg). I know it's difficult to read. This graph shows the growth each city in 2014 as a proportion to total population of the city. I was lazy to change it to percentage but it's already uploaded now. So [here is the same graph](https://imgur.com/Pu4pbZK) but this time ordered to make it easier to read. Mexico has the top spots at 4.5% but then it's a bunch of US cities. Average is 1.2% for OECD city growth. Melbourne is 2.1% Sydney is 1.7%. So we are in that top quarter.
Of course we have to do it well. That goes for anything we do. Lowering growth is not a substitute for doing things well.

A lot of people are saying the problem is immigration, a lot of people are saying the it needs to be stopped as though that will help. I'm saying that's not going to achieve much realistically and I think immigrants are just being used to blame broader problems in our society. I would like to see the problems themselves addressed. Eventually it always comes back to 'well the extra people don't help', which is true to our current state but also they can by helping us pay for the changes, changes that we would need regardless of whether or not they were here. Our cities inefficiencies are costing us billions of dollars, are detrimental to our health, and the environment.

Even in OECD Our cities are not even slightly remarkable. [Look for yourself.](https://stats.oecd.org/Index.aspx?DataSetCode=CITIES#) Compare [our cities](https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2015/11/the-worlds-fastest-growing-cities/) to other western and wealthy countries, [here's more data](https://esa.un.org/unpd/wup/publications/files/wup2014-highlights.pdf). The claim that [Australia has the highest growth](http://apo.org.au/node/53825) seems odd, [here's even more data that suggests otherwise] (https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.POP.GROW?view=map). Unfortunately Michael Krockenberger has not provided anything to back up his claim so I have no idea where he got his numbers and as you can see I haven't scrounged obscure places to find data that supports my point, UN, OECD, Worldbank as all reputable sources.

The environmental concerns with carrying capacity are a sort of different issue which I think are reasonable and admirable, we should aim for as little environmental impact as possible. It's not going to happen with our political parties in power though. So it depends on what your goal is, Tim Flannery states our carrying capacity at 12 million for environmental impact. That's a goal based on impacting the environment as little as possible, but in terms of social and economical limits it's different. Our land is 10% inhabitable, very low. USA is 30%. We have 7% of their population on 80% of their land mass. That's a simplification but to help visualise our population in comparison to another country which has developed in a similar way. So that's about 5 times our current population and there are a lot of people that argue similar numbers. Japan has less arable land than Australia and holds 127 million people, other countries achieve the same. We don't really know what the limit is but it seems we are not even remotely near it. This all of course doesn't account for changes in lifestyle or technology which I would suspect will also have a large impact on reducing our footprint.
I'd do it. In fact I've done it before. It's called life.
Same could be said for just having a shower.
That's what I mean, just use the buzzer in the shower. Not while the shower is running.
It's pretty good for posting links to better platforms.
Problem is you can do that faster in archicad and then also turn that into a full set of drawings.
Shave in the shower
But it's not hard to just pick up and true away. Also a real LPT for beards is to shave/ trim in the shower. No loose hairs on the floor and easy to wash away.
By "knows how to cook" you mean culinary genius.
You mean number one.
I was into skateboarding precisely because it was non-competitive. Fuck I hated social sports.
What is this 399 memey?
There's no way r/pcmasterrace would attract people like that what are you on about you pleb!
Some people enjoy it.
Liter is an odd word. Only Americans spell it as liter but they also use pounds instead and anywhere that would actually use the measurement would spell it as litre. So reading that feels odd.
We are America now
It doesn't need to be perfect nor is it impossible to service cities this size. We really aren't treading any new ground here. We don't even register on the map of fast growing cities and we won't be the biggest.
And urine
We currently have 5 million people cities. As they are we need to replace our infrastructure. In about 30 years we may have 10 million people cities, the population will then plateau. If we curb population that number will perhaps be made 8 million and give us a decade or two before we reach 10. We will still need large infrastructure overhauls that won't be much different from if we didn't curb that intake. whatever we build now will need to accommodate that growth regardless and most changes need to occur regardless of whether we reach 8 or 10. That extra 20 years doesn't mean much in terms of how long infrastructure takes to build and is intended to last at least 50 years. There's not much we can do with that time. What our cities are really suffering from is an outdated plan that we are transitioning into a modern one. We built these cities with ideas about zoning, industry, motorisation, density and living that we thought back then were good. Now we are dealing with the consequences.

This furore over immigration isn't even a band-aid fix.
Not just youtube. Everywhere I go it's either ladbrokes or some other gambling bullshit in my face all day every day. I don't gamble, no interest in sports.
For anyone who thinks a chair like this looks appealing I would suggest you avoid it. They aren't much better than a budget office chair. You can find plenty of information about it online and the people I've known who have owned them recommend not purchasing it. And they are expensive.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGKSUym9NQ4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeAmL9UFAi4
https://www.gamingscan.com/problems-racing-gaming-chairs/

But to OP, you've made the purchase now and I sincerely hope it brings additional comfort to your life during the time you use it. No doubt a big improvement over the old one.
It can have some effect on wages though what effect is unclear and at an extraordinary cost. The Trump tax cuts for example saw huge amounts of money go into [buybacks while a few percent flow to wages](http://money.cnn.com/2018/02/16/investing/stock-buybacks-tax-law-bonuses/index.html). If the goal is to benefit wages then why choose such an inefficient path to deliver that? The same thing happened in 2005 when George bush tried it, [at that time 92% went into buybacks alone](http://www.nber.org/papers/w15023.pdf). And the economy proceeded to crash, not to claim causation. The mass buybacks have correlated with proportionately [lower investment.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/26/business/tax-cuts-share-buybacks-corporate.html) This [goes for Reagan] (https://www.jstor.org/stable/pdf/1818729.pdf?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents) too, [studies find no evidence that the 1981 tax cuts increased employment.](http://www.jstor.org/stable/20061781?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents) Ironically investment occurred most in areas such as housing and finance which did not benefit from the cuts. of More recently in 2012 Kansas attempted similar tax policy in what has resulted in [abysmal failure, while neighbouring states did not.](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/10/tax-trump-kansas/542532/) From that Article:
>Senator Jim Denning, a conservative who originally supported the tax cuts. In a phone interview, Denning told me he had done his own economic modeling in 2012 and “proved to myself that the tax cut would work.” But the new policy did not prevent a rural recession in Kansas or a dip in its oil-and-gas business. “It generated hardly any measurable economic activity,” Denning said.

Perhaps someone would argue that the US economy is doing well, unemployment is low, so surely Trump's tax cuts are a success? That would be to claim that the tax is responsible for pre-existing trends and conditions amidst a strengthening global economy.

Recent studies using German data suggest [claimed positive effects of corporate tax cuts on wages are exaggerated](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/geer.12157). In Germany where the evidence in support of cuts have been strongest due to their economy and industrial relations system, something we don't have. [the tax rates adopted by different countries are generally uncorrelated with their growth performance](http://www.nber.org/papers/w18473). Or that tax cuts only had an effect [during a recession](http://www.nber.org/papers/w20753).

We can see [here](https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/111th-congress-2009-2010/workingpaper/05-2010-working_paper-corp_tax_incidence-review_of_gen_eq_estimates_0.pdf) that tax too high can drive wages down but so can tax too low. It has [little bearing to no discernible bearing on foreign investment.](https://www.oecd.org/daf/inv/investment-policy/40152903.pdf) Less important than other factors such as property and manufacturing costs.

This pro-cut argument would hold more merit if Australia had an unreasonably high tax rate. A tax cut [only has a significant impact on economic growth when the tax rate is initially high](http://www.nber.org/papers/w18473.pdf). Australia is in the lowest quarter of tax rates in the OECD, [being 8th lowest shown here](https://www.oecd.org/tax/revenue-statistics-australia.pdf) and an [effective corporate tax rate of 10%.](https://www.npr.org/2017/08/07/541797699/fact-check-does-the-u-s-have-the-highest-corporate-tax-rate-in-the-world), again much lower than average with the US holding a rate about 8% higher. [The IMF recommend a tax rate of between 26-32%](https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WP/Issues/2016/12/31/Zero-Corporate-Income-Tax-in-Moldova-Tax-Competition-and-Its-Implications-for-Eastern-Europe-22259) with some emphasis of keeping it above 30%.

This all comes after we slashed spending on social services to reduce our deficit, if we had passed this tax cut we would have reversed that action. [Tax cuts should be made in consideration to debt](http://www.jstor.org/stable/41790405?seq=1#page_scan_tab_contents), that's why I called it ridiculous. Low tax is not inherently bad but we need to be able to afford it. We see tax cuts throughout history and sometimes they seem to work, sometimes they don't, sometimes we can't tell. Pin pointing causation to a single integer in something as complex as the greater economy is irrational, we have to find balance. If tax cuts were the magic bullet it is claimed to be we would certainly know it and would not be having this conversation at all.

My point is that it is not as simple as tax bad, cuts good. Context matters and in Australia's current context I find little argument to support these tax cuts.

Personally I would suggest that if we want to use tax effectively we should encourage businesses to increase employment, wages and investments in return for a lower rate proportional to their behaviour. Instead of just throw money at them and hope they use it productively.
Still pretty ridiculous that it was on the table. Trump seems to have made an impact here.
I hear it a fair bit, it really got around about a year ago but has died down somewhat. You'd be surprised at where it pops up.
Thanks for the extract
My guess is that for matters such as treatment of indigenous Australians where there are these big issues, race plays a particularly large role. But I am not the person who wrote this.

edit: They did not make race an exclusive issue. It is just one item among a list.
Privilege is no more politics than any other theory. It relates to social inequality which is exactly what they are trying to address here.
Yes, of course. Discrimination can be directed at anyone. However it is important to consider the effect of the power structures in society and how they weight these words differently. As a white man you would generally be in a better position than an aboriginal person according to social trends (which there are also of course exceptions to, as there are with any trend). Being white doesn't guarantee that you will have a better life than an aboriginal. Not even in Nazi Germany were trends of racism so absolute. You can find people who will argue that you can't be racist towards white people because white people hold rule over power structures ingrained into race. I don't agree with that statement. It reduces all of society to a single power structure and ignores the fact that power structures can exist within larger structures. Perhaps in terms of general governance you could argue that idea but for the broader community it is just too reductionist to be useful. We of course need to consider that if we deem racism against white people as acceptable because it is found to be harmless in the current state (if that were the case) that doesn't account for any point in time when another group becomes the new dominant power holders. As may very well be the case in the future.
Perhaps it was impacting the effectiveness of medical practice. I do recall reading a study a while ago on the pervasiveness of treatment avoidance. Not sure if I could find that specific study but similar articles are not hard to find. eg. 
>only 67 Aboriginal adult health checks were performed in an area in Queensland with more than 12,000 Aboriginal residents [14]. Less than 0.6% had their health checks done. [\[source\]](https://www.creativespirits.info/aboriginalculture/health/hospitals-doctors-health-aboriginal-people)
I posted as a follow up to:

>https://www.reddit.com/r/AustralianPolitics/comments/86d2yo/nurses_and_midwives_code_of_conduct_to/
https://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/866rum/nurses_forced_to_announce_white_privilege_before/?utm_term=91c36a3b-205f-487c-8ada-b78190a281e3&utm_medium=search&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=frontpage&utm_content=7
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/87128e/nurses_and_midwives_forced_to_announce_white/
https://www.reddit.com/r/sjwhate/comments/86ymk8/australian_nurses_must_now_confess_their_white/?utm_term=91c36a3b-205f-487c-8ada-b78190a281e3&utm_medium=search&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=frontpage&utm_content=4
https://www.reddit.com/r/CringeAnarchy/comments/864tcm/australian_nurses_now_are_forced_to_announce/
https://www.reddit.com/r/SargonofAkkad/comments/8687np/twis_australian_nurses_are_pushing_back_against_a/

Top two which I saw a few days ago. Would not have even noticed otherwise.
I had a virus that malwarebites couldn't fix but was able to get to it with hitman pro and adwremover. I got the impression that malwarebites had slipped lately.
Gotta lay off the shady porn
Skyrim doesn't even have complex character creation.
Not anymore
They say they hate debt but act like they love it.
Well there's nothing stopping them.
The Tolkien Society sort of creeps me out for some reason. Good stuff they are encouraging people to read, hopefully they push more than just Tolkien.
The poor commute times in Melbourne and Sydney are to a large degree caused by outdated planning and zoning strategies. We sprawled our suburbs out instead of letting people live near their workplace because land was cheap. If we took the current population and increased density commute times would also decrease. That won't happen because people won't want to move but that's the attitude we need to take to future growth of our cities. This is just one benefit, others include economic efficiency, social opportunity, human interaction. It shouldn't be done lazily but then nor should anything.

As for Australia's low usable land. Let's look at the US for comparison. The population of USA is 325,700,000, Australia: 24,130,000. Australia is about 80% the size of the US in landmass but has 33.33% the usable land giving us 26% left over. 26% of the US population is 87,000,000 or three and a half times larger than our current population. USA is not an over populated country with a tonne of parkland and wilderness and a lot of the problems that we suffer here we suffer from worse than US cities. These issues are extremely multi-variable and US cities have a lot problems too, many because they designed theirs with the same philosophy we did. We can't expect slowing population growth to solve them.

Lastly we shouldn't slow growth because our planning is bad, that would negatively impact our economy and excuse our ministers to do nothing, I don't think this is the best answer. It might have some benefits such as giving us more time but we'll still need infrastructure and that infrastructure will need to be upgraded as we reach those 10 million population plateaus that we are going to reach either way, we'll just save 20 years which I don't see as being that beneficial since these systems are built for longer anyway.

Many of the problems that we are facing are because we pursued goals that we used to think were good and what we are dealing with now are cities that need to transition into a modern shape. I hope this all makes sense and hasn't sounded like an attack, we don't have all the answers yet but to say we can't handle this I think is an gross exaggeration. Population growth and immigration are not responsible for the problems inherent to our society.
But if you live in an area with high leaf litter then that can be a problem for sliding doors but not this.
Why do we want to force immigrants to not go to Melbourne or Sydney? What has this got to do with my point at all? 
We all know that people just choose not to speak English or have an education so when they are discriminated against it is just fair consequence for those who decided not to work as hard.
It makes me sad that sea of thieves has a score of 71 on metacritic yet dirty bomb which is maybe my favourite multiplayer fps has a score of 63.

Though, opencritic puts SOT at 64 and dirty bomb at 67... that's odd.
Pretty much this.
Not spitfires. They are [Ochrogaster lunifer](http://lepidoptera.butterflyhouse.com.au/noto/lunifer.html) common name: Processionary Caterpillar. Or at least as far as I can tell. Spitfires don't have that hairy covering and are a more solid black and slightly slimmer profile.

I do remember calling these spitfires when I was a kid though.
Works great for the US.
Our cities are some of the [least dense in the world](https://architectureau.com/articles/australian-cities-among-the-largest-and-least-densely-settled-in-the-world/). There is a reason why people flock to cities. It is because they hold opportunity, and they hold opportunity because of their population. And they have plenty of room to grow. We are the [seventh](https://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-10-least-densely-populated-places-in-the-world-2015.html) least densely populated country in the world. What we are suffering from is poor planning. The suburban sprawl is a curse, over reliance on roads, extended commute times due to outdated zoning. Australia can do better. Our immigration intake is high relative to our population but that is because our population is so low.
Not to mention that our 'overpopulated cities' have very low population density. They can easily grow to many times their size without expanding at all.
Does that mean that this data might be skewed due to inflation?
What's going on with middle east and north Africa? those numbers are not what I was expecting at all?
1969, Tinkerbell's Fairydust released the song *'Twenty ten'*, this song asked
>"2010
Is 3 and 40 years away
Will we still be walking together?
Will we still have something to say?
Oh will our life be gay?"

2010 Hilltop Hoods released this song *'Fifty in Five'*, you hear a distorted version of *Twenty Ten* in the background. This song responds to the first, it goes:

>Terror cleared the skyline and anger clouded judgement,
So they spent a thousand nighttimes in the desert fighting something,
That they couldn’t find, that made it something that they couldn’t fight,
Left us lamenting all the wrongs that they couldn’t right,
This is for the second time, we’ve been here before,
From Vietnam to Saddam, we always needing a war,
Neo-conservatives rose up like Viet Cong,
Their fingers on the trigger we won’t be here for long,
They killed MLK and they named a day after him,
They killed JFK and named an airport after him,
Some guy shot a monster called Reagan so he could bone,
A girl named Jodie Foster, if only he’d known,
We tested nukes in the atmosphere, the sea and the dirt,
And they tested all these missiles just to see if they worked,
Now France got ‘em, Russia got ‘em, India and Pakistan,
Korea want ‘em, States want ‘em pointed at the Taliban,
Iran and Afghanistan, sands of the Arab lands,
Orders from portable commands in armored caravans,
Internet, 3g cellular phones,
Serial killers built mini-cells in their homes,
And we had Manson, Bundy, Gacy, Son of Sam,
Macarena, superman, chicken dance, running man,
Generation X and Generation Y,
And the generation next will degenerate and die,
Cos we got holes in the Ozone that we put there ourselves,
Now the poles are a no-go, earths cooking itself,
And we can’t look at ourselves so we got saline, botox,
Eighteen, fake tits, nineteen detox,
Don’t stop, get it, get it, can’t afford it get it credit,
Buy it, spend it, try it, getting fat? Then you better shed it,
Ab-Swing, Blue Blocker, Tupac or Biggie,
East coast, west coast, Fat Joe or Fifty,
Thatcher the shifty iron lady, Tony Blair,
A princess died, some say cos she got Dodi there,
Whitlam, Keating, Hawke and a promise,
Of no children in poverty, wish that could have been honest,
We had Abbot and Costello, right wing overlords,
Promises and children, they threw ‘em both overboard,

>Overwrought refugees thrown to a group home,
Or jailed for the crime of looking for a new home,
Elvis died, Hendrix died, Lennon died, genocide,
In Africa, Serbia, Cambodia, pesticides,
Bio-toxins, chemical warfare,
All’s fair in love and war, more work for the pallbearer,
More terror, more unjust search and seizures,
A tidal wave came and claimed the coast of Indonesia,
Quakes in Iran, Japan and California,
Greenhouse gas turned the world into a sauna,
The trauma of mortars, martyrs, slaughters,
Of partners, mourners, fathers and daughters,
They chased us, caught us, numbered us to sort us,
Raped us, scorned us, to break us they bought us,
Third world kidneys for captains of industry,
Uprising in the street, corruption in the ministry,
A blowjob brought about the fall of a dynasty,
And MP3’s saw the fall of an industry,
Doubled population, halved accommodation,
Carved up resources and we starved the poorer nations,
Beirut, Chechnya, all hell,
Broke loose, Berlin, nineteen eighty nine man, the wall fell,
Cold war ended but that didn’t stop more shells,
Waco lit up the sky like burning oil wells,
A world laid waste with addiction,
Tell Orwell truth’s always stranger than fiction,
Big Brother’s on closed circuit TV and on cable,
Reality’s now scripted, celebrity’s for sale,
Jeopardy and jail, seized, deposed,
Remedies and penalties for failed CEO’s.

>We had the Enron collapse, and white-collar crime,
Investors they were taxed, a dollar for a dime,
The blue chip companies and blue-sky mines,
We no longer choose sides we choose sidelines,
Rich bleeding the kind, blind leading the blind,
And history repeats, no competing with time,
Gasses eating the minds of the vets that they bring home,
The plague of Agent Orange, Gulf War Syndrome,
Soldiers sent home, posttraumatic stress leave,
STD’s cos the sleeve ain't sexy,
AIDS shook the eighties, grim reaper with a bowling ball,
Metallica, kill ‘em, let god scold ‘em all,
The Guildford Four, Chicago Seven,
Mumia, Mandela, Oceans Eleven,
Half past twelve on Friday the Thirteenth,
Dawn of the Dead a Nightmare On Elm Street,
Weapons free environment, war zone, phone home,
Melanoma grow as we soak in the ozone,
Home-grown, Hydro, Cocaine, Nitro,
Werewolf in London, American Psycho,
Cyclones, bushfires, Bush firing Scuds,
Baby boomers, Woodstock, what happened to the love?
What happened to the cubs? They fed ‘em to the wolves,
Set a trial for pedophiles, they let ‘em in the schools,
Set ‘em on the students, turned ‘em on the kids,
And everyone responsible should burn for what they did,
And if they try to deny then an eye for an eye,
The government and church on which we try to rely,
Both rob us till it hurts chasing lie after lie,
Like astronauts chasing a pie in the sky,
They landed on the moon but can’t seem to return there,
Makes some question if they ever really were there,
And if they were there now and they looked back,
Could we look them in the eye, could we look back?

>Cos when we look back at what we have done,
Can you believe what we have become?
As we walk into the sun,
Can you believe what we have become?
As we walk into the sun
There is a reason why car accident is the highest cause of non-medical death.
[Kansans be like](https://i.imgur.com/nAb2Ztv.jpg)
I think it means it's number one top ranking search in Kansas.
I honestly don't know how people can have difficulty cooking. You just put in the ingredients and cook it until it looks done. Just give it a go, it takes a lot for anything to go wrong and worst case scenario is you've wasted 20 minutes and a few dollars.

Think of a food you like and google a recipe.
So working as intended then.
And I can't wait! I am pretty damn excited!
I think this is so incredibly wrong, there have been a rise of boardgame style videogames and it has only helped there to be a boardgame boom along with it. Perhaps it is what they think but I've never seen any evidence that it actually could happen.

Having a videogame version of their game would introduce a lot of new people to the game, teach them how to play, etc. I don't see why people would stop buying figurines because they have a videogame instead.
I would absolutely love that too.
But you could buy a ball for ten dollars and play with it for 100 hours at ten cents per hour so why not do that instead?
What I wouldn't give to just play a direct translation of the Warhammer and 40k tabletop games in videogame format.
They sell it? That's ridiculous! I give it away for free!
What has Zuckerberg ever done that could ever be described as the act of a hero?
>I can't handle people criticising a game I like so I made this comic.
I was expecting rap shit but this isn't bad.
22
>three times as big as france

Holy shit
>Great Pacific Garbage Patch weighs more than 43,000 cars and is much larger than we thought

I hate this shit. How much does a car even weigh?
What are you even playing on it?
2002 was 20 years ago
Interesting read but I'm not sure if it's holding up today, seems we are still in the midst of a slow churning crisis that will take a little bit longer to play out. World War 2 was the great equaliser that reset the structures at play in society, we certainly haven't had anything like that.
What about non-US McDonalds?
I wonder if they calculated obese customers dying early in life and thus emitting less pollution into their scientific target to reduce emissions.
I play a lot of different games. Some of my favourites are Xcom, Monster Hunter, Dark Souls, Spelunky, Path of Exile, Dirty Bomb, Anno, platinum games, ... making a list is pretty useless since it just ends up too long. I really like third person action games like the ones mentioned above but really any genre is good. A polished combat system is something I love to sink into. I rather a game with a deep gameplay loop than a story.

I'm a little confused to the question here. I like all games, except bad ones. The bad games I have played were not bad because of anything to do with feminism. Bayonetta was great, I can't think of anything obvious right now but is that the type of thing you were thinking? I have no problem with it.
It's the first time he's publicly shown empathy for a group of refugees and that group isn't even displaced. Of all the crises that have happened over the past few years what made this one stand out?

Yes we should help people who are at risk, it'd be great to help South Africans if that is what is needed. 
I've had plenty of liberal supporters tell me that this attitude is the real racism.
I searched for a satire tag for a damn long time. I really thought:

>"Some of the crazy lefties at the ABC and on The Guardian, Huffington Post, express concern and **draw mean cartoons about me**"

>"If people think that I'm going to cower or take a backwards step because of their nonsense fabricated **FAKE NEWS** criticism, they've got another thing coming."

>"They don't realise how completely dead they are to me"

sounds like it was written by The Betoota. But no, not satire.
You're paying money to pirate...
Nothing like watching couples destroy their lives over needless drama to relax after a long day.

I'm just assuming, I have no idea what the show is about.
Can't believe anyone still listens to the radio.
It didn't work in America so let's give it a go here.
Music is one of the most important ways, if not the most important way, that a culture develops. Inhibit our music and you are stunting Australia's culture.
I have a few gen X'ers you should meet.
Why do they suck? surely judging someone by the things that interest them is stupid and inane. Perhaps the greatest argument that kids suck is that they grow up to be adults who suck and complain about kids doing the same thing we did.


That number includes South Africans too.
Syria, Iraq, Sudan, CAR, Venezuela, Yemen, Myanmar, Afghanistan, Congo, Gambia have all had refugee crises in the past year.

When I was looking that up I didn't see South Africa on the list. Odd. Maybe Dutton knows something we don't.
I have a crazy idea. What if we bring in people who are most at risk?
Syria has several 'white' ethnicities. We've also already brought in white refugees from Africa.
They won't take our jobs?
Ah yes, when we help people fleeing for their lives we should first consider how useful we think they are.
Invading? lol
It took us 5 years of nothing before we okay 12,000 Syrians under international pressure, after 12,000,000 had been affected and 6,000,000 had fled, and we did it begrudgingly while passing comment that the Syrians would take our jobs and bludge on the dole.

We are suggesting we take in South African refugees before any have fled where crisis facts are unclear while passing comment that they are hard working and want a good future.

Seems like Dutton's attitude towards the two are a little different.

How about instead we increase our intake numbers and prioritise people in the most danger?
Private schools should simply not be publicly funded.
Fuck that give me prison.
95% is pretty bad. That's one in 20 trains. That sounds like there's a delay every minute.
I'd prioritise the guy in need of emergency services whose life is potentially at risk over someone being 20 mins late for work.
Maybe in the top 50
Everything sold to a drunk person should be sold with the assumption that it will be left on the ground.
Well, the full game which is like half of a game that is only the size of 1/10 of a game but yeah absolutely.
Are you complaining?
They may not be girls. It used to be normal for boys to wear dresses when they are young.

But then they are wearing headscarves which I don't think boys did.
I got this weird feeling he wasn't talking about those who enslave and murder people.
I don't think it'll be a hit to AusCon because they never had a hope to begin with.
There is nothing progressive about violence.
It's a meme that I had never heard of until I saw it on 4chan in about 2011 which has grown since. Never heard anyone use the word publicly except for trash kids in high school and even then someone would often hit that kid for using the word.

The internet on the other hand is a place where bogan fantasies come true. You can say cunt as much as you want and find a community who will say it back and pretend it's a great Australian tradition. Perhaps they do use the word in daily life, in the privacy of their homes with friends. I imagine if they used it outside people would look at them like they are a piece of trash. Chances are they are used to that.

Perhaps a little rule, the people online most willing to show how Australian they are often aren't the right ones to learn what the culture of Australia is really like.
The Syrian deal was pretty racist though. I mean, special treatment for Syrians? That's a bit racist!
Which is a logical fallacy. Not only is this argument a false equivalency as I've been arguing but even if it wasn't. Even if you were completely correct in saying that Dutton's attitude towards Syrians was the same as South Africans it's fallacious to suggest that this is proof that Dutton is not racist. Even if Dutton was the most racist person on earth he could have still made that same decision.

I don't care for this inane point scoring but if you must: I haven't excluded the Syrian response at any point during this conversation, but you have flatly ignored all context that I have raised. [You've repeatedly misrepresented the refugee process to fit your narrative](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/15/theres-no-legal-queue-and-three-other-facts-australians-get-wrong-about-asylum-seekers), and I don't believe I have misquoted anything Dutton has said. That's just to respond at your attempts at point scoring. I assume as you get more desperate you'll just revert to more ridiculous tactics.

I don't even think the Syrian response is necessarily good. I think we should help people according to how at risk they are, not where they come from. But here you have me defending this for some reason.

I don't think there's much more that can be said here. I didn't come here to claim Dutton is racist, you came here to project it. I think the accusation that Dutton is racist is not unreasonable and for anyone who happens upon this thread I think by now will have made up their mind. You seem tired so unless you really have something that needs to be brought up I'd be happy to just leave it here.
Wow. I listened at aleast 5 times and thought he was saying "better was not there piss in her mouth"

so thanks.
If you could please cite your sources as I have already asked. I keep searching for evidence but I can't find any. In fact the more I search the worse it looks for the Syrians. The 12,000 places does not mean an extra 12,000 applicants, as we've already established. Everything becomes semantics when these are the straws you clutch to.

SA farmers being settled would be great because they wouldn't be at risk anymore. What is it about their situation that calls for a Syria-like response?

I didn't come in here to call anyone racist. You brought it up. I don't think it's unreasonable to suggest it given the evidence we've been through here about three times. Things you don't acknowledge, you just ignore it. I guess a reasonable person just ignores things that don't support their argument. And now you're saying I ignored the Syria thing when I've spent this entire conversation addressing it.
There is no end of the queue. There are millions of applications and we agree to take in a specific number of them. That number was increased. You haven't been able to cite any evidence that they were fast tracked. We didn't even take 12,000. [3790 were granted from the additional 12,000 humanitarian places.](https://www.homeaffairs.gov.au/trav/refu/response-syrian-humanitarian-crisis). And all of this came 5 years late. Meanwhile, before anyone has fled South Africa Dutton is lookin

meanwhile Syrians were left [waiting for months and years. In March, six months after the announcement, it was reported less than 30 Syrians had arrived in Australia.](https://www.huffingtonpost.com.au/2016/05/29/syrian-refugee-family-waits-27-months-for-australian-visa_a_21385851/)

This is what Dutton had to say on Syrian refugees

>"These people would be taking Australian jobs, there's no question about that.

>"For many of them that would be unemployed, they would languish in unemployment queues and on Medicare and the rest of it so there would be huge cost and there's no sense in sugar-coating that, that's the scenario." [Dutton 2016](https://www.huffingtonpost.com.au/2016/05/17/peter-dutton-blasted-for-saying-refugees-would-steal-jobs_a_21379060/)

And here is his comment on potential South African refugees

>"I hope we can settle some of these people because I think they will work hard, I think they desire to work hard, they want to educate their kids and they want to provide for a safe and certain future," [Dutton 2018](https://www.sbs.com.au/news/dutton-s-white-south-african-farmers-claim-breathtakingly-hypocritical-hrw)

While I agree that if Dutton didn't single out white farmers then it shouldn't be stated that he did. Many of those articles putting the term white in quotations. I don't think it's a terribly risky guess to say that Dutton's comments were in regard to [white farmers](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/south-africa-white-farms-land-seizure-anc-race-relations-a8234461.html) considering that [South Africa is targeting them for their land](http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/the-time-for-reconciliation-is-over-south-africa-votes-to-confiscate-whiteowned-without-compensation/news-story/a8a81155995b1adc1c399d3576c4c0bc) and there has been a large number of articles about [attacks on white farmers](https://www.huffingtonpost.com.au/2018/03/16/what-you-need-to-know-about-attacks-on-white-south-african-farmers_a_23388077/). So I suppose if Dutton wasn't talking about these people, who was he talking about? If Dutton feels he was misrepresented then we certainly have the avenues for him to set the record straight and seek a correction from these outlets.


This is all some roundabout bullshit. What Dutton said isn't bad because he used the term white. If white people are being persecuted by their race then they should be protected by their race.

Where Dutton has been eager to accept refugees from South Africa that we assume to be white, he has not shown the same anticipation for Syria, Iraq, Sudan, CAR, Venezuela, Yemen, Myanmar, Afghanistan, Congo, Gambia. All which have had a large amount of violence and displacement in the past year. What makes the situation in South Africa stand out to him?
Again I can't find anywhere stating that Syrians were fast tracked. [650,000 applications](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/10/02/after-record-migration-80-of-syrian-asylum-applicants-approved-to-stay-in-europe/) were made by Syrians in 2015. [5.5 million Syrians](http://www.unhcr.org/en-au/figures-at-a-glance.html) are under UNHCR mandate. There is no shortage of applications to pass through the system. Allowing another 12,000 does not mean they are being fast tracked. Home affairs makes no mention of Fast tracking Syrians. Their statement:
>On 9 September 2015, the Australian Government announced that it would make an extra 12,000 humanitarian places available in response to the conflicts in Syria and Iraq.

An 'extra' 12,000 places.

Dutton has not set up avenues to allow South African refugees to be fast tracked to Australia and he won't because there's no way it could fly. He's gone an said something stupid and all it shows is his eagerness to act on some issues and ignore others.

I didn't add white to the statement. [Every](https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2018/mar/14/dutton-considers-fast-track-visas-for-white-south-african-farmers) [single](https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2018/mar/15/south-africa-criticises-australian-plan-to-fast-track-white-farmer-visas) [article ](http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/south-africa-peter-duttons-white-farmer-comments-anger-pretoria/news-story/a6a48505f72dabf517e961efa58242be)[on ](https://www.sbs.com.au/news/dutton-s-white-south-african-farmers-claim-breathtakingly-hypocritical-hrw)[the ](https://www.smh.com.au/politics/federal/peter-dutton-wants-a-refugee-intake-of-white-south-african-farmers-20180315-p4z4gr.html)[matter ](https://www.sbs.com.au/news/dutton-s-white-south-african-farmers-claim-breathtakingly-hypocritical-hrw)[states](http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/south-africa-peter-duttons-white-farmer-comments-anger-pretoria/news-story/a6a48505f72dabf517e961efa58242be)[ this](https://www.sbs.com.au/news/who-are-south-africa-s-persecuted-white-farmers).

I'll let the questions you left blank speak for themselves. I didn't come here to sling shit, I came in to say you misused whataboutism. You've gone across multiple points to try to clear Dutton. If you aren't in his defense squad maybe you should sign up.
I knew about the Syrian deal. I knew they increased their numbers for Syria. I never heard anything about them fast tracking Syrians so I didn't know what you were talking about and you've not shown anything that confirms they have.

Try to spin this in the the most favourable way possible for Dutton. You don't seem to want to answer these questions. Were Syrian refugees and South African farmers treated the same way by Australia? Years of resistance until finally following suit with the other nations (again, I didn't see anything about fast tracking unless they paid which was not to Syrians but to anyone) And now Dutton pre-emtively opening his arms to white farmers who haven't even fled their country.

The Syrian deal was not racist. Syrian is not a race.

This comparison is absurd. Hey I helped a black person so I can now never be racist. This is called tokenism right? it's a fallacy, But I went along with it anyway because the response to Syria was still so much worse than South Africa. 
We have two situations here:

One of the largest humanitarian crises of all time, a country in complete collapse, the largest displacement of people in history. After much resistance four years of nothing Australia is to increase refugee quotas by 12,000 as part of a global initiative driven by a number of western countries. I don't see any mention of fast tracking but it does seem to be specifically for Syrians. Though other sources state fast tracking required they pay $20,000 and support from existing family within Australia.

The other, a few hundred White south African farmers have been murdered and land ceased. A quick search and I couldn't see any news on them fleeing the country. So before any kind of statistics or report on the situation is made Dutton publicly states to fast track them to Australia with accompanying positive comments of their character.

These don't seem even a little bit different to you?

I don't tend to consider what constitutes as 'white', I would consider Syrians ethnicities to be mostly Caucasian and Arabic. So sure, a lot of Syrians could be considered white. I suppose they probably are not white to Peter Dutton.
Can you please link me to something stating our fast tracking of Syrian refugees?
Still not whataboutism. The question of racist motivation towards refugee attitudes is pretty well documented. You trying to make this purely about boat people is absurd.

Our resettlement process is clearly broken. If you think this is in any way safe or fair then you are delusional.
[Going by 2015 data](http://www.unhcr.org/576408cd7): 65,000,000 people are displaced, of those 2,000,000 submitted refugee applications and 107,100 of those were settled while 3,200,000 were still waiting on processing. 0.00016 of refugees were settled and. Dutton's plan to give a group of white people a [fast track](http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/south-africa-peter-duttons-white-farmer-comments-anger-pretoria/news-story/a6a48505f72dabf517e961efa58242be) in this process can't be said as anything other than racist. If white people are fast tracked when other people are left with their applications ignored, how is this not racist?
Now this is whataboutism.
The definition from Google's dictionary

>the technique or practice of responding to an accusation or difficult question by making a counter-accusation or raising a different issue.

for example:
You squandered ten thousand dollars, in your defense you say "What about him! he squandered twenty thousand dollars!"

>[whataboutism] is particularly associated with Soviet and Russian propaganda. When criticisms were leveled at the Soviet Union, the Soviet response would be "What about..." followed by an event in the Western world - [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism)

So when refugees are trying to come into our country and we openly deny them. But then another group of refugees are in turmoil and we willingly accept them, the question why is a valid one and is not Whataboutism.


TL;DR: whataboutism is not being able to use 'what about' in a sentence.


My favourite response to this:

>"I'd prefer it if Trump just called in the military, declared a state of emergency, set up military tribunals for the accused. Additionally, go ahead and put out a call for every loyal American in every city and town to mobilize." [-MAGAist, @themagaist](https://twitter.com/classiclib3ral/status/973980017481920517)\

I guess that guy was really pissed he missed the latest episode of Gumball.
I don't remember seeing any when I was a kid. Now there's a bunch on every street.
Wouldn't be a problem if we just actually built the homes.
I traveled for a while and one of the things I was confronted with after leaving Melbourne was how much homelessness there was in other cities both inside and outside Australia. I was proud of Melbourne, growing up I'd never seen a homeless person. Then I get home last year and there's all these homeless people everywhere. What the fuck happened?
Yeah I remember doing similar things in middle school (and other kids doing similar things) and I can look back and say it's pretty desperate.
Pulling out condoms randomly to show people sounds a bit desperate to me.
anti-Semite Santa. I typed antidepressants but that's what my phone corrected me to so fuck
Are you not allowed to take alcohol inside an uber?
I'm sure what they meant to say was that it cured psychosis.
We are suffering because our politicians suck shit. If we stuck to our plans we wouldn't be lagging and could accommodate ourselves and new citizens. If we do the latter we will benefit far more from the economic growth.
As stated on the show on average immigrants make 5,000 more than Australians so they are contributing more than we are.
The more people there are the more tax payers there will also be and the more bodies to drive our economy forward. 
Doesn't matter what our immigration rate is if we aren't building the infrastructure to support our population. That's what the problem is. 
I was thinking this too!
The random combat theme in any JRPG.
Science spending increases suicides

Nicholas cage films make people drown in swimming pools

People who eat cheese die get killed by their bedsheets

People eat margarine when they divorce in Maine

Civil engineers eat 100% of Americas cheese (and will presumably be killed by their bedsheets)



more: http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations
There are 14 reaction gifs in this gif. 
same reason military does it

[from wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Induction_cut)
>"The haircut also has the psychological purpose of stripping recruits of their individuality"

>"It is one of several techniques used to mentally shock recruits into adapting to their decision to become a member of the armed forces"


>When Kayla Medica and William Hwang walk down the street holding hands, people turn their heads.

Are you kidding me?
Love it
Forgot to mention the type of pan it was fried in and what kind of wood was burnt to heat the pan.
I'm not stating advocacy or condemnation with this statement, but describing how it has been reacted to and used in as political narrative on the right.

We've seen it used with SJWs and extreme feminist 'tumblrinas' , where they find extreme cases and portray it as a governing force in the left. Luring allegiance from people for their opposition to that enemy.
Antifa have been a gift to the right. For decades the right have almost monopolised violence. I've read stats of 75% of violence is committed by the right, 3% by the left, the remainder being Islamic extremism and other such groups. You can imagine it's difficult to claim innocence in a situation like that. So as soon as a left wing group starts to use violence too that's a great thing for them. You can say "look at these terrible people".
You're brain feels like a wet rag. You're chest feels empty and it physically hurts, your ribs feel life they're made from soggy newspaper and even a gentle breeze could cause them to collapse. Every noise is too loud. Trying to do things leads to nothing. The thought of doing something enters your head but there is a wall in there made from the dead thoughts that endlessly squiggle like trying to write on paper that is soaking with black ink. It just adds ink to that mess. That's all there is inside, no emotion or thought, just black ink. Soaking the wet rag inside your head.
This isn't an argument though. I don't think videogames make people violent, I think the opposite, but arguing that because crime has dropped since their inception overall isn't evidence that they wouldn't have an effect. I'm not saying that videogames cause violence, just that this is a stupid and useless statement that doesn't need to be said when there are actual studies on the effects of playing games which find no evidence in violence.

To make my point clear, crime has been going down but economic inequality has been going up. Using this guy's logic that means that inequality doesn't affect crime. The same can be said for the rising rate of single parents, drug use, mental illness, terrorism; therefore none of these things affect crime? I looked at the stats of these factors because I found them in an article on [what causes crime.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/bitesize/intermediate2/modern_studies/crime_and_law_in_society/causes_types_crime/revision/1/)

In short, saying stupid shit like this weakens the debate.
To discus this topic we have brought three people who have no idea what they are talking about.
Seems odd to legislate for when we become a warzone.
Marketing
Are you suggesting that Justin Bieber's 'Baby' is not the greatest work of art in the history of mankind?
Also the size of the market has grown thanks to globalism and population growth.
This is really depressing.
What use do guns have that demands they must be personally owned and carried?
I agree. We should do something about alcohol.
That's not too bad.
You could probably afford an ethically made shirt if we didn't have to pay all the middle men.
We paid her 50 cents.
Nothing but hard work and intelligence can explain this.
Why would Netflix be relevant as a metric here? If there were more Netflix users I think it would be a compelling argument.
Just series ran from 1992-2000
They think they're macho.
For the liberal party
Ooblets is the only game that matters
Move to a Spanish country for a few months.
This gets reposted so much and I hate it every time. Respect your pets.
Wow. There are more movies where 100% of dialogue is men than there are at 50%. More movies where not a single woman speaks than an even split.
I recall reading a study a long time ago that looked at conversations between men and women. They just put them in a room and asked them to talk then asked them questions. When asked who talked the most it was more often stated that the women did and often they said the woman talked too much. When they long at the recording they also found the woman was in fact talking about 30% of the time.
I remember some kids at my school being so proud of their participation trophies because it showed how rebellious and not nerdy they are.
Even without aliens I'm sure we can move on from racism and find another way to create minorities to discriminate and hold prejudices against. Have hope!
That we should stop dividing ourselves by what we see as race.
I'd imagine that is a concern for health and safety regs so if it's there it might be that Metro don't know about it yet and should be told.

It may also be something that looks a lot like blood but isn't 
I really do agree, I'm just not sure a comment on something as straight forward as this is necessary. Even if a citation is used it is good practice to fact check.
Got to save that money for any future postal surveys
Are you talking about Euclidean? I don't recall anything about them taking 'most' of the money but the tech they made was bought and used for mining. I saw a lot of other projects it funded. None of them looked great but that's sort of expected.
My thought too, but it will be enough to fund a bunch of small indie projects. Some of which might generate enough money for them to grow and fund bigger projects.
You should verify claims that interest you. I don't see why you wouldn't.

You're right that if this were an academic journal then a claim like this would need to be cited. If you insert citations into your everyday speech good for you.
What are yours? Mine all put the film+music industry at about 50bn and videogames at 100bn, from Statista.
It's a joke that ends with a google search. which would have given you: 

>Video games vs. film & music. ... In fact, the video game industry is more successful than film and music put together. According to polygon.com, global revenue for video games estimated at about $83.6 billion in 2014 alone. In that same year, the film industry made $36.4 billion, according to MPAA. Feb 4, 2016

>www.kfvs12.com/story/31140647/who-rules-the-entertainment-industry

This is pedantry. The information is readily available, you can test the statement yourself. This is part of science, research. He should have cited the information initially (if this was a paper) but that doesn't mean you can't spend ten seconds verifying it. Especially on something as readily available as this.

If you can't factcheck you're a useless academic.
Of course citing sources is essential. That doesn't mean you can't test a statement yourself.
That's not how any of those things work.
You jerk it to werewolves.
Looks like some major cities have some areas mapped but they aren't large enough to show up at this scale.
Just for a stupid pun? How absurd.
The fundamental problem with (most) religion as I see it is that it establishes an idea of absolute truth. As humans we are incapable of defining anything outside our own perception, so to know if we have found absolute truth is impossible and therefore to even know if absolute truth even exists is also impossible. God however knows and sees all so of course anything he says is absolute truth. Thus anyone who believes in god also must believe in absolute truth and believes that it is obtainable through the worship of god. Thus elevating how you perceive god, or whatever bullshit you want, to be some form of absolute truth. Want to kill in the name of God? if that's what you think he wants it would be wrong not to. This pervades every level of an individuals existence altering how we behave and how we perceive the world and has impeded human progress since its inception. Everything humanity has achieved we have done in spite of Religion.
The market will decide! so likely just beef and chicken or pork for those who a feeling adventurous.
He should have had a gun so he could defend himself.
I looked it up before posting to double check and the variance I saw was about 1cm (from 19cm) so figured may as well just say same size.
Condom sizes don't work the way people tend to think. A large condom is no longer than a small condom, it is wider. All condoms are the same length.
I think you mean Niqab or Burka. A Hijab only covers hair and often not even that.
I don't know what the point of this is but I have humoured you thus far. A hammer is useless if you want to screw in an electrical screw. You do understand that right? Different things have different uses and those are not always relevant.

In regards to my personal experience with singing the national anthem in school, I really didn't give a shit. I was a child. Looking back I can see now it's a little fucked up. A simple lesson on the subject, which we also had, was enough. The process of making children stand in front of a flag raising and sing the national anthem has nothing to do with education. It's a tactic to instil a sense of patriotism into the population. It is a tactic used by every major nation on earth and especially used by every tyrannical dictatorship from Mussolini to Pol Pot. You are not teaching the child the words of a song, that is by far one of the stupidest justifications I have heard. Complex math theorems take a few lessons but the anthem needs years of practice? really? You are teaching the children a process in which they submit themselves to the command of their nation. What purpose does knowing the words to this song serve? what purpose does the process in which we learn them have?


I have never heard of Jung as being taboo but nor is this my field. What I hear of Jung is that he is held in generally high regard, similar to Freud, and also like Freud a lot of what Jung wrote has not stood up to further testing and analysis. My understanding of Jung is that quite a lot of what he theorised was based on the assumption of supernatural forces. That doesn't make all his work useless and the parts that have survived have evolved through the work of academics influenced by Jung. Jung has been a beginning point for the development of theories like the collective consciousness or Campbell's monomyth which are still popular today. He was ethnocentric in the sense that his theories were based on western myth and ignorant of other cultures or even pre-christian myth. This is as far as I know so there might be some inaccuracies here. Jung justified belief in god by asserting that god is reality itself and stated that there was no such thing as coincidence and used that concept to argue the existence of the paranormal. I think these conclusions have not stood up to the test of time. Few academics such as the one alluded to in your post still use Jung's work as a justification of the belief and worship of god, others assert that regardless of whether God exists it proves the importance of Christian ideals. These statements ignore the importance of non-christian stories, myths, and ideas and and also ignore the analysis of how Christian stories became dominant in the west, often through force and violence not just relatable meaning.
Thank you for find this! 
If I recall it wasn't so simple. They were arrested for having an orgy in public, attacking a church with a chainsaw and something about having sex with a frozen chicken in a grocery store. International media ran the story that it was all just for a song.
I searched the article for the word squid, zero results showed up. Are you sure this article is unedited. I took a brief look over and couldn't see any mention of 
>"the great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money"

Which was one of the redactions made to the text.
I realise now you are likely the guy in the video. I'm not looking to insult you. You see a lot of Australians who switch into a sort of 'ultra-australian' (bogan) mode when their Australian identity is made clear online. mate mate cunt fuckin' aye gday oath seppo cunt fuckin' etc. they fit as many 'Australianisms' as they can into what they say, regardless of whether anyone would actually talk like that. I made the comment during the intro to your video where it seemed you were doing the same thing with the word mate. The rest of the video is just a regular guy though.
I hate how hard this guy is trying to play up his Australian character.
Where's the problem?
I forgot it because it was useless information. How does that relate to your point? The only way I would have not taken that path was if I had some need to know the song. Nothing to do with the process of learning it.
It doesn't take hundreds of repetitions over the majority of years of an individuals childhood to learn five lines.
Please look up the difference between unity and conformity.
Why do we need to know the national anthem? how many people do you think know all the words to the national anthem? Do you know all the words? What use does it serve in people's lives? why do we enforce it on children and not adults?

You're really trying hard, you've misunderstood a simple expression and used it to build another strawman. good job? Truly it is my fault that children around Australia are forced to sing the national anthem.

Forcing kids to sing the national anthem repetitiously is weird.

Learning about Australia's history is good, our national anthem is a part of that, even if it only goes back to the 80s. It serves it's purpose in ceremonies and events as a symbol that represents our country. We don't need to force children to sing it in school during morning assembly.
Nice strawman. We were punished if we were caught not singing the anthem. How is that not being forced?
The question is 'Why force kids to sing the anthem every day?' not 'why learn it?' though I don't think there is any real need to learn the anthem. Why can't it be taught like any other piece of Australian history? they don't force us to go through the story of Captain Cook every morning. Your comment however assumes that people have no personal agency of their own, if something is not forced upon you then you just never bother to even look? that sounds like a really limited existence?

There are a lot of aspects of our history and culture that are never taught to us, what is it about an anthem that makes it so special? I forgot it the day I was no longer forced to sing it. Why? because it has no use. So the question 'why learn it?' is still a valid one to ask.
We're doing our best to ensure this doesn't happen again.
My life has been in development hell for the past 7 years.
Buy a game for what it is, not what it will/ might become. If you need a game to make changes to hold a favourable view then you should never have bought it. It's on you. Not the dev.
Haven't really watched it in about 15 years. Will turn it on for Qanda but that's it.
?
They should sing it because they want to, not because they are forced to.
We sung the national anthem every day. Really teaches you how to tune out.
Why?
Why live?
Why should we learn it?
I think it's weird we make kids sing the national anthem.
If you 'wither' when all you have are needs then I think you might be forgetting a few needs. We need to take care ourselves psychologically as well. We aren't just mechanical.
I feel like there's a lot missing from this. Like what did this guy do? How did he meet people? How did he talk? How did he present himself? What did he look for in relationships? Etc. Etc. "He had personality" is just abstract bullshit that could really mean anything. Overweight could mean a lot of things, so could 2/10. 2/10 is the average for men. And the metric of comparison is 'hot', is that really all men are looking for in a woman?
ITT: Americans butcher the name Gogh
Where's the fuckin' money shithead
I feel real bad for the one guy with a laptop.
You're thinking! we don't take kindly to thinkers round here.
Be attractive.
They'll work it out pretty quickly if we implement this.
What if the regulation is concerned with safety, waste and space junk? It depends on what the regulation is IMO
I just do 30 shots every weekend so I'm good right?
We all live in America
Ethics only applies to humans? so if someone wanted to rape and torture animals they would be free to do so?
But what about the sanctity of marriage??? This will surely diminish the value of the third marriage I'm adulterating!
Wow, well that certainly does make sense. Thanks!
What do you call alternative medicine that works?


Medicine.
The skeptics just ain't what they used to be.
During the Finding Nemo directors commentary one of the directors just opens a bag of crisps and starts them noisily.
no
Is chicken a vegetable?
I believe the answers are Yes and Yes. I recall reading a bit about it on his blog over at http://jeff-vogel.blogspot.com.au
Doing what you love as a profession will destroy that thing and you will end up loveless.
Lucky enough to own a house.
After telling my housemate about my severe depression: "Don't do that, it's not cool"
I'm not a big fan of indie puzzle platoformers  but people seem to like it.
You can't judge a dogs facial expressions the same way we do a humans. The amount of times I see people post dogs bearing their teeth and the comments say "Oh so cute! it's smiling!". Dogs can naturally looks sad when they have their mouth closed and ears relaxed.
People should live in cities and give suburbs back to nature.
What game is this?
I think it's really important to be involved in politics. Our societies are flawed and this is what we have to fix them. It's small and it's slow but at this point it's the best the we have and far better than bloodshed. Arguing with people is not worth much, dialog is important though. It's not worth it to be angry. People will be shit, expect that from them. Is not worth getting angry over. But read and learn and challenge your views. If we can't learn this collectively then our societies are already lost.
It's worthless. Everything you hate is worthless and it's worthless to hate it. What more can we expect from humanity other than for it to do what it has always done? Grow, kill, collapse, die. We are naive to expect anything more. So it would follow the we should not be disappointed with what we were wrong to expect to begin with. Disappointment at our worthless species is worthless.
I don't care enough for it to affect me anymore. Making fun of someone because they are lonely or ugly is an activity for a worthless piece of shit.
Life is temporary.
Ironic isn't it? Like these are the people who could most use some company but what happens is others leave the lonely people to suffer on their own. Don't we live in such a nice society.
Baby baby baby ohhhh
Baby baby baby ohhhh
Baby baby baby ohhhh
Baby baby baby ohhhh
Steam wasn't the only place I check for deals but since I would use steam almost exclusively, and was therefore on the steam store far more often. Almost all of my games purchases were on steam/ humble bundle.

I don't want to be so heavily tied to steam, that's why I was happy seeing gog offer free copies of already purchased games on steam. I heard about www.isthereanydeal.com recently and had only breifly looked at it. I see now I can sync my steam wishlist! and it was really easy! this is really incredible actually. It tracks my library unique from any storefront. This is exactly what I was looking for! I wish I had known about this years ago when I first started my collection.

Thanks, if not for your post I wouldn't have given the site a second look and found all this. 
I do not want kids. Life is miserable, I don't want to give that to someone.
For some reason I always think of Ubisoft as Canadian too
Those damn feminists trying to build a conservative Islamic 'utopia' again.
I think he was trying to say that the argument in defence of Russia could be used for Isis. Not that Russia supports Isis.
Porridge. My parents would put quick oats in the microwave with water for about ten minutes. What came out was a hard solid block of oats. They would then pour a bit of milk and honey over it. I would cut it up into pieces using a knife and fork and eat the hard rubbery material before me.
Just means I end up using gog less than I would and potentially miss deals
This is a great thing. I rather GoG over steam but when all my games are on steam there's no reason to launch GoG. I'm not going to buy my $3000 games again
>law to combat era of 'hatred' 

via

>exemptions from anti-discrimination laws

Discrimination is LOVE
As concisely as I can think of

Nihilism: Everything is meaningless

Existentialism: We can create meaning

Absurdism: I'm going to stop caring and enjoy my meaningless existence anyway.
A billionaire? in my establishment? no no, it's on me!
The muslim school firing non-muslim teachers still evil though right?
Whose halfpipe? What happened to the rest of it? who put the gold in there? 97.75 FM or AM?


I am reluctantly posting this shitty joke.
You want as little Vegemite as possible. I did a google image search and every single image put on way too much. Even the ones that claim to be 'the right amount' is way too much.
People love vegemite because it is iconic more so than because it is good. It's just salt. Everyone had vegemite in their pantry growing up, it was heavily marketed as being part of the Australian identity. And still is.

I like vegemite but you've got to understand that really it's just sort of a substitute for salt for sandwiches and toast. So treat it like you would treat salt. Melt some butter over some toast and very finely apply a little bit of vegemite, the fat and salt, like fat and salts in any other situation will satiate your bodies craving of fat and salt. Alternatively you can spread vegemite very thinly across some cheese and have it on a biscuit or toast. You want to pair it with fatty foods. Eating vegemite on its own is just depressing.

Vegemite can also be used as a substitute for salt in cooking which can be nice sometimes.

End of the day, it's just a spread. Why anyone would be upset if you didn't like it is beyond me. People tend to desperately cling to anything 'Australian', even toast spreads, because without our milo and vegemite there's not much left of the Australian identity. Or so it seems.
A doona and that's it.
I'm not completely up to date on the research but my understanding is that vaping is healthier than smoking. So good job Corey. I'm more surprised than anything.

I learnt a little more on the issue. Vaping is not banned? It just isn't allowed indoors similar to current cigarette laws. Is that what Corey is protesting?
If everything is meaningless then the actions we take which cause negative impact on others have zero justification. Even when everything is meaningless we can justify a state of pain as being worse than no pain. Both states are meaningless but you will still choose one over the other simply because of our physical reaction to them.

If you allow this framework to exist within nihilism then you have a philosophy that begins to lean towards utilitarianism, but where utilitarianism asks that we maximise 'good' collectively this nihilism would simply ask that we avoid creating harm at all costs. This may be going off the rails a bit but this is how I often think about it. I think this is a positive outcome.

The idea that meaninglessness is negative is also an assumption. We perceive it as negative but does that really mean that it is negative? what makes meaning positive? what makes inherent meaning positive? Why can't we exist without meaning without it affecting us negatively? perhaps if we weren't brought up and conditioned to believe that life has meaning, that there is some inherent good or good force that guides the universe, and if these points were not repeated to us infinitely throughout our life. Perhaps our reaction to nihilism would not be so negative. I do not know, perhaps our yearning for meaning is inherent to our existence but even if that is the case the lack of meaning is only negative to us. As far as the universe is concerned the lack of inherent meaning is something which would sit as neutral.
>I dont intend hedonism which requires immediate gratification

Hedonism does not require immediate gratification. It is a much broader school that covers different beliefs. Their unifying theme is that they all place happiness or pleasure as a central value, as you seem to do. 

>I believe someone should delay the immediate pleasure if the result is much greater pleasure later

This is precisely something a hedonist would believe. It's also important to note that the meaning of pleasure can be different depending on context. Some hedonists believe that pleasure is not just bodily pleasure but also a general comfort and state of contentment with life. It's been a long while since I did any reading specifically on hedonism but from memory there are schools of hedonism that state exactly what you've said. I wish I could remember the names of its leading philosophers, I would guide you to their work. I think you may find some benefit in looking into Epicureanism.

>Epicurus believed that the greatest good was to seek modest, sustainable "pleasure" in the form of a state of tranquility and freedom from fear.

Absurdism is inherently about the question of suicide. Life is meaningless and dealing with that concept will inevitably draw you to the question of "well if it's meaningless why live it? why not just kill myself?" 
So an absurdist believes that life is meaningless and being faced with the meaningless of life compels us into a state of anxiety. The solution to this anxiety is to defy it and to do the meaningless. Live meaninglessly and to laugh at it because it's all meaningless anyway. To say fuck you to the natural state of your existance which is at odds with itself. This dissonance between existence and meaning is The Absurd.
Being able to find a partner would be nice. The opposite sex don't seem to have as much trouble just finding someone. foreveralone subs are almost exclusively one sex and looking at dating sites for my city one sex is outnumbered 15 to 1.
He didn't say imprison them or penalize them. Objecting to someone's platform is not against free speech.
What do you mean?
And if it was Julia Gillard?
There's just something about being falsely accused of not declaring assets and twisting legal employment to look poor when at best it outlines that the legal requirements for au pairs are not that high, he paid the recommended wage. A bit hypocritical I agree but you can't seriously be putting that in the same boat as Joyce? If it was a conservative what do you think would have happened that would have been different? Ironically when I was looking these things up I found a statement from the Australian saying they were committed to destroying the greens. That doesn't sound unbiased or fair really.
My apologies, i understand the lines can be blurry and maybe I mistook your comment. It was on au pairs specifically that the thirty hour limit seemed to apply, that is if it matters. It helps to know that if an au pair was put to guided work they would be protected as an employee. I'm still concerned though, if a wage can be reduced to zero and claimed entirely by the employer on benefits.
In the article you linked: an au pair visiting Australia might stay with a family for the cultural experience and provide only a small amount of assistance looking after children. An au pair in this situation is less likely to be considered an employee.

When I looked into it for my previous post a stated threshold was 30 hours a week before the au pair gets employee benefits such as super. I assume that is the same here. The minimum wage is applied before deductions (rent/ food/ etc.)

Like I said, these laws seem really messed up. Completely open to exploitation. I don't want to defend their application. In the argument that this is proof that the left is let off more lightly than the right, well. I can see why a minister paying someone the recommended legal wage and declaring his assets was not seen as terribly controversial. Even if it is at odds with his policy sentiments.
I had a look at these. It seems the au pair was paid $487 for a 25 hour work week. If you deduct lodging, food, sundries and tax you will be brought down to $150 which is where you got your $6 from. I'm not sure if I agree with the law here, it seems open for exploitation. What Di Natale did doesn't look illegal though. I closed the article but I recall it said this happened before 2012. [Today in 2017 the recommended would be $166 for a 25 hour week \(or 200-250 AUD for 30 hours/week.\)](https://www.aupairworld.com/en/au_pair_program/australia/family/pocket_money) but there is no regulated minimum. This law seems really fucked up to me, what is stopping people from effectively using this to keep slaves?


The properties were declared and records are publicly available here: http://www.aph.gov.au/Parliamentary_Business/Committees/Senate/Senators_Interests/~/media/Committees/Senate/committee/interests_ctte/statements/SenatorDiNataleRstat110728.ashx
What was this?
Yeah. He makes his wife clean, what's not to get?
When I made plans to kill myself. I figured if I'm going to go through with this I may as well see a doctor too.
Interesting. I'd never heard it used that way before.
What is dignity? When they are mature enough to reflect on this all as people they will not care about petty face saving.
Orbiters are people who don't get much attention from the opposite sex so as soon as one shows any kind of social reciprocation they will stick around and involve themselves as much as possible in the hopes it might be something more. It's entirely one sided. I think the article is talking about the person in the relationship keeping back ups.
Future farming
Nothing wrong with showing some emotion. Who cares if it's unreciprocated, that doesn't make it any less true.
I don't think Congress would give NASA the funds to buy spacex
If they weren't for profit then they wouldn't need tax free status?
Are you trying to say that because steam games require steam to run that makes them microtransactions and that therefore the core game design of diablo 3 which ruined the loot system of the game to favour an in-game real money auction house is actually false because steam games are microtransactions?
Nothing churches do warrants tax free status. One day we will end this nonsense and the sooner the better.
I don't know. They might just be happy that they went through a trial that pushed them through extremes and came out the other end.
I dunno, is a "steam game" an "in-game item"? You tell me
I get accused of this a lot. I don't take pride in it I just don't like a lot of things that are popular. Marvel movies, game of thrones, that sort of thing. I only make a point of it because people never fucking stop trying to talk to me about it. I can't escape. No one seems willing to accept that it's just not my thing.
When people act proud that they don't know something. Of course you don't, that would make you a 'nerd' and you wouldn't want that!

Whether it be science, literature, or whatever
Okay, I thought small repetitious payments for in game items was microtransactions but I guess I am mistaken.
The auction house?
Core game design that was made to fit a model for mtx
mtx did ruin d3, so much so that the bad press provoked them to change it.
I couldn't trust modern blizzard with this.
Looks like an exaggeration. The data doesn't really say the same thing the article is claiming. 

So we have age plotted against 'influence on adult preferences' which has no metric and this is backed up by individual songs showing they ranked highest on spotify for particular age groups.

The best I can draw from this is that people who listened to popular songs at a younger age continued to show those songs in their rankings at older ages. It does not show how that compares to other songs or what percentage of people are still listening to those songs. To say that music we listened to when we are 13 ended up being the music we loved seems like an overstatement.
Maybe that's the secret. No one can. We just want to believe.
FriendlyJordies' points in the video vice criticised were a bit shit. Saying he was willing to go to a party on the anniversary of the Armenian genocide (was it Armenia?) was somehow related to people celebrating Australia day is not just a stretch, it's a red herring. Pointing out media outlets hypocrisy that they changed their tune on Australia day is exactly worthless, changing your opinion is not a crime. It suggests that they should not support moves to change the date while he conveniently takes the stance of "I don't care".

I didn't watch this full video but in the start he likens vice to Logan Paul for filming in the suicide forest. To say a documentary is anything like a 'prank' video where someone laughs at a dead body is anything alike is so stupidly wrong. Instead he should focus on rebutting their accusation, not just pull out random "I'm not a Nazi, you're a Nazi" bullshit.

I don't know if I should waste my time watching the remainder of this video.
It's one thing to be intelligent, it's another to apply your intelligence to every aspect of life. No one has 100% up time.
While banning cervical cancer vaccines because it might cause women to be not promiscuous and voting against gay marriage because it's against the sanctity of marriage. It's not about the act, it's about the context.
While banning cervical cancer vaccines because it might cause women to be not promiscuous and voting against gay marriage because it's against the sanctity of marriage. It's not about the act, it's about the context.
While banning cervical cancer vaccines because it might cause women to be not promiscuous and voting against gay marriage because it's against the sanctity of marriage. It's not about the act, it's about the context.
Owlboy and iconoclasts come to mind
The original star wars or any of the marvel movies. They are just some light entertainment.
Where would you rate mk ultra?
What about MK ultra?
If you pretend to be positive all the time or if you never say anything except the positive then what is positivity in that environment? It'll be completely meaningless. We can't just be a hugbox for no reason. I'm not advocating for people being assholes, there is nothing wrong with expressing your subjective opinion on an anonymous social network.
Blocking entry to a Mcdonalds is certainly a humanitarian effort but I don't see why it should just be women who benefit from this. Surely men should also be allowed to benefit from such a scheme?
If those games are your thing then enjoy away but even so that's three games and a bunch of hopeful future releases. Seriously, listing games not out yet.
Why does it look like it came off a reel from 1930?
Paying for PS plus is like paying to use your front door.
Like Bloodborne and uhhh... and... well... it has Bloodborne!
Who cares if they aren't Australian? You think people watch this shit for entertainment? It's all about that nationalism!
That was the point.
I see. Thanks for clearing that up!
we're winning
Good to cats and dogs? we force them to fuck so we can kidnap their babies and sell them to negligent and abusive owners who leave them in a box for 10 hours a day with nothing to do except slowly go insane until the Stockholm syndrome fully sets in.
Isn't the article saying the northwest territories were split and changed name? 
What does the Quran say on the matter? I read two English translations that stated it.
So what is the actual name of 'an area twice the size of Texas' ?
Half true. The other half of the story is that it was the first fully free non-p2w game in a popular genre that people were aching to play.
ITT: a bunch of channels that were never good.
Very Huxley
Sometimes I forget Reddit is full of Americans and posts like this confuse the hell out of me.
I don't see anything wrong with swearing at all but it is a set of expressions that are supposed to communicate severe pain or suffering. Sometimes jest as it heightens the tension of a joke. So if someone swears in public I guess it depends on why they said it and how loudly. If someone yells fuck because their bag broke then I'm going to think they need to settle down, the rest of the carriage doesn't need to be alerted to your trivial problem. But if it's just a regular contained impulse reaction then who cares. I don't know if the women was wrong to berate you or not, taking a side would just mean listening to your story and agreeing with you mindlessly. How do I judge people who swear? That they must be in agony though I'd be unsure if they required attention.
I feel like the costume might not be helping
What are these biscuits. This is the second time I've seen this type of thing in two days and I just can't imagine biscuits served this way.

Upon googling they seem to be some sort of scone though I still can't imagine eating scones with gravy..
Value self doubt. Confidence breeds ignorance.
Limited though. I see people justify being shit to other people by saying this is how they expect to be treated, other people should toughen up like they did and other bullshit.
There's really no point to be angry. You can wait for them and they can wait for you.
Booking myself into a hospital right away.
First time in years I've seen a nsfw tag used correctly on a front page sub.
I think the bike is meant to be easier to see and less likely to be run over by a car? Nah, must just be a wanker
Mods made a lot of right wingers angry now they're trying to destroy it?
I don't want to buy snack food from a company that advertises that they don't care about rats.
Biscuits? With gravy? That sounds revolting.
Are we going to see photos of it slowly degrade and fall to pieces? I would really like to see that
And 90% of clothing stores primarily target women.
Can't wait to die honestly question is how
Australian here. Cut UK off the list. They are taking over! 
Okay, do you have any data that backs that up? The effectiveness of deterrence policy is not proven from studies I've read and to my understanding showing their face in court physically has never been part of that strategy.
Okay, do you have any data that backs that up? The effectiveness of deterrence policy is not proven from studies I've read and to my understanding showing their face in court physically has never been part of that strategy.
Being accused of a crime does not exclude you from the right to a fair trial. That's exactly the point. Everyone deserves a fair trial, even criminals.

We are a civilised country and part of being a civilised country means we legally respect freedom of religion. Living in this country means not unfairly treating people because they are Catholic, Protestant, Athiest, Hindu, etc. That includes Islam. Our Court Rules Acts & Regulations says Hats and Sunglasses are not allowed in court. I don't know if that includes Christian hair coverings or Jewish yarmulkes, I can't find any cases where someone was removed from court for wearing those.

Assimilation is a bit different because that is talking about concepts of national identity and culture. We don't enforce our identity or culture and I'm pretty glad that we live in a country that values personal freedom over uniformed national identity. That also depends on how you define assimilation which is pretty nebulous. I would suggest that someone asking for extra accommodations due to religious reasons is not indicative of their ability to function in society and it's something we already extend to other members of the community, eg. the disabled.

France is free to do what they feel is right, it is up to them to work out what is best for their country. I would argue that banning religious veils is a violation of our freedom of religion and thus human rights. It doesn't matter if people supported the move, a lot of people supported slavery and the death penalty. We need to work our way to deeper truth than simply populism. What right do we have to force people not to follow personal religious practice? Should we ban christian customs? or perhaps we should enforce christian customs and ban people from not partaking? The answer to all these questions is the same.

How does a veil affect other people? Because others have to see it? part of living in a society is that we will live with other people who have differing views and practices, a society is a social mechanism that allows groups like this to live alongside each other. It's a bit authoritarian for the state to start dictating what we can wear. I understand there are security concerns that can accompany concealment of the face. These can be easily resolved. We supply translators for non-english speakers, we allow phoning in from people who can't appear personally, we can deal with running a security check that complies with religious practice. If we couldn't then the religious person would have to deal with it, but that's not the case is it?
That's different to what you said. Court Rules Acts & Regulations are not values and they can be changed. As they should be. In the case that someone is not allowed in court due to a religious practice then we are faced with the prospect of this religious group not being able to receive a fair trial which would conflict with our Fair trial and fair hearing rights. Those rights run deeper than Court Rules Acts & Regulations. The question is whether the objective of court regulation can be achieved another way. Confirming ID in a religiously respectful way or using fingerprints etc.
Look at that dip between 2013 and 2018. Glad we're picking back up but damn that's pretty sad.
Wearing a veil is against values how?
When did shaming someone become part of our legal procedure?
If it's flawed you should be able to describe how but you've not done a great job of that so far.
Then we should ban every inanimate object I suppose. That's the only way to really be safe.

What do you expect?
If you can rape without harm then go right ahead. Sodomize yourself to your heart's content.

Because 'society' does something doesn't mean it is correct. The damage of rape is measurable. wearing a veil is not like rape in any sense.
Nice strawman. Obviously that's unjust. It's also got nothing to do with what I was saying.
Nice counterpoint
Like when Australians are in Bali. Most respectful folk ever.
Forcing someone not to wear a niqab is the same authoritarian bullshit as forcing someone to wear a niqab. In both cases you are just forcing your belief onto someone else against their will.
ITT the angry fan is definitely not a plant, no way.
It's more like being an actor getting mad at an actor because it's written in the script and if you don't do it you won't get paid.
Why not both?
Pretty bad. Dead end conversations with people who are not interested or will soon be not interested in talking to you. 
It's really funny how often the accusations these people make apply primarily to themselves.
But it's Elon Musk so it's totally awesome. Downvote the negative Nancy!
I might reflect on my day or think about things I would like to do tomorrow.
Gold mining I think someone said.
We hoot five times and then we ask you the questions
Yes and no. Benefits aren't just a sink of money, they can cause positive effects on the economy and thus pay for themselves.
They should just make music educational and save us the hassle.
What are some good educational podcasts?
Vic. I thought it was standard and this was ten years ago. It was part of English which was compulsory until year 12.
Sorry, this is in Australia. I shouldn't have just bluntly stated it so vaguely.
Don't give your dog any dog food to see if they'll hold it in their mouth. If they swallow it, it could be a serious choking hazard and could cut off their airway!
I feel like dogs are no more likely to choke on an egg than they are too choke on dog food. 
This post really reinforced my emotional position.
We do here in Australia during secondary but it doesn't stop people from being idiots.
We get taught fallacies and critical thinking in school (Australia). Students apply it to their schoolwork and then forgot about it outside the classroom.
This weird transformers show from the 90s. Or any 3D animation from back then: https://youtu.be/MdcsLHf6wb4
I really wish we measured dates and time decimally. 60/60/24/7/29,30,31/12/365/10/100 just doesn't make much sense to me. 
That makes more sense if it's supposed to simulate a satellite. It read as a publicity stunt which I thought was unnecessary.
You're right, it doesn't matter. This is really missing the point. I read he's sending a car to Mars but I'm not commenting on where he's sending it, I'm commenting on it being a car. I was wrong about Mars. I really don't care that much I just thought him using this as a publicity opportunity for his car cheapened the event. That's it.
It can still be a bad thing. If someone doesn't let you sleep or work or do anything except spend time with them it can affect your mental state. It can really have a bad impact. Some clinginess is probably fine because it would just depend on the person and their preferences but also people can be easily insane.
"Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars," he said on Twitter.

I really don't know how I mistook this as him saying he was sending a car to Mars.
Cars are not that heavy. You could just use water or dirt even. Maybe something that carries something biological so it could be studied if it were ever found. The car doesn't really add anything that isn't already expressed in the rocket.
Flying a car to Mars. Sometimes Musk's ego wankery is a bit much. Of all the things to send to Mars; a Tesla roadster? Really?
He clearly had a formula for editing and he sticks to it regardless of whether it makes sense. It's high enough quality but endlessly recycled and he has nothing insightful to say.
What is with this editing. It's just awful...
Quite the opposite.
I'd like to add to this that while he says they the traits that women have make them less competitive and that it is natural and justified that unequal representation occurs in employment. When he is told about men who have been left behind and are not achieving high roles, that breaks his heart. For women though, it is justified.

He denies saying things such as women should not try to have a career and women should stay at home and have children. But he does say that this stay at home life is more valuable and career women end up miserable. So while he is not telling women to do that because it is all they are good for, he is saying it would be optimal for women to do that.
8 to 12 seconds
Loot boxes confirmed for American health care?
Cornell University Press is fake news? Professor Jeffrey Kopstein, University of Toronto is just making it up? I'm not saying the poles are bad people. Someone made a claim and I decided to briefly look it up. The response I get is "it's fake news". If a term is used falsely then that should be grounds enough. Making a term flatly just illegal is not good law.
Check the citation
>depict, express or otherwise deal with matters of sex, drug misuse or addiction, crime, cruelty, violence or revolting or abhorrent phenomena in such a way that they offend against the standards of morality, decency and propriety generally accepted by reasonable adults.

When did this become law here? I thought it was just when sex or drugs are used as an incentive. This is ridiculous, "offend against the standards or morality" who's morality? What is a reasonable adult? Where are these terms defined? Because this sounds like insanity. I don't care if the game is bad this law is bad.
Not much choice when your looking for a party that will enforce extreme racist policy.
Honestly though, if it's going to get that hot then this is the way to do it.
This distrust towards journalism is really too much. Newspapers cite their sources. The article I linked has a citation which leads to a book. You've got to look at the grounds on which claims are made, not just dismiss them outright.
Isn't there grounds here to sue these newspapers?
I was curious so I looked it up:

[Ethnic Poles were the primary perpetrators in approximately 25 percent of the pogroms](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2018/02/02/yes-some-poles-were-nazi-collaborators-the-polish-parliament-is-trying-to-legislate-that-away/?utm_term=.76fa14c58a24)

maybe it's not just geography.
Where did the term polish death camp come from?

I was curious so I looked it up: [Ethnic Poles were the primary perpetrators in approximately 25 percent of the pogroms](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2018/02/02/yes-some-poles-were-nazi-collaborators-the-polish-parliament-is-trying-to-legislate-that-away/?utm_term=.76fa14c58a24)


Okay, perhaps I can do this by asking you a question. What does the state of Iran have to do with pussy hats? Women in first world countries still have a right to speak up about injustice regardless.
https://www.logicallyfallacious.com/tools/lp/Bo/LogicalFallacies/155/Relative-Privation
Not even close. But I guess that disproves my point.
My car is broken but since people in third world countries don't even have cars I can't really complain so I won't be trying to fix it.
I thought it was harvest moon
Gotta reproduce and make more republicans.
Yep. That's pretty pricey. 
How much liquid is 'one' beer?
In Australia it was also sea-ga but that's just because they dumped the consoles on our shores and we're so disconnected from anywhere we just had to work out how to say it for ourselves.
No one denies this.
The same seems to be true for you. I hope you found this little exchange worthwhile.
"lolx2 someone says they're miserably lonely what a loser haha"

I'm happy to keep this going as long as you want.
You too buddy. And try not to be so easily triggered, it's got to be bad for your health.
Two days of talking shit and this is where you draw the line. Well okay, it was fun. Have a nice life.
Go on then, show me. Clearly anyone who ever sees /r/latestagecapitalism is a communist.
Well you're wrong either way. Life must be easy when you can so easily sort people into lists of goodies and baddies. Should I comment that you went through someones's profile history to pull out a post of them saying they are miserably lonely so you could laugh at them? that was pretty classy.
Every time
Ain't the whole point of this sub not doing things right now?
He needs to drive his girlfriend/ wife to the shops I assume.
What is my ideology? You seriously think feminists are communists? what am I reading? Since you know everything about history I'm sure this will be insightful.
I will if you do too.
Fair treatment of women in society is Communist oky dokie Mr rational. By the sounds of it you don't know what Communist is. 
If you're so easily hurt perhaps there's a few things in life you should spend some time thinking about.
Yet it's okay to bully people for not liking sports as evident further up in this comment section without objection.
Always live closer to work if you can. Much better for your health and wellbeing.
They're wrong but they came to the right decision.
Antifa are not the same as neo-nazis. I don't like either but one aiming to defend themselves from political violence is just not the same as violently attacking disempowered groups.
I had to go and look up to see they organised the Melbourne rally, could have written that in the article instead of making the connection look like some spurious bullshit.
You ever have the problem where you think man this would be the worst time to get a boner and then thinking about that you start to get a boner so you try not to think about it but trying not to think about it just makes it worse and now you've got a boner in a really awkward situation?
I was playing aria of sorrow and aiming for 100% completion. To get it you need to farm drops from enemies, some enemies are extremely difficult to farm and had a tiny chance of dropping their soul which you collected to unlock the bonus completion. It literally took me hundreds of hours, I can't fully describe how long I spent working on this goal. There are even enemies like the silverfish that only appeared as a flash in a certain area with a boss and to even see it you had to stop time on the frame that it flashed on screen. These things were well hidden.

 Anyway, I get through it with the requirements and make my way through the final bonus area to fight a demon whom you needed to collect the souls for. I'm using save states but only in places to cut down backtracking from save rooms, otherwise it was a legit play through but since save states are more convenient I hadn't bothered to save legit for almost the entire game. Anyway I'm fighting this final boss that I spent so long to get to, I've made quite a few attempts at this point and I've almost beaten him. I get low on life and he swings a hit toward me. I see I'm dead so I hit load save state but accidentally hit save instead. I saved the game the moment before I died. Loading the game press me right back in that instant where I received that final blow and get game over. Loading the battery save puts me back at the start of the game.

I never did finish it fully in the end. it's still one of my favourite games ever.
Be able to torture anyone you want without trial? Good deal! Great deal! 
Somewhere there is a dude playing a videogame that makes him cum 6 times every three minutes
I didn't read anything that said they are actually connected to the invasion day rally.
>The hardline Indigenous activist group that promoted last Friday's ''invasion day''

So some random group that turned up to the rally? were they involved in any way? why is the age giving this hate group publicity?
This game is so bad but I see it literally everywhere.
I've never played the game. Are they enacting the character select screen animations?
Man. Now I'm wishing they acted out a play while they were up there. Oh well. Maybe next time...
That men are more emotionally stable than women, less 'bitchy' and neurotic. Haha hell no.
Hafu needs to step up her banter game, she spent too much time simply reacting to the game instead of talking. I'm sure she'll get used to the atmosphere and make a great guest. I miss the solo NL shows though or just NL and Nek so keeping to a schedule that produces variety seems best to me.
What he means is that this particular piece of satire is relevant to the situation.
Internet said the axon 7 mini had nougat. I didn't expect to be region locked out of an android update.
I already went through the assumption that 'people don't care enough to vote' in my previous comment I'm not going to walk you through that again. It's not the only problem with US politics but I think it's a big one.
Yup. Looks like the axon 7 is on Nougat.
Well they didn't even have it on shelves here if that's any indication. I don't know if there's any way to really know how much they sold.
I would use multitasking and split screen so much on my old phone. I'm not sure I'll ever get the update since the phone didn't sell well in Australia.
No I am not assuming they would have all voted Hillary. I'm saying whatever their vote may have been, Trump or Hillary or otherwise, they've all been turned into Trump votes, and that number of people that didn't vote is so high that it's impossible for any government to be legitimate. Even a small difference in that potential vote could overthrow the current result, but yes only if it swayed towards Hillary to some degree since Trump is the current leader. The point is not that Trump or Hillary would win but that whoever wins does not need to address everyone. They can win with a minority, this sort of system favours extremism for this reason. A smaller number of much more politically aggressive people end up having the say. A government represents everyone, that's what a democracy is built upon. If that's not the aim then perhaps it's not a democracy you're going for. I've held this view for decades it's not a reaction to Trump. Trump has certainly increased the likelihood of these things being brought up though. So yeah, if Hillary had won we'd probably not be having this conversation. If the discussion arose I'd still hold the view that America has a broken democracy.
Hell yes. This is actually the first time I've seen it constructed. I was too young to understand instruction manuals when I had it as a kid and it never really came out quite like it was supposed to as a result. 
I think it'd be impossible to sell individually. It's mixed up in a giant red box with all the other Lego we have. It's a lot of Lego, I'm sure it's worth a lot of money but probably impossible to separate the sets.
Damn straight I did
I think Iphone 5
This is it! the set itself wasn't great, the dome consists of about 4 pieces but the train was great!
That is an assumption and if it were true then when we look at other countries that have mandatory voting we would see a large number of informal votes. However when we look at that data for those countries they don't have a high number of informal votes, in fact they have an extremely small number of informal votes. The numbers I've seen are around 5%. So it would seem that if we do our best to ensure everyone had the chance to vote that they indeed seem to have a preference. Whether or not these people should vote is a different conversation. If you think that they shouldn't you're arguing that they should be ruled over by a minority. I don't really care for this conversation I think the problems here are pretty obvious and undesirable. I can't say a celebrity won't get in if more people vote but I do think most people are able to discern the entertainment industry as irrelevant experience for a candidate. What it does mean is even so that person will need to convince more people and having to do so should reel in stone of the extremism we see in politics. The 43% that didn't vote effectively voted for trump because they had no voice, the number of people that is being represented remains the same whether or not they vote. They are being represented by this person. By not speaking they are agreeing, their lack of a vote means the winner doesn't need to win them over. It reduces the total by 1 so that's one less vote you need to win. 27% is not a majority and could potentially be easily dislodged if even a small amount of more people voted. Sorry for the block of text I'm writing from my phone.
I'd somewhat agree but I think it's important to consider what the system is trying to be rather than what the system is. Then we can focus on fixing the problems and accomplishing its purpose. Keeping politicians accountable and factual is a must. Currently we don't really do this at all.
The space sets were pretty great. I had one with a working space train.
A representative democracy.

Edit: I misread the comment. Honestly I think fastest way to fix many of the US's problems is mandatory voting. 27% percent of eligible voters voted for trump. 43% didn't vote at all. What that means is that in effect that 43% also voted for trump. You don't have a democracy if people don't voice themselves.
Yup, some countries got the update and some didn't. It drives me nuts. I heavily used split screen and quick switching on my old phone and can't anymore.
At first it might seem that way but once you get the hang of it you'll be killing those bosses in a few minutes.
Try playing it for longer. It's a slow burn game and even if you don't like it at first I'd still say there's a good chance it will be your favourite game of all time after about 40 hours.
you mean 1140 hours of content on launch
Every iPhone user I know hasn't updated for about 6 years.
Do you also own a Ferrari that you use to drive at walking speed around an old folks home?
I bought a ZTE axon 7 mini when my LG Nexus 5x broke. It's a great phone, had all the features I was looking for in a phone, much nicer and newer technology than my old phone. What shits me though is that it's two versions of android behind my old phone. What the fuck is this? It's running v6.1 and that's the latest update for Australia Axon 7 minis, my old phone which was starting to feel dated was running v8.
Why would they?
Right. From now on I'm calling it horse and sparrow economics.
That said alcohol related diseases are some of the leading killing illnesses in all of these countries and other similar countries.
I'd say that's pure speculation and if it were true it's a little concerning that this is was used as an ideological bookend to a process that in the past delivered real policy like earn or learn.
I remember when he mentioned someone at the Amazon champions of fire said his community was toxic and he responded "have you seen what the average twitch chat is like?", I don't know if it's true since I don't watch anything else on twitch but even so... The community really is a little bit toxic.
It just means you're having a smoke but can be used to mean smoke break in the contest 'on smoko'
Job Snobs? holy shit
Yo did he just fare evade?
Fuck yeah Winston
And then lift his leg in the air slowly.
That ripple effect is something from the 90s
Monster Hunter World
Trump fucks goats, sheep, horses, cows, cars, food. 
So he doesn't advocate for the equality of the sexes?
This number is for Australia. Probably much higher in The US.
In Australia medicines are marked with aust-R or Aust-L on the label. If it is marked with Aust-R it is proven to work, Aust-L means it is not proven to work but is non harmful to eat. About 95% of the medicine aisle at any super market is marked Aust-L. 
There's a fine line between making fun of someone and teaching them not to accidentally kill themselves
People need to settle down. It's just an advertisement.
Christians are literally insane
Donald Trump was the inevitable result of your broken democracy.
We live in a fucked up reality where robots doing all our work for us is a bad thing. Seriously.
Like Mussolini did?
A single slice of plastic cheese microwaved until it was crispy.
You got pepperoni? Show off
>foxygrampa


I think we all know why
When you characterise apartments in such a way then of course they are awful. Comparing a good house to a terrible apartment is always going to come out in favour of the house. If you described a house as being an hours drive form anywhere anyone needs to be, always 5 degrees hotter inside than out and you can't step outside without the neighbours abused pitbull going berserk at you perhaps it would begin to fit the apartment you've placed it with. 

Unfortunately due to the under supplied housing market any property inner city is going to be a worse benefit to cost than housing further out, at least in materiality. In terms of overall development though building up makes much more sense. Higher density living is easier and cheaper to supply with infrastructure and amenity, they provide more opportunities for social and community interaction and relationships, they produce lower commute times and transport resulting in cheaper products and healthier workers, they create markets that are easier to access and reach larger audiences with less resources while on the flipside give residents more choice in spending and cheaper services as a result. Cities are also much more environmentally friendly and economically competitive. Some of these may seem counter intuitive since as our cities currently are we don't see all the positive effects. I think that is because our cities are under supplied and apartments are too often built to a standard which honestly should be illegal. That said cities still naturally lend themselves to be better functioning and produce better social outcomes than suburban or country life. [Higher concentrations in population density mean: among others, higher wages, higher economic output, better standards in education, more art, more science and tech, better social skills, higher happiness and wellbeing.](https://www.citylab.com/life/2012/11/cities-denser-cores-do-better/3911/) 

There are some downsides of course, diseases can spread more easily in a city and air quality can suffer, as well as this a poorly designed city is still going to be a poorly designed city and suffer from that just as much as anywhere else. [Cities can also be hotspots for crime however that can be difficult to determine as perperators of crime may come from outside the city to more easily prey on a larger number of potential victims.](http://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1086/250109?seq=4#page_scan_tab_contents) I think we have a romantic view on country living. There's that American dream we share about owning a house with a yard and ruling over it and everything will be perfect and so that's the way to go. Everything I've read on the topic suggests the opposite is generally true.

If we built more apartments in our cities then the cost would also fall and more Australians would be able to afford nicer apartments to live in. There are still a lot of other things we should do to improve our cities.

To put Australia into perspective:

The population density of Melbourne is 450, Sydney is 400.
Melbourne and Sydney have populations of 3.8 and 4 million people respectively, Los Angeles has a population of 3.9 million people and density of 4,375 per square km.
Singapore city has a population of 3.5 million people and a density of 8,350.
What's that called? Sort of sounds like dictatorship.
We like your views on Pluto. Why don't you come to Pluto and share your thoughts with the local Plutonians?
Australian cities are still some of the least populated in the world. Highrise living holds many benefits and urban sprawls and country living weakens the economy, decreases standards in living, costs more in infrastructure etc. etc.

>He suggested more detached, medium-density dwellings needed to be built in the middle and outer-fringe areas, particularly to keep up with the challenges of "strong population growth".

This guy outright says highrise living is not the answer and suggests a significantly worse option. With nothing else said.
The problem is not that there isn't enough space it's that there are not enough places to live. Driven by investment properties and adverse attitudes to high rise living. Spreading people out brings new problems, weakens our economy and decreases standards of living. We still have plenty of space in our cities.
What is this? animal agoraphobia?
That is fair enough
>according to a new poll released today by the Institute of Public Affairs
I've been repeatedly saying I condemn the use of violence. I condemn Antifa's use of violence. I don't care if you have an anecdote about a guy who attacked someone, I have no reason to suspect that as the norm. I think I will continue spelling defence with a c, thank you.
I accidentally linked to the middle of the video. This my first post here, I don't know how t edit the URL (Doesn't appear to be an option).
Violence used in defence is not the same as violence used to attack. I don't condone either but they are not equal in any regard. Terrible people do exist on both sides but the numbers are overwhelmingly skewed. ["when you look at murders committed by domestic extremists in the United States of all types, right-wing extremists are responsible for about 74 percent"](https://www.thenation.com/article/why-does-the-far-right-hold-a-near-monopoly-on-political-violence/). Left wing violence makes up a smaller cut of that remaining 26% which is shared with islamic extremism and other forms of non-right violence.
Terrible people do exist on both sides but the numbers are overwhelmingly skewed. ["when you look at murders committed by domestic extremists in the United States of all types, right-wing extremists are responsible for about 74 percent"](https://www.thenation.com/article/why-does-the-far-right-hold-a-near-monopoly-on-political-violence/), and that figure doesn't leave 26% for the left, rather that remaining 26% is shared with other non-right extremist groups such as Islamic extremists.
Like I said, I absolutely condemn it. All violence is wrong.
I love the megaman legends aesthetic
I won't say it's the same as the violence committed by the right, if it's restricted to self defence then it's not the same as ramming innocent people with your car. Not on any level, that's a false equivalence. That said, violence is not progressive on any level either. I absolutely condemn it.
How do you know they are attractive? I haven't seen any post photos.
As well as advertisements for bright orange jumpsuits. 500 times over.
I do recall a study that looked at the types of violence that people committed and found the violent people who enjoyed violent videogames also committed more extreme violent acts. It wasn't that they were more violent but the way they acted out that violence was different.
Beautiful. A metaphor for life, but also pubic hair.
Kill them.
The fitness industry is designed to make people fail and survives on charging for a service people won't use thus maintaining a potential user base of fat people to advertise to.
That's the point
That's true but I also multiplied the world's population by 1% so the the numbers are higher on both sides. According to [This Article](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-30949796) the top 1% of earners is 47 million people which if they all lived in the US would be one third. However, helpfully that article also tells us how many are living in the US: 18 million. 1/8 of america's population.
That's true but I also multiplied the world's population by 1% so the the numbers are higher on both sides. According to [This Article](http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-30949796) the top 1% of earners is 47 million people which if they all lived in the US would be one third. However, helpfully that article also tells us how many are living in the US: 18 million. 1/8 of america's population.
I don't know why this was posted here but I did find it funny that they have a cologne named Australia in New Zealand. But it is Lynx (Axe) which has the reputation of only being used by desperate virgins so I guess that's a point to NZ in the end.
The advertisements posit that the new generation of tech savvy kids don't know what a computer is and that's because they are using superior devices which have become so ubiquitous that no one needs computers anymore. It's an advertisement for people who are scared of computers because they are for nerds but Ipads are cool.
What's a tablet?

Posted from my iPad
>That's 76 million people. The population of the US is 323 million. 

I guess earning $32,400 p.a. is actually pretty exclusive if you can't get it to 3/4 of the richest country on earth.
That's 76 million people. The population of the US is 323 million so this isn't just an issue of first world vs third world.
God's plan is pwn noobs and fuck moms.
Wasn't this one of the paid protesters hired to fake a controversy for publicity? Ironic.
By default yes, there are women here but I think the vast majority are men. I seem to remember there was a poll that showed the sub as 95% male. It wasn't this one but close enough: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l0YkFROy11ToZ0dgshKAEYHFUtqU8ZKEXvlC3HZ6UPA/edit#gid=0
They should make a black mirror episode which is just a documentary of Trump.
So much information missing here for all I know he's right. 
Back when I was a kid, less than ten years old, I remember finding spiderweb games and downloading all the free demos. Avernum, geneforge, exile, all those other little games Jeff put on his site back then. My parents would never by me any game but those demos kept me entertained for years. Then I got an income and purchased every one of them. I'm pretty interested to see what Jeff has in store after the avernum 3 remake. I'm hoping he remakes or updates geneforge so I can play it properly.
Second this. Spidweb games are really low budget but there is a real amount of just love and care taken in them that make them unique.
Social media and real life influencers. We will all become marketers.
Right, wrong word. My mistake.
Right but even so the prime minister selects a governor general and recommends them to be appointed, this is what happens, as far as I know this is what has happened for every governer general Australia has had in the range of history I am familiar with, including Whitam.
Appointed by the monarch, selected by the prime minister.

edit: I used the wrong word in my second sentence.
Yup, but it only happened because the the prime minister was an idiot who selected a governor general who didn't like him and wasn't well aligned with the party. This is rare because usually a governor general that likes the party is selected so won't pull the trigger on their own party.
I feel like this dog might be more friendly because it came from a family?
Emulation is pretty much it and buying second hand.
same thing really
This was my thinking www.wsj.com/amp/articles/a-farm-grows-in-the-city-1494813900
Wow, that editing is truly trash. Something I don't see brought up is that while I think we all agree free speech is a good thing, what we consider speech can vary. For example, someone voices their opinion and someone else protests because they are offended. So the opinion holder is right to express their opinion and the responder has a right to express being offended. Both are free speech. Neither is valid on the terms of whether or not they can be expressed freely but rather the merit of their argument.
But a lot of those problems have come from putting them in suburbs when they would have been better off in cities. The city doesn't solve all our problems but the movement towards the urban sprawl has caused a lot of them.
I'll spend my life in a journey of self improvement until I finally die still miserable and alone.
Farms can exist in cities but I'm not arguing that everyone in the world should live in a city, that just wouldn't make sense.
I was going to build you a trampoline, lucky I saw this!
I see. Apologies u/Sydneytom
Not looking doesn't work either. The rise of trump has been attributed to the media ignoring conservatives too. I don't think there's any clear solution other than ensure information is accessible and circulating so that people can make up their own minds. I've heard people taking Corey's side because all they know about the situation is that he 'just made a playlist' but he didn't just make a playlist did he?
I didn't read the whole article but I didn't see it say anywhere that it banned the playlist. U/sydneytom just set the Reddit title to say that.
I don't really agree with adopting an animal so they can compensate for your social short comings. Generally people adopt pets for entertainment and companionship (just another form of entertainment really) but they are creatures with their own life, they don't exist for us. If you're going to adopt please rescue a pet from a shelter, at least help make up for someone else's bad decision. Don't buy from a farm or breeder.
Towns and suburbs are naturally lower performing than cities. It a pretty simple equation of what is efficient. It is far more efficient to have things close together, to have people living closer together and using up less space. This means building infrastructure and delivering goods and services require less resources. One set of infrastructure for a service in a city needs to be split up and spread out to deliver it to the same amount of people in suburbs or small towns. Travel distance is shortened for commuting. It's easier for markets to reach a greater audience, that includes hospitals and police. The city is a not efficient mechanism quite simply. As well as that cities provide more opportunities for community interaction. It's easier to find people who enjoy your niche interests and for the non-niche there's just more people. Naturally cities perform better socially and economically. We have some romantic ideas about living in the country or owning our own block of land but it is not terribly logical. It might work for some but overall, as you've seen in the stats, it's not as good.
Fry chopped garlic and onions until slightly brown, add tomatoes, zucchini, broccoli, along with pepper, oregano, basil, marjoram and a bay leaf. If you're an animal add mince meat. Throw in some tomato paste and red wine and let it simmer for about twenty minutes. Now it'll really look like you've been cooking when you serve her the generic brand jar of pasta sauce with your cheap spaghetti.
Or take 5 seconds to Google a recipe. All cooking is is getting the ingredients and throwing them in a pot.
I only go to r/food when I want to vomit
Meat and potatoes is fancy now?
When I started reading this I thought I was being introduced to some new cool recipe and then I was reminded how damn lazy everyone is. If you've got basil and oregano lying around you may as well make your own pasta sauce. It's so easy I have no idea why people buy it pre made.

Also the amount of energy and planning to deceive your date is concerning. You went out and bought spices to do this? It's no more effort to just cook.
I would absolutely agree. An environment where arguments can be made, tested and scrutinized is essential to find underlying truth. Yet we are probably opposites. Why do you think that may be?
ITT a bunch of elitists
The moving parts are what worries me.
Corey truly is a gift that just keeps on giving.
Frankly I don't live in Sydney so I don't care when Sydney was settled so Australia feels less relevant for me.
The playlist image is an advertisement for the Australian conservative party with subtext saying what the playlist is for Christ sake.
Both sides see their side as rational and the opposing side as illogical. Their side wants what is right and the other is wrong. I think there are core philosophical differences between the two sides and if an objective can be agreed upon then we can start to work through the best process to achieve that outcome. There's a split between the two sides that is neurological. People naturally fall into one side or the other not because it's logical but because they have an emotional predisposing that favours this viewpoint. We feel a certain way and then we post-justify that stance. If you're up to talk about it I wouldn't mind hearing more about your political views.
We're too good for that! Let's have an Australia decade!
She is not underage. Why do you think she is? 
He would
What about as a product of an advertising campaign designed to manipulate their psyche? At the end of the day what you are buying is a pile of cardboard.
I'm making comments not conducting a rampage. I don't care what you consider to be a kid. I think most people refer to 17 year olds as teenagers, not kids, though.
There are some things I don't like about it but it seems infinitely better than its competitors. What provokes your hate? What is a better choice?
Dowsett (not Dowsett) is not related to the program in any way. He's a guy who works at la trobe. That's it. No connection to Safe schools. I don't know what the context of that quote is but whether or not it is advocating pedophilia I think can't really be determined. He is likening the sense of affection with a victim to that of a parent, we haven't been told why he's making the statement and just left to assume it's justifying pedophilia.
I can't imagine it would last long enough to be used enough times for multiple games.
If the game is worth it. Otherwise you've paid $80 for a pile of cardboard.
Are you boring? Maybe other people are boring? Why do you need to like things that are popular? 
Other people don't do this? Sometimes you'll read a comment that is off the walls insane and you just have to look to see what else that person is responsible for.
Yup, fuck Spotify. I switched to SoundCloud and haven't looked back.
Perhaps but only if the parents know they are making their child fat. The first step would be ensuring parents are educated on how to correctly feed and educate their child and to know the damages of not doing this properly.
People do fucked up things when they're afraid so saying that doesn't help.
People do this with everything. Whatever you are doing right now in front of them you must have been doing forever your entire life. 
Closed beta was in 2009 right? I remember jumping into open beta the day it opened and that was like September.
To be fair if someone played league as a kid they'd still only be a teenager today.
People create so much waste and I have no idea how. I usually take out the trash once a month, and even then it's not even full.
The oldest you could be to have played league as a kid is 19. I guess that checks out.
This appears to be a comic about the Australian budget presented by treasurer Joe Hockey in 2015 or so. These are all things proposed in the budget.
I couldn't find any involvement from Gary Dowsett on the Safe schools program. Perhaps you could show me? Roz Ward was kicked off the program in 2016, are you saying that because she was on the team at one point they must all be Marxists? It would also be a fallacy to suggest that agreeing with Marx's political theory disqualifies you from producing an antibullying program. Quantifying rates of homosexuality is a difficult task to do because as I'm sure you're aware, people repress their homosexuality. Other things like bisexuality can also mislead the figure. I've seen studies that found around 40% of people were bisexuals, for a lot of people the line between bisexual and gay can be cloudy. Especially when people are coming to terms with their sexuality. I think the most commonly cited figure for homosexuality rates are about 4% but I've seen figures up around 10%. Honestly I'm not sure why it matters, accuracy is no doubt a good thing but it doesn't sound reasonable to be against a program like this because of one inconsequential number. I assume they do have a source for that figure so credibility should be aimed at the source. If I recall there was already an enquiry made into the program and the results found it to be largely satisfactory with only few recommended changes. And that was done by ministers in opposition to the program. So it all seems to me that the problem is tribalism in politics which is almost always a waste of time and a load of hot air.
This comment is pure gold.
Ya but GTA is actually a game. Asphalt is a pokies machine intricately disguised as a game.
I want to cuddle the world's deadliest cat
Sounds like a good way to get exploited but I guess famous actors are way overpaid anyway so okay.
My childhood learnings from television and such taught me that rabies was a fun little disease that makes dogs froth at the mouth and get angry. I guess there's a reason it's so notorious.
You are nothing more than a stream of energy that is cycling through a human shaped whirlpool for a few years before passing back into the ocean it came from. Whether or not it means anything is certainly meaningless.
The good news is that it's unlikely that what you get up to online is remarkable in any way and worthy of anyone's ridicule.
DW my uncle is Mexican, I'll ask him
Life is pay to win in general
Us Australians better get planting.
No need to say sorry! I really just said it because at this point why not.
Oh damn. I've been waiting so long for this! It must have been 2012 or something that it first caught my interest
I'm unemployed because I have severe panic attacks from social anxiety and agoraphobia which hasn't been going well with the interview process.
Australia is relatively empty compared to most other countries. At some point we'll struggle for space but I can't see how it will be 50 million. USA is comparable in geographical size and has a population approaching 400 million. Still the USA has plenty of space. That's not to say every inch of dirt needs to be filled with people. The way we are used to living is extremely inefficient though, we take up many times the amount of space we need to. With a little development our cities could triple in population without increasing their geographical footprint. It's all about how we decide to fit these pieces together. I think we should look at our growing population as an opportunity to design better functioning cities.
I thought it was supposed to be a joke. Like the person just thought it was funny?
Even better, fill your world with interesting ways to travel like just cause so you're not just sitting there waiting for vast stretches of land to pass by.
If I worked somewhere that considered this inappropriate I would consider working somewhere else.
Always
Inside the apple is an apple watch
The problem with personal responsibility is that everything about the market is slated against the consumer. We have very little access to the information we need to make smart purchases and that information isn't available or fairly represented in the process of buying a product. Oh wow, if I look closely I can see these coco pops have 39g of sugar? how bad is that? is that bad? who knows and certainly no one is going to look that up in the moments preceding purchasing it.
Even if it didn't deter anybody the tax would help offset some of the health costs these products produce. The tax would be on sugar though, not just coke.
We need a bot that posts a timestamp for 30% into every video
Like half of them look like this honestly
Tassie is not even slightly hipster
I know someone with a gopro. They use it to take selfies.
Really we've done the opposite.
This is all footage in factory not on site. For the most part cutting done in factory should be fine it's if any alterations need to be done on site or during repairs (wiring, plumbing, etc.) that you need to be really careful about. Some of the practices here are concerning. Like I said, SIPs are easily damaged by moisture, I saw in places they cut through the panel breaking the separation barrier but I did not see how they resealed it. I assume it was properly sealed before leaving the factory but poor manufacturing standards will lead to shorter lifespans and lower performance and if you're going for the cheaper ones this might be a bigger issue. If moisture does get inside a panel it can quickly rot the insulation and house mould. Don't be surprised if you end up having to replace a panel in a few years because of this. Despite this they are high performing and easy to use so if you've found a cheap option that suits you then sure, avoid these pitfalls and you should do fine.

No. Unless you mean more tax than current rates in the US but even then it's not the case of more or less is better. What I'm trying to say is that tax is a tool and it can be used effectively or it can be used terribly. Tax rates should be connected to the dispersion and flow of wealth through a society as well as public spending and rate of inflation. 
Can I see the video you're referring to?
I wish I could schedule emails without installing bullshit like outlook
Being happy
I came.
For anyone who didn't know Minecraft was kind of what started the Domino chain that resulted in pubg.

From my knowledge it went Minecraft which was ripped off with a bunch of zombie wilderness survival games that lead to day z becoming popular which lead to other games like h1z1 along with the culling and others then into h1z1 king of the kill which player unknown was working on until he eventually left to make battlegrounds which is now being ripped off by fortnite and paladins which was previously a rip off of overwatch and a rip off league of legends as an fps before that.
Apart from that these aren't new, they're pretty good. They have some set backs in that they can't be altered without breaking the seal and once moisture gets inside them they becomes useless. That includes things like users busting a hole in a wall or hammering in a wall hanging. They come in a few different forms and if they fit your needs then they can be great, there's a few similar options on the market but honestly there's no reason not to just build a wall correctly. All architects today are trained to specify a certain level of construction that performs to the same standard or better without the set backs. These panels can be easier to install of they fit your needs but that's the main benefit.
people love assholes.
They also have some bullshit like you're guilty until you can prove yourself innocent.
Depends on temperature too
I like online leaderboards. I usually ignore them but in some games like spelunky they are cool.
Alright. what?
Is there a word for these kind of busy scenes?
These are all really bad. I was expecting paradoxes at least.
For about 30 days of the month. Hence I end up on reddit or sometimes omegle to try to fill that void a little but in the end there is nothing to do but get used to it.

I think you should speak to a councillor though, there is no reason to feel such hatred.
Supply side economics is backwards, literally backwards. I don't mean this as a pejorative. It assumes that less tax means more money for upper bracket investors or other benefits such as business expansion and thus more economic growth. Where it goes wrong is that it assumes that investors are responsible for almost all economic force. This is incorrect. Businesses need buyers as well as sellers. Investors don't invest as an act of charity, it is not giving money away. They need a market to invest in and they expect a return. So they need consumers. Where do consumers come from? from the jobs that don't exist yet because they're waiting for investors to invest in a market that has fewer buyers because there are fewer current jobs? We need to understand economics as reactionary because ultimately it is made up of people who are reacting to the market. Businesses do not pump money into markets in the hopes of growing the economy, they react to healthy markets. Some people do gamble but the majority want stability.

So in short it leaves a big and important piece out of the picture. It won't immediately destroy an economy but over the long term it does seem to have a detrimental affect. Reagan backpedalled on it in his final years in office. Supply side advocates ran models under the CBO and repeatedly found results of no benefit or detriment. Greece doubled down into Austerity which only served to push the country further into economic turmoil and was credited as the cause of the 2008 EU economic collapse.

So whats missing out of the equation? job creation and social equality. Government spending needs to be smart, we can't just throw money out for no reason but it is also essential to offset the negative forces that naturally occur in our society and economy. Ensuring that more people have money to spend means more buyers in markets. This along with investment, investment which pays for itself through expected return, means more jobs. But it doesn't just end there, people need to be educated so they can fill in those jobs, and that money which is pumped into the market also needs to be taken back out at another level else it could potentially increase inflation to an unfavourable degree but that would depend on how money is being spent. Don't forget that public spending has it's own life and if spending increases the size of an economy then it too fights off inflation. There are a lot of different forces at play. This briefly is my understanding of them. I think it's impossible with today's technology and knowledge to have a complete image of how economies work. We are still learning in that regard. I would welcome any commenters who have another view, another slice to add to the picture.
Regardless we still call them velociraptors even though they are not velociraptors. Thanks to Jurassic park.
It's not a velociraptor. Velociraptors are small Turkey dinosaurs. More likely to be an Achillobator but I'm unsure.
The Australia skilled immigration program has actually pushed Australians out of jobs as businesses find it easier to import skilled workers than to train locals.

Why do you even bring it up? do you consider it an alternative to taking in refugees? these are two completely different things that exist for completely different reasons.
[Found this weird alligator in the street so I brought it inside, anyone know what it is?](https://i.imgur.com/OLNlZHJ.jpg)
Melbourne here, doing great. What's the problem?
Is Elliot gonna be okay?
I did this for about half a year. It was really disheartening looking back at how miserable I was every single day with maybe one or two good days a month. So I deleted it.
Can it automatically reset frequent purchases to remind me to buy more just as the last one is typically used up or out of date?
Dauntless will be free before then?
Damn. That really sucks. I hope he can fully recover. My friend luckily had people around who drove him to hospital when he broke his neck. 
There have been a handful of incidents in a city of millions of people. It stems from an issue that should be addressed if just because it illustrates how we have failed to adopt people into our society. To say people are scared to leave their homes because of African gangs paints a picture that is so extreme and untrue that it only serves to further divide and alienate an already alienated community. 
75kg
My mistake, I did not realise your original post was satire.
Meaningful jobs would be great but I don't know how you would drive that ambition in our style of society. 
Because he said it now it exists. That said crime in some African communities here is undeniable. Sudanese born Australians have a much higher crime rate than average, Dutton however does not address that issue at all with this nonsense. 
You don't need to be outside to do that.
How do you make people have a stable family unit? what boundaries? 
Better services for education, transportation, housing and Job seeking.
They need to use that money to invest in businesses importing products made with slave labour and inhumane working conditions.
It's all just marketing.

How to know if a product has been released.

Step one: Can you give them money?

Step two: Did they give you something in return?

If yes then it has been released.
I don't understand what constitutes as an independent game when so many of these were backed by publishers.
How exactly do you ensure 'good parenting'?
Police are a bandaid, improving social opportunity is a better prevention.
I think people are pretty aware at what is 'meaningful' and what is 'shallow'. People judge each others relationships all the time but in order to not face that they (or we) are shallow then they too must follow that 'deeper' understanding or character in selecting a partner. But only after that partner has passed an attractiveness test. Personally I think any kind of trait assessment in selection of a partner is shallow. Whether you want a hot guy or a smart guy your desire is just as shallow. Stop quantifying arbitrary traits and just appreciate whatever experiences we may be able to have with each other. You don't need to be attractive or smart to do things together.

I went a little off track there.
Billionaires eat for free
Everyone I know has been in some sort of trampoline incident multiple times. One ended up with a broken neck, another with a broken arm. I've had a few nasty incidents but with no serious injury. Trampolines are dangerous as shit.
When mum would not leave me alone I would ask if she wanted to do something together to which she would say she has more important things to do and go off and do those things thus leaving me alone. Funny because if I didn't she would probably spend the rest of the day being a pain in the ass.
What is so beneficial about going outside anyway?
High-rise is the way to go
If houses are close to each other line you are suggesting then they are shading each other which is serving the purpose of the eaves anyway.
To be fair researching and budgeting for Lego is also rocket surgery.
I thought the onion made a serious piece and the joke was just the music industry.
Democrats and republicans
yeah, I'm not advocating the lifestyle just saying that it is common.
Yes but don't people tend to settle into these behaviours?
and other right
Like I said, this is considering what is typical behaviour in a relationship. If you do it different that is okay but most people have different expectations.
It does help alleviate some affects of displacement because we, being the social animals that we are, adopt many of our behaviours from our community. It's not the end of the issue, like I said in my original comment, there are other factors at play that also need to be addressed too.

Why exactly would people hate someone in commission housing? Are you okay mate?
The report I read said that most of Sudanese people involved in crime were from areas like Cranbourne and Dandenong. This was what I'm basing my assessment on.
Also micro-usb which pretty unreliable, especially from third parties.
Lucky he had a sword lying around
Spending time with people generally costs you money you wouldn't otherwise spend. Eating out? Seeing a movie? all things we don't do alone and considered typical in a relationship.
I'm absolutely certain he goes around in the street trying to enslave neighbours and invading New Zealand as all Muslims do so I'll stick my assessment heavily in option number 1.
Dump a bunch of people into the poorest suburbs in Melbourne with the lowest employment rates while these people cannot speak English well enough to be employable, lack education standards needed to be employable and have limited access to services to get out of that situation and this is what you're going to see. I don't know if the gangs themselves are a beat up but there is a much higher crime rate in these communities and it's what people do.
was expecting 4k
1. He's Muslim
2. Brown skin
3. Left leaning politically
4. Presents and discusses 'left' academic ideas including ones that can be connected to Marxism.

So he's pretty much enemy number one for the alt-right
Stick the pickle in his butt. problem solved.
I tried to get my mother to play minecraft, she couldn't stop walking in tiny circles with the camera either directly pointed at the ground or the sky. She gave up after half an hour.
If I was famous I would probably walk into stores and do this
No.
> Because you're depressed doesn't mean you can't get out of bed in the morning. It means you don't want to get out of bed in the morning. Do it anyways.

Stopped reading here. If you can't get out of bed because you don't want you then you probably aren't depressed.
Are you sure this wasn't a joke?
"I've seen aliens"

"I've seen a ghost"

"I've felt gods power move through me"

are the most common ones I run into.
For those saying that paying a subscription is better because it encourages you to go, if that works for you that's great but the vast majority of people waste their memberships do for the general public it is better advice to withhold.

Some reading on the subject: https://www.npr.org/sections/money/2014/12/30/373996649/why-we-sign-up-for-gym-memberships-but-don-t-go-to-the-gym
It's only not cost effective if you're in the habit of going to the gym which if you are the this doesn't apply to you. For the vast majority of people the chances are they will not use their membership and for them this approach would save them money.
The gyms near me charge $4-8 for entry without a membership. I had just assumed it was like that everywhere but I'm not surprised to learn that other gyms would only allow members entry.
I would say the Australian Bolognese. Not sure if it's unique to Australia but here we put in 500g of mincemeat. It was a staple in the diets of everyone I knew growing up.
Alright, I'm out. This sub had a good run. 
I'm going to guess they're filled with reinforced concrete.
They are destroying the west with cultural Marxism don'tcha know.
Aren't they turning female frogs into male frogs? not making them gay?
If you can make money off it then it must be good a righteous.
Ocean, sewage farm, what's the difference?
Social Mobility
I see no ads on mine but I hate the service. I pay just so I can play audio in the background, they have literally programmed in bullshit that serves no purpose other than annoy people just so they have to pay to avoid it.
It's odd that the party exists to decriminalise sex work and move away from "the norwegian model" when we don't use that model and in Australia Sex work is entirely legal.

>Work with peer-based sex worker organisations in the Asia-Pacific region to tackle criminalisation and issues relating to migration of people engaged in sex work.

What does this even mean?
"What website did you find it on? They must have other good stuff." -mom
What about people who like it because they think it should be more visible?
What
An easier way would be just to list the weight
Now how to get it off
I don't know. Maybe if items could be tracked so police could find the person who purchased the item and fine them for the litter? Just an idea.
Not even close.
Not the first, just the most popular.
If it helps you don't sound old. You don't sound old at all...
Apple was having a fair amount of success with that before windows 95.
It would help if you pointed to the things you felt were utopian. You've just made a blanket statement that is probably true as it is true for the general population but you've come to that conclusion in a completely fallacious method. What is posted on latestagecapitalism are jokes so they're often not literal but rather an exaggeration. Regardless the people who post and comment there make up a very small minority which is selective by nature, you are assuming that they are all socialist and the general population of the sub you are also assuming are socialist. 
The last thing is that you've not articulated your own knowledge of economics, so you're expressing that you know more than a group without showing how you're judging them and comparing that to a hidden value. You're post seems to indicate that you believe that economics is wholly understood, I assure you this is not the case. Economists are still in stark disagreement and economic modelling is repeatedly incredibly inaccurate. That's not to say they are incompetent, but economics is far from understood. Unless you know something they do not?

What exactly is your exposure to left wing economics? How much have you read on socialist or left wing political and economic theory? Marx? Keynes? Picketty? Etc. We can't talk about these things without you putting forward your disagreements. 

I'd like to add that I think left wing political theory is inherently utopian as what drives many (everyone?) on the left is a desire to develop the best society (for everyone) possible. So paradise, literally utopia. Often in conflict with Christian and other religious ideals that diminish earthly suffering by introducing spiritual paradise. Which I would say is far more unbelievable. So if they are utopian you'll have to tell us why that is bad in and of itself. Many of the things we have today would have been considered utopian in the past.
So if you're too scared to post your picture publicly in a taboo subreddit you must be attractive? Great logic...
Play freecell solitaire. No luck, all skill.
Nice relative privation. 
DEPORT "a member of the public" !
The only game I've ever bought on release was skyward sword.
/u/lick_my_feet is gonna like this.
Was a vegetarian. My doctor told me to stop when my ass started bleeding.
Haven't used OKC in a while but this really is a necessary change. Every message I sent I was aware that it'd be one amongst hundreds any woman on their would be getting that day.
Maybe one day you'll grow up and realise bullshit like this doesn't even matter. But just maybe.
I am
Isn't it ironic that in the modern age we look to our leaders to make society need more work.
In what part of the world do people say freezed?
So I think none of these things make someone a functioning adult. No income, no house, no education, etc.
Ravo represent
Could have already shown it turned on.
What's wrong with shrimp?
We work longer and harder than ever before in history while life has never been more lonely and uncertain and we have access to information and the downtown to reflect on it.
That's what you get for sucking money out of Vic and NSW for the last 70 years.
But as an Australian I identify with this branding as part of our culture. DAE eat vegemite? So Australiun
No! you need a monthly subscription for this thing you might use once a year!
I really gotta get into meth
**Dirty Bomb** - a free online shooter that is the fastest most intense shooter I've played.


**Wakfu** - a free tactics MMO, great with a friend, not too demanding, really relaxed.


**Path of Exile** - A singleplayer/ co-op diablo style ARPG. has some of the most complex and rewarding systems in any game I've ever played. Gameplay is run of the mill but that's not the point.


**Warframe** - a pretty descent third person singleplayer/ co-op shooter.


**Gigantic** - A great little ability/ spell based third person objective team shooter.


**Battlerite** - A great competitive 'ARPG'


**Krosmaga** - A unique little card game mixed with plants vs zombies kind of game. I love it because it's not nearly based on luck as much as other card games. I hate card games.

**Tera** - probably the biggest free mmo offering out there and maintains a high level of quality


**Blade and Soul** - An upgrade to tera's combat system but otherwise a run of the mill MMO, not to say it's bad. it's still very good.


Honourable mentions:


Team fortress 2 - doesn't support 100 FOV but if that's not an issue for you go ahead.


Dota 2 - don't play this game



>If you know nothing about it don't look it up. Just play it!

totallynotatrap
You're probably right. I was under the assumption that the words were largely interchangeable.
Thanks! I'll give them a look. 
I hadn't thought of that, I'll give it a go!
Thank you! I'll definitely be checking these out and looking for more.
Don't donkey vote, submit a blank ballot.
It shouldn't be an option because people will select it to avoid thinking about their preference. If you don't like the candidates you can submit a blank vote.
So he could turn up and not vote? Submit a blank ballet. Don't fuck with the system that ensures reduced disenfranchising.
Goes for most classes, let's just get rid of schools completely.
Public schools is Marxism.
Just out of interest, what have you got against the greens?
Roz Ward? The one who was kicked off the board and has been trying to trash their reputation? Let's base our judgement on one quote from them instead of looking at what Safe schools is actually teaching.
It still matters.
Unless you get one of the many deals out there that give you unlimited data to select sites, usually Netflix or shit like that.
We already lost it? We have speed throttling, data caps, and specific sites that these limits don't apply to. America will probably get worse because their companies are more brutal which might normalise it and make things worse here though.
Gunyah, Goondie + Wurley: The Aboriginal Architecture of Australia
Book by Paul Memmott has a lot about the kinds of buildings aboriginal Australians built and also the berry farming I referenced, he has written many books on the subject (aboriginal structures and settlements) but that is the only one I have read. And about the rice I stumbled upon recently in The interpretation of fairy tales by Marie-Louise von Franz where she talks about the stories aboriginal women would tell to 'help' their rice crops grow.
No PCs though?
You'd honestly rather meaningless sponsored entertainment than an informative review?
I'd also like to point out "12.2% of young Australians experience psychological distress" under "they only have themselves to blame"
The children truly only have themselves to blame.
The northern aboriginals were pretty incredible with multistory buildings and rice farming too. They built from timber and grass unlike the stone buildings to the south but their rice crops were more advanced than the berry farming that went on down south.
No! fuck you. I want this to come back. I missed out.