I get that it's a rule, and rules are rules etc. but it's human nature to grab the closest thing to you when you're falling.
> Shorts are legal to grab in MMA. 

No they aren't. Grabbing the shorts of an opponent is a foul in the unified rules.

Nothing about grabbing your *own* shorts though. Not really clear who's shorts he was grabbing.


The superfight that never was.
As long as no one was hurt, and the other driver's insurance pays for everything... why sue?
Get a grip dude. Seriously. It's a bunch of kids playing baseball. 
You realise that WWE is all scripted?

Or is it all still real to you, damnit!
> showboating brat

Jesus man it's a bunch of kids playing baseball
Fuck sake. I never even tried this but got so angry because it's so hard to dodge.

Thanks for the tip.
Not the OP, and I also think it's funny, but there's a difference between criticising it and mocking it.

There's a definite superiority complex in /r/Android when talking about XDA, but at the end of the day that's where we all go for android development.
How small is your school?
How is that any different from SMS?

If you have someone's number and they have WhatsApp you are able to contact them via WhatsApp. If you have someone's number you are able to send them an SMS. Where's the difference?

I honestly don't see your point...
That is honestly the biggest example of first world problems I've ever heard.
Yeah and you'd definitely serve prison time. /s

Easy to judge when you aren't in the same situation.
That's a bold claim considering the fight lasted 40 seconds and he won by TKO after knocking him down...
Yep, I did it a little while after posting my comment. Now I'm even more excited!
I was a little disappointed because I was expecting a showdown with Odin or at least Thor.

But I guess they'll get their own games dedicated to them, so I can't be too disappointed! 

I can't believe how much I enjoyed this game. I haven't really picked up a game and played it though in a long time - I get so easily bored these days. Couldn't put this one down though.
But you still shouldn't be picking your phone up whilst driving. It isn't making driving unsafe - if you choose to pick up the phone to readjust the volume then *you're* making it unsafe.
This one broke me
Yes, and everyone on Reddit follows that rule and exclusively uses it for comments that don't add to the discussion.
I'm the polar opposite - nice full beard, barely any body hair. It's pretty great.
For some reason I still always read this through to the end.
OG or 2nd gen?

Either way, that's still pretty impressive as they both had some pretty serious flaws that rendered them useless after a while.
Moment of Clarity by Jay-Z is one of my all-time favourite rap songs. The beat is absolutely perfect.

Produced by none other than Eminem. 

He definitely doesn't need Rick producing his tracks.
Honestly I just assumed his sets were just him playing Sandstorm a bunch of times.
I've had my Note 8 for 5/6 months now and haven't accidentally pressed it more than a handful of times. 
There's absolutely no way that's true.
You can't really claim someone is breaking the law because of *your* interpretation of a license agreement...
I'm aware of the GPL, however I'm unaware of how this applies to the bootloader. Afaik they're required to release kernel source code, but nothing about the bootloader.

If a locked down bootloader was contravention of the GPL then half the carriers in the US wouldn't be compliant.

Blackberry also don't allow unlocking of the bootloader for security reasons.
This is like the 5th comment you've made in this thread alone stating that exact same thing. 
Honest question - how are they breaking the law?
No one's saying he's categorically *not* on anything. But if the current methods of testing being used to determine if he's doping can't determine that he's doping, I believe that should be enough for the benefit of the doubt. 

Whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty?


I agree on all counts besides still slightly wet.

I *hate* being in bed if I'm not totally dry.
Ok so I guess nobody gets the benefit of the doubt then. 

Although he wasn't tested anywhere close to 500 times according to USADA.
THUG2 just didn't have the same enjoyment for me. It was too silly and jackass-y.
And the iron man skin
I remember the first time I replayed it and got hyped for skating some sick lines again to beat him, then BAM!

Great alternative ending.
Basically the same thing, yeah. 
Because he's a wrecking machine and Stipe has been knocked out before?

I had Stipe in that fight but it's very clear why anyone would pick Ngannou. He puts people out cold. 
I just can't choose.

I'm gonna be upset if either guy gets knocked out.
He's slept overeem, werdum, wrestlefucked Ngannou, stopped JDS, Hunt and Arlovski... Pretty solid competition imo.
Mine will gently take it from you, lick off any gravy or other coating and drop it on the floor in front of you.

She can't be tricked.
Exactly. If you can't give someone the benefit of the doubt after multiple tests and never pissing hot, who *can* you give it to?
That's not the point - a good defense is its own reward. Constantly missing shots exacerbates fatigue and causes frustration.

Also, it was a close fight but if Dom didn't move like he does and TJ landed those strikes he likely would've won. 

Just because you aren't scored on making your opponent miss doesn't mean it's not a massively important part of the fight.
Yeah it's like trying to emulate Roy Nelson or something - getting punched in the face and not getting knocked out works well for him, but doesn't necessarily mean it'll work for you.

Dom has such odd movement that it's fundamental to how he fights - it's hard to emulate that successfully to the same level.
Because it's nice to have options regarding customisation. 

Not everyone is comfortable committing to replacing the housing on their switch and joycons.
Spotify is garbage with Chromecast. Constantly having to reconnect.
I think most people would've had a different opinion on it, but it was a super slow episode at the end of a super slow half-season. It was like they were intentionally trying to drag things out as long as possible.
I might give FTWD another go as I'm feeling pretty uninspired as to what to watch at the minute.
She'd been absent from the show for 5 episodes then suddenly we get an entire episode about her when it should've been building towards the mid season finale.

Instead it was an entire episode about nothing, since she didn't convince the women to fight with them. 

That whole episode could've been condensed down into a 10 minute scene in another episode.

Also that "tense" scene on the bridge with the walkers was the least tense scene of the season. It was just a really poor episode imo.
I soured to the series in season 7 after we got a whole episode dedicated to Tara in episode 6.

I saved the last 5 episodes of season 8 and it was fairly enjoyable that way. There's not enough going on in each episode to watch an hour a week, but there's just enough to make a 4 hour marathon enjoyable enough.

I straight up ditched FTWD after the death of the only character that made the show worth watching. No spoilers, but they were the only redeeming character in the whole show. Noped out of there once they bit the dust.
> I am not any kind of expert, but I have personally seen plenty with these labels.

Oh I'm not doubting you or anything, I've just never actually looked for a label on a claw machine before.
I didn't realise this. I've never actually noticed a claw machine with a label on that details this in the same way a fruit machine would.

That said - it's still shady. The "gambling" aspect should be on the positioning of the claw and whether of not you can grip it right, not whether or not the machine has been fed enough money to stop it intentionally dropping the prize.
It hasn't been blended at all. All it needs it tapering down into the grade 1 and it'll look fine.

Probably needs to go a bit shorter on top to draw attention away from the chunk missing from his fringe though...
Lightweight is stacked, it's just tied up.
Yep - it's in settings > advanced features > fingerprint gestures
Err... Yeah I already mentioned that in my comment
Applanet was awesome back when I was a kid and didn't have a debit card to use for app purchases. 
You can also bring down the notification shade by swiping down on the fingerprint scanner.

And on oreo, if you swipe down twice it opens the quick settings panel. Never used to do that on nougat.
It really drives me nuts. Every single fight on every event. 
This really annoys me. Happens all the time in my town - people just wind their window down while they're driving and dump out a load of fast food waste and coffee cups etc. It's disgusting.
Loved my first gen. Sent my second gen back after a couple of days as it had a defect on the underside of the glass. It was a nice device though.
M8 was too rounded - they took a step back in design with the m8 imo.
Saved my accumulator since that part of the bet was void.

Thanks Herb!
I said in my first post that it was creepy... literally my whole point was that I didn't think it was bad enough to label him a "vile human" as the guy I was replying to said. That's it.
Yep you're correct, it's just a number - and in my country, and the majority of states in America, it's the number at which someone is able to give consent to sex.

So according to 31 out of 50 states in America, what he did was perfectly legal, while it was illegal in 19. If he were one state over where it was legal would it still be wrong because another state says it is?

You say there's no real difference between 15 and 16, but in most states you're allowed to drive at 16. There's no real difference between 15 and 16, they're both still children after all... Children who are allowed to enter into a 2 tonne piece of metal and hurtle down a highway at 70mph.

Don't get this mixed up - I openly said that if the age of consent in the state they were in was 18 then it's criminal and punishable by law. 
Sure - if legal, consensual sex with a 16 year old is molestation, I guess I better sign the register

Note - I'm not currently having sex with a 16 year old. That was a long time ago, when we were both 16... I feel like this may get taken out of context
I don't like Pat Barry. I don't know the guy. I've watched him fight a few times - I know who he is, I don't like or dislike him.

I've known 16 year olds in relationships with 30+ year olds, and like I said it's a bit creepy, but I don't think it's downright "vile", and certainly not illegal.

I have a bias because where I'm from it's not illegal - it's not even immoral. We deem the age of consent to be 16, and therefore there's nothing illegal or immoral about it, hence why I don't really see the problem with it happening elsewhere in the world - if that breaks laws in certain places then yes it should be punishable by law in that jurisdiction.

Would you think he was a vile human if they started a relationship in a state where the age of consent is 16? 
Isn't Mr Manhattan always naked anyway?
> It doesn’t matter “how you see it”

It absolutely does. My whole point was that I personally wouldn't see this as justification for calling him a "vile human" as you put it.

I didn't say it wasn't criminal in the jurisdiction it took place. What I said was that here in the UK it's not illegal, so I personally don't see it as totally wrong. I didn't say you were wrong for thinking him a "vile human", I literally just gave my perspective.

I think you need to chill out, dude.
I didn't say they were...

I gave my perspective on the subject as an outsider. As someone who lives somewhere where the age of consent is 16 I don't see it as disgusting and vile, I see it as "eeh it's a bit creepy. He should probably find someone his own age".
"child" is relative at that age. 

In the UK the age of consent is 16. Up until around 10 years ago you could buy cigarettes at 16. And good luck trying to get a children's bus ticket at 16...

Joking aside, from my perspective where it's totally legal, it's a bit creepy for a 30 year old to be seeing a 16 year old, but I don't think I'd label him a "vile human" because of it.
not knowing is part of the fun!
You gotta have a password manager to manage your password for your password manager... everyone knows that.
I was 6 rows back and if I went again I'd buy cheaper seats. Every time it went to the floor I had to watch the screens - couldn't see a damn thing because you're pretty much eye-level with the canvas.
> This seems like an incredibly easy solution to the problem, although it’ll never be implemented so long as the people selling the tickets are profiting from scalpers

This is apparently what they're doing with the latest Arctic Monkeys tour - the only way you can resell tickets is through Twickets at face value. It'll be interesting to see if they're actually checking ID's on the door.
I didn't even try to get tickets after the fucking fiasco that the last UK event was.

Imo Ticketmaster is the worst possible choice of ticket partners.

Ended up with 2 Arctic Monkeys tickets instead. 
Some dogs just like to fuck with us, I'm sure of it. Like they have little dog meetings to decide what's the weirdest thing they can get away with without us realising they're up to something.

Well they aren't fucking fooling me.
That's why you view any of their articles with an ad-blocker and a healthy pinch of salt.
What exactly is your point?

GSP has been diagnosed with a digestive disorder, of which one of the side effects is weight loss and difficulty digesting and absorbing nutrients. This isn't some sort of conspiracy.
Refer the the section where I said GSP struggled to keep weight on at 185.

If You're struggling to keep weight to fight at 185 then you can cut to 170. Plus he's been diagnosed with colitis, which is accompanied by weight loss. It's highly unlikely he'll ever fight at 185 again.
> There is no reason to assume he could still make WW

Before his return he considered returning at 155.

During his training camp he was struggling to keep weight on at 185. 

He dropped the 185 title because if he fights again it'll be at 170 or 155. 

There's every reason to assume he can still make 170.
He won a belt in another division other than his own, that's essentially the whole concept of p4p. It's not just how *good* someone is, it's how they'd fare against other fighters if weight wasn't an issue.

So far he's proved successful at that - he thoroughly demolished the 155 champion, and has a win at 170. Like him or not, he's earned a spot somewhere in the p4p rankings.
You're being needlessly dickish.
The only games I've ever experienced this with are the GTA franchise, MGS series and The Last of Us.
Yeah I find it hard to believe they'd split the divisions down the middle. Your theory makes more sense.
My grandmother used to call me and my older brother "dildo" when we did something stupid. We had no idea what it meant, and my mum made her stop saying it before we found out what it meant. 

It still makes me laugh because she is literally the biggest prude I know, freely calling her grandkids dildos.
It's because it's coming from the president of a $4bn company, who is worth many millions himself.

It's fucking hilarious to see someone in that sort of position call someone a dildo. I don't care what anyone says, I don't ever want our Goof to go.
Just look at Alex and squint - he's basically a bearded Fedor.
That's such an insignificant thing to be furious about.
I'll be sure to check them out.

I also need some replacement DS3 sticks as the rubber/plastic in mine has started to break down - it's secreting oil which is pretty gross.
Hmm fair enough.

I replaced mine back when the PS4 launched due to the issues with the first batch of sticks peeling after light use, and I've really enjoyed how they feel. I prefer the grippier texture compared to the regular ones.

Having used them for so long now the regular ones feel too short for me. 
If you want to upgrade your Ds4 game, replace the sticks with XB One sticks. They fit perfectly and really just top off the controller nicely.
I have had the very occasional accidental touch, usually when I'm holding it in such a way that my palm is resting against the very bottom of the screen. This has literally only happened a handful of times in the 5 months I've owned it. It's a non-issue for me.

I can't say I'm in love with the curved screen functionality wise, but it definitely doesn't hinder my usage of the phone in any way, and I love how it makes the side bezels basically non-existent. 
Even with a small puck style wireless charger, I can't say I've experienced this issue more than 5 times in 6 years since the Nexus 4. 

It's really just not that difficult to put it down on the pad correctly. It's still less effort than plugging it in.
You're correct. I believe this sanction comes from failing to give a sample, which counts as a failed sample.
I'm now convinced that's what happening. 
I thought the same. I hated the s7 edge and thought I'd never like curved edges, but the Note 8 is beautiful. 
I'm 25 and the ear hairs have begun.
That's not strawman. You literally said 

>  wouldn't want some middle aged person 

implying that the age of the person was a determining factor as to why you wouldn't want it.
Lightweight now has an active champion and an injured interim champion. 

That's the exact opposite of how these situations should be, and it's right to strip Tony.

The only way Tony doesn't get stripped is if they make him champion and Khabib the interim, which honestly makes as much sense as khabib being the champion after beating the #11th ranked guy.

We wouldn't be in this mess if they stopped handing out interim belts like participation trophies.
Seems these days they just hand a belt to the winner of the #1 contender fight so they can market a reunification bout.

Reunification bouts used to be exciting, now they're just par for the course.
Yeah he's from Sheffield, minor error on my part.

It's about 6 miles from Rotherham, and the little village I'm from sits just outside of Rotherham, 11 miles away from High Green where he's from, so the accents are the same - a broad yorkshire accent.
He comes from Rotherham, which is where I was brought up. 

I never realised until watching this video, but his accent is so broad. It's weird seeing someone famous with this accent.
Jason X was such a ridiculous film, and I loved every second of it.

As a kid it was the first Friday film that I saw after Freddy vs. Jason, so it always holds a special place in my heart.

"It's ok! He just wanted his machete back!"
why?

If you don't want to spend extra for additional content on top of the base game, then don't. 

Others like to extend their time with a game by purchasing additional content for it. Don't begrudge them that because you don't want to spend money on extra stuff.

When you buy a base wardrobe from IKEA, do you get pissed that you have to pay extra for the optional extras, such as extra shelves or drawers? 
Only for consumers. 
It's pretty much my favourite animal. Bred for it's skills in magic.
No way, his wife wouldn't let him. He already put a hole in the garage wall.
I think we're getting too bogged down in semantics. 

The definition of "vapourware" is 

> software or hardware that has been advertised but is not yet available to buy, either because it is only a concept or because it is still being written or designed.

This pretty much fits the bill. It falls under the "still being designed" category, as this is a prototype and not a final design. The form factor they're demonstrating is nothing new, and is very reminiscent of the Nokia N95. 

when they have a working prototype we can start taking it seriously - otherwise this is literally a dummy phone that you'd expect to see in a phone store. 
No way Rogan praises him. Schaub probably will though.
Did she seriously expect him to even hear her from half way across the street with a heckling crowd surrounding them?
No,we want a fight, not a prison murder.
He's fucking awesome!
Which is still $10m more than /u/raleigh8989 estimated + previous earnings, over $10m each for his last two UFC fights, BK sponsorship money, the various other sponsors he has... I'd be incredibly surprised if he was worth less than $50m even with all the expensive shit he's bought.
I don't think they'd want to be seen as using this event as promotional footage - it's bad enough that it happened, don't want to make it worse by using it to promote the fight.

Edit - well looks like I was wrong.
> (the prototype in the video is just a dummy)

I didn't even realise until you pointed that out.

So as it stands this is just vapourware at the minute. 
Probably because if he stepped off the bus he'd have likely been hit in the face by a projectile and been prevented from fighting on Saturday.

Staying on the bus doesn't make him a pussy, it makes him smart for avoiding being a) injured and b) involved in a brawl and possibly been charged with a crime and deported from America.
> they're delinquents but if it's a black dude they're thugs.

There's really no difference between being a delinquent and a thug. They're both words used to describe essentially the same thing. No need to make it a racial thing.
Yeah safety glass is enough to cause cuts to the face, regular glass would've cut his face clean off.

Safety glass is still glass, it's just coated and treated so it doesn't break into huge shards and instead shatters and (mostly) stays together. 
I've literally been out of the house and away from reddit for 5 hours and this shit goes down.

What. the. fuck.
I'm not sure if I had the update or not - I picked it up pretty far into its life cycle when they had a sale. 

I seem to recall people reporting that the ghost touches were still registering, they just did some software trickery to get around it. 

Either way, it was a solid phone and I absolutely loved the design. Maybe I'll pick one up to keep as a backup phone.
BJ went from legend to Pencil stance. It was sad to see his decline from being an all time great.
Looks like I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue
I loved mine until the screen started acting up.

I never bought into the whole "the screen issues are caused by heat" until I went to Spain. On the first hot day the screen just went nuts.

Ended up returning it and getting a Z3 compact - what a mistake that was.
Ok, that makes literally no difference since this whole comment thread is in relation to the new Spiderman game, which is a PS4 exclusive...

What do you think 

> yeah, i'll care when it's available for PC.

Was referring to? An exclusive ps4 game being available on PC.
If the real title is on the line and the interim title can't be defended then the interim title should be dissolved. Makes no sense to have the champion actively fighting while the interim sits out with injury - that's the exact opposite of what the interim title is for.
> You don't know what exclusive means. right? So I guess you won't care cause its ps4 only

That was the parent comment to that post.

Isn't this fun?
We're in thread about a PS4 exclusive title, where the comment you replied to was a direct reply relating to this game coming to PC. 
"2gb of ram is just totally overkill on Android"
By the time a working, playable PS4 emulator is released you'll be able to pick up a PS4 for £40 and games for £4 a piece. 
Crazy how much the tides turned in one generation.
Fucking Watson. 
Did you read the comment before replying or...?
I'm neither defending it or bashing it. It could have been handled a little better, and their response has been less than ideal, but at the end of the day it's a nightly build that shouldn't be installed on devices where the user isn't willing to mess around with it if something goes wrong. There have been instances in the past where nightly builds have had serious bugs in them - this ROM shouldn't be being installed on their parent's device's like in all these imaginary scenarios people are coming up with.

There's a reason these pranks are rolled out in nightly builds and not stable/milestone releases, or whatever they're calling them now.

Edit - so I'm reading that there's no stable builds or equivalent now... that makes things kind of different. Probably not a great idea then in hindsight.
I'm no expert, so I can't help.

Edit - Although, there's a reason the Bullet Ant is referred to as the Bullet Ant. Watch his video on that - My guess is a bit of it is over dramatisation, but I'm guessing it's pretty painful. Also it lasted about 30 hours.
Yep, not what I wanted to see.
Although I wasn't the OP, I think it's pretty clear it was hyperbole. 

That said - there's a reason the majority of companies don't go installing LienageOS on their devices.

And to go back to the original point regarding this prank being rolled out to company devices - why would a company install a nightly build of a ROM on their phone? That's pretty insane. 
What's your point?

We're talking about individuals installing custom firmware vs companies rolling it out to all of their users.
No because we're individuals who install the software at our own risk, not a company installing it on potentially thousands of phones with potential security risks for their whole business.

You said it yourself - we're installing to get newer features on older devices. Companies don't care about new features, they want security. 
Yeah I know what you mean. I remember comparing my Desire HD to my friends iPhone 4 and thinking it made mine look about a decade outdated.
Remember when holding a belt in the UFC actually meant something? 

I 'member.
Imo the iPhone 5 took what was great about the 4 and made it better.
Or he's realised that MMA fighters get ripped off by the promotions and wants a decent cut like he got in the Mayweather fight.

Dana offered Joshua £300m+ to fight in the UFC. Conor isn't gonna fight for a $2m purse again.
It's more likely that they weren't willing to pay the no doubt ludicrous amount of money he'd want.
Oh woe is you.
Only to those who know what a Sonos One looks like...
Haven't seen or even thought of this in years, but still vividly remember Homer shouting "See you in hell!"
I think the M7 is the best looking phone. The m8 was too rounded for me.

The legend before that was even better imo.
Rik Mayall as Peeves would have been amazing. 
Not really a problem when you're listening on your commute to work or on a plane or something.

Sure I'll use the wire occasionally - but it's not like the difference in quality is so massive that you might as well use a cup and string.
The 2008 era unibody macbooks have better trackpads than most laptops in 2018, which is pretty crazy.

Going from my macbook to my work laptop is pretty terrible because the trackpad is so small and terrible in comparison.
> Buy bluetooth headphones, which need separate charging (oh and they pretty much all use microUSB; yay for USB-C ubiquity?)

While I get your point, my Bluetooth headphones need charging once every couple of weeks. It's a really mild inconvenience, and it's one I choose even though my phone has a headphone jack. For me, not having the wire dangling around outweighs the requirement to charge it.
Same for the MacBooks, too.

I don't care what you tell me, and what I know, god damn it this thing *clicks*. It's so convincing. You can go one "click" deeper too, and it genuinely feels like you're pressing it down further.
The Nexus 6 was just unnecessarily loud. I had to root that phone just to reduce the vibration intensity.
She has a small heart tattoo and one that says "ROTTEN"... not sure where you're getting phallic shapes from
Can confirm. Saw some guy over the weekend that'd had it done.

The back and sides were gray/black, but the top was close to blue.

They'd also butchered his hairline. It looked way worse than just being bald.
I think you misunderstood what I meant - I don't mean portrait mode. I've found that the google camera app does a better job of that anyway. I mean when you need to get a real closeup picture for something, for example when listing something for sale and you need to take a closeup picture of damage etc.

The normal lens usually won't focus because it's too close, so you can switch to the secondary camera at the same distance and get a closer shot.

I use it whenever I sell something online because it lets you get clearer shots of minor scratches etc that you wouldn't be able to get with the normal camera.
It's possible, but it's likely that when the update servers get switched off, the servers for downloading the game will also get switched off, meaning the digital version can't be downloaded if needed, whereas the physical copy would still be playable - albeit without the patches etc.
It's not the larger screen that I dislike, it's the awkward curve of the screen and the oddly wide side bezels. It looks like a cartoon drawing of a phone.
I love the design of the Pixel 2, but the 2XL is hideous.
You realise the physical version will get the update too?
> try doing that with a note 8.

I do that every single day with no issues in suit trousers and slim fit jeans.
The secondary camera comes in real handy when you need to take a closeup of something.

When you get to the point where you can't get any closer to your subject without it being blurry, just switch to the secondary camera.
> If your product causes the users pain, you bet your ass that is a legitimate excuse for pirating.

No, it really isn't.

It's an excuse to pay for premium or to use a different service. Not liking how they run their *free* service isn't a legitimate excuse to steal it when there's a paid option that solves the issue.
I like the phrase "nipped off".

For example, "I just curled one out and nipped it off at the end"
these people are the kind of people who wouldn't buy premium regardless. The ads being "too loud" is a pathetic excuse.
Wasn't it released in 2014? And only 1gb of ram. Quite impressive it's lasted this long.
> This notch strictly exists because consumers wanted more in the screen size in as small a profile as possible

That isn't the reason at all. It exists because Apple did it - that's the only reason. Essential did it first and no one cared. Then Apple did it so every other manufacturer jumped onboard.

Also - who's this "everyone" that's demanding bezeless phones? 
My local store has been shut for weeks... No sale for me I guess. Next closest is 35 miles away.
Imo, the Stipe/Ngannou promo was the best they've done in a long time.

I was already hyped for that fight, but that promo sent me into overdrive. 
I honestly don't mind that at all. Imo the pixel 2 looks 1000x better than the 2 XL. 
Yeah I tried wear 2.0 with my Huawei watch and some useful features/shortcuts were removed. It took one step forward and two steps back in terms of usability.

I've actually been considering getting something like a ticwatch 2 or an alternative that doesn't run android like a gear S3.
I can't count how many times I've watched this. Such a good promo, and the music choice is on point.
That's totally subjective though. I really like the design of the regular Pixel 2, so it's not a flaw for me.
Just these last couple of days I've been considering getting an LG Watch Style as my third attempt at getting into Android Wear. 

I think I'll reconsider. After all, there's a reason I sold my Moto 360 and then my Huawei watch.
Yeah at first I laughed, but then he backs away and the Llama is just stood there... it can't help being ugly. It's just a Llama dude, no need to freak out.
And maybe a light raincoat. 

Unless you're from up north, in which case neither are required.
That's just ignorant.

It's a criminal offence to prepare for anything other than inclement weather, not mild weather. 

Educate yourself before you start spreading misinformation online.
Wa'er. Puar wa'er. And it tastes... Just like any other wa'er. It tastes, ae fuck all!

cheers!
I didn't mean for that to sound like you somehow caused it. 

Each tool is partially assembled by hand and checked before shipping out, so things like this shouldn't happen, but it seems like it's been happening more and more lately. I think they need to step up their quality control again.
Isn't Stipe married? What's he doing with an escort?

/s
I used to do this all the time, but then i realised it might make me come across as a story topper. 
This should have never made it through QC. Each tool is supposed to be checked before leaving the factory.
Here in the UK there are also "free" shopping carts. Some places require £1 to take them, but where I live it's mostly "free" carts.
I wish I still had mine. It was such a cool device.

Shame Nokia stopped support for it before portrait mode was ever fully implemented, and that Meego never took off.
Looks like you have some grime stuck between the glass and frame. 
I sent mine off for a repair on the micro usb port. 

Was kinda disappointed when I got the N9 back as a replacement. It was a great phone and all, but the N900 was just awesome.
How many of these clear phone mods is he going to make? It's getting as bad as Austin's "Ultimate [whatever] build" or "is [whatever] worth it?"
I wanted one of these so bad.

Ended up with a Nokia N900 instead. Was dope.
Nice strawman. 
Yeah although dreads might not be for everyone, these actually look quite good.
Those traitorous bastards.
My assumption is that the guy came in for a fixup of a bad haircut he'd received.
I prefer the Note simply because the curved corners aren't as curved as the s8/s9.

I also love the horizontal camera layout on the Note 8 - I think the s9 vertical layout looks ugly. I can appreciate the placement of the fingerprint reader though 
If everyone ditches the jack then there's gonna be no phones to vote with.
It won't make a difference. Oneplus don't really have that much input into the design, their phones are clones of OPPO with better specs. 
Haven't they already announced a notched phone?
It's weird that Samsung is basically the last bastion of hope for android phones. 

There's lg, too, but they're on a slippery slope.
Unrelated, but I had no idea you could create folders. Thanks for the unintentional tip!
I've never seen this as an issue. Just create a playlist of the album
I've honestly lost all interest in watching cyborg beat up smaller women.
There's a huge difference between intentional public displays of nudity and being seen taking a shit.

I'd get my dick out in front of my girlfriend, but I wouldn't take a shit in front of her. They're two totally different things.
I honestly think Apple just hold meetings every year and Cook is like, "ok guys, what's the most ridiculous thing we could do that everyone else will blindly follow?" and they just try and outdo themselves every year.

I for one look forward to the day when Android manufacturers remove the battery in all their devices.
Those are two distinctly separate things. I wouldn't consider myself puritanical at all, but I don't want someone looking through a gap in a door to see if I'm shitting.
Some are completely enclosed with a full door and walls, like their own little room, but most are like the US with gaps at the bottom but no gaps at the side. 

99% of public bathrooms have "engaged/vacant" signs on them so no peeking required. 
In the UK there's usually [something like this](http://blog.simplymarketingjobs.co.uk/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/engaged_1521810c.jpg) that changes when the door is locked/unlocked.
No idea.

My best guess is for preventing drug use or other suspect activities or whatever.
>A bar I used to go to

Yeah I can see why you don't go there anymore!
For some weird reason it's really, *really* common to have a quarter inch gap between the door and the frame in the USA. It's the weirdest fucking thing for a nation so concerned with privacy and spying etc.
Oh yeah, that too. 

I ended up removing them all because of this.
The only thing the Nexus line ever had going for it was the processor and RAM configurations.

Before the 6p they had terrible batteries, average screens, poor cameras, no Micro SD (after the Nexus One) and average build quality. 

They were great for the price, but they were by no means flagships like people remember them. I went through 4 Nexus 4s before I got one that didn't have random white spots on the screen, and every single one I ever had (around 8) had the earpiece buzzing issue.
I had 2 Nexus 5s and my brother had 1, and they both cracked in this exact spot.

The frame also started peeling pretty badly.

And many people suffered from the stuck power button issue.
It's not really irrelevant when you consider the sacrifices the Nexus 5 made to get to that price point - Poor camera, terrible battery life and poor build quality. (it was nice looking and nice to hold, but the actual quality was subpar.)

The only thing the Nexus 5 had going for it was the Snapdragon 800 and a mediocre 1080p LCD. Other than that it was definitely a midrange phone. The Nokia 7 Plus is a midrange phone, and costs less than the Nexus 5 did when compared to current flagships. The nexus 5 was 48% the cost of a Note 3, whereas the 7 Plus is 40% the cost of a Note 8.
Damn, wish I'd have known about this when I managed to get my uncle to track down a Coyote signal while he was stateside last year.

Thanks for the info - maybe I'll be able to get one this year when he's back over there.
Damn, wish I'd have known about this when I managed to get my uncle to track down a Coyote signal while he was stateside last year.

Thanks for the info - maybe I'll be able to get one this year when he's back over there.
Isn't the American variant a SD845?
Yeah, I don't think he realises what "objective" means.

Plus the Steam reviews *are* mostly positive. So it's objectively correct.
> There was the Fedor/Moldanado one but that was because that was in Russia and the judges probably would've given the fight to Fedor even if the ref stopped it in favour of Moldanado in the 1st round.

That wasn't actually overturned. It was unofficially ruled a draw, but it's still a win on Fedor's record.
> So you bought new furniture to charge your phone? Must be nice being rich :-)

I really, really hate this attitude. 
There's a guy I know on Facebook who posted a story about how his infant son shit himself in a ball pit. 

Was pretty funny but... fairly embarrassing for the kid when he grows up.
I was surprised it was that expensive. Floss I'd like £1 over here.
That Signal looks awesome. Where'd you get it?

I have a Coyote Signal which is black/tan, but yours looks way slicker.
Every day is a cheat day if you try hard enough.
I'm gonna go with "biggest fuck up".
The main difference between the Euro and Japanese PSP 1000s was that Circle was the confirm button on the Japanese one.

I think I preferred it that way.
You think that's fucked up? I have a friend that legitimately used to call square "box"

He's my closest friend but I had to think long and hard about the future of our friendship when I found that out about him.
The loudest I've ever laughed in a cinema was Patrick Stewart's into to Ted.

"nothing is more powerful than a young boy's wish. Except an Apache helicopter. An Apache helicopter has machine guns *and* missiles. It is an unbelievably impressive compliment of weaponry. An *absolute* death machine."
I might be missing something obvious, but what happens if you resync your account to that device?

Aren't all your photos/videos still stored on your cloud account? Seems weird that they'd be lost forever just because you unsynced your account from your phone.
It's absolutely ridiculous.

I have a note 8 and don't use bixby and guess what? I've just disabled it. Problem literally solved in 15 seconds.
I remember watching this years ago on Cracked. That shit was a total massacre. Literally thousands of dead bees so the hornets could get a few jars of locally sourced, organic honey.
I was 100% sold on Eleven after this scene. Smith fucking *nailed* it.
That copper one is really nice, and this is coming from someone who doesn't like the look of the Essential Phone.
Absolutely. People in the comments threat just brigaded that poll for no reason other than to shit on Oneplus. It was kinda sad in all honesty. 
> You haven’t got a jar of f***ing clues 

FYI he says "jar of glue" which is rhyming slang for clue
AFAIK it's almost totally stock. 
This is only the third update since launch that I've had on my duos... What gives?!
As a huge Nokia fan back in their heyday, my next phone will 100% be a Nokia. I've said it before in this sub, but Nokia is the only brand of phone that I'd buy that has a logo on the front of the device.
Motherfucker's cutting onions in here...
I have 2 and experience this problem on a daily basis. It's super frustrating.
$40 isn't even "low"... That's $160 a month. That's insane. I pay £50 for my Note 8 AND truly unlimited data. 
There's no question of bias. Two of his fingers clearly went into his eye.

Add to that the two blatant instances of him grabbing Matthews' gloves and even Jingliang couldn't protest a point deduction or two.
I've made my navbar black so those pixels are off 95% of the time. 

There's very slight burn-in, that's only noticeable when really looking for it when the screen is all one colour. I've had it that way since launch so it's really quite minimal considering it's been like 4 months.
I actually have an old Vertu Ascent Ti sat in a drawer from around the same time that I had a nokia n90/n91. It was absolutely awful. My Nokia at 1/4 the price was better in every way.
Oh 100%
Time feels faster the more you age.

When you're 5 1 year is 1/5th of your life so far, so it feels like *ages*. When you're 98 1 year is 1/98th of your life. It's easy to see why it seems like a year is nothing.
Google is/are like that one kid that has ADHD that starts making a car out of Lego and then gets distracted by the TV. Then it goes back to the Lego and thinks, "what was I doing here? Ah yes!" and builds a spaceship.
I think either the Note 8 or the Essential phone *seem* like they have the least bezel. It's surprising that the S8/S8+ each have a higher ratio that the Note 8.

The iPhone X doesn't look like a bezeless phone. The side bezels seem huge, even though they aren't. For me, the Note takes it because the side bezels are almost nonexistent, and the top and bottom are equal, giving it a more symmetrical look.
Same in the UK. All Cashiers are seated.
Yep, they basically just implemented a zero tolerance policy. It was to combat knife crime, but they went way overboard.

When I was a kid I had a pocketknife on me wherever I went. Now I'd be committing a crime if I did that. 
Knife laws here in the UK are ridiculous.
Since. 2012 I've had 10 phones. I have a legitimate problem. 
Dan and Semtex are long time friends. They used to train together when they were young and on the regional MMA scene in the UK.
Yeah exactly what I thought. Very poor title choice. 
Scary Movie 3 was the last good "Movie" movie. It was funny because it was just so stupid, and I find that kind of humour hilarious. 

The bits where they're showing the alien footage on the news never fails to make me howl with laughter.
Looks like there are tools now - the last time I tried it I had to download some janky python scripts and run them to transfer Spotify to GPM - but there was no way to go back. Now it seems much easier.
If TJ is losing muscle mass then is weight cut should be easier, since he'll be cutting significantly less water weight and therefore won't be as drained.

I'd be worried if he just planned to cut down to 125 from his normal weight.

His performance might be affected because of the loss in muscle, but the weight cut itself should be okay.
They hit the sweet spot with GTA V. 360/PS3, XBone/PS4 and PC. Got that sweet sweet triple dip.
Last night I told my Home to "set an alarm for weekdays at 7.30".

It responded with "sure, your alarm is set for weekdays - what time?"

"7.30"

"Sure, playing the song 7.30 at 7.30 on weekdays".

I wond if this had something to do with it. Never had that bug before.
I work in the rail industry, and it's the exact same.

For the first year I had no fucking idea what people were talking about. It's also hard to ask these people without fear of ridicule for not knowing something so basic.

I need to quit my job.
There was a girl in my university lectures that was "severely allergic" to caffeine. We were told that, under no circumstances, were we to bring any products containing caffeine to any lectures.

Take caffeine away from college kids and they don't function well. Attendance at those lectures was pretty low.

I finally saw this mystery girl in action one day when someone in a previous lecture had left a coffee cup. She covered her nose and asked for someone to remove it. Turns out it just made her sneeze.
Ngannou only brought in more eyes because the UFC pushed him. I'm sure if the UFC got behind Stipe the way they did with Ngannou he'd be just as popular, but they didn't, because they were banking on Stipe losing.
Tried viewing the page to read it... Is it me or is XDA absolute trash on mobile these days?
You're allowed to say it you know, it's part of the song
Cool
IMO that wasn't intentional - TJ was already screaming in celebration as Cody got up and got in his face.
That is one tasty thiccboii
No you don't understand, it was an unnecessary followup shot by Hendo, that makes it ok, because for some reason Hendo gets a pass from 90% of this sub for shit like that.
8 years is a long time, especially for an already overripe tomato.
He doesn't need to. Cain has beaten Cain.
This would be Gus' third title shot. It's not like he's getting fucked out of his first shot. 

Stipe Vs DC is more exciting, more interesting and more profitable. And I can't fucking wait!!
Did you forget about DC outboxing Jones in the rematch?

DC's stand up game is no fucking joke.
Absolutely he will. 
How is it unprofessional? He's never missed weight, (he still technically made weight with the towel incident), so what's the issue?
DC is older, and still beating younger guys.
Actually a great idea - not as the main event, but just have a room with a projector and anyone who wants to drop in to see a fight can do so.
If you're quoting an academic paper or you're reporting the news or something then sure, yeah, you should use the actual quote.

When you're referencing a meathead fighter on the internet for meme points I'm happy to let it slide if you don't get it 100% correct.

We don't all have sticks up our asses.
Yeah I have no idea where I got Idaho from...

Especially after how much he goes on about Ohio being the greatest state in America. 

I guess it's easy to confuse the two not being an American
Right... But his comment was a reference to Tito's response to Chael. You're just splitting hairs.
What do you mean by his "home country"? He's first generation American, born in Idaho.

Edit - OH - IO! My bad. Sorry Stiopic. 
It was Tito's response to Chael after Chael's zinger about Tito's ex wife/girlfriend.
Don't worry buddy, I got the reference. 
You do have control over the hardware. It's the software that's stopping you remapping the button. You don't *own* the software. Samsung aren't obligated in any way to incorporate code into that software to let you remap it.
Honestly, there's not much to hate.
Gonna have to disagree with you there.

You should be able to disable it, which you can, but there's no obligation for them to let you remap it. It'd be cool of them, sure. But they shouldn't have to.
Is Lesnar even in the USADA testing pool?

IIRC your suspension is paused if you withdraw from testing, and resumes when you re-enter the pool. 
I'll never forgive them after being burned by their Tegra line of chips.

Devices with those chips were just awful. 
That's true, but it doesn't excuse (in my opinion) poor reffing.
The refs in the main and co-main were *far* too eager to stand them up/separate them imo. 
How can you live like this?
I think a lot of people got into the whole rooting/flashing scene because of the Desire HD - the dev community for that phone was 
 so active for so long! 

LeeDroid was where it was at
I stopped rooting after the Nexus 6, and the only reason I rooted that was to lower the vibration intensity and enable double tap to wake. I just don't see the value in it anymore.

I used to flash a new rom to my desire HD every week, and always had to have the most up to date version of android regardless of whether there were huge bugs in the rom I was using. Now the most I do is apply a theme to my device.
I legitimately thought he might not be able to stand back up after the 4th.
The story is basically all told via the voice tapes you find. 

People complained about the lengthy cut scenes in mgs4 so they cut this one way back and kept the story to voice tapes. Kinda annoying, but I thoroughly enjoyed the game for the most part.
Right up until the final cut scene I absolutely loved it. The gameplay was some of the best I've ever experienced. Story was a little barren but that's what we get for everyone complaining about the long cut scenes in mgs4.

That last cut scene ruined the whole game for me though. No spoilers, but it just made all the events in the game seem worthless.

The second act was annoying, too. I managed to complete it without having to replay any old missions, but it was a dumb mechanic, and I literally had to Google how to unlock missions 53-55 to get the actual ending of the game.
I hope they don't go with the vertical camera layout - I love the long black bar on the back of my note 8.
Hold on... Are you trying to imply that Till is a light heavyweight fighting at welterweight?
Boy, I've read some dumb shit around here, but this is next level.
If the issue is with Cast enabled devices, my assumption is that the fix will be rolled out to them in a firmware update.
I met him about 10 years ago - my drama teacher at school is good friends with Sheridan Smith and I think those two were a thing at the time... anyway we were down in London one weekend and she arranged for us to meet up with her because why not, and he came along with her.

He was miserable as fuck. Spent the whole time stood with his arms crossed, not saying anything and just generally being moody. He wasn't even that famous back then, just some guy that'd been on a few channel 4 TV shows. Miserable bellend.
Depends which cryptos you want to check - Coinbase is my go-to for Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum and Litecoin, but for other ones I use Binance.

Binance doesn't trade in Fiat so you don't really get the $ value of cryptos, but it'll show you their BTC/ETH value, and if you hold any crypto in Binance it'll show you the $ value of what you're holding.
I know a guy who had one, it was actually a *very* nice phone. It wasn't one of the daft diamond encrusted ones, but it was titanium and leather and crystal glass. It was super nice to hold. Though it didn't look worth the £8000 he paid for it. And it was a brand new phone that was already 3 years out of date. 

The diamond ones are just awful though.
I'm so salty at how attractive Rockhold is.

Fuck that guy. Stupid sexy Rockhold.
Nah man. He'd never make such a dumb decision, the only reasonable explanation is suicide.

/s
Why does everything have to be such a conspiracy? 
...which is why the original point was that vitor has to finish him inside the first two minutes.

If Bisping takes him into the later rounds he'll have the advantage. 
I've had the GCam with portrait mode on my Exynos Note 8 for about a week now.

It's available on XDA.
He just went 3 round where he barely moved for the entire fight.

Bisping will press him and push him for 3-5 rounds. There's no way old man Vitor can keep up with Bisping.
He was also juiced to the gills for that fight. 

I don't think you can reasonably predict the outcome of this fight by the outcome of their last fight.
Do you have any examples of this precedent? Not being a dick or anything, I'm genuinely curious.

I was under the impression that you couldn't be charged with with possession if the files were found in your temporary files, and assumed it'd be the same for RAM. 

Very interesting if what you're saying is correct, and quite worrying. Obviously I have no issue with people being charged with "making of" rather than just possession, but the implications for other crimes (such as streaming, like you mentioned) are pretty scary. 
Mine started experiencing pairing issues 3 years ago, whereby it'd disconnect and wouldn't reconnect until the device was restarted. I eventually stopped using the remote and started using the remote app available for android.
Mine became unusable after about 2 years. Literally all I used it for was to stream Plex from my server - crashed constantly, remote would unpair and wouldn't re-pair until you rebooted the Player (this has been happening for 3 years), constant buffering, lagging and stuttering, and overall terrible performance. I stopped using it and switched back to my 1st gen Chromecast.

The concept is top notch - the execution was poor. I have a friend with an Android TV and it's everything I wanted the Nexus player to be.
Those 4 years aren't going to be enough to prevent DC from having his way with him.
I think that's literally the only option.
"Hey /u/fetal-sploosh, ever since you fixed my PC it's been doing this weird thing..."

No. That was 8 years and 3 PCs ago. Don't you try and pin this shit on me.
He allegedly didn't find out he had it until after the fight, and was suffering symptoms during his training camp.
You're probably on a few watchlists now
Fractured skull, as well.
> Then he got submitted by a redditor.

Are you implying that that's somehow embarrassing? Why, I oughta wipe the Cheeto dust off my hands and get my mom to give me a ride over to your place and slap you silly!
I don't think photoshop is involved, he's clearly trying to hide his receding hairline and went with a different parting in the original picture.

He should just cut it short and he'd look much, much better.
Out of the two, I thought Jake was the bigger dickhead.

Boy, was I wrong.
I signed up to the upgrade programme - what do you mean when you ask if the Note 9 is "free"? You don't just give them your Note 8 and they give you a 9, they'd literally be handing out free phones all over the place and losing money.

Basically, it's a two year contract, with 0% APR. You pay for the first year and then get the option to take out a new contract, and settle the remainder of the old contract by giving them your old device. Essentially you pay half the price of a Note 8 to own it for a year, and then give it back and begin paying half the price for a Note 9 to use it for a year, so on and so forth until you decide you want out. 

If at the end of the first year you don't want to upgrade you just keep paying the remainder of the balance for the next year. You can also pay the remaining balance off at any time if you want.

If you like to upgrade every year then it'd be worth it as you're paying half the retail price and then getting a new phone at half the retail price next time. 
Absolutely, but she won't. She could make 135 if she lost muscle mass. 

She doesn't want to lose muscle mass - her main advantage over her opponents is her size, and she doesn't want to give that up.
The camera got much better with the release of HDR, but it still wasn't great.

It went from mediocre to decent. 
I remember the notification ticker but don't really miss it at all. I don't prefer the new heads up notification, but I don't think it's functionally any worse than the ticker.

Though it'd be good if they brought it back for the people that preferred it. Options are always good.
Cyborg can't make 140.

In her last fight at 135 they did a catch-weight of 140, and she weighed in at 141.6 or close to that.
Ridiculously naive for believing they're not transmitting video back to their servers? How so?

A device sending a video feed back to its home servers would be pretty noticeable due to the data it would consume. It'd be much more convenient and covert for them to just use the microphone.

I'm not saying it's out of the question, all I'm saying is if it was transmitting video files back to Amazon, it would've been discovered by now because people *love* to prove that big companies are bad whilst drinking their Caramel Mocha with extra whip. 
I hate that the terms "fake news" is now a thing. Can we make that not a thing?
> Then you are wrong.

Unless you were the one that made the decision to remove it, you don't know what the reason(s) were. 

To say the *only* reason they removed it was to drive sales of their own products is ridiculous. I'm not saying their reasons for removing it had the consumers best interest in mind, but you can't say literally the only reason was to drive sales of their own products. They literally have one pair of earbuds for sale, which aren't going to suit everyone. If they were so bent of improving their own sales by removing the jack don't you think they'd have a few more options available?

Apple have a stronger case for this motive as they conveniently own Beats which are a huge brand that are compatible with their products. Google sell one pair of earbuds that most people won't be interested in.
I don't think it can be classed as a fight. It was more of a beating. 

Nunes essentially mugged her.
No evidence (currently) suggests that it's always watching.
Didn't they agree to start stocking Google products again after Google threatened to pull YouTube support for their tablets?
> Google homes and Pixel phones have no audio jack for precisely one reason, to make people buy Google hardware, instead of 3rd party hardware.

I'm sure that factored into the decision, but I doubt it was 100% the *only* reason they removed it.
Why? I have a Google Home and it's great. Not *quite* as feature rich as in the USA, but it's still useful.
What's your point? I think you're confusing "popularised" with "predated". 

Just because the DSi did it before Snapchat doesn't mean they're the ones who made it popular.
You're basically comparing the minidisc player to the iPod... 
Nintendo definitely didn't popularise filters in the way that Snapchat did.
No it doesn't - they take the hair from the back of the head from a zone where MPB doesn't affect the folicile, thereby ensuring the transplanted hair won't die. 

That doesn't mean the rest of the hair won't continue to fall out, but the transplanted hair won't be affected by MPB because it's transplanted from an area of the head where MPB doesnt affect.
Do you have a source for this?

I feel like if this were true it'd be common knowledge, not just one guy posting on a reddit thread.
Don't be ridiculous. 

You can't piss hot in Japan.
If you miss weight by 26lbs you did it on purpose.

There's no way you can miss weight by *that* much by accident.
I don't think I've ever changed my opinion on someone so fast than I have with Platinum.

I tuned in to watch him lose his teeth. Now I tune in to watch the Platinum One bless us with his greatness.
This is one of my favourite videos of all time. The kid just seems so thankful for that avacado. 

What I love is that he looks older than the age where you'd expect a child to be excited about opening literally anything, so he could open it and go "What the hell do I want with this?" but instead he's just super stoked about it.
We've *just* started getting Taco Bell in the UK, and we aren't a war ravaged country.
I think the validity of the belt should be based on who is fighting the contenders, not who holds the lineal championship.

Knuckles was fighting top contenders, Bisping was injured and waiting on the money fight. Bisping may have been the lineal champion, but Knuckles was facing the killers in the division. I don't see how that makes him a paper champion.
No it doesn't. It means he's not the lineal champion. 

Just because he didn't beat the guy doesn't make him the paper champion - he's been fighting the top contenders in the division and beaten them.
Knuckles is the rightful champ...

Bisping knocked the fuck out of Rockhold and became the rightful champ. GSP won the belt from him and then gave it up, thereby making the interim champion the rightful champion.

It's not rocket surgery.
> The Baldfather

Can this be his official name on /r/MMA going forward?
> Want to hear "fake"? Listen to Jones on the JRE podcast.

Couldn't agree more. As a Jones fight fan, it's hard for me to listen to his interviews etc. because he just sounds so fake.
It's not about fairness. The commentary has improved since he left, you don't need something of equal measure to compare it to. It's just got better.
I used to try it out every few months or so to see how it was developing. It wasn't the best.

Out of sailfish, Firefox OS and Ubuntu touch I preferred Ubuntu, and it was somewhat useable as a daily driver, but the lack of essential apps was crippling. It was like having a feature phone.
I'm British, and have a degree in English literature, and I had no idea about this.

Think I wasted 3 years of my life and £22k.
Ah fair enough. 

Since you have so many surplus, check out my (limited) post history to see my half wingman I made - it works great as a EDC knife without being a full set of pliers etc.
Great deal and all, it's a decent tool for the price. But why not just buy a better one if you go through so many? A charge or a wave would last you longer. 
Yeah it launched on Coinbase at around 2am local time in the UK. by 3am it'd risen from below £2k to over £6k. By next morning it was back down to £2k with *no* record of it having reached £6k at all.
I totally agree.

I have a friend who was completely outraged when they got rid of Goldie, but even he admits that the commentary has improved drastically since he left.
I'm guessing he meant Cormier.
You called?
In my friendship group, I was the only one of 6 that started with an android phone, the others all had iPhones.

Now 4 of us have android phones - we're all mid twenties. 
He's got some work to do before title contention. Lost 3 in a row and then beat an overweight welterweight.
XDA on mobile without an ad blocker is essentially unusable.
Yeah absolutely, I'm not saying he didn't. I'm just saying I didn't like his attitude, i.e. "I deserve this, you don't, so give up and let me win". 
Bisping was still the first British champion. Can't take that away from him.
What's shitty about that?

Not everyone will be able to achieve success financially. That's just life. It's unrealistic to believe the whole "work hard and you'll achieve success" trope because it isn't always true. Some people just never get the opportunity.

No need to be a dick.
I love the "but Andy KOd him at the end of the third" argument.

Yeah he might've been out for a split second there, but that just makes it more impressive that he boxed the fuck out of him in the next round.
Yeah no doubt Khabib was going to win, but it rubbed me the wrong way that he was telling MJ to give up because he deserved the title shot.

It's just so entitled. "You should give up because I *deserve* this." Fuck that. *Make* your opponent give up. Don't ask them to.
I'm not entirely sure on this, but I'm fairly certain you're going to hell.

Edit - wordage.
We can be internet buddies!
Yeah that sucks pretty bad. Keep your head up and don't give up, we can't be alone forever!
Keep at it my man. There's happiness out there for all of us, we just gotta keep looking!
Nah you'd need someone bigger. Mickey Rourke wouldn't be able to put on enough mass.
A bag of miscellaneous drugs. Could be anything in there, from hairloss medication to heroin - that's what makes it fun!
Honestly, it kind of annoyed me.

If you want a shot at the title fucking earn it. Don't ask your opponent to give up because you "deserve it". Sure he may have been winning, but MJ had clipped him earlier in the round and wobbled him slightly, so it's not as though it was impossible for MJ to win.
This is why gta v gets a pass from me.

Sure it's riddled with microtransactions - but the amount of extra content they've rolled out in the last 5 years is insane. It's still fun as fuck to play without the microtransactions.
Some guy at work the other day asked me, "is that a new shirt? You look nice in it".

Totally bowled me over. Didn't know what to say other than the obvious thanks. 
Been single for nearly a year after being with someone for a long time.

I have no idea what I'm doing.
Christmas Day is just that... A day. Who cares what date you celebrate it on? 

Doing it early so you can have a chill weekend of gaming with your SO seems like a solid idea to me. 
2 was alright, it still had elements of the actual story.

3 was no longer a horror/thriller, and if you separate it from the franchise it's a passable action film.

The rest were just an excuse to watch Milla Jovovich fuck around with weapons and clones.
The only difference is the colour - The Coyote version is black and tan rather than black, yellow and silver.

£105 is a pretty decent price! It's a great tool. I also have a Wave, Skeletool, Micra and a modified half wingman, and the Signal is by far my favourite.
I got my uncle to bring me back the Coyote Signal from California. Absolutely love it.

Here it'd cost me £120, from the USA it was $99. Also we don't get the Coyote version here. 
Ok no worries, thanks for the reply!
Did you ever resolve this?

I've just started experiencing the same problem. 

I've been using PIA for about 5 years now across multiple devices, however after installing on a new build I just can't get it to stay connected. Sometimes it'll go for 8+ hours with no issues, but when I come back to it it's disconnected, but my other PC remains connected. They're both in the same room connected to the same WiFi so if it was an issue of a dropped connection I'd expect both to be disconnected, but it's just the new one.

It's driving me crazy.
It's because he's now treated as the privacy Messiah, and people take literally everything he says as gospel.

He's come out with some outlandish claims in the past and people just accept it as fact.
I don't really mind matching tattoos to be honest.

Me and my ex got a matching one about a year into the relationship. Probably a silly move, but years later I don't really regret it. We were together for many years and she was a big part of my life, so no big deal.

Obviously I don't expect everyone to feel the same, I'm just saying I wouldn't judge someone for it.
This might be my favourite Simpsons line of all time.
Yeah that's literally just fast padwork. Nothing like TJ imo.
> most of the greats are showing their age by 40 in their chosen sport, let alone trying to start a new one.

CM punk being the obvious exception. Dude looked *incredible*.
He won't be overplayed until McGregor loses in the cage.

When that happens in the UFC Nate is no longer the Conor destroyer. As long as McGregor is inactive, Nate can sit back and talk shit all day long.
> they should have marketed this fight as former champ vs former champ

They did, at least in their email marketing.
That was so perfectly delivered.
But on the other hand, if Wonderboy cleans out the division then they have to give I'm another shot. 
Are you trying to imply that Till is a Light Heavyweight fighting at Welterweight?
Why does Relapse get so much hate.

It was *much* better than Revival, Recovery and Encore, imo. 

Edit - bonus points for Relapse: Refill. Had some great additions to it.
Yeah, no matter how he acted towards them they don't have the right to essentially determine if he should serve 20 years in prison for something he didn't do.

Mistakes happen and evidence gets "overlooked", but this was straight up buried. 
Watching Rory school Woodley was beautiful. 
I think he meant that lawler looked smaller than he has done in the past.
Robbie hasn't looked the same since.

Don't wanna get all USADA on his ass, but maybe Rory had a point.
Poirier said it himself - Alvarez isn't afraid of him. He just knows it's a bad matchup. It's anybody's fight, and right now Eddie doesn't need that.
Makes me sick how much of a great guy he is.

Here I am doing nothing with my life and this guy is putting his health on the line to provide for his family and make the best out of the cards he was dealt.

Jesus I need to make some changes. Love Dustin and hope he gets the rematch.

Ninja edit - also, this guy gets punched in the face for a living and he's *still* more attractive than me.
Platinum is such a lovable goof.
Yeah that seems like a super odd reason to call all 5 of your kids George.

If you want them to know you're there for them, just like... Be there for them.
This is the first time I've seen this and it's fucking hilarious.

The lady sat next to me probably thinks I'm a real idiot.
He doesn't sound punchy imo. He just sounds like Teddy from Bob's burgers.
You've taken square bricks and crammed them into round holes.
He said he wants a promoters stake in future. That's how he'll do it. He won't be on fighter money, he'll be on promoter money.
For some reason the thing that hyped me the most was Conor saying "Floyd's a bitch, and he's petrified." 
Smart people are allowed to find dumb shit funny too.

I personally think this whole thing was very amusing.

Ninja edit - thought I'd make it clear that this is a joke and I don't consider myself as smart as Stephen Fry.
Good. It's bullshit that they stopped selling them in the first place.
Rogan has literally zero input in the rankings.
I once dislocated (not even broke) my ankle. Still feel it 8 years later.

Walking around new York in the cold this week and I can feel it with every step.
He said HW GOAT, now HW god.
There's no stopping the Perry hype train.

It took a short detour at Jouban station, but it's still en route to its destination.
I think you'll find it's the colonies that do things backwards.
My regular Home has never failed to hear me even when the music is on loud. It's actually really impressive how good the microphones are.
Only got 15 seconds in before my friend made me turn it off. It was long enough to break my heart.

For me, insulting someone's physical appearance (calling them ugly etc) is an absolute no. It's something they have no control over and makes someone feel really fucking shitty about something they can't change about themselves. It cuts really deep. Even when I'm pissed at someone or in a physical confrontation or whatever I'd never insult someone's physical appearance.

Fuck bullies.
You do realise we're talking about two different phones here, right?

The other day I dropped my caseless phone about 2 feet onto a tile floor and it still works perfectly fine. Not even a scratch. It's strange that your phone broke after a small drop and mine didn't. Almost as though there are hundreds of variables in every situation that could cause something to break on one occasion but not another...

You being careless enough to break your phone doesn't make it a shitty phone.
According to the wiki that's a myth.
But the emergency button would also just make it quicker to access in any situation.

What's the point in going the long way round when you can just use the shortcut, rather than rooting through your settings to find it.
I'd wholeheartedly disagree.

I've gone from exclusively Nexus devices, to one plus devices, to the Note 8, and I have to say I've never been happier with a device than I am with the Note.

My brother had the s8 and it's basically the Note 8 with a single camera.
Manuwa would decapitate Rashad.
Lol cyborg wasn't making 135. She didn't even weigh in at the 140lb limit for that fight. She weighed in at 141.6lb iirc.
That's to be expected when there are only 6 fighters in the division.
Well in that case I'll shut my mouth and pray to the MMA gods to make this happen.
Yeah you might be right. Stipe isn't known for his power and will likely play it safe and box defensively.

Didn't think the /s was necessary, but here it is.

/s
Not by boxing fans, no. But to casual he's definitely up there with Ali. 

Tyson was a force to be reckoned with in his day, and whether you believe he was fighting in a time with weak competition, he was a big deal. 
Realistically it won't be. 

I'd be happy enough if it was, but this fight isn't "big" enough to be the headliner at international fight week.
Silva was considered the GOAT well before the failed tests.

Muhammad Ali is considered one of the GOATs. As is Tyson. They didn't go out on top.

Begining to lose due to age but continuing to fight doesn't make you any less great. Some people just love to compete.
Stipe by flying kneebar.
Honestly, at this point who cares?

I lost interest in scoggins a long time ago.
Try and get it to play "the courteeners". It takes like 15-20 attempts for it to understand. Some of the things it hears instead are just baffling.
Yup. I have an Intel Nuc set up specifically to download all my Linux distros, I just have so many.
In what way though? To me, "has almost every feature in flud" means "it's not quite as good as flud."
Not sure how it works outside the UK, but if you get a replacement device here the warranty is valid from when you received the replacement, not the original. Might be worth checking if it's actually out of warranty or not.
I guess that explains that great mystery!
Kinda related - I was flying one time and before the security desk there was a clear plastic box to discard any items you had on you that you probably shouldn't attempt to get past security.

There was the usual stuff in there - nail scissors, nail clippers, nail files etc. etc. In the middle of all that stuff was a fucking battle-axe.

Who brings a battle-axe to an airport? Someone who did it intentionally wouldn't discard it, so that means it must have been accidental. Who accidentally brings a battle-axe to an airport? Like they get there and they're like "oh darn I'm such a clutz. I've accidentally brought my battle-axe instead of my passport!"
I often get bored when playing non-linear games and never finish them.

I like a sense of direction that totally open world games lack, so I just can't get into them. 
Jesus where are you that it's so cheap? In the UK we pay £10 for full price Premium.
I wondered why my Note 8 has Microsoft apps.
Had mine since launch - the remote has been useless for about 2 years. Turns itself off and won't repair unless you do a hard reboot multiple times a day.

Stopped using it altogether and switched back to phone/Chromecast combo. Must more stable and reliable than the Player ever was.
It's not really wasted talent if he used that talent to amass himself a small fortune.
Not saying you're wrong, but when it's a title shot against the guy you lost to, that you'd already beat convincingly before, it's totally different from someone coming off a loss to someone else then getting a title shot.
It's irrelevant in the sense that he won the fight.

Holm put a beating on Tate for 4.5 rounds but that became irrelevant when Tate choked her out.
Yep. TJ dropped Cody much harder than Cody did to TJ.
TJ Vs Dom wasn't a one sided fight. Still waiting on that rematch.
This isn't some sort of Hollywood movie. Literally nothing will come of this.
In this case though, he's from Cameroon, where the official language is French.
Turn down the bass in the settings
If Rory weighs in at above the minimum limit then their ass doesn't need covering. He fell within the bounds of the weight class.

If he weighs in at 206-7 he's a heavyweight.
Ever tried a VPN on android? Absolutely annihilates your battery.
But... Her name *is* Lexii.
I stopped swiping ages ago because it's so bad. 
It's been getting steadily worse over the last few years. Suggestions are terrible, corrections are awful, swiping is woeful.

And lately I've had this bug that crops up every day or so and requires a reboot - the keyboard stops automatically popping up when you click on a text field. You need to click it twice to trigger the keyboard. Really annoying when you reach to tap a key with muscle memory but there's no keyboard there, so you end up clicking a link or something.

Gboard has turned to shit.
I'm a HUGE Strokes fan, but I just can't listen to JC + The Voidz. It was painful.

You can sort of hear it in the EP they released last year, especially in drag queen, but it's massively toned down and I actually really liked it.

But that Voidz album was awful. Truly, truly awful.

Edit - [this](https://youtu.be/EmZxfYkF-Cw) is my favourite things he's ever done and he never released the full song.
They have better songs, but this is their only song I'd throw into a regular playlist that wasn't supposed to be "funny" songs.

Julian absolutely smashed it with this song.
Maybe for the actual music, but they'd be nothing without JC's vocals.

Even when he sounds bad he sounds good.
Somewhere along the way, my hopefulness turned to sadness
> Even then, when Chris as a bit more unknown, you could tell Silva was a superior striker. Now that I've seen more of Chris, those losses are even more perplexing

Did you even watch the fights? Weidman was winning both fights right up until the knockout and leg break. 
I have the Home - sorry, meant to mention that.

Though my comment was meant to point out that it might not just be limited to the Mini since it does it on my phones also.
Can't say I've noticed it with my home, but it does happen on my phone. It's incredibly annoying. 

It'll be normal volume and then suddenly get super quiet for a few seconds, and it's not reproducible. Seems totally random.

Oneplus 3t / Note 8 using Spotify.
Now he looks like your weird old bald uncle at parties.
Judging by the recent open letter Fedor wrote re: Alex, I'm willing to bet they don't use emoji when they text.
I was going to comment that now we'll be mistaking him for Fedor... 

Watched to the end. Don't think there's any worry of mistaking him for his brother now.
I thought Snapchat stopped doing this a while ago?
Out of interest, how would you trigger them to come on when you enter a specific room? This sounds like a cool idea but I'm not sure how to implement it.
It's super easy for a buyer to open a dispute and get their money back with little protection for the seller.
The sole reason I rooted my Nexus 6 was to tone down the vibration strength. That thing sounded like thunder
Gold/Silver worked on the OG Gameboy so would work on the pocket.

Crystal is physically incompatible though.
The top 3 might still actually be okay. Gold and Silver apparently had issues with shorter than usual battery lifespan so will most likely require replacing, not sure about crystal.

Besides, they're really easy to replace. So OP could replace the batteries now and they'd still be ok to play 10-15 years from now.
Would it need to be re-authenticated after a period of time though?

Could be more effort than it's worth.
But that wouldn't require the phone for it to work, since you'd just cast directly from the GHome to the Chromecast Audio.
Yeah I was super disappointed when I realised it wasn't a one night affair.

Makes sense from a marketing perspective though. Why waste it all on one event when you can spread it across 8+ PPVs
It was actually a really easy mission. I struggled with it so much that I had to get my friend to do it for me.

The issue was that you'd get too close to the train so Big Smoke would just shoot the train. You had to stay far enough away the he could shoot the enemies. When you realise that you can usually do it on the first attempt.
I haven't tried the Mini as it's for my brother, however the Home sounds great. If you'll be using it as a speaker it's definitely worth it at £79.

If you'll be using it to cast media to a different device instead then the Mini might be the better option. 
Yup me too! Got myself a Home and picked up a mini for my brother for Christmas. Total came to less than the full price for a Google Home. Pretty sweet deal.
Wow no way! I was just about to order. I guess I'll hold off for another week.

Thanks for the heads up!
Started working for me a couple of days ago. It can now play albums as well - before it'd just play 5 songs from the album.

This was the main thing preventing me from getting a Google Home, and it just went in the sale here in the UK so the timing was perfect.
It's crazy that people actually believe this.
I'm a big advocate for Werdum bashing. Dude is a fucking weirdo that doesn't know how to interact with people properly. If I had the ability to cut anyone from the ufc out of spite, it'd be him.

Disclaimer - this is all from the limited footage I've seen of him in interviews, embedded, fighting etc. He might be a great guy in his personal life, but I still wouldn't care.
Not that it'll change your mind, but Dash charging is *fast*. It makes my Note 8 seem like it takes an age to charge.
I believe that was the joke
Are we forgetting all the title eliminator fights that Bisping lost to cheaters? 

He was #4 contender when he fought for the title. Anyone who is top 5 should be in title contention if the #1 can't fight. 

Cody was #6 when he beat Dom and then didn't defend for a year. Did he deserve to be champ?
But... He won.

It's not like it was a razor close 3-2 decision. Had it not been for bisping's amateur mistake and taking his eyes off Silva it would have been 4-1, possibly even 5-0 since he most likely would have been fresher in the 5th.

But again, that's not an excuse, because bisping won regardless. The fact that he won the round immediately after essentially getting KO'd shows his mettle.
We already have a universally accepted name for him.
I feel the contract issues with stipe could be easily temporarily resolved by them saying "here's a boatload of cash for saving our ass". 

Let him fight MM and TJ in a tag team. Winner takes all 3 belts.
I had to do a factory reset every 3 months or so to keep it running well enough to use.

The nail in the coffin for me was the *constant* disconnecting of the remote. Literally every time I used it I'd have to use my phone as a remote to re-pair the actual remote, and sometimes it wouldn't re-pair without a hard reboot. 

I decided that, since I was using my phone to control it half the time anyway, I might as well just use my phone with my Chromecast and have a better all round experience.

I really wish it worked better for me. I was so stoked for it that I imported one from America because they didn't release straight away here in the UK. 

I'd totally buy an updated one though.
I've had the complete opposite experience. Got it on launch and it's been awful for about 2 years. Constantly lags and can't handle a stream from Plex without buffering first.

It's so slow I've started using my Chromecast instead.
They always said they'd steadily increase the cost of their phones. Right from the beginning they were open about the fact their phones wouldn't be super cheap forever.

Google got shit on for raising the price of the Nexus line after the 4/5, but nowhere *near* as much as oneplus have.
Rumor has it they're bringing back super-heavyweight for this fight.
Kid in the red t-shirt... That's pure unbridled joy. 
I just tried again today and with Spotify it's working perfectly with albums and playlists, give it a go and see if it works for you!
Goddard has the weight of commissions behind him. He might not be a huge star with millions in the bank, but he's an official in the sport that McGregor participates in. In that aspect, he's far more powerful than McGregor.

Worst case for Goddard, McGregor gets a slap on the wrist and Goddard faces literally *no* repercussions because he did absolutely nothing wrong.
Huh... So before when I tried this it's never work, and was the main thing preventing me from buying a Google home. But I've just told it to play a playlist in Spotify and it worked first time.

Before it straight up wouldn't play a playlist, and when told to play an album it'd take me to a "top picks" section I could only ever access using Assistant where it'd play 5 songs from the album. Again, I've just tried playing an album and it works fine.

I guess it's fixed? I've been frustrated with this for *so long* and haven't tried it for a couple of weeks. I guess now I'll buy a Google home.
Assistant and Spotify integration absolutely sucks.

If you ask it to play an album it'll play the "top picks" from it and won't ever actually play the album. It also won't play playlists. It's useless.
Holy shit...
Gastelum is #9 at middleweight...
Only if you're stupid enough to download something that'll put you over your limit...

If having faster speeds is a bad thing because it'll "blow through data caps" you're doing something wrong.
I prefer the term "nose beers".
Why is that evidence?

Being "wired" doesn't mean you're coked up. Granted I think he probably *was* coked up, but not because he said he was wired.
Yeah a strike to the head with the heel of your palm can really fuck you up. It's basically a punch but you can put more power behind it because you're not worried about breaking your knuckles on their head.
Reminds me of Bas bitch slapping dudes in pancrase. Good times.
Really been hitting that pipe hard, huh?
He won a very close split decision against him and then fought Faber and Cody instead of giving him the rematch, while TJ fought the *actual* contenders. 

I'm a huge Cruz fan, but TJ deserved a rematch more than Cruz deserves it. Many people thought TJ won their fight - no one thought Dom won against Cody.
Does it make me old that I have no idea what "Thot" means?

I'm only 24 for Christ sake. This world sure does move fast.
Stop complaining and get yo' freak on. 
Jesus that is fucking awful.
The name is "bellator MMA". pretty self-explanatory
First think I thought when I saw this was that Coker would be rubbing his hands together due to all the free promotion.
War Machine is a piece of shit. Conor is just an idiot who thinks he's untouchable.
Come on man just try a single cocaine
Were talking about a highly trained fighter who is most likely coked out of his mind. There's no way he was scared of anyone.
Jesus the mental gymnastics people will go to to avoid admitting McGregor did something dumb is insane.
Personally I think TJ is the GOAT Bantamweight.

Destroyed Barao in one of the most spectacular performances I've ever seen, then did it again, then lost a razor thin decision to Cruz (the right call imo) and then put on a clinic against assuncao and lineker before KOing the undefeated KO artist.

TJ may have lost to The Man, but he made up for that by finishing the guy who dominated The Man for 5 rounds.
Opposite is true also.

I was at a wedding recently and the photographer was wandering around taking pictures as people were getting ready etc. and I'd just gotten dressed and hadn't put my shoes on yet. I felt ridiculous wearing a full suit and no shoes.
While I agree that TJ would totally embarrass him, Faber/Pickett definitely wasn't boring. 

Faber totally outclassed him. It was the perfect retirement fight for him. He got to look good again for his last fight.
Where are all the Silva dick riders that claimed he just used to recover from a broken leg?
> What an absolute wank

Wat
Doesn't really matter. If one state commission suspends him the other state commissions will usually honour their decision.
It's not that I was expecting a banger, it's that this is a completely different style from what he usually produces, so it's normal for people to not like it.

Imagine if Marilyn Manson released a pop song, his regular fans wouldn't like it. And that's totally fine. 

He can and has done introspective before, Legacy being an example, and that was a great song. I don't dislike that he's doing introspective, I just don't like this particular song.
Yeah the outro sounds like it leads to something more lively. 

I'm not shitting on him or anything, I just don't enjoy this song. I'm still excited for the rest of the album.
I don't know what I was expecting, I just don't like it. That doesn't make me a nitpicker. 

There are a few songs from his recent albums that I don't like, for example I didn't like Monster, but that didn't stop me enjoying the album.

I'm still excited for the new album, I just won't be listening to this song. 
Explain to me exactly how it's entitled. 

If he said "Eminem should only make music I want to listen to", that'd be entitled.

Expressing an opinion that you're no longer a fan because you don't like his music isn't entitled... Do you expect someone to remain a fan for life when they no longer enjoy an artists work?

I stopped watching Fear The Walking Dead because I no longer enjoy it, and I wish they took it in a different direction. Does that make me an entitled cunt, too? 
Talk to me, tell me yo' na'
Imo relapse/relapse refill were great, recovery was ok/decent, MMLP2 was good. 

This... This is not good. I'm biased because I don't like Beyonce, but the whole song is just so anticlimactic and boring.
That's not entitled at all. 

He's expressing his opinion. Of course he wants an artist to make music that he likes, why would you want an artist to make music that you don't like? 

He wasn't bitching or complaining, he literally just said he's no longer a fan because his music isn't the same anymore. 

Grow up man.
Forget the images of the 5T - there's an actual 5T right there in the box. Even has a case next to it with a cutout on the back presumably for the fingerprint scanner.
So what?
If you go by that logic then Serra wouldn't have lost to gsp in their second fight, and Rockhold should have submitted Bisping in their second fight, and Faber should have choked out Cruz in their second fight etc. etc.

TJ is a completely different fighter these days. His performances have been nothing short of spectacular ever since the Barao fight, Cruz loss notwithstanding.
Woodley is beatable if you're not overly cautious. Look at what Rory did to him - Woodley was totally nullified for 3 rounds.
Yeah that went well for Cody
Same reason people hate on TJ. 
I've really been put off TAM and by extension Faber over this last year. I'd happily watch TJ tool him up for 5 rounds.
OP are more of an established brand now - before they had to do something different to get noticed, so they "built" a great phone and sold it for cheap.

Now they're more popular they can cut costs by not changing the base design and still charge a higher price. 
There really is no challenge for him at 125 if he beats MM. If MM has cleaned out the division and TJ takes him out, who is there to challenge him?

It doesn't make sense. I love MM and all, but he basically *is* the 125 division. The rest of the guys there are just bowling pins for him to knock down.
They're already way too eager to hand out interim belts these days, we don't need to give them an excuse to give out any more. 
Dana said he'd be stripped before the fight even happened.
> Robby is dangerous and would not really improve GSP lagacy

Why not? Whittaker may have been a 170er in the past, but he's now firmly a 185er. He beat Jacare and Romero, the two real contenders at 185.

If gsp beats him he'll have beaten *both* 185 champions. That definitely improves his legacy.
Why would they want him to go down to WW if they specifically stated in his contract that he had to defend at 185?
Hadn't realised until now that both 185 champions are former 170ers.
Cody wasn't really tuning him up. The first round was very close up until the knockdown at the end, and TJ paid him back tenfold for that.
You mean exactly like what happened to welterweight?
Usada hit Hendricks like a freight train. 

If he was clean in his fight with gsp there'd be no controversial decision, because gsp would fuck up that guy we saw tonight.

That's assuming gsp was/is clean.
He didn't annoy me, but when I was watching it I remember saying "why is DC repeatedly shouting Thug Rose"?
What is there to be said about it?

Mighty Mouse is the p4p #1. Just because he's smaller doesn't make it a bad callout. It's not like a heavyweight calling out a welterweight or something, there's only 10lbs difference in their weight classes.
> Doesn't change the fact that TJ ended a teammates career because of illegal strikes 

An accusation from people who are actively trying to ruin your reputation doesn't constitute a "fact".
Because it didn't actually happen.

Cody was claiming he knocked TJ out cold, when in reality it was a knockdown.

After months of Cody claiming he "knocked TJ out cold in sparring" he kind of looks like an idiot having actually posted it, because he was over exaggerating the whole time.
> Maybe its something with the way he hits people

Like... With his arm feet?!
Back in the Nexus 4 days I was easily able to get a replacement each time I tried, probably 8 times in total.

When they switched from US based customer support to UK they were more reluctant to RMA my device straight away, but still ended up doing it.
*hopefully* their only purpose was to flesh out Eleven's story a bit more.

While I enjoyed the episode, I didn't particularly like the characters in it. Millie Bobby Brown absolutely smashed it in episode 7, but the other characters were poor. The acting was decent enough, but great acting can't save poor characters.
I actually really enjoyed the episode. I know there were complaints about how it pulls you right out of the action, but I enjoyed the change of pace.

Plus it was a full episode of Eleven - I'd have enjoyed it if she just sat around eating Eggos and watching TV.
I have a feeling this is one of those situations where Google will honour warranty claims after it has expired, like with the 6p battery issues.
Well there goes my keen investigative observations.
I don't think we saw him smoke this season iirc.

It's like a bad-guy trope that they smoke. Now he's a good guy, no more smoking. 

I don't feel strongly about it one way or the other, just something I noticed. Or didn't notice. I don't know...
Sorry mister! 
In that moment he came across as though he'd just realised they were *completely* out of their depth. It was hilarious.
I honestly thought Wonderboy's head was gonna pop off when Woodley had him in the guillotine...
> hits him with 3-4 elbows in the G&P and much more.

After the first knockdown I counted 4 elbows and 1-2 punches that landed, and not all of them flush. All the other shots he threw missed completely due to Bispings head movement. 

How am I spreading BS? Henderson landed 2 *good* shots. I didn't say he landed 2 *total* shots.
You literally just contradicted your own statement.

He only outstruck him heavily in the third. 

And he only significantly outlanded him in round 2 and 3. Which is it? 

Overall Bisping landed 90 headshots, Henderson 46.

He landed 10 body shots, Henderson 6. 

He landed 119 significant strikes, Henderson 81.

He landed 130 strikes, Henderson 87. 

*Overall*, as I said, Bisping outstruck him almost 2:1. How is what I said not true? 

*Overall* he outstruck him in 4 out of 5 rounds.
Joanna always seems to end up on the big cards - either they put her on there because she takes a flat fee rather than PPV points, or she has a bitchin' contract and always ends up raking in millions.

I'm hoping it's the latter.
I can't tell if you're trolling or you've only watched Woodley Vs Wonderboy I &II...

Wonderboy is a really exciting fighter with some great highlight reel knockouts.
TJ lost an *extremely* close split decision to Cruz and has put on dominant performances since then. 

His biggest asset is his relationship with Bang, and they're still training together.

Twist it however you want, but TJ is doing fine. He should have had his title shot 2 fights ago, instead Faber and Cody got to fight Cruz instead. 
I'm fairly certain that's the joke
You said it yourself - Henderson is still dangerous.

He landed two good shots on Bisping in their fight. Bisping outstruck him almost 2:1 in the rest of the fight.
I've never used a case on any phone, but I find this phone easier to use with a case. 

It's super hard to hold one-handed without one.
I'm pretty sure he picked it up to fight the Demogorgon at the end of season 1. I guess he kept it
Unless you're just using PEDs to help heal your broken leg, right? Right guys?
Steve and Dustin stole the show this time around.

For me, all the biggest laughs were lines involving those two.

"Are you winking, Steve? Stop."

Loved every second they were on screen together.
Steve and Dustin were hilarious together. They really nailed the little brother - big brother thing.
For sure Aleks is the biggest waste of talent.

If he had the same discipline and motivation as his brother he could have been an all time great. Instead he's more or less a footnote in the career of Fedor.
He isn't "making a run" at MW though. He's been given an immediate title shot. Watching him fight some top 10 fighters at middleweight would be awesome, but an instant title shot at 185 doesn't really do it for me.

I'm excited to see him back, but not under these circumstances.
I'm a longtime fan, and I'm excited for the return of gsp, but Cody Vs Tj is the main event for me.

Personal feelings on each fighter aside, this fight should be awesome. 
Someone piss in your Cheerios this morning?
It's good to see that Hank from Breaking Bad has found more acting opportunities since the show finished.
Even as a Conor fan, the unrelated Conor references in every single thread are getting old as hell. 
I'd say that only applies if you're moving *up*, not *down*.
Walking down the streets of Manhattan, with ma brother!

Heck yeah
> Guess I will go with Google because only they have smooth functioning Android phones. 

That's just not true at all
Not only that... He did it *twice*.
There it is. 

I was wondering where the unnecessary Conor reference would come in this thread. 
I agree.

He's the GOAT. he's a fuckup for sure, and he needs to get his life in order, but I don't want his flight with DC to be he last we ever see of him. He's too good.

I can't say I'd be surprised if he got a long suspension, and he'd deserve it, but I wouldn't be happy about it.
He mentioned the 5 as well as the 5x. 
You still didn't answer the question though...

I don't remember there being problems with the 5 other than the battery and stuck power button.
They're my two favourite fights. TJ put an absolute beating on Barao when no one expected is.
It's an old one sir, but it checks out!
Cro Cop is 3 years older than Vitor and he dominated when he was back on the juice.

All depends on the fighter, but I think Vitor could do well again if he juices up.

Not that he *should*, just that he *could*.

Wand is fucked though. He's 41 and looks 60.
Yeah this is probably the main reason.

Can't wait for the 217 ITO episodes - all three title fights and Wonderboy Vs masvidal should get an episode IMO.
Nothing at all.

What I was referring to was the the idea that all you need to do to earn lots of money is "just" to go to college and try hard. That's not how it works unfortunately.
That's not what I said at all. 

I said he's an arrogant dick that's trying too hard to copy McGregor. Calling Shields "Jacob" is one example of him copying Conor and looking fake because of it.

He comes across as obnoxious and try-hard, and there's a very noticeable shift in his personality that occurred after he started training with Conor. 

The guy rubs me the wrong way. Sorry if my opinion offends you.
I'm biased because I'm also British, but his accent isn't strong at all. 

I'd agree if he had a thick Scouse accent like Till or an Irish accent like Conor, but Hardy's accent is really quite mild.
Get out of here you fucking casual. The hardcore fans all know that DC < DC.
There seems have been fewer ITO episodes recently. It's a shame because Dan's breakdowns are really, really good. 
Yeah I'll back you up here - the commentary has got *so much* better since Goldie left. 
Yeah but they never actually did anything bar show up to a fight every now and again.

Forrest Griffin was another that was promised a paycheck for life, and he's still getting paid because he actually does things for the ufc.

Cowboy will be fine if he wants to take a job at the ufc. 
It was hard to watch him get flattened, but fuck Till looked impressive.

I admit I looked past Till like many others here. But he sure as shit showed us that he's legit. 
She's equal parts beautiful, adorable and savage. 
> You could just go to college and try hard

You have so much left to learn about this world
No I don't think he did, I think it was backstage after 204 when Perry said to Hardy he'd like to fight him.
He's turned into an arrogant dick after hanging with Conor.

Before that he was humble and respectful to his opponents - now he's trying too hard to copy McGregor with the awful shirts and shitty attitude.

Even called Jake Shields "Jacob" because McGregor called Eddie "Edward". Dude is trying way too hard to be noticed.
Doesn't really work that way. He'll most likely shoot up in the rankings but I'd be surprised if he jumped to #6. He'll probably crack the tip 10 and cowboy will fall a spot or two behind him.
Yeah I recall hardy calling Perry ridiculous after Perry said he'd like to fight him. maybe after 204? 
Thank god. Danis is such a dick.
I believe it's fight pass only. 
I think the issue is that they aren't fights you'd get excited to watch because you don't really know the fighters. 

With bellator it seems as though great fights happen and then you see them later once you've heard they're great fights. Never seems to be "oh shit! A vs B is happening on bellator tonight!"
That's a slight overreaction
Isn't that the wrong way round?

It's easier to cut water when you're shredded Vs when you're carrying lots of fat.
I don't get the narrative that he didn't "earn" his title shot. He was ranked #4 at the time and much crazier things have happened.
Solid theory. People who watch tape will know what to look out for and what their opponents might try, people that don't will need to figure out their opponents real-time.
It's still kinda crazy since he won't see half of that 800k after taxes.
Cejudo looked fantastic in his last outing too though. 
It was pretty big though... Not unreasonable to assume it could burst mid-fight.
More exciting things? How do you get more exciting than that submission?
Apple are already working on this. It's called the iDot. Because you'd have to be a fucking idiot to buy one.
Forget wireless charging. Just buy a new phone when the battery dies.
Many, many phones have usb on bottom, 3.5mm on top. It'd be no different to how people currently deal with it, you'd just have to have a 3.5mm to usb c dongle permanently attached to your aux cable in your car.

I'd love 2 usb c ports on the bottom and top. Plus most new cars are Bluetooth equipped now anyway, which for most people negates the need for an aux.
Since the devices would be made to order they could have the stock pixel colours ready to ship and anyone who wants a custom order has to wait. 

It'll never happen though since Google only ever seem to make enough devices to take photos of to put on their web store.
Jesus TJ's performance was flawless. What an absolute masterclass that fight was.
Every time I see a fighter jump up and down stomping the canvas I'm convinced they're going to roll their ankle and the fight will be called off.. it's only a matter of time.
Walking down the streets of Manhatten with my brother!
I intentionally used "stung" and not "rocked" because Joe does tend to hype it up.

He was definitely stung, as in he got caught and he was visibly hurt by MJ's shots, but he wasn't in that much danger. 

My point was that MJ was able to catch him and visibly hurt him, exposing a huge flaw in his game. 
That'll do goof, that'll do.
It's unlimited until the end of 2020, when they'll start compressing any new uploaded images. 

Buy a new Pixel and get unlimited access again. Seems to be the way it'll go.
After seeing khabib get stung by MJ in their fight I've no doubt Conor could knock him out.

He'd obviously have to avoid the takedown, though...
I expect the obligatory "RIP inbox" edit in an hour or so
6 people have already replied, but I want to keep this thing going.

Not in a title fight.
An environment manager at work was just nominated for an award for setting up recycling for waste printer toner cartridges.

That's literally his fucking job. He was nominated for an award for doing his job. We're supposed to recycle them anyway, which means he wasn't already doing his job for the year that he worked there. 
The dot/mini are just smaller versions of the Echo/Home. All the same features but with worse speakers.
> How could this increase money to "fighters" through sponsorship when they are locked into Reebok as their sole sponsor?

That's incorrect. Fighters can also be sponsored by Monster, so it's reasonable to assume they'll be sponsored by whatever replaces Monster. The amount that do get sponsored remains to be seen, but they aren't 100% locked into Reebok.
TRTitor was better than Vitor because of confidence? That's ridiculous. He was better because he was full to the gills with extra testosterone.
What I mean is they should already be making devices are robust enough that customers don't need to use the 2 year warranty they're obliged to offer. 

No need to increase price to account for warranty claims if your devices don't break. 
*starting* price is 1000. That's crazy. 

You'd have to be nuts to spend $1000 on a laptop that's gimped by chrome os. 
I don't think you can really say it won. It's doing better than Android Wear, but it's still pretty shit.

Edit - I'd love to see some sales figures, guys. 

Apple don't release sales figures for the Apple Watch. I can't think of any other reason for that other than it's not doing as well as they hoped.

Smart watches are a solution for a problem people don't have.
> though the moto 360 should never have been made.

The universal praise it got for its design made other companies step up and take notice.

It definitely should have been made, but the old omap processor was a ridiculous choice. It was years out of date when they chose it. A cost saving measure that the consumer paid the price for.
Huawei watch is currently on gen 2. Though gen 1 is a much nicer watch imo. Gen 2 went for a sportier look and ruined what made the first one so nice.

Saying that, I sold mine after 6 months just like I did my gen 1 moto 360. There isn't enough substance in the platform to warrant the big hit in battery life to your phone.

People say how their watch hardly impacts battery life, but when I stopped using mine my phone started lasting right up to when I go to bed. Before it'd need charging around 6pm.

Android wear is designed to make you use your phone *less*, so it shouldn't leave you with less battery than before...
That would be great but I feel as though that'd be it's main selling point. Since they didn't mention it I'd say it's highly unlikely.
Which is what I said in my comment...
That's great, but my point still stands - it doesn't make a big difference. 

It could be micro USB, USB-C, or a proprietary cable and it really wouldn't make a difference. No one would have an issue if it was a standard round power cable, but because they're providing the same function with micro instead of C people are up in arms about it.
Yeah that'd be my ideal team. 

I hope Hardy starts taking more shows once Rogan goes but I wouldn't be unhappy if DC/DC started doing more instead.
> You can't expect a company to lower their profit because of the law.

I kinda can. Companies should be making devices that are robust enough to not *need* the two year warranty.
Bought a £250 pair of headphones from there for £150 when they were going out of business. 

10/10 would go bust again.

Sucks for the hundreds/thousands of people that lost their jobs though..
You are correct.
Oh yeah for sure this is 100% a scam. I just meant that people that *do* fall for it won't be out of pocket for too long.
> The cognitive bias of illusory superiority derives from the metacognitive inability of low-ability persons to recognize their own ineptitude.

This wiki entry reads like it was written by someone suffering from the Dunning-Kruger effect.
You'd absolutely get your money back from this. eBay and PayPal have the sellers back in 99% of cases.

Hell I even bought something once 99% sure it was a scam on the off chance it wasn't. Got my money back no problem.

Edit - they have the buyers back, not the sellers. Oops.
I've never really liked Hughes, but I'll admit this made me teary eyed. I'm glad he's doing better.
I agree. I have a note 8 and I think it's the only good looking phone with rounded corners. I hate the look of the s8, v30 and pixel 2. The v30 and pixel 2 especially, since they look clunky compared to the note 8.
It looks fucking stupid...
You haven't missed it.
You have a microphone in your pocket...
For me the Home is a no-brainer. It integrates with the services I use better than the Echo. 
Dixon's? Is that still a thing? I thought it went the way of Comet and was long gone
The fact it's EU law means there should be no price increase for it.

We aren't paying the mark-up for the extra warranty. Companies have to comply with it by law. 
We all know it's going to be another shitshow with backorders for weeks.
It only has a big reaction because people act as though everything this show does is a masterpiece and worthy of the highest praise.


The only reason I was disappointed with this episode was because I assumed that Rick's confrontation with the president was going to be the president of the citadel.

Other than that, it was a great episode. One of the best this season imo.
The only reason I was disappointed with this episode was because I assumed that Rick's confrontation with the president was going to be the president of the citadel.

Other than that, it was a great episode. One of the best this season imo.
He was actually really good. I was disappointed when they ousted him for the main event.
Yeah I love Cruz's commentary. 

They have some great commentary teams now - Rogan/Cruz, Rogan/DC, Hardy/Gooden are all fantastic.
> He typically lands 2.59 takedowns per fight. By comparison someone like Cain averages over 5. Khabib over 6.

That doesn't necessarily tell the whole story. For example when Frankie took down Yair he kept him down. No need for multiple takedowns.
I actually really like the iPhone 8.

I've never owned an iPhone and don't plan to, but I'd love an iPhone 8 running android. I get that it's now a 4 year old design (and the bezels are large), but I think the 6-8 are the best looking phones in the business. I think the only phone that tops it is the note 8.
Realistically you're gonna plug it in once and forget about it. Doesn't really need to be usb c.

Not that it shouldn't be usb c, but it really won't matter.
He *did* do shit for the new guys though. He helped build the company that one day was worth $4.2b. 

not that I believe they should keep paying him for doing nothing though. If he wanted to keep the job he should've actually, like, worked...

He was paid for the work he put in when he was fighting. No one owes him anything - what he got was a bonus from a family business, which the ufc isn't anymore.
Or both.
He does move his head a fraction of an inch. 
I will never stop finding that hilarious.

Fight was terrible, but it was entertaining in different ways.
So what's the issue? 
Missed weight against McCall then posted some whiny Instagram video saying he missed weight because he was moving up to Bantamweight and to come fight him there.
Why is that probable?
It would also mean they're frequently fighting bigger guys.
> edit: he didn't turn it around at all

I feel as though people wanting to avoid event spoilers shouldn't be in a thread about the event... It's inevitable that other flights will be discussed freely.
Note 8 here on 7.1.1. My alarm didn't go off this morning. 
Not sure if this is exclusively Oreo related. I'm running 7.1.1 on my Note 8 and my alarm didn't go off this morning, and I'm using the Google clock.

It's been working all week and suddenly this morning it didn't. 
I'd definitely give him a chance, but size was the main issue when he fought Cruz.

He was much faster than him so Cruz just shut him down with wrestling. 
Whittaker's best asset is his boxing... And Bisping has arguably better boxing. 
For me it's "bloat" because it's not compatible with my bank. Eager to try it when it launched though. what
Not entirely sure why you're sitting on downvotes at the minute. This fight was fucking insane. 
I have a note 8, and while I don't really use Bixby I don't see a problem with it. 

This is my first Samsung since the S3 so I'm no fanboy, but it's really not an issue. I've never accidentally clicked it, it isn't in your face, and the limited time I've spent using it has been pleasant enough. It's certainly better than Google Now when it launched.

If people are so against the dedicated button then don't buy the phone. It's the biggest case of first world problems I've seen around here for ages.

"I bought a phone knowing it has a feature I don't like so I'm going to bitch and whine about it until it changes and I get my way." People need to grow up.
I love Platinum. Memes aside, he's entertaining to watch and he's working hard to provide a better life for him and his girlfriend. 

I just hope he doesn't go out like Wanderlai or Hunt with his willingness to take shots to the head.
Yup. I pay £20 and have totally unlimited data.

Prices have gone up now I think though. Up until last year I was paying £13 for the same contract, but they upped it to £20. Still a great deal though.
Your analogy doesn't work. 

Gaming can be a profession as well as a hobby, so he's essentially keeping his work and personal life separate. 

If he didn't have viewers he wouldn't make money.
Your analogy doesn't work. 

Gaming can be a profession as well as a hobby, so he's essentially keeping his work and personal life separate. 

If he didn't have viewers he wouldn't make money.
Conor made Nate by getting beat by him?

No. Nate made himself by tapping Conor on two weeks notice. 
If I had to choose between tapping and getting my arm/leg snapped and potentially never being the same again, you get your ass I'm tapping. Literally risking their whole career for their pride.
Solid advice, but unfortunately not everyone is financially secure enough to be able to take a year out following a knockout. 
That trip won bisping the title. Rockhold looked set to recover then Bisping tripped him and was able to swarm.

I don't think the trip was even visible on the original camera angle but was shown in the replay.
Nokia had something similar that you had to have an adapter for to use headphones. It was on the right side of the n90 which made it super awkward to use, especially if you wanted to put it in your pocket.
T-Mobile and Orange merged a few years ago and the new network is called Everything Everywhere.
That was priceless. Dude's laid out potentially dead behind him and he's busting a move like he's god damn parappa the rapper.
Platinum bless.
There is no perfect out. If he used steroids just while his leg was healing, he still cheated.
> Rockhold is easy fucking work for Whittaker. 

Some of the shit I see in this sub is a fucking joke.
I've always said, and maintain, that werdum is a fucking weirdo. He comes across as though he doesn't know how to conduct himself in public.
Hadn't considered that. it's very possible.
My phone gets hotter using the wired charger than it ever did with a wireless one.
I'd personally take the additional 0.8mm and added convenience over an extra 250mah battery capacity.
Huh, I didn't realise Starbucks had partnered with Powermat. Thanks for the info. For whatever reason I just assumed it'd be Qi as it's the most popular, but it looks like McDonald's also used Powermat.

This could get confusing for consumers who try to use the wireless charging and think that it doesn't work because they're using the wrong standard.
No it doesn't. 

Charging your battery harms it. Discharging your battery harms it. Not using your battery harms it.

Wireless charging doesn't do "a lot of harm" to your battery. It might do slightly more damage than conventional charging, but nothing significant that would be more noticeable over the expected lifespan of the phone.
The idea is that the charger is integrated into the table, so no need to take your own charger with you.
> Also, there is more clutter with wireless charging -- instead of just having a cable on your desk you now how a cable and a charging base

I disagree. A cable laid out on your desk looks messy. A wireless charger is a thing that looks as though it's meant to be there, rather than something that looks like it hasn't been tidied away.
Have you ever seen a wireless charging receiver? It's not even a millimetre thick. They're so thin that you could retroactively fit one into most phones like I did with my Oneplus One.
It also depends on the phone. I could get my Nexus 5 in the right spot 99% of the time with one of those cheap round ones from eBay. My Nexus 6 on the other hand was a nightmare. It had to be millimetre-perfect to start charging.
> Being able to pick up the phone without interrupting charging.

This is actually being worked on. Not sure how far away it is, but it's a very real possibility.

> faster charging

This is already a thing, though it's still limited to Samsung phones.

> Less heat

My phones never got hot whilst wireless charging. YMMV.

> Universal compatibility

Qi is the golden standard, and now apple has adopted it it'll be everywhere. Every Starbucks, every McDonald's and every bedside table.

It's not for everyone, sure. But it's definitely a nice-to-have.
I integrated a wireless charger into my bedside table to use with my Nexus 5 and 6 and it was great. When it was time to sleep I just put it down on the table and it charged overnight.

I put one in my desk, too. I'm excited to use it again when my note 8 arrives.
I'm so glad Apple have adopted Qi.

Wireless charging support all but disappeared until Samsung decided they were going to do it, which I bet is what made Apple take notice and adopt it.

Now Apple support it it'll be everywhere. I hope we see a resurgence of Qi enabled devices because I miss wireless charging so much!
I'm talking about his last fight with barboza. Melendez, like Nate, doesn't make a habit of checking leg kicks. 
> The last sentence rings a bellend

Um... What?
Hep b, not hiv.

Hepatitis isn't always permanent. It's possible for your body to flush it out.
Yeah I get that. Though I suppose that actually speaks for the quality of the skins - some reviewers (like dave2d) only have a few shots with the skins on, so I doubt they're obliged to keep it on the whole time, but the fact that so many do must mean they genuinely like the skin.

Not that it helps with your issue. But at least the product they're advertising is good I suppose.
I agree that the issues with icons is making mountains out of molehills - but I think people are so bothered by it because Google's track record for following through with things is notoriously bad.

In a way it's just another small thing on top of a huge pile of issues people have with Android. Though admittedly I haven't experienced any big issues in a long time - I don't remember the last time my battery was drained due to a rogue process, and I'm not actively managing my wakelocks, I'm not even rooted.

I'm at the point now where I don't want or need to constantly tinker and mess with my phone to get it to do what I need it to do, and I think that's a huge milestone in terms of the platforms maturity. I just wish Google would put more effort into projects instead of forgetting about them and moving onto something else.
> Or maybe an icon isn't the highest priority on their list.

That's the issue though. Don't roll something out until it's ready. You can't introduce a new aesthetic and expect people to adhere to it if you can't even adhere to it internally.

Google literally half asses everything. Remember the cross device notification mirroring? So if you dismissed a notification on your phone it'd dismiss on your other devices? What the hell happened to that? It never even worked for Google's own apps.
> In MMA, you either win, or learn

While the sentiment is nice, that's not always true. Melendez' legs are a perfect example of not winning and not learning from it.
I fucking loved that song when I first heard it. About shit myself with excitement when I heard it playing in this episode.
He couldn't - there's another photo of him that makes the rounds where he's on crutches following the Aldo fight.
> Factually, it won't be noticeable.

What facts back this up? My 3t can hold more things on memory for longer than a phone with less ram, which means less time spent reloading apps when multitasking. So yes, it is noticeable. 

> The difference is not that noticeable. 2k and 4k is overkill for a 5 inch screen.

Have you ever actually compared a 1080p vs 1440p phone? The difference is noticeable, especially if you use it for VR. Not everyone does, but for those that do the difference is night and day. My 1080p screen is "good enough" for me, but I don't expect everyone to feel that way.

> Both phones are "good enough" to take cell phone pictures. No cell phone on the market will take pictures of the same quality as a camera at the same price point

So because the phone's camera isn't as good as a dedicated camera you might as well use a mediocre phone camera? Not everyone wants to carry around a separate camera, and would rather have a phone that can take good photos rather than ok photos.

> But feel free to go buy a $4000 gaming computer to do spreadsheets. It's your money

What are you even talking about?

> And some information that makes the Toyota/Ferrari analogy even more ridiculous. A 2017 Toyota Corolla goes from 0-100km/h in 10.5 seconds. A Ferrari 488 goes from 0-100km/h in 3 seconds. If you take the fastest flagship phone on the market and the slowest mid-range budget phone in the same year, the difference in speed is maybe 15%, not over 300%.

The analogy wasn't about the literal speed of the device. It was about comparing a basic "a-b" car to a more premium, high end car. We're talking better processor, gpu, ram, screen, storage capacity, camera, charging speed etc. etc. All the bells and whistles you get on a premium flagship that you don't on a midrange phone. Not literally "this phone is faster than this one".
That's unnecessarily hostile. 

I won't be getting a pixel 2 FWIW, but the fact is the Moto x4 is a midrange phone. 

Numbers on paper *do* matter. Do you think you won't notice the difference between the x4's 3gb of ram and my 3t's 6gb? 

Do you not think I can notice the difference between my 3t's 1080p panel vs my brother's s8's 2k panel? 

Do you think Motorola's mediocre camera software will measure up the Pixel? 

I don't think that makes anyone a snob for not being content with "good enough". Your idea of wasting money and someone else's are totally different. No need to be a dick about it.
The moto x4 has a SD 630, 3GB ram and a 1080p screen. It might be "good enough", but it's not on the same level.
I wouldn't say a Moto g5 and a Note 8 are like a 2016 and 2017 corolla.

He's comparing budget to flagship, not last year's flagship to this year's.
I'm very anti-case, and I've never dropped any of my 20+ phones.

But they definitely do scratch. I don't have any marks on the screen of my 5mo Oneplus 3t, but there are a few chips in the metal from setting it down on surfaces etc.

Sure it takes away from the aesthetic of the phone slightly, but so does a case. What's the point in using a case to preserve the aesthetics if you never get to appreciate how it looks because it's always covered by a case?
I'd say it's the opposite - making an unauthorised deposit in the sex bank.
Robbing banks?
I don't think it's an issue.

The carbon fibre ones look horrible, but that's personal preference. The actual quality of their skins is great.

I've had a mahogany, stone, marble and zebra wood and they all looked great. 

I'd rather content creators got their phones from dbrand so they can remain impartial and not be pressured into giving the phone a good review out of fear of not getting review units in the future.
The problem with that is that you're taking what Faber and Cody say as fact. 

Faber and Cody have done nothing but talk shit about TJ since he left. Anything they say has to be taken with a hefty dose of skepticism because they don't like TJ.

We'll never know if it was intentional or not.

What we *do* know is that Chris had been concussed twice recently before the alleged knee, and continued to spar *after* the alleged knee. The knee to the head wasn't the only contributing factor. 

That'd be like a drunk guy complaining that the controls of a car were too confusing and made him crash. Yeah maybe the controls were confusing, but he shouldn't have been driving. 
I think you've totally missed the point.

If he was kneed to the *top* of the head, it's likely it was an accident. You don't accidentally knee someone to the back of the head. 

The difference is one would have been accidental, and the other vindictive. Cody is trying to push the narrative that TJ intentionally kneed him to get back at him, when it's entirely possible that it was a totally accidental knee. 

He shouldn't have been in there anyway since he'd recently been concussed. Then he continued sparring after the alleged knee... There are a lot of factors at play here. It's not as simple as "TJ illegally kneed him and ended his career".
Honestly... I'd say worse. Not because I think Conor's chances where good, but Ray's chances are just *terrible*.
Imagine Mighty Mouse being Jon Jones sized...

Would you rather fight 100 Mighty Mouse sized Jon Jones', or 1 Jon Jones sized Mighty Mouse?
Yeah I'm all for shitting on Reebok, but Mighty Mouse isn't an original name that was coined just for him.

It'd be like being called Demetrious "Scooby Doo" Johnson. Can't just go printing that on an official Reebok branded fight kit.
> Also i dont think Apple patents are reaching to EU too

Iirc Germany got a slightly redesigned galaxy tab a few years ago because it infringed on Apple's patents.
If you're referring to the recent JRE where he tells the story of his coach saying "sometimes they die" I believe it's 1005. Either that or the may/Mac breakdown episode.
So that's how they make it last a month...
I'm the first person to shit on Apple for terrible design choices that sacrifice function for form... but that's impressive. 
No idea why he buzzed it off after the weigh-ins. It looks decent cropped short, but he looks bad with it buzzed off.
That's actually a really cool idea. Like Dex but an all-in-one rather than a dock.
I believe it stems from the MSN messenger days - since L is so close to the colon on a keyboard, it became the defacto shortcut for an animated laughing emoticon.

Emoticons fell out of use, :L didn't. I still have friends that use it almost 10 years after we stopped using MSN messenger.
Doesn't matter. Those people still bought with the intent to watch it.

Overall revenue will take a hit, but it was technical issues preventing them from watching. In terms of the sheer interest in this fight, it was huge.

Add to that the predicted 3 million illegal streams... Holy moly this fight was watched far and wide.
Same thing happened with the VW scandal - the US got rebates and buybacks and free shit. Here in the UK we got a "fix" that left more than a few cars unroadworthy.
This is the main reason I didn't go see it at the cinema.

I anticipated hearing "who the fuck is that guy?!" And "you'll do nuttin" all night long.

Ended up watching it at a mates house with pizza. Definitely the right decision.
I guess it's different in the states since the cars are registered on a state by state basis, but in the UK the car is assigned a registration plate before it's driven off the lot.
I imagine the plot of land on the uninhabitable salt marsh isn't exactly expensive. 
I think you're confusing "objectively" with "subje..."

No actually you're right. He's definitely objectively a sour bitch.
Floyd could legitimately pass for 30.
Floyd doesn't need it shipping anywhere, he pretty much never leaves Vegas.
Not for the first offence.

First offence should be 1-2 years, second is for life, imho.

You can't just ban someone for life on the first offence. What if it genuinely was a tainted supplement? Oh well, banned for life. No second chances.
Only the first one. 

Each trailer that came after it gave us more glimpses of how "funny" it was.

The first trailer made it seem dark and serious, then it just got more and more silly. It was a huge disappointment.
Yeah it's only a short clip, but you can see how flustered and beat up Paulie is. 

You're not seriously suggesting that this is the only part of the footage where Conor looks good are you? Paulie looks an absolute state. 
Was expecting incredulous Cormier.
It's definitely more effective than not burning it though, surely.

Like why not burn the clothes and *then* dump the remains somewhere? Scatter them in various places or in the sea or something. Don't literally just leave evidence somewhere for someone to find.

Or do, I guess. I'd rather they leave evidence behind and get caught so they can't do it again.
He got hammered by Rockhold and could barely stand after the knees from mouse.

I suppose they weren't "brutal" losses, but he was beaten handily by all three of them.

> when she noted blood on his clothes he threw into the sewer 

The fact that people do this is crazy. You're leaving evidence out in the world for someone to find. 

Why wouldn't you just burn them? 
Yeah but it's not like Weidman is close to a title shot any time soon... He's got a win over a chunky WW fighting at MW after three brutal losses. 

Weidman has looked less than spectacular for a while now.
> he wasn't doing too bad

That's true, but Wonderboy was doing much better. So "not too bad" wasn't going to cut it.
I think the implication is that no one has done that to Masvidal *yet*.

It's only a matter of time. In most cases, anyway.
Sure it's a possibility, but Whittaker just became interim champion at 185, and he beat Romero for it, no less.
I'll be honest, speeds can vary a lot.

I'm currently in the middle of town on 4G and I just did two speed tests. First test averaged 12mbps down (topped out at 25mbps) and averaged of 23mbps upload. Second test did 20 down and 19 up.

It's generally quite good in 3G only areas, and coverage has improved drastically over the years, but for example I get full signal on 3/4g at work but my data constantly cuts out, even when signal is full. That only ever seems to happen at work though, and people on other networks have the same problems, so I guess it's an issue with the actual building.

I've been with three for 6 years and I've always been happy. Never been overcharged or had my speeds throttled or anything. 

Overall 9/10, would recommend, but for sheer breadth of coverage I don't think EE can be beaten. 
I doubt it will change. Three implemented "feel at home" a couple of years ago as a selling point for their plans - no roaming charges in select countries. They continued to expand the list of countries until EU roaming was abolished, and it also includes many countries outside of the EU, so I'm confident it'll remain once the UK leaves.
Sometimes I forgot how bad you guys actually get it over in the states.

Here in the UK on Three I get *totally* unlimited data, no restrictions, with 20gb to use as a personal hotspot, with no EU roaming costs and no roaming costs in some other countries outside the EU (like the states), for £20 per month.
Or Lombard.

He landed *two* elbows after Lombard went down. And he didn't just go down, he fucking crumpled. There was no way he was coming round after that, and he still landed two elbows before the ref pushed him off.

He's a fucking dick.
I loved the size and the speakers, but I had so many issues the Nexus 6. I got it when it went on sale for £250 and I still felt robbed - I'd have been pissed if I'd paid full price.
A drunk friend intentionally ruined it last night, just to be a dick. I was so, so pissed off. 
He's only 33.
Imo, small bezels =/= premium phone.

I don't see why large bezels are such a turn off. It's not like it's got an inch of bezel on each size of the screen...
Sometimes I just think "fuck the Rock."

You know why? Because the dude makes the rest of us look bad. He's such an unbelievably great dude, no matter how pushy and in-your-face his fans are, he always responds with a smile and positivity.

Here I am getting pissed off when I get a call too early at work on a Monday morning, and the Rock is out there somewhere being a perfect example of what every person should aspire to be.
Either they aren't scratches, or you have magic hands.
Thanks. I wanted to transfer the scissors to my Wave and replace the saw, but because I've modified my Wave to be left handed it means I'd have to replace one of the blades instead of the saw/file. Oh well.

I do like how the half wingman looks though. The shape of it works really well - a wave cut in half wouldn't look as good as the wingman does.
They're easy enough to reassemble, but take a picture before you disassemble it so you know which tools to where and the locations of the washers etc.
A couple elbows to the face in the clinch and Floyd is on queer street with no standing 8.
When Google first went with on-screen buttons I was all for it. Decided it was the way forward and hardware buttons could suck a dick.

But after using the Oneplus X and 3t I've really come to prefer capacitive keys. 
> If this were in mma setting then I'd probably root for McGregor

Probably? Let's be real, anyone above 135 would likely fuck Floyd up under MMA rules. There's just too many ways he could lose. Even MMA boxing - one proper clinch against the cage and Floyd would be finished. He's used to getting separated fairly quickly in the clinch.
Blaydes looked awful in his last fight. He won, but man he gassed out early.
AFAIR it was a medically induced coma, which isn't the same as falling into a coma for a few weeks. 

Still an amazing recovery though. I'll be honest, I thought he'd be incapacitated for a long while, if not forever.
Good question.

I'd be inclined to say yes, simply because it's been going on for so long. Especially since he's literally only just signed - the fight had been confirmed and scrapped multiple times, all before gsp had actually signed the contract.
No one in the history of the sport has honeydicked as much as gsp.

Hardy has been hinting about it for about a year after he was cleared to fight. The only reason he stopped was because he didn't want to undergo surgery that he thought was unnecessary.
I feel as though the write-up should be accompanied by clips of the knockouts...
There are loads of people on YouTube that go around carrying guns and then citing their rights when questioned by the police.

It's really fucking stupid. They go out with the sole intention of arguing with a police officer, and acting like assholes when approached/questioned.
Did you assume the panther also had some sort of developmental issues that made it look like a gorilla?
I know fashion is subjective, and my taste might not align with everyone else's, but that is an objectively terrible haircut.
Yup
I'd say about 49/1
I don't blame mark for anything, but he "knew" Brock was juicing before the fight and was confident he'd knock him out. 

If he was so certain Brock was juicing he should have turned down the fight.

That said, a fighter shouldn't be in the position where they should have to turn down a fight because they suspect their opponent is on something. And this wasn't the first time it's happened to Mark. 

I dunno... The whole thing was shitty.
They're essentially the same phone. If they support the 3t they might as well support the 3. At the same time, if they stop support for the 3, they might as well stop for the 3t.

Kinda shitty that they're stopping support so soon though.
Last week I searched for the *exact* title of a post and Reddit couldn't find it.

The search feature is legitimately terrible. 
Ricebrown, if you're out there, hit me up.
Fedor was an example of excellent recovery.

He was always getting dropped or rocked, but he always weathered the storm and pulled it back. 

Until the last few years, anyway.
I have a white Shepherd that jumps up at me literally every time I walk in the door. I get annoyed at her because come on man I've literally just gone outside for 20 seconds...

Then I get annoyed at myself for being annoyed with her because who else is that happy to see me every time I walk through the door?
> He doesn't complain, or make excuses, and it's not for lack of confidence either. He seems to have a really well balanced personality

It's because he's Australian. He's chill as fuck.
I fucking love Stipe. My only worry is that Cain returns healthy... I don't know who I'd want to win. They'd just have to fight to a draw for the next 10 years.
It's the only option for him if he wins. Whittaker is the interim champion so the winner of Bisping vs GSP has to fight to unify the belts.

Personally I see Whittaker as a less polished version of Bisping (though younger and with better TDD), so if gsp bests bisping he should be able to beat Whittaker.

Doubt he'll be able to get either fighter to the floor though. His jab better have stayed crisp because he'll be needing it come fight night.
I pointed this out a few days ago when someone said Weidman would "easily" take him town and submit him.

Bisping's *only* submission loss came after a knockdown, not a takedown.
A mix of both I think. When the competition stepped up he started being a lot more reserved with his striking.

Back in the day he was almost a brawler, nowadays he's a lot more precise with his shots.
> If they're adding a 225lbs just make it 225lbs+

225+ would be the same as 265+ though. 225 would be the upper weight limit, not the lower. 225+ and 265+ are essentially just anything over 205.
Not if Matt Hamill has anything to say about it.
Yes he did. Lombard crumpled and was out and he landed not one but two clean elbows to his face before Herb could push him away.
Yeah for sure it's no easy fight for either of them, though after Weidman's recent skid I'm not sure he'd be betting favourite.

Weidman is an excellent wrestler and would have the advantage if he were to take the fight to the ground. Bisping has good TDD and is an excellent boxer, and would likely take Weidman to a decision if he can keep it standing.
Bisping has 1 submission loss to Luke Rockhold, which came after a knockdown, not from a takedown. 

Bisping has decent TDD and is good at getting back to his feet. I'm not saying Weidman would be a walk in the park for bisping, but he could tool him up on the feet while avoiding the takedown.

If bisping can knockout Luke Rockhold he can definitely outbox Weidman to a decision.
Bit of a tangent, but don't they often make fight pass free for the weekend/night so people can watch without having to subscribe?
What about when he repeated the exact same move when he KO'd Lombard?
> i'm sure he wouldn't find it funny if he damaged bisping for life and had to explain why he threw that elbow to bisping's family

To be honest he strikes me as the type of person that wouldn't care. 
Weidman has been so whiney lately.

I kinda wish he was next in line for a shot after being Gastelum (lol) so bisping could finally shut him up. 
It's crazy how hendo is thought of so highly around here. Dude abused TRT and outright admitted he knew bisping was out and the fight was over, and threw that elbow just to hurt him. Not to ensure that the fight was over, because he wanted to *hurt* bisping even more. 

Hendo is a fucking dick.
I wanted Cowboy to win, but I didn't have a problem with Lawler taking the decision. I had them at one round each going into the third and I didn't know who to give round 3 to.

I hope we get a 5 round rematch.
Dana shut that shit down in the post fight conference at 214. 
If Alvarez took a dive he deserves an Oscar.
Yeah, booing when they're in the cage is one thing I can't abide by.

Whether or not I think a fight is boring I wouldn't dream of booing someone while they're fighting. It's beyond disrespectful.

Even more disrespectful is the way Dana acted post-fight. He definitely owes Woodley an apology. There's admitting you didn't enjoy a fight and then there's unnecessarily shitting on someone when you're in a position of power. The way he acted was disgraceful. 
I wore my gen 1 Moto 360 for around 4 months before selling it. That was when AW was still new and in its infancy.

I picked up a Huawei watch last December, and while it was much improved from the earlier AW software, I stopped using it at the beginning of April. Again, 4 months after I got it.

I don't miss wearing it one bit. And I've noticed my phone battery lasts a *lot* longer. On days where I hardly used my phone with my watch connected, I'd get in from work with 40-50% battery. Now I no longer use it I get home with 70% battery. 

If you can pick up a 2nd gen AW watch for a decent price I'd recommend it, just to try it out more than anything. If you travel a lot it's super useful to use for navigation and music controls. But overall, you're really not missing much.
I think that's quite a dismissive argument. 

I'd consider myself a Woodley fan, and I enjoy fights that are often seen as boring (like Wonderboy vs Rory), but Woodley's last three fights have been straight up boring.

That's not to say it's his fault - as he said, he's fighting specialists and had to be careful with Wonderboy because he can fuck you up real quick, and one mistake against Maia and you're being choked unconscious. I understand why he played it safe and can't blame him for being careful. And it's as much of his opponents responsibility to push the action as it is his. 

But they were still boring fights.
That's fair. Just thought you being called arrogant for posting the video was uncalled for.
Why change what you said? Even with the rape allegation, the public perception of Tyson has undoubtedly changed over the years. 

Tyson was a young cokehead being enabled by his manipulative manager. If the rape allegation was indeed true, it's a terrible crime that he deserved to serve time for. 

Even so - people can and do change. A person's mistakes stick with them forever, but don't necessarily mean they're tainted and can never be considered less than 100% evil for the rest of their lives.
It baffles me how people can outright despise someone they've never met in person.

People saying Jones is a shitty, evil person... I mean yeah he's obviously no saint and has made some terrible choices, but to say he's evil without ever having met him is just absurd. As a public figure you don't actually have your life under a microscope - usually only the bad things come to light. Where are the news stories of Jones helping an old lady cross the street, or encouraging people at his gym? Obviously these are hypothetical, but they're things we'd never see.

A person's bad choices don't make that person 100% bad.
Also consumption iirc.
People with legitimately illegal things they want to hide don't use Facebook messenger and Snapchat and WhatsApp. They use cheap £10 phones from the supermarket that can be easily discarded.

The government being able to see WhatsApp conversations isn't going to help them fight terrorism in any meaningful way. It's just an excuse to monitor what people do online.

I'm in the UK and the laws the conservatives are trying to pass are hilarious. They want to be able to see everyone's internet history, certain types of porn are now illegal (facesitting for example...) It's about control and surveillance of the general public. Oh, and politicians are exempt from these laws.
No it wouldn't affect my life in any way, and they might be reading my conversations. Though most of my conversations are using WhatsApp, so hopefully they aren't reading them...
 
But knowing that they have outright unfettered access to my conversations would leave me feeling uneasy. We're not entitled to much, but privacy should be one of those things we're entitled to. At least when WhatsApp wasn't a free service, anyway...
Haha the porn thing was a joke more than anything, but at the same time it's a private thing that I wouldn't want anyone else to see. But that doesn't make it illegal, so the government have no business being able to see it.

The conversations between my girlfriend and I aren't a threat to national security, but I'd hate to think that someone else is reading them. 
He tried to take him down... Jones got right back up.
Yeah I don't believe he's in contention for GOAT status. But he's still seen as a legend, even though he could never get the win over GSP.

if BJ "pencil" Penn can be seen as an MMA legend, DC can definitely get recognition for being one of the best. At least I hope so...
No it's not. 

You're comparing two wildly different possibilities as though they're of equal probability. 
I think DC will get his recognition. He's undefeated besides Jones, and he competed at HW and LHW. DC is a legit beast, he just didn't have what it takes to beat Jones.

No shame in that, up to now no one else has, either. Look at BJ Penn - he's seen as a legend, completed in 5(?) different weight classes, but could never beat GSP. He's diminishing his legacy now because he *refuses* to quit, but before that he was an icon.
It is disputable, because you don't know how he feels about the things he's done.

Personally I feel like it seems as though he doesn't care about the people he's affected other than himself, but that's total speculation. You can't say he's 100%, indisputably a sociopath because we just don't know.
Someone unable to experience real emotion would usually be considered a psychopath.
While this is possible, I also think it's kind of unfair because it's literally impossible to disprove. 

Jones could have done a complete 180 and actually be working to become a better person, but it's impossible to disprove that it's all just an act. 

Sure he engaged in pre-fight trash talk, but it wasn't anything particularly overboard or downright malicious. And until he fucks up again I think we should be cautiously optimistic that he's trying to turn his life around.

All that said, you might be entirely right. He could be sandblasting a prostitute right now and we wouldn't know.
My friend, a recent DC fan, said DC looked like a chubby midget next to Jones. 

I'm also a DC fan but... He was right. Jones dwarfs DC.
You lost literally all credibility when you said he'd be a journeyman at best.

DC was undefeated at heavyweight and was usually the smaller fighter. Skill and athleticism are more important than your height.

Sorry my man, but you're talking absolute shite.
Whenever it does this just refresh the page.

I *always* get the unauthorized to view or page took too long to load, and ever single time it works when I refresh the page without fail. It's annoying but oh well.
I hate the whole "if you have nothing to hide then why do you care about privacy?" argument.

I'll tell you why, Sharon, because I don't want my internet browsing history to one day get leaked and have the whole world know my oddly specific porn preferences. 

I also don't want the government to have even easier access to my life. Imaging having the power to access everything everyone says over texts, instant messengers etc. That's global surveillance, and it's terrifying.
> Please explain.....how can you really compare his resume to theirs? At all? If you're saying the fighters are better now that's why his resume is better, that's like saying Aaron judge is a better player than babe Ruth! You compare their records to the timeframe they fought in. I mean cmon.....and I'm the one who doesn't know what they are talking about. You're all a bunch of filthy casuals



I think he was just trolling for downvotes. I've seen him/her a bit further down in the comments section with some random comments that are sitting at around -40.
It depends on how frequently you use it. Habitual users can test positive for over a week.

Also I don't think it was a pre-fight drug test, it was an out of competition drugs test, which is why he didn't face any repercussions.

Still, stupid decision though.
It wasn't tainted Viagra. It was tainted dick pills.

No one is going to believe tainted Viagra, but cheap, shady dick pills? Sure. there's hundreds of brands to choose from. 
What the fuck did I just read...
I agree that he looked good in the fight, but he wasn't well on his way to winning at all...
Yep, I have my PC as one of my main storage locations on the sidebar to the left. 

It also has a useful split screen view when in landscape so you can copy/paste between two locations really easily.
I remember when ES explorer was the gold standard for file explorers on android... Such a shame.

Solid Explorer is a solid (lol) alternative for anyone looking for a good file explorer. Worth every penny.
Thanks for the correction!
Dan is a great ref, but Mario does that cute little heart thing before a fight... I think we know who we want to ref this fight.
Honestly I'm surprised he has any teeth left.
Jones said he feels as though being the champion is part of his identity. 

I don't think he'll retire if he loses. It means way too much to him.
He's been missing a tooth for ages. I don't remember when, but I *think* he lost it in training.

He sometimes wears a false tooth for press events and his fox job etc, but he seems to be rocking the toothless look more these days.

Edit - /u/dopemonger has confirmed it happened when he fought Henderson. 
I have literally no interest in this fight at all. What's the point? Might as well just give cyborg the belt and let her kick back and relax. 

Whoever they put in there with her is gonna get steamrolled. I have no interest in watching her beat the shit out of a 135er for the 145 belt.
I have £20 on Cormier to win... Not confident enough to bet any more.
My friend (UK, mk5 golf) had a similar amount of damage and they wanted to write it off. They estimated £6k worth of damage. 

He had the car transported to his cousins place who fixed it for under £700.
My dad's friend once had a Mercedes E class where the windows would automatically wind *down* when the car was locked. 
TOGETHER WE STAND!
I think "Write-off Wednesday" is a more apt title. Poor car.
Yes it is - if Jones wins he takes the title.
He recently said that he might discuss with Cain and see where he's at... If he's not ready to fight soon he might move up to HW after fighting Jones.
I mean DC is 19-1, and he's fought tall and heavier guys. I don't think he'll beat Jones, but I don't think his height is the reason.
DC isn't the lineal champion. It's a fact, even though it's not his fault. 

This is why DC is called a paper champion - he might be the *actual champion* of the division, but he didn't beat the last champion to get the belt.
DC is only 10lb out right now, so we should be good to go
The card should have been good enough to continue without the scheduled main event - if it's not good enough to go ahead without it then that's the UFCs fault.
He was given a day to leave the citadel. I guess the maester just assumes he left.

Though my first thought when seeing this was that Sam will be kicked out. 

He's told Jon about the dragonglass, what other purpose does he serve by being there?
It's important to note though. 

Two people could both have a 70" reach, but one might have a vastly wider shoulder measurement than the other. Meaning if they both stretch their arms out in front of them, the guy with the narrower shoulders will effectively have a *longer* reach, even though their reaches are the same width.
I mean really...
He's only 34. Looks like he's pushing 40
For a remote input, the fewer keys to navigate through the better.

Qwerty input on a 4-way directional controller is super inefficient.
Can you imagine DC at middleweight? Dude could run that division. Lose the extra chub and just take the 185 division by storm.
Dude, you obviously don't watch UFC. I bet you're new around here.

Mighty Mouse would smoke Bisping - Bisping is a gatekeeper that got lucky. Hell, even my ailing nan would fuck up bisping.

Seriously though - Bisping is so underrated in this sub it's almost laughable. He's an excellent boxer with great TDD and incredible cardio. His fighting style is well suited to going the distance, but unfortunately his face always seems to get busted up insanely easy. 
DC got out pointed? He got dominated for 4 out of 5 rounds. 

People need to learn to separate Jones the person and Jones the fighter.
> Grow up.

Well that was unnecessary.
Sometimes I wonder that myself.

She tends to wear a lot of trenchcoats... Maybe she's two children stacked on top of each other.
I've said this before and I'll say it again, but - controversial opinion, Rocky V was my favourite Rocky film.

Balboa was also good.

We don't speak of Rocky II.
My mum thinks it's hilarious whenever my dad is streaming something. Maybe it was the first hundred times, but the next thousand times get kinda old. 
> Embarrassing way for Uriah to go out

This wasn't his last fight. 

He went out on a complete domination of Brad Pickett. 
> I remember he tore the guys retina in that fight

Iirc the initial diagnosis was a torn retina or fractured orbital or whatever, but it turned out to just be a scratch.
No they aren't, because that's what happened.

Hendo got two good knockdowns and followed one of them up with a decent flurry of strikes. 

Bisping landed 38 more significant strikes than hendo. Hendo was gassed and basically inactive from round 3.
Revisionist? How? Hendo had a couple of moments in the fight. He got two knockdowns and a takedown he didn't do much with. Aside from that bisping dictated the fight entirely.

He landed just under 50% more significant strikes than hendo did.
People bring this up all the time as evidence of bisping being a terrible fighter - truth is he got caught in those fights but other than that won pretty handily. 

Hendo and Silva are still dangerous strikers. Look at what hendo did to Lombard - guy didn't just get knocked into the shadow realm, he settled down there with a wife and kids and a fucking mortgage. dude was *out*.
I call this one, the Pencil
I don't see how it's grasping.

Conor was the interim champion and had basically the entire world behind him when he fought Aldo. Overeem had neither of those things.

It was a totally different situation.
Also different, as Conor was the interim champion.
That seems awfully stubborn. 

Their ads aren't going to get *less* jarring, since they'd be less likely to get people to pay for the premium version. 
Ah well in that case you've nothing to worry about :)
To drop someone off/pick them up it costs £3 for 10 minutes, then £1 per minute for every minute you stay in the drop off/pick up zone after that.

10 minutes seems like ages until you realise how busy it can get there.

Here in the UK we got bottom-lit instead of backlit SPs. The screens kinda sucked on them.

Though I think they may have released the backlit ones late into its lifecycle.
Flew out of Luton recently... £1 per minute if you wait in the drop off/pick up area. What a fucking rip off.
No one is holding it against him the he lost, but earning a win over someone on a 3 fight losing streak and expecting a title shot is asking a lot. 
I can't tell if you're serious or not...

I'm not a fan of Amanda, but she sure as shit earned her title when she laid down a beating on Tate and then embarrassed Ronda. 

She's not the first champion to pull out of a fight, and she won't be the last. The fight will get rescheduled and she'll prove the doubters wrong.
Definitely. he's not a manlet, so it must be the angle.
Free plane tickets to any country in the world if they produce offspring.

Then they get some nice bamboo patio furniture if the baby panda reaches it's bar mitzvahs/bat mitzvahs.
So your opinion on it being crap was that you couldn't use it?

Seems like a fair assessment.
Please ask what color that wrap is. It's beautiful.
Silva had a solid minute in round 5 where he looked good and hurt bisping, then he took the rest of the round off, while bisping continued to push forward. When all was said and done he outlanded bisping by 1 significant strike in round 5.

He stood around for 25 minutes taking potshots and looking for a big finish. 
> Like I can easily google all that shit on my computer screen, buddy.

Seems like an odd complaint to have. 
You guys get the GLI. I'd trade the Scirocco for the GLI any day.
Watch the video that was posted - it's 100% not a gtd.
Sometimes it feels like in taking crazy pills. 
Yeah for sure. If the consumer is willing to accept it then the developer would be crazy not to do it. 

It's mental how reluctant people are to spend money on software when it's so cheap. 

People will go to a bar and spend £20 a night on alcohol, or spend £5 on their lunch every day at work, but won't spend 99p on an app or a few quid on a well made, entertaining game.
Silva also lost to Bisping... Possibly even worse than Rockhold.

Fair enough Rockhold got KO'd, but aside from the flying knee at the end of the third, Silva got outboxed by Bisping for 5 rounds. 

At least Rockhold can play the whole "it was a fluke" card. Anderson was outpointed by Bisping and there's no disputing it.
Candy crush was what really opened my eyes - it was such a simple game that completely hooked you in, and when you ran out of lives they made you wait hours at a time before you could play again... Or you could spend just 59p for three more lives and keep playing! For another 15 minutes until you run out of lives again.
It depends on the relationship you had with your ex.

I was with my ex for 7 years and we still see each other regularly. We both share the same friends and often end up seeing each other on a weekend etc. so in my situation, my friendship with my ex would take priority over a new partner.

For example, if I've been with my new SO for a month and she decides she's not ok with me being friends with my ex, then my relationship with my ex would take priority, simply because she's been such a big part of my life for so long. I wouldn't be willing to sacrifice a friendship that I value so much for someone I've known for such a short time.

It's horses for courses really. My ex maintained a friendly relationship with a few of her ex-partners and I was always fine with that, but I wouldn't expect everyone to feel the same. 
Gboard already provides suggestions based on what it *learns* from your typing habits, so it's likely that this is already happening anyway.

For example, if I type "steamed" the first suggested word is "hams". 
I haven't played any android games in years. Pay-to-win thoroughly ruined it for me. Games that were £5 once upon a time are now free and riddled with micro transactions and gimped game mechanics unless you pay to unlock extra content.

I get that many developers had to switch to this MO to keep it a profitable business, but fuck me they've really killed the enjoyment.
> Not because the Doctor is now woman, but because I feel like it was done for the sake of having a female Doctor instead of them just picking whom they felt was best.

Doctor Who has been going for so long with a male lead that it would have been impossible to choose the first female doctor without specifically choosing a female.

She may not be the best choice for the role, but it gets the ball rolling for future female doctors that are just "right" for the role.
This has been coming for a while now, as I'm sure everyone here agrees, after the various instances of Time Lords freely switching genders between regenerations.

As long as the writing remains good and doesn't devolve into "OMG the doctor is now a woman!" I think the show will carry on just fine. New Doctor, new gender, new showrunner. I'm down.

My only regret about the new doctor is that it's not Matt Smith returning. I'd have loved the 11th doctor and Clara to have had more time together in a non-romantic capacity because their chemistry was great. It was a pipedream, but I'd have gone mental if it was Matt Smith again.
Why is it strange? 

I've just parted ways with my SO and still talk with her regularly. I'd hate to cut contact with her - I've spent the majority of my adult life with her and being with her has essentially shaped me into the person I am today. Regardless of whether we still sleep with each other, she's my best friend. Would you be ok if your new SO wasn't happy with you speaking regularly with your best friend?
Imo, the curved edges on the s8 make it look like a toy. I much prefer the front glass of the Note 8.
Doesn't matter what Conor's manager thinks. If Conor wants the fight he'll get it. Conor wants it, Nate wants it, the UFC want it. 
Totally different situations. Nick is sitting out for a money fight, GSP for whatever reason. With Nate he's specifically waiting for McGregor. 

Nate knows he's not a huge draw on his own, and him taking a win over Ferguson isn't going to make a blind bit of difference to casual fans. Regardless of whether he beats anyone else or not between now and then, he'll be remembered as the guy that beat McGregor, not the guy that recently beat Ferguson or Halabeeb or whoever else.

The safest bet in terms of a payday for Nate is to sit out until the McGregor fight comes around again. He doesn't *need* to fight, he's made, so all he has to do is sit back and wait while McGregor says that the trilogy fight is in the pipeline.
> More people want to see Ferguson or Kebab, 

No they don't - fight fans want to see it. Most casual fans won't even know who Halabeeb and Ferguson are.

The demand for McGregor vs Diaz III will be huge even if Diaz doesn't fight for another 2 years, especially if McGregor goes undefeated until then. 
I have a triangular toilet in my house - had no idea they were so unusual.
You think Floyd was worried that Conor would start a fight at the presser? Floyd's bodyguards would be on top of Conor so fast he wouldn't even get a chance. 
8 years ago. Not sure if they've clamped down on security now, but it was surprisingly easy to set up an account underage. 

I was able to successfully withdraw funds, too. 
Disgraced how? I'm no Conor nuthugger, but the man knocked out Aldo and absolutely dismantled the 155 champion. His performance against Alvarez was flawless, and he still holds the 155 belt. So I'm confused as to how you justify him being a disgraced former champion...
I signed up to betfair when I was 16 without any issues. 
Yes the Maybach is now essentially a rebranded S Class, but my point still stands. The Maybach division was closed down due to lack of sales, then brought back as s rebadged s500/600.
Maybach didn't do so well themselves...
I don't like the curved screen because it makes the phone more fragile, and it catches the light awkwardly. Palm rejection doesn't always work either, meaning sometimes when you're trying to scroll nothing happens because it thinks your palm is a finger.

I don't like the curved corners because I think it makes the device look cheap. The g6 looks really tacky. The s8 looks ok, but I'd have preferred a flat version like the s7.
Please don't let the curved edges/corners be a thing...
Out-struck him 4 rounds to 1... Lol
Arguably lost? Did you watch the fight or just the highlights? The only bit of that fight where hendo was competitive was when he landed two H-bombs. Other than that he did nothing.

He didn't arguably lose that fight at all. The Silva fight I could see an argument for if you believe he was out, but you have to be crazy to think he lost the hendo fight.
Just breaking balls man, we all knew what you meant haha
> It's the picture of that guy who dies alot in lord of the rings.

AFAIR he only died the once.

Big if true, though.
People still shitting on my man bisping.

He outpointed Silva, got essentially KO'd in the 3rd and *still* won the 4th, then KO'd Luke Rockhold on two weeks notice, and him beating Whittaker would be lucky?
Yeah that's true. But the UFC has always been the endgame for fighters - get big enough to get noticed by the UFC and get signed. Now people who have made it to the top are going to a smaller promotion because they'll get treated better.

The UFC need to make some big changes. They're focusing too much on pushing big characters instead of pushing talent, and the other fighters are suffering.
I believe he was referring to the fight where DC pulled out with a leg injury and Jones fought OSP.

Do your research first, buddeh.
Coker did say that he'd snap up any fighter the UFC was stupid enough to let go. 

It's a shame they seem to be gunning for ex UFC fighters instead of creating their own talent, but if they're going to poach UFC fighters Rory and the Moose are a good start.
Bisping said he'll most likely retire once he loses the belt. I don't think we'll ever see a bisping v Romero matchup now.
That's not how interim belts work... The interim belt holder acts as the champion until the champion returns. There should never be a time when the champion returns and fights anyone other than the interim champion.

If bisping is ready to go and Whittaker isn't then Whittaker should be stripped. Whether or not that's fair, since Whittaker has just beaten two top contenders while bisping has been injured, is another matter.
I don't recall seeing that story break, a source would be good.

Regardless - you think his difference in weight between Diaz II vs Alvarez was 3-4lbs? Are you serious? He was much bigger against Diaz. 
No way he's cutting 20lbs. He weighed in at 169 to fight Diaz and that was without a weight cut - there's no way he's walking around at 175+ on fight week to fight at 155. 

He looked *much* leaner against Alvarez than he did against Diaz.
Having someone turn up literally anywhere, any time to make you piss in a cup could be considered an invasion of privacy. 

It's unlikely to happen, but imaging you've just got married, you're on your honeymoon and you're getting down to business with your new wife - then you hear a knock at the door and two usada officials are stood there demanding to take your piss.
That was simultaneously the funniest and saddest thing about his entire career.

Poor BJ. He fell so far, so fast and so hard.
I've heard they're starting a men's 125 division, too... Hasn't been much promotion for it so far though.
Get outta here you fucking goof.
> even though it's against the rules to hit a KO'd combatant

The combatant isn't KO'd until the ref says so.

Some do it to ensure they don't let their opponent recover enough to get up, some do it because they're a dick (see Hendo vs Bisping).
I'm fairly socially awkward, not cripplingly so or anything, but I find it hard to put myself out there. I struggled in school with it, especially after I found out my friends started organising things and intentionally didn't invite me. That really sucked and I'm still kinda jaded about it over 10 years later.

I've recently reconnected with a different group of friends who are all really great people, but they don't tend to invite people to anything - it's more of a "just turn up and someone will be there" and I can't get to grips with that. I'll still miss events because I've not been invited, even though I know that there's an open invitation to us all.

Socialising is hard, man. 
Same. My girlfriend rushed into the room because she thought I'd seriously injured myself or something. 

What a fight. Bisping is still my boy.
Your promos are some of the best I've seen - the UFC should legitimately hire you.

Your UFC 205 and TUF 25 promos were amazing. Much, much better than anything the UFC have ever produced.
While I agree he should follow the rules, I feel that the rules are unreasonably strict. Having to give detailed information of your whereabouts is bullshit, especially if you're a "contractor" as the ufc makes out.
Yeah it was heavyweight. Don't think he wants to cut down to 205 these days.
> which made me close the stream and nearly puke. Despicable company

Bit of an over reaction that. It's dishonest, and at the most a little bit shady, but I don't think that alone warrants branding them as despicable.
My only regret... Is that I had... Boneitis...
Like a headteacher, but for a specific year (grade) rather than the whole school.
A man can dream.
I honestly want nothing more than to see TJ lay a beatdown on Cody.

Then I want Cruz to lay a beatdown on Cody, then get a title shot against TJ. 

Those are my current top 3 fights I want to see.

Please MMA gods. Please. I don't ask for much.
He's already admitted he's experiencing some of the symptoms of CTE - brain fog, memory loss etc.

It's sad that he's still fighting when he's outright admitted to having issues with his brain.
This is exactly why.
A bunch of us all wore skirts to school one time. The head of year was *not* happy about it. Miserable dickhead.
If it was anyone else I'd agree with you - but fuck GDR, and that fucking smug look on her face after she landed the second post-bell shot.

I really don't like Cyborg, but if they fought I'd be rooting for Cyborg to beat the piss out of her.
Pretty much all sitcoms do. 
> in addition to the increasing prices of every new release

I don't think it's fair to be annoyed about that. They were clear from the start that profits would be razor thin at first, and they'd increase with each release.
I paid £440 for my black 128gb 3T. I'd be okay with £400 for the 5.
1 upvote = 1 prayer
Too soon to tell, but it definitely shouldn't be dismissed as circlejerk just yet.
So don't watch it.
Google have been selling phones for about 8 years now. Regardless of the target audience, they should know how to launch a product and not have it backordered for months.

There's literally no excuse.
Gooden and Hardy have great chemistry. They get amped for the fights and don't tone down their reactions when something big happens.

I would love them to become the go-to guys once Rogan steps away.
For the Chael Vs Tito fight I couldn't find a torrent until gone 9pm the next day. I know bellator isn't as popular as the UFC, but I couldn't believe how long it took.
They've been testing the water for the past 5 years. Surely they've done all the required testing by now.
It'll drop in price for sure. Sony always start high and then drop them in a few months. They're solid phones, too.
Having a fingerprint sensor hasn't really changed my life that much. My banking app doesn't support it, and I don't use android pay.

I use it for my lockscreen just because it's there - if I didn't have it I wouldn't use any form of lockscreen security. 

It's convenient, but not life altering for me personally.
You're not surprised they're messing up a main event... By drug testing? 
I'm British and even I want to see DC put a pasting on Jimi. DC is still my boy.
Yeah I have to be super careful. I usually only place my phone down on soft surfaces, or if I'm at work I use a stack of post-it notes to rest it on, which also conveniently mitigates the wobble caused by the camera bump.
I wasn't interested in the 3T until they launched the black one. It's gorgeous - first phone that made me want to ditch my Oneplus X.
Doesn't work as well with a non-marker pen. Makes the J look kind of funny.
I agree with everything you just said. 

Additionally, with vodka it either has to be full sugar coke or Pepsi Max. Diet Coke/Zero and regular Pepsi with vodka is a big no.
Hardy doesn't belong in that list, for sure. He only stopped fighting because he was denied a license due to his heart condition, but now he's cleared to fight and wants one last crack at it.

The rest of them should definitely stay retired, though. They're from a different era. The sport is so young that you can't​ just drop back in 5-10 years later and hope to compete, it's evolved far too much for that.

Imagine if Chuck fought Jon Jones - he'd be murdered. Even in his prime Jones would probably still make minced meat out of him. 

It's like a retired pro tennis player coming out of retirement to play pro squash.
Can't argue with that!
Choo-choo motherfucker.
Mir was absolutely not in shape to fight Lesnar. 

An old, fat dad-bod Mir would have been murdered. It'd be like giving BJ the Conor fight.
I used to have a book of his poetry (book titled "the rose that grew from concrete") from when he was in his teens. Had some really good stuff in there.

Had copies of the original poems next to the typed ones. I should find that book.
I'm not saying it *is* solid or well built, just that it looks it. 
Gonna have to disagree with you these. It *looks* solid and well built. 
I've always said I'd love an iPhone that ran android... Looks like Oneplus to the rescue.
> Apple products are made in China

I'm fairly certain he was referring to the cheap Chinese Android phones, not just products that are made in china in general...
It's likely bisping would outpoint him again.

Bisping ain't making no mouthpiece mistake the second time around.
> Give this guy 10 fights worth of footage and a couple sound clips and he will make your average regional mma competitor marketable.

That's the *entire* point. It's up to the UFC to market him, and if that takes 10 fights worth of footage and a few sound clips then that's what it takes.

How else do you market a fighter? 
Just watched the UFC 211 one. 

Stipe and Junior are bad motherfuckers. That promo was sick.
Go and have another look at that bus. It doesn't say they would use the £350m to fund the NHS, it states that we send £350m to the EU and instead of doing that we should fund the NHS. It didn't say we'd give the £350m to the NHS.

It was clearly designed to mislead though. They should face repercussions for all the reception they took part in to get the vote.
It wasn't cleverly worded, but it also didn't promise to give £350m to the NHS. It was two sentences that, when put together, implies a direct connection, but they weren't.

"We send the EU £350m per week. Let's fund our NHS instead." It never actually said they'd send £350m to the NHS, just that we should fund it.

Though it was clearly designed to make people think that.
Not for long, they're banning floors next!
Adam?
Used to be great when using chrome, but then they limited it to swiping on the address bar and ruined the feature for me. It's way less convenient now - if you're reaching up to to the top of the screen you may as well just open the tabs. 
I got all the negativity about a wwe "fighter" coming to the UFC to fight. But at the same time I was definitely rooting for CM Punk.

He really seemed to have that urge to compete, and yeah he should have started in smaller promotions, but he was obviously offered a shit load of money to fight for the UFC.

I hope he can give it another crack and do well. It takes balls to make your mma debut at 38 years old.
Wouldn't​ this have been filmed *before* he sustained the back injury? Or has he talked about it on the show? I haven't watched this season so I'm not up to date
Every time I hear him talk I imagine him with a burger in his hand.
No point polishing a turd, though.

Sure, you can sharpen a cheap knife and get it razor sharp, but it'll last for an hour if you're lucky.
> The most intimidating HW fighter is a Woody Harrelson look-alike firefighter that sounds exactly like Teddy from Bob's Burgers

FTFY


This may be controversial, but I actually really like rocky V. 
No idea why you're being downvoted.

Tighter integration between android and chrome would be great. It can be done (see: pushbullet), so I don't know why Google don't implement something.
I'm not defending Cormier at all. By all accounts it should have been a catch-weight and rumble should have got a cut of his purse, but for whatever reason he got away with it.

And what isn't the issue? weight cutting is the whole issue. It damages a fighters body, and the whole point of it is to gain an advantage on fight night by being heavier than the weight limit of the division.

The fact that Cormier would have been more drained the next day is irrelevant, because the 205lb weight limit is irrelevant. If a fighter can weigh in at 205lb then be up to 220lb the next day then the system is broken. 

Weight cutting is just allowed-cheating.
That's exactly the point though. They're both going to be putting on like 20lbs after they weigh in, so people don't really care. 

Weight cutting is essentially cheating anyway. You're literally flushing your body of water to fool the scales that you're a certain weight. Honestly I think it's crazy that cutting is still allowed. It's dangerous for the athletes that are cutting, and it's unfair to the athlete they're fighting because when they should weigh 205lbs they're actually 220+.

Fighters should be weighed before they step in the cage. 
We don't talk about the Marshmallow poop emoji. 

What were they thinking.
Yeah I'll concede that Cruz winning his belt back was a greater moment.

I'll amend my statement to "one of the greatest moments in MMA". 

There are plenty to choose from. Bisping is still my boy though. 
His trousers must have been a bitch to iron. 
As a British fan, and someone who thinks Rockhold is a cocky dickhead, seeing Michael Bisping KO Rockhold on two weeks notice after all the doubt and shit talking was the greatest moment I've witnessed in mma.

Sure there are other great moments, but this was my favourite. Everyone has their own opinion, friend.
I used to prefer it on the bottom for when I was walking to uni - my phone goes into my pocket upside down so the bottom is more convenient.

I never listen to music while walking now though, so having the jack on the bottom is a minor inconvenience since it gets in the way when I'm typing. (It's in the way as I type this.)

Fuck it, side mount it!
The blobs were redesigned in Nougat and they face forward now. I prefer marshmallow emoji to be honest. Although the marshmallow 💩 emoji was just awful. Lollipop had the best shit emoji.
> Mediatek

Literally unplayable.
Do you mean a 180? A 360 would put you back where you started
Greatest MMA moment I've ever witnessed.

Bisping tooled Rockhold. He saw a flaw in his game and worked until he had it perfect. It wasn't a fluke, it was hard work from bisping mixed with sloppiness in Rockhold's form.

I love you Moose, but you're wrong about this one.
Thanks for the tip! Just tried this and it worked.

I tried changing my Google Now language to US English before and it didn't​ work. I guess it has to be system-wide.
For a minute there I was thinking "but he lost to Wonderboy..." Then I remembered that Wonderboy Vs Woodley has already happened twice and I just forgot about them because they were so boring​.

People saying Wonderboy was robbed in the second fight... I say the fans were robbed.
I'd much rather watch Rory than Khalabib. I like Khalabib, but he's much more boring than Rory.
UK resident here - still waiting on assistant.
I felt like he was ducking Wonderboy, not because he was scared, but because there wasn't enough money in it.

This fight is the biggest fight he could get barring McGregor. There's no chance Woodley ducks this fight.
What's your point though?

The interim belt gives them something to fight for. Then when Bisping decides to fight the belts can be unified.

So what's the problem?
Which they'll do when Bisping decides to fight. 
>  I still don't think he outgrapples Fedor, that's the last thing to go

With Fedor, it was the first thing to go.

Fedor hasn't favoured grappling in a long, long time.
It does free up gridlock though. That's the whole point - the interim belt acts as the real belt, so the contenders go after it like it's the real belt. 

They've sort of diminished the significance of them in recent years by handing them out to everyone, but when it comes down to it it's still the belt. 

It will essentially fix the division, because whoever holds the interim MW belt will most likely take Bisping's real belt from him on his return. 
> yeah the moment Dana grew some balls was good to see.

This has nothing to do with Dana growing balls... 
Unlikely. 

They have a history of dropping fake hints at the next name. Before marshmallow dropped, they had people wearing smartwatches with Milkshakes etc. as the watch face. can't trust those sneaky Googlers. 
Fedor only looked scary to us fans. Dude always looked so neutral, like he could just be nipping to the shops for some milk.

As fans we know he was an absolute killer, which is why his demeanour was scary to us. We know that this normal looking guy would fuck you up. To anyone who doesn't know of him, he looks like a regular guy.
Can't be any worse than Woodley... Dude has less personality than a 2x4.
I think TJ beats Dom, but I'm not sure about TJ and Dom.

Sure it was a close fight, and TJ clearly took the last two rounds, but they're both very similar fighters and if Dom is 100% going into the ring I can see him taking the decision again. 

The same can be said for TJ - he's looked phenomenal​ in his last two fights, but if Dom can take a shot from Cody and pop back up like he did, I'm not sure TJ could put him away.

Who knows though. I want to see both fights.
Eat your vegetables!