Regain Crimes
Love it but Season 2 has rather disappointed me thus far. I hope they bring what-her-name back.
Plex is the future.
Glad to see the Epic team branching out their ambitions. Vertical integration is the key!
The GRRM syndrome. Just don't start writing a new book in your old book like the old geezer.
Alternative spin: Millenials dumb as bricks.
Everyone talking about Lenny's health, meanwhile Jay is one step away from being a bloated corpse.
Maybe he doesn't believe in the law of the excluded middle? A homotopy man..
Those are all shitty movies haha.

EDIT: downvoted by Disney shills. Y'all can't tell me one of those movies was memorable.
> go back out into the forest

You must mean rape the Congo
It would be the greatest tasting thing in the world ever.
The corporate takeover begins.
Wow that's going to be a tiny GPU!
Got some sweet assets out that.
Askren is so bad at marketing he doesn't even ask for the main event.
Chael talking shit, Fedor staring blankly. Just a taste of what's to come haha.
Did you know that Chael is the greatest heavyweight of all time?
Passion. Vision. Balls.
You can always have a villain who was born bad.
Fucking hilarious
Da fuck they stopped making these 16:10?
So move to Korea.
Yea don't confuse Bitcoin Cash with that garbage.
Bunker down. Wait for Lost Ark.
Please educate me then.
What is this garbage why doesn't he just make another isometric arpg christ almighty who do I have to kill around here to get my D2 fix.
A company that makes games. You know companies produce things right? They don't just exist.
> accounting and sales planning

That's the kind of person I want making my games!

>contributing to making the Switch a big hit

Switch became a big hit because of the games. What the hell did he have to do with that?!
This guy basically makes our CPU industry go.
Add Audiobooks to that list.
Finally my demolition-first play-style will payoff!
For me, it's fun to take notes on certain shows and then cross reference them later. For example, True Detective, Westworld, and other shows which are well put together and the narrative is built before the shooting begins. The fun is in trying to figure out the creator's intention before it is revealed to us. A show as rich in background material as GoT is really ripe for this kind of analysis.
Daredevil (2003), The Hulk (2003), The Punisher (2004)
>The night king only makes a white walker if the person was also a warg. And then in turn they warg into the wights.

Holy shit this makes so much sense. Craster must've been a Stark bastard. That's why the NK needs a steady supply of his sons, to turn into walkers!
Fuck Microsoft. This is the same as Blizzard shutting down the Vanilla WoW servers. Just bullshit.
> Trigger anime

What is trigger anime? Big fan of Gurren Lagann here.
He has to be doing this on purpose.
12mil for 5000sq ft? Man got ripped off. Why not just build your own house at that point.
What's not okay? Face it Bitcoin Cash is superior to Bitcoin.
> Show me a cloud vendor that gives me truly unlimited storage and doesn’t balk at all the connections Plex makes.

siacoin
This makes me so sad. Rather than let Stargate thrive in someone else's hands, they suffocated it with theirs.
The baby really sells it.
Stop doing arms. Your joints are more important than your gains. Stop doing arms for a long time, until fully healed. The tendons in your elbow have very low blood supply, they take a long time to heal. By hitting your arms you are not giving your tendons ample time to heal.
No morals whatsoever. 
Damn looks like Lance has gotten into some Cavs' fans heads as well.
Let me tell me*

Also liked: One of the greatest light heavyweights.. of the night.
Will the new exam schedule be available in my passport?
Maester Luwin, I think he was hiding a few things from us. His last act before death was to crawl to the weirwood tree at Winterfell.
Translated: I'm another idiot who doesn't understand marketing.
You are blinded by your hate of the show. Things you do not understand are labeled as "bad writing".
Bran's survival of his fall is what tipped Littlefinger off as to his abilities. That's why he's the one who sent the Catspaw after Bran. In season 7 Littlefinger offers the dagger to Bran once more. Bran spits it back in his face with "Chaos is a ladder". Because Littlefinger knows, the dagger is Lightbringer and Bran is the Night King and there is only one way to end this war.
No only Rogan and Goldberg worked. Also the British crew isn't too bad.
How about we just get it back to the state it was in 2002 first.
I think it's foreshadowing that Sam will heal the Night King. It's really the only way to deal with him.
I doubt the lifetime pass is going to last forever for what it's worth. 
It's because there's no Tom Jane and no clearly defined goal.
Radical? How about you just stick to making good games smh.
Then maybe you should've called him out after your impressive decision over a real estate agent. Idiot.
Under 1 Hour possible?
I buy that Bran is the Lord of Light. But I do not think he is the Night King. The Night King is likely a Stark or a Stark bastard, brother to Bran the Breaker.
Haha, looks like he's learned a thing or two from Vin Diesel.
This is my favorite episode. I particularly like the part where they cut off his wolf's head and stuck it on his body and paraded him around while his little sister watched.
One connection with Norse mythology are the parallels between Jaime and Fenrir.
I have that one! If I remember correctly it took me a while to get it matched.

You'll either need to split the file into 3 pieces or name it like S01E01-03 to get it matched properly.



If all else fails, you can always input your own metadata.

Here is the tvdb entry: https://www.thetvdb.com/?tab=seasonall&id=85538&lid=7

EDIT: unchecking "local media assets" in agents helped I think
follow this guide:https://support.plex.tv/articles/200220677-local-media-assets-movies/

for naming any tertiary material (deleted scenes, making of, interviews, etc.)
You wanna know the most subversive thing about Game of Thrones? It's always been a traditional fantasy.
Stoneheart is there to demonstrate another level of zombie. 

Similar to the Night King and Benjen/Coldhands, it seems that you can turn humans into the undead, but their condition will depend on their state of mind at the time of "undeath". By the time Caitlyn was turned, there was nothing left in her but pure hatred, rage, and vengeance. So that is what Stoneheart manifests.

The wights themselves are turned after death, leaving no defining human characteristic. While the White Walkers are likely turned (from birth?) while alive (similar to NK), leaving them with some level of autonomy.
>  I have trouble imagining anyone other than GRRM being able to tie them together into a satisfying ending. 

In fact even GRRM can't do it. Because he couldn't keep his vision in check, it grew out of control and he cannot tame it. That's why he will not finish the books and if he does, there will be no satisfying ending that ties it all together.
If the past few years are any indication, East Germany is going to be clamoring for a wall soon just to protect themselves. This time they can call it the Irony Curtain.
Barboza about to trip on some wires.
slowly? how long until all those cameras are running facial recog? a few years? china already way ahead of you.
Under 1hr possible?
God?
Take notes Kawhi.
Night King just wants some lovin'. Being alone for 8,000 years can get lonely.
> History will understand.

That depends on who writes it.
which parts?
no thats retarded
I remember some kid who designed these sticky balls that would roll across the desert and blow up any landmines.
Tom Hanks is in all the first columns of films. Bradley Cooper is in all the second columns of films. RDJ is in all the third columns of films.
Where is this image from?
Or it's not a sword at all! It's Podrick's dick!
There's some chance that Ice is Lightbringer, the hint comes from the book where Jaime has a dream in which both his and Brienne's sword are aflame.
Anyone else getting tired of the plant guy real fast?
Yea he needs ideas.
Student Bodies
To players stats is money.
Lost Ark. Not out yet either.
Damn never took Kawhi for a guy who would quit on his team.
Guild Wars. Great PVE, better PVP.
This is better than porn.
The ice-storm killed my firstborn.
Or not at all.
Scott Foster made thousands of calls to Tim Donaghy while he was betting spreads. Most likely to chat about the weather and the like.
Dude Gooden's patch was worse.
>  if what Blizzard has been doing recently is any indication.

Blizzard is never going to make another proper Diablo game. I'm not sure they know how to anymore.
https://web.archive.org/web/20180217141135/http://realfightstories.com/2015/12/02/real-ali-abdel-aziz/

https://web.archive.org/web/20170919074225/http://realfightstories.com/2015/12/08/who-are-you-the-real-story-of-ali-abdel-aziz-chapter-2/

https://web.archive.org/web/20170822175212/http://realfightstories.com:80/2016/10/20/reopened-nac-investigation-ali-abdel-aziz-thwart-wsof-nye-event/

Bunker down and wait for Lost Ark. Learn to read Korean script in the meanwhile.
Next level strats.
Yea this dude trained insurgents and has a direct line to Kadyrov. He's shady as all fuck. He also seems to be smack dab in the middle of anything big that happens in ufc.
https://i.imgur.com/IfSNFsH.jpg

Judging by this famous pic, he was just a bit shorter than 7'1" Wilt Chamberlain. I'd say 7 feet wasn't out of the question.
That was awful.
Syria is a "side-show" was Bannon's opinion.
Pendulum swings to left.. Pendulum swings to the right.
> Instead of embracing success, reddit does ... what? Disavow it? 

Don't worry, you can be sure the advertisers are getting the real numbers.
Uhh it already didn't get cancelled like firefly..
Why lol, most of them were undervolted to 85% or even lower.
Incidentally, Ian McShane plays a main role!
So a Mi Mix.
It's no Rick and Morty.
Yahtzee has been losing his touch for a while now.
Littlefinger. Lightbringer.
Refs play the money line, they don't necessarily need to fuck anyone over, just control the flow of the game with ticky tacky calls.
Adventure games like The Longest Journey, Siberia, and more recently Primordia. I think LA Noire doesn't have any combat but I haven't actually played it.
I'll just go to sherdog where I can actually talk about mma.
China will soon be doing this to citizens' faces.
Is there any chance we could put all of these amazing collection covers into a post on the sidebar?
Damn right! Bigger screen, bigger battery,  1080p resolution, headphone jack, it's perfect!
This is why piracy is invaluable. For archival purposes.
It's not a tree anymore it's a bidirected graph.
Comedies. Unfortunately you need good writing which is in dwindling supply over at Hollywood.
When memes collide
Thank god he is done commentating with Joe, can't stand this smarmy asshole.
The demo for FEAR absolutely blew my mind at the time. Definitely got me to buy it and the sequel.
Didn't watch em all? Not a real fan.
King of Pirates?
Is there one like this for other alphabets? Specifically interested in Cyrillic alphabets.
They're stuck in the mud I tell ya!
/r/physicsmemes is always looking for content
This reminds me of Piri-Reis' map where Argentina is labeled as Antarctica.
How the hell are the poor going to rebel against security droids that move faster than you can see? 
Engaging and addictive are the same thing. A dopamine loop going off in your brain, causing you to continue playing.
Jason Genova?
> "grandpa this would be a great tattoo"

and so it did. and so it did.
Xiaomi Mi Mix removed the notch long ago. Piezoelectric speakers my friends that's the answer.
http://forums.sherdog.com/forums/ufc-discussion.2/
Guys go to Sherdog forums where we can actually talk about this.

http://forums.sherdog.com/forums/ufc-discussion.2/
What if it was Michael Chiesa pretending to be Conor?
Not forever. Steam servers not going to last forever. Not to mention the heat death of the universe.
Good thing it's all buried in a megathread nobody will ever see.
Megathreads are where discussions go to die. They are the bane of reddit.
because reddit isn't reddit anymore, it's moddit
It's obviously staged lol first the tweet about not getting stripped then this. It's all Big Drama Show.
Seems passive-aggressive
thank god /mma isn't the match maker or UFC would be broke long ago
>  Folks in finance and economics figured this out a long time ago. (That's probably why this work was published in a physics journal: It likely wasn't seen as novel enough for a comparatively competitive economics or finance journal.)

Yea physicists have no idea what Brownian motion and random processes are. It's not like they invented them.
Hey, on-time is on-time!
**LeBron on GMing the Cavs**: "That's just who I am. I feel like I'm an extension of the ownership. I take Gil's commands and try to give them to our coaches out there on the floor. Just trying to see the game in multiple ways."

**Lebron on Owning the Cavs**: "That's just who I am. I feel like I am an extension of the billionaires that own NBA franchises. I take Silver's commands and give them to our GM out there on the floor. Just trying to see the game in multiple ways."


**LeBron of being a member of the United Intergalactic Council**: "That's just who I am. I feel like I am an extension of the Milky Way galaxy. I take the Council's commands and try to give them to our Galaxy's leaders. Just trying to see the game in multiple ways."
When the fuck is Mr.Plinkett going to get off his fat ass and do some Hobbit and Sequels videos.
thank god for those
perfect for /r/nba
Does anyone else think that explanation is bullshit? How the hell do you turn around so fast that you tear a ligament in your knee?!
It's aight
The dumbest name ever is what it is. Still a great program tho :D
Guild Wars. Oh wait it's not 2008 anymore :'(
That fits together very nicely.
>The biggest complaint from reviewers after the game launched had to do with the pacing, particularly in the later parts of the game. The reason for this is simple: **we didn’t play it much**. 

lol
I like the last part, the visual language in the show often holds clues. However I think that The Song of Ice and Fire is a spell cast by Mirri Maz Duur during that long layover when she killed the Khal. Afterwards the red comet appears, signifying to anyone "in the know" that the Song has been sung once more.
Mario Party hockey minigame
Yeah it's good. One of the most unique experiences I've ever played. Fully deserved the GDC award they got for most innovative new IP.
No you need eye tracking and controllers with haptic feedback. A real tangible leap in the technology not better pixels.
Gamefaqs. It's easy to mess up your char if you don't know what your doing. Just spend some time picking out a build from the start and follow that build.
The strikes will continue until morale improves.
Atlantis was the one that hurts the most. That show is re-watchable as heck too.
> **does he dare that in the playoffs?**

If he does then Casey's got some T-Rex balls.

The One Who Must Not Be Named*
The 1990 version with Charlton Heston and a young Christian Bale is, hands down, the best film adaptation of the book. I'm not sure it has too much to do with Black Sails however. You'll find Black Sails deviated from the source somewhat.
The truth is nobody knows what will happen when Ethereum becomes unprofitable to mine, whether because of ASICs or Casper. The difficulty on those other coins will quickly rise once all that hashing power transfers over to them.
you guys are killing me
Now is that a countable amount of infinite games or an uncountable amount?
> GoFundMe

So other people funded his travels
Just have tea every night so you don't need to remember.
Where does he get the money to just travel for years?
Good CGI. Shit everything else.
Just needs mopped
-Pride exec
thought I was on /r/AccidentalWesAnderson
Integration with Plex incoming.
> superkarts can hit 160mph

sweet jesus
Is one of these the one on 5th street owned by Kushner?
It's kind of like when you start driving and then you go back to go-karts and you're like, wait a minute, this is slow as all hell!
Let me explain to you how reddit works. If you like content you press the up arrow. If you dislike the content you press the down arrow. The content where people press the up arrow the most gets to the front page. When that content is no longer popular people will stop pressing the up arrow.
Khabib thinks they're going to give him the undisputed. Oh sweet summer child.
The Burger Priest. Nasty frozen burgers.
Advanced Mining Devices is becoming a reality.
The front page is literred with garbage like Shannon Sharpe and Colin Cowherd, but NOOOO discussing current events and tweets. Ridiculous.
smooth skin > vascularity
> none of the violations were detectable without enhanced video/stopwatch

NBA needs TAS to referee for it.
You don't have a very good imagination.
I'm a bigger fan of STR. Being able to muscle your way through the competition is valuable.
And all Putin wants to do is trade oil for Rubles. With the emergence of BRICs and the New Foundation Bank, The Fed better watch out. Their global hegemony could be coming to an end.
I wonder what the royal family thinks of this? They are fine watching their kingdom crumble?
2018: I am watching Andrew Collura cook. We are fast approaching The Singularity.
This is a good thing. Skip likes to hate on the greats.
Because they are idiots.
Yes but how do they hash
NOT EVEN DEATH CAN SAVE YOU FROM ME
This lootbox thing is going too far.
We're just trying to be like other big cities.
thanks
No Bogut?
I'm sure their solidarity has nothing to do with the new mandatory bus pass charge that's going to be added onto every grad student's tuition.
love the symmetry
This is all because of Dan Tony. and the Tony Brothers. And Adam sliver.
Any day now he's going to release The Hobbit, The Mountains of Madness, and Silent Hill together with Kojima!
GIVE ME HIGHWAYS or at least multi-lane roads. Don't make me edit the hpk files again to double car speed.
Can't wait for CrowbCat's video.
https://www.tweaking4all.com/home-theatre/rename-your-tv-series-files/

Rename My TV Series is an amazing free alternative to Filebot that I have been using for a long time with great success.
People are going to continue buying GPUs as long as it is profitable to mine. Which it very likely will be until Ethereum goes POS. Then nobody knows what will happen.
It's not housing prices it's wages. The Bay area has ridiculous housing prices and is thriving, why? Because they pay their engineers a competitive wage.
> all of Canada

Which is smaller than the population of California.
I have no idea what this game is or what you guys are talking about most of the time but it entertains me greatly.
Here comes Golem.
Eth classic and Bitcoin classic will rise. GPU miners will prevail. GPU mining is the only true democratic method of securing the network.
Replace chess with Rick and Morty and reap the karma.
Don't you put that evil on me.
Take dance classes. Play soccer.
>Single PSU. I can't stress this enough. You can get 1600-1800w PSU from China for $100. They work fine unless you push them past safe limits.

Can you expound on this? Why are dual PSUs not a good idea?
As far as I understand, they are blocking Howard Moscoe not Murray Ross.
Black Creek Pioneer village lot, 7$ to park there for the day. Pioneer Village TTC station parking. Free, a slightly further walk to campus.
I'm kind of scared to watch this.
Can I just say Tautulli is a retarded name. Engineers could use a course or two in marketing.
Is this some kind of ethics exercise?
Humanities courses have a lot of TA profs, science and engineering departments are more staffed by profs that aren't part of the union and are thus more willing to continue classes.
I'm eating lots of cake.
Can someone explain to me wtf complex valued mass is.
Any more good hidden spots we should know about so that they can be blocked off?
Would be great if Jaime pushes him out of his chair. Then points with his gold hand and laughs.
I love it, got the run of the place to myself. Free seats as far as the eye can see, nobody in line for food, it's paradise. Parking is a bitch but I'm getting used to it.
Blockchain gaming.
She's awful. Cold, wooden, always seems like she's "acting".
> in the universe

Dunno that's a pretty big place.
What is this a support group? He's a grown man he can take care of his own business. You guys are fuckin weird.
> As a side note, this is by far the most disorganized meeting of any kind of senate I've ever seen, it's incredible.

I wouldn't expect any less from York.
>Also mentions that LeBron shook his hand

Kevin is like "Why won't he love me?!"

That's not counting time off for the inevitable injuries.
The Senate has little say in anything course related compared to your prof. All they can do is offer "guidelines".
> Toronto has been such a boring and provincial city

As opposed to the exciting times in...?
Lol have you ever picked up a basketball?
> only spurring on the stereotype of the loud/intrusive foreigner to Japanese society.

Any who gives a shit? Japan has one of the most racist societies on Earth, covered under a veneer of "politeness".
That's because phones are unnecessarily using 4k screens which provide virtually no discernible fidelity over 1080p panels, yet need to power more than double the number of pixels!
0/5
Why did Orlando trade him again?
Except classes are still open.
Can someone tell me what this means?
>Your section of this course is suspended temporarily due to the labour disruption. Please check here daily for the updated status of this course section.

>Lectures continue

How is it suspended if the lectures continue?
The whole thing plays like a fevered dream sequence.
wtf is that quality lmao
Forced out? They refused arbitration on purpose, probably because their demands are ridiculous, despite being the most well-paid such union in Ontario.
>  Hopefully the government can shut this down ASAP

With the election looming, I bet Wynne nips this in the bud quick. CUPE going to end up looking like a bunch of morons.
Did you pay tuition to learn or to be used as a hostage?
Disney came in like a wrecking ball, fucked things up for everybody, threw the blame on EA, and is now moving onto their next victim.
> It's sad we don't have a Trump like Candidate to vote for 

Mad Max gave me hope when he still had a chance.
I hope they bring back Tom Jane. He made that show.
And they pay them more than other Ontario universities as well.
>I have absolutely no interest in this subject 

Change your major while you still can. Take as many different things as you can to try and find what you're interested in. Spend a little time putting yourself on the right path, it's worth it. Besides that, maybe school's not for you? Maybe learn a trade or start a business? Explore your options to the fullest.
This sounds like purgatory.
Yeah! Fuck students!
Would be more excited for Diablo 2 tbh. Solo baal with my hammerdin on a portable? Yes please.
Not to mention land
Jakob's orders are absolute.
Is anyone surprised? After some of the emails that leaked from the Sony hack it's honestly impressive they've lasted this long.
What kind of odds you giving?
The Iron Bank will install a Republic.
haha killed by twitter.
Don't forget about the haloperidol. He's never been the same since they put him on that shit.
Very cool how he emphasizes seeing how the defense reacts to his movements and playing off that.
Tarantino
> "Keeping their romantic partner faithful" mean

Cloning the phone to check texts and GPS location, laptop keylogger to check emails, and maybe spy on her friends too for good measure. It's hard work keeping those partners faithful.
> Sffpc

/r/Sffpc
The plex forums are full of information, you can also browse /r/plex. /r/buildapc can help you choose the right parts for your build.
When is this coming out already.
Fuck VC.
Yeah? Then what's Valve's excuse?
It's similar to rogue legacy but with more RPG elements. Great game!
47's a bit young for a heart attack no?
Good little guy for a starter Plex server. Can transcode two 1080p streams simultaneously. 
"What if I Won"
[Relevant WKUK](https://youtu.be/WnE2VW7zWtI)
So much good sci-fi lately I can hardly believe it.
It was awful, agreed. The Fountain is another one. Overly sentimental garbage. 
Reddit is about fostering discussion and mods do nothing but stifle it. Sad little kings of their sad little hills.
No, no they will not. Maybe a commercial quantum annealing computer.
Buy bitcoin
That's really not that much..
Mods? Care? Hah!
Not gonna be able to inch your way out of this one.
> To me that feels like realizing Stanley Kubrick was still alive and he made Valerian.

Or that Luc Besson made Valerian.
...and now it needs another one
Derrick Fell.
Kids are getting started early these days damn.
He was also one of the people who didn't think Sterling should be forced out. Called it a "slippery slope".
Yes lets all forget that Valve has been making HUGE strides in VR for the past few years.
87 is a spring chicken by these things' standards.
Couldn't care less.
By the time the rest of these lines are built that area is going to be a thriving metropolis with flying cars anyway. Cool to see you put a lot of thought into this.
How come this fantasy doesn't extend to vaughan mills and wonderland!?
Good news everyone!
They forgot to mention "ravaged by a deadly genetically engineered virus"
He's going in a home soon :'(
Aomine-san!
That's child abuse.
Pretty sure Reddit is trying to become the next digg.
You should write a book
Bring on Telltale: Star Wars
Clive Owen. He's just old and grizzled enough to give us a good Bond I think.
It's a technical term.
LeCommish
Royce White is back baby!!
Coker vs White who do you guys have?
Don't smoke weed.
CP24 lol
Yeah a lot of insecure young men feel that way.
A lamppost. 
Are you saying common core is good? Jesus...
A better question is how much longer will the 7950 be relevant.
I really liked Pre-Searing in Guild Wars. I would sometimes make a new character just to frolic around those parts. Very peaceful especially in the forest.
I hate when I over-saturate the market with myself. A super-fluid market is something you always want to avoid.
Gooder comp-u-tors
They are sending encrypted messages through the blockchain.
Random? That guy won a dunk contest you dunce.
Shaq looks old damn.
These ex-players are really desperate for attention it's kind of sad.
I know exactly what this is just from the thumbnail.
That's because you don't actually use your computer.
How does this always happen lol
He must've practiced that you know.
None the UFC would tell you about.
LeBron's tots.
Sounds very gladiatorial. I approve.
He's always been uncomfortable to watch. He's just a bully like Javale pointed out. 
Good thing he didn't say posse.
They should make their own development studio. With blackjack and hookers. Seriously, hire every person who worked on KOTOR I/II, the Jedi Knights games, Tie Fighter, and put together the greatest powerhouse Star Wars development studio for decades to come. Pumping out amazing games every year. A man can dream. A man can dream.
You don't see a lot of old fat people running around.
The Keon Clark special
Is Pierce manufacturing drama for ESPN?
Definitely need a bit of cruelty in there just to spice it up.
After so many podcasts he probably has a good idea of where the conversation is headed.
10 dollar coins bitches!
I've always thought he was in cahoots with the Iron Bank as he put the Kingdom deep into debt. Makes sense that the Faceless Men would act as servants of the Bank.
I like how this has become a thing.
> not in it to help, she's in it for the money

The Cannabis industry in a nutshell.
> Google doesn't use algorithms for things like this, it uses AI.

Yea because AI isn't an algorithm, it's a magical spell cast by a wizard which gives the inanimate golem life.


Everyone pirate the shit out of this movie.
How does it compare to a dedicated mobile 1050?
He gone.
You should collect this data, then discard it and buy a Pax.
Hey man it's a guarantee! I don't care if they have to get to my house by helicopter! They can land in my backyard. I need my bodywash soap and I need it now!
This looks awful
> Im not used to this on this on /r/NBA

Ah if only you were here during the days of Mens_Rea. Here's a decent collection to give you a taste. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/z6ahm/i_made_a_collection_of_mens_rea_stuff/
AnyDesk
Intent doesn't matter.
> As a left handed man

we don't like your kind around here
Probably run by Hitler himself.
Yes because scantrons are notoriously reliable.
People don't leave as much in ranked.
Play more ranked.
So glad this loser never won anything. Could've been one of the greats instead he'll go down in history as nothing more than a dunker.
I wish the NBA would video review me.
Sci-hub has tons of different domains. They are fine.
Dude my university has The Capital reading groups. Posters of Marx everywhere.
Ah fuck, he's a great character actor. One of those guys whose face you know but not the name.
Aaron Swartz died for this.
1d tic tac toe
Can you recommend a good FPGA board I could toy around with at home as an amateur? There was some super cool genetic algorithm used to construct/optimize a circuit for some specific task via FPGA that I've always wanted to try.
Fuck. That. Do this if you want to see a player booed by their own crowd every-time he touches the ball. Redditors might not have a long memory, but Toronto does.
This was several crimes committed over a region. That was one crime committed in a specific spot.
Not laughing anymore are you Laufman.
All part of the 5 eyes coincidentally.
Suppositories
Are you fucking serious? Do you have any idea the stress that racers are under? 
Suicides always spike when a celebrity kills him/her-self because suicide is more akin to a virus than anything else.
Regular fucking decimal odds lmao.
Bitcoin cash is great, get over it losers.
Yeah what an insult to surfers.
When will they give us better than 3rd world upload speeds?
Hmm this could all be a bigger part of Badass Howard's plan to supplant his twin on our Earth.
This guy always looks like he's one Big Mac away from an infarction. 
Please ban "Please ban..." posts. If something gets upvoted on reddit it means people want to see it. Crazy notion right?
More surface area means the pain is spread out more and thus the pain density is decreased for a taller person.
Huh that's really cool. I imagine the breath wasn't too pleasant though.
Lenny was the real deal too. Who the fuck else can bench 650 raw?
Imagine having sex with someone who has never brushed their teeth.
What's with the random hate on Vin?
This book is required reading in Russian high schools.
No no they're going about it all wrong. The correct answer is to put them on a level playing field. Track all their employees movements as well. That way we can all play fair.
Missed out on free Mal-Ware
PJ is obviously just trying to fan the flames between Jason and the Misfits. Dude is a sociopath.
Are you really that fit?
GW was the shit. 
Why? That pick's not even going to be good.
I really hope he pulls this off. 
Mining your own metals, manufacturing your own wafers, and putting together your own PC is going to be a better choice soon. We've come full circle.
It comes from the world of aviation when you had ball bearings that would be pushed into the firewall of the engine to max out your power.
Lets not forget that this game was running 2 DRM simultaneously. Something not seen before. Crackers are getting good at adapting to new measures security companies take. There's an ongoing arms race between the two groups, what will the end result be? 


Ah it's all good thanks anyways.
Do you have 2-factor authentication enabled on google? In the faq it says you should use the app password in that case.
https://imgur.com/a/BBx76

Hey could you explain to me how you got email notifications working? I keep getting this error: "PlexPy Notifiers :: Email notification failed: [Errno 11004] getaddrinfo failed" after setting up notifications for my gmail as in the faq: https://github.com/JonnyWong16/plexpy/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions-(FAQ)#notifications-q5
Fuck this retard.
Overly sentimental garbage.
in a row
But will it run Plex
It's a movie for babies? Sounds about right.
That can't be good for the joints.
> they're motivated enough to start a union

too much CTE for that
There should be a subreddit dedicated to improving vertical.
Toronto is already owned by corporations anyways so it would be the perfect innoculation point for a Watch Dogs-like world. CityOS here we come.
> 1997 was a particularly strong year for movies as well.

I don't know. I think the list would've been comparable almost no matter which year I chose from the 90s. In general the 90s were much stronger than the 10s.


2017's not terrible but I feel like it continues a trend of degenerating quality. Lets compare 2017 to 1997. 

**1997:**

Good Will Hunting

Face/Off

Starship Troopers

Cube

Gattaca

The Fifth Element

Con Air

Air Force One

Event Horizon

Titanic


**Now 2017:**

Dunkirk

Shape of Water

Coco

Logan 

Get Out

Wonder Woman

Baby Driver

King Arthur

And a litany of sub-par sequels like Kingsman 2, Cars 3, Alien Covenant, another Apes movie, another Kong movie, etc.

The top 10 keeps getting thinner and thinner every year.

Ebert can be a tad hard on films sometimes. There are several very entertaining movies which he did not view favorably, but I think he would quickly change his tune if he could only see the trash that was coming out today.
That guy from Copenhagen Wolves what's his name he's better anyway.
Fuck MGM. Should've just sold to Joe Flanigan.
Kill all homeless
This is true if being a fan for you is like a religion. If you are rational you would know that the NBA is a business and that corporations want your money. If they aren't willing to put a product out there worth watching you have every right to boo. You paid for the ticket after all.
That's retarded. You should be hiring people who want to make good games. You sell game consoles and games.
How is it shitty? These people paid good money to watch this garbage? They deserve a voice and I'm glad they exercise it.
https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/6tflas/everything_theory_what_if_bronn_is_the_last_reyne/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d5Pz547iVg

also remember seeing something on asoiaf but can't find it now

Yeah it's definitely much easier than spacechem.
The last one was a masterpiece.
Woj is the one orchestrating these deals.
Prosumers are consumers with prolapsed anuses from all the corporate fucking they've been taking.
You're an asshole.
Thanks to miners which have been bashed to pieces around these parts.
I think it's also a combination of the good writers moving to TV. On the plus side, TV content has been on the up and up.
Bronn has been humming that song on the show at least twice.
Yeah but writing is hard
He's really a Reyne so if he gets Casterly Rock at the end, that would be poetic justice.
It sucks but at least their Stats section is quite amazing.
Great Firewall of Canada.
Oh and btw I was a part of all those teams as well as the Warriors, another budding dynasty.
He's going to be very good. Not number 1 option on a contender good but a solid starter/star for years to come.
I watched this movie because of this thread and it was terrible. I feel bad for you.
Good thing it wasn't the Morris twins that saw him.
These days OreosOnFire would probably get banned instantly.
I really really dislike Tyron Woodley. I got into mma around early 2015. Since then this is what I've witnessed from him; he sat out for a year and a half, I guess because he was owed a shot by the UFC? Afterwards he put on two of the most boring fights of all time vs Stephen Thompson. What a terrible champion. Stick to TV Tyron.
We only see what the mods want us to see. That's how reddit was meant to work right?.. Right?
When is Hollywood going to quit parading Harrison Ford's corpse around already.
Noel has been shit on by every team he's been on. The guy is a defensive phenom. His time to shine will come. He's bet on himself and it's going to pay off huge.
I heard he used to wrestle Platypuses underwater when he was a child. They're native to his region of Dagestan. 
Don't get me wrong, he's playing well through it all, he's a pro after all. However maybe some cracks are starting to shine through the tough exterior.
>Our entire way of life is unsustainable to the very core and it is not just bad businessmen who are responsible.

But will it self correct in time or are we doomed to consume ourselves?
I think his father's illness is really weighing on him. Combined with the breakup from his fiancee it seems he may be struggling emotionally.
Fitting that Toronto would reflect a world taken over by corporate interests.
Lmao AMD fans are insane.
You can buy a 1080 cheaper than a Vega around here..
He just needs to keep shooting backwards.
Body builders are not the greatest example to make your point...
sidebar
Yes eschewing due process for mob justice can only do wonders for civilization. This doesn't bring us back to the dark ages of witch hunts at all.
> is he a bad or good coach

Lets just say he has a lot less to do with our offensive improvements and schemes in general than our assistant Nick Nurse. Together with a strong offensive assistant Casey can shine imo.
That's entirely your fault. You can easily turn off updates in Win. 7 and never be bothered again.
/r/physicsmemes 
Explain to me how people can defend Windows 10. That is completely unacceptable behavior for an operating system. Win 7 forever.
Good Janet/Bad Janet are God/Devil?
Yea I think maybe the end where it seems Eleanor didn't want others to know she passed was a red herring. Like the judge was about to say that she also failed, but Eleanor stopped her short so she never continued to explain why.
>“congo line” of trains that pretty much starts at davisville.

This city is like some kind of fun-house madness.
Not to mention how much they cut down. You lose muscle when you cut. Unless you know your chemistry.
LeBron Curry and Stephen James
One minute in, snap bought on steam.
Okay but only if Rich Paul gets to be GM
This is actually a really interesting way of looking at statistics I haven't considered before. Points per dollar.
Everyone knows who the real problem is. The Queen herself.
/wsb just got better
Not in the PM bro
Holy shit LeBron crashed the Cavs value so Gilbert would sell to him at a discount.
> Is Louis Vuitton any differenf from uniqlo/h&m per se or just branding?

Nope same Thai kids make both pieces of garbage.
If it doesn't it could attain legendary status in time.
Height-ism. One of the last secure bastions of discrimination. That and hating on fatties.
Chevrolet has had this problem forever haha.
Except the restaurants will be closed by then.
>sources describe Leonard and his camp as "distant" and "disconnected" from the organization.

No no no, that's just his normal face guys.
High quality ment.
So they don't practice or watch film? Sounds like a recipe for success.
No it's still being invented.
Lets not pretend like Ariel is some innocent butterfly. He's always been an instigator.
give her a controller
Once as a lump sum or spread evenly over time?
CS:GO practice maps.
San Francisco is a poverty infested shithole though.

Whereas China's government is a model of perfection.
The cheerleaders wouldn't? They don't get a say in this?
> If gamers can’t get their cards at a reasonable price they will switch to Radeon

ahahahahaha
Plotwist: Bitcoin was invented by Best Buy to sell more pre-builts.
They smelled bad
Bitches love books.
The Young Turks are named after a Turkish terrorist group that perpetuated horrors during the Armenian Genocide. The fact that youtube lets them stay up is an absolute disgrace and was one of my first hints that something's is very, very wrong with this machine.
> Dana just can't bring himself to utter the words.

I imagine it as some kind of mental block where he begins to stutter every-time the words try to leave his mouth.
Is this one not going to be a piece of shit? That tiny piece of plastic holding together the trigger breaks every-time and is an absolute joke for a $100+ controller.
California, Chicago, Detroit, what do all these places have in common?
Whatever happened to American McGee's Oz? He should try to kickstart it I'm sure he could get at least some money for it.
Coming to Switch anytime soon?
He hates karma.
Every-time something is going to destroy the internet it ends up being disappointing.
Plex is da wae.
Enjoy it while it lasts. I guarantee a crackdown once the "legalization" takes place.
> Isn't he fucking awesome?

He's a jiu-jitsu genius.
Any word on the latency?
Yea the ref really sucked for that fight.
If they made a new one for the Wii I'd buy it in an instant. Rail shooters are still great party games.
Oh shit I didn't think of that. Thanks! When your fridge has bitcoin ransom-ware on it, I'll be the one laughing.
Creating an unencrypted ecosystem that any script kiddie can fuck with.
This ref sucks donkey dick.
Yea! Fuck business!
I don't need a movie to tell me what normal life is like. I live my normal life every day.
So much more tragic knowing the truth though.
These buses had character.
It's like when a Pokemon hurts itself in Confusion.
Stay away from heavyweight betting. Too volatile.
Tons of white chicks.
Common among the Abrahamic religions. My Jewish boss kept trying to convince me that the world is 6000 years old this summer.
eww
If the fans want Zaza, the fans want Zaza.
Maybe they would let current lifetime owners keep their pass? Ala grandfather contracts at gyms before they raised their rates and such.
There's a way to setup a library so that it integrates anime shows and movies. This is the guide.
 
https://www.reddit.com/r/PleX/comments/2yk49z/guide_plex_and_anime_a_guide_to_combining_movies/

I haven't tried this yet but I've been meaning to. 
Game is barely out of alpha. It's not hard to see how they could quickly add tons of variability.
> Ali Abdelaziz replied

to himself most likely
Somebody is woke
He's one of the good guys in King Arthur (the early 2000s one). Killer cast from that movie.
The trust they built with ESPN? What?
They ought to question themselves as to why there is a SUICIDE FOREST on their island.
It is generally the professor's purview in terms of these kinds of things. I have one prof like that this semester too and, from my one impression of him, I really doubt he would let anyone get away with it.
Ah very interesting thanks! I find it fascinating that Maxwell used quaternions and Dirac used octonions yet the modern treatments of their work all but skip over this.
He hasn't been acting that long..
I think you might get harassed for NOT wearing one around York from what I've seen.
https://www.tweaking4all.com/home-theatre/rename-your-tv-series-files/

This free program called "Rename my TV Series".
Works beautifully, you search for a show, browse folders for episodes, match the names to the episodes and click the Rename button. Easy as pie and did I mention it's free.
Because OLED is garbage tech prone to burn through just like Plasma of yesteryear.
Not to mention one of her best friends gives me shades of Huma Abedin.
> Caseys a good coach

No he is not.
Magnetism is actually just the Coriolis effect. Basically an artifact of charge not being in an inertial frame of reference. Thinking about this fact was what led Einstein to relativity in the first place.
Dude Middleton is a gem. Drawing doubles in the 4th. Not to mention some of your other young players..
Buncha kids on here who never played a sport in their life.
Codac Moment
It's really not that good..
Trashtalking is a part of competition, if you can't handle it, you can turn off emotes.
Gimme Diop, me mama, Diop me mama!
Nah I say wait for Big Mac 2.0. Rumors are it will be unveiled at CES next week.
Khabib? Or Ali Abdelaziz?
Damn this made me realize how much I miss Goldie. After that horrible stint by Cruz on Saturday I'd give anything for professional commentary again.
With Seagate I only buy their Ironwolf brand for reliability purposes.
snatched one for my Plex thanks
Holy shit you are god
These drivers are straight up garbage. So.. business as usual then.
Opus Magnum, Zachtronics' latest offering.
Mirri Maz Duur is the one who invoked the Song of Ice and Fire. The red comet signified it's invocation.
Just one and I can't even log into my York passport right now.
>The class had been assigned a poetry project called "All the places we love." When 11-year-old son Isaiah asked for clarification, the teacher allegedly responded, "It means like home sweet home. Or maybe for you, in a dark alleyway like a crackhead."

haha what
Starcraft was a training simulator.
Same psychic ladies who were running South Korea.
Is there any way to notify you when a stream is buffering? So that you can more easily figure out the bottlenecks in your system.
New York also wasn't designed by monkeys.
**Name:** Toki Tori 1 and 2

**Platforms:** Steam, Wii, Wii U, Nintendo 3DS, Android, PlayStation 3

**Genre:**  Puzzle platformer. 

**Synopsis:** You are a chicken and you need to save your family by solving a bunch of puzzles and adventuring through a semi-open world.

**Why it's great** 
The puzzles are extremely creative and satisfying to solve. There are a few very basic moves you can do (can't even jump) but still a large variety of ways to approach different situations. Sometimes the situation seems impossible until you scratch your head for a little while. Sometimes the puzzles seem easy but end up being deceptively difficult. All in all a wonderful experience for anybody who likes to solve brainteasers and play a very cute game at the same time.

**PS** There are sometimes more than one solution to a situation which allows for something called sequence breaking. (This video does a great job of explaining: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=084BUNlI7Gk)

**Why it's underrated** This game is constantly on sale on Steam and yet nobody plays it. It definitely deserves a far wider audience!

**You might like this game if you like**

- Braid 
- Fez
- Limbo

All 2d puzzle platformers that contain devilish puzzles which may seem easy at first glance.
They may be reported by the professor, but it's a different party that inputs them into your academic report. My professor reported the exam marks last week and the grade is still not up.
"Our phones are shit from the get-go!"
>Safe to say that most comedies in the early 2000's aged pretty badly.

What?? Anchorman, Old School, Wedding Crashers, 40-Year Old Virgin, Zoolander, Harold and Kumar, Eurotrip, Road Trip, American Pie. Those are all still gold today! If anything it's the comedies of this decade that leave something to be desired.
And you're dating.. Kojima-san!
Such an event would transform one of the worst nicknames into one of the best nicknames.
Enter the Void. The Holy Mountain. El Topo.
> not all knowing

Not yet!
Shoes must be selling better than we thought.
> Pimax 8k

Don't be fooled, this is garbage
Old City Hall
Yay! Shorter battery lives for all! The future!
Okay now keep going up forever. I just solved world hunger.
> Should I wait for Ryzen 3 and Navi

Wait for D-Wave's quantum annealing consumer processor. That's where the real step forward is going to be.
Kise-san!
The reason for suicide is his knowledge of shady pharmaceutical dealings in Haiti.
The NBA is interested in one thing and one thing only. The Almighty Dollar. Raptors have rather carved out a reputation for themselves as playing "hard-to-watch" basketball these past few seasons. It might take a little while to shake that reputation.
> never played as either Malkavian

You NEED to do this.
Watching Roland fuck the bartender then murder Tull then let Jake go then meet with the Man in Black, sounds like a content-packed film to me.
Using this new invention called the intranet you will be able to find other like-minded people with which to play. At least that's the theory I keep hearing get thrown around.
Dagestan ready?
>  Indian Jones 

My personal favorite was Asian Jones
Making the word Brand part of the brand is just another piece of genius from Lavar
Morale recession
> Is this a meme

everything is a meme
Right up there with KOTOR for me. It's got tons of replayability as well, you surely want to replay as a Malkavian after playing through with one of the more "normal" races. Game is simply a masterpiece. Paradox recently acquired the rights to the franchise so fingers crossed that we might get a sequel in the future.
Anybody save this? He already fucked it up.
> hopefully temporary

temporary means what? another 10 years?
> And it even still has a single 5.25" bay hidden away.

Yessssss
The whole thing is hilarious because "Toronto" is nothing more than a jumble of several municipalities pretending to be a city. But oh no! How dare Vaughan and Thornhill and Richmond Hill pretend to be a part of our arbitrary party!
I yam what I yam.
Looks like it has 0 charm of the original. Bullock really needs to be stuffing her face ala Brad Pitt in at least half these scenes.
I feel like Kobe's been retiring for years now.
There's one for Physics coming out in 2018, edited by Wilzcek. So excited!
Sounds like Tower Defense.
No it won't and no it's not. Angling for a job now that his career is over, seeing as how we'll hire rejects even like Magloire.
It's going to hit me real hard when he passes. Hope there are many ments to come before that time.
These stations line up with the Viva Express Lane that's going to go across Center St. It's all part of a plan to have a much denser Vaughan/Thornhill/Richmond Hill area in the future.
blasphemy!
The more you move it back the more the imbalance between the corners and other parts of the arc is highlighted. Maybe you need to make the 3-point arc a full arc and extend the court slightly. That would probably lose seats though, so it's never going to happen.
Oh man I remember my Dendy. Getting it was like a dream come true.
So crazy, it just might work!
Eww
Vivek's a genius
How long until der8auer delidding video?
CE FCGSC Nothing beats good flower
Jesus you could run another Earth on that money.
So so so bad.
>  Dude nearly put up a quadruple double in his first game

Against LeBron no less
What about HDR?
Who?
China's increasing control over Hollywood means this kind of trash is only the tip of the iceberg.
If they ever do DragonballZ that would be nuts!
Does it also show all the local restaurants going out of business?
Damn Woj is terrible live.
Shoulda cut their balls off.
> I wonder if this means they're going to lean into the stuff that made the BC games what they were.

Nope it means they hope to cash in on nostalgia. Probably while introducing pervasive micro-transactions.
Can this run plex?
I feel like I'm looking through binoculars.
Well those articles caution you not to get too excited. But at the same time, deep learning is finding huge applications in everything from the automotive industry to spaceflight. So while the application is "niche", there is certainly demand for it.
http://news.mit.edu/2017/new-system-allows-optical-deep-learning-0612

https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/light-powered-computers-brighten-ai-rsquo-s-future/
> Optical computing remains a pipe dream.

Nanophotonics have come a long way, it might not be as much of a pipe dream as you think. It's very useful for quickly multiplying matrices which is what you need for powerful deep learning methods.


25 more optical innovations.
> Cleveland fucking up big time

And being rewarded with another 1st pick soon after.
Definitely, thing is one solid chunk of steel. It will last your life and your kids life.
Ah yes all the company men.
Graffiti please. This one draws itself. Guardian with the knife inside the smoke with the bomb timer winding down.
First they came for the 5.25" optical drive bays and I said nothing. Then they came for the 3.5" inch drive cages and I said nothing.
Jesus when did /toronto become /missingpersons?
How the fuck do you have a Tomb Raider with small titties. Shit's crazy. I'm not asking for double Ds here but goddamn.
Remember Khaybar.. They chanted the same thing in Mississauga. As a Jew this is somewhat worrying to say the least.
Holy shit
Maxwell's original equations were in terms of quaternions so it's rather fitting.
> I suspect an artificial cause

Yep that's my feeling as well.
AMD taking it to the next level.
> Think about the group of people who do the coding work

Excuse me but engineers are fucking based.
Dirrrrrrty
You guys want to meme a serial killer into reality? This is how you meme a serial killer into reality.
This is dumb. He's always talking about he's thinking about his kids but now he's willing to leave millions of dollars on the table?!
> single precision

Ewwwwww. Tell me I'm not crazy for expecting double-floating point precision for 3000 dollars. 
This girl I've been stealing glances at all semester talked to me on that last day of class. I might never see her again for all I know.
Very Berserk.
Could is be possible to use CRISPR to build custom viruses for a person or people?
Everybody knows the only right answer is Bible Black.
Because automata
Is this going to be available in Canada or what?
Ethereum to the rescue.
The application will be in resolving U-duality.
no
Hibernate kills your hard drive. Microsoft is retarded.
uhh no they are not
I just stumbled on this show and it is AMAZING. The writing is top-notch. I will be disappointed if it's cancelled but that seems to be the way the wind is blowing. Yahoo is where good ideas go to die.
I keep thinking that Khal Drogo somehow has to be the Night King. What are the white walkers if not a huge khalisar? 
I think the whole Borden family is connected. After all, it was Susie's son who hit Panto upon his entry to our world.
> Bad Santa 2

God this movie was disappointing. 
It's all about those huge lats.
It goes deeper than that. Often the beefs are manufactured by Nike's marketing department.
> 2688c/5376t and 176TB of RAM available

Will that be enough to stream 4k from my Plex server?
Edd and Bronn and brothers. Eddson and Bronnson. Before the Battle of the Blackwater, Bronn mentions his little brother being the real pest of the family. Later, he talks about going beyond the wall for work. That's how he got beyond the wall, Edd opened the gate for him.
How are your shoulders now? No injuries?
Haven't read the books but I've heard they're great. The problem I have is that Miller had the most clearly defined motivation and characterization out of the whole cast. Without him I'm having trouble putting the story into context, in trying to undestand each character's (sometimes fleeting) motivations. As for Bobbie, she's really grown on me after her daring escape. Hoping to see her interact more with the main cast this coming season.
It's bad. Really bad. Save yourself. Especially if you are fond of Avi.
Yeah Holden's a real wet bag. Naomi's just bland. Good to see the pudgy asian girl show some life near the end of last season. Since Tom Jane's been gone I've been having a hard time rooting for anyone in the show at all.
When's the premiere?
Just that anytime people try to shove this "modular" crap into something its a huge failure. Couple that with the fact that EK mentioned their leadership recently changed the direction of the company and you can begin to suspect that this is just a money-grab ploy that is not well thought through. They should continue to put out solid coolers instead of this crap.
This is going to be a disaster.
>  I could die happy if I ever see a meeting between her and Lenny.

The Misfit Holy Grail
I love you guys
Yea intel 5 is way better than ryzen 5
Even better if they had him in one of those metal masks they had to unlock Hannibal style.
I remember when they removed the Discussion button from their search engine. What a travesty.
That's what happens when the mob and the police are one and the same.
Sounds pretty fascist.
You guys are acting like a 6'8 behemoth charging at you with bad intent and murder in his eyes doesn't warrant at least some kind of reaction. That ref was intimidated as all hell.
>  different taste

bad taste
I can't remember the last time I clicked on an Ask Historians thread and everything wasn't deleted.
This is Aaron Swartz's dream realized. RIP you magnificent bastard.
Little known fact: all tweets are sarcastic
Lol Intel being better at using the CPU is a good thing.
They're already free. All hail Sci-Hub!
I'd kill for another STALKER. Should probably just replay the old ones with mods.
Defend or defecate. 
uhh wouldn't the orbits get screwed up first?
This game is amazing.
somebody's mad
Yea it's too difficult for the mods to select a relevant picture, much easier to have ESPN decide what we should be seeing for the day.
You're missing the fact that you're supposed to play these games with friends.
How long until triple DRM?
More like most overrated haha. He was nothing else than a favorable recipient of D'antoni's system. He DID NOT deserve that 2nd MVP I don't care what anyone says, Shaqs stats were nuts that year.
Ah the 32:9 aspect ratio for those who want to feel like they're looking through binoculars. 
> I watch Twitch only for gameplay streams

The Yugioh stream was hilarious tho. I hope they do DragonballZ, chat would have a field day.
the normal one
Waiting for the regular one to drop.
Gonna need SLI 2080 Tis to run a puppy like that.
I love reddit
Honest people?
God
The Shadow Team. I love it.
The Boy is obviously Elijah. Dirk is like the worst detective of all time. 
Man was ahead of his time.
Why the fuck is that guy so cool.
Because.. we're.. a.. big city?
> The defacto pick for ~~Twitch broadcasters~~

Camgirls

https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/B00DZ6R9GE/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1

this is a good PSU for $40
Also growing your economy more rapidly than anyone ever. But hey, details.
> I love KOTOR 1 and 2 AND I WANTED MORE OF THEM!

:'(
> If you're a student, quite frankly, fuck your education if the faculty is being treated poorly.

What? Fuck me? Should I also go fuck myself because my shoes and phone were made by some Thai 8 year old? That's life, I don't control these things.
RIP Holm
Sub 1H possible?
I hope they choke on Wattman.
Nobody show this to Jason Genova.
This is such an odd picture.
Nice ab
> Conor is a LW and dropped him 3 times in the 2nd fight

Conor knows how to box.. All Woodley knows is how to throw haymakers.
Meh call me when he blesses a Tesla. Blessla.
I love this show but I was honestly surprised it even got a second season. Lets just be happy with what we get.
Loved the dynamic with the new team member. I wonder if more will join as Kevin starts to "build his spirituality".
Isaiah Thomas
God I fucking hate megathreads. Corporate's way of trying to contain the issue.
It's actually very rewarding.
Is /nba finally giving back that triple double they stole from LeBron?
A few years back I bought an EVGA 600B for about $60. That's a solid PSU but it's more expensive these days.

EDIT: Can get it on newegg for $70 currently with free shipping, could drop more closer to the holidays.
I don't think they're airing the episodes in order.
Phil really hit LeBron where it hurts with that posse comment huh?
>Usually I NEVER feel small

>Usually


To be fair that's a pretty stereotypical look for those kinds of books. Just google image Romance Novels.
Can trebuchets snipe a bowman off the wall at 700 meters? Nope.
You mean 2 generations
> Disney/Lucasfilm intended

Disney is going to destroy Star Wars mark my words.
> Trebuchets are superior in every way compared to catapults.

Catapults are far more precise than trebuchets.
Sparkplug
> Maybe it's because they're all escorts and masseuses

lol, could be
[Flying Purple People Eater](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nEeoXS18Ww)
> I dont know enough about any of that but kinda stupid people care that much about a useless point system if it is true.

People don't but advertisers might.
That was a ref in their own promotion though...
They'll be a thing again once VR gets some wind in its sails.
His podcast on JRE seemed perfectly eloquent and well reasoned.
I'd like you to go fuck yourself.
Damn right, confidence in the face of adversity is what the greats all had.
except anyone involved in valuable research has legitimate access to all this material
Sci-hub got us.
But does he have a twelve inch member? Little known fact about Rasputin: he started a sex cult and had relations with Aleister Crowley.
I would pay good money to see that.
wavedash
> despite seeming friendly and charming, he's a serial sexual predator

Most predators are charming. They have to be to avoid suspicion. The usual image we have of weirdos are just the ones that get caught.
He's just making sure the UFC can't take them back.
> Visible lens distortion adds motion sickness and nausea when moving around, or moving your head up and down.

Sounds like a recipe for success. It's not like VR is a vomit simulator already.


Well he also helped sell a lot of shoes...
Yea wtf I'm not spending 200+ dollars on 16gb of RAM. That shit is wack.
> Rather than studying the tax gap itself, CRA proposes to study the idea of studying the gap

Is this a real line said by a real human?
So what was Asik's +/- in those 4 minutes?
and i don't need it taking up space on my desk
Learn to flick between two positions with precision.
Why am I so much less likely than all these people to know :(. Nobody tells me anything.
> nobody you will ever know

But what about 6 degrees of separation?
Are you saying the Koenigsegg's aren't luxurious inside? Have you SEEN the Agera interior?!
Reaching was unreachable once.
Yes this is the problem. Unaware pedestrians. Not the rampaging drivers frothing at the mouth to make the next light.
I uninstalled Windows 10.
Razer's quality control has always been spotty. The problem is the Deathadder is so damn good I don't mind getting a new one every-time it starts to double click or the scroll button breaks.
same as Mi Mix
Both... at the same time?
This was the KOTOR 3 we all deserved.
That's because these laws don't really exist to curb those practices. They exist as an extra tax on the populace.
> I think the oversimplification in 5 is a commonality with games these days.

This is also because the game is now on consoles.
Is this why someone left a red scarf on my door?
Does this mean no highways/multi-lane roads AGAIN?!?!
LeBronovich
If I remember correctly, there was a way to pipe acestream into plex but it was pretty convoluted.
Because AMD is an angel. We all know if the tables were turned, AMD would act exactly the same. This strange loyalty to mega conglomerates is mind boggling.
Arms looking kinda small. 
This guy was always my pick for Roland. After young Clint of course.
god OLED is such garbage tech
When Rondo returns Pelicans will be spooky.
B-b-but the i5 is perfectly fine for gaming according to reddit!
The proof is left as an exercise for the reader.
I gotta move to America.
Croupier with Clive Owen. "Hold on tightly. Let go lightly"
no
This is why I drive a cheap piece of shit Honda.
Body dis-morphia.
Monta Ellis have it all.
Just like Oberyn killed him?
Mountain is Azor Ahai confirmed. I mean he does qualify for the greatest warrior in the realm. And he's been rebirthed just like Jon and Dany.
Bronn and Edd are brothers. Bronnson and Eddson. That's how he got beyond the wall.
This video is a gif factory.
LaVar is the gift that keeps on giving.
Remember when reddit used to show the number of upvotes and downvotes? Pepperidge farm remembers.
Yes this is called economics.
> 1070ti uses GDDR5, but 1080 uses GDDR5X

Ah so good for miners.
Hey man we played them to two close games two years ago.
>Does Hitler have a grave?

Sure in Argentina.
Oh shit this is the reason PSP got shutdown.
Amazon better get off their ass and deliver this to my doorstep ASAP.
> the mouth of Sarver

Is this kind of like being the Mouth of Sauron?
dude spoilers
ruin what exactly? its mario. you jump, you get stars, you kick Bowser's ass, it's not exactly a mystery at this point
http://jech.bmj.com/content/57/4/238
Don't post this. It will cause more suicides. Why do you think TTC doesn't advertise when there are suicides?
Really fascinating stuff. 
No its not true, contrary to popular /mma folklore, Palhares can and does speak perfectly eloquently and intelligently in Portuguese. Certainly better than Derrick Rose speaks English.
If they ever add a way to combine Plex with Sia, that would be a huge win.
That game is cel-shaded which means it can be upscaled to any resolution and look gorgeous. This is not true for most games.
Tell that to Pixel 2 owners.
OLED is garbage tech. Screen burn in outweighs any positives it has to offer.
This was maybe the worst episode of Ray Donovan I've ever seen and coincidentally it had a very high incidence rate of Bridget.
http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/10/20/jerryrigeverything-rips-pixel-2-exposes-easily-scratched-plastic-coating/

You telling me that isn't plastic? 
This phone is pure garbage. Made of plastic, lacking features, exorbitantly expensive, and comes with a myriad of problems ranging from sound to screen issues. This is everything wrong with the phone industry today incased in a phone.
Maybe so but there were some threads on voat that were absolute gold. Stuff about money laundering through art galleries and such that was completely eye opening. Never would have seen it without voat.
Thank god for voat.
Dunno, gonna have to break out the old slide rule and abacus for this one.
Less pixels on the Mix 1. Less pixels = less power.
My Mix has a bigger battery, a less power hungry screen, a 3.5mm headphone jack, and is encased in an all ceramic body. Why would I ever upgrade to this nonsense? Seemingly thinner bezels as well.
Respect the hustle.
Da Black Pop
Sounds about right
They also mentioned Elizabeth Moss, a well known scientologist. Just a coincidence I suppose.
> It's full of insecure people with low self esteem

not like this sub at all
The only thing Skip is a professional at is being a troll, which he proves here once again.
So you think taking the wasted votes and dividing them by the total votes cast somehow sheds light on bias of maps? 
One step closer to the Nintendo Playstation
Interesting that the release coincides with the Rosens' selling Humble Bundle.
How hard is it to get replacements?
I've been skipping all of her scenes for several seasons now. Makes the show much better honestly.
Questions are evil.
Kevin Love, I never thought that white fatty would amount to anything.
I thought that Subaru was sweet.
Those two chicks are going to have some serious survivor guilt.
Steam is DRM
> russians did it in berlin

but not the germans in Leningrad surely
except you can't turn one of them vertically if you need to do some real work
He should've never turned down Bond is what happened.
Oculus is garbage; the price reflects that.
You people are insane. 
Fuck it just get rid of the people.
Anthony Bennett won't be satisfied until he's played for every team in the league. 
A different way of looking at it is that the only people who buy these don't give a damn about their depreciation.
What is this crap? Have they lost their marbles? Fuck it my next monitor will be 30:5 aspect ratio. That's where it's at.
-Adam $ilver
Dude definitely post the 14 1s.
Powerful Anunoby
Run Shor's algorithm in polynomial time.
der8auer delidding video when?
Hit em with the ol' pump fake into unblock-able step through.
Or Q6600 and 8800GT
Madison Time Cube Garden
I remember being pissed about this when I bought it. This was back when Steam was still a pile of dogshit.
worth every penny
I'd love to see Weinstein go on a rampage and start naming names.
Toronto, 1970 Beetle

http://wwwa.autotrader.ca/a/Volkswagen/Beetle/NORTH+YORK/Ontario/19_10365496_/?showcpo=ShowCPO&orup=7_15_4310
Yes
> I don't get why anyone would want Diaz 3 again so fast

Yep that's what everyone said about Diaz 2.
I hope they make many more Cuphead sequels until they are all old and fat. I will buy each one.
Guys seriously just buy this game. If you love games at all just buy this one. If you just can't at least try to spread the good word! This thing is an instant classic and we need to encourage more creativity like this.
This game uses an incredible animation technique.
> He pushes the ball up fast and then gets it to the player running with him

This is an underrated skill to have. Acute awareness in transition is an intangible few have.
The ultimate defense against piracy. Oh well FitGirl will fix it for me.
Literally all my devices work on usb 2.0. My mic, my xbox 360 controller, my headphone charger etc. This isn't the future, you're being swindled and you're taking it with a smile on your face.
removing 2.0 usb ports wtf...
How do you know they don't? Maybe they just don't advertise themselves as such.
> I think ownership will be willing to pay the luxury tax.

hahahaha
> Risen 3

I liked it. What other game lets you mind control people with voodoo dolls and then make them give away all their stuff?
white people are weird
16:10 monitors seem to be coming back into vogue. You have several widescreens with 1600p vertical resolution so there is still some demand for screens that don't look like binoculars. Personally I would hate to see them disappear.
ewwwwwww
> 24 hr of prime 95

but... why?
> Amazon 

UFC Twitch night please.
Wow features from the early 2000s..
I'm sure the city will take a good hard look at the data they collect before discarding it and doing whatever they want.
I was blown away by how terrible it was.
> Andy Rautins wont be on the team

Praise Jesus
> (35 ppg, down from 37.1 ppg the previous season)

scrub
Vertigo is great.
> he still looks pretty weak and physically underdeveloped.

He's still growing and he's 22.
"How can our species ever compete?!"
And humans first discovered sin by eating the apple from the tree in the Garden. Apples are just powerful symbols for whatever reason aren't they.
Revenge Basketball is a great shitty band name!
Yes lets make things 10x harder for ourselves by posting twitter links that never work instead of a simple streamable we can browse without even checking the thread.
Submission - tap due to humiliation
"non-profit leaders and entrepreneurs" hahahahaha
this is retarded
I always thought he would be good friends with the Time Cube guy. Imagine you could work out on each side of the cube per day. The gainzzzzz.
> I don't know how he has found himself in the position he is in.

And hope you never will.
KOTOR II, Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodline, The Longest Journey
Don't forget the wallets.
> DeMar 3

lol
Thank you kind bot!
What about the guy who slowed down time to work out.
That's what the numbers say.
> mate

He did the thing. He did the thing!

His coathes fired him and he was relegated to being trained by his mom.
She not too bright is she? All she had to do was stay with him and promote his suicidal lifestyle for another year and she would have his empire all to herself.
My Q6600 hit 3GHz. My i5-4670K hits 4GHz. It only stands to reason that my next CPU should hit 5GHz.
Holy shit a 5GHz 6-core? siliconlottery here I come
I like wolves. I am a fan of wolves now.
who?
Mods have sold out. Cocksuckers.
Disgusting
God Cormier is really coming off as a pussy lately
Good job everyone, see you back next Thursday for rehearsals.
Sure but having the balls to take the shot in the first place demonstrates his confidence in his chin.
Ask him what he thinks about steroids.
Now draw their topological representation.
You wouldn't download a car
Perfectly standard Barbell Neck Bridges.
B.J. Ryan. Feel asleep with an ice pack on his knee, destroying it. Thus began the era of The Raptors.
I'm kind of starved for more Entourage and this is the next best thing.
Canada is built on small business, this will devastate it.
MFW when people think Chechnya = Russia
Worst possible scenario
Semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation semantic satiation
But the economy is booming! 20,000 people just lost their jobs and pensions, housing prices are in free fall, but at least the economy is booming!
Too bad he plays a game not a sport
I'll take Kyrie over PG or Butler any day. He's transcendent offensively. 
no
wat
> or maybe seifert demand Charles give up the baby for adoption so he could focus on his job...

this is cannon now
>And the two female main characters were just awful.

The show becomes much better when you skip through their scenes. Not going to miss much either with regards to the story haha.
You should give Blood Drive a chance. Also Ghost Wars coming soon looks like it might be interesting. How the hell can they cancel Dark Matter over that garbage Killjoys? They're both low-budget sci-fi but Dark Matter actually had some heart.
Holy shit that looks amazing. Like it could've been a defining title on the N64. It looks like the kind of game people would still be speed-running today.
Kobe sucked ass on defense especially in his later years.
I love my Mi Mix but this guy is talking nonsense. The kind of utility a headphone jack provides far and above beats how a phone "feels" in your hand.
> is only alive by meme magic

So he will live forever?
> fapping to trap porn is the least gay thing there is

Holy shit Big Lenny was right all along..

This data would mean a lot more with volume included.
Time to introduce Common Core!
You're kidding me. Cersei is a master player. And she should be, she was taught by the best.
Just wait until you get tired of "foreshadowing"
Jon just bent the knee. Imagine what the optics will look like if it comes out that they're banging. People in the North are already starting to doubt Jon, now they might think he bent the knee for a pretty piece of ass.
Because he's a Reyne plotting their inevitable demise.
He used to swear a lot less before he hit his mid-life crisis and got himself a mailorder Icelandic bride.
Golem is coming, I think miners will be okay.
> Sleep Train Arena

this one is iconic
No it's not worth it, it's nasty as all hell.
> Are they gonna keep going after they finally know the truth?

They'll go even harder.
Rhaegar was Azor Ahai and Jon is Lightbringer.
Wear it like plot armor and you can be Jesus.
I scoff at your attachment as it comes with a healthy dose of closure. Now try being attached to something that gets cancelled early. Like Firefly. Whedon had 5 seasons planned out! FIVE SEASONS!!!
Y'all are heavily underestimating Littlefinger. But that's okay, that's exactly how he likes it.
Same with NBA players.
> Did Genova lie about not graduating high school just to have an excuse not to go to college? 

sounds like this belongs in the Genovapedia
Translation: he fights again within 2 years.
Novitzky on fire lately.
We need to write this shit down in the blockchain. Bitpedia.
It was to take away the temptation of doing what Littlefinger had advised.
Robert Horry
He probably called Benjen.
Meets Jade Empire?
Of course it will, it's part of the prophecy.
Oh no you gave in to reason.
CFR, Trilateral Commission, and Bilderberg is a strong point of concentration of their influence.

Sometimes you have to learn to lose before you can learn to win.
But wouldn't it be so tragic if she were?
> LF straight up is still just trying to play power politics.

And succeeding! Look at that lightning quick adaptation and thinking to fool Arya and use her for his purposes! Baelish still got a few tricks up his sleeve.
You can probably do it with Linux.
One other being: "Fuck this shit I'm out"
Might as well remove old George from the dollar bill.
Cersei marries the Night King confirmed.
That's s how Houdini died
They should be demonetized for naming themselves after a Turkish extremist group that perpetrated horrors during the Armenian genocide. 
Big Lenny next :(
He's friends with Floyd but I'm somewhat skeptical that Malinaggi would be willing to make such a fool of himself on purpose. Who knows, maybe he got a nice paycheck.
I want Guild Wars 1. I want to farm ectoplasm and enter the Hall of Heroes. I want to farm griffins and wear Fissure Armor.
Dude octopus is delicious what's Dennis' problem?
> don't hold your breath

I hope people took this advice
I doubt it, that was before social media reps were a thing. As you can see here he is quite well-spoken, not a stretch to assume he can write.
His blog on nba.com back in the day was really well written.
Right because unlike all those coaches he actually gives a shit about Nate.
The blood magic performed by Mirri Maz Dur is the whole reason all this is happening in the first place.
Dude the Order of the Phoenix game is badass. There's a replica of Hogwarts you can run around in an open-world fashion. 
The white walkers are similarly a khalisar. Led by Khal Drogo.
True love is blind
I do the same, only except when the players are shitheads.
I'm more interested in the 8700K is that coming soon or what?

EDIT: If it's a hex-core that can hit 5.0 Ghz, silicon lottery here I come!
We're all thinking it and I'm just saying it.
Anderson Silva?
Arya vs Syrio?
Won't we? I mean Howland Reed has to show up at SOME point right? Right..?
> arena

You mean the arena paid for by the taxpayers?
I normally hate OVO shit but this is actually really nice
Who cares I'm pirating it anyways.
It's much closer to the original idea of bitcoin and if the miners like it, it will definitely survive.
There's always Xiaomi
Yes
Look at New Development Bank. Russia is about to drop the dollar and introduce the Petroruble mark my words.
The real reason they're doing this is so everybody buys some shitty Bluetooth headphones.
Unlike now where the parity runs wild.
He's got all the charisma of a cardboard.
> the alternative is insane.

Yes actually paying the athletes what they're worth. *shudders*
Bet he doesn't make it past his first fight.
And then die at 50 from diabetes.
Just cutting out the middle man.
Can I run Plex on it?
>  Seems wrong.

Welcome to Japan
Looks like it costs 5 cents to make.
Translation: she fights again this year.
How many PPVs would this event do?
I knew this was going to be a piece of shit from the moment I laid my eyes on it.
> if the Russian government wants to they can shut that down for an event.

wat?
Agree! They should've kept the old one alive.
Ivanka's friend...
The whole reason he brings up that scene is because they got married in front of the tree.
China starting to steal away players from the NBA. I have a feeling salaries there will continue to rise. 
Ask unidan
The Room was a money laundering scheme. Emoji Movie is simply a sign of the coming apocalypse.
Still better than Rogers.
Thanks! Just finished ordering.
Fuck this eye-poking asswipe.
Any chance these will be available to buy in Canada?
>I test computer hardware

There's an understatement if I've ever heard one.
