If there's no bylaw or rule against it, he can just go ahead and do it.  What are they going to do about it?  Fine him for violating a bylaw?

I'm a strata council president, we don't get to just do what we want.  The bylaws restrict us as much as they do any other resident.
That didn't answer the question at all.

Where exactly is this woefully underutilized industrial land in Abbotsford?
>ust because it is or is not in the bylaws doesn’t mean the caretaker can not enforce. 

Actually, it does mean he can't enforce it.  That's why the rules and bylaws exist.
You can't just file a lien on someone's house for a debt, liens have specific requirements and must be filed within very short time frames.

Unless things have changed, garnishing requires you to go back to small claims and get the judge to agree.  You also need that small claims hearing because it's during that hearing that you will be able to question him under oath as to "What is your bank account number?", "Where do you work?", etc.
Where exactly are you speaking about? 
Abbotsford has always been treated differently by the ALC.

For example, one of those two requests was to basically continue Gloucester Estates past the Langley/Abbotsford border.  Langley was easily able to get all that land removed from the ALR to build Gloucester Estates despite have huge portions of non\-developed, non\-ALR land at the time.
If that was the case then they wouldn't allow concrete floored greenhouses that are many acres in size, two feet of gravel laid down on top of the soil for nursery plants, giant chicken and mushroom barns that get all their feed and supplies from elsewhere, etc.
And it's the first thing they teach you in any first aid or CPR course; so that's a myth being passed from person without training to person without training.
Hospitals have MRIs, and they have Emergency Rooms.  That doesn't mean the ER has the MRI, it means the ER has access to the MRI.  Most of the time the MRI will be used by non\-emergency patients.
No, what you just said would be the store grasping at straws when trying to justify their sign.
That's the range, not the charge.  In other words, if the exchange rate is a $1.40, the charge $1.42 one way and $1.38 going the opposite way.  So you're only paying 2&#37;.

Considering there are costs involved in exchanging money, including the fact that the rate is still fluctuating after you set your rate for the day, it is a service for which you are going to have to pay.
That makes no sense.  He stated it said "Canadian conversion".  Litres is not a Canadian unit; the only Canadian unit being used is dollars.

They are posting the metric conversion and calling it a Canadian conversion.  A Canadian conversion would logically use the Canadian dollar.
\> That building was an empty concrete box for 20 years.

Sorry to be late, but that's not the case.  It was an active mill.  But we had two in Abbotsford, and when they made the farms cull all their chickens during the last big bird flu the mill shut down during the many months that the chicken farmers were not buying feed.  The other mill survived.  I believe that flu was in 2004, so it was only shut down for a few years before the renovation was conceptualized.
No, .fr is equal to .us

There is no equivalent; the US government grabbed .gov and say it's for their use only.  Since having .gov let's people know it's official, it really should have been divided up to be [us.gov](https://us.gov) for the US government, [fr.gov](https://fr.gov) for the French government, [ca.gov](https://ca.gov) for the Canadian government, etc.
That site is not regularly maintained.  For example, none of the towers in Mission, BC were announced on it.
That sounds like the rink needs to take more responsibility in educating the fans.
I think everyone from a serious hockey area knows you're not supposed to bang on the glass.  It will and has broken that way.  I don't know what you mean by "everyone does it"; a few idiots among all the people sitting against the glass is not "everyone".
If profit margins are larger, competition will enter the market and reduce the profit margins.
Never said I did.  I just analyzed your words.  Do you not stand behind your words?

I've also never said you are wrong about how to spray dust; I know nothing about that and your explanation seems reasonable.  I just provided the fact that this is not what happened here.  You made assumptions, and you were wrong.
No, I did not make a certain type of argument.  That was you.  You stated they were spraying dust up.  You were wrong.

\> Therefore we know without fault the grain was *always present* dont we?

No, there's no grain involved here.  This hopper in no way looks like the setup of a grain hopper.  If you're not aware of that, then your assertions that you know what to do in these situations is suspect as you obviously have not been in such a situation.

The reason behind this explosion was sawdust falling and hitting the ground.  It had nothing to do with spray patterns.
But you assert they spayed up the dust by incorrectly spraying for dusty conditions, resulting in them kicking up the dust.  That is not what occured.
Might then be the version of Android that you're on.  I have an older phone than you, but am on Nougat.
Except he wasn't spraying dust.

This was local to me, and occured back in 2016.  They were spraying down the hopper when the hopper was unexpectedly opened.  It was the opening of the hopper that suddenly added dust to the situation.
Try retraining the voice model; you might have the update but haven't trained it to use it.
There's been many different ice cream places in Abbotsford; and each time they've closed after a couple of years of trying to drum up business.  I think the problem is that there's no definite "hang out" place where you know you'll consistently draw a crowd.
>not since 2010

Post 2010 rental disclosures in no way conflict with my statement.
You retain copyright to whatever you post on Maps.  You just give Google the right to display it, and perhaps people using their API.  You can still do whatever else you want to do with the photo... it's your photo.
You've paralleled someone else that already reponded, see my response at [https://www.reddit.com/r/vancouver/comments/8edwwt/vancouvers\_empty\_homes\_tax\_pulls\_in\_30m/dxva6b5](https://www.reddit.com/r/vancouver/comments/8edwwt/vancouvers_empty_homes_tax_pulls_in_30m/dxva6b5)
I work in real estate valuation, that is not what happens.

Yes, there are people that want investment units, and there are buildings devoted to that.

But most people that want to live in the unit they own will pay more for a rental restricted building.

Remember that almost always a building allows rentals when the developer is originally selling it, because he doesn't want to restrict his market.  For a building to end up restricted it requires a 3/4 vote of the owners.  Buildings that are largely rentals will stay that way.  Buildings that are half and half will stay that way.  It's only the buildings that are largely owner occupied that might end up passing rental restrictions.  They will do so because people that live in the units they own tend to want non\-rental buildings.  Since that is a desirable feature, it does drive up the prices on units in rent restricted units.

With all that said, if we're just talking specifically about downtown Vancouver I'd have to check with my colleagues that handle that market.  But the general lower mainland and Fraser Valley market most certainly does not favour rental buildings.

Edit:  I should note also that this has not always been what has been seen.  My professional organization even did a study about 10 years ago that found a slight \(less that 3&#37;\) decrease in value for restricted units at that time.  Funny enough, they found that West End units increased by 10&#37; if restricted.  But the trend we've notice has been the opposite way as of late; for example in my area for several years now the restricted buildings went up more than average and the rental strata buildings went up less than average. 
>but having officially no rentals allowed will hurt the value of the so they'd risk losing more than what they are saving..

That is exactly opposite of what actually happens.
Not anymore.  PIPA has restricted it, you can't use video for minor offenses.

But. how that is applied is:

old rules \- you can't watch the video to find violations.  You could use it if someone reports "I saw someone not wait for the gate at 6:37pm, not sure who though."

new rules \- you can't do either of the above, but if someone says "I saw a blue Pathfinder, license XXX 123, not wait for the gate at 6:37", that is proof.  So is "I saw Bob do it."
As he said, he's with VanCity, it's the biggest credit union in BC.

I'm with the second biggest, have been for almost 40 years.  I've also never had mine try to sell me anything I didn't go in to buy.

Credit unions are owned by the customers and we vote as to who is on the board.
It's not necessarily the banks; Mastercard and Visa are US companies.  The banks just sell you the credit card companies products.
It most certainly is overwhelmingly exaggerated.
My father was one such person, and it's actually referred to as "walking quadriplegic".  He even returned to bartending for a while, though it was tougher to do than before his accident as he couldn't turn his neck  and he couldn't lift his arms much above his head.

The term quadriplegic just means all four limbs are affected.  And in his case you could visually see it; he had limitations in all his limbs.  But he could walk for miles, drive an unaltered car, carry in his groceries, etc.

His accident was just over the border in the US, and I remember when he first was transferred to a hospital in Canada weeks later.  He was sitting in a wheelchair with a full halo on, and the nurses were discussing how to get him from the chair to a bed.  So he stood up.  Scared them; they didn't expect it at all.
He clearly gave a "it could be A or could be B" scenario; it's you that has made assumptions.
"Unknown origin" is just as bad.
Opposite side of the country, same story here; no real issues.
I don't think speed is a major consideration, it's more like pricey and little disruption vs cheaper and disruptive.

Cambie was cut and cover, many businesses really suffered or even went out of business.
I'll disagree; my wife and I do probably 50&#37; of our grocery shopping there.

Add in the savings on glasses and contacts, electronics \(shopped around during Xmas and Boxing week sales for a TV, no one could beat Costco\), jeans and other clothing, etc. and even for a couple it can pay off.  We have the Executive membership, sure it costs $110, but we got a $\`\`160 rebate this year because of it.
Everything Costco sells is returnable for a 100&#37; refund, including their memberships.
There are in and out of market Tabs.
There's a much easier way, arrest the vendors.  The organizers aren't going to do the event if no one will pay them hundreds of dollars for a 10x10 spot.
Other stories specified that New York's double jeopardy law applies to all situations, and then has a list of exceptions.  This legislation is to add presidential pardons to the exceptions list.
It's not about above ground versus subway, it's about building a subway via tunnelling or cut\-and\-cover.
Everything I can read says the King declared it just 3 days ago as a surprise to all.  The articles all say that since it's an absolute monarchy it will happen.  They give no details as to what the process is and if that process has occurred.

I can tell you that Google will not be changing their map until everything is official.

Edit:  And I should mention that if you look up the new name, it already points to the right place.  Features on the map can have multiple names, you just can only see the primary name.  When they do update the map what they would do is continue to retain both names for search purposes, but mark the new name as the primary name.
And has the paperwork that needs to be done, no matter how small, been done?
Is everything official?  The king declaring it means there's no doubt it will happen, but does it then need to be passed and enacted by parliament?
You can't say what you'll allow when the province hasn't nailed down what they will allow.
As a Boy Scout in the 1980's I attend the World Jamboree.  Even then there were enough co\-ed groups from around the world that the showers had 2 hours in the morning and evening for women.
Of note, if you're not already a Shaw customer and using their wifi hotspots, be sure to download Freedom's app that lets you access those hotspots.  WIth those you perhaps won't be going over 10 gigs anymore.
Legally you still need to declare that at the border.

[https://www.cbsa\-asfc.gc.ca/publications/dm\-md/d8/d8\-4\-2\-eng.html](https://www.cbsa-asfc.gc.ca/publications/dm-md/d8/d8-4-2-eng.html)
>It showed that the promo ended on the 18th of Oct. but it is still offered in Niagara Falls and Windsor...

No, it ended Oct. 2.  It came back later in those and other stores.

>So saying that it’s offered in select stores is not wrong

That's not what you said. Words matter.

I'm not going to continue here; I've answered your question. It seems you want to feel that people should have voted based on your intentions rather than what you actually said.  No one knew your intentions, they just knew what you said was wrong.
I don't know what else you expect of me.  You asked why you were getting downvotes.  I supplied the info to show that everything you were saying was incorrect.

The plan being revived later in limited stores does not negate that what you said was wrong.

And now knowing that you actually showed up to a store right after the promo first expired lets me know that you should be fully aware of these facts.  The store would not have said "Sorry, we never had that offer available", but rather would have said "Sorry, the promo ended 3 days ago."

Those that downvoted you did so properly, your misinformation did not contribute to the conversation.


>Back in Oct 5 2017

The promo was over on Oct 2nd.

So to be clear, your downvotes would be because you claimed it was at select stores when in fact it was at all stores, but you showed up after the promo.

And because you claimed it was not for new activations.

Edit: [For your reference](https://web.archive.org/web/20171001114748/http://www.freedommobile.ca:80/plans-and-devices/plans/mobile-plan-details/promo-everywhere-50-8gb).
You still haven't really provided a compelling argument for either question.

Your argument for letting PRs vote municipally boils down to "Meh, what can it hurt?"

Your argument for how you prevent the slippery slope of why municipal but not higher is "Hell no, PRs shouldn't be allowed to make decisions that affect others."

I can see you really aren't going to think it out further than that, so  I'll bow out.
I live in Abbotsford and have used such services for years (decades if you want to include the years my American grandparents were alive and received packages for us).  Shipping fees is all you should look at when deciding whether to use such a service; if you just go down for the day then you should count on having to pay the taxes at the border and consider yourself lucky when they don't make you pay.

When others mention that package places might be set up to let you open the package there; that has nothing to do with the border expecting them to be open; that has to do with trying to smuggle your package across as something you already owned.  I don't consider it worth the risk; they will want a reasonable explanation of why you took the trip.

Also, if you throw out the packaging, good luck if you need to do a return.
You just named a bunch of things that the provincial and/or federal governments also have a big impact on.
You just went from arguing that city governments have lots of impact to arguing that they have little impact.  I take it you really have no argument.

>when I asked to get onto the 8GB Promo Everywhere 50 Plan in store when activating a new line they didn’t allow me at the Coquitlam Centre location...

Were you a new customer?

Was the promo actually running at the time?
That argument doesn't work at all.

To say that city government affects one's daily life but provincial and federal do not is just ignorance of what each level of government does.  For example, this proposal can only be approved by the provincial government, so using your statement that the city government affects our daily lives then it is a provincial decision as to whether PRs can influence how our daily lives will be affected.

The fact is that all three levels of government affect everyone's lives.

Additionally, the PR program is federally run, so of course federal elections have a direct impact on their daily lives; more so than non PRs.
>why am I being down voted?

Because...

>This plan was offered at select stores

It was offered everywhere.

> others were able to get the plan is through loyalty which is not a option for someone looking into a new activation. 

It was specifically for new activations only, that and a 2 gig bonus were the "promo" parts of it.  Existing customers had to pay $59 for the non-promo plan.  The entire reason people went to loyalty was because they were existing customers and wanted to get the promo.
I understand that's how it's being run; but the college of pharmacists definitely could put some limits on where they're members are allowed to work.  Multiple colleges have banned sales of cigarettes in places where their pharmacists work (I believe it failed, though, when the BC College attempted it).

And if you're in a pharmacy and want more info on the homeopathic remedy, who deals with you?  I often see pharmacists out in the aisles helping customers pick out non-medical solutions.
I think for some the wheat actually was an issue.  But notice I said wheat, not gluten.

My wife has been able to take advantage of the gluten craze to deal with her wheat allergy.  It's a proper allergy diagnosed by an allergist using the scratch tests; in other words the adult equivalent to what most people get done as kids with a pediatrician facilitating.  It makes me wonder how many of those people that say they feel better when they avoid gluten just have a wheat allergy?  They would greatly benefit from getting properly diagnosed and then told how to deal with it/get over it (yes, you can get over a food allergy, but it then can come back if you eat too much of that food).
To me that's an issue right there; why is a pharmacy selling that stuff?  Pharmacists are regulated professionals that we are supposed to trust for medical advice.  How is this different than your MD selling homeopathic remedies?

Maybe I'm remembering incorrectly, but it seems to me that decades ago a pharmacist just provided proven medicines.  And there is no disputing the fact that doing so alone is a lucrative career.  But their college seems to now allow them to do shady stuff just to squeeze the public for some more money.
Yes, MLS captures listing that may not sell.  And such data is useless, as if it didn't sell the data tells you nothing about sales trends as you don't know why it didn't sell.

>I am not sure where private presale and assignments fit in as it could be capture or not depending on what the buyers and sellers do. Not to mention the shell companies and offshore trust transactions that are not capture by either.

These all do not (normally) appear on either system.  If the law changes, they then would appear on Land Titles.  They normally wouldn't appear on MLS, it's very rare that stratas are sold via MLS. 

>So, there is a public policy question of mandating public listing for certain real estate sales, and allow MLS to house it while ensuring public access.

There is no such policy.  It's a common occurence, just as it's common for other things for sale to be displayed.  But private sales happen all the time.  My mother-in-law lives in a condo building where over half the sales are private via the mennonite community.  I just recently researched a place for work (so I will give no more details) where the sales were 85% private.  How did we know there were extra sales beyond what was on MLS? Simple, we rely on Land Titles for the actual sales.  My uncle for years flipped homes (as in buying, making major renovations, and then selling them) and did not use MLS as the MLS fees would have taken up a lot of his profit.  New strata sales are also normally private.  The actual policy is for where all sales are housed is that they are housed Land Titles.

>Yes, I am discussing partially nationalizing/provincializing the MLS, but the MLS is a monopoly, right?

No, it's not a monopoly, you don't have to use them and many don't use them.  The place everyone does have to use is Land Titles, and that is already public.
Perhaps it's wrong, but I heard it described that the pub is the British living room.  The picture they painted was of your typical British row housing and a pub in the corner unit, and that's where you went to watch TV or read rather than your own living room.

I live in Canada a block from a pub.  I'd like to do the same, but with the prices here an evening in the pub would spend all the money I made that day.
No, they don't share it, but they don't need to.  See my comment parallel to your's.
I keep seeing people wanting that without understanding what they are wanting.

MLS is a private organization.  Forcing companies and organizations to share their data is a slippery slope.  MLS already does share it with the government organizations that need it.

MLS also only has data on sales their organization handles.

Land Titles, on the other hand, is the government body that has the data on every single sale that occurs.

Land Titles data is already public.
That's yet another expense, so again many will not want it until it becomes more mainstream.
They aren't.

Amazon has started collecting tax in every state that has a sales tax, even though they are not required to do so.  From what I understand, a lot of states were considering special legislation, often known as "Amazon laws", that would require large retailers to charge it even if they didn't have a presence.  Amazon thus just decided to collect from everyone rather than deal with different legislation in every state.
A problem with that is going to be that until they become a lot more commonplace, there is going to be a lot of people who don't want their condo fees going towards charging someone else's car.
Newegg doesn't have a physical presence in your state.  You do.  Stores only have to collect it for you if they have a physical presence; with the recent deals Amazon worked out being the exceptions.
That's right, and it's not the part of his post to which I was responding.

The DMV, or whatever is equivalent, is only going to issue a license to someone with a disaiblity if they are convinced that the person can safely compensate for it.
When you have a health change that affects your ability to drive, that invalidates your license until you get re-certified.  My dad lost his twice; the doctors in both cases immediately mentioned that he was not legal to drive.
Does it have the Google Play store on it?  And through the play store can you install hundreds of apps onto your watch?

That's what will tell you if it has Wear OS or not.
At least mallcops are paid and trained; I'd equate it more to asking your neighbourhood watch to take on the Mexican cartel.
Already updated my comment before you even posted :)  Sorry about that.
> you continually talking down to me and acting all catty for asking a question is pretty sad.

In response to me saying simply "No, it defeats the purpose of an ad" you responded with the above... that is clearly giving me shit for expressing an opinion.

You're getting pretty tiring here, I'm done with you.
Your entire post here is all about being upset about a single ad.

You keep trying to deny what you've said; so obviously upon re-reading you realize you keep realizing you are incorrect.
You insinuated it every time you got upset that I expressed an opinion.

And you furthered it when you implied that I must work for Google if I express an opinion.

But nice deflection from the fact that you don't understand "you are the product".
OK, so now you don't think anyone else should have an opinion that doesn't match yours, and now you've added that if they do then they must work for the company you are complaining about?!

The world doesn't consist of just your opinion and no one elses.
OP didn't ask to pay, OP specifically said he wanted it to be free with an option to opt out of ads.  Google has never offered that option, and I doubt you will find many successful developers that offer it.

Edit: didn't realize you weren't OP.
I'm glad you now realize that others can have an opinion.

You have not in any way demonstrated you know what "you are the product" means.  Your entire post here says you don't understand it.  Simply knowing stuff about you earns Google $0, and does not pay any of the bills.  Simply knowing things about you is not what is meant by "you are the product".
You are not the only person allowed to express an opinion.

One ad in your directions is not "aggressive".

What exactly do you think "your are the product" means?
You've never been able to opt out of an ad.

Telling you "no" is not continually talking down to you.  Offering my opinion as to why it's that way is no different than your opinion that you should have everything free.  If you don't want other opinions, stay off the internet.
No, that defeats the purpose of an ad.
I fail to see why you should be pissed about it.  Things cost money.  Why would anyone pay for incredibly expensive things just to give them to you for free?  If they've made a really good product that you find useful, you need to accept either paying for it or advertisements to pay for it.
I drive 5 minutes to work.

But my job does require that I have my car with me ready to use.
Again, please tell me the exact words he said.
> knew he was in a fucking parking lot designated for school use.

He said what exactly?  I'm sure he didn't say "I'm in a parking lot designated for school use", so no, that's not what he said on the tape.  And the news reports have stated that the bit about what parking lot he was in was unclear (as in can't be heard very well).  So please tell me, what exact words did he say?
The caller made it clear to both operators that he could not hear them and there was no point in responding.
>He knew he was in a fucking parking lot designated for school use.

How do you know that?

Overflow parking is often someone else's lot.  For example, there are some schools in my area where the overflow parking is a nearby church.  The kids might park there every day and consider it school parking; but anyone else would consider it church parking.
For work I often have to drive throughout Metro Van and the Fraser Valley.  Our work supplied phones are on Telus and there's plenty of semi-rural areas where they are only good for 911 as it's only Rogers towers in the area.  Thankfully with my Freedom phone roaming on all of the Big 3 I don't lose a signal like the work phone.
So then is the an Assistant issue, or a Music issue?  Perhaps you're reporting it in the wrong spot.

In any case, time is not the sole determiner of whether an issue should be fixed.  Issues and new features are prioritized based on time to fix, costs, and impact to end users.
Yes
You completely missed what I said.  Of course I know that, my entire point was that a pipeline was already built, so the idea that it could never happen is already blown out of the water.
BC's HOV lanes are 2 people, I use them when my wife is in the car.
How am I wrong?  You haven't provided any logical arguments.

>Google is already working on someone else's product

Yeah, so what?  That's how the world works.  Harley Davidson didn't invent the motorcycle.  They also don't manufacture steel, rubber or chrome.  But if a shop specializes in modifying Harley's, Harley is their supplier.

You're free to take "someone else's project" and start your own coding from there.  If you instead start from Google's project, they are the supplier.

>also, Google can't be a supplier if he can't gain my loyalty

First, in this argument Google is Lineage's supplier.

Secondly, you are using an Android derived O/S, so they have your loyalty.

It really sounds like you need to go get an iPhone so you can be Google free.  Android is not the place for you to do it.
Competition?  When you modify someone's product they are not your competition, they are your supplier.

I think you're confusing the open source project with the failed Cyanogen OS.  They had crazy ideas about trying to take over Android from Google.  That went about as well as expected.
That's why I said greener instead of green; no car is actually anywhere near completely green.
My favourite true story is a guy I know who is very technical made a comment on Facebook that his blog stats showed that someone was arriving to his blog by Googling his full URL (www.firstlast.com) and then clicking on the top result.

His mother responded with "Umm, that's me sweety".
>but it's not dissimilar to the maintenance costs of an ICE car over the same time period.

Not really.  My car is coming up on 10 years old, and I've only recently done the first brake job and first set of new tires; which is something you'd have to do on an electric car too.  Other than oil changes and a recent purchase of a $50 battery from Costco, I've had no other maintenance.

A quick check shows that price was the US price and was a few years ago; the current Canadian price is supposed to be closer to $8,000 installed.  Multiple people report that their charger needed replacing right after getting the battery replaced.  I found multiple people bemoaning the fact that in the end they spent what the car was worth.

For a Tesla it looks like you can get a huge discount on the actual costs due to a promise from them to replace the battery in the US for only $12,000.

I'm sure it will come down, but it needs to be by a significant amount before I can consider it in my budget.
Yes, who knows; they could be half of what they are.

And you're still ignoring the cost of replacing the batteries at about the 8 year mark.

I too would like to get a greener car next time; but until I win the lottery I do have to seriously look at the economics.
Not apparently the person to whom I was responding.  Welcome to this conversation, try reading the whole thing.
You do realize this is not a new pipeline, but a twinning of an existing one.  If your arguments that it will never work were valid, then the first pipeline wouldn't exist.
Add in that the battery is going to need to be replaced, and now the gas savings aren't as much.

(Don't get me wrong, I'm interested in getter a greener car, but the economics can't be ignored.)
> So the $5k difference spread over a 5 year lease

Right there you lost me.  It's hard to listen to an argument that something makes good financial sense when it includes an individual leasing a car.

Sure, you're argument makes sense if you're leasing; because then you can avoid the battery change that is going to eat up your savings.  But there's no reason to be leasing the car for which you're substituting the electric car.
That's because they haven't sold a product.  Tax is collected by the seller or remitted by the purchaser.
>Why would they if they don't have to?

But they do... they collect the sales tax in every state that has a sales tax.
It has way more to do with getting the alumni to donate.
And you sound like an 10 year old.
"Ethics" and "legal requirement" are two different things.  You many not be intending it, but what you're saying is that lawyers aren't required to be ethical.
You quoted a source about being in a room, not a confined space.

It's about being high, not impaired.

Being in a confined space would be "extreme conditions".

Stop being so cavelier with the facts.
High doesn't matter.  Impaired is the issue.  And yes, someone can be impaired from the secondhand smoke in a confined space.
You've quoted a source about being in a room, not a small, confined space like a car.

I constantly got the munchies and my wife ended up sick in bed whenever the chronic smoker below use smoked all day, even though he and we had our windows closed.  Was I high?  I wouldn't define it that way.  Was I impaired, probably.  Would I have been impaired if I was in the same room as him?  Definitely.  Would I have been high and impaired if I was in a car with someone smoking half as much as him?  Also definitely.

And what I said applies to every type of smoke.  This is why many places have now made it illegal to smoke in the car when children are also in the vehicle.
I'm also in a profession with a governing body, and I'd lose my designation if I did unethical things.  Why is that not a problem for lawyers like that?
If you're in a small, largely enclosed space with someone smoking then you are smoking too.
I might be mistaken as I'm not American, but I was under the understanding that the handicap entrance requirements just applied to new buildings (and perhaps renos).
Yes, it was Yahoo providing those services.
I'm on the west coast, but at the time it was a Rogers area.  I don't know if they compare directly, but it was 1999 when speeds were upgraded to 8Mbps and the name change to @Home.
You've already acknowledged there is a way to submit edits, and have said you don't want to do it.  You've answered your own question.

Edit:  There is one way it can be done within the rules of Maps, have someone do the edit for you with them possessing enough knowledge to make the edit.  You telling them the name of the street is not enough.  Either you need to find a neighbour with a Google account, as the neighbour would have the required personal knowledge; or if there are street signs showing the road name that are visible in Street View than someone else can do the edit.  If the later is true, you can PM me the details if you want and I'll ensure it gets done.
>Yet they have hardly improved cable internet in decades.

What are you talking about?  "Decades" is a grand total of 2.  In the late 90's Roger's "Wave" was introduced with the blazing speeds of 4Mbit down and 400Kbit up.  Assuming you could keep the max connection speeds at all times, at those speeds it would take 60 hours to download a 4K movie.

Your connection has constantly improved, perhaps you didn't notice because the amount of data people consume has constantly risen.
That can't be right, it's wireless.   /s
It's how anyone at all acquires aerial imagery.  There's a slim chance that it also had Lidar on board, which is then combined with  the aerial data to create 3D, but that also needs oblique imagery (the 45 degree imagery).  If this flight included oblique imagery then it's only caught half of what's needed and another flight of north-south passes is still needed.  And even if it include obliques and will have a follow up flight, there is still only a slight chance that it included lidar; aerial photography is taken for many other reasons.
I have the same issue with my video card driver, but you don't have to roll back windows.  Find the device in Device Manager (important, it doesn't work if you find it a different way) and then roll back it's drivers; the older drivers will likely work with the new Windows.
Have you run the built in repair tool?  (Which is something they added fairly recently, so no, it's not dead.)
Sounds like a good way to fix it would be to push hard on the pedal that adds more fuel.
Exactly what signature, since he was using a pseudonym? 
I looked myself up in that database; it says my data was breached.

The thing is I'm not American and I entered a random SS number.

But they were happy let me know I could sign up for their monitoring service.
>A stop is momentary, while a stand is a stop and wait.

There is no such definition in the dictionary.

It is also not a standard legal term.  Most places sign those as "Loading and unloading only" or sometimes "Loading and unloading only, no stopping".
It is a standard thing.  The problem is, the standard is to call it a no stopping zone and to put up no stopping signs.  Even elsewhere in New York state they [follow the standard](https://www.google.com/maps/@43.046034,-76.1522879,3a,15y,251.94h,91.78t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sALDDaFkFSMw1Oafm8Y-Isw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656).
> True, but if you're going to drive in a state you technically should learn their driving laws or face consequences.

He did, [this](https://www.google.com/maps/@43.046034,-76.1522879,3a,15y,251.94h,91.78t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sALDDaFkFSMw1Oafm8Y-Isw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) is how it's done in New York state.  To expect someone to have to learn different signs for every single city is ridiculous. 
I'm with him.

A car doesn't "stand"; that's incorrect use of English.

Everywhere I've ever been those are properly called and signed as "No Stopping" zones.
That promotion usually is just at a single location for a day or weekend.  They are not pre-announced.  Someone observed that they are just at non-corporate stores and all owned by the same franchisee, though I have no idea if that is true.
And my point was that the $55 plan probably already included a phone, so really there was room for it to drop to $35 after the phone was paid off.  For them to now want $75 to get a phone included is just ridiculous.
Why would you sign a new contract when no phone is included?

Instead you continue month-to-month, but it's totally up to them if they want to keep giving you that rate; there's no arguing it as there's no obligation on their part to continue after the contract is done

FYI, I'm arguing this from the point of view of someone in that contract.  I bought a phone outright and have $30 line with Freedom.
Better to look at the Sold section.  Be sure to look at the shipping when you use this method in case the bids were low due to high shipping.  https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_sacat=0&_nkw=1967%20Uncirculated%20Royal%20Canadian%20Silver%20Mint%20Set&LH_Complete=1&LH_Sold=1&rt=nc&_trksid=p2045573.m1684
The $75 does not go back down to $55 after 2 years.

And the $55 probably included the cost of a phone.
As a non-American, can someone explain the funding of the National Guard to me?  I understand they are actually under the individual state's control (or actual dual control since they are automatically part of the federal militia); so does their pay and other funding come from the state or federal government?  Is it an "it depends on what they're doing" situation?
What does that app do that Google Calendar does not do?
My niece's husband is on such a bridge crew.  They hate doing such repairs; they'd much rather be working on a new bridge.  One got smacked like that 6 blocks from his house and he was on the crew that fixed it, he complained despite the short commute.
Again with the deflection.

Stop your whining.

I'm done, bye.
Good work at again ignoring all the facts that are against your argument.
You have to have your provider report it as stolen.

Notice the bold text at https://www.devicecheck.ca/check-status-device-canada/.
Again, I specifically did not say all doctors.

Whereas you specifically claimed that all doctors in Canada are employed by the health authority.  Turns out you have no idea about the majority, and then even for your father you admit that he's technically self employed.

It certainly is relevant when doctors are usually self employed, and they have a professional designation to protect.  I am 100% an employee in every sense of the word, and I too still pay annually for insurance to protect my professional designation.  That's something completely different than what is being proposed; employers are responsible for what employees do on the job.  If your father was actually not self employed then he could not be personally sued for something done on the job.  Since I'm an employee and can't be sued I only pay $40 for my insurance as opposed to the the uninsured people in my profession paying several thousand.
I'm not arrogant nor bullying, I'm pointing out that if you're going to supply a link then actually know what the link says.  This is the second link time you've supplied a link that you've ignored.  The fact that you don't read links is not helping your claim that you were never properly made aware of conditions.

But nice attempt to yet again deflect when you can't respond to things.

And again, it's not a Gmail ad; it was addressed to your email and would show up in any email program/interface.

You can post that picture all you want; as already pointed out just like no one would assume free doughnuts are for life they also should expect that waiving a monthly charge is for life.  NOT FOR LIFE!  is not a necessary thing in such ads.  If you disagree, make a formal complaint to the proper government division.
A view includes if it is one of the pictures visible when someone looks at the listing for the supermarket.  Factors in the number of views can include:

* how often people look at a particular listing
* how many photos the listing has (if not many, yours will show often or all the time)
* how many time people indicate it's a useful photo by clicking on it to enlarge it
Then why are you using your dad's and your experiences as the source for your answers when neither of your experiences represent the majority of Canada doctors?

Your dad falls under my original statement when I said "most" instead of "all".
It is not just a loophole.

Does your dad employ his own receptionist/medical clerk, or does he take whomever is assigned to him and just accept it if they rotate someone else into the position?

Does your dad choose and decorate his own office, or does he just work where assigned?

Does your dad choose his patients, or does he take whomever the employer assigns to him no matter what?

Does your dad set his own hours, or is he told when he will show up and leave?

>Source: my dad is a Canadian Doctor and I've worked as a researchers for canadian doctors for 8 years.

So you have no real life reference to understand how real jobs are so much different than doctors.

And interestingly, you say your employed by doctors, and yet you say they're not self employed??  How can they employ you then?

Doctors are very much self employed.
The US is only a small part of the world.

And as you mentioned, the doctors in US hospitals are often contractors, which I could see as they would much rather set up a corporation than get paid directly as that is a lot more beneficial when you are high income.  Is that not the same for practices also?
I'm in Canada.  For tax purposes doctors create a corporation that gets paid instead of them.  You can't do that when you're an employee, only when you're self employed.  Doctors in Canada are self employed and bill the regional health authority.
There are way more doctors working as GPs and specialist than there are ones employed by hospitals.
It's not called GSP, it's called Gmail Ads (read your own link).

And it's an ad shown in the Gmail platform, something completely different than a promotional email from Google sent to all addresses and which you can read in any platform.

>So you're right, I don't remember Google ever sending me an image only email, but they sure as hell showed me a GSP image only ad 

Oh, so you understand that there a difference.  Then what is your point?  All I got from that is that you just acknowledged that Google does not send image only emails, but you are selectively posting only the image.
Doctors are usually self employed; there's no equivalency here.

Where I live cops normally do have degrees before they'll get an interview.  But they're also paid well.  In much of the US being a cop is a low paying job, so you don't want someone with a degree who might use that degree to get a better job and leave.
>>No one has testified to that. Everyone here is clear that they had plenty of warning.

>What about this guy?

Someone from 2 years ago talking about a different reward than you're talking about here?

>Here's another redditor that didn't know.

He says that he expected that he would be able contribute more to renew it.  That isn't proof he wasn't informed, rather it shows he didn't read at all and instead made assumptions.

>It's pilling up.

No, it's not, you don't have a single person so far.  What's happened is that you've told me I'm ignoring something that you hadn't even referenced, and when called on it you could only find inappropriate examples.

>>You have not pointed to a press release.

>Then what's this?

Not a press release.

Additionally, right at the bottom it says to click to go get the full details!  You keep stating no such references were in place, and then you show us they were.

I also know that Google does not send out emails that are pictures only.  But you keep showing the picture only as your other proof.  Since you ignored the reference in your one source and only gave us part of your other source, I'll call bulshit there too.

I also notice that you conveniently ignored the rest of my post.  Seem picking and choosing of what is written isn't a new thing for you.
I could see a situation where a franchisee says "You may be willing to slow growth with these new plans in exchange for more return per customer; but we can't survive with slower growth!  You need to give us something to compensate for the fact that we're signing up fewer customers with this new pricing."
When you think about it, how can a non-corporate store offer contracts between you and Freedom?

They can offer what they are authorized by Freecom to offer.
If you're looking for patterns, what someone observed (and I have no idea if he's right) is that the in store discounts are at non-corporate stores that are all owned by a single franchisee.
I personally wouldn't count on f&f every returning.  If you think about it:

* it was offered once to Wind employees
* when Shaw bought them, it was offered once to all employees

Now Shaw's focus has been working on heavily trimming it's workforce.
Yeah, he's right, whiny.

You sure conveniently didn't notice the many times you were told 2 years.

You have not pointed to a press release.  Stories in the press are not under Google's control.

To have put in "hours" of work based on a four words in an ad; I call bullshit on that one.  A few words in an ad is what would lead you to research what exactly they were offering.

>you ignore testimonies of LGs that say they were notified only after unlocking the benefit

No one has testified to that.  Everyone here is clear that they had plenty of warning.

You were offered something that normally comes with a monthly charge for free.  To assume that it was free for life is a bit of a stretch.

Let's equate this to something else.  The storage has a set monthly charge; something else with a set charge is a doughnut.

If someone advertised "Free doughnuts when you donate to the food bank", you donate, and you get 2 dozen doughnuts as a thank you; to then state "You didn't specify that the doughnuts weren't free for life, that's false advertising!" would be laughable.

But if you an look at that equivalent and not see that "Free months will not continue for your entire lifetime" wasn't necessary in the ads, then file a complaint with the appropriate government body.



Then I don't know what to tell you.  People who have been with Freedom/Wind for a long time feel you won't be able to get that plan much longer, but you disagree.  That doesn't sound like you're really here for advice as to when to jump onto Freedom.

Add to it that you agree it's the best priced plan they ever offered, but the price is not good enough.  What we can tell you is that since Shaw took over the plans have gotten worse and more expensive, which is why people desperately try to get that plan.

Exactly what are you seeking from us?  Jumping on now to get the best price plan ever before it goes away is about the best advice we can offer.  But that doesn't seem to be what you seek.
Why would success a month ago mean that you can still do the same a few months from now?
The Promo 50 Everywhere is no longer in market, it would take some work to get it but I've heard of recent success stories.  I've also heard of recent failures.  If you want that plan, the time to jump is now.
I was travelling home on the I-5 north of Seattle at night going way over the limit of 55 (at the time) when the car behind me lit up it's red and blues.

I pulled over and the cop came up to tell me he'd clocked me doing 70.  I told him the km to miles conversion confused me, and hoped he didn't lean in enough to see the MPH indications on the inside of my speedometer.  Once he left me dad said from the passenger seat "I didn't think you were going 70" and I confirmed that his suspicion was right, I'd been going 75+.

Cop was at his car for a bit, which is normal when they have to check foreign licenses, insurance and plates.  He came back to hand me all my paperwork and tell me the conversion which he'd had the dispatcher look up for him.  I didn't even get a warning ticket.
By the way, unless you store ridiculous amounts of email or files; it will be your photos taking up your 15GB.  Go in and change the Google Photos settings to allow them to compress anything under 16MP; if you do that you get unlimited photo storage and will clear up a lot of space.
The email you were sent offering the upgrade clearly stated the conditions.

When you completed the upgrade the conditions were clearly stated.

I'm not a lawyer, but you were told.
That's your argument to counter that most of the world disagrees with your stance?
Glad you said that.  My reaction was "But you have to ask your provider to send your request to a specific site, and then they provide the link back from that site to you.  Of course they know where you went and what you did when they are providing each connection for you."
>I just figured easter would be a cool doodle opportunity.

It was, and they did it.

The thing about Easter is that it keeps coming back every year.

You'll notice that most of doodles Google does are for annual events, but most are just one one year only.
You haven't even reached the soles of my shoes yet.

If you have a point, it's lost in your crap.
Nope, since that's not the comment I responded to.

You also said his source wasn't reliable, so don't now say you're using it.

In general you're just spewing garbage.
Wow, for someone trying to highlight something, spewing garbage is no the way to do it.
That's not how most of the world does it.

And considering were a northern country, there's a hell of a lot of Canadian that have homes in the US, Mexico, the Caribbean, etc. that wouldn't want to see that as the world norm.
I assumed nothing, I merely described what occurs where I live.
Wow, that's shitty; where I live as soon as you start doing anything you employer requires you to do then you are on the clock.
> as companies never give you two weeks that you're being laid off.

That really depends where you live.  Where I am they have to either give you notice or pay severance, with two weeks being the minimum and it increasing the longer you've been employed.
Much easier to refuse to make them in the first place.
Please read the story, it explains.
US taxes paying for abortions?  I don't think you have any bias on this claim. 
Air going through the zipper is not going through the cloth, and is reducing the pressure that forces the air through the cloth.
No one is going to finance you for only 2-3% on a used car; that is not the going rate for loans and in fact is below prime.  You only hear about such rates for new cars because the manufacturer is contributing to that loan to get you that rate.

Dealers and your bank/credit union will be were to find the best rate; with the dealers actually using banks to provide you the loans but they might have a good rate negotiated if the bring in a lot of business.  Other companies that offer loans do so to people that can't get a bank loan and thus they can charge higher interest rates. 
>Can you point me the direction of learning how to build a custom route in Google Maps, please?

Simply create a route between two points in Maps, and then use the Add Destination option right below where you input the destination to add additional stops along the route.  Should you wish to reorder them you can drag and drop places within the list.
Activist "released" it and it's mate from the Vancouver Zoo years ago.  The other one didn't make it.  I've talked to other's up there that have seen it; the zoo has come out and tried to find it.  You could report it to them.

http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/have-you-seen-this-monkey-asks-vancouver-zoo-1.707236
Yes, he seems to ignore that fact.
I have never in my life had to make a down payment on a car.  And for all my auto loans the car itself is the collateral.
Maps has built in custom route building; why would they add a second way to do it?  Just to confuse people?
Unless it's some weird hybrid, a sales contract and a rental contract are two different things.

Edit:  It appears that Ontario does have hybrid contracts to deal with the fact that they have these rental contracts that are not present in most other places.  https://www.thestar.com/business/personal_finance/2013/12/06/be_clear_about_rental_items_in_real_estate_contracts.html
> Not every line has a monitor on it that reports issues, only the major feeders into substations have the monitoring, and not the lines that connect most users.

Your statement is making just as many assumptions as his did.

Where I live every single line is monitored.  Every meter was replaced with a smart meter; I can log into the utility companies website and get info such as my daily usage.  When the power goes down I can grab my cell phone and lock at their outage map to find out how many customers are affected within minutes of the outage.
Did you read the story?  No contract was included, and when asked the developer also didn't have a copy.
I'm sorry, but how is any of this relevant to the conversation?  Like most people you had time to get rid of your N before being full time employed 9-5.  The time you were taking off was for a different purpose, and as I understand it was a job requirement and thus legally you should have been on the clock.
And how old were you when you started working those hours at that job?  How much driving experience did you already have?
>You are honestly just so ignorant, that I'm not going to bother to continue with you.

And yet you then spew on and on... you needed to go back and delete this sentence.

>Only an ignorant ass hole would come in here with your logic like age=intelligence/experience.

Age does correlate to experience, sorry if you are incapable of understanding that.

I never said it correlated to intelligence, sorry if your also not capable of actually reading what was written.  What I did give you was the option of claiming inexperience because the other option was just plain stupidity, if you want to go with the stupidity defence of your statements then you're free to do so.

>32 isn't young

It is when we're specifically talking about having much experience with the drivers produced by the old system versus the new one.

It's also young enough for you to forget that this was all put in place when driver's licensing was part of money losing part of government; so to claim it's an ICBC money grab shows either lack of knowledge of what happened due to your age at the time or stupidity, you choose.

As for ignorant statements, no, that was you when you said it was a money grab.

To tie it all up, you've been given multiple times to support your statements, and all you do is scream (yes, that's what you doing, to detract from a lack of being able to support your statement) that I'm ignorant and an asshole.  Your argument that your not doing that was to do it again!  The ridiculousness and irony is so thick.
Especially in a 9 to 5 job, they tend to be more forgiving and understanding for such situations.
>You were wrong at the start assuming I'm young

32 is young in this context.

Another indicator that you're young, you just have said "Your wrong!" without discussing actual costs like wages such as I did.  Tell me, what does a plumber cost per hour?  What does a notary charge for a couple of hours of time spent on something?  Have you ever actually had a management position where you cost out something?  If you have actual facts to show it's overpriced, such as comparing it to what other professional services cost, then go ahead and bring them up.  But screaming that everyone is stupid unless they agree with your unsupported statements shows a lack of worldly experience.

(PS, I'm being kind and blaming it on lack of experience, if you want to argue that you are old enough to know all this stuff then you're just showing stupidity.. take the young and inexperienced option.)
And he probably doesn't realize that the tests were put in place before driving testing was part of ICBC; when it was it's own government division that lost money despite the fees collected.
No, it's not.   I know people, and am related to one, who passed the first test but have failed the second one multiple times.

I can tell you're young, you weren't around when there was a huge problem with young drivers and thus this system was put in place.  It definitely cut down on those issues; though now we're faced with just overall poorer driving by everyone.

And if you think $75 does anything more than pay the wages and costs involved you're showing your age even more.  Once you've actually paid for various things on your own you'll realize the true cost of things.
You can't use data, but they removed the restriction on calls and texts for those situations.
You don't need to travel.  I live on the border; I connect to US towers whenever I go into the back half of my local Costco.  If I have to drive 15 minutes north as part of my job I end up roaming on the Big 3.  And if I'm downtown in big concrete buildings where I can't get a signal I roam on the Big 3.
Don't forget that they've never been able to get him to give up his cell phone in favour of the locked down, untraceable (and social media lacking) one they normally give the President.
There is no set timetable for dementia.

Also remember that dementia can be caused by multiple things.  I had one grandparent who had dementia due to Alzheimer's.  It took over 30 years to progress from memory issues to causing her death.  Two other grandparents had dementia and it was probably Alzheimer's caused but never diagnosed, one had it for about 20 years and the other for about 8 years.  My father had dementia caused by a stroke and associated brain bleeds, he went from normal to not remember half his life in 4 months and then died 2 years later.
You really need to learn what logic means and how to use it.

I'll break down your issue for you here; finding one bad instance of something does not show that every instance is bad.

If you want to argue that fact you need to drop your example and address that statement.

Warning, it's one of the basic concepts of logical thinking and has been proven over and over again; you might not want to waste your time.

And if no teachers at all signed the new contract?
> one-year contracts and striking being illegal

Those actually seem to serve opposite puroses.

Illegal to strike?  That's fine, the contract is about to expire, just don't sign a new one.
A pension fund beng poorly funded or managed does not mean that pensions don't make sense; that's just bad logic.
The media sensationalizes whenever something bad happens there.  I don't know where you are from, but the crime rate is lower than Canadian cities and much lower than American cities.

Think of it this way, has there been zero murders in the city you live in (or the closest big city if you aren't in one)?  Do those murders mean no one should visit your city?
Unless he installed a new build within the past few days, it would keep working if he reset it.
When did I say that?
Am I serious that it works in almost every other western country?

Yes, I am serious because it does.
There isn't just the two choices.

Most of the western world has judges, prosecutors, heads of law enforcement, etc. promoted from within or hired (in the same competition) from qualified external candidates, with no one who is elected involved in the decision making.  Judges are expected to be completely impartial, and can be removed if they aren't.

That's where your system suffers; directly elected or appointed by someone who was elected both have the same issues behind it.
You're missing the point.

In the US, if you have a capital loss larger than your capital gain you can deduct the excess loss from other income.

The argument that gambling just another form of income and thus should be taxed like one is spoiled when it's not treated the same as other sources of income.


Yes, and TFSA is limited to $5,500 a year in contributions.

RRSPs are another equivalent, and it's limit is based on income, of which she'll have very little.
But a Canadian female of her age has about 70 more years to live.
> Inflation doesn't work that fast.

Yes, it does.  It's like your mortgage or savings; it compounds.

Let's say she lives another 50 years.  Using historical data in the [Bank of Canada's Inflation Calculator](https://www.bankofcanada.ca/rates/related/inflation-calculator/), $139.02 in 1968 is now worth $1000.

So if inflation continues on average as it has in the past and she lives another 50 years, she'll have an income of the equivalent of $139 a week in today's dollars.  There's no point in equating that to an income that is taxed; at that level of income she wouldn't be taxed.

And chances are that a Canadian female that age is actually going to live closer to 70 more years, in which case her income will be about $86 a week in today's dollars.
That's not the whole story.

If you win $60 million, you get a cheque for $60 million.

No taxes, but also no paying it out $3 million a year for 20 years like the US lotteries.

They're grand prizes get higher largely because they don't actually have to pay that out.  They can take a similar prize amount and make it sound much bigger by have a little disclaimer at the bottom.
If I earn $1200 working at McDonald's, can I then deduct $1000 in gambling losses from that?
That's only if you won something to start.  From what I understand you cannot deduct it from the rest of your income; so it's not really right to say it's the equivalent to other income.
The lottery is run by the government.  They already kept half of what is spent for themselves; why should they also get a portion of the half that went towards winners?
The point was that it has nothing to do with their ideology.
Of course you intended to do it right.

But you didn't.

And you argued it like crazy.  People who realize they messed up just say so, they don't try to continue to insult people.  Afraid I'm just not buying that you clued in before now.

Sorry, insults from an idiot still don't hurt my feelings.
No, I don't, as I don't even know what that means.  You've identified another way you apparently are not clued in; you're using local colloquialisms on a worldwide site.

And if you're trying to insult me, it just doesn't work when it comes from the person in the thread who has no idea what is going on..

I'll explain it slowly....

* You are so proud that you've learned to recognize a strawman argument.
* Person A made one.
* Person B questioned what was meant
* Person C explained what Person A was trying to say
* You lectured person C for creating a strawman

But he didn't; you've got the wrong person.  And when told that twice, you didn't stop long enough to look and realize that you should stop shoving your foot in your mouth.

Sorry, but idiots who think they're always right even when they clearly aren't really can't manage to upset with insults; as they're still wrong.
Again, it wasn't him.  Try to clue in.
The person does not have to leave the review on the same day as they visited; the fact that your receptionist reports not visitors that day does not really mean anything.  This person might have just sat down to do reviews of the places they've visited over the past few months all at one time.
The US Congress just passed a law to crack down on online sex trafficking.  Craigslist also had to react; they deleted the personals sections in the US last week.
That would be what the manual review is for; items that the algorithms have flagged as suspected but for which they are not definite.
He didn't create a straw man, he explained a previous post.  Please don't lecture people when you don't even understand what is occurring.
Every transit authority is different.  You can try to approach your local authority to see if they are aware of the missing route and if they will submit it to Google.
Yes, we have civil forfeiture, but my point being it's not "seize your cash because reasons".  It's largely used just for very clear "proceeds of crime" instances and requires a judge to agree before the seizure happens.
That's not how it works in Canada, you're thinking of the US's love of civil forfeiture.
Google gets it's transit information via your local transit authority's participation in the [Google Transit Partner Program](https://maps.google.com/help/maps/mapcontent/transit/).  If there is a route missing then they would need to add it.
I've been in multiple European and Mexican hotels with drains in the middle; often in such rooms there is not a full shower wall nor curtain and showering soaks half the room.  Perhaps people used to that are not closing the shower up properly?
You can bring as much as you want; you just have to declare it should it be more that $10,000.
Google has been removing the 3D from many cities as it does backend work, and recently started republishing some of them with much higher resolution 3D.
It's not the metadata that's used in identifying music, but rather hash values.

There are numerous tools you can use that will use the hash values to identify each MP3 in your collection and update the meta data to a standard format.
If smoking a cigarette at the pump is permitted, people will be lighting them also.
> IIRC, they had enough time that their sell orders could be processed before they broke the news

The Facebook breach was quite some time ago.  They had to know it was going to come out eventually.
Things like that were only handed out in the beginning when there were a lot less LGs, and even then just to certain individuals.  I don't think anyone that has one would be willing to part with it.
There isn't 12 million Canadians that are not covered; rather there are 12 million not covered by this type of plan.  There are other types of coverage, such as welfare coverage, Pharmacare, etc.

But yes, ultimately everyone should be covered.

I was dating a UBC student years ago when that plan first was put in, I remember it being a decent plan at the time.  I now have a government job with petty good plan, and I just looked up the current UBC plan.  UBC's plan exceeds mine in a number of places.  A basic overview of the plan is:

* 80% prescription coverage
* no deductible
* up to 90% dental coverage
* $5,000,000 per accident travel coverage
* eye exams and glasses are completely covered if you go to certain vendors

He did say that she wasn't qualified as a hand bag designer
That is still money you received without earning it.  What if you immediately took it back to the store and returned it, are the monies received not then a gift?  What if I return it and buy a different size/colour with the funds?  The refund doesn't seem to be income from what I can see, and if so I see no difference in selling it on Craigslist.  Would you like to point out the tax laws that say otherwise?
The jobs to which you refer comprise just [6.6%](https://www.statcan.gc.ca/tables-tableaux/sum-som/l01/cst01/labor10b-eng.htm) of the workforce.  Of that 6.6%, many [baristas](https://www.starbucks.ca/careers/working-at-starbucks), [servers](https://www.workopolis.com/jobsearch/job/18025282?uc=E8&sc=8.2446&sp=6), and even [fast food workers](https://www.mcdonalds.com/ca/en-ca/careers/training-and-benefits.html) get group benefits.

Considering that the most common way to get extended coverage is through your employer and that [24 million Canadians](https://www.clhia.ca/domino/html/clhia/CLHIA_LP4W_LND_Webstation.nsf/resources/Factbook_2/$file/2016+CLHIA+Factbook+ENG.pdf) have extended coverage; it's pretty safe to say that most jobs provide extended group coverage.
That is a mere fraction of the sales on Craigslist.

And if you were gifted an item and sold it for $150, then in the end you were gifted $150.  Gifts are non-taxable.
That's a different question that you're using to avoid answering the question asked.
No one ever said that it should be done that way. Most of the western world appoints such positions, but not by elected people.
I used to work in the local lettuce co-op just out of high school decades ago.  The farmers had just all switched over to Salinas lettuce, which is a variety of head lettuce that has a lot less taste but much more shelf life.  It's the dominant variety you get in the store.

My job was largely to load and unload pallets of lettuce into a vacuum tube.  Lettuce is picked and boxed right in the field, and if it goes straight from the field into the cooler it has a shelf life of about 5 to 7 days.  If we first cooled it down right to the core to a few degrees above freezing in the vacuum tube and then put it in the cooler the shelf life was extended to 2 to 3 weeks.

The important thing is to note that cooling it immediately still only produced the 5 to 7 day shelf life.  What that means is that if during any part of the life of the product; whether it be transporting to the grocer, warehousing by the grocer, transporting to the store, storage at the store, or with the consumer; should the lettuce warm back up even immediate cooling is going to put it back on that 5 to 7 day cycle.  Since almost all lettuce is the Salinas variety and since it is almost all vacuum cooled, if you're seeing week shelf life then there's an issue somewhere it the chain from the vacuum tube to your fridge.  As an example, the biggest grocer in my area displays lettuce on uncooled end cap displays, I refuse to buy from them.
If you sell something, income is the difference between what you paid for it plus all other expenses, and the money you get from the sale.

So if I buy something new for $200 and then manage to recover $40 selling it on Craiglist when I'm done with it, I've made zero income.  Instead I've split the cost of $200 with another person.

There thus are not many people making income from craigslist and eBay; the ones that are truly are businesses and know they should be reporting it.  Just as everyone that makes tips knows they are supposed to report it.  My father always reported his tips; if you don't you can expect them to eventually catch up with you.
>How does a private citizen in the US (not a zoo worker or something) obtain a dog to feed to a turtle?

Exactly what country do you live in that you can't buy/adopt/gift a dog without being a zoo worker?
They've had tens of thousands of years to do that but didn't; when it happens in a few years or decades it's not natural.

Move the map after a search, you will see a button to press at the top of the map that says "Search this area".
What root problems do you speak about?

If you're talking about the way "US elections are screwed up", then of course removing election of those positions does remove the root problem with regard to those positions.
As people have mentioned, MSP covers doctors visits, hospital visits, specialists, tests ordered by such people, etc.  It doesn't, however, cover meds.

It's not like private insurance where they are trying to maximize profits; everyone who meets the residency requirements is accepted, there is no worry about "pre-existing conditions". 

You should get some bridging insurance to cover you until MSP kicks in.  Check how much your home country insurance (if that exists) will cover you.

Meds and other things that are not covered such as dental can be covered by what is called "extended coverage".  Many (most?) jobs have extended group coverage, and it is now very common for post-secondary schools to have mandatory extended group coverage for their students (mandatory in that you cannot opt out unless you can prove you are covered via some other way; such as most people's extended coverage plans also cover their children who are 18-25 and attending post secondary).  Check with your school as to whether they have such a plan.  While trying to buy extended coverage through an insurance broker might raise issues of pre-existing conditions (though not normally for ones that just require some reasonably priced meds), group coverage doesn't normally have any pre-existing condition exclusions.  Your school should also be able to help you with MSP requirements and application.
He means judges appoint judges; it's just like any other job where if you do a good job you get promotions.

Similarly, the DA is a promotion from within the ranks of the attorneys working for the DA (though of course it could be an outside hire).

Pretty well every company out there manages to find and promote the correct people to run the company, and in most western companies the same system is used for the judiciary also.
Most of the world gets by fine without electing such positions; it's kind of a uniquely US thing that you elect such positions, and it's accompanied by constant complaints of the corruption it causes.

How is electable better than best man for the job?
You're arguing two points of view, you need to pick one.

How do you know that appointing DAs and judges (which, btw, in most counties is not usually done by politicians as that just brings the same politician considerations into the mix) is not going to help if you've only had another system that "was in place before our birth"?
Google isn't storing 100,000 copies of the same song.  When you upload it, they will determine if they already have that exact copy of the song already in their library (which they will 99% of the time), and if so they'll simply add it to your personal library.  I explain this so you understand that they don't need to compress your music to store it, most of the time they are just noting that you've proved you own a copy of it.

It's safe to delete them, you can download them again later.
Sorry, but the more prominent lines that my eyes automatically followed the first 2 times put you in the wrong.  Those lines might have been wrong, but you can't fault someone for following them.
That's right, it definitely has to be his fault.  /s
As you move the map, in the browser the display will update.  On mobile it will update when you press a link it presents.
You are correct, but the one thing to consider is that Trump hates the owner of Amazon; so I could see him going after Amazon in particular and using it as proof he's for the average worker.
But the S9(+) is a phone they are selling.

The OP is asking about unlocked phones that Freedom doesn't carry, and gives the examples of PH-1 and OnePlus 5T.
On a model they never have sold?
Exactly what I was going to say, you can tell right away as one has capital letters in the name and the other doesn't.  They also have different categories.  Please do flag one as a duplicates so Google can combine them.
I think you've hit on an important point; in that the article headline is acting as if this a change in the trend when it was already happening a year ago.  We already know that for Vancouver proper the SFD market cooled down in 2017 compared to 2016; if you're going to report a trend as "news" then it should be a new trend.
>Rather than an exact figure.

Again, no appraisal or other value analysis is exact.. they are all estimates.  Including any you make in your job.

>Acceptable range.

See the above, this again applies to all appraisals.

>So we agree, BC Assessments are not appropriate for valuing individual properties marketability and value?

Both /u/burgoo and myself have said they are not current values from the beginning; your argument was that they were inappropriate values for any purpose.

>I know what you do for a living

No, you very clearly did not.  Until now you did not "know what you are getting".

>and I know how relevant it is when you are trying to consummate a transaction

Again, we were clearly talking about something else.

>I don't fault what or how you do your job.

Until you found out I knew what I was talking about, you were very clear that you thought that BC Assessment values had no relevancy at all.

>I just don't think it's relevant when you are buying or selling. The way I'm imaging you do.

You've got a strong imagination.  I think you need to slow down and re-read what people have said before you argue that their positions are incorrect.  Burgoo and myself were explicitly clear that it was an indicator of **past** values.
It something owners do if you think about it.

In my condo building everyone has at least one parking spot.  Most units have two, but the original purchasers paid extra for that extra spot.  It might not have been said outright, for example it's normally the bigger units that get the extra spot; but the bigger units cost more and a smart buyer, whether buying brand new or second hand, considers not just if there's enough room in the condo for his or her family and lifestyle, but also whether there's enough parking for their car(s).

So if you pay extra for one versus two spots, why not zero versus 1.  In big cities people often don't have cars, so why pay extra for an empty spot?
Your arguments about costs are arguments for not building the system at all.  Of course it's going to cost, the question is whether they are willing to find the money to make the system even better.  When I was younger they didn't have B lines because it was cost prohibitive to run diesels down the streets with trolley lines, but someone finally decided to spend the extra money to move people more efficiently.  Unfortunately Skytrain is not the same, you can't just make the changes later, you have to have forethought and the willingness to spend the money now.

What I'm trying to say is I don't think the fact they aren't doing it indicates that it's not worth the costs, but rather they've shown they don't like to spend the money they should at the beginning.  Look at the huge costs they've had when adding switches to connect new lines; they should be building these tracks with the switches in place right from the beginning even if they don't lead anywhere for 10 years.

There are plenty of places in the world with express trains that pass ones that make every stop; it's not confusing, you just have signs and announcements in the station stating "This train is an express".  Vancouverites can figure it just like the rest of the world as evidenced by the fact that B lines don't cause mass confusion.
Your assessment is a report of approximately it would have sold for on July 1 of last year; so no, it should not match any current valuations unless the market is completely flat over a long term.

Asking price also means nothing, you shouldn't be comparing that to anything when it's not the final price.  It will vary depending on the type of market; in a slow market it often means "Offer me 95% of this and we have a deal" whereas in a hot market it means "Bidding starts at...."

Condos is where assessments have the most issues; renos make such a big difference in the value of a condo but are unknown unless there was a recent sale or the rare inspection.
My entire job is valuation, I work for BC Assessment.  But we're an organization of professional appraisers with industry designations, if our values were for one purpose and not another we'd come right out and tell you.

Now it is mass appraisal, so rather than an exact figure the value needs to be within an acceptable range of the value.  But then no appraisal is going to be an exact value.  The calculated values for a particular style of house in a particular neighbourhood are checked by calculating the ASR, which is the Assessment to Sale ratio.  In other words, the work is checked and fixed if errors are found.

The value can be appealed, and BC Assessment has one of the lowest appeal rates in the world.

Where you are going to see the biggest errors is when there is aspects of the property that were unknown, such as building built without a permit.  A lot of time is spent every year re-inventorying properties to catch such changes.  Right now 50% of my time is spent on one such re-inventory project.

The fact that you have no idea how BC Assessment works, as evidence both by your incorrect statements and then you telling me that there's a number of problems with my statement about how my own job works, tells me not to trust you evaluation of the assessments.  You have to understand how the numbers actually work to evaluate them; the fact that you didn't know the valuation date nor how often they come out tells me to ignore you analysis of the values.

TLDR: Yes, you probably do have problems with the values, not because their bad but because you don't understand them.
I've always thought that rather than "only a few stops", they should take advantage of the fact that it's all computer controlled to make express trains.

When building they should make a third "bypass" track at stations, and then express trains could bypass those stations while regular trains are making their regular stops, thereby passing those trains.  Sort of like the B lines, but with even greater efficiency due to being driverless.  And just like the B line you could get on a train that stops at every station, but then get off at the first station that also has the express trains stop and transfer to it.

This would let you have express trains, but also have frequent stops to allow the building of high density housing and services all along the line.  
>BC Assessment will come along every couple years and do a proper analysis

The valuation is annual.

>but you never know what you are getting

Yes, you do.  It's a report of the likely price the property would have sold for as of July 1 of the previous year.

/u/burgoo was completely correct in stating that it's a lagging (due to the July 1 valuation date) indicator of value.  He is also correct that if an area's assessments are down, that then indicates that on average properties in that area sold for less in mid 2017 than they did in mid 2016.
I often have to make 40 to 60 stops in a day; I use the below website.  Before bookmarking you can change the lat and long in the URL so it focuses on the place where you start your trip each day.  Start by clicking where you want to start the day, and then scroll around and click to add each stop; or better yet use the Bulk Add Address function to simply paste in the addresses you need to visit and then let it calculate the most efficient route.

After it figures out the route for me, I use the export function and select Optimal Address Order to get a list in the order I should visit them.  At each stop I just then say "Ok Google, navigate to... " and give the next address on my list.

http://gebweb.net/optimap/index.php?center=(37.422065,-122.084176)&zoom=19
Which still leaves it that blocking sites would be the legal recourse in Canada.
The recommendation to fire that person is coming from the FBI's own internal committee.
People don't complain about good service.

Service is excellent where I live.
You're missing my point.  I was responding to a comment that acted as if nothing was being done about NK.
Your numbers are not reflective of what is actually produced.
Fun fact, it's the same in the US; people just believe what they watch on TV.
While it did used to be 4 hours minimum, they changed it over 10 years ago; it's just [2 hours](http://www.bclaws.ca/Recon/document/ID/freeside/00_96113_01#section34) for a regular shift.
So you want NK to have sanctions applied to it?  Perhaps even break off relations and send their ambassador home?
You're referring to a specific area.

Canada is big.
Smallest of what?  There are tons of types of farming using less land than greenhouses.

And what does efficiency of land use have to do with it?  You're not actually using the land.  What is the point of the ALR protecting fertile land if you can build concrete pads many acres in size.

And as I visit farms for a living, I can tell you that your perception that greenhouses are using much space is incorrect.
>there is a massive greenhouse industry 
>
>the tiny portion of the ALR they operate on

You need to pick a side of your argument.
Speeding is in no way punished to the same level as that list.  You won't get banned from travel to other countries for speeding.  You won't get banned from practicing your profession (as long as the profession isn't driving).  Even DUI doesn't have that level of punishment.  That's my entire point, that list of punishments doesn't seem to fit a non-criminal offense.

Coaching skiing would fall into that few specific professions.  Working with children/vulnerable adults or needing a security clearance are the only professions where I've ever heard of checks being performed up here.
The price of ALR land wouldn't be that high if you couldn't do anything with it but farm and build a small house with a small homestead.  Your argument is really kind of moot; it's not that they can't make a reasonable living off the land when you consider the price so we should let them do whatever they want with it; but rather letting them do things that never should have been allowed is what has driven the prices up to the point where farming becomes unsustainable.
Most of the greenhouses, though, are concrete floored.  Building them on fertile ALR land is not more preserving farmland than building mansions; they should be built on land that doesn't have much other functional use.
DUI is a criminal offence.

I've given examples of how a criminal record is not a big issue, simply saying it is a big issue is not a counter argument.  In what ways is it a big issue?  How often have you had a criminal record check?  Other than a few specific professions, please give examples of when criminal record checks are used in Canada.
The lack of one item doesn't make the list any less extreme.  And the list is not complete.

Heard of criminal record check.. .yes.  I've even had one of sorts since I had to get a secret level security clearance.  But I'm a rarity, we don't do such checks the way Americans do, and as I understand it neither do most countries.  My current government job might have several people with criminal records; no one would know unless they mentioned it.  A criminal record is not a big issue.
You're not quite catching my point.

What other administrative offences do you know of that include such severe and unrelated punishments?

That list seems more like the list of punishments for a criminal offense than anything else.  With that list and the fact, as you say, that it's still recorded; really what difference does it make whether it's technically a criminal offense or not?
Yes, and when we string them together they gain greater meaning.  Since it's beyond you, I'm done, bye.
Since I was clearly talking about the language we use, I'm not quite sure you realize who the stupid one here is.....
Right, and I'll get a fine.

But being banned from travelling or from practising my profession seems to be a "record".
I don't see how the penalties handed out for drug possession in Portugal could be considered "Decriminalized".  They include:


> * Fines, ranging from €25 to €150. These figures are based on the Portuguese minimum wage of about €485 (Banco de Portugal, 2001) and translate into hours of work lost.
> * Suspension of the right to practice if the user has a licensed profession (e.g. medical doctor, taxi driver) and may endanger another person or someone's possessions.
> * Ban on visiting certain places (e.g. specific clubbing venues).
> * Ban on associating with specific other persons.
> * Foreign travel ban.
> * Requirement to report periodically to the committee.
> * Withdrawal of the right to carry a gun.
> * Confiscation of personal possessions.
> * Cessation of subsidies or allowances that a person receives from a public agency.

Source: Wikipedia
That's soft drugs only.

As you were posting that, another thread just pointed me to this informative article.  https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2018-03-05/steel-history-shows-how-america-lost-ground-to-europe
As pointed out in another thread, buying everything at Costco (several people are sure it's the Kirkland frozen patty) would be $1 less than what they are selling them.
>That it happened even once

You're going back and forth here, is this a science or an art?  Can I judge from what I see or not?

Or are you just going to continue to answer whatever way is convenient for your argument at the moment?
The US uses more steel that it produces; thus this will not increase their market share but just decrease competition.


Must be an out east thing... Teksavvy's price in my area always matches Shaw's price.
I can do math; but apparently you can't read since I talked about language, not math.
So basically, you don't currently work in Canada and thus can't actually speak as to how things currently are here, and your speak about how it's an art rather than a science shows that you seeing something happening once cannot be cited as an example of how things always work.
We are aware of it, but we don't specify it.  We consider those items free to use, because we pay our taxes.  When we think of using any of them, at that moment we think "it's free".  It's no different with universal health care, because we pay our taxes when it comes time to use it we consider it free.

But if you want to get fussy about it, the US pays out twice as much taxes per capita as Canada for healthcare, and then after the US citizen gets a bill while the Canadian does not.  Levies are not what tell you the true costs.  If your American and you want to think about the tax dollar contribution, think about how much your taxes are contributing towards that most definitely not free service.
No.  That's not the way we use language, please stop trying to push such a narrative to try to make it sound in some way bad.

We consider driving on a public road to be free, we don't specify "tax-payer funded roads".

We consider using police services free, we don't specify "tax-payer funded policing".

We consider going to the park to be free, we don't specify "tax-payer funded open space".

It's no different when you have universal health care; it's free.
>Again - not if it's an IV-delivered drug, like the example I noted.

You didn't cite an example, you were pretty damn vague and just said it happens.  "I've legit been.." isn't even proper English and is not something I'd expect from a medical professional.

And I don't know what province you are in, but whenever that happens in my province it usually hits the news.  The results always end up being that after a week or so of review it is approved, or more commonly they can point to studies that clearly show no benefit has been shown to occur.
Yes, you are now understanding.
American Keg Co. is predicting that the tariff will result in the American steel mills raising their prices, as they now would not have to compete as much with off shore steel.
Borders also.  I'm Canadian, living right on the border.  I used to cross the border about 3 times a week; stopping at US Customs was a 20 second affair.  If I needed gas I'd run across the line.  If I woke up on a winter weekend to sunshine I'd could be on a US ski hill in 45 minutes.

Now it takes long lineups, a passport and lots of questions to cross.  It killed the border town that was there basically to serve us.
Right.... because spectrum is the ONLY thing that determines if you'll get a good connection.

I agree with /u/MrG85, this sub is just full of people trying to put down Freedom as of late.  If you don't like Freedom, why are you here?  Sure making yourself look like a spammer.
There's a single tower for each in the residential area of East Village, what's your point?
I'm not sure to what you are referring, perhaps you're looking for certain people?  Connect gets busier every day; and more mods have had to be added to handle the volume.
See my comment [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/GoogleMaps/comments/82jwz9/incorrect_store_hours_on_google_multiple_attempts/dvc9pd6/).  It doesn't matter if he claims it, if the head office has also claimed it then they will keep overwriting his updates.  He needs to have the person in charge of the claims fix their spreadsheet; it probably matched the hours you found on the website but just because the website is updated doesn't mean someone else's spreadsheet will also get updated.
That's not really what will be happening.

Google allows businesses to "claim" their feature on the map, which then gives them trusted editor status for that feature.  Chains have the ability to bulk claim all their locations and then edit them by uploading a spreadsheet.

Head office has probably claimed all the locations, and then uploads a spreadsheet regularly to process changes.  On that sheet they probably have this location's hours wrong, and any corrections to this location get overwritten when the spreadsheet is re-uploaded to do a change at another location.
But neither are right in Hope, so you need to bring your car along...
The communities still exist; the program is just now too big for Google to directly support them.

They also still have the [meetup site](https://maps.google.com/localguides/meetup) going.  

You can read tips for a good meetup at https://www.localguidesconnect.com/t5/Let-s-Meet-Up/How-to-Organize-a-Local-Guides-Meet-Up/td-p/110289.


Most of it has disappeared, but as an example look at at Street View at https://goo.gl/maps/CVzxHV5b1uz.  Spin around and you'll see rental housing, rental housing boarded up in preparation to be torn down, rental housing in the process of being torn down, and mansions that replaced rental housing.
He is saying that they will also cut off the current oil shipments through the pipeline that go to the refinery, and then into our gas tanks.  We'd then have to import (more) gas, thus raising the prices at the pumps.
Not sure if it's what they meant, but a lot of older rental housing is knocked down to build these mega mansions.
Yes, that is the one case where it is allowed; which is reasonable as in today's rental market someone could see a $200 fine as just the cost of doing business.  We had someone in my building that was actually sneaking in renters in the middle of the night.
I think the problem there is that they have no idea if you'll be their customer 15 years later, making the cost/benefit analysis not as clear.
I mutilate my fingernails once a week.
I used to be quite good at whistling tunes.  And then I got six implants.  Try as I might, I can't whistle with the difference between my old teeth and the crowns.
You must have not worked with shared sheets much, you'll quickly learn to hate Excel when it crashes and requires your IT department to recover the last backup... again.
Which has nothing to do with the facts of the matter.  If your argument comes down to trying to insult me (which isn't working, I'm not a realtor) then you've obviously got no argument at all.
And yet it's better than Excel.
Actually, some of the fault is probably on the laws too.

If she didn't pay her stata fees then strata can just put a lien on her place, and if that doesn't motivate her they can petition the courts to force a sale.

But the only way bylaw violations can be enforced is normally via fines, and the only way fines can be enforced is generally via lawyers, courts, etc.

The law requires that council enforce the rules, but then makes it very hard for them to do so.
I'm am not a realtor.

I also have about 20 times the industry education of a realtor.  I'm actually sitting here working on a major project in SPSS for another UBC course.

Congratulations for living up to your username.
I'll give you that, but I'll place that one mainly on modern legal costs.
But as other's have pointed out, it getting to that extreme is totally on her.  She could have just sold the unit for full value and used the funds received to move elsewhere.  I looked up her building, the age restriction is not really affecting prices and she thus could have bought another condo in another building.
My statement was completely about the knowledge of the act, of which you obviously have none.  And you're one to talk about morals; you were the one that admits to being part of trying to hide what you truly talked about in council meetings.
I'm also a council member, but more importantly I'm a real estate professional that deals with these matters and knows the BC Strata Act.

It sounds like you were part of a shitty council; but again anyone was allowed to attend those meetings and hold you accountable.  There's a difference between not being accountable and no one bothering to hold your accountable.

Your unit entitlement is your share in the common property.  The ownership of your actual unit is fee simple, just like most houses.  Again, it is a co-op where you just own shares of the corporation.
The thing is, council has zero choice in it, something I saw in other coverage of this story but not in this article.  If she violates the rules and someone complains, council is required to attempt to get her to follow the rules.

Notice that the resolution put forward to all the owners was to allow her to stay.  Council is the one that writes the resolutions, so the wording seems to indicate that was their proposal to solve the matter.  It was a vote of all the owners that defeated that resolution.  If council was being unreasonable then I wouldn't expect to see that resolution even tabled.
>Condo's with age restrictions sell for a fraction of unrestricted units.

They can sell for less, but I looked up this building and the last sale there, for a unit 200 square feet smaller than her unit, sold for the median price of all condos sold that month in Abbotsford.  It appears she could have sold this and moved elsewhere easily; she just might have had to live in a average sized unit rather than the excessively large one her mother had purchased.

>moving is also expensive

That's an argument for not moving in to begin.
Since everyone seems to be equating "strata" and "strata council" even though they are two different things; what should also be noted is that resolutions are written by the council.  The wording of this resolution was to allow her to stay, which indicates that was what council was recommending to the strata, but the starta turned it down.
Such policies are either in place from the day the developer originally sold the units, or more rarely are voted in by all the owners.  If voted in then anyone already living there would be grandfathered.

If you don't want to be in a building with such restrictions then you simply don't buy into one.
You should also know that a strata can only charge $200 a week for the worst violations; so you can then imagine how long it took to get to $13,000.
And if it's stopped at a certain point, then there is zero incentive to change the behaviour.

In fact, the incentive would be lost even before the limit was reached.  Let's say the limit is $10,000; well then once someone is at $8,000 they'd probably say "Oh well, almost at the limit, why bother changing anything?"

We've had people in our strata blatantly continue to flaunt the rules after they had more than $12,000 in fines accumulated $200 a week; it was then only the threat of the rest of the owners taking them to court and thus making it potentially $100,000 that finally made them stop the behaviour.
> What people often don't realize is you are a shareholder not a home owner in a strata. You bought into a "corporation". 

That is incorrect.  You are thinking of a co-op, not a strata.

A strata, though, does have the legal ability to make bylaws that residents must follow.

>The bullshit thing is, council members are really just plain old volunteers with practically no experience

That applies to any elected person.

> (no) accountability for what they do. There's no transparency

Again incorrect.  They have rules they must follow and they are accountable if they don't.  It is completely transparent, there are minutes of every meeting and you can attend the meeting if you wish.

>And the strata council also look like dicks who lack any sense of compassion

The strata council cannot make such decisions on their own.  The strata council put forward a resolution to let her stay (which indicates that they were the exact opposite of "dicks") and the starta (which means all the owners together) voted it down.
>I know you can search your home view, then drag the map around.

Can you explain the difference you are expecting to see between this and "Search Nearby"?
I don't think Trump has ever taken on opponents that have the same resources as him.  He's used to purposely only dealing with smaller businesses so that he can later "win" simply due to having more lawyers and more funds.
Everything I've read has no basis for a savings, as no price had been set beforehand.  They do state that some was saved due to using planes that were meant to go to Russia.  Is there a basis for believing there is a savings that doesn't just rely on Trump stating the "original" price?
Notebook computers are not meant to sit on your legs.  The vents are all on the bottom, and the bottom is also often designed to be a giant heat sink.  By putting them on your lap you're defeating all the cooling methods.  Notebooks are meant to sit on a hard, flat surface so they get airflow from all four sides.

What others have said about cleaning them is valid, but they will also get clogged less often if not on top of fabric.  Get yourself a good lapdesk; they're about $20 at Costco.
When Trump first made the announcement the EU immediately stated that do to the possibilities of tariffs they were prepared and had a list of the specific products they will place tariffs on in retaliation.  They will be targeting Republican states, but very specifically they will target the products of the Republican leaders' states.

http://time.com/5183838/european-union-tariffs-donald-trump-bourbon-levis-harley-davidson/
I'm afraid no one is going to be able to help you without precise information on where you are starting from, where you are going to, exactly what you do to attempt to get directions, what platform you are on, and what you see instead of what you expected.
6 accounts
> but i feel like in a big city/at popular times (sports events beginning or ending, bar time, people going to the bars, etc.) would make up for any less productive hours.

That's like saying that the profit a hotdog cart outside a stadium can make the hour before and after game proves the restaurant industry is highly profitable.  The entire point of a large survey covering a lot of people would be to eliminate such outliers.
Post in the [Google My Business](https://www.en.advertisercommunity.com/t5/Google-My-Business/ct-p/GMB) forum, one of the TC's there should notice and escalate it.
I don't know; I use it all the time plus a corporate solution for which  my employer pays big bucks.  Hangouts is easier to use, more reliable, and free.  Of my multiple Hangouts meetings from my home computer, my phone while on the road, etc; I attend at least two meetings a month in Hangouts on my lunch hour with 10 to 20 people from around the world with no issues , but the paid for product starts dropping frames if you get 5 people in the same province meeting (stressing those two as it's the same computer and internet connection).
China is the 11th largest importer of steel to the US, so I'm unsure why you think the statement focuses on them.
That's not how science works, you don't wait 100 years and see if there were any effects.  Your example of what happened before things were properly studied means nothing.
>I've contacted Google 4 times about the issue

As there was no place to enter a new address, "reporting" it by putting it together in a field where no one was looking for it should not be expected to produce results.

The good news is that adding address markers is just now being added.  While it's being rolled out it is only available in the Android app and only in limited countries, with the US being one of those countries.  Be sure to place the marker in the middle of your house.  PM me if you need help with it.
Which is still illegal; yellow lights are designed so you have time to stop before it turns red.
I'm in BC, but I used a promo code from someone who I believe was in Ontario.  Location shouldn't matter.

But back to OP's question, I think a more accurate description might be that they offered it once as Wind, and then when they were purchased by Shaw they offered it again with all employees across both Freedom and Shaw being eligible.  I'd consider each a one time only type of thing that you shouldn't count on returning (though I hope it will, I have two lines).
Since you're link is zoomed out on a huge area with deep water in the centre, I have not idea what you are speaking about.

However, assuming that Google obtained seafloor topology just so they could then censor it makes way less sense than assuming that there's no detail because they never have had topology for where you are looking.

Are you perhaps referring the the difference in colour near the shorelines?  If so, that would be where detailed aerial photography meets the combination of undersea topology and satellite imagery.
Of course it's your problem, you're part of society.

You're quite willing to take the benefits of society such as electricity, roads, food in grocery stores, the internet, etc.; so you can suck it up and deal with some inconvenience too.  Your other choice could be to go live naked in the jungle, far from society.

To say other's issues are not your problem is easily countered by saying that your need for the things society provides you are not our problem.
Looks like you're on the right track with claiming the business.  If you have further issues, the official help forum can be found at [https://www.en.advertisercommunity.com/t5/Google-My-Business/ct-p/GMB](https://www.en.advertisercommunity.com/t5/Google-My-Business/ct-p/GMB).

That was not the answer to my question, but I'll amuse you for the moment.

Offer forms have nothing to do with title transfers, as the vendor really could care less about the buyer's occupation.

Have you seen the [title transfer documents](https://ltsa.ca/sites/default/files/Form-17-Fee-Simple-V12.pdf)?  They require each registered owner's occupation.  They are also 99% of the time filled in and submitted by lawyers or notaries who know what is expected and will fill in the occupation appropriately, no matter what the actual owner might be inclined to supply as their occupation, as they are also putting their name on this document and this is their livelihood.

As you are unaware of how any of this works and as you avoided my question completely, shall I also assume you do not understand what homemaker means?

* Someone that builds homes is listed as a homebuilder, not a homemaker
* Someone that permanently stays at home to raise children and/or take care of the home instead of working is listed as a homemaker
* Someone that used to work but now stays at home is listed as retired

By defintion homemakers have no earned income.  While you might see joint ownership of, for example, a lawyer and a homemaker, it should be extremely rare to see a homemaker as the sole owner of an expensive home, which is basically any home in the lower mainland and Fraser Valley, among other places.
No, you cannot list whatever you want; it's a legal form that you then sign to swear it is true.

Are you aware what "homemaker" means?
You are still missing the point.  Lots of people have one-on-one talks with their supervisors, but that's not what we're talking about here. Being told to do something or have to explain yourself one-on-one with the CEO (not your supervisor) is a threat, plain and simple.
Obviously you missed the part at the end where if you did not prove you bought the game, you then needed to have a one-on-one talk with him in private.

That's not the actions of someone who's just suggesting that maybe you might want to do this.
This isn't their policies, it's the law.  They have not really choice in the matter.
The story was about the CRA enforcing them.

Basically, they now can just get the POS (point of sale) data to see how much each server was tipped on all electronic payments.  They're going back to 2014 in their audits.
The road edit queue as of late has been about 2 to 4 weeks, based on my other edits.
Your not quite understanding the difference between "support" and "will work".

Support means they guarantee it and will provide the assistance to make it work if you have issues.  No one is going to support another person's product or service.

But not offering support does not necessarily mean it won't work.  I bought a Oneplus One after researching that it had the right bands and that it works for others.  That is what you need to focus on if you're not buying the phone straight from the carrier.
To be honest, I think you're handling it slightly wrong.

I'd be approaching it as "Seems you shipped something to someone and gave me their tracking number.  Where is mine?"
Exactly what I found last night also.
We do.

Click on the photo, click on the flag in the lower right corner, choose that it's inappropriate.
Went there, ate it, tastes the same as the sourdough at home.  That's a very easily reproducible product.
There's two lanes of travel in one direction; that's not a rural road.
Before Local Guides such places had way less reviews.

The entire point of the program is to encourage more corrections and reviews.  It is not a bad thing that you're seeing a bunch of reviews from Local Guides; that is the entire point.
Due to the US holiday it took me an extra day to get confirmation, but this has now been sent to the developers.  Thank you for the report.
The rule is that users should not be adding third party sites such as Facebook.

Only owners can add third party sites, and then there are a bunch of other rules such as whether it's under their control, whether there is a better site, etc.  When they do add, the do so via GMB, in which case you won't be asked to fact check it.

So for fact checking you should always deny.
You are ringing a political bell right back when you state your first point; that is an argument I only hear from people that like the US system.  It's also an incorrect argument.

And if you truly felt this was the inappropriate place, you wouldn't have brought up your points; your using that as an argument to try to ring your political bell but stifle a counter argument.

You're probably right that this is the wrong place for the argument, but listing your points before you said it was just as wrong.
I think he means there is an annual deductible, so even if it remains the same amount it will likely have to be paid multiple times since this kid likely has years of follow up care to come.
Oh, there were some code issues also; though the quality of all the materials and workmanship was so poor that I wondered how many code issues were fine on completion day and then quickly deteriorated.
The user actually backed off on the claim.  He's full of BS, remember he's the one that started this whole sub-thread with his thoughts that it's bad software design that a video player isn't set up for the car driver to easily use on the road.  He's trying to find issues where there are none.

In this case I happen to support Maps, I know the issues and what isn't happening.  That isn't an issue happening to anyone else, so yes, if it was happening all the time (which it turns out it isn't) it would be an issue specific to his phone.
No, I was trying not to make what I do the focus; but my qualification is that Google actually considers me an expert in the product.  I troubleshoot and the escalate such issues to the engineers.  We are told the known issues, we meet with the engineers and other Googler's regularly, and they fly me down to conferences a couple of times a year on their dime.

I can thus assure you that if it was an issue, I'd know about it.  I can't decide what needs escalation without knowing all the issues.  And if this was an issue, the only way it would get escalated is via someone at my level.

Perhaps you didn't notice, but the person that claimed this was a constant issue is now pulling back on that statement.
I'm the king of unfounded claims?  This coming from the person watching videos on the road?

>You do not get to tell me what to do and what not to do during my commute.

No, or I would have made you stop already.  But I do get to tell you that your a self centred moron for what you do on your commute.

>Take your behavior and pretend someone else was doing it to you.

OK, doing so now.... hmmm... yeah, if I ever act with complete disregard for other's live like you do, I hope someone tells me I'm an idiot.

Last comment to you... bye.
Please stop trying to twist my words, I never said any such thing.  That just makes your comment valueless.

I know that if logging out happened to others, there would be complaints. 

There isn't complaints.

I have never said there are no bugs.  But the claimed bug doesn't exist, as if it did others would have it.

I have many years of tech support.  When things happen on just one phone, on just one computer, or to just one person then the issue is not the software.

Edit: Just looked at the user name.  The fact that this comes from someone that thinks it's fine to watch videos on the road and that it's poor software design when you have to then skip ads while driving really does put your comment into perspective.  
No, it's not the very app you are talking about; as you just tried to get me to say the paid version was fine.

The paid version removes ads you are getting.  And it allows it to become an audio only app.  But you're using the free version, which is purely a video app.

We're back to the fact that you're using an inappropriate app while driving.

Stop acting like a child.  Use a proper voiced controlled app when on the road.  The designers of video apps that require you attention to be on it occasionally, up and including to have to physically inter act with it, are not the ones in the wrong here; that is perfectly acceptable for a video app.  Your use of it instead of a hands free audio app is the issue here, stop being so irresponsible with other's lives when you're driving.
>Google’s apps are notorious for these sorts of bugs

No, they aren't.  You saying it doesn't make it so.

I actually help out on the Google Maps  forum all the time, I've never seen anyone with this issue.

And because of that I also by default end up being the support for Google Maps at work, where we have dozens of people travelling all over our region all the time.

So it's not a belief, but rather I actually know that it doesn't happen all the time, and the question would actually be why would you want to believe it does?  Why have you created a non-existent issue in your head?
No, that's not how the app works for anyone else, so is not the software.  And if you have that much trouble with computers, you might want to redefine successful.
Without even looking, I have already seen that video.  However, almost everything wrong with that place is quality issues, not code issues, for which neither inspections by the engineering firm or the city would do anything.
That comment does not make sense on it's own, thus you were also responding the to comment above.

And thus yes, you are saying Google does not get it, because that's what this entire sub-tread is about.  If that's not what you are trying to say then you're posting in the wrong place.
That does sound like you're losing a connection; but also sounds like you have something set up wrong.  I last logged into Maps when I set up my phone; if you're being asked to log in you have something set up incorrectly.

Again, use the appropriate app or pay for a subscription; it's not the tech companies here that are not getting how things should work.
>listen to with the screen off if you pay them a subscription

What does that app have to do with your original statement of "pop-ups and pauses and 15 minute ads that MUST be skipped"?
Google Music has a free service.

>So no, my question is not "What's wrong with watching videos while driving?" because there is no comparable free music software.

What is wrong with it?  It is not set up for hands free driving.

If you want to save money and put up with unskippable ads in return, there's nothing wrong with it if you don't look at or touch the screen.

But the problem is, no matter how much you insist, that is not actually your question.  I say so because this is a thread where we are discussing that no one should be using an app that requires the driver to be trying to skip ads, and that no app by Google set up for use while driving requires such interaction.  So that then makes your questions "I know that Google has a paid solution for hands free driving, but why are they not making my free workaround using a video player instead hands free?"  That aspect has already been answered.  It is not the tech companies "not getting it", it is yourself.
No, they do not.

My job involves sitting in the building departments of cities throughout the area and gathering info on the buildings.  If I can't get it from the files I talk to the building inspectors directly.  In every municipality I visit their inspectors do not do any inspections on multi-family or commercial buildings.
Of course it varies, this is the real world.  There would be almost zero future issues if sign offs ensured perfect subscription to code, but the fact is issues do occur.
Which does not make complaining that a video player isn't set up for use while driving any more valid.
That is not what I said.  I said that complaining that a video player is not set up for use while driving is not an appropriate complaint.
Youtube is for videos.

Google Music is for listing to music.

Your questions is basically "What's wrong with watching videos while driving?"  Any complaints that the using the app for a purpose other than it was designed results in having inappropriate pop-ups for driving are not valid complaints.  That is not a case of the tech company "not getting it".
>Fair enough, I just think it's a disturbing trend that the cost of a home doesn't end up reflecting the quality of the unit anymore. Wouldn't it be an inspection by an engineering firm be an inspection though? 

I have no idea exactly what the requirements of the engineering firms must follow before they sign off; I'm sure they vary from firm to firm.  Don't forget that they are employed by the builder.  I'm sure that in a lot of cases they are looking at plans and at reports from the builder were deviations are needed or issues found, in which case they would issue corrected plans and expect them to be followed.

Additionally, they would be looking for code issues, not quality issues.  Crappy cabinetry, cheap flooring or bad paint jobs is not what either engineers nor city inspectors are trying to find.
You are not describing the behaviour of any app that you should be using via your 70 mph commute.
Pice and quality can't really be related the way you are attempting; that price point is no longer a sign of excellence in building but rather just a sign of the market conditions.

But to address what you are saying, my point only was that they are not inspected; thus nothing is "getting by inspection".
Apartments and condos are not normally inspected by city building departments.  Major buildings are required to hire an engineering firm who sign off on it at the end of construction.
How much data do you need when outside Freedom's area?  I live on the edge of their coverage and go outside their home zone all the time for work, but my roaming is all free thanks to the plan I'm on.
Vehicles that are illegally parked most definitely can be ticketed and towed without knowing who drove it.
The yellow line includes some of the high speed, high traffic line to Delta Port, it would be unlikely to be able to be used for transit  Additionally, for both lines the places those lines go that is different than current and future planned transit is empty farmland.

The north shore train is successful because it goes through stop after stop that have people living there.  Sure some of those grew due to the train, but that's not possible in the empty place on the south side as it's protected land.

There was another rail line who's stops formed many of the current towns originally, if it still existed it would make sense, but that line is long gone.  It was also kind of windy.
> Everytime I see you post on this sub you are advocating for the pipeline...its almost like you have an agenda.

So having an opinion makes him a shill?  Then I guess by your definition you too are a shill.
There is a Skytrain bridge already there; what advantage would West Coast Express to Surrey have over Skytrain?  Keep in mind West Coast Express needs to follow existing trackage.
You're getting downvoted not why you think, but because you're being insulting.  There's no reason anyone in this sub wouldn't answer the question honestly... it's either yes or no to OP's post.
To be clear, I and the other Top Contributors in the forum are not Google employees, but I'm glad I could help you.
As the person that wrote the above, the map has become as big and detailed filled as it is because error reports have constantly been processed.
Yes, that's what would also happen if you flagged the reviews.

But if, as you seem to be describing, reviews don't come quickly to your place and then all of a sudden 4 appear at once, the TCs in the GMB forum might be able to escalate the issue for you.

On the other hand, if you get reviews all the time and these just happen to be 4 bad ones, then no one will be able to help you.

Just remember that when you answer them via your GMB account, you're not really talking to them but rather you're talking to the people that read that review.  So remain polite and professional.  For example, you might answer the Superbowl one with "Hello, I'm sorry to hear about the unprofessional issues you encountered.  As I was out of state during the Superbowl, I'm afraid you've might have posted this on the wrong business.  I certainly can offer my services to fix the issues caused by whomever you hired."
If four reviews arrived all at once, that can probably be investigated.  But no, Reddit is not the spot to do that.  Since you indicate you know Google's system already you of course have already claimed your business through GMB; so go to the GMB forum and politely give the detail above and ask if the fairly obvious link between the reviews can be investigated by Google.
Nope, the offer was not for you to keep insulting and swearing.  Since you called me a troll, I suggest you actually do some research and find out that the person that screams and insults like crazy is the one trolling.  Obviously you can't be talked to, and can't possibly be wrong, I'm out.
Just as I thought, you have nothing at all.  All you can do is insult people who might think differently than you, and you can't even keep your thoughts on track.  Have fun in life with that attitude.
I disagree with you, and your response is to call me an idiot?  I think you just showed who is self centred.

You did not suggest this as a setup that would help a few, you said everyone should be set up that way.  To argue that everyone should be set up that way and then to argue that they can't know how you should be set up shows a complete lack of logical thinking.

Since your two posts completely disagree with each other, you made a mistake somewhere.  To figure it out, I'll make this simple for you, let's see if you can stay on track:

1. You said everyone should have certain settings for Facebook
1. I said Facebook should then make those the default settings
1. What is your exact argument against my statement does not negate your first statement?
>I think you, like most of the people I see complain about Facebook, are using it incorrectly.

Your long list would not indicate that people are using it incorrectly; it should be set up to default to the "correct way" to use it.

Instead your list shows that Facebook has a lot of issues with the way it's set up.
Freedom targets big city dwellers.  The majority of people that live in a big city don't leave it often enough to justify the extra cost.

If people mainly bought the plans with the extra minutes, that would then be the majority of plans; there would be little point in offering a bunch of plans that wont' sell.  The majority of plans do not include the 2500+ minutes, thus obviously people are buying the other ones.

Also, the roaming minutes are a relatively new feature, you'll find that most users are on grandfathered plans.
Select plans have 2500 minutes of roaming calls, the majority don't.
I see a lot of people telling you that Freedom has limited coverage area.  That's true, but with the right package it doesn't matter.  Call them, claim that you're moving to a place close to the border (such as Abbotsford or White Rock) and say you'd become a customer if you could get the Promo Everywhere 50 plan.  If you can get that you'll have free roaming across Canada and the US with a 1 Gig limit on full speed data, plus another 6 or 8 gigs full speed in the Home zones (should be 8, the Everywhere plan was originally $60 and 6 gigs, but the promo version was $50 and 8 gigs).  The plan is no longer offered directly, but people are still getting it from loyalty and from stores near the border.

I and my wife are on this plan and it's basically impossible to go over our monthly bill while we're in the US or Canada unless we called internationally.

If you have a friend on Freedom or PM me, a current Freedom customer can give you a referral that gets a few bucks back for both you and them.
Wow, nice try, but you're just blowing smoke.
Maybe from a group that were just elderly patients of all sorts.  But the headline indicates the were already opioid users, so it would make more sense that some would continue and some would cease use after their underlying issue was resolved.
It wasn't the same part number on the box as what I ordered, it was just a mis-pick.
Source on this?
This probably answers most of them.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K57IcN9DWXo
I ordered a $4 addon USB cable and got a handheld 3D printer instead.  Was not mad.
That's why I said "tend" over "always".

However, both professions you just named are ones were you are limited as to how many tips you can manage to collect per hour, so I don't think it's as high as you may think.
Canadian
Must have some different rules down there, because where I'm from they don't publish the names until you're convicted as an adult.  What if they're underage and found not guilty?
> I never could get accustomed to back-pedal brakes.

Thanks for making me feel old; everyone in my generation started out on such a bike.  You got a bike with gears (3-speed, 5-speed or 10-speed) later in life.
Even worse, it then goes to $15 one year after that, so it's $11.60 to $15 (30%) in a year.

I like to see the minimum raised, but doing it like that is a sure way to actually cause lots of people to end up losing their jobs or getting massive hour cuts.
Places that have service but no alcohol do not tend to have tips in the range where the servers are making a significant part of their income from the tips.
So these have now been confirmed to be police vehicles, but....

Tint on just the rear windows is how many SUV/CUV vehicles, including my Tucson, come from the factory.  It is very common; people want their children in the back seat to be protected from the sun.  Plus a big vehicle with corresponding big windows is one where you want as much tinting as legal if you don't want the summer sun to cook you.
I ordered a $4 USB cable and they sent me the Monoprice handheld 3D printer.
I'd demand to know why you can't pursue fraud charges.

I can understand if ICBC was the only one paying out.

But you have a piece of paper saying your premiums are going up, so you've been defrauded.
Saying you're banning something is not requesting investigations.

And that has been his answer for everything... investigate things that have already had years of investigations.  Just read the investigations that have already been done!
I've driven through lots of fog and lots of snow storms that were pretty well white outs without encountering people driving the wrong speed; anyone with sense drives the right speed in poor visibility.  And in that area they just don't have fog, but they also have sand storms, so they should be used enough to it to have a sense of the appropriate speed also.
Umm... it's down.

People need to quit expecting everything in the world to be instantaneous.
You have no idea if they'll take it down or not.  Things don't come down immediately upon request; if they did then people could false flag competitors.  You need to wait and see what the results are.

And checking just now, the results are that it was taken down.
Most of the feedback publishes immediately.  If your review trust has dipped to where you are having most things queued for human review then you need to adjust your editing.

Your directions issue can be easily fixed by setting a Home location that's on your internal road and then using it instead of "my current location", which must be closer to the path if you're getting that instead.  I do the same where I live.

An airport disappearing off the map is pretty serious, while most edits must wait their turn in queue I can escalate that if you provide the info.
Other reports of this issue have been observed and it has been escalated to the engineers.
> The average person who does not drive through a school zone (eg no school zone on the highway) will have little exposure to the photo radar, 

You must have not been driving when photo radar was last in place.  Being a cash cow, they loved setting it up on highways to catch people going 110 in the 100 zone.

Notice that this article is quoting someone praising Edmonton's system.  I looked that system up, and found a quote from the police chief where he stated they purposely set it up on a major highway all the time, and yet he found when he drove the road that the speed limit was way too low in his professional opinion.
I'm kind of surprised that Rogers hasn't created a similar network, after which I would have expected them to set up a reciprocal sharing agreement.

Shaw's next expansion is that they will be adding hotspots to the residential modems.
>No, you're just a terrible driver.

Stop being an asshole, you know nothing about their driving.

I haven't had a ticket in over 15 years and have had my full discount on my insurance for that amount of time too.  Speed traps on highways are revenue generators, nothing more.
They can get in an unmarked car and drive the roads.  This is what they used to do.  It doesn't take more than a few minutes on the road before I see someone do an illegal and highly dangerous maneuver, sitting on one spot and ticketing the easy targets that aren't as much of a danger is not enforcing traffic safety.
Countered by the inclusion for Freedom's customers of the Shaw wifi hotspots.

Signal penetration is not really an issue on Freedom; the few times I've not had a Freedom signal nor a Shaw hotspot, my phone then roams on one of the big three.  If you can only get a Shaw hotspot or a Rogers signal, I'm good but the Telus user is out of luck.
The cop being quoted in the article says it should be used to improve safety at high crash intersections.

Umm... that's a red light camera, not photo radar, and we already have them.

He also quotes it's success in Edmonton; it's well known in Edmonton to just be a cash grab.

It's not really raising a discussion; rather it's presenting a distorted view.
If all OP wants is 2 GB then what extra does the Telus network really offer OP?

I have the Everywhere 50 and then a work phone on Telus.  The only time I see a difference is when I go to various areas in the Fraser Valley for work that are covered by Rogers only; my phone roams for free while the work phone reads "911 only".
The 1% drop was for all of their phones.  It does not how many people bought the lesser models instead of the flagship.
That's a $47 plan.  For $3 more on Freedom you can get 5 Gigs, and if you don't really talk on the phone you can get 10 Gigs.

Or better yet, if you can convince a store or loyalty to give you the $50 Everywhere plan, many consider it superior.
Yeah, but their prices are dropping, so if I have to wait on the rest of the computer, I might as well wait for it too.
It's nothing special to Australia; for many years the main beer each country exported was usually something that didn't sell well in it's home country.
It's keeping me from upgrading my entire computer.  No use buying a new motherboard, CPU and memory plus converting to SSD if I can't get a graphics card that will do a decent job.
> and also a drug addict which means he was sick

Technically, yes, it's a medical condition.

But so are any injuries that one gets doing an intense sport.

Both are something with known dangers that you choose to do anyway, and as a result you ended up with a medical condition.  It's not quite the same as a condition you were struck down with out of the blue.

To equate it to another addiction; nicotine addition is a medical condition which we attempt to treat when the sufferer asks for help.  But society mocks smoking all the time; it's a condition you end up with by making poor choices despite everyone knowing about the dangers, and thus while society has sympathy for someone trying to kick the nicotine habit and/or someone who develops a related condition, we still consider it OK to mock the choices made and in fact it's part of vilifying it to discourage others from also making the same choices.


No, that's not the way it works.

Some people who have a pre-existing mental illness end up addicted to drugs.

That's really sad and we need to do whatever we can about it.

But twisting that to say that all people on drugs have a mental illness and/or that taking drugs is itself the mental illness is just very poor logic.
You can't take my statement, say it's incorrect, and then set your own parameters.

It was my statement, and it stands using the parameters with which I made it.  I'll just end it here, you're obviously a troll.
Your population density map is splitting out each city and showing how densely populated it is compared to the others.  But they are different sizes, so it's really not showing you what you were seeking.  It's instead showing you how their densities compare, but one that shows as less dense than another could still be more populated with the way that map is organized.

No statement was ever made that more cities are closer to one airport than the other, so comparing the number of cities really doesn't matter.  And the statement wasn't most people, it was most of the area.  If we're going to look at people; then you'd have to start considering that the people that have the money and/or jobs where they are more likely to fly tend to not live in east Vancouver but rather a lot of them move to the outskirts of the metro area so that they can have larger homes on larger lots.  Analyzing the actual air travellers on each flight's actual travel time to each airport is way beyond either of our resources; thus why I just made the statement about area.

>what am I missing?

I'm not sure what you're missing.  I think you now understand that YVR is on the western edge of Metro Van.  And while your map doesn't show it, YXX is just off that easter edge.  So half the area is closer to YVR and half is closer to YXX.  And yes, I used Google Maps for travel times, and while the central Metro Van places were normally only 5 minutes closer to YXX than YVR for the best traffic scenarios, the gap was larger for the higher traffic scenarios.  When you're going to the airport for a flight and Maps tells you it's typically X to Y minutes at the time of day you want to travel, I think you'd agree that one had better leave at least Y minutes to get there.  So you need to run your scenarios using different times of the day and different days of the week looking at the high ends of the typical travel times each time.

My original statement, which is what he said was debatable, including both Metro Van and the Fraser Valley.  Extend your map up to Hope and you'll see that YVR is on the western edge and YXX is in the middle.  His statement that it's debatable that YXX is closer to most of the area as opposed to YVR was obviously way off.
Yes, I'm serious... naming some of the half of Metro Van that is close to YVR does not make the half that is close to YXX suddenly closer to YVR.

Burnaby, West Van and Richmond are all on the western side, great cherry picking on your part.

>even coquitlam

Checking on Google Maps during the periods with no traffic on the road and it's 5 to 10 minutes quicker to get to YXX.  Go during the day and YXX is even quicker.

>Surrey

Google Maps show the average time if you hit no traffic is about the same, but the upper end extremes are way higher for when you try to go to YVR.

So for these two places you choose that are central Metro Van, Abbotsford is going to normally be a quicker trip.

That's not even covering all the cities on the eastern side of Metro Van that you so conveniently ignored.

As I said, it's not debatable.  Facts are facts; the time to get to one over the other is not a matter of opinion.
No, I'm not at all.  That statement treats Metro Van as a single item, but right from the beginning  I was dividing Metro Van up into portions; so that is not at all what I said.

However, with that statement you are clearly making the ridiculous claim that someone in Langley can get to YVR quicker than YXX due to him already being at the same location as YVR.  According to your logic travel within Metro Van is instantaneous.
Adding new residential addresses is just now being rolled out in Maps.  It is currently only available in the Android app in Canada, India and the US; but will be expanded in the near future.

In those countries, selecting Send Feedback now gives the first choice of "Missing Place or Address" instead of just "Missing Place".

As a note, if you are adding a new address marker it should contain the address only (that is no other information such as your name, a business name, etc.) and the marker should be in the middle of the building, or in the case of multiple tenanted buildings each with a separate address it should be in the middle of the tenant's space within the building.  Suite/unit/apt/shop/etc. numbers should not be included in addresses either, just the main address gets mapped.
The parking isn't free anymore, but it's very nominal.
He pulled over, and I as I ran back I yelled at my wife to keep her eye on him and to write down the plate number.  She told me he was joking and laughing on his cell phone the entire time.

But yes, he was caught.  I have no idea of his final fate.
I mentioned neither speeding nor a SUV in my post, are you even in the right thread?

The left lane was going the speed limit.  The truck in the right lane was going the same speed, it was alongside us for at least 2 miles.
Been there, done that; but with the left lane full of a few miles of regularly spaced vehicles all going at the same pace.

I was attentive and could see that the B train beside me in the right lane was coming up on a slow moving RV but was not slowing down himself.  In anticipation I laid the pedal down, and sure enough he started coming over; he missed my back bumper by inches.

The car two back from me hit the brakes and was also OK.

The pickup between us was forced onto the wide shoulder similar to the video.  All I saw in my mirror was a cloud of dust beside the semi, and then the truck shot out and pulled to the right to get back on the pavement.  He over compensated, and suddenly was going straight towards the other shoulder while skidding down the road sideways.

He panic turned it in the opposite direction and was suddenly going down the freeway sideways heading towards the median, with the semi right behind him.

He launched into the air and his truck did three spirals as it flew several hundred feet.  He was ejected through the driver's window on the second spiral.  Luckily it was a very wide median at that point so no one in the opposite lanes were in danger.

I emergency stopped and ran back to help, but his brain was sitting a short distance away from his body.  There was a transfer ambulance travelling the opposite direction that quickly got a sheet over him.

It's been 15 years, and it's seared into my memory.

Pay attention to your surrounding folks, both so you can avoid like I did and so you can not be the asshole that caused someone else's death.
No, it is not.  You need to get out a map and also have knowledge of the boundaries of Metro Vancouver.

Your statement makes it sound like YVR is centrally located.  YVR is on the western edge of Metro Vancouver; and Abbotsford is on the eastern edge; thus half of Metro Van is closer to Abbotsford.

Abbotsford also has a freeway that bisects the middle of Metro Vancouver leading to it, making it likely quicker to get to for many that are technically closer to YVR as the crow flies.

And Abbotsford is definitely closer for all of the Fraser Valley.

There's nothing debatable, just a lack of knowledge of geography on your part.
No, not really... distance is not really up for debate.
You're just flat out lying, as fees and taxes are including in Canadian flights by law.  You haven't even tried pricing out a flight on the site.
Abbotsford is closer than YVR for half of Metro Vancouver and all of the Fraser Valley.
The auto braking had been purposely disabled, so the driver was fully responsible for breaking.  This was also the company founder driving, so he should have known the current state of the auto-drive; as in fact should anyone behind the wheel, I would expect they get a full briefing before every drive.
Since the driver is one of the company founders, I think they're one in the same.
Add to that, he was the employer and manufacturer; that was one of the company co-founders driving.

Edit: Perhaps his life goal is a driverless car because he sucks at driving?
It stops growth in the user base though, and perhaps even loses some of the base.

Imagine someone entering gaming.  Before he had to pick from consoles or PCs, and some went each way.  Now they'll mainly be going towards consoles, and those decisions are often for life.  So you've lost a lot of people that would have been making periodic upgrades throughout their lives.

The manufactures want that market; the regular purchases throughout your entire life market.  They know mining isn't long term, and AMD has even asked retailers to only sell to non-miners and to limit sales to 2 cards a person. 
The animal that has provided me with the most emotional support is my wife, and I'm certain I can get a doctor's note to confirm it.  Time for her to take a night class on being supportive, and we're all set for her to fly for free!
Your data seems greatly out of date, people don't have those complaints anymore.  You are aware they have 3-4 and soon to be 4-5 bandwidths for LTE instead of the 1 of a year ago, are you not?

And with the right Freedom plan, you roam on the big 3 so there is not such thing as a dead zone.  For work often I go to areas where our work supplied Telus phones don't work, but my  Freedom phone roams on Rogers while I'm there.  I also roam for free in the US.

>As someone who sells phone plans for Bell and Virgin

Ohhhh... now I understand.
In urban settings they only increase the density of towers when there are too many customers and thus the existing towers are overloaded.  They put them up because they'll make even more money than the tower costs.  So more towers is a sign of even higher profit.
And yet Freedom has not contracts and fantastic prices; it seems what you say isn't always true.
The other major thread in this sub about the Panoramio photos posted about the same time as your thread is one complaining about poor positioning of the photos in the new layer.  They're poorly positioned in the new layer because they were poorly positioned in Panoramio.  I'm not the only one noticing this overall trend.
>If Google can maintain older satellite or Street View photos (and it's great they do), why not older Panoramio photos?

You've picked two things where they maintain older imagery via the active Maps/Earth program, and the ask why they can't maintain this other imagery.  But they have; by transferring it into the Maps/Earth program (and with an assist from Photos) that's allowed them to maintain it.  But maintaining old stuff does require a program that has current and future things going on so that there is a budget for equipment and staff.

Edit:  I couldn't say anything until it was officially acknowledged, but so far only a portion of Panoramio's database has been added; there is a lot more to still be added.  https://productforums.google.com/d/msg/maps/yDLD3TpS1WQ/qXRMT2J0AgAJ
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-keep-notes-and-lis/hmjkmjkepdijhoojdojkdfohbdgmmhki
That's not what "bug" means.  You're describing an intended function.
>is the new Google Maps Photos that replaced Panoramio on Google Earth Pro geolocated precisely?

Panoramio was full of poorly geolocated photos.  Without a phone or GPS enabled camera to do it for them, most people are extremely lazy when geocoding their own photos.

Now transferred to the new service, those photos are as precise as they were before.
> Remember, that Panoramio was "hot" 8-10 years ago

I'm afraid you are just going to have to let go of things from past decades, both on the internet and in real life.

With regards to the rest of your point, we already covered it.  Google made the effort to try and get as many people to agree to have the photos transferred to something people were actually using.  Some people didn't do it.  That's just something you're going to have to accept; no one's at fault here, things just progressed as they do throughout life.
The photos transferred over if they photo's owned agreed to it.  If not, it was their right to take their photos where they wanted.

There's also nothing to stop people from uploading historical photos.
>and Google will allow it as long as they're being paid.

Google does no such thing, quite making things up.
That's some very specific feedback that would be excellent and probably would be looked at if enough people submitted it, specifically saying that the undo needs to be longer.

Fighters would also fly as protective support for bombers, but they're range was considerably less; so move of their hours were spent flying over friendly territory.  Even once they were over enemy territory, they had to break off and return to base just part way into the mission, so they weren't with the bombers once they got to the heavily defended targets.
> But "demands to customize to your liking" is feedback..

It's feedback that gets added to the overall feedback.  Expecting your particular feedback to be followed is unrealistic.

>It must be near the top of the feedback like you said.

I never said such a thing.  You and people you gravitate towards is not necessarily the majority.  I'm fine with the layout, a vocal minority is still a minority.

And even if it turned out that a majority did want a UI change, each person would want something different.  "Change the UI" is not productive feedback.  "Change the UI in these specific ways" may reveal you're the only person that wants those specific changes.

UI changes also take a couple of years to plan, do focus groups, code, test, re-code, test with a larger group, etc.

It's certainly not as simple as you're trying to make it seem.
You are not having success as you are reporting a different feature.  Your edit attempt would be closed as being incorrect.

You have two options that are actually the proper processes:

* If there is an actual address marker and it is wrongly placed then when you look up the address you should have the option right in the address to edit it.
* If instead it is predicting the placement then you need to add an actual address marker.  This is only available in a few countries at this time while it is tested.  To see if it's available, while just looking at the place on the map with no search active and no dropped pins in place, select the hamburger menu, then select Send Feedback.  Choose Missing Place Or Address (it will only say this if you are in one of the countries where it is available), then House Or Apartment.  Follow the rest of the instructions.

If your not in one of the countries with this option then feedback is not being accepted at this time.  It's not a case of feedback being ignored, but rather Google is being honest and saying they can't help at this time.
Feedback and demands to customize it to your liking are two different things; there is no way they can follow everyone's feedback, but rather feedback on anyone's product would be amalgamated and then the most requested items would be analyzed for feasibility.
Please explain exactly how you are submitting that feedback.
Years ago the support company I worked for was purchased by an even larger corporation.  Our email directory was merged into thiers, which included all the companies they owned.  It was set up in Outlook with no filtering by company available.  There was someone with my exact name who was a supervisor at Kodak somewhere in the US; whenever I got an email meant for him it was always along the lines of "Can I have Friday off?"

I was often extremely tempted to respond with "Sure, and take Monday too!"
>The moment anybody says I have freedom, everybody starts questioning. It’s fine for people on a budget or teens.

That's not my experience.  I work in a professional setting.  When people hear you're on Freedom, they are happy to meet someone actually on it and ask questions.  I was the first, but my office has over half a dozen people on Freedom now, and no one has a complaint.
People who are motivated by the thought of helping others make excellent map edits and additions.

People who are motivated by perks and thus want to get to a higher level ASAP tend to not provide the best edits.

Don't expect to see Google provide lots of perks, they never were meant as compensation but rather as the occasional thank you; and that's not likely to change as it wouldn't lead to a better map.
>i'm doing it mainly for the perks.

The main motivation is supposed to be to help others by creating a better map.  The rewards are just supposed to represent an occasional thank you; they thus will not come often enough to act as compensation if that is your main motivator.
It lasted 2 years.

If photos are what is taking up your drive space, you can set them to normal quality and regain your space.
Unfortunately the Greyhound station is on the other end of town; the airport hotels that are likely to have shuttles are in the wrong spot.  The town isn't that big though, perhaps call one of the local taxi companies and ask what it would cost to get from the airport to the [Coast Abbotsford](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Coast+Abbotsford+Hotel+%26+Suites/@49.0385307,-122.2743403,16z/data=!4m8!1m2!2m1!1shotel!3m4!1s0x54844a8e457351c9:0x82562c5bfd9db60e!8m2!3d49.039032!4d-122.2681734?hl=en), which is the closest hotel to the Greyhoud station.  Their numbers are at https://www.abbotsfordairport.ca/Travellers/ground_transportation.htm.
> I think you're so hung up on the idea of the law, that you've never really considered its purpose, enforcement, or what justice really means.

No, not at all.  There is pretty well zero support for what was going on in Robson Square by plenty of people that have thought it out.  We'd have the same if someone started selling homemade liquor from a table.  Or even if it was just trinkets.  When everyone else pays rent for stores or gets a license to sell on the street in a spot were it's unobtrusive, it was not unjust to shut down these illegal stalls.

>In this case, it's a behaviour directly related to solving the current most pressing health crisis in the city.

Bullshit.  There is plenty of other ways to raise funds.  And that guy was not giving 100% to the crisis.

It's fairly clear your ideas don't align with society in general, so I don't know who you think you're going to convince.  I'm done with you.
No landlord is going to add a covenant to his land that restricts his ability to rent it; such covenants usually would only be in place if Safeway owned the land and added the covenant before selling it.  Does Safeway own any of these locations?
Even less; Mission is if FVRD, to the GVRD.
Plenty of apps that will store all your loyalty cards for you.  I've gotten my wallet down to 5 cards; if my main credit card starts supporting Android Pay I'll cull it even more.

I use StoCard, and it actually means I use loyalty cards even more; as there were cards I didn't carry because I rarely used them, Air Miles being a prime example.
I live in Abbotsford and drive in both directions as part of my job.  It's badly needed up to and through the urban part of Abbotsford; there are traffic jams quite often; but after Whatcom can wait for some time, that part isn't overcrowded.  Keep in mind that's where they bump the speed limit up to 110 km/h, which they only did on the portions of highway where lighter traffic, rarity of slowdowns, etc. made it safer to do so.
You need to overlay a map of what ridings voted which way and then you'll better understand.
> but is that a thing?

That is why we have border crossings with customs agents asking you questions; every single person entering the country is checked as to whether they will be allowed in.
The same laws often usually includes tow trucks, so be aware of them also.

Just watch an episode or two of this show and you'll understand it from the point of view of all the people that put their lives on the line when they pull over to the side of the highway.

[Heavy Rescue 401](https://www.discovery.ca/Shows/Heavy-Rescue-401)
You've circled around, that was already covered at the top of this thread.  Go back and read slower this time.  It's ok if you have to sound out the big words.
>same reason any store would, protection

Says the guy that until now said they weren't weapons.

I agree, you're trolling.  Either that or incredibly stupid.  Care to clear up which one it is?
Your answer makes me think you are under the impression that the aerials are taken from a satellite.  While that does still occur, high res imagery is from cameras mounted in a plane (aerial photography) and this would simply be a plane passing under and ending up in two frames that were stitched together.
Almost certainly.  The plane in which the camera is mounted normally flies a grid pattern that is aligned to the compass.  This looks like the camera plane was either flying north (at a higher speed than the plane below) or more likely south while the plane below passed under heading North-Northwest.  The pictures taken by the camera plane were then stitched together, causing the plane to appear twice.
> And there are thousands of ways people could be addressing the overdose epidemic.

No matter how clever you thought you were being, that is in no way a rebuttal to what I said.  It does not point out anything wrong with what I said.

>What's your point?

My point was quite clear.  You stated laws need to be changed if there was no legal way to do a good thing.  I pointed out there are a prethala of legal ways.

>He's doing something of clear good, and should be accommodated by the city.

Why?  I don't get to break laws if I give some of my resulting profits to a good cause.  And he could raise the funds some other way, so breaking the law isn't necessary.  If he was allowed to continue to set up an illegal stall, then everyone else would just donate some profits and we'd be back to the same situation.
>If there's no legal way

There are thousands of legal ways he could raise money.
He's straddling the line during the straight sections of road even worse than in the roundabouts.
I don't personally know, but note that this driver seems to instantly know he's supposed to pull over.  If you'd done nothing and/or it was not normal to be stopped that way, would you not think that they were after the van in front of you?
Are you using the same wifi router that you used in Seattle?

Google has detectors on their Street View cars that note what wifi is around it, as often that is what is used to figure out your location when GPS is not available.
What about it?  Saw the guy on the news, he clearly indicated that he sometimes gave out free stuff to such people, but that was no the main purpose of his stall.  Somehow he feels that doing some good means he doesn't have to follow the law.  That's not the way things work.
That sounds like you haven't actually checked.  You need to contact your credit card company to find out the exact details; especially since you only have a certain amount of time to register a dispute with them.
Technology has continually become cheaper over the years.  While you can get a DVD player for the equivalent of a couple of hours salary, a VHS player in the 90's would have been many hundreds of dollars at a time when wage was almost half of what it is now.
Looks like a classic case of tunnel vision.
Well that's just going to cause confusion later.
I pay half of that and roam for free on all the networks plus in the US.
No, you're right, it's significantly cheaper than the big 3.  The Big 3 can't even come close.
The Everywhere plan is from before the Big Gig plan, I can give you a screen capture as I'm on it.  I grabbed it at the end of summer last year, just before Freedom significantly changed it's plans under the Big Gig promotion that started in October.  I got it for $50, thus why "Promo" and "50" are in the name.

https://imgur.com/Iyjiefi

The plans ever since Big Gig started have been called Everywhere Canada instead of Everywhere, here's a capture right of the website.

https://imgur.com/qc8cnmR
Wow, that's a pretty childish reaction.  "Oh, I didn't realize that." would have done just fine, no one is going to knock you for an innocent mistake.

And no, it wasn't one tower, again I'm talking about an entire town's towers not showing on that map.  That map has always been months behind.

Sorry you've had a bad experience with Freedom, but most people get perfectly fine service from it.
You should watch [the interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiNY231MfEQ).

He defends his treatment of the prisoner by stating they broke the laws and were found guilty by a judge, thus they no longer deserve to be part of society.

The interviewer points out:

* Arpaio broke the law and was found guilty by a judge, but now figures he should be in the Senate
* many of the inmates he housed in horrendous conditions were being held for trial, that is they hadn't been found guilty of anything.

He can't understand the logical fallacy no matter how simply it is explained to him.
> He simply rejects the idea and won't even acknowledge it.

Then why file this appeal?

If he feel uniquivably that the pardon vacates the guilty verdict, then there's no need for an appeal.
It may have been updated on that date, but it's being updated with info that itself is old.  It doesn't show towers that have been active for months, and thus if OPs incorrect assertion that there had been a recent expansion was true it probably wouldn't show on this map.

As an example, look for the Mission BC towers.
Nope, that one has a lot of evidence, which is why proper methods of deduction are way different than your method.
That's out of date.
The problem with that disclaimer is that CellMapper works pretty well the same, but it recognizes what network you are actually on each time.
You can assume things based on little to no evidence.

You'll be wrong most of the time.
Everywhere 60 is not current.  I think you're looking at Everywhere Canada 60.
I think you mean the Everywhere Canada 60, don't you?

Everywhere 60 is a plan from last year.

Easiest way to tell, does it include US roaming?  Since the new plan does not, they added "Canada" to distinguish it.
Your defintion of Metro Vancouver is incorrect.  You need to ask people "Do you live in either Metro Vancouver or Abbotsford?"

Metro Vancouver = the branding used by the Greater Vancouver Regional District (GVRD)

Abbotsford is in the Fraser Valley Regional District (FVRD)
>They only check your sight, nothing more. But you can wear glasses so everything is okay with that.

I never said anyone without 20/20 uncorrected vision can't drive.  Remember, we're talking about people with disabilities.  Rather than people with any vision issues at all, I specifically said:

>having bad enough vision

You should also remember that this was in response to your post where you said:

>a lot of people with disabilities are on the road which can't function like a normal person

But now you're trying to group people who wear glasses into people who cannot function like a normal person?

To give you some context, my grandfather's license was pulled when his vision got bad enough, and yet he could walk around and function just fine.

My mother-in-law has lost some of her peripheral vision.  If she loses any more she will lose her license, even though she still can read the label on a pill bottle and see distances just fine.

And my father became disabled after an accident, and that immediately meant he could not drive.  It took 2 years of intense recovery for him to regain his license.

>It's a fact that a lot of disabled people drive cars, legally.

Not if they can't function as a regular member of society, which is the criteria you put on this.

>There are a lot of autistic or deaf or slow or even epileptic people out there.

If you are mildly autistic and thus can function as a regular member of society, you probably can get a license.  If it is severe, you wouldn't be able to get one.

Deaf people can function as normal members of society, that's not a good example.

Epileptics cannnot drive.  I've known epileptics that never were able to get a license.  Depending on where you live, once you've had a seizure if you religiously take your medication and you go seizure free for anywhere from 6 months to 2 years it might be possible to get your license; but another seizure will instantly disqualify you.   Twenty years after my dad regained his license he started having seizures, and he was told right in the hospital after the first one that his driving privileges were now revoked.  His medication took it from happening many times a day to once every 5 months; he never regained his license again.

It is you that does not know what they are talking about.  You also can't manage to make a coherent argument that sticks with the same points.  Please stop, you're embarrassing yourself.
>How is your emphasis relevant? It's proof of what?

It shows you that after a parcel exceeds the $20 de minimus limit, the applicable trade agreements are used to calculate duty.  In other words, the duty rules for postal items aren't their own rules, but rather agreements such as NAFTA are what apply.

>And I know it was made in the USA because that fact is included in their marketing and sewn on the tag. Maybe it's misleading marketing or something

But again, it's quite possible assumptions were bad by customs as to the origin; they rarely open packages to check tags.  Ignore the check box, review your receipt which will break it down to exactly what was tax, what was duty, what was a broker fee, what was tax on the broker fee, etc.  If you paid duty, make some enquiries as to why and whether you can get it back.
How do you figure it's a legal distributor?
Repeating yourself does not suddenly make your correct.

Almost all clothing is made overseas, your's would be a rare case if it was actually made in the USA and thus if you paid duty assumptions were probably made and you should be applying to get it back.

Tell you what, why don't you post some evidence that supports your claim.  Here's mine showing that postal duty is based on the trade agreements in place, emphasis has been added by me:

>Duty is a tariff payable on an item imported to Canada. Rates of duty are established by the Department of Finance Canada and **can vary significantly from one trade agreement to another.**

and

>The amount of duty or taxes you may owe on an item also depends upon the following:
>
>* the item's value in Canadian dollars;
>* whether or not the item is a gift; and
>* ****any exemptions specified in related legislation****.

Source: https://www.cbsa-asfc.gc.ca/import/courier/menu-eng.html
That's not the way society works, you don't pick the biggest issue and then everything else is a free for all.  Your argument is akin to "There's an opiate crisis, so it's now OK to go twice the speed limit."
That's a good point.  I'll mention that the de minimis rule of ignoring sub $20 items came about to keep the government from spending more than it collected, and studies show that they are still doing so.  According to those studies, resetting the limit to $200 would then make the collection of tax and/or duty produce more than it costs to process.
Anecdotal reports is not evidence.

In addition, there is no way you paid $50 in duty for clothing made anywhere.  You would owe provincial tax and GST on that order, that will be part of your $60.  And if you (or the retailer) choose a poor shipping method, the shipping company likely acted as your customs broker and charged you $20 to $40 for that service, which you actually could have done yourself.

Please re-read your receipt, and if you paid any duty then you need to apply to get it back.
On the other hand, Canada has more than 2 parties.  We even have new parities form and parties that were once popular have to dissolve.
> Canada needs more online retailers that actually stock US product

This won't affect US product, that's already duty free.  This will affect products made overseas, imported into the US (with any import duties being paid to the US government) and then shipped to a Canadian.

Right now Canadian Customs don't even look at anything valued at $20 or less, and then once it is more than $20 they figure out if there is duty owing using the trade agreements (or lack thereof) we have with the country of origin.  So NAFTA would apply to a $500 item made in the US that you ordered through the mail.
It is $0 for those items that fall under the free trade agreement.

In other words, if it was made in the US or Mexico, it's almost certainly duty free.

What isn't free is if it was made overseas, was imported into the US, import duties were paid to the US government, and then it is shipped to a Canadian.

While I would benefit from this change, I can see the issues with it; many items destined for Canadian's homes will have the import duties go to the US government instead of the Canadian government.
Doesn't work that way in the US.  The better statement is:

... and that's why all the other countries can't understand why positions such as judge are elected rather than being a regular job where you are hired, fired, have standards to meet, etc.
It's not really filler, it's anti-caking.  Basically it's what keeps it from becoming a solid lump, which it used to do a lot more years ago.  I have childhood memories of trying to break up the giant clump stuck to the bottom with a knife or fork squeezed down the small dispensing hole.
That doesn't improve the context, his statement points out it could come from an apple.  Your post seems to argue as if you're sure of the source.

I asked because so far the only creditable sounding info in the thread is someone that says they work in a food grade cellulose factory who claims it's more often cotton.
I had the same allergy.

Dad had it worse.

He won.
I'll add to those with [this](http://www.inspection.gc.ca/about-the-cfia/newsroom/food-recall-warnings/complete-listing/2017-05-26/eng/1495854753520/1495854756704) and [this](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/flour-recall-cfia-e-coli-robin-hood-rogers-ardent-mills-1.41546444); the store shelves in Canada were pretty emtpy in the flour section last spring and summer.  Most people didn't get sick as baking/cooking killed an e-coli, but a lot of the victims got sick via raw cookie dough.
>And the added cellulose comes from wood pulp.

Source on that?
If there's a label, then already it's not 100% cheese.

Add a container, and it's even less of a percentage cheese.
Google issues things first to other countries than the US often, especially if it's planned to be multi-national.  This allows them to choose the size of the test group.  For example, issuing to Canada first can test something with a diverse group that is only 10% the size of the US.
It's cutting it a bit close, but you should be able to cab it to Aldergrove and take transit it the rest of the way.  https://goo.gl/2qo3a8.  You might want to make sure a cab is waiting for your at the airport.

The cab ride itself is about 15 minutes with the speed the cab will go that time of night, but give yourself at least 5 minutes to pay and such.

My worry if I was you would be that if your delayed then you have not alternative; would a hotel in Abbotsford or Langley not work for you?  Leaving from the Carvolth Exchange in the morning would get you downtown nice and early.  https://goo.gl/m4ujUx
They were just trying to bug me.

They too were in a pretty good tribe.  The tribe had paid for one of the main buildings on campus, with the stipulation that tribe members then get free tuition, thus why there were a lot attending.
Your not reading it wrong, that is what was being attempted; though of course we don't know the true stories for either with the small amount of detail in each report.

But the important thing to not is that for neither one had seizure occurred.  In both cases they were attempting to convince a judge to allow it.  Perhaps one or both of these might have been pushing the boundaries, but a judge must agree that it is justified before seizure can occur.

Contrast that with many areas of the US where seizure is done by the police at their discretion.  Many small towns are known to do traffic stops on the highways that pass by town where they do not even issue a ticket, but they'll seize all of the driver's money in his wallet because "It seems suspicious that you have $3000 on you".
You too need to research how it's used in the US to understand the difference.

Your money can be seized simply for existing.  No crime needs to have happened.

You can prove that it's legally obtained money and still will likely never see it again, or will have to spend years and lots of other money to get it back.

Your links give a bad example or too, which can happen in any system, but largely focus on the fact that it could be abused, not that it is constantly being abused such as seen in the US.

But yes, it, like almost everything else, could use improvement.
The trick would not be to go to dentists who open in border towns with the sole idea of doing cheap work for foreigners.

I vacation a lot further south.  The dentists are there for the locals, not for dental tourism.  They have modern offices, most went to US universities, and most are members of the ADA.  But as it's a place with lower costs and wages, the prices are quite reasonable.  If I didn't have full coverage at home, I'd consider it.
I'm Canadian but went to a US college, and a significant portion of the students were native.  Some of them were purposely trying to rile me up by talking within earshot of my about how glad they were American, as the Canadian natives were treated so poorly as far as they were concerned, as they had found out that Canadian natives don't have the same special provisions to get free health care.

I guess you could say there were sheltered in their own way, as they were sure surprised when I told them why it's not necessary for a special provision such as that.
I'm a Canadian living on the BC/Washington border, and for a time I lived in Idaho again on the Washington border.  In my experience most places in Washington state that the law requires that you have your ID on you no matter what.  My dad had a habit of forgetting it, I was 30 and always have my ID on me but he would be the one that kept us from getting served.
As does Man In The High Castle.
You need to research how civil forfeiture is abused in the US, and be glad we only use it in extreme cases.
It depends on the country you're in as to how proof works, but from your figures I'm guessing you're referring to US proof.

Asbsinthe is between 90 US proof and 148 US proof.  Traditionally it is mixed with anywhere from 3 to 5 parts water.

148 US proof = 74% ABV

Which could also be expressed 1 part asbsinthe has 0.74 parts alcohol.

Add 3 parts water and you'd have 0.74 / 4 = 18.5%

Add 4 parts like you desire and it's even lower.

Choose a lower proof and it's even lower.

To get /u/suspendersarecool's figure of 20% alcohol from 120 proof, he'd need to be mixing it with only 2 parts of water (assuming US proof).

I think you didn't know that because your phrased it as if you didn't know it.  It's not just me, the upvotes indicate that the majority also understood the same, so please do not act as if I missed something.  If you needed to phrase it better, just say "Ops" and clarify.  "Pull" means removing it from the store; I shouldn't have to read an article to see what you actually meant.

As for removing it from people's devices without their permissions, they've done that recently with other problem apps and received backlash for doing so without consent; not everyone will be satisfied no matter which way they go.
The words immediately before "disabled the developers' accounts" are literally "We’ve removed the apps from Play".  
I work with someone who isn't that great with computers in a job that has become completely computerized.  But he's a 30 year veteran of the job which he does well, can accomplish all his normal daily tasks, and only has to ask for help when something out of the ordinary or new happens.  That at least is acceptable, and when he retires in the next year or two his replacement will likely be completely computer savvy.
This.  I used to work a call center in the Pacific time zone.  We were 24 hour, but most of our calls came from North America.  5am is when when a lot of people started coming in to augment the graveyard shift, as offices were opening on the east coast.
It's in every single service you use, including the Reddit TOS.  What you write is automatically copyrighted, they need you to grant them rights to pass along a copy to the intended recipient.
Your having troubles picturing it because they rebuilt the mall.

The mall originally was an indoor mall it's entire length.  The east was an anchor department store, originally Woolco.  There was then an east-west hallway down the middle of individual stores until it reached Overwaitea at the far end.  London Drugs was also at that entrance door.

Walmart came to Canada by buying out the Woolco chain and converting them.  One of the last original converted Woolco's was the Walmart in Chilliwack, which only moved into a modern stand alone store in the past 6 or 7 years.

Eventually Overwaitea outgrew it's store and thus the new separated location was built to the west, it's now using the Save-On-Foods name.

London Drugs also wanted to expand so they moved into the old Overwaitea location.  Their old location was divided in half, Starbucks is now in half of it.

As the retail landscape changed, the mall tore down and rebuilt the east and centre portions of the main building, thus limiting the indoor portion to just the west side of the building.  The rebuild accommodated their new tenants such as Future Shop.
Government worker here; the only time we use the fax is when we have an elderly person that doesn't have the internet.

If you faxed us, we then had to take the paper copy and scan it to get it into digital format; then we shredded the fax copy.  Luckily our latest configuration does have the faxes go straight into PDF format with no paper involved, though figuring out which admin has access to the queue where those PDFs go can be tough since that person has usually changed since the last fax you got a year ago.
In my first year at university for MATH 100, Introduction to Calculus, there were thousands of students and thus some classes were taught just by TAs. I am from a very multicultural city where we are used to many accents and can normally figure out what is being said, but our instructor for our class of 30 people in a small room was a foreign student TA who we all could barely understand.

On the first day, at one point he referred to a "poke a nickel line".

We were of course confused and asked him what he meant.

"Poke a nickel line" he said again.

"????

"Poke a nickel line!" he almost yelled as he turned to the board to draw.

"Strip line" he said drawing a straight line horizontally line.

"Strip line" he said again drawing another line just above it.

"Oh, you mean perpendicular" exclaimed a classmate.

"That what a I say!" he replied.

The next day there was suddenly only 5 people in the class, everyone else transferred to another one across the hall.

The next week we were back up to 28 people. When I asked those that had returned if the instructor across the hall's accent was even worse, I was told "Oh, no, he doesn't have any accent; he just doesn't know what he's talking about."

Unfortunately, it was a necessary class, there was no dropping it.
I'm in a bachelor's program at UBC that can all be done online. Well over 90% of the classes use custom text books that the university prints and includes free in the package mailed to you for each class; though I hardly ever open them up as PDFs are also provided.

This isn't the norm, just for the particular program I am in.
As I indicated, there was more than just one or two factors.  If the factors you are claiming were the sole cause, production would not have been moved to countries with cheap labour that are even further from the market than before.

Labour both in the manufacture and the support are definitely one of the major contributors to the costs.
The example you've chosen is actually the industry I was in during those changes.

The price of a $3,000 notebook computer (laptop) went down to $300 due to that outsourcing along with other factors like cheaper parts and assembly in overseas factories.  I'm afraid that your claim that the savings were kept as profit are just wrong; there isn't much profit on a $300 notebook.
Doubtful.  But then I think I'm one of those guys that comes across has harmless, and thus when accidental contact occurs there's no embarrassment or need to immediately correct it.
Your country is currently trying to upend deals where you have a trade surplus.

Or where the deficit sounds massive, but that's only when you don't consider the total amount of trade, in which case you find out the deficit is just a small fraction of the total trade.

Domestic unemployment is not solved by being anti-trade.  Not trading will cause massive unemployment.  As an example, the US exports coal... they claim they want to turn that industry around but at the same time their anit-trade. Not trading is going to cause the loss of coal jobs (not that it's a bad thing, but it's an example).
I'm taking it that you don't understand how world trade benefits everyone.

If people in other countries are unemployed because you refuse to trade with them, they won't be buying an American goods or technology.

To be clear, there's nothing wrong with wanting to see a exploitive industry anywhere in the world be shut down, but if instead your reason is to insulate your country from world trade then your country will be the actual loser.
The most recent for me was a couple of weeks ago when our entire office was standing outside due to a (false) fire alarm.  I was explaining to a co-worker aspects about a work related drive she was going to make, and since we didn't have our computer available I was using Google Maps on my phone.  I had the phone in my left hand, and she positioned herself right beside me to look over my left shoulder, with her boob pressed up against my elbow.
This is a new, purposeful program by Google.  Until recently they didn't enter such roads.  I'm sure they wouldn't start such a program without a full legal opinion regarding it.
I assume it gets even worse if an artist's catalogue is owned by multiple companies.
So you don't know, thanks for confirming that also.
Next door to the Sikh Temple on South Fraser Way. 
  https://www.homehardware.ca/en/rec/index.htm/Outdoor-Living/Seasonal/Barbecues/Tabletop-Barbecues/Charcoal/119-sq-in-Disposable-Table-Top-Charcoal-Barbecue-With-Briquettes/_/N-ntmdr/R-I6420046
You posted a source **elsewhere** and then accuse me of ignoring that fact?!?!

Then you say that the story did not provide it's sources, and state this is their only source?  How do you know?

Top that off with you not even reading your own source, it says the plaintiff transferred her money via 9 individuals!  Thanks for providing a source that shows you misread all along.
The franchise in question was already paying everyone above minimum ($13 was their lowest pay) and had medical benefits with the franchise paying 100% of the benefits.  I'm curious to know if your friends location had similar beforehand and still managed an increase for everyone.
Apps don't have their own language packs; they use the language pack of the phone.  You need to change your phone's language.
That's an argument for no embargos at all... everyone just releases their patches as they produce them and whomever is first is the one that's safest.

Embargos are in place so that no bad actors get informed about the issue.  If your patch is ready but most aren't, but releasing yours you are announcing to the world that the issue exists.   OpenBSDs users in all likelihood weren't being hurt, but by releasing early everyone else's users had a much higher chance of being hurt.
No, you're not.  At no time did you quote from "the source".  You quoted something about the limits per person, but that had nothing to do with where the money came from in this case.  "They probably just get a group of people together and each contribute $50,000 a year" is supposition on your part, not a quote from any source.
It was on Global News' evening broadcast yesterday.
Actually, when someone tells you the "facts" and you say it's different in practise, that really doesn't indicate that you know that it's not different in practice.
>and owners of multiple (thinking more than 2) dwellings.

You mean landlords?  That should help drive the price of renting up even higher.
No, most people didn't buy their property yesterday.

In today's market, even if you're a fairly new entrant into the market who has just owned a property for 2 years and haven't made a dent in the mortgage yet, it's probably worth twice what you owe.

For most they will have paid off part of their mortgage and they will have seen even higher gains in value, so most owe just a fraction of the value.
Not really.  I work in government, I deal with companies that own property all the time.  Most are numbered only, no names.  I can't think of a single one that wasn't owned by Canadians.

Most people that set up a company do it for tax reasons, not for branding purposes.  In other words their accountant tells them "Register a company and transfer everything into it's name, and your taxes will be reduced by XX."  Those people are doing it just for that purpose and could care less about coming up for a name for it.  When I do see company names it's more often for vanity purposes; they give the company a name they always wanted to use, but in reality that company does no actual trade with others and thus the name is pointless and only known to the owners.
Much of the US works on 3 to 5 year re-assessment cycles, as they don't have their own staff for it but instead contract out to companies like Tyler Tech during their reassessment years.

But if you check back the author did revise what he said, he was mis-remembering that the rental was for income tax purposes.
Double net rents can be negotiated; it's up to the tenant to decide what they want to negotiate.
They aren't.

If it's zoned as it's currently being used, that's how they are taxed.

It's when the zoning changes that the changes occur.  If you can now build a multi-million dollar skyrise condo with commercial on the main level, people will now pay a lot more for the property; thus the assessment goes up to reflect the current value.

It would be up to the city, who is both setting the zoning and setting the tax rates, to offer relief for such situations.
My old neighbour had OCD, and if he forgot to take his meds he would vacuum so thoroughly that it would take 1 1/2 hours.  He's start at the far end at 1:00am, and at 2:30 would be vacuuming over our bed.

He sold, and the new owner is a heel walker (stomper) who will walk around her condo no-stop for 2 hours starting at 11:30 pm.  At least the entire building's complaints got her to stop the screaming sex sessions.
In your math you forgot that other expenses will go up also.  The suppliers will also be hit by this wage hike, and they will raise their prices.  So it's not just an 8% hike in operating costs.
>Worker productivity has been increasing steadily for the past 40 years

I'll repeat what /u/geoper said, where is this increase in worker productivity coming from.

You can't point to an overall stat about the 40 year worker productivity when your original statement was about not increasing wages over the years, as Tim Hortons' employees where not getting $11.60 40 years ago.

That's also not to mention that a 40 year stat about worker productivity reflects computerization, automation, etc.  The doughnut and coffee plants have probably gotten a lot more efficient, but pouring coffee, taking money and wishing customers a nice day has not since great advances in efficiency.
More often it's Googlers that do the confirming, but sometimes it can be other LGs.
The article made it clear that it all was her money in China, and then was all her money once in Canada.  The nine people were just mules; it even says in the article that it's just like how drug money is moved across borders (I'm sure you've heard of mules in that industry).
You seem to think MLS is where real estate purchases are tracked.

Those purchases are tracked at BC Land Titles.  You are free to get the information there.
I think you're misreading the article.  This wasn't 9 people each transferring $50,000 of their funds (which would be legal), this was one person using 9 mules to transfer $450,000 of her money.  So she was most definitely in violation.
15 years ago I would have agreed.

But now there's not really any issues.  It's especially handy when I'm out in a rural area and want to get into our system with nothing more than a hotspot from a cell phone.
City did not say it's legal; Global News asked the city, the city sent an inspector, and the inspector told them to shut it off.
I'm getting old... I couldn't hear in on the news and now I can't hear it on your video :(
You're LG level makes no difference, after all having reviewed a bunch of places or taken a lot of pictures doesn't demonstrate that you know the naming rules for POIs.  It's completely based on past similar edits, just as it was in the days of Map Maker; as that's what demonstrates that you know how to make good edits.

Also remember that being an LG is not required to edit the map, thus why the LG level has nothing to do with editing trust.
>If I use my phone to look on the restaurant, it says 'A user has suggested the following phone number: 'mom's number'.

That means your Mom's edit to fix it is pending, and likely one day she'll get a call from someone looking for the restaurant who is actually a Google employee checking up on it.  Tell her to answer all calls politely.

If you can find out the actual phone number, editing it to add the correct phone number rather than trying to blank what is there has a better chance of success.
There is no such support, the forums are the support.

Being LG won't make a difference.  Having high editing trust will; but it takes hundreds of edits of the same type to earn such trust.

I have that trust and could probably make the edit... but part of the trust is based on following the rules.  The rule for editing the map is to only make edits from your personal knowledge, with the exception of things that can be seen in the imagery Google supplies (aerials and Street View) or on the places one website.
Yep :)
Yeah, except I've never seen one of those; up here they're combo Taco Bell and KFC.
Ops, you're right, my bad... I think in metric and screws those up sometimes.
>The problem here is that the staff that deal with the charge-master and the staff that deal with ordering labs are completely disconnected.

Canadian here, every doctor I've ever had has just one employee.  I'm confused.
I think we all have our own opinions on that one.  I'd place it even earlier.
And still owned them 15 years ago; the time frame that /u/swampswing was seeking.
You have not taken a loss, rather your operating costs are now 2 million.

As I said, you don't understand profit and loss.
I'm not conflating them.  Dry goods are measured by volume also.  The way the US dry measure system works is:

1 US bushel =

* 4 US pecks
* 8 US dry gallons
* 48 US dry quarts
* 64 US dry pints

For commerce purposes, though, actual volume of dry goods is no longer used and instead standard weights have been substituted; so for example a bushel of wheat has been standardized to be 32 lbs.

A US liquid gallon = 231 cubic inches while US dry gallon = 268.8025 cubic inches.
No, I do not think that, and I've not said anything close to that.  Please stop trying to change the topic from what you said.

>Profit is the amount left over after operating costs.

A better phrasing would be: If the amount after operating costs is positive, that is a profit.

And then the corresponding phrase is:  If the amount after operating costs is negative, that is a loss.

You can't have both.
They spun it off in 2006.  Profitable companies don't just buy things and hold onto them; selling at the right time is also a way to increase profits.
>I do perfectly.

No, you don't.  They are opposites. You make a profit or a loss, not both at once.

>I don't think you understand some people don't think maximum profit at the expense of the lower paid workers is worth it.

That has nothing to do with my post.
The US actually has two different gallons; the dry gallon and the wet gallon.  And since a pint is defined as ~~20%~~ 1/8th of a gallon, the US has two different pints (which are still both smaller than an imperial pint).
Most 16 ounce "pint" glasses I've ever seen have room for both the beer and the head; in fact many have a pour line on it that shows the 16 ounce mark.

But that still wouldn't work in Canada and the UK, a pint is 20 ounces.
"Can I get a pint please" in many bars means "I'll have a pint of the house beer" and would not get a response of "A pint of what?". Perhaps their hoping that people who are used to saying that will end up getting their beer.
> Or maybe they could accept the fact that they may have to take a loss while still being profitable?

I don't think you understand what loss and profit mean.
That speaks about their personal wealth and nothing about the franchise.
Who goes through the drive thru and is done their coffee before they leave the property?
If you read even further they are the children of the founder; it's more likely their money comes from that fact and doesn't show if the store is profitable or not.
Given that the minimum wage increase is specifically just in Ontario, I'm not sure what you're trying point out.
Wendy's owned them 15 years ago, that's why there is a lot of co-located Wendy's and Timmy's.
Yes, but that's normally just something you see one year and then it balances out the next.

My condo went up 14 points more than the average for condos in my area, and the average condo in my area went up more the detached homes.  So I will see a tax increase this year.

But I'm seeing that increase this year because we're playing catch-up; last year detached homes in my area shot up much more than condos and my taxes went down.  This year my taxes will likely be close to what they were 2 years ago.
It's just balancing it out.  Last year most condo owners paid less property taxes because houses went up so much more.  This year the condos have played catch up to bring it back to where it was before.
The lease is a contract.

Malls charge much less rent per square foot to those stores that attract business to the mall; such as the anchors.  I have no knowledge of that particular case, but I can imagine that an argument could be made that they were given years of below market rent in exchange for agreeing to place their store in the mall for X number of years.
It's not really necessary for a separate site to exist anymore where people use the map to add GPS info to their photos; most people are using their phones as their cameras now and the geo-tagging is already done at the time of the picture.  For those that aren't, Google Photos has the geo-tagging functionality of Panoramio as a one of it's many features.

So what took a separate sight can now just be part of Google Photos.

In a very short time you'll see Panoramio replaced and will still be able to browse other people's photos on Maps and Earth.
Actually, yes, that's would be included in "wholly-owned".  You've missed the point, they don't own the photos.

And no, they cannot publish other people's photos.  They need their permission.  Permission was given to publish them on one platform.  Perhaps there could have been a clause to allow transfer of those rights; but hiding such clauses in TOS's and then using them is not how you keep the public's trust.

Again, it's not dead, those that approved the transfer of their photos from one platform to another will see them very soon in that new platform.
That's mighty racist of you... care to provide evidence?
>The US has more illegal aliens (possibly 11 million) than Denmark has PEOPLE. LA's alone would account for 1/5th of the entire danish population.

I'm not sure how that is relevant when your total population is many times the magnitude.  You haven't proven that the US has a much larger percentage of immigrants than other nations.

Other nations have opened their doors many times to large immigration influxes and haven't suffered.  It is accepted in the developed world that immigration strengthens countries, not weakens them.
Economies Of Scale is the reason, which basically means that as things get bigger they get cheaper per person...

.. wait, that doesn't work.
It worked on mine, but as others have said it doesn't show up until your next bill.

My fear was based on everyone saying it doesn't apply to out of market plans, but that's not actually true.  There is a document out there that gives the terms for the current F&F discount, and it lists the current in market plans plus the ones just before the current plans, including the Promo $50 Everywhere.
You can't bring something unrelated into the argument and expect someone to address it without context.  You've provided zero proof of the issue.  Your using it to support not believing 3rd party sources on another issue.  You're argument is non-existent.  I'm done.
There's tens of thousands of farmers producing many other products to whom these rules also apply, and they manage to follow them without the need to test every batch of product they release.
One thing you need to remember is that the MSFT app is using the API, but the Android and IOS app are Google apps built in house.  You really can't compare them.  TOS's also get updated, and those that are grandfathered might not need to immediately comply.  The question would be if other 3rd party users of the Youtube API that started their app under the same version of the API TOS were treated differently.
The API TOS is an agreement.
It is referenced multiple times in multiple sources that they had such an agreement and neither side denied the reports, but of course you and I will never see the exact paperwork.

What is known is the API TOS.  The TOS at that time required HTML5 going forward.  By using it, Microsoft agreed to the requirement.

But I've made the mistake of mixing up timelines; where you argue about the lack of a advertisement API was from when Micorosoft wasn't using the API, but rather reverse engineered it and released a product that allowed downloads, didn't have ads, and didn't allow geographic blocking.  When that got blocked is when they said "we didn't include ads because you didn't make an ads API".  The real issue was that they weren't using the existing Youtube API at all.
So your argument is based solely on one side of the story and you refuse anything else.  Well then there's no point in talking with your or even considering your point of view.
You're reading the wrong sources.  Rather than using what was available, they reverse engineered Google's apps and released a version with no ads, the ability to download videos and no ability be content creators to block by geography.  Blocking that wasn't an anticompetitive practice.

https://www.theverge.com/2013/8/16/4627342/microsoft-google-battle-over-youtube-windows-phone
Then how did the app have ads and work fine, and then suddenly it stopped serving ads and got blocked?  If Microsoft never had this API you claim is necessary, then what actually happened couldn't have happened.

Microsoft themselves said they wanted to add custom features to the Youtube app and said this caused the blocking of the ads and the necessity for Google to create a custom advertising API for them.  I suggest you go to a company that has a working API and tell them you don't want to use it, you want a custom one made for you instead.  See how well that works.
I'm sorry, but you're argument for Microsoft to say "We agreed to do X, but since other's are doing X we decided we don't have to follow the agreement" simply doesn't work.  Focus on the actual topic; the argument here was that Microsoft did nothing wrong and got blocked; and your own statements prove that wrong.

>Surely the developers for Android and iOS would have been given a timetable, and if they did, it would be fair to assume the same timetable was in place for all developers?

That's horrible logic, and is the reason you got a condescending reply; you are using a 5 year old's argument.  If the agreement Microsoft signed said only HTML 5, then they don't get to modify the agreement by saying "but others have different timelines".
There is no need for a advertising API, the Youtube API serves them up on their own.  Microsoft was blocking that.
You need to research better.  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-01/amazon-will-ban-sale-of-apple-google-video-streaming-devices
"But Billy did it" is an argument you should have learned doesn't work when you were 5.

Those were also existing apps that needed upgrading, not brand new apps where agreements were signed from day 1 that it would be HTML 5 only.
So then even Microsoft admits they were in the wrong.
>Google has done just as bad with Microsoft on the Windows Platform. 

You perhaps should learn what actually happened.  Microsoft was acting just like Amazon is now.

>they refused to even let Microsoft build a YouTube app that works on their platform.

They actually worked on the app with Microsoft, there was a signed agreement as to exactly what it was to entail.  And then Microsoft released something else; an app that blocked Google's ads.

Amazon and Microsoft both want the benefit that having Youtube brings to their platforms while at the same time trying to keep Google from making money.  Streaming video is a huge expense, no one is going to provide it for free.

Be reasonable, if you had a website and a certain platform when out of the way to block elements of your specific site, including any ads you had to pay for the content, you'd probably respond by blocking that platform.  And no one would blame you.
>It's very easy for Amazon to fix this mess. Just allow Prime video to be casted to a Chromecast and have your customers use YouTube too.

It's more than just this.  Amazon also will not sell any of the Google products, and bans any 3rd party sellers from doing so also.
No, he isn't.

Maybe his lack of pizza snobbery makes it hard for him to judge the exact rankings at the bottom of the barrel, but the fact is Pizza Hut has really bad pizza.  Since you seem to be more of a pizza snob, we'll trust you on just which of the bottom rungs it gets.
>The thing is, a lot of people with disabilities are on the road which can't function like a normal person, even with already heavy restrictions.

Not legally they aren't.

Just having bad enough vision or poor reaction time is enough of a disability to keep you off the road.  That's not discrimination, that's common sense.  You obviously don't know the actual meaning of discrimination.

If you want to argue the mistake aspect, get into another sub-thread.  Your just plain wrong here, if there is a disability that prevents someone from properly operating a vehicle then they are not supposed to be operating a vehicle on public roads.
>wholly-owned

No, it's not.  Google always lets you retain copyright to your photos.  You just gave them rights to publish it in Panoramio, so they would need you to update those rights to publish it in Maps.

If you linked your Panoamio and Google account before the November deadline then that's exactly what will be happening..
Exactly, the sample map is also of a real place.  Google Maps along with it's related APIs and associated programs aren't make a map applications, rather they are designed to allow you to make your own custom map on top of the premade base map.  Imaginary features can be added onto your own private map, but it must be overlayed onto (a portion of) the real world map.
>So your point is?

Unlike yourself, I made very clear statements.  I summarized it by putting my point in the very last sentence.

>Just because someone on a bike didn't react fast enough and possibly was paralyzed for a moment due to the loudness 

That's being discussed as a possibility in other threads, don't try to change the topic.  Your statement was clearly in reaction to the proposal that this person might have a disability, you should be able to defend what you said rather than saying it could be something else.

>Or just if he did it because of a disability, because disabled people making mistakes are worse than those just being idiots or oblivious? Whatever.

OK... so where's you actual statement?  Your argument still has no logic.  A question is not a statement.  "Whatever" shows you have nothing.

No one is making anti-disability statements here, so you can get off any high horse you think you're entitled to and try to actually make proper arguments.  Are you proposing we should not have restrictions on people with disabilities operating vehicles on public roads?  There's hardly anyone that would agree with you, so you'll need to actually make a proper argument.
He didn't say if a mistake stops you...

And he was not acting as a pedestrian on the sidewalk, he was a vehicle on the road; which in most places is how bikes must act.

None of your arguments are logical.
"may" does not equal "would have".
That shows they must be busy, I normally get even faster responses from them.
FYI, the official help forums for the APIs are over on Stackexchange.
You can also ask Google Assistant to take a screenshot.
I agree, I too have desirable user names and I too get the same messages all the time.
If he's getting the emails all the time then there's no need to update; rather this shows their not getting in.

Thanks to being an early adopter the wife and I both have an extremely desirable names on several social media platforms.  We both get reset requests all the time because our random 20 character passwords on each are not guessable.  That doesn't show us that we need to change anything; but rather just shows that either:

1. People are too stupid to remember that their login is NAME56468 instead of NAME, or
1. People hope that there will be a simple "Press here if you didn't get the email" option for the reset process?
Hey, it's better than an paper that doesn't apply at all.

Since you haven't been able to actually form a logical argument or provide sources that apply, we're done.  Bye.
What you are asking is unclear.

Are you trying to drop a pin in Google Maps or Google My Maps?

What is the end goal here?  How would this differ from simply downloading the photos off of your phone or off of Google Photos?
The amount of the Ontario raise and the studies of "modest increases" are most definitely of

And I have looked at this myself already.  If you're going to use Google searches, you need to properly set your parameters and only look at the few cases were similar large raises have been made.  That will consistently get you results that show the exact opposite of what your trying o say.  As an example, the very first link in a search I just made is https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/06/26/new-study-casts-doubt-on-whether-a-15-minimum-wage-really-helps-workers/?utm_term=.13f9e97acb3b.
From the first paragraph:

>The weight of that evidence points to little or no employment
response to modest increases in the minimum wage. 

It then quotes studies of increases in the 20 to 30 cent range.

A rise of 30% is not "minor".  Your source does not apply.

Since you can't explain your position when challenged and can only provide links to studies that don't apply, I guess we're done.
As you have nothing to contribute here, I guess we're done.
>Which COMPANY (e.g. yours)

I'm not the person that made that comment.

I'm not getting hung up on semantics. rather you haven't known what your talking about right from when you first butted in.
I'm talking about that not being a request for a list of companies that pay that rate, which is what you said was asked.

You also implied my statement was not appropriate to what was posted.  The person posting was surprised that someone on salary  is not making a huge amount per hour.  My statement was quite appropriate in response to that statement.

Please slow down, read, and comprehend.
No, that was never asked.
> If a company goes under

We're not talking about companies that go under. 

Almost all companies have multiple products at multiple price points.  Producing less does not equal going under.  It just means less people employed.


>a few months to balance prices

You can't balance prices for products that people will pay $13 for, but not $18.  There won't be a balance, there will be less options and fewer jobs.

If you think otherwise, please provide a solid outline of how that will work; as so far you've just given opinions that aren't thought out and are easy to disprove.  If you want your thoughts to be considered, back them up with some proper logic.
All successful companies already employ that model.

You need to take a few courses in economics.
No, that's not what you're saying at all.  Perhaps you're not understanding.

A company might expect 20 units of work from someone getting paid $11 an hour.  They'll push for 22, but 20 is all that's going to happen; pushing for 22 is what keeps it from slipping to 16.

At the same time they'll expect 28 units of work from someone getting $15 an hour.  They'l push for 20, but 28 is all that's going to happen.

You focused on the fact that they push for 22 units from the low wage employee.

The actual point I was making is that the company will stop making products that require 20 units of work to produce but only sell for $13 as there will no longer be profit in it.

They also will expect anyone that is remaining to do at least 28 units of work.  If not, there will be no point in keeping you on.
Again, that's not how things work.

Companies don't employee X number of workers, make one single product, and only make one of tha product a day.

Companies will trim the number of products offered, number of products produced, etc. with resulting losses of hours and/or jobs while still continuing to operate profitably.
I said close.  And that's not the full context.

It comes down to you made one price statement and someone else made another price statement.  I looked up actual prices and found his statement to be closer to reality.  Swearing at me is not going to make you any less wrong.
In a higher wage job where they expect even more from you.

Despite what you might think, most employers realize they are only going to get so much production out of their lowest paid employees.  Yes, they'll push for more, but they do that at all levels; that has nothing to do with the wage level.
I never said "no matter the wage".

You still have to make up your mind which way you're going to argue, you're trying to claim two opposite things.
I said $3.99.  If you're going to swear at someone trying to have a conversation with you and not even read correctly, I've got better things to do.
> Except if a business constantly ran on paper thin margins they would eventually go out of business.

How in the world do you figure that?  That's some weird math, please explain it in full.

>Their employees will find new jobs.

Where?  Were are these magic new jobs going to come from?  There is already unemployment out there.  If there are more people seeking jobs than there are jobs available and then there are even less jobs available, that does not result in everyone finding a job.  That's some more bad math I'll like you to actually explain.

If your going to respond, please provide some actual logic for your statements.
So now you say people will be sent home, when you just said I was full of bullshit that any hours will be lost.

Make up your mind.
That's not how it works.  A company can stay in business but produce less.

Or expect more production out of the employees that remain; which is normally what is expected from the higher paid employees.
I'm not really sure, it's just something that many, including myself, have observed over the past few months.
>Really? Because if most businesses ran on paper thin margins most businesses would... go out of business...

No, there is a different between a thin margin and a loss.

That's what a free market does; it drives down the margins.  f a business is making "hand over fists profits" then a competing business will undercut them.  The only ones that make huge profits are the ones where there are barriers to competition.

>Anywhere that can't afford to pay a couple more dollars an hour to employees so they can comfortably live doesn't deserve to remain open. If the only reason you're succeeding is because you're hurting other people, then I don't have an problems with you going out of business.

So you have no problem with a bunch of people losing their jobs?

Your statements and responses show that you obviously have little idea how economics work.  No one was "scare mongering" you, they were trying to actually teach you how the real world works.
The fact that some work is worth being done an $11 an hour, but not at $15.

I've worked low paying jobs before.  If it's slow you'll be sent to sweep up or something similar, but the higher wage employees will be sent home.

And it's not must my thoughts, it's the thoughts of economists.
If everything shifts up to match the new wage, then why raise the wage?
"Hand over fist profits"???

I take it you don't actually realize that most businesses run on thin margins.
It also doesn't cost what you stated either.

I just looked up the regular price at my local Superstore; it's 3.99 a pound.  It thus will get close to $1.99 during sales.  $6.67 is closer to the price of a sirloin steak.
I don't think you understand how many companies use salaried positions.  Often it's to get extra hours out of an employee without extra pay.
Your scenario depends on everyone keeping their jobs and their current hours of work.

You are delusional if you think that will actually occur.

Some people will make more.

Other people will be making the same because they will have their hours cut back.

Others will make less due to the same reason, or even lose their jobs.

Add to it that new entrants to the workforce will have a much harder time getting a job that provides them work experience so that they may advance.  There is also that the raise is not being made dependent on the cost of living of an area, but is the same across the board; such raises are expected to really impact rural areas a lot harder than large cities.

There will possibly be some extra money in the economy, but your vision that everyone with a low paying job will automatically get a raise is just not reaistic.
Removing a place in Google Business simply releases the claim on it, it does not remove it from the map.  You will need to submit an edit on the map itself to delete it, and that will only be approved if the place does not qualify to be on the map in the first place.
>Do they have an iPhone app that you know of?

They do not.  From their FAQs:

**Why don't you have an iOS app?**

*Apple doesn't allow apps to use the network info API.*
By the way, you might have missed my edit above with a specific link to some towers.
Cell Mapper gets them the same way as Open Signal; people driving by with their app running.  Users can then update them further.  You can click on an individual tower for details.
For the tower locator I can see towers completely missing in areas to which they expanded over a month ago.  They also don't appear to be on Open Signal, but have been on Cell Mapper for weeks now.

Edit:  Here you go, here's a [selection of towers](https://www.cellmapper.net/map?MCC=302&MNC=490&type=LTE&latitude=49.14814817902131&longitude=-122.30964096464845&zoom=13&showTowers=true&clusterEnabled=true&tilesEnabled=true&heatMapEnabled=false&showOrphans=false&showNoFrequencyOnly=false&showFrequencyOnly=false&showBandwidthOnly=false&DateFilterType=FirstSeen&showHex=false&showVerifiedOnly=false&showUnverifiedOnly=false&showLTECAOnly=false&showBand=0) that aren't on either resource to which you linked.  They're actually nearly 2 months old.  You'll find that Freedom's coverage map does also acknowledge their existence.
That map is no longer up to date, likely because Freedom hadn't been updating [their Tumblr](http://networkupdates.freedommobile.ca/) at all for a few months, and now seems to have done an update but has missed multiple new towers.
They changed things; now generally you won't get a data connection, but you will get roaming phone and text within the Home zone if all you can get is an Away connection.
My father never forgot my dog throughout his dementia.  His last day conscious two days before he passed I had the dog on the floor due to his frail state, but when one of the nurses said "Duncan is here" he tilted his head back and called out "Duncan Doughnut!" (his nickname for my dog) to call him up onto the bed.  Even though it was almost daily, every visit from the dog excited him.
>We ~~do~~ did this because it represents who we are. It ~~is~~ was our American way.

FTFY
Medallions and licenses are two different things.
>Things like requiring a taxi license is literally the definition of protecting the taxis.

No, that's requiring that they have certain education.  It's not a restricted class, anyone can go get a taxi license; just like anyone can get a regular driver's license, a motorcycle license or a trucker's license if they meet the requirements, learn the material an pass a test.  You haven't found something that is "protecting the taxi industry", rather you're found something that protects passengers and everyone else on the road.  In other words, you've found yet another way that Uber screws the public for their own benefit.
Yes, Telus would need to work a deal to get their equipment in there, but Freedom roams on all of the big 3.  My package includes such roaming at no charge.
I'd prefer them to spend the money on towers elsewhere; it's not like this is a lot of people's home or work locations and they'll thus be without a signal for large parts of the day.  If you really need to make a call in the few minutes your in a tunnel you can do so via roaming on the Rogers network.
I'm going based on what was said in the past, so take it with a grain of salt.  People might have been basing it on the fact that Rogers paid for the equipment, or they might have actual knowledge.

Edit: Here's a news article where a Rogers spokesman says the other carriers must now work with Rogers to gain access.  http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/skytrain-tunnel-gets-high-speed-internet-1.3691748
Yes, phone tapping would make a lot more sense.
Not quite.  Translink signed a contract with Rogers; it's Rogers' equipment in the tunnels.  The equipment is set up to handle up to four providers, but now the other providers need to deal with Rogers, not Translink.
That's from long ago in the past; debit and credit cards being combined was a thing in the 90's.  There was a law passed that they had to be separated because of concerns about people using credit when they didn't intend to do so.
Understood... those were just my initial thoughts.  Then you said it came from the fridge, and I thought "Oh, so not his fault at all."

Sorry you're having such issues right now, not really your or his fault.
So you still can't come up with anything yourself.. that's the concept I have grasped.  You have heard there are bad things and are spouting it off yourself, without actually having encountered it yourself nor without confirming it's true.

When asked over and over for details, all you can do is generalize and deflect.  It is clear that you really have no idea of what you are speaking.
Maybe that's the high for the day?  The last time my aunt convinced everyone to come to Alberta for Christmas it warmed up to -30 each day, and then went down to -40 each night.  We're all from there; there's a reason everyone except her family moved away.
My thoughts when I read your post... did he take it from where it was displayed and drink it warm?  How does a sentimental bottle of souvenir beer end up in a drinkable state?
The current plans are set up so that for most there is one with and one without talk.  The difference is normally $10.  If I were currently looking I might consider the no talk ones; I don't talk enough to need it.
Read the side of the box when you buy them; there's now quite the range in the expected lifetime.
You keep making generalized statements with nothing to back them up.  To be honest it makes it seem like you have no facts at all and are just making assumptions.  It also seems like you might not know how a digital map works.

If you don't limit what can be mapped, people will map "Pretty rock".  So yes, there does have to be limits as to what are POIs.

Beyond that, what value judgements are they making?
You appear to not know what "backed" means.
Would you like to point me to anything in the world that is completely accurate?

Especially when it's a work in progress.

If they started with a completely accurate database that had every one of the billion or so items in the world that should be on the map and then purposely deleted things then maybe your theories would hold water.  But for them to be trying to add every road, business and similar items while you complain that they aren't already finished is not a sign that we all need to worry.

If something is missing, why don't you add it?  The tools are there to do so.

If you can't be bothered to do so, then don't complain that someone else hasn't gotten around to it yet.  Mapping the world is incredibly complex, not having it perfect is not a conspiracy.

I'm still curious to see if you can support your statement, as you started off implying that Maps is something that little trust should be placed within, but you haven't backed it up at all.  Do you have anything that shows that we shouldn't have much faith in Google's POIs?  Or were you overstating and meant to say that it's not perfect (which is to be expected)?

No, they do not, that would be a violation of copyright.
Doing anything in life "could be a mistake".

And a generalization about the evils of a corporation is not proof either.

What exactly is wrong with Google's POIs?
>Frankly, it's totally unwise to place too much faith in Google places of interest

Do you care to support that statement at all?
Technically correct, but not how it really works.

A colleague at work hired a nanny via the TFW program.  As soon as she passes two years employment she qualifies for PR via one of the "available streams"; her sister did it before her and every nanny in online TFW hiring groups they joined also qualified as soon as they surpass 2 years.  The trick is that that work term is 2 years, so she doesn't qualify unless he extends her contract. She's a shit worker and affordable daycare is finally opening near him, so he won't be extending her; but someone else in that support group plans to hire her since they won't then have to pay to recruit and fly someone over.

So yes, it's technically not part of the TFW, but the reality is that other programs do grant you PR status as a reward for doing 2+ years of TWF.
I'm old enough to remember that the better snow handling was one of the things that made FWD popular when it first started to become mainstream.

When we had both FWD and RWD vehicles, the only reason RWD came out during a snowfall was to go to an empty parking lot and do doughnuts; their tendency to slide in turns is a benefit then.
>BC Assessment value is really irrelevant in Vancouver Real Estate market.

Only in that it's the value as of July 2016, thus it will be lower than the current market value.

Especially in the current market; the assessed value is what it was worth July 1 of 2016.

But the assessed value will be based on what lots like that sell for... without consideration for any headaches that city hall creates in the building process.
Question from a non-American...

Should someone like this actually make it to the bench, could the incompetence of the judge be a valid reason for appeal?
It really depends on when you activated it.  I have another 7 months to go.
It ends tomorrow (but will likely get extended if the competition also extends their last minute specials), but this plan includes unlimited US and Canada long distance.

https://mobilesyrup.com/2017/12/16/freedom-hits-back-big-three-promo-plans-5010gb-plan/

Do you go to the US often?  If so there's a different plan that is out of market but you still might be able to grab.
Decades is the amount of time chicken was sold with water being injected.

5 to 6 years ago is when it started.

>You also claimed that it's been happening to you over the past 5-6 years so if my interpretation of what you're saying is "I do so *now" then it really took you that long to look at the label? That's some pretty slow learning.

So you automatically assume that because this started 5 to 6 years ago, I'm too stupid to learn to avoid it?  Now you're just being an insulting asshole.  I've got better things to do with my time, go troll somewhere else, I'm done with you.
The battery running out is not really an "issue" that indicates that other's are soon to come, rather a battery running out is expected.
I do so know, but it was that it was not something to be considered for decades, and then suddenly chicken shed water like crazy while cooking.  That's not the fault of the buyer when it was never an issue before.
You have not done much cooking with chicken to think it's always fat.  For the past 5 or 6 years I've gotten the same results cooking boneless, skinless chicken breasts if I buy from Superstore and a few other retailers; but have no such issues with Costco and other select retailer's chicken.
Last minute is normally a lot cheaper due to them wanting to sell empty plane seats and rooms.  I've flown last minute to Cancun for $50 plus tax.

But you're picking the busiest week of the year for the tropical resorts; Christmas week normally has a special rate that they charge that's even higher than "high season" rates.

With that said, you need to go to sites and browse; the deals are all going to depend on empty rooms in the destinations you look at and empty plane seats on the specific flights from your city.  If you're close enough, consider looking at multiple airports, they will differ in pricing for the same resort depending on the room left on the plane.
Having a prescription for pot has little to do with dispensaries; medical pot is purchased directly from the grower via mail.
I'm not in the US either.  Street View is in many countries.
I live in the least snowy part of Canada, but when it dumped a couple of feet while I had my learner's license my dad took me to a big parking lot and made me do skids and recoveries for few hour.  It's been instinctive ever since.

Of everything I ever learned about driving that was probably one of the most valuable.
Since you and Bell have different interpretations, let's look at how the CRTC says it should be interpreted.  From the CRTC website, notice the the portion I've bolded:


>What can you do if you already own a locked phone?
>
>>Service providers will have to unlock your device for free if it’s locked to their network **and you’re paying for services on their network**.

[Source](https://crtc.gc.ca/eng/contact/phone/q19.htm)
Nope, that's just industry standard, it was the same where I worked too; that's what they clients expect.
I used to work at a call centre that took Comcast calls.  I was on a different contract, but all the clients all expected the same level of quality monitoring.. you're estimates are way too low.

There might be only one quality person assigned to 50 people; but then managers also perform qualities.  And so do seniors.  And it's not just in house, the quality department of the client also listens to calls to monitor what they are receiving from each centre.

Each and every agent received a weekly coaching based on 2 of their calls that were listened to by in house people.  More calls than that would have been listened to, but two would be selected for the coaching.  Your estimates are either way too low, or you didn't work in a tech related centre.
Mirroring is not the main functionality of the product.  And if you're a software engineer you wouldn't have any such expectations.
Notice that once he puts all the blades in his mouth, he "drinks" twice from a cup.  That makes it easy to switch the loose blades with a prestrung set.
This is correct, except they are collecting the info not via other people's phones, but rather via their Street View cars.
Well yes... but that also involves not starting the metre.
Funny, I swore I saw it just a month or two ago.  But I'm not surprised it's gone.
Have you check Google Music's podcast section recently?  I've been finding more and more of my podcasts on it that weren't there before.
Just texts?  Rogers/Fido have $100 a year plans for texting only.
Thanks, but I'm quite aware of what a podcast app does; your statement is unrelated to what he's said and what I've thus asked.
This isn't the 1950's.  If the meter was running, there's an easy enough to obtain digital record of what is owed.  The debit terminal would also supply the evening's summary.
That is not surprising, this is not your backyard fence that can be fixed in an afternoon.  Fixes require prioritization amongst all the other fixes and new features, dedicated time, more time ensuring they work with the other features/fixes being made at the same time, initial testing and then public beta testing.  And if anything goes wrong at any stage your back to step one.
Do you mean podcasts that you upload to it?  Or are you finding that some of your favourite podcasts aren't using Google Music?
The issue is that a taxi is only allowed to pick up passengers in it's home city.  So after dropping you off they must drive empty back to Vancouver (and probably all the way to downtown) before they can get another fare.
But that has nothing to do with the fact that if they consistently took credit cards then after the first month you'd have regular payments coming in.

Yes, you might have really bad nights once a week, but that doesn't make a difference in this consideration.  If the pay is so bad that you can't survive to get paid later, like 99% of working people, then the solution is not cash payments but rather the solution is to get a different job.
Add to it that you're still paying for the terminal and the internet connection when you take cash; so there's no benefit beyond avoiding the credit card fee.
People can quit any job at any time, would you're argument be that we just get rid of all workplace regulations?
[Here is the stop sign the car sat at and watched the oncoming train try to stop.](https://www.google.com/maps/@38.4077488,-85.3778209,3a,75y,60.57h,84.85t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sdlGnjeHiacmcoCKke6EfvA!2e0!7i13312!8i6656)  Literally all he had to do was turn right.

Or left, he had plenty of time if that was his true destination, instead of in front of it.

Or even straight puts you [beside the train](https://www.google.com/maps/@38.4078586,-85.3775328,3a,75y,91.37h,69.81t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1se0JuJeRUxYY0LSaMt9yxGw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) immeadiately after the intersection.

It's not a question of what he was meant to do; there's too many options.  It's more "What is the one thing he was meant NOT to do?"
You can easily tell if you have the old or new look by looking at the POI icons, such as the ones for Empire State Building and the Spotted Pig in OP's screenshot.

The old look was just circles, the new look has the teardrop shape.
Nope, that only shows one person was following too close.

Wanna try again?
You can get as technical as you want, but it just plain comes down to the fact that you've been wrong all along.

You decided to jump into this conversation to say that there is no way that people could be seeing B4.  The fact remains it could have been B4 or B7 that they saw.  I'm done responding to you; you're so desperate to be right that you won't stop even when you should... and I'm sure you still think you're right even though you have no proof either way.
I'll add a #4 that is similar to your #4; what about the headlights?

Vehicles are built with headlights mounted low so they don't blind others.  Look at a semi, it's a large vehicle but it's lights will still be mounted at about the same height as a car.

Repointing them isn't enough, if you're close you can still get blinded (imagine walking through a crosswalk with this guy waiting at the stop line).  Why shouldn't these have to remount their headlights lower when they raise the truck?
That argument doesn't apply to the roads, as what is allowed on the road is legally defined.  Vehicles are licensed based on them having met certain standards, so when you modify them in any way that makes them no longer meet those standards they should have to be recertified.
"Everyone", as in the one single vehicle that didn't stop when the vehicle in front on him stopped?

Because there is no evidence of anyone else following too close.
That's not what you expressed, but thanks for clarifying.

As for why they don't bother with a few plants, it's not that they don't care; it's that they don't have any idea if you have a medical card or not.  Health Canada won't share that info until they have done surveillance and other investigative necessities, and then have the warrant in place to raid the place.  The police have been expressing frustration that they will ask so they don't waste resources, but don't get an answer so they spend thousands of dollars only to be told "That one's legal, don't bother unless you know they are way over their limit for plants."
Funny, you said Vancouver was a completely different market than Abbotsford and they thus wouldn't be doing it at all.

And no, they don't just flick a switch and refarm it all at once.  They turn it on tower by tower and test it.  They might then turn it off once tested, but when they started our here they didn't do so, thus I don't see why they'd change.  I was getting Band 4 in Abbotsford for a few days before the Abbotsford wide text was sent out that they were starting.  And the "We're done" text for Abbotsford only came out a couple of days ago.

If they turned in on Vancouver wide a couple of days later then the LTE people were getting when this post was made was likely Band 4 as Freedom prepped the towers.
Considering the city issues special business licenses for them (for which they charge through the nose), it would create a lot of problems if the city's own police force then enforced the laws against them.
>Currently we're permitted to grow two plants

Ummm... no.  Currently recreational marijuana is illegal, and thus you are allowed zero plants.

If you confusing this with medical marijuana, the limit there depends on your prescription.
What would be the court challenge?

Keep in mind the "necessity" arguments used for medical marijuana wouldn't apply for recreational use.
As others have pointed out, that's not how it works in Canada. 
 All the provinces can do is determine how it will be sold, they can't restrict to whom it will be sold differently than federal laws. 
 http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2017/11/07/manitoba-will-let-private-retailers-sell-marijuana-once-its-legal-brian-pallister-says_a_23269857/
A bit late, but I'll suppliment my [previous comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/freedommobile/comments/7h1wzw/considering_switching_back_some_questions_metro/dqo2yf7/) by letting you know that on a trip from Abbotsford into Vancouver yesterday I was on Band 4 LTE all the way in and back, which would be in addition to the Band 7 LTE they are also deploying.  I was also on LTE throughout the Pacific Centre mall, I assume on repeaters.  In the new year they are supposed to start deploying Band 13, which will penetrate buildings better.
>Feel free to come to Vancouver and lock onto B4 EARFCN 2225 and prove me wrong

I was supposed to do so about when you posted this challenge, but my appointment downtown Vancouver was moved to yesterday.

I was on Band 4 all the way in and back out.  I only briefly was on Band 7 while walking from where I parked to my appointment, but the walk back I was on Band 4 again.

While I do have a car mount that let me view the bands the entire trip, I could only safely screenshot when I was out of the car.  Here is [Knight and Kingsway](https://i.imgur.com/DG3ovoa.png), and here is [Granville and Cordova](https://i.imgur.com/UDM3rrC.png).  Cellmapper reports I connected to Band 4 LTE on 46 new towers yesteday.
Using that chart skews it a bit as it provides the total population of the entire area of the urban centres but then only counts the urban cores of the other places.

For example, Abbotsford's population is 141,397; but the Wikipedia chart is only using the urban core population.  The combined value for Vancouver, though, includes the more rural portions between the various urban cores that make up Greater Vancouver.

Not your fault, but rather that chart is crap as it's not comparing apples to apples.
>Thinking stuff like "they make their own rules for their platform" is a dangerous and dismissive way to think about this situation.

Not really, it's nothing new and is quite reasonable.

You're free to open your own platform, but if you want to use someone else's to make money there too then you need to work with them, not against them.

It's no different that a shopping mall.  Best Buy can open it's own store on it's own land.  But if it wants to open in your local mall because the traffic will produce 50% more revenue, it is going to have to abide by the mall's rules.  They also can't expect a free ride, they need to contribute part of the earnings in the form of rent towards the mall.  Rent in such situations often includes not just a set dollar amount, but also a percentage of the profits.
>Nothing about obeying signages, lights, or other traffic laws.

That's not how you interpret such laws.  To use your argument, there's also nothing saying you can disobey the other laws too.

The section on what to do at a traffic light doesn't have anything about obeying the other laws, but you still must do so.

The section on obeying speed limits doesn't have anything saying you must obey all the other laws, but you still must do so.

The section on wearing a helmet while bicycling doesn't have anything saying you must obey all the other laws, but you still must do so

And similarly the section on getting out of the way of an emergency vehicle doesn't have anything saying you must obey all the other laws, but you still must do so.
Twitter is who gave me the Promo 50 back in September when phone support refused because I wasn't a new customer.
I've already tweeted them :)
Next month's bill?  That won't be generated until next month.
I can offer you two choices:

1) You can give me the location (PM me if you prefer privacy) and I will evaluate it for you to see if something is wrong with the road set up.  This is harder to do since the tool Map Maker was retired, and it's retirement means I can't simply then fix any errors for you, but as a very experienced road editor for the map I might be able to find it.  I can then either tell you what to report as wrong or I can escalate it to Google if it's severe enough.

2) On your desktop computer (there is yet to be a mobile option) ask for directions that produce this poor result.  Once they are displayed click on Send Feedback on the map and the system will then ask you to indicate which step in the directions you think is wrong.  With that report hopefully the Googler that reviews it can figure it out.
I see no discount on mine.  Did you move to the plan at the same time as applying the code?
Well hopefully you're right, as I have that plan and a code; but everything everyone has said on this forum indicates it won't work unless you apply the code while the plan is still in market.  Neither of us will know until a month has passed.
It has nothing to do with the last update; that is a divided highway that has been drawn as two separate lines representing to two lines of traffic; which is how such highways are drawn worldwide.  If you zoom in close you will see that, including the empty space between them.
Such codes are only for in market plans.  Promo 50 is out of market and thus wouldn't qualify.
> Bell owns the wire, the hardware, and likely did all the install for free.

And this is unusual how?

Telus has their own equipment in our 20 year old building.

In the same room so does Shaw.

Then both have lines running to every suite.  There is no need for an exclusivity agreement to accomplish it.  And it is no way creates a "shit show", rather it is how almost every condo building is wired.

Telus has approached us to retrofit the building with fibre optic, with them footing 100% of the costs.  No exclusivity is being asked, they just ask for the ability to then market it to the owners, each of whom is free to choose whatever provider they want.
And since Abbotsford is the largest city area wise in the province, that also can't be to what he's referring.
My grandmother also rode a horse to school in Idaho, with her sister on the back.  School was the next town over.  Recess wasn't for playing, it was to go out to the school stable and tend to your horse.
>Kamloops is bigger than Abbotsford guys.

No, it's not.  Not even close.
You know as much as me, but I'm seeing multiple people make the same postulation as you.  It seems likely you could get a friend with a Bell account to help you out.
You need to cut it off while there is still some blood flow in order to make sure the finger is still viable for reattachment.  You can't sew back on a dead finger.
It's probably counting the days since support of that version ended.  After that day (3 days now) their not making any efforts to ensure compatibility that far back.
Not just that, but also deal with the public demanding unlocked phones and the telcos saying locking is necessary?  It seems a reasonable compromise to say no more locking and you must unlock for current customers (who are largely still under contract anyway).

Add into the mix that if you could get absolutely any phone unlocked as of today, would the telcos have been able to sell any phones over the last 6 months without a promise that those would also be unlocked for free?
Whatever the reason for not updating, even if it's just having had the phone in a drawer for a while, you can't expect developers to support old versions when you don't upgrade.  This is especially true for apps that integrate with something else; when that something else will also be advancing.
No video, but I can tell you that I went to a show in Vancouver called "Ryan Stiles and friends" in the 90's.  Turned out the friends were Colin, Greg and a bunch of other Whose Line alumni, along with other improvers such as Kathy Kinney.

The first 15 minutes, though, were him coming out alone and doing some standup, ending with a song about growing up in the blueberry fields of Richmond (part of metro Vancouver).
I think the difference we'll see in the future, though, is that right now dealing in pot is dealing in something that has long been tolerated and soon will be legal; dealers have not been in much danger of being a police target for some time now (assuming they're not dealing in other things).

But after legalization, selling without the tax will be highly illegal, just as it is for cigarettes and alcohol.  I'd expect to see more enforcement due to that aspect.  I think that will affect the black market, both in making it harder to find a dealer and also in the market demanding a higher price due to the risks involved.
One of the very few times where vertical video was appropriate.

Not that I have high hopes that the videographer consciously made that choice and rarely shoots that way.  But in this case, good choice!
I'm out in Abbotsford so I can't really comment much on the areas you're looking at for coverage, but people running Cell Mapper on their phones have confirmed more towers with Band 7 coverage every day (they started turning it on less than a week ago).  See the map [here](https://www.cellmapper.net/map?MCC=302&MNC=490&type=LTE&latitude=49.23340783513771&longitude=-123.06845005078128&zoom=12&showTowers=true&clusterEnabled=true&tilesEnabled=true&heatMapEnabled=false&showOrphans=false&showNoFrequencyOnly=false&showFrequencyOnly=true&showBandwidthOnly=false&DateFilterType=FirstSeen&showHex=false&bands=7&showVerifiedOnly=false&showUnverifiedOnly=false&showLTECAOnly=false&showBand=7).  In Abbotsford we've had Band 4 LTE coverage for over a month, and they've turned on some of the Mission towers without even announcing it, with those also having Band 4 coverage.

You should make a decision quickly though, as it's still possible, with some work, to grab the Everywhere 50 8GB plan, which is by far much better than the current plans.   People are reporting getting it from loyalty and also that border markets, such as Abbotsford, having it recently again being made available (none of the current plans include US roaming, making that plan a must for people near the border).  Perhaps visit a corporate store and state you're moving to Abbotsford in a month and thus would only consider that plan.
From the CRTC website, notice the the portion I've bolded:

>What can you do if you already own a locked phone?
>
>Service providers will have to unlock your device for free if it’s locked to their network **and you’re paying for services on their network**.


[Source](https://crtc.gc.ca/eng/contact/phone/q19.htm)
That soon?  I'm going to have to really start working on my coworker to get me one from his brother-in-law.  Apparently he didn't use them all up last time; offering one to my coworker repeatedly including on the night they expired.
No, it's not clear, no matter how many times you keep saying it.

A reasonable person would have thought that the employee would have woken up within minutes, and he would have embarrassed the employee by having started his own meal, and then the normal routine of customer at a restaurant would have proceeded.

If you intended to steal, you don't stick around to cook, clean up, and even clean the grill.  That right there makes it to unclear to make prosecuting worth it.

Everything that happened is the exact opposite of what someone with the intent to steal would do, and what they would expect to happen.
If I'm in a restaurant, eat, and then can't get an employee to take my money but return next shift to pay when employees will take my money; there's no intent there.

He probably could be prosecuted for mischief for making his own food, but intent to steal is not clear.
I take food every time I go to a grocery store or restaurant.

They work on pay after models, you take the food and then pay as you leave.
You are probably right about the civil issue.

However, you're facts about the customer are wrong.  He returned the next shift to pay, not days later.  Right there "intent" is called strongly into doubt, which is most certainly relevant.
Or, more likely, when you come back the next shift and pay, that makes it pretty well impossible to prove intent.  Without intent, there is no crime.

Son.
That's a different situation.  You can put down what you wanted to buy.

The equivalent would be getting a haircut, the hairdresser leaves because it's the end of her shift, but the receptionist isn't there to take your money.  You can't leave the haircut behind.
So you say, but again, he's not under arrest.

One aspect of the legality of a crime is intent.  When there is no employee to take your money after waiting some time, so you come back during the next shift and pay; that doesn't create a clear intent to commit the crime.  That will be the most likely reason he's not been charged.
You have been watching too much TV.  It is the police and/or prosecutors that press charges, not a person or business.

The way "I don't want to press charges" comes into play is if prosecution would depend on the victim's cooperation.  Posting pictures and publicly admitting to it eliminates the need for their cooperation.
Just so you're aware, such photos are not taken from satellites.  High res imagery is taken from airplanes.  They go back and forth in a grid pattern snapping pictures at regular intervals that are then stitched together once the best ones are selected (which is pretty much an automated process now).
>You have to make a good effort to pay

He came in the next ~~day~~ shift and paid, good effort made.

He'd been there for at least a half hour, probably an hour if he even cleaned the grill.  If an employee still hadn't shown up, coming back the next more than fulfilled that obligation.
Funny how he's not under arrest.  Seems you're wrong.
Not his responsibility to try to wake the guy.  And that's also a good way to get hurt; if the employee slept through everything this guy did then he was not waking up from just sound.

>it's still shoplifting if the employee is stocking shelves or in the bathroom when you try to pay.

Totally different situation, you wait a few minutes.  That's not a case of no one is willing to take your money.

In this case, however, the guy was there for a long time and made plenty of noise; it wasn't that the employee was otherwise temporarily engaged, he just plain wasn't willing to do his job over an extended period of time.
It's not shoplifting if no one will take your money.

The person that was supposed to take his money didn't do his job.  He thus came in after shift change and gave the money to someone will to do the job.
The employee stole wages from Waffle House.  He took money in exchange for doing a job, and didn't do the job.  That too is theft.
No one said they can't work with him, in fact their in this thread saying they want to work with him.  I think you need to slow down a bit.
When you cook at higher heats, you need to pull things out prematurely as they will continue to cook a bit from their internal temperature.  Try 2 months, and if that doesn't work toss it out and adjust up or down in time.

Edit: What am I thinking?!  Tossing it out isn't socially acceptable at all.  That's wasteful; feed it to your dog.
Not to mention the latest update where it recognizes the difference between each cat and dog, and let's you name them just like people.
There was something to indicate it, the fact that they gave you money!

Perhaps you've learned what "There's nothing free in life" means.  Complaining that you didn't get free stuff for nothing seems to indicate, though, that you didn't.
Opt out of ads?  You can do so by not consuming free media that comes with ads as the method of payment.

Opt out of the Walmart linkage?  You were opted out by default, you choose to change that in exchange for money.  I don't know why you would assume you could take the money and then immediately opt back out.
Your going to get an ad anyway, would you prefer it to be for something where you then post "Why the hell does Google give me this ad?"

It's not going to provide you extra ads, just make what ads you're going to see anyway be for things that you actually use.
Are we perhaps speaking about the same thing?  Are they let out in a pasture next to the barn, and don't have run of the entire farm?
The chain resulting from a [different response](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/7ffpiu/two_of_italys_most_famous_cheeses_parmesan_and/dqc35at/) should explain it; it results in half the production.  That's fairly significant.
Your method sounds much more human, but I guess it would then come with an increased cost to consumers.  I wonder if people there happily pay it, or if they consume less dairy.
That's pretty accurate for beef cattle.  Indoors often is just a roof.   And I think the vast majority of BC cattle now go to Alberta for the finishing, as that's where the giant butchery factories are that supply all the grocery stores.
Good to hear.  But do the dairy cattle rotate through pastures over the entire farm?  Or are some fields just to grow the feed and then is a lot of the feed brought to them?

Just curious as here in North America they try to minimize dairy cow movement as that reduces production.  The big problem usually is that the barns are stationary and along one side of the farm, so it's not realistic to pasture them between milkings too far away.
Yes, the same here in BC.  But as you say, it's a large pen.  Free range pastures are huge, and those will be for beef.

In North America:

* Large farms covered mainly in hay, grass and/or corn with large barns and a smallish outdoor area = dairy
* Large farms with cattle roaming the entire area = beef

That's not to say all cows raised for meat are free ranging; feed lots are definitely a thing.
That's cows for meat, not dairy cows.
That's a small fraction of the cattle.  And it will either be ones being raised for meat, or dairy cows that are confined to a small area around the barn.  Dairy cows that get huge pastures to wander produce less according to the farmers with whom I've spoken.
>I'm sure they'd produce more and better milk

Actually, it's the opposite, and thus part of why this happens.

Diary cows production reduces whenever there is a change.

Switch them from silage to fresh grass in the spring and from fresh grass to silage in the fall; the result is a few weeks of lesser production at each change.  Solution: many farmers feed silage year round and use and fresh grass/corn/etc. to make silage for later.

Let them wander too much and their production goes down.  Solution, even where they let them outside, it's often into a controlled area to keep the amount of movement down.
Fields is listed with the [USGS GNIS](https://geonames.usgs.gov/apex/f?p=138:3:0::NO:3:P3_FID,P3_TITLE:434475,Fields) as an officially Federally recognized place name.  The others are similar.

It's not Google making these designations, they are just reporting them.

As for your argument that they are sparsely populated and somewhat insignificant; that describes every place in the US at one time.  They were still places; people still named where the lived.  As they grew and needed more services and organization that they incorporated, but the unincorporated places still exist.

As for how addresses are determined, I suspect you are confused by the difference between a postal address and a physical address.  A map is a record of physical places and thus uses the physical address.  Many places have an invisible polygon designating the boundaries, those are used rather than distance to the center of each place.
So as a non-American, can someone let me know if I understand this correctly?

Trump says Putin is great and Russia is great; that the US should not have been treating them so "poorly" and he's changing that.

But if anything was done during the Obama administration that favoured Russia, that's a crime?
Exactly, only one phone needs data (or a plan at all), the rest are essentially wifi tablets.
Which is exactly why they're doing it.  He's not thinking it out, his argument that they wouldn't do it in Vancouver because it would congest things would apply to every single market; and yet they're doing it.
>Internet has other uses, unlike these.

If there have no other use other than collecting data for Google, who would want them?

Obviously they have other uses.
Yes, that's just a sale price... but so are the prices in the US that you're complaining we don't get.  You can't compare their sale price t our regular price and declare that is the price discrepancy.
>Source: I live in Vancouver :)

I'm afraid that's not a source to support the argument you just made.  If instead you meant you've gone down and checked what band it is; that's something else.

Regarding your argument, I'm in the same market as you which uses the same bandwidths; I live in Abbotsford.  Part of B4 was re-farmed here several weeks ago, as confirmed in many threads here, by employees here, by myself using the tools of which you speak and by the Freedom website.  They've done the same in multiple markets.  They've announced on their website that they will complete the same in Vancouver by mid-December and will be refarming portions of B4 in all markets by next year.

And yes, they're also deploying B7, but in most places they've started with re-farming of part of B4.  It could be either band, but so far each of the arguments here that it has to be B7 is incorrect.
>he asked if his credit score affects his tab balance

No, he didn't.  He asked how to change his tab.  He stated that he knows the tab to be based initially on your credit score; it becomes your credit score with Freedom.

>I'm just asking about tab balance.

Your tab is your credit score with Freedom; that's what OP said and that's what has been repeatedly confirmed in the thread.  So no, you can't use the fact that you have a good credit score with Freedom to get a discount, just the same way it doesn't get you a car discount.
I have one; that's not going to help since I'm not there.  You missed my point.  With just the info that a Nexus 6 connected, it's most likely to be B4.
"Does this mean" refers to the ongoing topic.

If that's not what you meant, then you're posting in the wrong place.
Having good credit doesn't mean price discounts are in order.  You don't get 35% off a car due to a good credit score, and it's no different for phones.
The Nexus 6 is Band 4 capable, which is what they so far have been remapping to LTE before deploying new spectrum.
Careful on that, my Windows 10 updated 2 days ago to the Fall Creators Update, and now my video card is not supported.  Checking cheap video cards currently for sale, most are past support for new drivers and thus likely affected by this update.  I'm possibly going to have to go back to Windows 8.
As others have mentioned, mobile businesses are not allowed directly on the map; as that completely defeats the purpose of listing business locations on a map.

What they can do is sign up for Google My Business using their home address.  In the options they then need to set a service area and state that customers do not come to their location.  This will create a local listing that has no street address.  They won't have a marker on the map, but in searches of the map or in searches of Google Search that return local content they will then come up, and clicking on the result will show their service area on the map.
Mission only has a few towers turned on so far, and while they show on the coverage map they haven't been announced on the Tumblr.  The lower half of Mission has always gotten service from Abbotsford, so the B4 could be coming from there.

And "parts" equals testing and configuring; so yes, it's accurate to say Vancouver doesn't have B7 yet.  Abbotsford is scheduled to get it before Vancouver.
>Other carriers never did that I suppose.

I'm not sure at all to what you are referring; the other carriers have always required you update to their latest packages to get a phone.  I have known many non-Freedom users, including my sister, that have purchased phones outright so that they did not have to upgrade their plans.
Years ago my father owned a pizza place.  The thin crust pizzas were cut and put on round metal serving platters.  Three platters were nailed on the wall to show the size of a small, medium and large.

When asked how big a XXXX pizza was, he'd point to the wall.  The answer often was "But how many pieces is that?"  His standard reply way "However many you'd like me to cut it into."
Motorola?


And the insurance doesn't know the ages of those it covers?
You state my arguments are absurd, but provide nothing that is wrong with them, other than to claim the database is "existing".

It didn't come about out of thin air.  You're the one being quite absurd to ignore that.  I work with these databases every day, and my work is then put up as another database.  People sat in front of computers for years worth of man hours to digitize the data.


It also doesn't cost nothing to maintain it.  Your the one being quite absurd to ignore that.  There's not zero cost to this, I'm sure you'll expect someone to help you if you can't log in or if you don't understand some of the data. 

If a plan was made to to make it available and charge a nominal amount to allow that to happen, to say it now exists so it should be free is being unrealistic.

You've now not addressed what I've said twice.  If you choose not to do so for a third time, you'll see no further response from me as I'll know you silence is because you have no sensible argument.  Which is it that you prefer, that your taxes go up of that the users of the data, largely businesses, pay for it?
If it works, but then breaks when you start zooming; that sounds like it's neither's fault.  Zooming is a function that will help some people, but will also potentially break things.
Then that's not a problem with the website, is it?
I was referring to whom would actually use the data.  I what useful, non-commercial way would someone use that data using those programs?
99% of the records are on paper, not digital.  There's huge costs in digitizing them.

After you digitize them and write "a few lines of SQL', there are ongoing costs like servers and ISPs.

Since you don't realize any of that, I'm going to take it that your assessment of the amount of code necessary is also way off.

>Fact is access to data is necessary to innovate as a society.

The data is accessible.  Again, who should pay for that access; the users of the data (who will almost always be for profit companies) or you through increased taxes?
>Every bit of data which could be used for machine learning is behind some fossil legislated gatekeeper. 

I had to address this first, because what the hell does it have to do with it?  You are not some genius who is programing your own AI.  Machine learning is done by the big boys, Google and such.  If they wanted large chunks of it, I'm sure they would get a bulk rate for the data.  And why shouldn't a commercial company collecting data for profit pay for the data?

But exactly why do you think this data should be fed into a machine?  So that bidding on real estate can become automated like stocks, and drive the prices up in seconds?

As for the rest of what you say, I'm assuming you mean Land Titles charges $1?

I have no idea how they run it there, but in most provinces it's free if you go down to the office and look it all up yourself.

But digitizing and making available records costs some money.  It's either charge the actual people seeking the data, or increase everyone's taxes.  Would you like higher taxes so that someone else who is going to do nothing with it can play with the data?  Or so that a corporate can collect it, analyze it, and sell you the results?
You could say the same about any private database out there, that doesn't mean we should be able to root through every business and organization's data.  Nor should the public be the ones investigating such things, and even the proper authorities should should be limited as to what they can access.  How would you like it if we all had access to your computer, phone, online accounts and email; just to make sure you are doing anything wrong.

As for the pertinent data, did you pay attention to the fact that the proper place to look up the data is the Land Titles office?  MLS is incomplete, is designed for a single purpose, and can be error prone; which is fine since it's a private database designed for it's owners' specific use case.  The public records where all sales are registered and data is carefully curated would be the proper place to look.
You are mixing up your databases.  You are speaking about the title's database, but he is describing the security on the MLS database.  That is a private database; and no, not just anyone can get a login.  Additionally, a login doesn't give you much more beyond what's released on MLS.ca.
> likely checking their blind spot for maybe a little longer than a quick glance to make sure they've cleared the truck 

Which they wouldn't have had to do if they had done things right to start.

You didn't need to go any further than that.
No need to check your blind spot beyond the required quick glance when you've been driving up the side of that truck; you know it's there.  Watch it again, the driver slows down and matches the pace of the semi before it was completely past it, and before everything happened in front of it.  He should of either:

1. kept the same pace he used when he was passing and then pulled in front of the truck, or
1. decide to stay in his lane and thus paid more attention to the traffic ahead of him.

It comes down to no matter what his intentions, he did it wrong.
I'm not speaking of Gearbest in particular, but almost always when you get a notification of a tracking number, even when the notification comes from the shipping company itself, the item hasn't actually been shipped but rather the shipper has stuck on the label and registered it in the shipping software.

If it didn't go out for some reason, or the box got damaged, or many other reasons; the shipper might set up a new label and tracking code.
Yes, it would help for US citizens to be verbal.

But you can't compare the two; one affects the world and the other affects one country.  Most of the people to which you are referring won't be affected and wouldn't be heard.
Now we're getting somewhere; the issue will be something you two have in common; likely an extension.
And since there isn't a bunch of people complaining right now, it's unlikely to be such a combination; it's probably something more complex like a particular extension interfering.  When I've had such issues in the past, usually I can trace it to such a cause.  No one can test for other factors that are doing things they shouldn't.
Exactly... if you have a drawer full, something's wrong!
First, why exactly would you need that info? What does it matter what it sold for in 1993?

That said, the info on MLS would be incomplete. The proper place to look up the information is the Land Titles office.
So then you didn't make it it a fresh install of Chrome?
Since I've only seen you complain, it's much more likely that the website is fine and there's something going on with your browser.
You just installed the new Firefox... did you also delete and reinstall Chrome?  And then compare them with no plugins/extensions?
Good bot
There's no law specifically written to protect it, it's not a government database but rather a private one.  What protects it is the contract one enters into when setting up an account.  Pretty standard stuff for pretty well any paid database; and just covered by standard contract law.

Most of it's already on MLS.ca.  Just what do you think is in there that should be publicly distributed?  
We work hard, as the number of employees does not increase with the workload.  Too much has to be done from the desk instead of in the field. 
 Right now is the busy time of year, I'll spend the next two weeks in panic mode.

But yes, the advantage is a 35 hour work week, flex time, good benefits and a pension.  The disadvantage is that even after counting the benefits, the pay is 20% below industry standards.
Several realtors have been suspended recently, pretty well as sonn as stories of their mis-doings were confirmed (within days).  Considering under self-regulation it would have taken months for a hearing at which they might have had a 5 day suspension or have to take a weekend course on ethics, there's been an improvement already.
See my edit
I have a feeling we have similar schooling and jobs.

Luckily I'm a government employee and they pay my MLS and Land Titles access.
That has already happened.

Edit:  Downvotes for stating a fact?

Note that this is a story about BC.  Here's the announcement that it would be happening:  http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/christy-clark-real-estate-report-1.3658442

Here's the governement agency that resulted as a result of the above announcement: https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/governments/organizational-structure/ministries-organizations/central-government-agencies/office-of-the-superintendent-of-real-estate
In addition, presumably by who accessed the data in the first place.

What laws are you speaking about?  The laws regarding contracts?  Or the laws regarding privacy?  Which ones of those do you think are dumb?
Wait, you're explaining the extra steps taken to ensure everything is secure and only accessed by people that are authorized and actually need it, and then you're complaining that it's not free, open data?
It was $60, it was the top plan just before the "Big Gig" event.  And it came with 6 gigs of data.

The $50 + 2 gig (permanent) bonus was a special offered for new users, but at the time of the special most exiting customers could get it with a little convincing.
Not for existing customers; only to new customers.  Everyone that was an existing customer had to "convince" them.  Phone support wouldn't help me, I had to get Twitter to do it.  With it not being a regular plan now, you'll probably have to get to the Loyalty department and convince them you might leave to get that to happen.
Technically, but how often does that happen?
My carrier, who do not subsidize the phone but rather let you add on a monthly payment for it, have the Pixel 2 on a Black Friday special for $430 Canadian off the regular price.  In other words, for the same monthly payments ($25 CDN a month for 24 months) it is currently $0 down instead of $430 down.

It's expected they will have even better sales on Black Friday itself, though that doesn't mean the Pixel 2 will be included in those sales.
She hasn't "settled" for 32k a year, she's getting that for doing part time work while attending school.
Be sure to let them know why; otherwise you're just someone that cut back as time went on.
She needs to be elected first, what's the chances that she lives somewhere with no white voters?
My co-worker gave up on it... and gave it to me.  I now have a backup.
As far as I know, no, they're not related.  Google rewards is asking you about stores you went near because those particular stores are are paying them to collect customer satisfaction surveys.

But do be careful, Google is known to add in places it knows you didn't visit to make sure people are being honest; as no one is going to pay for surveys that aren't reliable.
50,000,000 users is way more than Map Maker.
No, I've seen it in real life.
I'm 50 and have seen the new maps in real life.  It's better contrast.

You swore you could see a contrast difference in a "before" screenshot... sorry, but your brain is playing tricks.
No, as that's a screenshot of Maps before any of the changes that were announced.  If it was the new look then the Toronto Zoo icon would be a teardrop instead of a circle.

As I said, you're brain is playing tricks on you as you try to see the differences that don't yet exist.
The advanced editor was called Map Maker and was available for years.  Unfortunately it was very old technology and making Maps interface had reached a point where it was holding Maps back from advancement, so they had to retire it early this year.  They are now working towards adding more advanced editing to Maps itself, but it's a slow process.
Level 8.  But then the majority of my time contributing to Maps has been mapping roads, approving other's edits, advising others, escalating issues, etc.; all of which doesn't earn Local Guide points.
> So that's where all the Drive space money went, haha

I've been going to one of these conferences for years before Local Guides existed or Drive space was offered

I just used conference as a term you're recognize, they're called summits and it's more of a geek out and party.

For small rewards offered to most; I recently got a subscription to NY Times and a separate subscription to NY Times daily crossword.
Try turning off 3D buildings in the settings.  If you have that turned on then you won't necessarily see the current default imagery, but rather the imagery that was used to create the 3D buildings.
I'm not speaking of benefits that are offered to everyone.  And I can't necessarily talk about them all.  As a sample, I was invited to two different conferences this year, all expenses paid.
I personally get more than just a badge out of it, but I'm one of the top contributors.  Google doesn't mind rewarding the ones that truly want to contribute, but unfortunately the opportunists ruined it for the average guy.
There's been a night mode for years.
The ambient light sensor makes a difference too, as it will change modes when I go into underground parking and that's not part of the map data.

When you're trying to force it while sitting at home it's likely detecting that you're not driving.
The roads actually have way more contrast now, as they have black borders defining them.

It's a gradual roll out, if you're not seeing more contrast then you still have the old version and are fooling yourself into thinking there's a difference from yesterday.
The new version increases the contrast and make roads more discernible.  Roads that were a white line on an off white background now have black borders on each side of the white line.
The program is growing by leaps and bounds.

The incentives kicked it off, but the quality of edits were often questionable when people's goal was just to get a certain number of edits.  With less "worthwhile bonuses", now the people contributing do so largely because they want to see a better map, which is who you really want to contribute in the first place.
>Evidently the current 'no risk whatsoever' strategy isn't working

That's not a strategy to stop crime.

And yes, it's exactly what you're saying, and you've now reinforced that you don't care if it's dangerous to the police and public.
I've corrected it now that I've been able to read it... and there's still no loophole.
Trying to nitpick when you don't know the basics... that's kind of amusing.

But not really, I'm done with you.  Troll somewhere else.
Not at all.  You can't just use a pronoun and have it possibly refer to multiple previous nouns.  There are rules, and you should learn them.
It was in two different news stories I saw.  But I will take them with a grain of salt until I see the actual regulations, I've noticed that the local news has been expressing things poorly as of late and thus like to look things up for myself.
> So? Alaska is sparsely settled but I don't think we'd be cool with Russia taking it.

That is the full text of the comment to which you responded.  It is completely about Alaska.

>The acquisition of Alaska was literally never a thing that came up.

Sure it did, when you responded to a post about Alaska with "We took it, it's ours now."

Please don't now try to change it over to me not understanding pronouns... pronouns always refer to the last noun used.  Reading backwards, the last noun was "Alaska".
No, it will not.  The conditions you are selectively quoting clearly state that all calls and texts, including those made outside of Canada, will be treated as if you were on the home network.

As /u/-chrisandrews- points out, except for some of the new plans, everyone has unlimited calling from the home network.  You are putting a malicious intent on a condition that is actually telling you why wifi calling is a benefit.

The full condition:

*Calls and text, picture and video messages will be counted against your plan as if they were made from Freedom Mobile’s Home network (including calls, texts and picture messages made using Wi-Fi Calling while outside of Canada). Usage information will be reflected in a local Canadian time zone depending on the network node through which your calls are routed (usually GMT+5 or GMT+8) and updated the same way as any other detailed call record in My Account or detailed billing information.*    

"I don't care if someone gets hurt, at least my bike is safe" is a pretty shitty attitude.

There's other things to be done; in my area car theft was drastically reduced through bait cars, so they extended the program to bait bicycles and bait motorcycles.

But that does require a budget.
> which is what I was talking about.

No, you weren't. You very clearly said Alaska in response to a post about Alaska.

It's OK to admit you made a mistake.
> The regulations have huge loopholes. For example, a homeowner could rent a basement/laneway to an adult child for $1/year, and then the child could put it up on Airbnb.

Just because someone said that on the news doesn't make it true.

The rules are that:

* you can only rent your principal residence
* you can only rent it for 30 days ~~a year~~ max
* you must get a $49 license to do so.

Vancouver has specifically said this applies to both owners and long term renters.   If you rent to an adult child, then he's the one that must follow those rules instead of you.  That's not a loophole.

Edit:  So the stories I saw weren't expressing things correctly, so I made the above correction.  With the correction there is still no loophole.  Lying is not a loophole.

Actually, you bought it... get a history book.
Yes, MJ paid for lots of sick kids medical costs.  There's people posting here that he paid for years of their or their relative's treatments.
Sick kids were spending the day playing in the amusement park followed by a giant sleepover.  What sleepover have you ever known where each child slept in a separate bedroom?
As you said, it's been in place for years.  You probably had a Chinese phone before, and now your trying to use a non-Chinese phone?
I live on the border, Freedom users roam on the US network when you go into the back half of Costco (though it's been better since LTE, you usually only end up on the US network if you go in the dairy cooler).  Living where I do, I am on the US network often and it's no issue.
I didn't know about the partner switch, but lately I've been experiencing more of what is expressed in this comment  https://www.reddit.com/r/freedommobile/comments/7cjoqr/roaming_in_states/dpqg6ry/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Restrictions_on_geographic_data_in_China#The_China_GPS_shift_problem
I too have never really had issues, but after putting a new OS on my phone I suddenly did have issues that manifested itself as drift/mislocation in Maps.  I found out that an app I'd installed for other reasons before I wiped my phone is what many with similar issues use as a solution; so I put it back on and haven't had issues since then.  Try [GPS Status](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eclipsim.gpsstatus2), the free version should be all you need.  It acts as an interface between your GPS and GPS requesting app; you should notice it appearing in the status bar when you use an app that uses GPS.  I've had no issues since then.

If it solves your issue I'd love to hear back so I know whether to recommend it to others, and also so I can mention it to Google as something for them to look at adopting.
The tower across the street from me appeared to be having issues; I could get similar numbers elsewhere in Abbotsford by barely got a connection outdoors at home with a direct line of site to the antennae.  I just did a Speedtest 10 minutes ago so I could have a fresh one when reporting it to support, and it appears to be fixed as of this morning :)
Portions of Band 4 is being refarmed.  Abbotsford was one of the first places, it became available 2 weeks ago, and Band 7 is supposed to be available in the next week or two.

https://www.reddit.com/r/freedommobile/comments/78xj86/aws1_band_4_officially_live_in_5_new_markets/

https://www.freedommobile.ca/network-and-coverage/lte-upgrades
Of the 5 volunteer top contributors towards making the map, 3 of us happen to be Canadian, 2 living in the Toronto area.  They have no such issues (and would have gotten it fixed if they did).  It's not a bug.

If you're being warned about exits long after you pass them... that's your phone.
>Find an exterior station storm drain. 

That is in no way legal.  Storm drains empty directly into the ecosystem; no wastes of any sort are to be put down them.  There is a reason the other system is called the "sanitary sewer" system.

> There are normal conditions of employment that Uber drivers don't have to meet, so why treat them as employees?

There is no such thing as an absolute set of conditions of employment.  Instead all the different aspects are looked at to see how the balance out overall.

I work a job with a flexible schedule.  And we are allowed to work in the office, work from home, or even work anywhere in the province should we want to put in some hours while on a trip.  Flexible scheduling can just be a job perk, not an absolute indicator of being a sub-contractor.

>and decline customers at any time and for any reason. 

Uber drivers can't do that.  In fact they don't even get the job details (destination and trip length) until after the accept the job.  Sub-contractors get the job details ahead of time so the can decide if they want the job or not.  And a sub-contractor can decide to have his own employee do the job instead of doing it himself.
> Cute, but they have to actively say "give me a job"

That's called a flexible schedule.  I am 100% an employee of a government organization, and I get to set my own schedule; that doesn't suddenly make me a sub-contractor.

>As for taking a job, the destinations aren't given, so there is no chance to cherry pick any certain kind of job.

Which is what employees experience.. you do what the boss dictates.  Sub-contractors get to evaluate a job and decide if they want to take it.
Not fully knowing the US labour laws I'm just curious, in your arrangement you can't have your own clientele, you must cut the hair of the next person the owner presents to you? 
I have personally drawn in or fixed many freeways on Maps.  Collector is just a special name for a certain type of ramp; it is still a ramp.  And during the transition from one road to another, no, you are not on a specific highway; rather you are parallel to it.
It's the regular Google Maps app.

* Save the map to your list of maps by starring it
* Open the Hamburger menu (three lines)
* Choose "Your Places"
* Choose Maps (far right on the blue bar)
* Click on the map and it will then display within the regular map
Is the map made with Google My Maps?  If so, it can be viewed within the Google Maps app.
When you move from one highway to another, or from the express highway to the regular highway, those unnamed portions joining them are in fact exit/entrance ramps.

However, your issue of it thinking you are on another road seems unrelated to any of that.  This might be GPS related.  What phone are you using?  Have you heard of anyone else with the same phone having issues where Maps loses your exact position? 
Easiest mistake to make.
>If you had 10 60W Halogen bulbs, which are on for 10hrs a day, you'd eat up about 18kWh per month. Assuming a rate of ~$0.13/kWh, that's $2.34 in electricity.

You missed a decimal.  That's 180 kWH per month.  Which would then be $23.40.  Or half of /u/Rishloos bill.

We replaced all our lights with LEDs and brought our bill down 30% without making any other changes.  (Tip, sign up for Hydro's "Team Power Smart" challenge just before you replace your lights, we got a nice check at the end of a year for reducing our use by at least 10%)
I wasn't talking about the police, I was referring to bylaw enforcement.

Though I'll admit that parking enforcement is often part of the bylaws department.  And the bylaw officers might attend a park where people have routinely have their dogs off leash when they shouldn't.  But what I mean is unlike the police that patrol both to prevent crime and to be spread out over the city to reduce response times to a crime; bylaw enforcement isn't patrolling looking for random barking dogs or litterers.
As I mentioned on your other post, if you can provide the city and a few sample links to closed bus stops, I'll then escalate it for you.  You can PM me if you wish to keep your location private.
That shouldn't be possible, the transit layer is not editable.

If you give me the city and a couple of sample links I'll escalate it.
Wind/Freedom has a tradition of having a special plan each Xmas holiday.  Thus "3 year old holiday plan" would mean that was the special 3 years ago.
Band 4 LTE in BC is only in Abbotsford so far.

Today's announcement wasn't that Band 4 was suddenly being refarmed everywhere, but rather that those on grandfathered, pre-LTE plans will now get access to LTE without having to change plans.  They would still need a phone that's compatible with the LTE bands available in their area to access it.  For your phone you wouldn't be able to get LTE in Vancouver today since you don't have Band 66, but you should get it in December when portions of band 4 are refarmed and band 7 is added.

https://www.freedommobile.ca/network-and-coverage/lte-upgrades
Just because they didn't vote the way you would have doesn't make it wrong.

You try to make it about them not having "to live with this shit", but you reveal your true feelings when you talk about how they voted.  You obviously wouldn't have felt the same if they had voted against Trump.
>Your mistake is to go to a restaurant because it has 5 stars.... most of them only write reviews when they had a bad experience but say nothing when they had a good experience.

Wait... most people don't write reviews when things are good, just bad; but it's a mistake to go to place ranked 5 stars?  Those statements don't work together at all.

> Use word of mouth

Umm... that's what reviews from other locals are....

>and your own judgement

Judgement based on what?  To judge I need input.  Reviews are input.
I know what you meant; but I think you're missing my point.  You assume that no one gives a shit because you see no enforcement.  But bylaw issues aren't like speeding or drunk driving; it's not found by patrolling officers but rather you have to file a complaint and then enforcement will happen.
That already started, 6 markets got ASW-1 LTE 2 weeks ago.  I've been using it on my non-band 66 phone.
> Or perhaps local police don’t give a shit

None of what you mention is the job of police.

Bylaw enforcement handles such things, and they don't patrol like police; rather they are complaint driven.  /u/zxcsd was correct to say you need to call it in, but to bylaw enforcement, not the cops.
They're also expensive because they are prototypes.

When I did tech support for HP notebook computers, we had 3 or 4 of each model on the support floor with which agents would troubleshoot.  To get the units to us before they went on sale, we were shipped pre-production units.  Since they didn't come off the mass assembly line, some of them were had insured values of $500,000 to reflect the actual cost of designing and building them.
So you're basically saying "Consent, or else".
From experience in my building, which you can take with a grain of salt as we only allow 5 rentals in a 71 unit building, landlords only show up for AGMs if there is specifically rental bylaws being considered.

When we updated our rental bylaws 1 1/2 years ago we had 4 out of 5 of the landlords show up; none of whom had attended before.  When everyone but them voted opposite to how they wanted, three of them then nominated themselves for council, even 2 that don't even live in the area.  They were about to get on by acclamation when suddenly 3 other residents realized what was happening and quickly nominated themselves also.  (It's not that we would have minded them being on council, but it was pretty obvious that they had no interest in any other council duties other than trying to get the bylaws changed back).

Don't count on any landlords to be there for you to appeal towards.  You mentioned that you bought from the developer who is still a landlord, point out the issues to him and try to get all his proxies.
We only got $200 for glasses (80% coverage, so you'd have to spend $250 to get the $200), and then 5 years ago our union negotiated $500 of coverage.

I just got 4 boxes of contacts and progressive glasses covered under that, you need to go to Costco Optical.  My prescription required extra thick glass, but regular progressives are $239 for the lens plus $100-200 for frames.  I've got so many pairs of glasses now that I'm reusing frames when my prescription changes due to light usage, I even treated myself to prescription sunglasses.

There is a downside, however, to it all.  You're likely covered the same way as us; it's not actually insurance, but rather the insurance company is just hired to administer the plan and the employer is paying all the costs.  Once you have enough employees to average out the risk this is the smart financial move.  Our union only recently found out that this was the arrangement, and it was info supplied by the employer to explain why if we wanted more coverage for something then it would mean less room for wage or other increases.
Yikes, glad I'm a provincial employee as both my wife and I have multiple crowns.  Though my individual implants (which I got before this job) also wouldn't be covered; I would have had to go with bridge implants.
>'m a bit East of Aldergrove, BC

Better known as Abbotsford. :)  We've had band 4 LTE for a week and a half now.  https://www.reddit.com/r/freedommobile/comments/78xj86/aws1_band_4_officially_live_in_5_new_markets/
Where did I insult Idaho?  I didn't spend years of my life there because I hate it; I just said the previous person's ideas were wrong.

Funny that you'd pick Grizzlies in a thread about Canada; Idaho barely has any bears.
That's not how a teacher would suggest you read that sentence.  Most sentences can be interpreted in more than one way, the obvious one is the one to assume.
I posted it because it's what you asked for.  You moved the goalposts after the fact.
You remind me of my first day of work at my current job here in BC.  There were also 3 Ontarians hired just for the summer.  We go out to people's houses, so we had to watch a dog safety video which surprised no one; but when we then got to the bear safety video you could see the Ontarians had a look of "What did we get ourselves into!"

Almost a decade later the only bear I've encountered is [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9coyBLkZps).
I see my profession on there.

Only thing is, I'm Canadian... and wasn't aware of any shortage.
I think you might not realize what teachers get paid in most of your country.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2013/12/15/how-much-teachers-get-paid-state-by-state/

The data is a few years old, but compare it similarly aged data from Canada.  https://globalnews.ca/news/1346218/wage-comparison-how-b-c-teachers-salaries-rank-across-canada/
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_income
Your own link tells you that it's a skewed statistic and suggestions you look at the [median](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_income) instead.
They are referring to paying out of pocket; not the total costs of healthcare.
While I'll agree that it was crap, as a Canadian who spent every childhood summer at my grandparents in Idaho and then lived there for a few years as an adult, you obviously have much to learn about Idaho.

>large cities in Idaho

There is no such thing as large cities in Idaho.  There is barely any places that qualify as more than a small town.  A number of the towns do border each other to make up metro Boise, which together might be considered a small to medium sized city.

>Many states have laws explicitly preventing discrimination against gays and most large cities in Idaho do too.

Sadly, they don't.  Of the top 10 biggest towns in Idaho, only 5 have such laws.  Of the top 20 biggest towns, it's still only those same 5 that have such laws.  And when you get to the 20th's largest place (Garden City), you're now looking at places that are 11,000 in population.  It should also be noted that Garden City is right in metro Boise, so even a portions of what you would think of as being Boise doesn't have such laws.
To be a bit more exact, the doughnuts were much better when they were made in house.

The rest of the menu was created after they stopped cooking in house, so it was always crap.  I can't understand how they can manage to sell Egg McMuffin style breakfast sandwiches, hashbrown patties, potatoe wedges, etc. when there's never been a grill or deep fryer in the stores.
If a place is strictly following food safety rules they'll keep the curds in the fridge until they go on the fries, and for safety they won't have the gravy boiling hot to compensate.  I've had many a ruined poutine when the big chunks of cold curds cool the gravy but never themselves get hot enough to even soften, let alone melt.
Years ago when my credit union was facing a hostile takeover by Surrey Credit Union they actually printed up bumper stickers for the members with "First Heritage CU... never have to say your Surrey".
I'd say Vancouver is more like San Francisco/the bay area.  We even now have surpassed them (and New York) in unaffordability.
We had it when they first came out in the 80's; it faded from popularity in the west after about 10 years, but when I was a kid everyone had milk in bags.  I saw it in stores at the very end of the dairy case within the last year, but looking right now I can't find it to order online; perhaps it was being made at the old Abbotsford dairy plant that their tearing down right now?
Old fart BCer here... bags became popular (and I assume first appeared) in the late 70's; at the time it was across the nation.  They faded in popularity in the west about 10 years later; though if you look carefully there usually is a small supply at the end of the dairy aisle in major grocery stores.
If you prefer that phrase, go ahead and substitute it.  I'm fine with what I said; he was a dick, that's not me being shitty, that's him.
You don't need to be a dick.  This wasn't just me, multiple people read your statement and knew it was wrong, thus the challenges; it was just a plain completely wrong statement.  I tried to help you out so you could reword and/or learn from it.  If you're going to be like that, though, I'll just tag you as someone's opinion that should be ignored because they don't know what they're talking about and don't really care to get it right.  But get off your high horse; your posts were to tell others they were wrong, so expect people to be able to call you out when you are wrong also.
If that was what you were trying to convey, the proper wording would have been "The "Resident only" parking bylaws have exceptions for shared vehicles."

That's completely different than being unenforceable.  An unenforceable bylaw is a legally flawed bylaw.

They are correct to challenge you.
The reason you've been challenged on this twices is because as written you're statement wasn't about shared vehicles.  You made the simple statement that resident only parking was not enforceable.
Point to the fence along the front of the property and ask what side you are on.
The headline did not say "average" or "most", it made the flat out statement that all teachers spend that much.  His statement was perfectly valid.
>today’s job posts also include a tidbit about having to put in overtime without pay.

I think that might be what "one-third" meant; you really weren't supposed to be inhumanly quick; you just needed to get a 3 week job done in 1 week.
The four anchor stores to which you refer are the ones that were the traditional (and pretty well only) anchors 30 years ago.  There are plenty of new anchors; otherwise they would not be building new malls.

The condo plans are not necessarily due to issues with the malls, developers and owners pursue money making ventures even when revenues are normal.  The older malls in my area are all doing fine but adding condos anyway; it's being done because you can make money.

If Canadian malls are failing in some areas of the country I'd be curious to learn about that; can you please link to some malls that have been abandoned?
>The former makes the latter irrelevant.

That applies to all jobs, get used to it.  It isn't irrelevant, however, in this and all other jobs there is still a difference between doing things because you must and doing them because you want to do the best job.

I did 8 years, most of it as a senior, another step up from a senior, and a trainer.  Doing what you must on a call isn't that hard if you want to get it right; and you don't end up "putting the customer through it" if you do it right.  Your opinion of what your doing is probably reflecting in how you doing it, making it an ordeal for the customers.
You'd only do such a thing if the customer appears to be pissed off by the checking in.

They don't check in every 2 minutes because someone randomly chose that metric, the do it due to studies about customer reactions.  Customers want to be sure they haven't been forgotten about.  Getting back to you is to reassure you, make you feel that you're issue is important to them.  Doing what you suggest would likely instead make them feel that you're just getting back to them because you're forced to do so.

A good agent doesn't get back to you because his quality department makes him do it, he does so because he understands it's an important step to make the experience the best it can be.
The US has more people, so instead of measuring it per country you measure it per capita.  "Per capita" means per person, no one has "more people per capita" because every country has 1.0 residents per capita.
Pixel 2 came out after the issue was known; by then Qualcomm had adjusted the drivers that manufacturers use to start their builds.
If I'm not buying it in Sumas, I'm buying it at Costco which is 10 blocks away.  I used to fuel up 3 times a week in Sumas, but that was pre-9/11 when you could cross in minutes.
Then they likely need to fix their drivers also.

The fact that manufacturers are pushing out fixes for their phones shows it's their issue.
OK, the fact that you're now bringing Google into this means you understand nothing at all.  What does Google have to do with the network?  You say this is a network issue, which means it would affect iPhones just as much, Google has not place in this conversation.  That would be why they then fall silent; they realize there's no explaining it to you as you don't have the slightest comprehension of network vs. hardware vs. software; but you think you do and thus won't listen.

I'm just as done with you as their Twitter.
Think of it as "E-commerce and the Amazon effect have resulted in the extremely high US per capita retail space being even less sustainable than before."
I was about to get NEXUS just for this reason.  Then my job changed their car policy and we have to take company cars instead of our own, so now it's not worth it; but I think for most people living near the border it would be a good idea.
There's been multiple stories about the US having way more than any other country, ~~such as https://qz.com/1032723/theres-much-more-empty-retail-space-in-the-us-than-in-other-countries-on-a-per-capita-level/.~~

Edit: My bad, I did a search and picked a story quickly, but that one is about the US have the most vacant space.

[Here's one](http://www.businessinsider.com/the-retail-apocalypse-has-officially-descended-on-america-2017-3) that talks about the US having the most retail space per capita.  A quote from it follows:

*The US has 23.5 square feet of retail space per person, compared with 16.4 square feet in Canada and 11.1 square feet in Australia, the next two countries with the most retail space per capita, according to a Morningstar Credit Ratings report from October.*
Yes, it's an issue with band 66.  Here's even an article that announces that the Oneplus 5 has a fix rolling out today for specifically the band 66 issues.

https://mobilesyrup.com/2017/11/02/oneplus-starts-rolling-oxygenos-update-includes-fix-better-band-66-compatibility/
Freedom is saying "It's our horrible network"?

I call bullshit on that.  Please link me to such statements.
I'll definitely agree with you there.  I used to enjoy going to a mall occasionally.  I now live 2 blocks from a mall and visit only a few times a year for a very quick trip, usually gift buying related.
>The only reason Singapore doesn't look like this is that all the malls are owned by companies that are owned oh-so-indirectly by the Party.

No, that's not the only reason.  Singapore has a 11.6 sq ft per capita of retail space.  The US has 23.6.  Twice the retail space per person definitely makes the problem worse.
What kind of office do you work in?  They need washrooms so people don't have to hold it for 10 hours and lunchrooms are basically kitchens.
>They all seem to go out the same way.

Not all, they're building new malls around me and I've never heard of a failed one nearby.  But I'm not American; it's truly a US phenomena caused largely due to the much higher rate of retail space per capita as compared to any other country.
A TOS does not create law.
>Yet people who bought phones from freedom are also having the issue.

If the problem is with the phone, who you bought it from is not going to make a difference.  The phone doesn't go "I have the wrong drivers, but because you bought me from Freedom I'll find some way to work despite that."  Hardware manufacturers make the drivers for their hardware, it won't be fixed until they do so.
It's not removing content.  If you did remove content, Google would no longer index it.  Instead it's censoring Google's results when that content does exist.
> which is basically any European country except the UK and Ireland

Have things changed over the years?  It's been a long time since I backpacked Europe, but I received a stamp when we flew into the UK and then upon getting off the ferry to Holland all we did was hold our passports up as we passed on either side of the custom's booth.  I didn't get a second passport stamp until I was leaving Italy by ferry to Greece (you had to have an exit stamp from the police, not border control, to get on the ferry).
Multiple models that all have the same processor.

If it was Freedom's issue, it would be all models.

This issue is on Qualcomm, the maker of the processor.  They messed up on the Band 66 portion of their drivers.  You're not having the issue in the US because you're not on Band 66.

Instead of using shitty logic, try looking the issue up.  It's very well documented.
As said by /u/Otacon56, in simplified terms that is an issue with specific phone, specifically they all share the same Qualcomm processor and the issue is with the Qualcomm supplied drivers.  Other phones with different processors are not affected. Some affected phones, such as the Oneplus 5, reportedly have now pushed out fixes.
It's part of my job to take pictures of houses, and occasionally I'll grab a picture of the inside to note how far along they are in construction.  I've got a good SLR that produces similar photos, including the interior photo.  That's what you get when you press your camera against a window and the light inside is poor.
I'm afraid it comes down to you may wish to know, but you don't really need to know.  And since there is no need to know, there's really no need to either:

1. Force the family to have more to deal with, nor
1. Publicize it in any way so that someone who perhaps needs help sees it as a way to get their name in the news.
>The contractor isn't getting all that money. They get a quarter of it.

Travel, hotel, equipment, etc. is billed separately in this contract, also at similarly inflated rates.  Since you're saying that you've experienced the same rates when all those things are included; then these rates are inflated.

The per hour rates solely go to the sub-contractor as his wage only and the remainder to Whitefish.

Also, you don't subtract out overhead and profit, and then say what is left over goes to the company.  That would be more profit.
>any longer

No, that too is wrong.  Perhaps (and it's just a perhaps, because there is no guarantees that 57 will be faster) it won't be the case at that moment.  It won't be static though, Chrome will come out with it's own improvements.  I notice you ignore that, even though you want to use a future assumption for Firefox's speed.
>they dont sell my information to advertisers

Google doesn't sell your information to advertisers.

Firefox, on the other hand, makes it's money by setting the default search engine to Yahoo.  You didn't compare Firefox to Chrome, instead you choose to compare Chrome's search engine to Firefox. 
 If you want to compare Google to anything in this scenario, it needs to be Yahoo.  Yahoo is a lot further behind in security than Google; they have been hacked and people's Yahoo data is available for sale.

And before you start saying you can change the search engine in Firefox... you can do the same in Chrome.

You've got a hardon for Firefox... we get it.  But you're coming in her singing it's virtues without knowing what you're talking about.
No, there isn't.

Both pieces of software are constantly being upgraded.  You can't compare future expectations of Firefox with today's version of Chrome.  One day Firefox might be faster at those aspects; but then in the future Chrome will be even faster.  It goes back and forth.  But for numerous features right now, Firefox is slower.
"Chrome only beat them because Firefox was slower" is not really an excuse.
Google being open about it is a good thing.  Firefox is not immune from government warrants, are they as open about it as Google?
Please read the article before posting.  They actually interviewed a lawyer, and he's directly quoted both as saying there is no laws about sales and that retailers are free to raise prices just before a sale.
> Even when you add in the cost of transporting them to Puerto Rico

You don't add that in... they also get separately paid for the flights ($1000 per one way flight), accomodations ($332 per man per day), and meals ($79 per man per day); plus of course many other added on expenses such as work trucks, tools, etc.   The wages are simply the wages, after they actually pay the sub-contactor's wage the rest is per profit as the get to bill all other expenses with similar levels of profit.

See the last few pages of https://apps.npr.org/documents/document.html?id=4151304-Whitefish-Contract-Signed-10-17-Copy
Wow, both a jerk and unable to comprehend an on topic counter argument.  Or perhaps that just your reaction when you're wrong.

I guess I didn't express it well enough, but one or two mention of Terrans doesn't make your argument, Star Trek constantly refers to humans and yet calls every other race based on their planet origin.   Notice it's Vulancs vs humans in what I quoted.  And Star Trek constantly refers to Earth, hadly ever Terra.  OP was not wrong, and you didn't have to be such an asshole when trying to put down both him and nor again with me.
So when someone says that Vulcans have green blood and Betazoids are telepathic, that is completely to do with the planet on which they lived?  If they get a Starfleet career and emmigrate to Earth for the job, their children will not have those attributes because they are not Vulcan/Betazoid?

For your explanation to be true, Amanda Greyson's blood was green as she became a Vulcan. 

Clearly those names refer to the race.  It's been a sore spot for me too.  If you need more confirmation, consider the following exchange which clearly shows "Vulcan" is a race, not the inhabitors of a certain planet:

CHAPEL: I've checked the blood bank. There isn't enough Vulcan blood and plasma to even begin such an operation of this type. 

KIRK: There are other Vulcans aboard. 

SAREK: My blood type is T-negative. Somewhat rare, even for a Vulcan. 

MCCOY: Yes, I'd say that's rare. 

SPOCK: My blood is T-negative, Doctor. 

CHAPEL: We've run a number of blood tests on Mister Spock. It isn't true Vulcan blood either. It has human blood elements in it.
>It would be a good explanation, except other races planets are referred to by proper name, such a Vulcan or Betazed. 

There is no reason to suppose that they wouldn't adopt the names of or give English names to significant planets, especially Vulcan which is the home planet of the first alien civilization encountered; but not do it for every single individual planet after they got to certain point.  Too many names would have someone trying to remember what planet was in what system.

It could also be that all planets at first had a numbered designators, even Vulcan, but ones talked about frequently had nicknames that eventually became the actual English name; that is how language works in real life.

A third possiblity that the other races don't have a unique name for their planet, just like we don't.  "Earth" means dirt.  Perhaps many other races similarly named their planets and thus the direct translation of their planet name would be "Earth", so the universal translator substitutes the numbered designation.  But perhaps for planets like Vulcan and Betazed the natives had a unique name for it that didn't mean "dirt" and could thus be used.

I perfer to think it's a combination of all of these ideas.
Abbotsford is in both their band 7 and 13 areas.

The areas choosen so far likely have been selected for specific reasons such as having underutilized bandwidth on band 4 or being smaller markets where the local techs could refine the utilization before moving onto bigger regions.
There is definitely tailgating going on.
>Yes, and Japan's population density of 336 people per square kilometer makes that feasible.

That in no way negates his argument.  He was correct to point out that the height of the buildings is not dependent on earthquakes.
One mistake on a brand new machine learning tool is not "a damn joke".  Please get back to us when you make something even better.
>A band66 phone is not a requirement to get an LTE SIM

You're talking to someone with an LTE SIM and a non-band 66 phone, remember?

>Anyone who signed up since last November

A small portion of the overall customers

>or upgraded recently to one of the $40/$50 LTE plans and asked for a replacement SIM would be ready to go at the flip of a switch. 

The store could not upgrade you, you had to do it online or by phone, and they cannot supply SIMs.  Almost everyone that did upgrade will have not bothered getting a new SIM until they got a new phone.  I'm likely one of the few that bothered as my job takes me into rural areas where I'm roaming, and when I went in and asked for a LTE Sim the Abbotsford store was not handing them out if your didn't have an Band 66 phone.  I had to say I had a Oneplus 5 on the way to get one.

>Also everyone with a b66 phone is also capable of using b4. They may not yet be optimized to use the latter portion of spectrum first. A case of first come first serve that doesn't impact b66 users, only those limited to the first portion (b4)

Maybe, but now this is going away from your original arguement.

You ignored the fact I already brought up that the bandwidth was serving everyone in Abbotsford fine using 3G, and LTE would optimize it more.  This is a small market with lots of towers, I live across from one and there is one 2 blocks from my work which is 6 minutes away, and yet there is a tower halfway.  When the optimizations of the 3G network were completed speeds were then fantastic as this is not a congested area.  There is no reason for the LTE bands to be congested.

What is almost certainly happening is that it's only been one day; they have yet to get Band 66 optimized so I don't doubt that Band 4 will be very far from smoothly working on day one.  There's really no reason nor basis to look for alternative theories at this time.
99% of the holdouts will not have LTE capable SIM cards, so that really doesn't explain it.

The holdouts also have been using this band all along. Sure, not all of it was reprovisioned, but LTE is much more efficient.
>If you can't be civil, then I'm not going to continue this with you further.

If I can't be civil???  You're the one telling me I'm not looking hard enough. 

>Maybe if you do a search that includes the word throttle, you might have more luck.

No, you don't search to see if the common term being used is throttle by including the world throttle.  That's exactly the opposite of seeing how others are referring to it, but rather is cherrypicking results.

You should perhaps look and see that I'm not the only one in this thread.  It was you that choose to say there is throttling, and more than one person has told you that you're wrong.  You've said the articles all call it that... they don't.  You said it happens to all users, the articles say it doesn't.  You response is to just repeat over and over what you've already said.  I invited you to offer proof, you instead go back to repeating what you already said.  I can see this is going nowhere, you have your opinion but it's not backed up by anything out there when a proper search is made, so I'lll exit now.
>Articles that call it throttling are a dime a dozen. You're just not looking hard enough.

If I have to look for them, then they are not the common useage.  Face it, you're just plain wrong here.

>The point being that once you hit the limit, your speed slows down

Not according to all the main articles out there.  Since you're wrong on the first point, I'm going to have to call bullshit until you show major sources that say what you claim, because a search shows the opposite.
Yes, I'm on LTE, I already had it on so I could get LTE when roaming.  I live less than 150 metres from a tower, I'll do a speedtest in a bit when I take my dog out and and direct line of site with the antennaes.
I just did a Google search of "t-moble 50GB", and the first 5 results were all articles calling it prioritization during congestion or an "optional throttle".  It does not appear the articles out there are calling this outright throttling nor stating it is always in effect.  So no, when you hit the 50GB limit, your speed does not always slow down.
What you understand is also my understanding.  I don't see, however, how this support your theory at all, since it didn't happen and then later the issue was declared fixed.  They are declaring it fixed before any refarming could have any effect.
It's been on now for 24 hours here in Abbotsford; on my phone that does not get band 66 so far the speeds are the same or slower than before.