This is a loss I’m ok with. Julio clearly wasn’t 100%, hope that fares well going forward. We just didn’t get it done.
He’s up there for me for sure. Dude is hyped. All day. He knows he’s got it good and he’s making the most of it with all sorts of passion. Dudes awesome. 
They're a friggin hoot on a 2-3 wt. I love grabbing a small backpack, stuff it full of poppers and beer and hit the ponds as the sun is going down. 
This is where the 'hyper-nationalism' and 'militaristic behavior' comes in. Oh you mean militaristic like how Obama dropped more bombs than you can shake a stick at while Trump is working active peace talks? Right there with them trying to turn patriotism that doesn't support the New World Order being a bad thing? Got it. I guess he's a fascist then.
Same exact thing happened to me and my friend. Are you Shawn?
Gonna have to work on getting both cheeks in to the next one. 
Hot take, hot take.
Awwww Smoltz is great. Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? Got bad reviews. It’s got no atmosphere. *crickets*
I did that and broke my cheap ass $10 grinder all to shit. Beans everywhere. Ground and unground. Not good. lol
I'm just glad I'm only listening on the radio and can't see this buffoonery. 
And he's so god damn pompous about it. Like he's the golden boy of fucking umpiring. Ridiculous.
I'm right there with you. I am listening to probably 150 minimum on the radio either on the phone or actual radio. Mixing a lot of TV in too.
Such a nasty slider. I remember that article in 2012(?) or so when he had literally the most unhittable pitch in the majors. So awesome.
hahahahaha ahhh fuck. thats golden.
SPLOOSH
That was super gifable. Hilarious. Lol
HEHEHEHEHHOHHHOHOHOHOGOHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH FUCK
Oh my god. My Pop too. “God damn it use two hands”.
I think a handoff was attempted, the transfer wasn’t great, there was some bobbling and somehow minter ended up with the baton. 
His 3rd and 4th AB’s looked good. I think we’re just going to have to deal with him being an aggressive dude. 
They can’t. They can’t figure out what kind of meat sauce goes on spaghetti. 
NOW THIS IS POD RACING.
SPHEED KILZ
It’s the Atlanta way. 
Bad defense is fucking us in the butt this series. 
Fuckin bullet from Ender damn. 
OH GOOD LETS GET HIM ONE LAST AB BEFORE WE DFA HIM. FUCK. 
Zing. Got em. 
You are god damn kidding me. 
Always loved venters. Dude was the boss. That slider. Wtf
You nailed the realistic stance for sure. This is what we should be. We are sad that we have shown flashes of brilliance and can’t keep it up. Rightly so. Oh well. 
I believe that highlights our weaknesses pretty well though. 
That's great. My wife has a cousin that still skiing regularly apparently in VT. Crazy.

Eff the heat man. It's no joke. Spent a few summers up in the Adirondacks. Place is magical in the summer.
You have pretty much nailed it. We are living in an unprecedented time. No one can argue that. And it's a time that I'm not super keen on.
I'm so curious as to what Upstate NY looks like right now. My dad grew up in Lake Luzerne.
I mean harbinger of chaos is a stretch. A malicious lobbyist organization that takes all comers, sure. Recruiting tool? They wished to instill chaos and hatred within democratic countries. That's what they got. Recruiting for what...? There is no embracing of Russian ideology. No 'choosing' enemies efforts. You guys are off your rockers on this. Have a good one.
The NRA is a scummy bag of shit. They have no back bone and they pander to the wrong interests for all the wrong reasons. I won't back them. But the whole point here is that it was said that Republicans are choosing Russia over their own country. That is false even by your explanation. I just don't understand that blind statement.
A dictionary defines words, it does not cite moments. I am asking for a moment, an example.
Can you explain what you mean by ‘embracing our enemies in effort to promote their own interests’?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yeah it’s really pretty bad. They’re already fairly taxed due to less than economic starts. 
3-18 team on a 5 game skid? 

"You're gonna like the way we blow this opportunity, I guarantee it."
-Atlanta sports gods
Same, pretty disappointed now.
Both of them?
Its almost to the point where we whip up an online petition just to let them know how many folks are getting irritated by it. It used to be so organic...
Seriously. Just let it happen organically. PLEASE. I remember old organic chips at the Ted that made your hairs stand up. 
DON’T MESS WITH THE JOHAN. 
That’s good stuff. This might push me over to getting that Fire Frogs hat I’ve been eyeing. 
Dude was slingin it. 
I mean I see it, but he and the training staff aren’t total stubborn asses. You can’t just switch to that after a botched jab at a bouncer I don’t think. 
Come again?
Or has the back of his hair painted on. 
I get it. 
No kidding I don't have to, just as she has the ability to produce whatever she wants to. Liberty is a wonderful thing. It also allows me to be critical of her content if I so chose. What a world we live in, huh?
That kind of logic comes from a man who shits after he showers. 
I really hate when any one says something along the lines of 'I don't do', with emphasis on the word do. I mean really, we have come this far and gotten that lazy with the English language that we use the word 'do' for anything. It's just sounds flat lazy.
The flaming death spiral is coming. Just wait. 
I don’t want to be a total dick, but her lack of actual golf skill really makes this even worse. I mean if you’re going to work the ass angle, you’ve got to be able to break 80 consistently to be relevant. Or maybe not. 
Exactly. I just want to spread the word for first timers as much as I can. It's so damn simple... There's always those folks out there that over engineering everything they do for the sake of being an 'enthusiast' or some shit though.
That's awesome! I remember the days of drawing up gears, screws, and parts in drafting class. Wish I had stuck with it. Satisfying work.
Their pepperoni pizza is super tasty too.
Right there with you. Built my first one a month or so ago. Was told you can't do it with out roll pin punches, vice block, wrench, yada yada. Kit showed up, decided to give it a shot with a hammer, a nail punch, and some pliers, and an hour and a half later I had it done with no prior experience. It is not rocket science.
Throw it on the ground like pocket sand, hope they go off.
Those little pizzas are 11/10 delicious.
I'd be straight with 16 Browns games.
I'm pretty happy that they seem to live on just some normal looking street. Granted the houses out of view are 3-5 mil a piece I'm sure.
I'm IWB 4:00 with a DeSantis right now. I'm not sure if I'll ever OWB. Probably looking to drop to a G43 and toss this 4" in the safe.
Yup. I feel like my ass is just pushing it all over. It just doesn’t quite work for my 4:00 IWB deal. 
Yeah it was on sale and I just said fuck it in a whim. It’s such an odd pistol. It’s fine. But it’s long to conceal and low capacity. I should have just gotten a 43. 
Ding ding ding. Winner.
When he has given the sentiment that governing adults are old and decrepit and 'need help sending a fucking imessage, and we're having to do the same thing with the government', it's not a call to action. It's ignorant arrogance.
Oh absolutely, and I agree. And there is obvious correlation of the black community being stronger in areas where slavery used to be prevalent. I just have a hard time saying the south is the way it is because of the Confederacy. The region thrived upon plantation farming. It’s just natural that our area outproduces the north in terms of certain crops. The south exploited it rightly in a sense of that’s what the land provides and wrongly in that it used free labor. But I am of the point of view that a region so heartily invested in farming and plantation work will fall behind regions based in industrialized economics in terms of growth. Education and innovation was prized in the north, not in the south, due to many factors. Slavery being one of them, but capitalistic free market economy and chasing opportunity being some of the others. 
I really just wanted to point out that there really can be no conclusion made by this information alone. Can it contribute? Sure. Full conclusion? No.

I agree that the style of economy versus the industrialized north is a large factor, but I also think the total dedication to a plantation society is what nipped the region in terms of 'growth'. While slavery is an unacceptable practice, I do not believe that it alone is the contributing factor to this data. Meaning I don't believe it's fair to label this as essentially placing blame upon 'Confederacy' ideology. 
Your original argument is of lower human development. It is fair that /u/just4thelul points out that you could draw a different causation from the information just as you did.
I KIND OF WANT TO ACCEPT OUR WINDOW LICKING MASCOT. IT'S NOT HIS FAULT HE'S FUCKING DUMB. 
I THINK WE MISSED THE JOKE.

Love it. His nostrils are...prodigious. 
It fuckin blows. I gave up on it when the governor came in to play. I want season 1/2 zombie fighting and survival. I don't want a political/social struggle just like every other show.
This still doesn't explain the linear revolutionary style battle tactics. Super realistic.
I want to love everything about NOLA. The culture, the food, even most of the people are nice. Then wham, I remember the taints are from there and it all goes away.
The day the chicken salad removal was announced I bout lost my fuckin mind. Then after the uproar they came out and said sorry, but here's the recipe. First time in my life I was almost in full REEEEEEEEEEE mode.
I just think of wrists that don't turn right.

It no joke won’t.its fucking awful. I knew there would be days like this where it all comes roaring back. 
It’s the god damned worst. Kill me. 
I legit cried after the super bowl. I won’t even play. Not baby sobbing, but tears were shed. My dad and I have watched every down of falcons football since I knew what the fuck it was. We just kept looking at each other as it was happening with horror in our faces. It was awful. 
I always tell people that it no joke was one of the top 5 worst days of my life. But to be able to say that, I have been very fucking fortunate. 
Totally agree. My situational awareness has always been there to a fault. And not having any tool to help any poor situation was not good. Glad I did what I should have done a while back. 
Bruce Hooper and pooping after a shower. 
Joe West looks like he should be collecting pennies in the middle of a road for the yaarab. 
Remember when all we wanted was 6 out of a starter. O’ventbrel could take it from there. 
Maybe safe is the wrong word. I at least have an answer. Before I was helpless. 
It's overall a shitty hole. Very underwhelming.
Exactly. Not a fan. Very common for players to shoot for bunkers as a back stop for second shots in to par 5’s. Lameeeeee. 
I kind of like designs that use bunkers as true hazards you don't want to go in. I really hate number 7 at Augusta for instance, blast a tee shot in the woods? Eh fuck it, smash it in to one of the 19 bunkers up there and take your chance at it. It takes a lot of thought out of it.
You got that right. I was non-confrontational to begin with, now I basically don't exist.
Ahh you've got it in .45. Different for mine in 9. I enjoy shooting it at the range. I enjoy everything about it really, but I haven't really enjoyed carrying it. Even when I angle it at 4:00 or so it just feels awkward. I am really considering smaller for CC. I kind of wish I just went with the 3.3".
Same thing here. Last one was a deputy who asked me what I was doing out at this time of night, like 1:00, when I was 26-ish. I politely told him in so many words that it's not his concern.
That sounds like one of the worst places to find yourself. I'd stay away from those things if you could.
I really like it pretty well even considering the PR debacle from Springfield sadly. I shoot it well and it fits my hand well. *shrug*
Looking over this one, and it looks sharp as hell... I'm swinging by the shop to check it out. Thanks.
Been there with them. I have never gotten so much as a speeding ticket, but I have gotten the what for from them 3-4 times.
It was a compromise I was willing to make, it was on sale after all. *facepalm*
Sheeeeeeeeit. They told me 4 weeks and I got it in 3. So there's that. I hope they're just being conservative for ya.
I no joke feel better about being out. It's an interesting feeling. I at least don't feel helpless.
That's fair!
Fair enough. I drive like a damn granny, so I'm right there with you. Thanks!
That's fair, I'm getting sucked in by the capacity, but I guess I'd rather add a mag to the carry than not have a reliable CC. I appreciate the feedback.
When I have handled and shot one, I was a little put off by its slimness. Great for concealing, not my ideal ergonomics though. I have small hands too.
Hey there! I have shot a Shield. I like it pretty well I suppose. I mainly like it's form factor I think. I shoot my XD-S well (first handgun purchase, and wasn't really thinking CC for it.) but it's just a hair longer than I will want during the summer I think. I haven't shot but 50-75 rounds through a Shield though, so I don't have a great opinion of it, but it was nice. My buddies 43 was pretty slick though. They both seem to be pretty sharp, but I think I prefer the capacity of the Shield.
Thank you, sir. Have you had any experiences with LEO here yet? I have picked the brain of a few Cherokee County officers and they all seem to be very supportive.
Safety furst. ^why^did^I^buy^this^thing...
> Walther PPS M2

I hadn't considered this at all really. Looks to be comparable in size to all of them though.
I have seen sentiments from both sides on the 365. Some say the 'second' gen is fixed, some say it's not. After your anecdote, I think that brings a level of concern I don't want in my CC. I appreciate that feedback.
Took me three weeks on the dot to get my license to me. Pretty happy with the whole deal, for what it's worth to any of you potential Georgia folks applying. 

Do want to grab something other than my XDS 4". Eyeing a Glock 43, Sig P365, or a Shield. I really can't make up my mind there. It appears that there is no real favorite there and lots of folks that love each of them. Just need something that I can wear in the miserable Georgia summer heat with a t-shirt.
You really should bring a snorkel, goggles, and an underwater camera to minimize the time out of water. /s
"God damn it me anyway"

Thank you for this.
This is where a manager is supposed to come in and steady the storm. Perhaps by bringing in Minter to shut shit down. But.... nah. 
Yeah I think it’s a little goofy to get all in a huff over a solo shot. We all know this game, and we all know perfection isn’t a part of it. 
Oh I know I’m kidding. That was a meatball parmigiana. 
Kind of a cunty bat flip there. #unspokenrules
That run around after that “snag”.... lol
It’s like Mogadishu to them. 
It’s the ol chipgasm. 
I’m a big ass man, myself. 
Bless his heart. 
No kidding. Even Ozzie didn’t know what the hell was going on. Lol
I have a friend who’s grandparents are Cherokee blood who are big braves fans. They don’t find much of it very offensive. Only Chief Noc A Homa rubbed his grandfather a little the wrong way.
They were phenomenal. So fucking fun to watch. Venters slider was borderline unhittable. 
I still withhold my vote for O'ventbrel.
Dude's a pro-fesh-eee-nul. He'll be alright. Just a bump in the road.
I mean he's a serviceable LF'er. Has good power potential, just needs to learn to field comfortably, and by the looks of it he is getting there.
He's always going to be like your retarded uncle. You shake your head at him daily, but you still love him. I guess.
[WHATTTTTTTTTTTTT](https://imgur.com/gallery/nXPruDN)

Balk Rules
1) You can't just be up there and just doin' a balk like that.

1a. A balk is when you

1b. Okay well listen. A balk is when you balk the

1c. Let me start over

1c-a. The pitcher is not allowed to do a motion to the, uh, batter, that prohibits the batter from doing, you know, just trying to hit the ball. You can't do that.

1c-b. Once the pitcher is in the stretch, he can't be over here and say to the runner, like, "I'm gonna get ya! I'm gonna tag you out! You better watch your butt!" and then just be like he didn't even do that.

1c-b(1). Like, if you're about to pitch and then don't pitch, you have to still pitch. You cannot not pitch. Does that make any sense?

1c-b(2). You gotta be, throwing motion of the ball, and then, until you just throw it.

1c-b(2)-a. Okay, well, you can have the ball up here, like this, but then there's the balk you gotta think about.

1c-b(2)-b. Fairuza Balk hasn't been in any movies in forever. I hope she wasn't typecast as that racist lady in American History X.

1c-b(2)-b(i). Oh wait, she was in The Waterboy too! That would be even worse.

1c-b(2)-b(ii). "get in mah bellah" -- Adam Water, "The Waterboy." Haha, classic...

1c-b(3). Okay seriously though. A balk is when the pitcher makes a movement that, as determined by, when you do a move involving the baseball and field of

2) Do not do a balk please.
Same. I shall wait for the GIF before I rage.
What in the actual.
What in the gaaaaaaaaaaay?
*makes note to never buy sucrets*
...ohmygod.... I just ate my lunch.
That is one fucking nasty looking lozenge. I don't know of one that comes in baby shit green color.
I'm not even joking. What the fuck is that. I have hocked some serious lougies in my life, if that's even what that is, but mine don't come close to that.....thing...
I can see that and I can also agree with and disagree with that stance at the very same time. There’s a reason we all don’t have a good answer for this, it’s one of our toughest questions to answer, those some would disagree. I also agree that it is not our place to play morale police. However there has to be a point where law comes in to play as acting over a human. We all know this and again, it’s why we don’t have an answer.  
Same exact thought. But at some point I do suppose you are murdering a child. Is that when it truly exists the body? Or before? I would assume most agree with before a certain time frame. 
I’m with you. There is a point where it becomes a human. What’s that point. Most pro lifers I know are also pro birth control. Just seems their line is a little closer to conception. 
What do you use all of that extra room in your chest pack for if there's not a flask in there...?
> toolcenter.com
Oh man. That place is legit.

Awww man out of stock for my 82" Wahhh.

Working on the jig for sure. Good call on the vacuuming. Didn't even think about that!
Oh absolutely. Same. I am still scarred from that night when Tom touched us though.
Oh, I have trusty rusty on my keychain. It never strays too far.
*puts razor blade down* Whew.
There we go. Let the hate fill you from within. *GIDP incoming*

Fuckin send it.
I fucking guarantee it.
First and second no out? Time for electric boogaloo triple play!
WHY DO WE HATE SUCCESS IN THIS TOWN FUCK
SAD!
.....Don't you talk like that. Do you not remember that fateful night in Atlanta sports history....?
Y'all some buttholes. This whole 'must have enough info to overturn' shit is dumb. Look at it. If you can determine if he is safe with a little bit of common sense, fucking do it. You don't need each pixel to line up perfectly for someone to make a call. 
:( I can't hate on big cuntry.
DuDEeeeeEEeeEe!
I can see that for sure. I was actually fairly pleased with my outcome here, but still has some undulation I'd like to get rid of. 

When you say stack, you mean stack them face to face, right? Not a good idea to leave them flat out open to the air? That's something there... I have about 15 log foot of this stuff, I'm hoping to turn it in to some good boards.

Thank you!
Would love to grab a 1-2 tpi blade. Do you have a good, reasonably priced online dealer suggestion?
That's awesome. It's a super neat saw. Noted. I hadn't thought about drying, but this is some seriously fresh wet wood. I should be reasonable at 1" planks drying, right? And give them what, at least 6 months? What kind of moisture level is acceptable?

I am planning on planing as well. Thanks for the tips!
Any pointers moving forward would be AWESOME. Planning on trying to rip/redraw a few planks off each size. Maybe 3/4” in width. Plane them after? Idk. Really just going in blind here. 
Jim doesn’t fuck around. He deals it sometimes in the most polite southern way possible. 
I just cannot believe how much of a shitshow this is. I’m seriously blown away. 
Do you ever just watch every pitch of a game in some kind of trance. Last out is recorded and you think 'no no that can't be right. We didn't do anything"?
God how nice would it be to sniff a CG out of someone right now. #dreams
He's so bitter-sweet to me, much like all of us. Dude has heart and gives it his all. Sometimes has his stuff working, like last night. But other times, yiiiiiikes.
Two eyed mother sucker woulda done it too.
If you need slow motion replay to determine whether the knee buckling or jump turn is occurring first, then you should be able to understand why it's not called often.
haha! I wouldn't even call it a problem even. It's just kind of the game. That's fine, doesn't make me the biggest fan due to the angle of trying to draw fouls, but whatever. But the low scoring nature of soccer and ease of defense to play a man down and still be effective lets home boy roll around whining about his bruised forehead for 2 minutes while trying to pull a foul or what have you. The game just has an interesting dynamic that I don't fully get. It's such a part of it and the strategy that it's a hair offputting. Whatever, I know my opinion of flopping isn't reforming the international view of the worlds most popular sport.
Each reaction is just a product of the rules for each sport. That's it. If there wasn't any benefit to getting the call or carrying out a time delaying feat, then it wouldn't happen. It's a big factor of why I don't like basketball or soccer as much. There are avenues to exploit the rules for your favor and everyone just accepts that. Up 1 goal in the final minutes of a match? Milk that shit homie, everyone else does. Flop to the floor like you just had your soul taken out of you from a forearm touch? That's 2 shots for you. Working the clock or refs in both sports is a big part of each game. And it's not enjoyable. 

Bigger thing for me is that the issues in soccer seem to be able to be alleviated quite easily in today's world. We have the ability to actually stop the clock now with relative ease... Basketball, I have no idea how to 'fix' what most people don't view as an issue.
I’m sorry?
I heard 24 at first pitch on game 1.
I don’t know much about her but there’s a strange family dynamic there. Yeah, notice how there wasn’t much family around after while Rickie and Jordan had there’s around. 
Unfair and fight do not go in the same sentence. A fight is a fight. If you take it upon yourself to harm me, there is no morality in using a 'well-suited' self defense method. I didn't start this shit, you are the criminal. Goodbye.
I love his patriotism and outwardness. I don't care if he's a dick and all, but he's been accused of cheating and kicked off UGA's team. I just hope he's turning a new page and that was all young and dumb behavior. The dude plays match play like no ones business. The Ryder Cup is made for him.
He's alright, I love his patriotism and his Ryder Cup performances and attitude, but he's kind of a skeezy guy. Many reports of cheating in collegiate golf, kicked off two teams, UGA no longer associates with him, etc. Hopefully that was just being young and dumb and he's turned a page. Either way, big congrats on getting that green jacket.
Dansby doin the can-can too
I've never thought about this, but I would assume that means a runner on 3rd scores in this situation?
Strongly disagree. Clean those fuckers up and have them running like a top. Zero them out and give em plenty of rounds to eat. Come and get them if you dare. I don’t want to live in a country where personal freedoms are eliminated. We will stand for what we are. 
You're right. This is a control day. All about consistency and patience, trying to drop a few 15 footers.
Some of his pace today...... shiiiiit
Loved those balls!
These Friday pins are nutso.
*sad trombone noises*
God some times you don’t realize how ticked most of these are until our see the sheet. Some of these are death traps. 
One of us... one of us....
Fuck em. Used to think the same until one day I walked in and the gun counter was gone. Asked if it was because of sales and I was told they don't want to support sales any longer. Right back out I went.
Got a little bit of Christopher Walken goin here.
Doubling down on the wrong position.
Have we ever stopped to think that they actually are...?
Whoooooaaaaa there cowboy. Issajoke. 
Awwww looks like Mr. Huge Ass Fuckin Storm is going to try and mess with our good time.
Bruce Hooper poops after he showers.

Ahhh nah. Eff it. Shoot what you want. They’re fun. Just seemed appropriate that these guys who were not taking the entire experience too seriously were shooting joke targets. 
One of my most recent trips to the land of the fudd included a Dad and his two sons (20ish y/o). They were shooting a 1911 taking turns blasting away one handed because I'm pretty sure I heard the notion from Dad that real men don't shoot with two hands. Done with the .45, Dad pulls out the AR and sends a few. This part I did see. The son said he didn't want to because it's pretty aggressive. Fair enough for a new shooter, but still, my niece can shoot one confidently... Then Dad is adamant that he didn't raise no women and they're going to shoot the AR.

You guessed it, they were shooting zombie targets too. 
Haha! That makes sense! I’m just getting going on woodworking and this might be my first awesome job for a planer. It’s powered. Eff that by hand. Lol
Awesome! Did you plane the ugly planks in to the good ones?
What about the Constitutional Party? Big perks for people not being able to spell it in their tweets.

-Abraham Lincoln
You guys are awesome. I am genuinely happy that there is a portion of the gay community that understands we're not these anti-gay bigots. We are just as welcoming as anyone else so long as you don't want to take away our rights or have an affinity to aloha snackbar.
We are playing the role of the kid who gets poked and prodded in a high school movie to the point where he cold clocks the bully in the jaw. We don’t want no troubles, but we’ll bring them if you want them. 
How does the saying go again...? Start shit, get hit? 
How about a list of where you can carry. Shit house mouse. 
This is my go to when I find myself wanting that 'I almost peed a little' laugh.
It's ok, he thinks national level coordination at many levels is complete grarssroots work and doesn't have any political ties at all. It's all funded by 18 year olds.
You're missing the point. This isn't about facts. Let's ban the .223. It's far and away the most destructive round. Certainly not surpassed by almost 80% of rifle cartridges. /s
Exactly my point. And exactly the root of 2A supporter concern. 
Sure, we'll give you all of the other non-specified (whether they are rifles or not) and we'll add them to the rifle list (p.s. rifle isn't a term for AR only, there's a lot more types of rifles). You've got 2300 murders with rifles. That's 100 shy of DOUBLE the amount murdered with handguns! Where's the clamoring for those? In fact, while we're at it, let's ban them all! They're all used for murder! 
I bought an XDs as my first pistol too. 4". Bought as just a dicking around pistol before I was interested in CCW, and before I knew about Springfield's practices. I'm curious at how you sold it and maybe what for.
I like this one. At first they are frustrated, but hopefully as your demeanor truly comes off as non-aggressive, you might be able to actually provide a level of understanding. Maybe we even pick up a few along the way.
Yeah, for every 'McIlroy to win Open in 10 years' there is a 500 pound bet of 'Tiger Woods will undergo a sex change before he dies'.

Exactly. Shit the wife and I make good money, but I am not about to turn a Falcons game in to a price of a weekend getaway. That’s fucking dumb. It’s like a mini vacation. 
I can imagine. I’ve been to only one. At Bobby Dodd. And it was nutttts. Mercedes-Benz has got to be way crazier. 
I am right there with you man. It's a huge huge detractor. I have beat that drum for a long time. I ride and die with my Falcons, but I am not paying $200+ for two decent tickets for my wife and I. After everything is considered (parking, food, gas) we're looking at a $300 day. Fuck off with that. 
Man, I want Falcons games to be that way so bad...
The old Tiger Woods games were my shit. God they were fun.
Let's be me together. It would double our ammo budget.
........ *puts more ammo in shopping cart*
'observable not smartness' Whew. Have a good day, sir.
I cannot figure out why this place isn't exploding over this. There isn't a single post about it. This is the beginning of the censorship in a much wider sweeping range here.
I'm fairly concerned for more wide sweeping censorship. I can see /r/ar15 being next, followed by /r/guns, and /r/the_donald can't be too far behind. This place is going the way of the UK. We need a different meet up place.
Say it with me, "I don't like the Constitution".
100%. But what should we do?
You ain't fucking kidding. This is no joke. They are pushing their cucked bullshit so hard now. We have to organize better.
...
We need to get over there and take over the community. Create just what we did here. It can be done, because it was done here too. I'm going in on Voat and I will do my part to vote it back to reason. It would be great if a lot of other folks did as well. Don't bail! This place is going down the shitter! Free speech is being attacked here!
LOL you LITERALLY define ad hominem, but nice job using that SAT word of the day. I hope you make it to the next kappa sig kegger.
The dumbing down of America. Got it. You're must be interested in disregarding the Constitution to fit your version of new age liberalism. Just like daddy Cooper wants you to, huh? Any one who disagrees with you is a psuedo-intellectual and is actively being dumbed down. Quite progressive there.

You want to talk about projection? You started this chain here by singling out a man's opinion due to a college fandom?
Just built my first AR. Just signed up for voat. Fuck SPEZ. CCW next week. This shit is getting serious.
Oh my god please. This is horseshit. This is one of the first steps.
HOLY SHIT I JUST SAW THIS. THIS IS FUCKING BEGINNING PEOPLE.
Makes sense. Sounds like I just really didn't get the 40lbs with my ghetto rig like I thought.
So funny. The modified a dicks in my local town to include a field and stream next door. Big bucks I’m sure to acquire the retail space next to them, renovate and connect the two stores. That place is a damn ghost town. I went in right after the news to see if they had any AR parts left out. All gone. All the gun counter guys were saying how fucking dumb the whole thing was. One had already put his two weeks in. 
I’m right there with you. This isn’t gender equality, or sexual orientation, or any other civil issue. This is non-negotiable stuff. You’re anti-gun, you’re not getting my business. 
That’s a good idea. Almost over tighten, the come back to it. It’s a PSA buffer tube. This is all my first go and I could be completely wrong but I don’t think this was all manufactured correctly. Perhaps what I get for cheaping out.

Only reason I ask is I had followed sootch’s lower assembly video and a different one, neither of those tubes had a tooth on them. 

And this only came up as the buffer detent came free as I must not have torqued the tube enough (didn’t stake either). I was fearful of the detent coming free due to how little of the “tooth” was holding it in.
Ok I figured it was an alignment suggestion for what have you but it essentially is in the wrong spot/degree mark. I can barely get the corner over the detent due to how far it’s already gone in at that point. I feel like I see what it’s designed for but it simply won’t work fully correctly no matter how I put the tube in. I have seen tubes without this, would it be ok to file this off?
Do not contact us again, it hurts our FEE FEE'S REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

I hail......from Spain.
Man. That sure is a visual. I’m the same way though. 
Oh good lord lol
reeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Hahahaha just reading this comment a few months later. This is great. Question for you though, how do you fish these stripers with a fly rod? You gotta get a sinking line and get deeper, no? 
Yeah I understand, I just have a hard time formalizing a figure head of some real shit programs/groups in a hung on the wall fashion. You typically put people of honor and goodness on a wall, sure throw pics of Hitler and Mao and Che in a book all day. That's education with context. A picture on the wall is almost always a form of remembrance and praise/adoration. I'm not saying you're wrong, but without context, a picture can be a poor example of learning.
Please just innocently ask her why this "guy" is on the wall. lol
I mean it's blown up to a large size and hung on the wall. I understand your point, but you typically wouldn't print up a 30"x50" poster of Hitler just because he's notable.

Ha! That is great. And frighteningly accurate.
I got hit with some wicked nostalgia just now. Renaming mp3s deleting the ones that were liars from Kazaa. 
You got that right on ugly. There’s no real explanation for it but when I have a shitty wooly bugger half way through the tie (which is quite often, I suck) I just keep making it ugly and nasty and they work great for bass. Lol. 
I will never forget his MVP day in the SB. 
Therefore if he did go, against his will, he is now lumped in to a massive amount of students who did not wish to participate but are now labeled as supporters of the cause... 
Didn’t know about all of this when I bought my XDS a few months back. Wish I could trade it in for a Glock easier than what I’m seeing. 
Fair enough. Didn’t know that. But that is some fairly damning stuff in my eyes. 
Ding ding ding. I will have zero issues not buying a single ticket to a game if this shit makes it to the majors. This is horseshit. Baseball is pure. Leave it fucking be you ignorant fuckbags. 
I wish his parents would exhibit the same courage that Seth did. Who knows what kind of manipulation they are currently under, but I would have to imagine Seth learned a little about how to speak out from them. 
That’s it. Always loved playing the Saratoga spa course. Got to play Saratoga national one year. Mannnnnnnnnn. 
What part? Dad is from Hadley. Love playing some of those courses in the area...
beep beep
And maybe it’s just me but it’s going to suck as a replacement for reddit or even Facebook. It’s like a retarded version of Twitter it seems. 
I disagree. Where is the line and when do they cross it? Surely tearing a pro 2A sign out of your hand and actin violently towards the sign holder is getting closer to the line. Alarm the left. Let them know how we feel. Just like that Churchill quote posted earlier, be glad that you’ve pissed someone off with you opinion, it means you’ve stood for something in your life. I don’t know about everyone else, but this is my something to stand for. Fuck these people. We don’t present danger with our weapons. 
That is some awesome engineering. Really neat stuff.
You know that third guy is sitting there staring blankly at his screen wondering if he might actually be slightly mentally challenged. We've all been there. Nice work not giving up!
Good for you man! If you don't mind me asking, does most of your income come from sales of pieces? Or YouTube?
Pretty impressive. A channel and appearing to be making a living at it!
Holy handrail batman.
Makes sense. Simple enough really.
Man, as a new guy to the hobby, this is super awesome and inspiring.
Just curious, how would you go about creating a concrete top to this? I guess you could just make a mold?
Phrasing. Nice. Hahaha
Southern women are not to be trifled with. My Nana had a look that could melt steel beams. You didn't dare tell her how to think. Hillary doesn't know shit about women who don't beat her sexist drum.

You can’t speak in fact and logic here, sir. 
I like mine for wet wading rivers for fishing. :(
Fuck this place. We need a new home altogether. Meant a different non-spez’d site. 
They fucking better. Fucking do it you cucked fucking idiots. That will be one of the first dominoes
[holy shit stop](https://i.imgur.com/iMIL0zo.jpg)
Nope can’t end well. They’re right. Sitting in he same room as Kim will immediately begin a nuclear attack. Wtf. 
Literally saying now that this is Trump admitting they are a threat and that the meeting will be about acknowledgement and proof from NK that they are a serious threat. What the fuck. Did Hitler call everybody over for a round table to say that “I’m serious this time, see!?”  
Literally am seeing the argument that this is the U.S. admitting that NK is on level playing ground as a threat and that this is vindication of their power. And that this is the worst thing ever. What. The. Fuck. 
That to me was another hmmm moment. I got both in inside of two minutes tops with no threat of the thing flying off. I’m getting a real interesting vibe from everyone’s opinions now. Just take your time. I used my hands and finger nails for both pins. No tools. YouTube videos help to make sense of how they function if you need a tip. 
I used a table, a concrete basement floor, and a book. A small file/punch which wasn’t that necessary, and a hammer. The lower can be done by a neanderthal. Sure it would have been easier with that stuff but it’s not that big of a deal without it. I have seen folks saying they must be used, you’re crazy for not using them, etc. That’s exaggeration. Seems to me the only thing you really need if you have an assembled upper is just some desire to finish it and a hammer. And a castle wrench. 
Oh ok awesome. Thanks!
I have heard that staking isn’t necessarily mandatory.  might want back in there at some point...? Was considering torquing it, and using some blue loctite threadlocker. 
I'm swinging by the local shop for a castle nut wrench, but what is the other of the two things that need specialized tools? Am I missing something?
I was considering just torque wrenching it on. What is your opinion on how to finish it?

This past year. I was an assistant pro at a course working towards PGA professional/head pro, been at it for about 4 years. So as anyone in the golf business will tell you, it's not about playing. But I played in a pro-am where the pro plays his own ball through out and the other 3 players in the group can use the pro as a best ball partner. I shot a 70 and finished 2nd in the stand alone pro division. Pretty proud of that considering how much play/practice I had. Fast forward a couple of months. A buddy is playing a very very small mini tour event, like 30 guys, $200 a head or so. He convinced me to give it a whirl. I lost 11 golf balls, finished with one ball, shot I believe what was a 109...? Yeah. 109. What up. Keep in mind I had passed the PGA PAT test, and have a decent idea of how to play the game. 109. *shudder* I had to apologize to my playing partners. lol
Oh ok cool! Yeah that makes sense. Just didn’t know if you needed a special oil for whatever reason. 
Doesn’t really make sense to compare other sports. That’s the beauty of golf, you can play competitively for a pretty large window. 
What kind of oil dip did you use? Am I wrong in thinking just straight up motor oil? lol
Hey, Tony Finau, Tommy Gainey, Wesley Bryan...
The first season was great. Really focused on the golf. I remember the wet and rainy elimination holes towards the end. That was fun to watch.
Yes! I fondly remember watching the first season with my dad. We had a wood stove in the living room, and we would make pork chops in a pan on the stove so we wouldn't miss the action... lol What a great memory.
Cat grave.
Oh yeah this is just a simple throw together. Castle nut isn’t even hand tight. Buffers not in. I just wanted to show off my completely unspecial, half assembled AR to show people who might be in my boat that anyone can do it with little to no tools. 
First AR. Just a PSA freedom kit. I had heard ranging opinions on what tools are required or suggested but I said fuck it and started throwing it together with a small punch, a hammer, electrical tape and Atlas Shrugged to help with my trigger guard ears. It really wasn’t that bad. If you have any handy skills at all, you can handle it with minimal tools. Highly recommended so far. I was on the fence about buying assembled or building. I have learned way more about the fire control group by putting it together. I recommend building. Don’t let it intimidate you. It’s easy. Planning on a carry handle and some mags tomorrow to see how she goes bang. 
They haven't been told by Kimmel to care about it yet.
I would shit. 
Do or do not, there is no try.
Idk man, 'extreme DUI' might look pretty good on a resume.
He wants his echo chamber back.
Hate it for em.
That is not the attitude we should have with this. Carrying and being responsible for a firearm is a huge deal. This can't be treated so cavalier. If a person has made it to say 30 years old without handling a firearm for self-defense, getting them to start for reasons other than personal motivation is reckless in my opinion. And teaching and physical protection against violent threats don't go hand in hand in my book. They didn't sign up for that mindset. If they wish to, then by all means, have at it.

I was about to google trouser worms on my work computer. I had a moment of clarity right before hitting enter. To the phone I go.
That's.... perfect.... 
The video is pathetic. Cops genuinely trying to be fair, but he wrote a nasty ass letter about the ordeal. A fair bit of it fabricated. 
I wouldn’t mind his skill set, obviously, but I don’t want that scum bag here. 
Holy shite. What state you in?
Um hello, am I missing something. These fuckers actively censor his main channel and you all want and actively resubscrive to a different channel on the Dave chucked website?!?! 
Hype train loading up on coal...
Thanks for the clarification.
Man, can you imagine how this would have been reacted to if we had won... We would have been ok paying him 100 a year.
I mean they're all sitting at the same angle. It's got that going for it....?
Still swinging the VR Pro myself. Heck of a stick. 
Something something best shape of my life, looking to expand on last year, can't wait to be in mid season form. 

HOLY BATMAN SHIT. I CANT TYPE OR STRING TOGETHER THOUGHT. 
Poops after the shower.

Edit: I lick windows. 
Now that is pretty nifty.
Because it used to be fun to watch. If I recall correctly the NBA is around 40% 3 point attempts per game. I don't want to watch GS pop 3's all day as the new strategy. Not that it matters what I think or say about it, but it used to be more fun to watch in my opinion. That's all. I'm not trying to attack anyone.
lol. That was good. I'm not meaning any ill will here really. I just don't like the modern game. Again, to each their own. 
:,(
I just don’t care about a stare down. Lol. The act after the stare down is not physically impressive to me. Much of the sport revolves around showing each other up over what I deem to be not entirely interesting athletic feats. All you see on highlights are threes and dunks. Like I said before, just not my cup of tea at all. To each their own. 
Well, like I said in a different comment, it's just not my sport. The physical skill to me isn't all that impressive. A slight shimmy and a shot from 3 just like everyone else. I'm biased, but I don't think we can act like this is some sick cross up.
Agreed. And this wouldn't make it through anyways. I do think you are correct, but I still don't like the talk he uses. This isn't some bargaining tool.
I'm being insensitive, but I'm just laughing at the answer to his request to help this man get off the streets is to hit hit with stink bomb juice and a non-stop air horn. Just the visuals hahaha....
And we have folks in here going on about 'extreme skill'. It was a soft push and pull back with WJ losing his balance. Then standing around while the other 4 defenders literally watch him, only to, to everyone's surprise, shoot a three. Woopdeefuckingdo.
I see that angle, and I know it's just my point of view because the league is widely popular, but I just can't see extreme talent. It was a soft shake and a three. To each their own I suppose.
I’m not. AR build kit still in delivery and no supply of bang bangs. 
I was expecting more a climactic sweeping legislation to send it rolling. They’re going to start small. I guarantee it. Anyone that has one now is ok, that eases the reaction of them and gets the ball rolling. But we’ll know what’s to come. 
I’m with you. If this shit continues, I will consider everything he says is a lie. 
I don’t know who the fuck I’ll vote for if he continues down their anti-2A bullshit he’s on. 
I’ll lose by god damn mind if he continues to be serious about this. 
Don’t drink the fucking koolaid. Think. 
No no. We know exactly what side to be on. Topics come before presidential support. This is horseshit. 
Yo don’t get to 4D chess with our fucking constitutional rights. Those should be untouchable. 
This is a blow to my faith in him. Huge blow. Like number one way for me to lose faith. This is non-negotiable. 
You guys are drinking koolaid. He doesn’t deserve 100% total unequivocal support while wishing to violate constitutional rights. 
Oh the humanity....
Thank God it wasn't a fully semi-auto pump... Think of the consequences....
This is their culture in NYC. We're a freaking social experiment these days. They got the diversity they want alright.
Ohmggoddddd the shinnssssss
It’s the 21oz. Only use it to grab hot water. Then I press in to a normal mug. 
Ahhh. I only use the flask to go bring back hot water from the kitchen. I just use a standard mug to press in to. 
Sometimes it’s just so damn wholesome. Not that that’s an awful thing. 
I’m not nearly as fancy as most. But this bag of goodies is always in my backpack at work and around town. https://i.imgur.com/6PBaQFW.jpg
ohhh that's good thinking...
I feel so out of the loop on pocket. I literally can't think of a way it would improve my life. I suppose for folks that travel or lose signal a lot it makes perfect sense. 
That's cheating. Put it back and catch a stocker.
These guys can lick my nuts.
I hate when that happens.
Time to get back in mid season form, boys. Get those rain delay and Bruce memes moving!
BRUCE HOOPER POOPS AFTER HE SHOWERS.
Zoom zoom.
That barely warrants a response. I guess handguns are instantly useless the second an AR is around.
It honestly is. I have serious issue with it too. This type of behavior should be below us. Granted I support the general basis of the removal of the tax, but this is not the way we should formally operate. 
I agree with you. And most of this sub should as well. The underlying issue is that this shit was in place in the first place. Everyone claims that without it, Delta won't be able to compete against international airlines. Then so fucking be it. It's the market, it's not the governments job to ensure that their particular 'winner' makes it.
My wife got in to that shit this year. She said she loves the predictability. 
*facepalm*
That's why I said right minds. If you legitimately think this is a tax payer funded tool, you should focus on passing 5th grade right now.
It's a digital postmark.
Um no. No one in their actual right mind believes that this was actually funded by the department as a serious tool. Of course it's a publicity thing. The joke, which isn't much of a joke, is about their ineptitude, which is actually real.
I hope the disclose their monthly sign ups lol
Always have wanted to get out there for yalls barbecue. Ain't all bad around here. I will admit it gets way to uppity and lefty for my taste. But I'm a Georgia boy.
You’re shittin me. 
There are some very neat, from what I can tell, maps for each section. They are quite brittle but I think I may open them up and post them tomorrow to share.
Come and get em bitches. Half your police/national guard force would turn to your enemies anyways. Go ahead and fuck everything up if you dare. 
Same here. I just need to research more about who’s dick got sucked for this break in the first place. 
Hey we have really neat areas that aren’t infested with fegs... :( 
What ever happened to the stories of kids getting sent home with those super soaker keychains? Zero tolerance huh?
I will tomorrow! I keep in on my desk at work. I did notice it was from 1973 or so. 
Until people start understanding that his ISNT POLITICS, and that it is pure crony capitalism, nothing will change. Cagle shouldn’t come out like this, but the root of all this bullshit is crony capitalism. Picking fucking the winners. That’s it. The fact that everyone in here is more upset that he’s using the NRA as a threat here, which is horseshit, rather than being upset over literally what everyone in here hates the republicans for is insane. 
It’s not even punishment, it’s returning business back to sound business policy. No one is calling this what it is. Crony capitalism. He’s a fuck bag for rescinding a bullshit tax break due to NRA stances, but still, ultimately a good thing. He’s only blaming it on the NRA so he can pull more fucking offers out when it’s convenient. 
Delta receiving a tax subsidy is literally crony capitalism. And hell no Cagle shouldn’t come out like this. He wants to attack crony capitalism policy without calling it what it is so he can pull it out of his ass when he needs it. 
From what I knew before they passed, Nana and Pop wished to section hike over a long period. Not sure what they finished. I know they didn’t finish due to kids and a business. I mostly just romanticize it and day dream about it. 
I appreciate the heads up. Will plug in ASAP.
I see your angle. I'm with you. It's a fools errand. Simply impossible. Lots of feel good solutions out there.
I mean I don't necessarily agree that they go hand in hand. The actual check for the purchase of the weapon should be the last time they are involved with that weapon. I don't have an issue with where it's at now, but when guys like Cruz can sneak past the check -not due to its reach and scope, but due to ineptitude of the FBI, state, local departments- more checkmarks to hit on these background checks is not the answer. We can't handle where it's at right now. Who knows how many others are sneaking through, just like Cruz.

I don't fully understand why you can't have proper, well handled and regulated background checks with out registration. Maybe I'm missing something.
Yeaaaaah. My old ass was in bed.
Agreed. They severely underestimate the backlash that would occur.
It's not even worth a response. This is great. Go ahead and try kiddo. lol
Yeah, this one isn't even worth explaining how ridiculous and insane this is. I mean just think about the feasibility of the government being able to institute new programs of tracking, licensing, etc. It would be an abject failure. Doesn't matter because to get to that point they're going to have to go to war with us and half of the military force.
You're exactly right. Their 'live' rerun broadcasts were ass. I just wanted to watch the womens hockey match at a decent hour...
Wasn't the women's hockey match put on at something crazy like 11:30 EST on a Thursday? And it was all re-run material, but it was put after some bullshit like mixed long program figure skating. I mean come on people, you hype up the game and put it dead ass last on a weekday?
That’s exactly why I went with it. Haha. All other flasks look ridiculous if you’re trying to not look like a boozer. 
I have one for fly fishing. Fits right in my cheat pouch and it’s so perfect. Very well made and a great size. 
I am certainly a lay man, but the Clinton/DNC tie is still undefended and one of the BIGGEST issues in my eyes. But they’ll all keep pretending that didn’t happen. 
God damn Shepherd is such a cuck. “No designs on the President or the White House, just, y’know, one of this things”. Bitch, no one drives a van at a barricade at the White House for fucking giggles. 
I am trying my damndest on my social media platforms. I have sent out the twitter feed link and other supporting information to inform people. I get nothing. I ask for everyone to put aside five minute of their day to read the info. Nothing. I put up one comment supporting the AR platform? Everyone comes out of the woodworks. I don’t know how to spread this effectively....
What can we do other than spread the word. This is amazingly crooked. We have to start demanding reaction...
Place is a dummmmmp
Literally blame ANYTHING ELSE other than your window licking ass just being ignorant.
I miss football.

I, for one, fuckin hate sunsets.
I would have absolutely obliged. Anything for the niece. Especially when it involves stubbornness. 
I am not a writer that’s for sure. And formatting is above my pay grade. 
I’m with you. I party down after. I don’t hate it, but I’d prefer it to not be going. 
THIS IS A NO FUN ZONE. 
Pshaw. Processed cheese product is the only silicone based cheese product I want on my genetically modified potato flakes. 
Oh that is fucking great. 'subtle thrusting' got me. hahahaha. I think some of us can certainly share in the surprise drunk fucking encounter with a friend. Sadly.
I am a big rotater. Bite of waffle, bite of bacon, bite of hashbrown, bite of egg, sip of coffee, repeat until gorged. But the sandwich sounds appealing...
The All Star Special is a gift we are not worthy of.
Yeah, you take that shit back right this second. This is the way to do it. What are they supposed to do, mix it up and ruin that crispy top layer? That's bananas. 
I know it's crazy, but I look at the registered lowers as a challenge. Yep, I have them, you have the address. Let's throw down if you so choose.
/r/datashouldntbemessy
Yeah, not a very informative map honestly.
Difference there is a ton of draw spin on it. His ball hit and rolled out up hill. The goofy shot of the tee will just fall dead and is fairly neutral in side spin thus making it susceptible to cross wind.
They underestimate us. The law abiding citizens who don't want to modify shit. They don't think we will fight for what this country stands for. 
Oh man, do it. This type of stuff will start them down their path of 'resistance', they'll fight back, rally the vagina head gals, gather the face masked battery throwers, and they'll get their shit pushed in.
You're damn right.
I'm with you! I have figured out how to make a great cup with french press and an aero here with local roasted stuff. I'm cool with just that. And good on everyone for helping everyone out, but I don't need to see people asking how to fix a broken gasket on a 2006 guantaissimo 4000 or how to pick out the best machine for a $3000 budget. The sub is kind of bleh to me now.
Oh good god...
I mean yeahhhhh technically, but.... just because someone comes in and drives the cost of living up, doesn't mean I'm losing my apartment while working at the grocery store. If you're 'poor' the cost of living impact on your lower income housing isn't going to be affected as much as the middle of the road housing costs. 
Do you happen to still have a source? I'm getting ready to scream this all out over my social media, would like every piece of additional info there is.
You have to admit it's a little suspicious. Dude is reading scripted lines in multiple interviews, stumbles and asks to repeat in this one, and then appears in the NEWS footage, not the actual footage on the beach, of the lifeguard story. He was not in the footage of his 'friend' being harassed, only claimed to be a friend for the news story and published the source video to his youtube.

There's some funky shit there man. 
On completely different coasts...
I don't know about the homelessness, but it will certainly affect the cost of living for the worse.
We should all meet up at Big Woods and let our AR's blow off some steam before they murder someone.
It’s mind blowingly good. Man the biscuits....
Back when I went there, the local university, Kennesaw State, was top 10 on the maxim list for hottest campus. Boy they weren’t wrong....
Woodstock pede right below ya!
Acworth is full of great people. 
Mamas Boy for breakfast. 
You have a bone to pick with any one that succeeds via business. You don’t value innovation. You don’t value what this country has produced. You want to flip it on its head and mold it in to something completely different. I’d love to know how you make a living. If you do make a living or are passing this evil corporate stuff on from your professor. 
You hate business and think ‘people’ alone drive this country. That’s virtuous. Thanks for the discussion. 
Business is not the lifeblood of the nation. The people are. Come on. That is the most virtuous thing you can possible say. The people can just magically pay the bills and keep us the GDP leader in the world? Magical. You're swilling the left kool aid hardcore. What industry do you work in?
Well good for you, but you are probably going to die because of it. /s
This shit's going to lead to a god damn war.
You have got to drop this 'the rich getting richer thing' it's a lazy point of view and completely disregards the innovation, risk, success, etc. that this country and its citizens have gone through to bring us to where we are today. And yes, a tax cut to a corporation is exactly what is best. It is not the job of the government to support the failing markets i.e. Obama bailing out. They are not loopholes. They are ways to incentivize companies to repatriate their funds back in to different aspects of their business to forward themselves. You don't just get to 'not pay taxes' cuz of a corporate loophole. Business drives this country and the second we dick it over, the second labor gets replaced by technology to a faster rate, the prices of products drive higher, and we all get fucked over because the cost of doing business (taxes) went up. But you can keep thinking the big old rich millionaire Tim Cook and the like are out to fuck everyone in the ass. It's a really easy stance to take. Business is bad because they're rich and I'm not. Grrrrrr.

Look I'm with you on the budget, but the tax rate is not the way to attack it. Clinton taxed us beyond belief, Bush fucked us in the ass with his little war, and Obama decided to bail it all out. Now Congress decides that fuck it, we can't fix it now, increase it.
It's not lazy or false. And you're going to brag about Clinton creating a surplus? You mean creating a surplus via the only revenue the federal government has, tax dollars? You are ok with 'overcharging' the citizens and corporations of the country? Neat. Bush was a fucking trainwreck no matter how you look at it. Republican congress and Bush fucked us raw. I am not a Republican drum beater by any means. And then Obama had to come in and bail out the cluster fuck that was left behind. As you know, it's not one administration. It has been a cluster forever and as of right now, it's not changing.
Absolutely. 100% I mean, I feel it's extremely broad to say this is the fault of democracy. It's just human nature to over extend to ensure your own safety, in my eyes.
They are doing that research HERE now. That is the difference! How fucking hard is this to understand!
https://appleinsider.com/articles/18/01/17/apple-ceo-tim-cook-cites-gop-tax-reform-as-driver-in-350b-us-investment
Creating jobs in this country, new facilities in this country, more growth in this country. I cannot believe I have to defend this. There is SEVERE hatred in a company that grosses that type of profit in so many peoples eyes. 

http://fortune.com/2017/12/29/irs-tax-rate-guidance-foreign-income/

Liquid funds used to be taxed at 35% coming back. That's insane. Trump is allowing cash to come back at 15.5% Take the $252 billion of Apple. They would only see $163.5 billion of that cash make it in to their domestic hands for use. Under the new rate, they will see $212 billion of that. $48.5 billion dollas is a 'little bit more'? Be honest, you haven't even looked at this from a neutral standpoint. I'm not trying to be a dick, but that is HUGE money. That's why no one has brought their foreign gains back!

If you want to oppose this type of reform, then I will give you the same type of insulting non-response you gave in your last comment.
The rate of taxation is now lower in the U.S. than the foreign tax. They were dodging or avoided repatriation tax of that money coming back to the U.S. Of course they're in it for a profit, that's how business works. Jobs didn't dedicate his life to innovation for shits and giggles. Innovations typically represents opportunity. Financial opportunity. It's. Not. A. Bad. Thing. Cook now deems it worth to bring back the foreign cash to use here. Before, bringing it back in would have taxed it too highly to make any money coming back here worth it.
Apple had over $252 billion sitting in foreign accounts all to evade the ridiculously high corporate tax in this country. Reform is passed to promote the return of foreign funds, to essentially stop revenue tax evasion, and you call it fiscally irresponsible. Come on now. 

Apple was keeping the large majority of its cash from profits/sales away from this country due to the overly high tax rate. Funds are literally being brought in to this country and you try and spin it to say 'oh boy the rich can just keep getting richer'. They can do what ever the hell they want, they can continue AI research, chipset research, any technological research they wish (that you more than likely are in favor of). But since it was improved upon by Trump policy, you LOATHE it.
It ends in 2025. But oh fuck yeah. The budget is a god damn joke. Both sides are fucking idiotic with the budget. Neither of them wants to have the blood on their hands for the slashing that would have to occur.
Have fun over in /r/politics. The circle jerk is just as strong.
*facepalm* 
I mean I hate to be douchey, but the CEO of a Top 10 worldwide market cap company says he sorely needed tax reform to support his business in its home country...


https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/17/technology/apple-tax-bill-repatriate-cash.html
The tax cut ends in 2025. And you are going to sit there and say that you would rather not have a tax cut for 7 years than have what we have now for 7 and then expire? And it's not 'rich folks'. Private income tax is included in this tax plan. Business taxation is separate. And if you are genuinely upset that corporations have received a tax cut allowing them to invest further in this country, you need to rethink your media consumption. I guess all the return of Apple's foreign cash is a bad thing too, huh?
[yeahhhhh....](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/157/180/712.gif)
Pretty good? My tax bill was lowered by roughly $1400.
Ah ok. There it is. Was waiting for it. The comparison of a genocidal mass murderer to someone who desires a certain economic strategy. Sound logic there. 

Spez: I can’t believe I missed the ‘kidding’ haha I’m a tard. Apologies. Although the same still stands for anyone who wants to call anyone a Nazi. 
Does it really take courage? It's kind of the lock step reaction from some in response to literally anything he does.
Every now and then you run across one that really gets you going. Same here. 
I have more faith in our country that has a president who support nationalist economic policy rather than a globalist view.
I literally have more money in my paycheck.
You can put the koolaid down now. He's not in office anymore.
I see it too
Should go back to shitlandia and wear that shit. 
ABSOLUTELY. 
Stealing this if you don’t mind. Well said. 
Perfect. That's kind of what I was wondering about.
You are absolutely correct. 
In 100% agreement. And as long as its a voluntary program, I'm cool. I just don't want Mrs. Johnson flinging rounds in to everything but the target. That's all.
It's like....milky.... its nasty to me
At least you didn't say you love swinging meat or something.
Oh man, that's a dream of mine... Nice work!
Well I'll be. I only have like one lake in my state to use that info on, but that's awesome. Thanks!
Right I 100% agree with you in terms of letting them fight back with the proper tools. I just can't wrap my head around the logistics of determining which teachers are allowed to carry due to training and experience, etc. To me, it seems like a logistical nightmare. Not everyone has experience with this type of protection and as much I would hate to create barriers to allowing teachers to do so, I would almost want them to have to show up monthly for mandatory USPSA style training.
Yep. It is what it is at this point. Would I love zero gun violence? Obviously. But you can't shove your head ignorantly into the sand on all this, like you say. Just not a viable option.
Ninjee stars.
Forgive my ignorance to stillwater trout, but do you strip buggers or something?
Do the edges lift up/start to peel off? That's my only concern.
I wrapped the back of my 7+ with athletic tape. Was neat for a little bit. Definitely wore off quickly though.
How much of a pain in the ass was it to get that slickwrap on?
Awesome! I'm in and paid!
I'm in if there's still room.

Edit: Just sent you a PM with email address.
.....ding ding ding..... I'm glad I'm not the only one who saw it.
Bob found his soft side. Good for him.
More tide podz.
Change the law to what?
Dolla dolla bills y'all.
HARRRRRRRRRR. -Fish


I like to think that he went so hard as a drill instructor that he simply ran out of gas and only had enough energy to whisper and paint.
Just remembered about Han.
It happens to me in every sport they spin in. "Oh, look, the dude just turned in to an air pretzel. Impressive."
They talk big but they'd get their fucking shit pushed in if they ever tried to say that to someones face. Fucking pathetic.
Can I ask more about resting? Salt it up and let it come to room temperature?
So how'd ya do it? I have never given it a whirl, but my basic understanding is get that pan hotter than blazes, toss it on there a couple minutes a side then put the whole thing in the oven for a few?
I don’t use a keyboard at all actually. Most of my communiques will include heavy PDF attachments so I send all emails through desktop email. I do draw and take notes leaning in odd angles all over my desk though. Often times feet on the desk holding the pad. Don’t judge! A surface is not necessary. You can hold it landscape by hand and jot for a while. 
I can't quite speak to 3D modeling, but I do speak to architects all day long about the technical uses of my companies product. I am often sent plans and drawings to take a look at to see how our product will function. I do all of my call note taking and plan editing/markups on my 10.5" Pro with the Pencil. I really love it. Great for highlighting, notating, etc. Seriously has improved me ability to communicate more clearly. 

I know I don't add a ton of info to your main question, just wanted to toss out my experience with plan and print mark ups. 
And there it fucking issssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssskillme
It's possible?
Just awesome. From the mouths of the people. My grandmother was half Cherokee. Her and her brother look just like the folks in this video. I wouldn’t DARE to tout around my 1/16th, or whatever it may be, Cherokee blood. I am not apart of the heritage or culture. Would I like to learn more about my grandmothers past? Absolutely. Do I value their past and hope for a bright future for them? Yes.  But I will not make a mockery of their culture by bloodline. Have some couth, Warren. 
Oh no no no. Short reply on a phone. City is running rampant with murder, crime, poverty, etc after continuous rule of Democratic Party. That’s their fuckin problem. It’s bullshit that no one up there will wake up and open their eyes. 
Yes, don't forget the details. Illogical bullshit that is right there.
That and white oppression has left them nothing to lean on other than slinging heroin and shooting up the streets.  
At this point they have a great marketing scheme sitting on a tee for them. Parody their long receipts in to a new ad campaign. Bring some life to themselves.
Butter kind of makes me gag any ways. Ain't no way that shit is getting in my coffee.
No one will stop it. Train keeps on chuggin. Woo woo...
Ha! I like that logic.
Is that a iPhone SE? What case?

Huh. So in a 5 day match, that's just one game? Or if it ends super quick for some strange reason, it's just done right then and there?
So confused. I thought he would have another at bat. Basically its 11 players and they all get to bat one time in a game? That's it?
So if he were to keep smacking the ball away, he can stay 'alive' indefinitely? Racking up runs with no chance of him stopping until hes tagged out, caught, or bowled?
Hey I am a big fan of spaghetti with beef. Dump that whole tiny Tabasco in it and you've got a good meal.
I mean yeah... Kinda lame actually. This isn't a hill to fight on.
I wasn’t aware of the awful stigma of canned food. I eat all kinds of canned shit. Tuna, Vienna sausages, beans, etc. what’s their problem?
Sometimes we get in a frenzy over here.
Yeah I mean this is tacky as fuck, but this isn't the WH one is it?
I bet you're fun at parties.
Love your positivity!
In my first hour of research it seems that the CCENT to CCNA certification is a mixture of useful/in demand/challenging enough/etc. Am I looking in the right direction?
That's pretty awesome. What type of IT work mostly? I have a couple of friends who dabble in network services.
Any thoughts on demand in the industry right now?
For sure on the driving thing. I know most folks end up commuting, but you seem to hear a lot of IT from home stories. I'm not afraid of learning a new craft. I would love to strike gold like that!

Those are impressive cost of living numbers though. I would love to buy a sub $100k house and settle in to a place like that up in North GA.
That’s what we are striving for but I haven’t the slightest idea how to make a living out there. I am tech savvy but don’t know the first thing about getting in to an industry that would allow you to work in a rural location. Stuck at a desk job currently in the burbs. 
If only I could figure out how to make a living out there... what do y’all do? Just curious. 
You can take the man out of the A, but you can't take the A out of the man...?
Yeah, you're right. Braves baseball actually has a pretty large quiet dedication.
Definitely not the least in my opinion. That title would go to the Hawks. Lots of grandmas and grandpas that still love their Braves. But yeah, our one WS does irk me a hair. Strike shortened season, not even 162...
Ohhhhh I know how I’m spending my Sunday now. 
That’s perfect then. Not two weeks ago it was slam full of women’s right organizing and sign making apps with links to the kinkos app to print it out. They must offer a cuck discount. 
Have your specific apps, that’s fine. Ol’ Apple over here only wants to promote the Muslim one though. 
Of course. But you won’t see an ad touting them on the front page of the App Store will you?
That was cool as shit!!!
Totally understand. It leaves us in limbo sort of just hoping they support their products the way we find reasonable. I feel they somewhat over promised when unveiling the warranty but I don’t think they are wrong for modifying it. I hope that they support their judgements the way I think they will. Their customer service has been very reasonable for me. 
Sales and returns figures have the most to do with this than any info. Doesn’t matter if you have 100% customer satisfaction if you aren’t profitable. That kind of goes without saying. And no not every product must be supported in my and many other retailers eyes. Upper tier products often receive higher guarantee levels as opposed to lesser goods. All relative to quality and expected product life. Which brings me to my next point. 

The lifetime guarantee of a product from L.L. Bean perhaps is an over promise to entice consumers in to believing their product is superior. They believe so as well and will support their products well in to their product lifetime. Does this mean the life expectancy of the product (I.e. shoes designed to hike 400-600 Miles) or the lifetime of your product satisfaction (no true measurable value). If they decided to off the later, then perhaps again that was an over sell in an attempt to grab the market during a sellers market ( booming economic consumerism).

Now it’s my belief that the intention of the lifetime guarantee speaks to the lifetime of the product. Different products have different lifetimes naturally. A backpack will have a much long time wise life time than a pair of boots will. This new policy only covers LL Beans tail in regards to lower life expectancy goods. Which I think is 100% reasonable as if they were intent on providing a true lifetime warranty on shoes, those shoes are not going to market at $115, they will be a $500 shoe as replacements will be inevitable. The market obviously doesn’t support than for a ton of reasons. All again pointing towards the ending of this true lifetime warranty service. I would much prefer he option of the one year and the ‘judgement call’ past that. It would be at that point you have to put faith in a company to uphold their judgement and that is their call to answer to be judged on and I think they will handle that well judging from their other past customer relations. 
That’s not a logical way to look at it without sales and return numbers. We can’t speak to that. But obviously they went above and beyond to offer an above industry standard service and they deem it to be abused and unsustainable.
Annnd delete.
"Oh it's just me doing it, not a big deal"
Gah that 2010 team. Hinske, McClouth, Medlen, even Escobar, Ankiel, Beachy, Conrad, KK, JJ, Kimbrel, Chip, Ross, Oventbrel, the list goes on. Shit that was a GREAT team to watch...

Edit: ....Freeman, PeMo, Lowe, B-Mac, Hudson... sheeeez Prado, Wagner... I'm going to cream my pants in a minute.
Oh fuck yeah. I just make pennies compared to these other folks.
People don't seem to realize that that type of mass behavior only hurts consumers in the long run. Oh well.
An acquaintance of mine let me know of his excitement of the REI return policy back in the day and that it had helped him work through 3 pairs of Salomon trail runners... I was so peeved.

Meanwhile I had an old style Flash backpack from them and the shoulder strap came apart, idk 2 years later? And I had only half mentioned it to the REI clerk checking me out when I was buying a replacement that the old one falling apart was the reason I was buying this one. He said bring the old one in and we will make it right. I felt like I got the use out of my product and didn't want to try and job them out of a new one. But they went above and beyond to help me out. Great company.
Only about $14 a check for me. I’m so poor. Lol
Right. I think this isn't an awful idea. It is a fully gripping drug. You can't just stamp it out. I have seen it fairly first hand. Someone close to me just couldn't shake it even though he wanted to. They need serious help. This is a location where they can all work at it together and safely. 
I mean realistically Giselle has raked in more from her gig than Tom has by a good margin. That certainly has a factor in it. He's got to be one of the few ones whose spouse out earns him.
I am convinced there is some connection here... this is getting odd. Also happy birthday to you too!

Edit: I know the odds in a larger group of people are good but whoa. 
Bingo. That’s what I mean. Makes it just a hair shittier.  
Well just damn! What the hell were all of our parents doing in May?
The fact that he slammed back in to mediocrity so quickly is what gets me. Ugh...
It's never going away....
All of our dads. So true. That's mine's only comment when he sees it. 
Gahhh when you break it down like that... It feels like yesterday we lost the NFC to those shitbag niners.
Thanks! I am fond of it. And I am SUPER fond of my free meal at Provino's later. Gonna slam 4 pounds of garlic rolls and salad.
Happy birthday. Feeling older yet? I have officially pegged out the give-a-shit-o-meter with 28 I think. First steps of becoming a future father I guess.
Hey me too. Happy birthday fellow member of 2/8 master race. 
Go take a look at redacted. They’re over there saying oh no he was referring to something else. You’re taking it out of context. 
It’s going to take a LOT of work my friend. My parents and wife are as MAGA as they get but they struggle to follow all of this and keep up with the ramifications. This is great for the informed, not so huge hitting for the fringe folk. We need Hannity and Tucker to beat this thing in to the ground. 
Very cool. Impressive. I’ll have to give it a go too!
I went suuuuuuper slow. Lol. Still kind of a pain in the ass. 
That’s a good point too. Now he just needs to open up some Mazda dealerships and he’s golden. 
Did you do all that with your finger?!
> Spyro

Oh my god, skateboarding Spyro.
That's very true. Things could get interesting with two dogs and two humans.
It's the one time you don't get funny looks for calling yourself a stupid cocksucker for 3 jacking.
Looks like a ton of fun. Might have to take a similar trip with the wife.
Exactly. This map sucks on the basic premise of not being able to visual explain differences in a geographic manner. It doesn't accomplish much of anything. Rage.
Certainly has nothing to do with the absolutely retarded FA contracts of the past... Couldn't be a market correction.
Awwww man I had to get on the phone. I missed the best part?

Never mind, saw it. Wat.
Funny how they bring up inflation when wages rise at a natural economic supported rate, but no mention of it when they demand for $15/hr.
Oh man I hope so... I want a fair deal for all though. 
Give it to em.
It's cathartic.
The Who was so ehhhhh
So good...
The Chipgasms any time the ball leaves the infield grind my gears like no other.
"Happy Sunday to you all, I hope the fried chicken is crispy and the sweet tea is ice cold. Speaking of that reminds me of a time down in Dothan, AL..."
Yeah fuck it. DCA it is. I’m not smart enough to try and time. 
Yep. Maybe we should create a survey and send the results to Mr. Kaminski
Any particular reasoning?
Man, I want an ATL based chant for all of the teams SO bad.
The fucking drumming for 3 seconds, first round of the chant, and then it dies off. Repeat every 3 pitches.
Oh yeah? Well, the APA is here to tell you your opinion is wrong. http://www.apa.org/pi/oema/resources/indian-mascots.aspx

Friggin joke, this society.

Any basic 'strategy' as to how you let this kind of dip ride out? I am looking to buy and am wondering if I should hop in now or let it ride. I guess it's all the usual speculation, but not sure if there's a pattern regarding dips, like a 2-3 day period of continuation after a big dip.

I'm basically a moron with like just under 10k in the market, but I'm super long term. I'm kind of pumped to buy here soon...
I hate that so much. They played the best D of their lives for 43 minutes. And the offense suddenly stopped being able to possess the ball for more than 3 downs. The D was spent. They had given it everything they had.
Absolutely. Serious consistent errors on his shoulders. He's not getting a pass from me. I just wanted to say that I visited /r/eagles and was expecting a little more shit flipping. Maybe they were all out in the streets flipping cars, but still. I'm just proud of our emotion and fanbase.
Completely agree. I am just trying to mask the fact that I am pretty peeved that our inability to just make fucking plays is why we are where we are. But just the reaction of the subreddit and the fan base. It's getting stronger.
The only positive between this year and last year is that I didn’t punch a wall this year. 
Can anyone explain what it was?
It for real fucking hurts watching a team manage a game properly when opportunities to do so arise. 
Absolutely. That makes it worse. Not being able to make the plays. Sad. 
No no no like a round of triple hopped, raspberry infused IPAs for their soy boys. 
I will die fighting tooth and nail for this country and what it stands for. The second they look down the barrel at their self proclaimed “enemy” they will cower. They do not stand for this country, they stand for themselves, and themselves alone. They will not succeed and they know it. They are afraid. We believed in something ALREADY substantiated not an ideological, unrealistic belief. They are losing their grip and are panicking, go right ahead.
Those were the days... Sittin down with Pop eatin Blue Bell Vanilla, screen door open, Skip and Pete. It was always a quiet, calming excitement every night. Miss Chip and Pop.
Really touching. Pretty amazing that you have that special memory to look back on with your pops.

I had a similar experience myself. My Pop had dragged me to the range more than I can count as a kid. Would watch me practice with a smile on til the sun went down. Not much of a player, but loved to watch tournaments with me. A few years back, I am running junior golf tournaments and learn that Pop passed suddenly a day before a tournament. He was in NC and I in GA. Didn't have anyone to fill in as the tournament lead, so I ran it anyways the next day. Got my mind off of it. After the tournament ended late in the afternoon, I asked the host course if I could play 9 to clear my head and be alone. I went out and shot a 30. Shots to inside 5', long putts made, swing was perfect. Keep in mind I was a mid to high 70's assistant pro at the time, could I shoot that score? Sure. Likelihood? Less than 1%. 

I just know Pop was looking down on me giving me one last pat on the back. I was tearing up almost every shot. And I know your Grandpa was there with you yesterday. He will always be there with you. 
It's a damn shame. Really wanted him to recover for info recovery.
Shhhh you’re ruining the nickname. 
68%. Up up and away!

I can't deal with this fucker.
I didn't. That tore me up bad.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
There is a reason he’s speaking to 50 fuckbags in a garage. And had to rely on his family name to get him a spot on tv.
Raise taxes on families tomorrow? The fuck? Give me some of that blow there, joe. 
Huh. Guess not. That's fucking maddening. The Falcons are actually full of a bunch of good dudes and had minimal participation in the kneeling for a week or two (1-3 players I think) then it stopped all together. As a torn Falcons fan, I would like to believe Arthur Blank and Quinn put their foot down respectfully.
And I never really saw anyone rooting for the Falcons last year because they were a 'mostly black team'. I think that's injecting race in to all this shit when it honestly wasn't for the most part...
I just have to say.... your username. Shit. lol
You heard it here first.
Oh man the baby races. hahahaha
Like many others have said, prepare for the shit show. There will be a retaliation story on their side. Maybe 'DRUMPF EATS 2 SCOOPS OF TIDE PODZ FOR DESSERT'.
A fucking money raking, indoctrinating, thought control sham. 
*facepalm* 
Oh god. Just take him to the farm now. 
WE DEMAND TO BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY
The MSM literally cannot comprehend positive economic reactions to his tax plan. They will actually fight to not show that. How insane is that...?
Not if you can work it with the mouth. Hey now. 
Oh COME ON. now you’ve got a super cool German Shepard?!?! My lab collie mutt licks windows all day. 
Rip the bones apart on the flats. Bada bing, bada boom, you're in business.
So, you hiring?
Curse? On an Atlanta sports team? Couldn't be...
I was there for Ubaldos no-no. Same kind of deal. Super frustrating until you see what's going to happen and accept it. Brought a friend to that game for his first ball game. He always said nothing happens in baseball, I don't want to go to a game. Haven't gotten him back to another. lol
Bruce Hooper poops *after* he showers.
Grew up listening to Dad jam to them. Show Biz Kids and I Got The News are my two favorite songs. Such a unique and talented group. 
Fucking grinds my gears to no end. 
I seem to have contracted acute anxiety for the first time in my life.
He forgot the "HEY WHAT'S UP GUYS."
That type of response is exactly what is wrong with the American society. An opposing view point is quite often met with “HOW FUCKING DAREEEEEEE YOU REEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!1!1!11!!!” And if you take just a moment to sit back and think about how that will be received, it never ends well. But you don’t want it to end well. You aren’t trying to change or educate someone, you are looking to belittle and delegitimize. 
How can you not. This isn’t the land of the broken. If you want to be here, do so legally. You do not get to disregard policy for a sympathetic cause. 
That’s impossible. 
For the greater good. 
And fuck the Phillies. Every soul from that city is fucking toxically rude. 
Honestly, I’m not just bullshitting, but the AFC is so god damn boring and it’s always the same David and Goliath bullshit for the SB. I am gonna watch the SB, but I’m not too pumped. 
Fast do his size white dude shows up makes stupid plays for 18 ypc average, some gay ass flea flicker shit, Brady saving all his saiyan power for the fourth quarter, opposition defense always gets gassed in the 4th. It’s always the same. 
It’s like no one in this thread has ever played ball before. The stamina required to keep up solid steady D in the fourth quarter when your offense isn’t possessing the ball is INSANE. Even for seasoned pros. It’s the end of the season and they are super gassed. 
I have said in surrounding comments that /r/the_donald is 100% biased. However as someone else said, at least that subreddit doesn’t hide behind ‘bipartisanship’. 
You legitimately don’t think there is extreme bias in /r/politics?
That’s a very good point. 
I went from an mini 2 to a 10.5” Pro with the pencil. Main use is for work. I take a ton of technical calls and take a metric fuck ton of notes. I use goodnotes to edit a “blank” pdf form per job. I save each one to a weekly notebook and sync it at the end of the day. It has literally changed my job for the better so much... I can instantly send notes relating to jobs to coworkers instead of scanning or reformatting a handwritten note. It’s so great. I feel that the 9.7” May be just a hair too small for what I do though. Maybe not, but the smaller bezels really help with pencil note taking. Love the thing. Highly recommend and I feel it’s super future proof like everyone is saying. 
You’re exactly right. It is far and away the most toxic communities on this site. And the second you make a comment out of line step, you are crucified with their holier than thou attitudes. He’s a MYSOGONISTIC MURDERING, RUBBER DUCK FUCKING INBRED REEEEEEE. Look, he isn’t the lord and savior some think he is, but he is far from making literal Hitler comparisons too. That is insulting. Hitler literally murdered millions of innocent people. Comparing the two at this point is depreciating of what those people actually experienced. 
That’s insane. You can count on the same ridiculous 3 comments on there in every thread. Just like /r/the_donald. They are the counter parts of each other. And the fear mongering in /r/politics reaches palpable levels every. Single. Day. Seriously. If you can’t accept that, then they’ve got you hook line and sinker. 
I can’t believe I am finally getting this kind of reaction in a main subreddit like this. My comment two years ago would have gotten more vitriol and hatred than you could ask for. 
Holy shit. You have nailed the thoughts I couldn’t put in to my own words. There is a sense of self righteousness and “proved you wrong” that they strive for and you’re right, it’s like they do nothing but search for that high. They’re pigs in shit. Not that there aren’t like minded individuals on both sides. 
Oh 100%. We are so insanely divided and self serving believable. Closed mindedness on each side and the finger pointing has reached insane levels. 
I can’t believe you think Nationalism or a sense of pride in improving the state of the country you reside in is a bad thing. If you are her illegally, you should not be allowed to stay. Regardless of the condition of the location you left is in...
That place is a fucking disasterous hell hole. If you didn’t know anything about the political state right now you would think that trump has hanged women in the streets and personally beheaded immigrants. It’s nuts. 
Huh. Haven’t seen that in many places at all. Visit family frequently in west Georgia and south. 
Love and travel all over rural and urban Georgia. Haven’t seen a single one. Lots of time in Atlanta. 
Dang... That's a deal right there!
Over the years I have learned I have to have some collection area. So many knives, chapstick, little things, misplaced or lost its not even funny... I hate losing something of what I carry.

Makes total sense. These knives we have get kind of serious. I am always super cautious when letting anyone use my newer griptillian as it's way sharper than the old Case knives they may be used to.
That sounds pretty cool. Like one of those shelve headboards? 
I really like that. Grandpa sounds like a good dude.
Yeah, I hate to be that guy, but I completely agree with you. Follow the 4 rules of handling and you're going to be fine. If the gun is cleared and empty, I feel I can store it however I chose. It can be my damn coaster if I want. I don't see these guys flipping out over some dude watching tv with his new AR. If there is no one in the dwelling that could violate the rules, then guess what, still fine... If anyone comes over, it goes bye bye. It's just a little common sense. But it's easy to play holier than thou on the internet I suppose.  /rant
"Saints fan". Listens to game on phone at a cafe. 
Oh for sure. If I can handle it, anyone can. You could even use cheap pine from Home Depot and get a sweet look. 
The cycle continues!!! I have two mini griptillians, not because the first was wearing out or old, but because I saw one in a scratch and dent sale for $20 and couldn’t say no. Lol

And my box was simple poplar scrap I had laying around cut to size and glued and nailed together. Nothing crazy in any way. 
I feel you there. Things will definitely change when others are around for me. I am so unorganized, I really like just having a box to dump various crap in and keep stuff I didn’t carry that day. 
You know I like it fairly well. This is the 4” model and I was just waltzing around the gun shop and it was on a killer deal. I can’t quite remember but I think it was about 300-325 or so. So I said what the heck. I have put uhhh 1000 of cheapo or so through it and no issues! Just glad it doesn’t have the gripzone. 
Yeah totally different story if people are around. 
“He could get like a running start yo”
Real good dudes there. Down to earth guys. 
It can go from walk in the park to holy shit fuck in about 45 seconds. 
It’s not tacticool or tough guy in anyway. I do not feel the need to keep all 6 or so weapons I have chambered in the house. That’s the end of the story. 
I respect what everyone is saying. I come home, gun is cleared and emptied and put away. I have other home defense weapons and this isn’t one of them. I respect what you guys have to say, but this is suitable for my situation. It is a cold weapon and there is no one else in the dwelling. 
I’m not even engaging in commentary with that type of behavior. Get a hold of yourself. 
Agreed. This is about the third choice in a theoretical DGU. If it gets to this point, I done goofed too much for it to matter anyways. 
This is just the dump box. This is no longer the home weapon. Holster doesn’t fit in the box. 
It’s completely empty with an empty mag in it but yes I agree. 
[End me.](https://usatfalconswire.files.wordpress.com/2017/11/juliojones.jpg?w=1000&h=600&crop=1)
iOS gaming is just an odd balance of low price points and price expectations and P2W stuff. It's all revolving around the dolla dolla bill yall. Sucks.
I haven't found shit in years. Used to be the dumb, yet entertaining stuff like Peggle, Doodle Jump, Pixel Defenders (which doesnt work on iOS11...) and lots of other I can't remember. Now everything is so bad...
I just want some sweet ass side scroller like Metroid Fusion, Castlevania (whichever one was on GBA), or something like Golden Sun. Very simple stuff.
Praise Jeebus you're here. Can you guide us to the light that is everything Northern?
Agreed. I can feel the cold just looking at it. Shiver.
That’s sharp, yo. Really like the hook tins. Where did you find those?
SHAAAAAK HIMMMMMMMMMMM. SHAAAAAK HIMMMMMMMMMMM. SHAAAAAK HIMMMMMMMMMMM. SHAAAAAK HIMMMMMMMMMMM. SHAAAAAK HIMMMMMMMMMMM. SHAAAAAK HIMMMMMMMMMMM. SHAAAAAK HIMMMMMMMMMMM. 
I'm with you. Looks so ehhhh.
Additionally, how many shmeckles?
Nope, you got it all wrong. All our inbreeding and pre-delivery meth use make us go apeshit when we see white. We cannot be trusted. *rolls eyes*
Because it's incredibly easy to sell the stance of acceptance of everyone despite regulation. One side is giving out free lemonade while the other is charging $1.
Man, I wish it was on ipad so I could play it at work.
is stardew basically farmville on cocaine that had a baby with terraria?
The pain is a reminder of greatness.
-Abraham Lincoln
      -Michael Scott
In a strike shortened season.... sigh....
Oh I know. That’s what I meant. 

Edit: that’s the worst part. It’s like it was destiny or something. 
You fuckers and that number. Jesus. Give it a rest. 
I think we ask permission from the Viking front office in official letterhead, they grant it, and we run with it next year. Double level hatred.
It's cathartic.
It's all coming together. Nice.
Ohhh that tweet just starts the fire of hate up against him again. God he's an insufferable fuck.
One to tell the kids around the fire place. Go take care of bidnasss. 
Today you, tomorrow me. You guys hoist at home, we’ll take it off your hands next year. 
Garret Anderson.
There’s a reason they were brigaded by /r/nfl yesterday.
At least they know their role. 
Same end zone too. 
Man fuck the Phillies so hard. That whole city is a shithole. 
Promptly lost in the first round. 
The Eagles D is great. It’s not a shutdown D. We can compete offensively against it. We just didn’t. And we just didn’t perform at all. All year. That’s what I’m talking about. Fuck off. Looking forward to wiping the floor with the Filthies this summer too. 
You play the hot hand. Unless you’re Sark. Then you play fucking Yahtzee or some bull shit to pick plays. 
Even they didn’t want him.  
So fucking shitty. I don’t want to hear about the Eagles D. Freeman missing blocks, running between the tackles with Free when that hasn’t even come close to working. We consistently don’t perform or coach ourselves out of situations. This year was a shit show. 
So god damn bad. 
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT PLAY? YOU HAD ONE TARGET. IF HES COVERED ITS OVER. 
That’s a fairly consistent tactic these days with us. 
Something tells me there’s more to this. 
Yeah, where is that thing?
I want it. So. God. Damn. Bad. 
It's unreal. They respond with absolutely, pure loathing rage. Literally what has he done that warrants you acting like a 5 year old. But you're right, they lost and know nothing else but crying.
Eh, I'm not seeing that. Emails provided an improvement. Speed. Crypto doesn't offer much of an improvement, if anything it's more tedious to utilize.
I would cease to care about much of anything. I’d become empty. That would be brutal beyond brutal. 
Well that’s just friggin awesome. In a couple layman’s sentences, can you explain your observations? Bad, good?
Can we ask what the topic/target audience is? Totally understand if not.


It defies all logic. It shouldn't end like that 98/100 times. Yet...
It feels like 3 putting from 2 feet at Augusta for a green jacket. The marathon was run, everything went right, right until the whole god damn thing blew up in a fiery death filled explosion.

I feel for you...
I’m in such a weird place with us right now. I am still hyped and ready to go, but a part of me knows this could end in the same depressingly numb fashion it all did last year. I keep telling myself that’s all part of why it is so great, but I am seriously still fucked up from the SB. Not just the team, but for the city. It was our chance to not be made fun of, “snowmagedon”, Braves only getting one WS, the Thrashers leaving, general opinion that we’re just a step above Mississippi on the hick-o-meter, not having the history other teams have, etc. idk. I just feel like everyone thinks we’re a bunch of tards. It was finally something we could hang our hat on. **The** moment. It was there and it was so hard. So, so hard to get there finally. And then that happened. It really has messed with the way I feel about the whole thing. It’s honestly pretty upsetting. I know it’s just a game and we should all be above it, yada yada... but you know...

Edit: And honestly, forgot to add, UGA crashing and burning while doing their best Falcons Jr. impression only made this that much worse. I’m not even a UGA fan.
Bruce hooper poops AFTER he showers. 
It’s the little things in life. 
Pro tip: Say Cox Mack real fast.
Damn, if we make a run and finish this I will cry.
Whatever it is, it's not really our business. But I certainly hope they're ok. Just would like them to know we are all thinking about them, not that we are trying to find details.
I'm 100% ok with that.
Goggles has a boot. Good solid contact every time with lots of leg behind it. But we all know what happened with the last great CFB kicker....
That's pretty serious. And awesome.
Yeah, and I wouldn't really blame him. Dude hobbles around every where at 28 years old? That's brutal.
We are just, like, really alright. 
No, I think you’re getting him confused with Stone Cold Steve Austin. 
Just dream better. 
His feet are straight up fucked but he’s a trooper. 
We have that going for us, which is nice.
I have had similar issues. It will disconnect from the network then when I go back in to reconnect (before turning wifi off and then back on) it says the password is incorrect. Have to turn wifi off and back on and sometimes reenter password.

My device seems to be the only one having the issue in the house.
Their Indian burial ground was just a hair bigger.
Ain't that some shit. You would have to think that UGA winning would have helped boost 'confidence' on the team just a hair. Couldn't hurt.
I feel like it's a different kind of crowd noise. It's just loud in Minnesota, but in NO there is a healthy dose of pure hatred in every scream. It would feel more intimidating I would imagine.
God he wouldn't touch the damn ground he'd be flying so fast around that field.
I see this argument just about every day. I am not going to pretend to be able to understand market economics on a timely level. Can you explain how all current movement is directly related to past policy?
It's ok. I'm with you. I can't define an economy as raging when the number of citizens collect food stamps increased by over 40%, health insurance premiums up over 40%, and national debt absolutely shooting off like a damn rocket. Did he improve unemployment and did markets grow? Sure. But you can't label it as 'raging' without putting your partisan blinders on here... let's be for real. Additionally, the economic success doesn't 100% land on his shoulders. So this "NUH UH, YUH HUH" argument that has become so standard these days to me is just fucking asinine. 
God you could power a nuclear sub off of the shit talking.....
It's not rigged. And yeah I wouldn't have many doubts that they would want to schedule one against them. Programs schedule games anywhere from 6-12 years in advance. The fact of the matter is UCF's strength of schedule was not stellar. And their one claim to fame was a win over a team that was already knocked out of playoff contention. In comparison, it's not a great resume. If they lost one game, everyone would be fine with what happened to them. Just because you achieve perfection, doesn't mean you are #1...
There are 129 division 1 football programs. Thee simply aren’t enough high school players at a high caliber that can fill that many rosters with similar talent. The talent pool isn’t large enough to say that all D1 schools are on a level playing field. 
Exactly. I’m playing as a one man t-ball team against the local 5u tee ball league this spring. I’ll go undefeated, and I’ll claim my rightful position as the World Series Champ. 
THAT? Was a hold???
I can appreciate the attention to doing things the “right” way, but I’m with you. I have found in my readings and research that there’s a good part of this community that goes above and beyond for every slightest detail, which is great and some people enjoy doing so, but doesn’t mean that your table will explode in 4 years because you didn’t join it all the way the ancient monks did. I guess there’s a fine line between a half assed job and overly meticulous.
At least you're honest.
What was yesterday’s fiasco? New guy trying not to make dumb mistakes.
“...at long and blessed last”. Ain’t that the truth. I can’t wait to make it happen again...
Am I missing something? I haven’t seen a forecast for snow in savannah, just ice. 
Are you talking about just being able to zoom on a document?
See that’s where none of what I was getting at makes sense. Haha. I was trying to drop it in up high of the target, let it sink, then slowly strip back in. The current kept it up about 2’ under the surface during retrieve. And it was basically at the very end of the retrieve. And this is only one of two of the day... Everything kind of pointed to this guy just being jazzed about something flashy and it not being a ‘textbook’ catch but I don’t care, he was in the net!

Edit: and yes, he was on the bugger, not the hares ear. 
Wondering about my approach and how I may be able to improve here. Fishing a pretty deep and long run out of a bend and rapid section in the river. Run out was about 100’ long and started at 3’-4’ deep and ended up about 10’ deep at the end. Only have a standard floating line on a 4 wt. 8’ leader. Added about 3’ of 5x and three on a brass headed green bugger in a 6 or 8 with a hares ear tail. I wasn’t thinking I was getting it far down enough with that rig. But then I saw this guy come up and attack. Definitely was down on the bottom in about 5’ water. Did I really just stumbled in to the right fish looking up at the right time? I feel like this rig wasn’t good enough for this water. It was fast moving too. 
How fucking great would it be if we stumbled our dumb asses in to the SB and scrape by to win each game and ride out in to the sunset like a bunch of yards. Would only make sense. The Atlanta way. 
He’s advocating liberating their oppressed citizens, just because he isn’t interested in immigrating every single one of them to the US (which they don’t want to do anyways), you’re upset. 
That’s the best you’ve got? There is a nation of oppressed women and citizens who are fighting for their freedom which you should so strongly be behind based on this subreddits ideaologies, but now you tuck tail and can’t agree because Trump is supporting hem? What kind of bullshittery is this?
What. The. Fuck. Is. That...
I hear these stories of folks starting up a company and selling it and going through the process again. I am always so curious as to what kind of companies these are...
God I hope so. That’s great. 
That's some good trigger discipline, Santa.
We got away with some shit in game 1. Refs giveth, refs taketh or some bull like that. Just wish both games didn't suck so much ass. Would have been nice to see, you know, the teams battle it out. I was on my seat for each game wondering what the fucking flag was going to be for each play rather than just being able to watch and enjoy...
Exactly. Still there but man, coaching staff shouldn’t have to explain ball / runner priority there...  *facepalm*
Agreed. Big lack of physicality at times and really shit decision making...
The strip attempt on the 4th down in the first half. That is fundamental football garbage. He targets a turnover over the stop....on a 4th down....
Trashy team, trashy coaching, trashy leadership. 
You were thiiiis close. 

Also what remix of shook ones is that...
While your tires look decent, we wouldn’t allow big non-golf standard carts on the course. The big knobby tires really did mar up the fairways. 
If they can do it we can fuck the saints, I mean do it too. Merry Christmas ya dingus’s. 
I don’t think so anymore. I like to think the big boys are looking over at us two window lickers throwing shit at each other. We are gonna be the prize fight shortly. 
You’re right. I’ve gotten the same from you douche fucks too. And I don’t want it to stop. It’s hilarious. I hate you pricks, but would be so sad if it didn’t exist. 
Honestly. This level of fuckery to help us so much at home to keep us competitive and then today’s game? That’s some manipulative, crooked bullshit. All to keep the end of the season exciting. 
We consistently don’t play solid fundamental ball. Grigsby trying for the strip on the 4th down, hall giving up
I was fucking livid there. I cannot support sark any longer. 
We are a fucking joke. That’s our existence for the last year. 
Our receivers blow dick this year. 
I can’t fucking deal with this. What did we do to deserve this. 
Are you fucking kidding me?
Good for you. Lucky. I really don’t want to look like the asshole who says “I’ll meet you guys there” sucks when it falls on Christmas Eve. 
“Don’t let your dreams be dreams, fuck the saints.”
-Abraham Lincoln
-Michael Scott
I’m with you. We have church at 4:15.... I can’t really say I don’t want to go to the baby Jesus party and I’d rather watch the game. Lol. 
Merry Christmas to you and yours you douche bagel. 
You are so correct. It is such a strange culture of full commitment to your “cause” when that should never really be warranted. You should deserve the praise and credit of people when you do things correctly and lose it when you don’t.
It’s you, you’re more [retarded](https://youtu.be/OFr74zI1LBM). 
Criiiiiiiiiisp
That’s like 99 too many.
Ding ding ding. There is our issue. 
You can't be a part of the tax scam if you don't pay taxes. And you can stay away from those dreaded, deadly bonuses.
If this is so clear cut as a violation of your basic humans rights and justice must be served etc, then a student should be able to undoubtedly defend their reasoning behind denying the rule and not following the orders. If this is truly what you label it, then it should not even be entertained by the students regardless of their fear. 

There is a line in which a request or order from a school figure should be followed or not. This is on the side of 'I'll entertain it', ordering a student to cut his hand to make a blood pact would be over the line. This is not over stepping that bounds. If a student wishes to not follow the rule, and then punishment occurs like what you explain above in the SIM card scenario is followed, then yes, that is completely absurd.

I see your view, I really do, but this does not warrant the vitriol that has been thrown at it. It just simply doesn't in my mind. If you disagree, then fine. But I am not going to make a mountain out of a mole hill and try to relate it to other injustices or what have you. This is clearly a jesting moment. That is all. And to immediately jump to legal ramifications to me is steering our intentions and, for lack of a better term, brain power towards finger pointing divisiveness. Condemning others for something designed to be so innocent, even though there is admittedly opportunity for issues, in my opinion doesn't put us in a better place as a country... There is too much blame and potential injustice claiming to allow us to come together. This isn't the mountain to fight on in my opinion. And I know that you won't agree. But that is the beauty of this country. 
If you can't imagine that most outcomes to this are lighthearted embarrassment to remind folks to keep the phone on silent, then there's no point in any discussion here...
That is clearly not the intention, obviously by the teachers reaction. The intentions are good and it is basically understood by the already formed opinion of the students. They know the 'rule' is there currently and exploit it for humor. Before everyone on reddit came screaming that this could end in legal trouble, no one in the classroom seemed to have a huge issue with it. 

Now, you get enough keyboard warriors to assemble and pick apart the potential 'legal' ramifications of this just for the sake of being contrarian, that is my issue.

Sure, this could go south quickly. Wouldn't want that for anyone. But the majority, at least 6 out of 10 phone calls do not end up with a dead parent or pregnancy test result. Thus the over all intentions of this cheesy rule can and should be labeled as good. This is not malicious in any way, but we sure can give it the old college try to spin it as offensively as possible!
Legal trouble for good hearted intentions. I'm glad that's the America people want to live in. Always a buck to be made or a jab to be had. *thumbs up*
I can see that for sure, and I'm not saying if we rid the earth of guns that everyone will resort to broadsword murderings. But to me the human nature is the bigger issue. I hate saying that if we get rid of guns then 'they'll just find something else to murder with', but I do believe that. The U.S. is too diverse socially, economically, etc for all of us to get along like other smaller, like minded countries. I want to do everything we can to get everyone to get along, but sometimes the greatness that is the U.S. melting pot isn't always best for peace, sadly. But I can't support not allowing firearms. : / Do see your point though. I just want you to know that the vast majority of rifle owners own and operate their rifles quite safely and I am thankful for that as well.
I said it may back fire at times. And no one said what? I'm not putting words in anyone's mouth. But thank you everyone for being the keyboard warriors. Y'all have a Merry Christmas.
It's a humorous learning lesson to be mindful. If you would rather not, then it's not like the teacher will put a knife to your throat to answer it on speaker. Y'all need to ease up a little. Yikes.
It shouldn't. That was great. I feel like it's a reasonable way to poke fun at phone calls. May backfire at times though : /
One dang heckin' good doggo doin a snooze.
HA! It's Macy's old ass hiding under there.
[They just can’t deal with the truth](https://youtu.be/M2uFaE4Gzgk)
I wish I could. I legitimately can’t keep my other short stubby leg on my knee cap without extra effort. Haha
You cannot be any dumber... I mean seriously.
No shit. Actual window lickers.
$106 over here for me and my wife. That's fairly substantial for us. Knocks down that car payment for sure.
Honestly the tree trunks I have for thighs make it too hard to do but I would if I could. My pop sitting cross legged in a rocking chair whittling away with his pocket knife or cleaning an old rifle was off the bad-ass-o-meter. 
Yeah, can we make it like a uh bi weekly occurrence? And maybe we do it for uh all year? And keep going the next year?
They can be used for a multitude of things. Target shooting which is a widely accepted sport, hunting which is a necessity for some, and defense. The folks that use the for “killing” need justice and are in the minority. 
This seems like splitting hairs to me. They all rhyme in my neck of the woods.
Kinda sad, but hey, he got dem dollas.
Imagine that... My dad's two brothers and their wives had to get the hell out of New York. They loathe that state despite its beauty up in the mountains and it being home.
Haaaaaaaaaaaaa. Not a huge increase in most cases, but enough to get the point across. Bitches.
Can I get an education on that? I’m a hair confused at how they get the shaft. 
I'm saving that one.
Nothing wrong with a little bang bang, but I respect your opinion. May I ask why you don't support gun ownership?
I saw that one. Good lord. Everything is so sensationalized. EVERYTHING. It's unreal.
10th highest salary in the league for that performance. Yeesh.
He acts like a god dam child. 
YOU LISTEN UP RIGHT NOW. YOURE MESSING UP AMERICA WAAAAAAAAAAAA
He’s a good man. 
GET MOTHER FUCKING SET TO RUN THIS BITCH ALL THE WAY TO MINNEAPOLIS 
One of the best plays matty had during that fourth was taking that sack instead of killing clock. 
I wonder what the legalities are in terms of using the logo for a tee like this. Obviously it’ll never be made by official nfl gear standards. 
Welp. Didn't see what I said till I said it. 
He runs so damn violently. It’s awesome and scary. 

e: I'm a tard.
No poopin for me!
That is our season. That right there. Fuck. 
Really hate how there’s no full screen option for narwhal on iPad. I just want it to be a bigger version of the phone version, not a side by side column view. I’ll keep using Apollo until that changes. 
That's just fucking stupid. Good God.
I had pretty good feelings with this team once. On a specific day. During a specific game. *Had*
Times were different weren’t they. Sure do miss all that. Halo CE, halo 2, halo 3, cod 4, guild wars, wow. All night. Multiple quick trip runs for diabetes fuel. Great times. 
Kyle Shanaynay: Noted. 
Good call! That's using your kidneys.

Hot damn. Mind if I ask what body? Going up to the Chestatee in a few weeks. 
Oh for sure. I probably should keep one in my edc pack, I don’t think I’d keep it on my person. 
Huh. Interesting. 
Do you have any experience with 3D modeling on the 9.7? I'm not sure what the app is on the demo in stores, but there is a modeling app that I would be interested in running. I'd like to sketch out decks, furniture, etc. and want to get the 9.7 if it can handle that.
That's a fair stance.
We need a new home
Hmmmm... interesting. 
Those are criiiiiisp. 
I’m honestly trying to learn here. It is my knowledge that the NN policy wasn’t in place until 2015. Why didn’t we experience this cash grab up charge from ISP’s before then? This all at face value seems like a great campaign against something that isn’t this profound...
It’s true. That sucked. Which it would have been a big play and made its way back in to the rotation. Such a useful option if you have pass catching backs. 
Does anyone remember the CRITICAL wheel routes we ran last year? They loosened up the D so bad and it always felt like there was a safety net. Kept tons of pressure off the o line too. Where is all that this year? Sad to see it not being utilized. 
That man could out juke a fucking cheetah.
> Procreate

I'm right there with you. Once in a blue moon (like 1 out of 100) my little doodles turns in to something that I think is neat. I can't draw to save my life. Like at all. But something is pushing me to give the Pro a shot and entertain the thought of trying to draw. 
Haha love it. 
Sometimes I take a step back and look at these numbers we kind of toss around and just think 'Jesus H. Christmas'.
The whole place looks like a damn Halo level. It's spectacular.
My last Dunkin Donuts normal roast, black, was basically water. I swear to god it had like a third of the flavor that any cup should ever have. I'm not really sure why I thought it would be any good as I imagine they roast their shit to taste best with 9 spoons of sugar and half a cup of cream in it.
For what it's worth, I have a 7+ and spend my work day in a location where it struggles for signal. While being in that type of location on 11.2, the battery life has been significantly worse over about 5 days.
Oh god. That sounds like 18 hour old half warmed tar from a truck stop that can be used in place of 5W-30 in a pinch.
Let's get these sourced to a chinese factory and send a box or seven to /r/aints.
Hey those wrenches probably had a lifetime warranty. *i know what you mean, and it’s embarassing*
[*insert train horn noise*](https://youtu.be/tyubEwigfUY)
I AM UHFENDID!!!!!!!11!!1!!!
FileMaker is similar to what I was thinking. I would love to make my own form for each call. 
I hate anyone that dons that gold and white fuck bag they call a uniform can such my white ass. Same with Mr. “I think women asking questions is cute”. Additionally, it’s kind of a small life goal of mine to make that TB12 character eat a strawberry that has spent a few seconds on my testicles.  
I’m not a keyboard warrior. I also don’t get boastful about how I OC or how much I spend on jeans and then chastise others for not having frivolous spending. But you do you.
This is kind of the exact attitude I expect out of a hardcore OC follower. 
Right this [way](https://cdnimg.webstaurantstore.com/images/products/extra_large/64011/445671.jpg).
I seriously can't fucking stand you guys. But the world would be a worse place with out you window lickers in it. <3
Hotlanta is up there with 'ITS A WET HEAT. HURRRR'.
That was hilarious. I hate that there was some ass reffing in this game, but god that was funny.
Embrace the suck. Become the suck.
Make it stop. 
How do these cats get this stuff uploaded so fast. Maybe it wasn’t all that fast. Idk. Lol
That was so god damn stupid. 
This D is fucking legit. Offense just has to wake up and be used effectively. 
MOTHER. FUCKING. WHEEL. ROUTES. 
I have been beating this drum for weeks. We DO NOT throw to RB’s out of the backfield and it was a huge part of our offense last year. 
He is legitimately a liability 
He cannot manage the fucking football when it comes his way. Time and time again. 
RB’s in the flat. This to me is the biggest component of the offense of last year we aren’t using. 
I think he’s got a little old man strength in the tank. Don’t fuck with pops. 
Say it with us:

Fuck
It's going to be really hard to balance that 3-pack. It'll be off kilter.
It's insanely over priced and it pretty much pales in comparison to any other bar around town...
There’s always a cost benefit stance on everything. Bananas, a car, whatever. We make these choices everyday. The MBS tickets are basically a $10 banana. Sure, if you’re really craving a banana you’ll bite, but not as frequently. The simple economics of it doesn’t lend itself to packing that bitch up every game, regardless if we were SB winners or 0-16
Shitty only for optics. They got theirs when they could. Cash, as soon as possible, is king. 
$$$$ man. It’s so simple. If falcons tickets were an average of $40, that place would be 3 times worse than Seattle every Sunday.
Ehhh a few teams teach the rugby style for most basic tackles. It will never fully replace the smash mouth hits unless they get rid of helmets or something crazy. 
Oh that is soooooo good. hahahaha. That story is still probably making it's rounds around the department. 
You. You da man. Thanks!
Same here, absolutely. I just can't help but laugh at that. TREEEEEEEEEEEEEEES.
Quick question about the Bullet. I can see its about 9" in width, but do you ever carry around a small laptop? It would seem that the laptop would have to be 11" screen or smaller or so.
Ok, that's great.
https://youtu.be/ElJFYwRtrH4?t=23
I'm right there with you. Football is such a great team sport and teaches so many values to youngsters. But I'll be damned if I don't push my son to lacrosse, soccer, or baseball. It's getting nuts...
There was essentially no valuable discussion had. I'm sorry. That was just ineptitude. 'I AM PASSIONATE ABOUT THIS, I JUST AM'. Oh.
I agree. And for most drives, they did not allow that. A defense that doesn't have a single shitty drive a game is borderline elite. I think not allowing them any wiggle room at all isn't fair. The offense takes way more of the blame yesterday. 1/11 on 3rd down is laughable and 7+ yards to go on 3rd? That's not feasible. 
It's cool as shit. And I want to be there to support how ever shitty we are. I just literally cannot add basically another 'bill' a month just because I want to support my team. It would be a $300 day EASY to just go with the wife and I. We spend that shit on a weekend getaway.
[Oh shit.](https://media.tenor.com/images/dff806c3c50ae72eef7cc85c989b5aed/tenor.gif)
Just think about how cool you'll be driving a car around town with a Z in it's name!
Ouch....
$$$$$ y'all.
I won't say inexcusable, because they just performed when they needed to, but an 8 minute drive does blow dick. There's always room for improvement, but I feel they played well against a solid team. Solid B- performance.
Seriously now? Disgusting.
100% serious, that place isn't teeming with active racism. I know I will be slammed for that. ^^^^ this guy is a real fuck bag though.
While I absolutely agree, the biggest driving factor in almost everything is cost. I am a huge fan and try to actively support where I can (jerseys, tickets, etc.) and I used to go to at least two games, Saints and another choice, I can only stomach going to one game now. I am middle of the road blue collar. The price is just too high. I don't care if I get a free beer and a hot dog with every ticket. I don't want to pay for my wife and I for two games until they come back down.
It's too god damn expensive.
I just can't believe that price... I will never think it's reasonable. Jeez.
HNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNG
I look at stuff like this the same way. Seriously impressive. It's one thing to put stuff to paper, but to then come back and seriously figure out how loads and structure can function is just way above my pay grade.
Can I ask where you go shoot?
Sark also does not use our pass catching backs in any way. They MUST be utilized especially against a heavy pressure D line like the Vikings. 
WE DO NOT THROW TO OUR FULLY CAPABLE PASS CATCHING BACKS. IT IS LITERALLY THE DIFFERENCE FROM LAST YEAR. SARKESIAN OMG FUCK. 
That’s an exaggerated lie. 
There honestly is no explanation for that and I have serious concerns about his under pressure decision making. 
It’s all about the dolla dolla bills y’all. Cmon. 
Yep. You can aim for the top of the ball on a mat and smash it in to the turf. It will then bounce way up. We try and hit it again on its way down. Good times. 
You tell me what the talking point is. You’re the one claiming it to be a huge deal. The fact that there was discussion between transition team and Russian correspondence is not considered uncommon. The lying is an issue, agreed. And Obama fired Flynn, trump was warned about Flynn, bad move, yes. But you are hoping it correlates in to collusion with Russia on the election, therefore furthering impeachment thought. 
There is no panic. There was a crime comitted and the state justice system turned their back on their duty. Come on. 
No it does not. This is not related to the collusion morning wood you have everyday. 
That's the vibe I'm certainly getting. I mean take a step back, dude was an Obama appointee...

I really feel like I am missing something here, definitely on your side of Dems just trying to yank a 'victory' out of nothing.
I'll admit, I don't always keep up with the details enough to form an opinion on some topics. This is one, so I don't have a steadfast opinion yet. But the timeline and facts I have seen thus far are not pointing towards the Russian election collusion that every liberal wants. Yet they seem to think they have some sort of slam dunk.

This was all pertaining to downplaying the U.N. sanctions, no? Which was after the election. 
It did.

"...According to the charging document, those false statements were that: 

"On or about Dec 29, 2016, FLYNN did not ask the Government of Russia’s Ambassador to the United States ... to refrain from escalating the situation in response to sanctions that the United States had imposed against Russia that same day; and FLYNN did not recall the Russian Ambassador subsequently telling him that Russia had chosen to moderate its response to those sanctions as a result of his request."
"On or about December 22, 2016, FLYNN did not ask the Russian Ambassador to delay the vote on or defeat a pending United Nations Security Council resolution; and  that the Russian Ambassador subsequently never described to FLYNN Russia’s response to his request.”..."

Source: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/12/01/michael-flynn-pleads-guilty-to-false-statements-charge-in-russia-probe.html
LONG AWAITED. I NOW HAVE THE STRONGEST SPHINCTER IN ALL THE LAND.
Funny how this is being downvoted to hell. 230 after 15 hours on /r/politics. What a wonderful venue of discourse this is...
ThAt GoEs aGaInSt MaH NaYrUhTiVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVV!!!!!!!
In this bullshit hypothetical world in which this case was conducted, the only way that Zarate should have gotten off would have been if the thing was wrapped in a god damn blanket and some how a 1 in a billion chance of the firearm being fired through a blanket with at minimum a 4 lbs trigger pull and it struck Kate. We all know that did not happen, but by law, it basically had to be said that 'yes, it is a possibility, almost anything is possible', and then the fucking cucks jump all over that with 'SEE I TOLD YOU THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED'. 
Even if Moore is truly guilty of the accusations, if you truly believe the party is made of strictly sexual predators, nazis, white supremacists, bigots, etc, you are delusional and you know it. You wish the party was made up of that so you have a leg to stand on.
Can you even IMAGINE the out cry if we sent in a prankster to a mosque during the middle of prayer trying to sell carpet cleaner to them or some shit?
I'm right there with you. How can you have the gall to type this up much less send it off for print. Go ahead, reverse the colors. Full on 100% racism. Reverse them back. 100% acceptable white-genocide. Are you fucking kidding me? And this isn't being hoisted to the very top of the news ladder? HOW HAS THIS BECOME ACCEPTABLE AND THE NORM????
It's ok. Mommy will be right there with a warm glass of milk and their lubed up buttplug.
Eats god damn non fat danimals for dinner.
After going over your comment, we discussed perhaps ripping each board and alternating like you suggested. Might give it a little more design to it as well. Thanks for the tips!!!
On a scale of 1 to 10, how hard would this kind of maple be for a first time hand planer? Fairly crafty man, but never has done quality planing like this.

In regards to the stain, he went with [this](https://www.woodcraft.com/products/waterlox-original-sealer-finish-quart?gclid=CjwKCAiA9f7QBRBpEiwApLGUistKmDtcF4bslBPSPSTRQuJEOChBeGsa0K6Cn7S6g0nHcgOwcW9YOBoC5c0QAvD_BwE).
In terms of a hand planer, a $30 Home Depot special probably isn't going to cut the mustard. Right?

I think his idea was to just take L brackets and screw the top in to the cabinet siding and the underside of the top. Would that allow for a little bit of movement? Or would figure 8 fasteners be better?

Thanks!


I am certainly getting a 'skip the biscuits' consensus here. Might as well tell him to return the biscuit joiner. 

When you say use body weight, do you mean glue, then clamp up as much as you can, then lay it on as flat of a floor surface as we have, and put weight on it for the cure time?
Eat that W.....?
He shits after he showers.
I would be terrified if I were him. Lots of other stuff will get banged up and they can either patch it or you can work on it. You can't fix that brain smashing against your skull, yo.

I cried after 3 pushups in pop warner and quit at the first practice. 
Such is life with Mike.
Trying to take the moral high ground by saying this wasn't an anti-Trump statement is playing dumb like a fox and you know it.
I get the vibe that they are some what put off by being bothered with such a subject. Like they have moved on from labeling things racist, but the two semester poly-sci SJW's are just giddy with excitement to call folks racist.
LUKS LIKE I HAV TO ECKSPLANE NAYTIV UHMERIKANS TO U.
you said boner. ha.
Well I just went from 'Oh awesome' to 'Oh...' real fast. Thanks for the education.
I'm not sure it was the painkillers this time. That was horrifically cringey.
The conspiracy theorist in me is saying that he is holding back some of his game planning (dump outs to RB's) to set up for a late charge in the season. But the realist in me sees that we are backs against the wall and he's probably holding nothing back (i.e. the Sanu bomb). Idk. I think he's just settling in mostly. 
The 1-10 Pats should be able to right the ship this week against the Eagles. Faith can never be lost with our lord and savior Tom at the helm. Praise be to Bill. *ranks Pats #3*
Roddy #1. He can't be anymore humble...
Just status quo for your side then. Good day. 
I’ll be right here when you want to discuss. 
You’re an asshole. Can’t explain the latest hive mind spiel so you get rude. *thumbs up*
> Pocahontas

Gotcha. But it's ok that a full on white woman lists herself as a minority with the angle of Native ancestry. Natives hate nothing more than people attempting to identify as one of them when they have string lineage back to them. 

But let's keep screaming fuck from the rooftops, that's not more vulgar than insulting the natives by doing what Warren did. I mean the hypocrisy is palpable. 
Haha! I always loved making up fake names names. This one just stuck. And it’s always available. Lol
They’re not mutually exclusive. Lol
Man, nostalgia, you just made me search 99x. They are back up and running, 98.9 and online. Not bad so far.
I don't get it. I'm not huge on telling people how they should behave, but it's kind of sad that we can't show disdain without vulgar language for all to see. And then people tear you apart because you don't want every other billboard saying 'fuck _____'. 
COME AT ME WITH THAT AB IS BETTER BULLSHIT
Color rush is stupid imo...
Womp... womp.... waaawaaawaaawaaaa. 
Hot damn. Like in town? I thought they just filled that thing up with little stickers!
The close mindedness of the NN supporters and liberals is so ironic. 
It will be great. 
Ding ding ding we have a winner. 
How you do dis?
Good for you man. That's awesome. Not many folks get that chance!

Put a fork in us. Jesus H.

Edit: Holy shit, I thought we lost "Ronald Acuna, the MVP of the Arizona Fall League, and a plethora of pitchers, including Mike Soroka, Kyle Wright, Luiz Gohara, Joey Wentz, Ian Anderson, Kolby Allard, Max Fried and Bryse Wilson." Saw that in a brief article but didn't bother reading the wording that they were safe. 
Daggum. That’s something. Sounds like a fun gig. 
I don't know why, but I am just super curious as to what you do for a living.
Atlanta is built on a cursed Indian burial ground. Duh. 
You don’t even fucking know. There is no level of comfort. 
Oh man.... that was my favorite. 
Let me just store my thumb up your butthole real quick, k thanks. 
That was a hardcore push
I live literally blocks away from this and swung by a couple of days after. The man was standing at his open garage with arms crossed watching folks drive by. That is a man right there. Still protecting his family during it all. Don't know him but I bet he's a heck of a man.
thought I was being clear when I said I wasn't into this kind of language 😣
Those motherfuckers make rooftop plinking look good. 
99 is like basically 100. Good enough for me. 
I think I’ll enjoy this process more fucking with the tools I have rather than buying the punches. If a pattern is emerging, it should be that I want to make the cheapest possible AR that still goes boom 99% of the time and leaves my face and fingers intact. Pencil erasers it is. 
Absolutely. Is that kind of what you get? 275-285 miles a tank?
Awesome. I’m not completely pumped about the gas mileage yet, hope it will get better for whatever reason. I’m at a quarter of a tank right now and have gone 207 miles so far. Oh well, if I wanted a supper I would have bought a Prius. 
Do you find that you need roll pin punches? Or is this all possible with just normal tools? Punches, pliers, ball peen hammer, etc. 
Looks like I’ll be there with you $32 Anderson lower and this. Dagggggggum. 
Just got a 2009 DCLB 4WD. I’m in love...
I used to work at a golf course at which one of the members was, from what I was able to gather, apart of the movement to research and source a better coffee for Chick-Fil-A. Some time a few years ago they apparently had been given enough grief over their coffee (it was bad in the past) and they decided to up their game. He briefly explained to me their long search for a good source for beans. I only vaguely remember his explanation of where they settled on, but I do remember him saying it was a 6 month + process and that they took it quite seriously. Pretty neat.
I bet the filter is in the tank on these huh....?
No known issues at all. Had clean car fax and clean bill of health from my mechanic. 
I’m going to give it another couple of tanks before I pass judgement. Just not wanting to miss a warning sign of something. 
It topped out at 21.1 gallons when getting filled. 
Oh for sure. I’m just hoping I’m not missing something by it sending me a signal. It may just be the stop and go nature of my driving habits and maybe I’m calculating incorrectly. I’m ok with what I’m getting but just wanting to bounce it off y’all. It’s got a new air filter and fresh oil. 
Ding ding. 
I agree. But that should have been her answer. Not what she said. 
What about a lie detector test?

WE THINK THAT THE FACT THAT SHE IS SO COURAGEOUS TO COME OUT WITH THESE ACCUSATIONS IS SUFFICIENT. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I remember getting a hold of my buddies 5 when he first got it and I had a conniption. "YOU CAN'T REACH THE FUCKING TOP CORNER WITHOUT STRETCHING YOUR HAND WTFFFFFFFFF". lol... 
'Gonna hurt for basically forever...'

The Atlanta way.
There’s three....? I’m not gaming much any more but I was considering picking this up for casual play. I’m not touching this with a 10 foot pole. 
Man, remember how clean and straight forward the weapon and skins unlocks were for COD 4?
I’m in North Georgia and have been interested in swapping my XDS 4” for a Shield 9...
Good thinking. I actually didn't realize reg/access cabs had long beds.
I had someone tell me Benghazi was a 'huge nothing burger' yesterday.
:O
The TRD Off’s are sweet too. I like both. I want to say I can tell the difference in the ride, but idk. I could just be bullshitting. On to finding a top somewhere....
I had intentions of short bed and never thought long bed because for what ever reason you don't see them around me often. Saw this guy and really liked the possibilities for the longer bed. I'm pumped. Thanks.
Finally got rid of my Chevy Cruze for a good deal, only $1500 upside down in that thing. Dropped a bit on this guy, and the payment isn't but $150 or so higher. Such a relief having something reliable and useful rather than that beater Cruze.

I am looking to begin turning this guy in to a camping with two dogs friendly machine. Would love to find a good topper for it, and will probably build my own bed rack in the back.

Any ideas on where to snag a topper? I'm thinking I just keep an eye on craigslist.
Maybe Quinn told them this was a special three period game. Knowing that we would blow what ever the last one was. *mind games*
That. Is friggin cool.
This was about the time last year that we lit all burners up and were cooking with gas. 
Huh, the more you know. Similar opinion with making a cheap counter top? Biscuits not 100% needed? Only for keeping boards level.

Oh perfect. That Paul Sellers series is just what I was looking for. Gotcha. Thank you for the tips.

Question since it sounds like you have some work bench experience. I am just getting going and want to build a bench. My Dad has an old planer and a biscuit joiner. Would it make sense to cut 2x4's to size, plane them, and then biscuit join them for a slab? Or would there need to be some other work in there to keep it together? Maybe like a few holes bored through the planks and threaded rod nutted on both ends?
I thought I was half way decent, break 200 every now and then, and my buddy tells me that if I were to bowl on a PBA shot, that I may be able to sniff like 125. lol
Fuck it. You have my AR. 
Thanks for the heads up. Never really looked in to it!
I feel like a dope for not really looking in to it for stuff like parts. Never really used price protection on a card at all actually. But say I buy a LPK for an AR, and find the same kit somewhere online, do you get reimbursed the difference?
As my Nana would say...

Well, that's something, deary.
Don't hold your breathe with Lt. Cuck at the helm.
I completely agree with you. I apologize if I came off as personally attacking your stance. I am just tired of everything being such a cluster. I believe we have a people problem. Decisions from anyone from the mass shooting murders all the way up to Congressmen and Senators have led us to this point. Sure, we could prevent atrocities such as Sandy Hook with removal of weapons, but that just isn't feasible (not that I would support that in any way). We simply need to deal with where we are and understand the status quo is fucking shit. We are in a hell hole. Anything from not being able to afford insurance, to extremely high murder rates in areas, to the higher education bubble. The list can go on forever.

And due to where our government has lead us, I have no faith right now in adding more programs to the pile before we can come together and decide that, yes, there will be serious quantifiable proof that this will vastly improve the target situation. I simply cannot support a program that basically has more 'feel good, we're trying!' value than actual progress. And I feel the mental health check would be more of a political front than a useful measure. That's just like my opinion though, man.
Look. We live in a country with a national debt in the trillions. In the fucking trillions. We identify each other on anything from car loans to our taxes via our SSN numbers. We can't even figure out the need for a citizen ID number. For fuck's sake, you don't even have to provide valid ID to vote in the god damn country. There is political influence in every god damn thing that happens in this country. Actions are made based upon optics not produced results. Fuck, the Air Force management tasked with ensuring his information was passed along correctly won't even get a fucking slap on the wrist. This whole fucking place is ass backwards. Fine, go ahead and throw another bureaucratic program to the pile, I don't fucking care. We can't manage the ones that we fucking have already. Create a mental health check. It will be beaten by criminals. Probably fairly easily. But we will throw $10 billion to create a new organization. And sure it will work, more than 0% of the time. Woohoo. We eliminated one of the mass shootings we have every year. I hate to desensitize it, but we spend $10 billion to stop the actions of a handful of people? The world isn't this utopia that you want it to be. And it never will be. That does not mean we stop trying to better it.

Edit: The cost benefit of creating a program and legislation regarding this topic is my issue. I know we won't even entertain the thought of 'taking guns away from the people'. We all know that. That's not my angle.
Buy backs have been done in the United States. Have at it, do it again.

"What is believed to have been the first gun buyback program was in Baltimore in 1974. Gun homicides and assaults actually rose during the two-month program, and it was deemed a failure, though no reason for the crime rate increase was given."
Right, like the Texas shooter who had been admitted to a mental health facility years back and had been discharged from the military based on violent domestic behavior. So as far as I count, that would be two hits to the record preventing the ownership of firearms (which I agree with). But the one tick of domestic violence history was not correctly handled by the bureaucratic methods of the government, and he slipped through. It didn't work. So instead of condemning the paper trail handlers, we yell for more legislation that won't be enforced properly. That doesn't add up. 
We don't mandate insurance directly because cars are dangerous... we mandate that because the incidents they cause in themselves cause financial strain on those affected. You are desiring to stop the violence, not the money that's lost because a 6 year old was murdered. Seriously? 
No shit that's how you would go about "it" what ever it would be. I am asking what you want to amend.
And what do you propose we do.
"Pshaw. That's not cold. I don't get cold til -27.5 degrees." /s
I mean honestly, even for their agenda, am I missing something? What is occurring 'EACH DAY' that makes him the worst President in U.S. history. I am so damn tired of everything being so extreme. There is no such thing as a mild disagreement, it's always 'BURN THE NON-BELIEVER AT THE STAKE!'.
It's that new fangeled common core math.

That's the face I imagined him having when Carlos Gomez rounded third.
Bohangles. Heh.
If you like their milkshakes and coffee, try their frosted coffee or whatever it’s called. Hnnnnng 
It’s an oddly refreshing picture. We all know it’s a fairly normal scene, but it makes you feel something different... love it!
I am leaning my way towards learning how to reload so I can supply myself and friends with enough to fend of waves and waves of doggos.