LOL
Wow I think you’re the first one!!!
You probably just named them for the rest of the season
Wait how did everyone get 20?
You should make a Redwood cigarettes skin aka Marlboro in Grand theft auto universe
The Fortnite show was filmed in front of a live audience...
Quite literally a panic at the disco
nice pun
Maybe China not so much numba 1 anymore
Where do you see that?
Disney’s The Office
Got I️t, thanks
So to complete Guardian its 2 right not 3
For Guardian is it 2 or 3 conquests?
It’s a Tide ad
I've got forest green if you're interested in that
You forgot that at the end of the video they don't edit out themselves turning off the camera.
D2?
I personally moved over to Verge for now because there's supposed to be some news tomorrow but I will definitely try to get back into XDN shortly after.  
I sure hope so
Sold at 585 ;) will try to get back in around 400 satoshi if I️t goes down again
How do you think I feel after I made a few thousand dollars constantly buying and selling my Cardano each time with less.  Started off with 30,000 ADA and worked my way down to about 5,000 ADA.  Could have had $40,000 from my original $1500 investment at around $0.05 cents.  The feeling went away but man was I️t shitty.  Would have been able to quit my job and pay off all my student loans and then have a bunch left over (not that I would have cashed out 🚀).  
Really happy I got in yesterday around 500 🚀
Correct me if I’m wrong but that right there is what’s known as a correction
Dod?

Definitely, I would say it's quite undervalued at the moment and it's showing good support levels.  
I'm using Bittrex but I'll sign the petition!
About to sell all my Verge for 53,000 XDN
Sold my LTC today to go into TRX but was super bummed that they weren’t allowing new accounts for the time being.....until I remembered I made a binance account about a month ago 
Why not just USD Tether ($USDT) 
!Remind me 14 weeks
At my Staples, we don't do that but we get shit on everytime someone buys a laptop without services.  Because apparently, it's my fault they don't want to buy a $299 accidental protection plan on their $300 i3 HP.  It's normal to get a training session afterwards on how to sell better.  
I hope so too but I don’t think they should be allowed to use deadlines anymore
Preach
Not this guy (.18/.19)
Weird, my old Motorola was slow as fuck after a year.  My iPhone that's 3 years old (with original battery) still feels nice and snappy.  If it got slow one day then I'll just order a $25 battery w/ kit off of Amazon and it'll be back to the normal clock speed.  
How much did you lose?
True story, just did this yesterday.  Would just pay the $0.25 but it was $1.50 and was like fuck da
You do any shitting?
Do you have to pay capital gains even if it’s sitting in exchange and not converted to fiat yet?
Think it’s safe to say that patience DOES indeed pay off lol
Even if I️t dips down to 1000 resist the urge to sell, you’ll thank yourself down the road
This, my 30,000 Cardano would have been worth $18,000 if I had just held I️t and I sold I️t for a nice little profit and bought back in with much less units.  Profit is a profit don’t get me wrong but I totally fucked myself by playing the market.  Not about to make the same mistake with this coin.  
Isn’t $50 in a year a little crazy?  I mean don’t get me wrong that would be fucking amazing and that’s Tesla money right there but isn’t $50 too much?
Preach
Not stupid at all!  There really isn’t an app yet to buy Cardano so I just used my iPhone to buy it on Bittrex.  It works fine but it’s a lot of pinching and zooming.

Computer works best though
Steak burrito with brown rice, pinto beans, mild sauce, corn, cheese, and sour cream.

Would go again
Well, that was fast...
Bull run to the moon
That wall came down faster than I️t went up
Shit all you would need would be a 5-7 minute heist setup / update related mission that “requires” this rocket powered truck for some reason and you’re good.  Not only will this make I️t “relevant” but if you complete the mission you can get I️t for a discounted price!!
I bought 23 at $45, sold at $47 and went into other cryptos.  Yesterday bought $500 worth when I️t was $150 and I already made my money back and then some.  Can’t wait to buy the dip.....if there even is one.
Wanna be the first millionaire to say hi to me?
I hope so, I just watched my stake in BTC go from 0.16 to 0.29 (thanks to ADA) and then down to .09 BTC (thanks to me being an amateur) 

Currently holding 15k ADA 
Yeah 20 cents is being super bearish 
I am almost certain that I️t will be at the very least 20 cents by the end of 2018.  
Khajiit has wares, if you have coin
As a bittrex user I️m extremely salty because I wanted to buy some iota when I️t was around $ 0.40 cents but I couldn’t D:  I was lucky enough to make a pretty penny with Cardano though 
Any particular reason why?  And what price did you get in at?
I sure hope so, would love to get back into ADA at around 800 sats
Well, for starters its got a really great team behind it that includes some of the same people that helped create Ethereum.  If you look into it you'll find that it's the third generation of crypto-currency (Bitcoin being 1st gen and Ethereum being third) and it looks to solve some of the issues that Ethereum may run into down the line.  The other day it went up to around 15 cents.  I was fortunate enough to capitalize on it so I may be biased but I think it's a good choice for the foreseeable future.  
Why not?
Buy Cardano and that 350 has a good chance of turning into $700 someday
My 2 ~~cents~~ sats*
Unsettling sounds about right
Shave off what years?
How long would you say the coin stays down for?
>  

Same, I would have made the most if I just left the 30,000 units I bought alone and sold when it was at .15.  Instead, I bought and sold at different times each with a profit but with fewer coins each time.  I'm definitely not complaining though!    

Will re-enter when it eventually corrects and hold for the long term.  
Just keep in mind that there is significantly more ADA's circulating than there is ETH 
You’re 100% right.  I️’m still pretty new to this so the emotional factor is definitely still present,  I think that’s what fucks me up the most.  
I️ bought 29k ADA at 579 and sold then bought sold then bought until eventually I️ stopped at 730.  Made over $200 in about 2 hours but would have had more if I️ just held on to the original 29k.  Right now just hoping I️t will drop down to about 600 sats.  Don’t make the mistake I️ did!!
“No one ever lost money making a profit”

-Forgot who
As someone who bought at 35 this is too fucking true
This guys gets it
No shit
Do you mean orders?
How much ETH do you think a core dev is packing? 
I agree with your comment, have an upvote.
Reminds me of this poser in one of my CSU classes that would use command prompt to open up blue jay 
Will do, thanks for the tip
Just got a refurbished one on Amazon for ~$830.  Made the mistake of doing 12-month financing instead of 5% back so I might just be a bitch and go through the trouble of returning it and repurchasing another one (perhaps of higher specifications) to get some sweet % back.  
Agreed, we’ll have to wait and see what happens around the BTC fork
If NEO 10x’s I will quit my job
Can confirm, man with the nice account name is correct
😮 thought it said *treat*
Smell my heat
Was it scheduled to end at this time or did they pull the plug?
There's this Youtuber that just pumps the shit out of coins, I was there when he was pumping it, he said that it would be at $10 dollars the next day... I think his name is Crypto Trading Pro or some shit
If you’re on iOS definitely check out the app Crypto Pro, it’s $5 but it’s super nice
Wouldn’t eth be eth of the world
I see what you're saying, staying there would potentially bring new skills and more money, thanks for your advice!
Yeah definitely want to be professional about it,  I'd honestly be fine without a job for a little and it would give me more time to focus on school and I could always find another job.  Thanks for the advice!
You're right, developers aren't supposed to draw extra attention to it.  In my opinion, I don't understand why so many people are annoyed by it.  We're getting so much extra screen space compared to the ~~iPhone 6~~ iPhone 8 design.  
Yeah but look how much they will end up saving with the More account and Squaretrade
Same
I bought 40 NEO at 33 for 0.26 BTC a day before it dipped...I could have had 77 NEO
Yes.
Did you just assume my education level?  Looking at it now, 53 is a pretty good entry point, best of luck!
Not sure if sarcasm or insult probably both
Don't feel bad I bought 23 LTC at 45 and sold at 47 about a couple weeks ago ...
Do you think it'll go up or down?
You son of a bitch, I finally convinced myself I don't need the one with the touch bar and now this.. /s
What's happening on the 10th?

How would they know it's you that paid for it?
OCEAN MAN
I was about to buy the preorder case for 200 and hold onto it but I was weak
Are you serious?! $500
I will trade you for a full set of banana tracksuit for camo pants  
I got 3 yellow pants and 1 top
Flooded town = water town 
Farm with underground tunnel = chopsticks

Do you do them all at the same time or do you spread them out?
Yeah but that was Bruce Wayne
You're gonna have to cause there's only room for one passenger :)
It's the FUCKING Catalina wine mixer
Why don't you try Origin from now on, you can get yourself Battlefield and Mirror's Edge for $2.95 faggot.
*clears throat* the 24.

.....I didn't know pizza places made CPUs
So if I have 5 eth, do you think I will be able to "mine" using them?
Litecoin novice here, do you know what caused it to crash that much back then?
Then the dude's clone that was chilling in the back seat goes to pick up the cup that he threw back out again.  
Quantum Resistant Ledger
Also worth noting that in iOS 11 the signal circles have been changed to the traditional signal bars.  Doesn't seem like a big deal but it does free up some up that precious real estate in the notification bar.  
75 bitcoins at $40 each?
What about the people that are "renting" their computer's power.  Do they get paid in Eth or Golem?  
I do now
Coinbase
I mean obviously, but would you be so kind as to explain to everyone else here why Friday is payday
What's Friday?
What color Lambo are you gonna get?
Another day or so until my bank account gets verified.  I'll wait for a tiny dip and throw another $400 in.  ;)
You're right the gains are ridiculous, I only have 3.89 eth tho :(
Thanks!  How much do you have? (If you don't mind answering of course) 
I didn't realize that by doing an Id verification on Coinbase they increase the weekly limit to $500 so right now I'm at 3.89 ETH!!
Thanks, dude, I'll look into those.  I heard it mentioned a few times that Polo might be going down? or something along those lines, I could be completely wrong tho.  
Thanks dude I really appreciate it, have you personally ever used this site before?
The issue with that is coinbase limits you to $150 a week with a debit/credit card.  
Profit
But wait...There's MORE!
RemindMe! 5 days 
Too bad they took the opposite route when it comes to smartphones
I owned a macbook for about half a year but told it because it was too big.  No issues with the software but I might go with a surfacebook/surface pro for my next laptop just because I'm more familiar with windows and they have stepped up their game quite a bit in the recent years.  

Nice shot btw!
Nice setup, do you miss any Mac features?

Also wallpaper?
https://youtu.be/5UylcKg264k
Thanks 🙏 
Subbed, make more
Automatic bitch here, I only use the e brake when it's a super steep incline to be safe.  Otherwise it's just Park
not a bad idea if i see it started ill definitely contribute

*sheds tear* 
oh shit waddup, you were never alone brother as long as that glorious unicycle keeps spinning i'll be fighting by your side
I have just received news that /r/megaman and /r/datboi are teaming up to join forces and attach the OSU! logo seize fire damnit
Agreed fuck that bitch, while I'm still shitting out this Taco Bell Ima go advertise on /r/place
I like the balls
Oh Shit

It's treason, then.
Oh great 👍 looks like I CAN go 😬
Well I'm going to be out of town for the next two weeks 
oh shit
Is that the gold edition watch?
Not sure if good or bad lol
No worries, thanks for your input
Lol the one in the picture is a 42
Where's the diploma?  Or do you use it as motivation?
Ytmnd?
Thanks!
Does anyone by any chance know where this took place?  (google maps)
I'll gladly take a can of coke :)
Brave-o?
*sigh* opens netflix
Holy shit what if mike is one of the three old guys from that meme from the future?!
If you have an iPhone you can try stock wars
Yeah but will it turn into mushrooms
15 thousand years into hunter-gatherer and chill and he gives you this look
Can confirm CS 1 was super easy in college after taking it in HS
Everybody knows a catapult is incapable of launching a 300kg object over 90 meters with a counterweight..
Dbrand tho
Black Friday?
Rope.
"Bullshit asshole, no one likes the tuna here"
I noticed..
Yeah the director 
If anything its Eugene's fault cause they went to D.C. because of him
Brave Wilderness just made a video about Zion
Negan flipping off Daryl was perfect
How so
At first I thought it was an older Infernus, maybe a remastered infernus from Vice City?
ヽ(￣д￣;)ノ=3=3=3            ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Oh nice, if I ever find myself in ABQ I'll definitely go on the tour, thanks.  
Would you say the bus is still "packed" to this day or is is pretty scarce(non-flannel)  nowadays
They should only make "boot" ones, which I always thought were in the shape of CT
In a few years you'll understand, that's all they told me I can say..
I don't get it... edit: am retarded
oh shit..
Coyote Peterson's content is too good to be turned into a meme, this was one of the weirder episodes tho
*username
Unique art style, almost every picture has no people in it.  
Assuming he got the game at launch for 60 bucks (current price on steam is $5).  6,392 hours of gameplay would come out to 0.009 cents per hour so a thousand hours would cost around 9 bucks.  Since op said he got it for him 2 years ago but if instead he got it for him at launch then at this rate he would have accumulated 47,940 hours which is around 5 years, that means this game is taking up 1/3 of his time, what a fuckin noob
Mental
I agree, they're definitely gonna come out with a new mechanism for the bands but I don't think it's gonna be after 2 generations, at least I hope not.  
Yeah the worst part is when the rest of the store has to come over and help you and then it just makes you look bad even though there was nothing you could do about it, I once got in trouble for dimming the lights after closing when a customer was still in the dressing room lol.  
The dry week you described would be an upgrade to me, I could talk about technology with a stranger for free.  Definitely better than standing in a fitting room for an 8 hour shift just to have the last person leave after close with a cart full of inside out clothing (10+ pieces) and hangers that get stuck to the cart.  
I understand, it's just that at my job I've never had to do it in the two yeas I've worked there.  There are janitors that are supposed to do it but they're not there on weekends.  I know it sounds like I'm bitching about it but I learned after that it was there since they day before and they didn't even bother to clean it before any customers entered.  You should have seen it, shit everywhere, it was demolished.  If they told me when I was hired that I would be doing this sort of thing once in a while then I wouldn't have a problem with it.  Sorry for the rant and thanks for the advice!
Reason 1: I was supposed to be ringing, my shift manager tried to get me to do it by doing her a "favor". 2: business casual attire is not ideal for bathroom cleaning, last thing I need is shit to squirt all over a clean shirt.  3: it's not in my job description and I was the only male working st the time(mostly women) 
"...naked man and woman"  I always thought it was "everybody knows they can MAKE a man a woman"  Really sucks I have to find this out the day he died, RIP.
Honestly sounds like it makes the day go by fast.  The main reason I left my previous job of two years is because it was the exact opposite of that, it was so boring and repetitive oh and also mainly because they wanted me to clean the women's bathroom, that's what pushed me over the fence to leave.  It's been maybe a month since I left that job,  if they ask me why, how would you recommend that I tell management?  
Nice! What kind of stuff do you do to the computers, I'm assuming running virus scans and that sort of stuff?
Gotcha, thanks for the input
Thanks dude!  appreciate it!
Well as a computer science major I'd prefer to work on the computers but my previous retail experience is in sales so I'm kind of locked in.  
How do you like it?
Thanks for the advice!  Do you work there now?
Hmm is it gonna be the Accord today or the good ole Camry 
I wish I could be exempt from this class.  No bullshit I'm getting dressed now to go to one of the activity days now.  I believe today is yoga kill me.
Can't up vote this enough, one of my bullshit homework assignments for my PE class (required) was due at 12, i started it at 11:50, submitted at 11:56, got a 100.  What is even the point?  
How hot does it get op?
*deep sigh* wrong platform.. thank you tho lol
What would you give me for either a saffron disco or a burnt sienna pulsus (1 day timer remaining on both)
Ah ok no worries 
Offer still on the table?  Mine still has a 4 day timer on it though.
Found the zenyatta
I have burnt sienna pulsus, saffron discoteques, and regular discoteques
Shh...  Might be one of those ESDF guys, they don't fuck around
Maybe, I'm gonna see what other offers I get first
Maybe, I'm gonna see what other offers I get first
Sorry sold them for 10 already
Already have lobo sorry, ty tho
Sorry gonna pass, thank you tho
Fuck that I'll give you 2 frostbites
Holy shit..
no worries good luck
edit: what would you give me?
Sorry gonna pass on that one, gonna give you an upvote tho cause i feel bad
How does 11 keys sound?  I'm also willing to substitute a key for 2 crates

Yes if for normal loopers, no if for lime
Classic Bone
That amp is Schiit
DEJA VU!
Sold!, Ill add you
All the sites say that its worth 17-20, How does 16 sound?
Sold!
I'll add you now

876
Thanks dude, I should have checked beforehand.  Price lowered.  
Yeah right now this one is pretty much tethered to the desktop all the time.  I want my little angel to be free.  The guy didn't say what key switches it has but it's not gonna be a huge deal if its something else, hoping for clears but i doubt it.  
Hmm I don't know if this is a rare pepe or not.  I'm gonna have to call in a buddy of mine, he knows all about this sort of thing.  
So you're saying every time Walt jr wanted to take a shit he would have to hobble all the way to the bathroom in his parents room?
I just bought a 15 inch MacBook Pro retina. But I got it for $900 and it was a 2013 model.  I was waiting for the new ones to come out like you but this deal came along and I pulled the trigger.
This is what I hate about Apple they add all these cool features in but they NEVER show you how to use them.  Another example of this is in photos when you want to select multiple images really fast.  To do it you just hit the select key and swipe all the images you want.  But there's no way I would have figured this out if it wasn't for reddit.  /rant
I just bought a early 2013 15" macbook pro retina for $900, deal or no deal?
Trick question, I'd rather be the dipshit with the lint in the pockets.  
Pennies on the dollar
Remindme! 1 week
I don't think it has to do with the screen coating itself but rather with the video card scrambling the video on the screen.  Do you have the early or late 2013 model?
He said he hasn't heard of any issues.  I don't think it's his personal laptop, he has a website with numerous electronics so he probably got it way cheaper and is just flipping it.  Win-win, thanks for the suggestion tho!
*cough Social work major *cough 
boostgod himself

You know you're fucked when OP himself didn't even put Macbook Pro as a tile
What a time to be alive
Only thing these shoes have going for them is the hype ugly af
So sexy, it just sucks that the front plates are required in some areas
Hope you don't mind me asking but how'd you manage to get 75k at 20, fellow 20 year old asking
Holy shit.
When I started my ap cs class I didn't know anything and now it's my major, unless your teacher is really bad you'll be good.
Not really
The fact that you're concerned about this before the class has even started puts you in a better position than the rest of the class, unless they're concerned about it too.. In which case you're fucked
The one next to my house had people lined up so they could cop
Domo arigato mr roboto 
So then weren't you technically not 1/3 anymore? /s Congrats tho
Champs restock
There's a 30 day return period I think, but if you mail it into them because of a potential defect then they have to be < 2 years old.  
What shoes did you send in and what was wrong with them?  
Yeah I'll try that now, thanks 
I believe what they do is email you a gift card code worth the value of the shoes + $10 to accommodate the shipping
I've had them for only 4 months or so and i don't do anything extreme with them at all.  I still have the receipt but I'm not sure if I should mail it in to adidas for a potential refund.  Any help would be much appreciated, thanks!
..I know right, listen I gotta go, do you mind explaining to everyone who doesn't know what it means
That's some real yin yang type of shit right there
Thanks :)
Same
Thanks dude!
Yeah tried online first but I'm lucky enough that I live pretty close to champs so I called and they had it in stock still ~2 hours after they opened
Last summer I went inland a little and there are some pretty cool abandoned foundations, gotta watch out for thorns and shit though.  
I'm getting a Saleen S7 vibe
Tmartn reminds me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J64If0N_1nc
That's right next to that McDonald's and Wendy's isn't it? What a crazy bitch lol

Wouldn't a Ferrari with a 3 gallon gas tank make more sense 🤔
Why are you still using a 3GS ?

Don't get me started about SnipaKilla10..
Is that the one that looks just like snipakilla11?
When I read the title I thought there was another mass shooting with 16-10 dead crazy world we live in
Not fluent in swift but I think that's right
Most apps support swiping right to go back
Ironically no dark mode either
Hopes crushed
Dirt Rally + randompls (idk what this means someone pls tell me)
Close your comms! Over.
I know totally worth the price tag, what other colors do you have?
What about him?
I thought it looked a little funny..
Civilization 6 gameplay [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlJpGX7qU-M)
You forgot to downvote ;)
That sounds more like something that Jian yang would do...that little Chinese bastard 
<lights cigar>
Burning trash is illegal
I understand it, but can you go ahead and explain it to everyone that doesn't please
They should really add landscape functionality, if android has it iOS should too
TGF's
Or we can just save time and start saying TGF
A documentary about a documentary..we need to go deeper
I wish
You did not just say that..
What if future flagships shipped with two usb c ports on the bottom?
Do a tennis ball, I heard that they cannot be crushed.  Also Congrats on your channels success!
Ah yes, christmas iqlw
Because more people use mice. 
Blockbuster and chill?
Some of those words have a lot of syllables in them, do you want me to get you some ice?
You obviously have a very good understanding of how it all works.
Hey, that's pretty goood
What does a wizard do when he's one the orange team and his colors don't match anymore?
Alien blue pro users just got 4 years of gold
Welcome to the fucking show /s 
Oh, thank god
What does the ) represent?
Nice try
It's definetly 3v3?
Mine too, is mainly used for Rocket League
My dualshock 4 too, lives on top of my Design 5
Take it to a custom framing store, they will be able to use a heat press to flatten out any creases
Take it to a custom framing store, they will be able to use a heat press to flatten out any creases
TIL
Is it cool if I get my shit back?
What made you switch?
Press and swipe right
Well, uh..
LMAO this is from CCSU I used to see this shit everyday
A black case on that pok3r would fit right in
I hope you know that the rgb pok3r will be dropping soon
True, it's gotten to the point where I'm more efficient on the smaller keyboards
Whoa whoa whoa, did you say rgb model?
More importantly, is that a upvote sodiepop?
Owning a shit keyboard doesn't give you the right to shit all over this community/subreddit.  The reason you're getting downvoted is because you're showing off your new huffy bike to a group of professional cyclists.  Get over yourself..
Fuckin' billionaires
8/8 m8 gr8 reb8
I prefer Gmail
Exactly

In the near future reddit apps won't be able to use Snoo in the icon anymore.  Something to do with reddit api changes.  
I came here to say this
Are the DSA's really low compared to other keycaps?
FYI there is also a backlit version
I WILL EAT YOUR FUCKING FAMILY
If you use the same apple id on your iPad then all you have to do is just purchase the pro again.  It's going to ask you to purchase pro and once you do then it will say something like "you purchased it already it was restored at no cost".  I think.  
/r/pettyrevenge

Developers!
I wasn't even jerking off
569
how so?
Now.  
More subs should do this!

Just out of curiosity what made it cringe-worthy?
1: Cut a hole in the rock
And it's the next big thing.  
What if it is IT related?
Yeah I'd rather have the trackpad now that I think about it lol.  
Would that be considered cannibalism?
http://i.imgur.com/BZSZfAd.gif
They could make it so it's only always on when the phone isn't on silent?
It's good for beginners but once you get a hang of it you're better off moving to something like eclipse or netbeans.  
That's his secret.  He always was the dude that plays the incredible Hulk in the Avengers.  
I think I'm just gonna be the bigger man here and walk away.  
But dad!
What keyboards are those?
Not sure but it probably would make it easier to get reception in certain areas.  
I actually just switched to T-Mobile  from Verizon 2 days ago.  It's pretty much the same for the most part.  Obviously Verizon has more coverage but it's not a night/day difference.  So far the only places where I get no service is inside of Copernicus.  If you don't mind toggling airplane mode once in a while to get it to reconnect I'd say go for it.  So much better paying 120/month for 4 lines with 10 gb each instead of 180 for 3 gigs shared.  
It looked so much better with the old one.
How are the astros working out for ya?
I was just on that fuckin' island like 3 days ago.  
Which one are they giving you?  Base 13"?
Did you guys make the switch over the macs yet?  If so, how are you liking OSX?
What are some side projects that you did?
Would make sense on my windows machine.  
That's the face people make when they see you.  
Bring him home!
I think the vibrant colors of the phone and messages give it a nice accent.  
Does this actually happen in game?

Get out.
1

D
Dude, it was a joke.
I could have sworn this was bad company 2..
"Probably"
Needs more monitors.
As someone who used to play this game quite a bit (~400 hours/account rank 9/10?).  I stopped playing right around the kubra introduction/gunslinger warframe.  I was looking into getting back into this game.  So basically what did I miss?
Could be 14 milllion and one but something keeps happening.  
How do you figure out of the ball went it?  Do you just ask the user if it was a hit or miss?
That would be pretty cool if he somehow managed to put the bodies inside of trees.  But it would be way too much work.
Could you post your resume please.  I would love to see what the resume of someone who has an interview at a company like that (Tesla?).  Thanks and good luck!
Are you saying that PC gaming is a walled garden?
What are some of the pros?
How so?  Wouldn't it be pretty cool to not have anybody in the store and have time to chat with other employees?
iOS 10?  One can dream...
Dropbox should be blue
Does anyone know why he would do that to himself?

How big of an impact on battery life will this have?
Thanks!

Which repo?

What's the theme?

You'll find out how John Connor got his scar.  
I would check out the "Grey Market" first.  I was able to get the pre-purchase version of MKX for $15 a week or so after it came out.  
Also two questions

-Can you still do the thing where you drag the video down in the bottom corner and it still plays?
-When you're on somebody's channel does the top banner change colors to match their banner pic like on android?
Where do you live?

Not /u/mythekos but would be interested in some help with iFile :)
I got the robot class to work but letters & numbers but when I try to do it with enter it doesn't seem to work.  Not yet at least ;(
I'm gonna work on it later today. :D
Yeah I know, I just wanna get it worked out in the terminal first before I jump into GUI.  
I only did it once before but that program was using swing so that's probably why.  
I'm gonna give this a shot and get back to you.  What did you mean by "you'll have to have focus on the entry in order to make it register."?  Thanks for the help!
Oh ok, what about when the program eventually becomes an .exe will the raw mode transfer over?  Thanks for the help!
Hey!  That's just the empty array that it prints out when you don't hit enter and the timer runs out.  It's there for testing.  By "something other than [ ]" I mean the user's input.  When you can start typing theres a timer thats like 5 seconds and if you don't hit enter before that timer's done then it just outputs [ ].  If you hit enter before the time is up then it [prints,out,your,input,like,this].  If I could just force an enter before that timer is done my problem will be solved but the thing is I don't even know if that's possible lol.  
I guess that's what happens when you make your scanner static and put it above the main method..
Imagine how awesome it would be if Furlong didn't suck and he was in Genisys.  
Joy to the world...
Pg-13 tho

They could make a prequel to genisys with that?  But it would have to be all cgi.  
Turns out he's a real life terminator.  
It's literally a dollar.  
It's a good app but personally I find the interface hard to fall in love with.  
I don't really see why they would.  In my opinion it's their own notepad.  It's the same reason they won't port over their Alarm app.  However I would download it right away if they did port it over.
Is there any that let you play any song from the playlist?
You can supercharge spotify?
Sounds like something that would happen in one of my dreams...
Apparently the substrate just got updated an hour ago and everybody's shitting themselves and all the servers are dead.  
Yeah dude.  For a better understanding check out /r/jailbreak
How is it?  In terms of compatibility.  
Are you on 8.3 by any chance?
I wonder what iOS 9's adoption rate is gonna look like as a result of this.  I know Tim and his pie charts are gonna be happy.  
Unless you really need a new phone wait for the iPhone 6s.  It's only a few months away and its most likely going to be better.  If it's a flop (unlikely) then you can get the 6 for less.  
Welcome to reddit.
Not familiar with OSX.  Can you elaborate on installing programs.  
Aren't you supposed to flip the part with the yogurt so it falls right in?
I use this widget called counter.  It's just a simple stopwatch right there in nc.  I use it to keep track of my breaks at work. 
But..but I like my Kirkland watch :(
They should get rid of the numbers on iOS's clock icon and make it more like the one found on watch OS.  Much cleaner look imo.  
Agreed but I still don't understand why they gave the thugs completely different haircuts.  
You just described the feeling I have perfectly.  
Can you post a link to those monitors?
I like to take my life one upvote at a time..
They DID show an iphone 6 mounted to the pipboy..
Ha HAH I will downvote you because my android device doesn't have this game ha HAH /s
It's either a 13" MBP or an older 15" rMBP
It's been confirmed that sync for reddit is in development for iOS.         
huehuehue
Shut up cunt.
The name itself is a paradox if you think about it.  
This website works in mysterious ways...
nope

How do you get MK1 Kano?
Thanks for clearing that up!
I see, thanks for the fast reply.  But what if you need to go back and edit the code?  Unless this is done at the final stage when it has been confirmed that the code works the way it should.  
How often does it get shrunken down to the 3rd form (x.v - q(x,t))?  Does this improve performance significantly?
I heard they lost a guy and are down to 404 members.
"We".."are".."fa".."mi"..."li.".."People say nothing is impossible.  But I do nothing everyday." - Winnie the Pooh.  
No, there's not enough of them.  
Best Buy?  If you say Microcenter so help me God...
I'm pretty sure that just means you're a bitch /s
Where I work theres this security dude that's certified or some shit and he's the only one allowed to make physical contact.  Funny thing is he's only there on select days.  
Before you go overpaying for more Razer gear I recommend checking out some other companies.
Why not just get the same mouse?  The Logitech g100s might do it for you though.  Also just out of curiosity, how long did that mouse last for you?
Have you looked into the Zowie ZA?  It comes in three sizes and just recently came out.  It's pretty similar to the FK's it's just that it has a more significant hump towards the back, kind of like your current mouse.  Also this mouse shoud be good for the grips you use.  
Extra ram module would provided the structural integrity required to prevent the bend.  Forward slash s. 
You bring up a good point but sadly you're gonna get down voted.  
Don't hate it just because you can't get it.  
It's not really supposed to.  It makes it less serious.  
Same, just cause it has a cooler wow factor than say reds or browns.  
I thought the za11 shares the same dimensions with the Sensei?
Pls tell me what you do cause this game seems to be getting boring for me and my friends.  
Nice, I just got a das 4 and I plan on returning it and getting a 60% board instead.  Most likely a Ducky mini (same one as you) or a Pok3r.  Brown switches.  
Oh nice, how much did you get it for?  Also what #?
First of all screw you for living next to a Micro Center.  Second, you should try contacting Ducky about the missing [keychain](http://i.imgur.com/NJ5vY2v.png).  They might be able to help you out.  
What is his actual license plate?
How are you liking the Pok3r op?  What are the keycaps like compared to other mechs?
Even something as simple as a red stapler laying around would do it.  
Plot hole:  if OJ  is talking German in the night , wouldn't they hear him when he was living in the garage?
Nice board!  It really sucks that you didn't get the keychain.  You should try to contact Ducky about that.  Also what number keyboard did you get?
cringe
I'm on the verge of buying either of the two.  Which would you recommend?
yeah you do
Germany?
Hey OP I just got the professional version of the same board a few days ago.  When you spin the volume knob do you notice that it's kind of crooked or not 100% flat when you spin it?  I'd appreciate your feedback because this has me on the verge of returning this otherwise awesome board.  Thanks.  
How much was it?  And how hard has it been adjusting to the smaller board size?
Are you sure abut that? /s
I thought that was a macbook pro 13 at first lol
One can only hope they make the iOS YouTube app prettier :D
http://roemesquita.deviantart.com/art/Terminator-506631206

God damn it I was set on buying the 13 pro this summer!

The perpetrator most likely used his keyboard sir. 
Worth the debt.  
Tell me more about this "Joe"
Oh my GOD!?
What's your job title?
You brought up good point
A green orge.. that would be interesting.
I interpreted that as "Every character dies after x amount of time" shyyt
Or it unlocks every hour or so of your characters life and you get the choice to wear the "skin".  Once  you die the beard items will disapear and the timer will reset.  Maybe after a few hours some options such as the "Clean shave skin" will disappear so you cant hide with the fresh spawns.  There would have to be a new category for this as well.  Maybe "Temporary Items".
These guys just don't give up huh? Lol
<bang>
What about your texture settings
Guess those classes didn't do shit after all lol
Okay, that's way too much ketchup
If I had an owl I'd name it that.  
If I had an owl I'd name it that.  
"During iPhone 6 lunch, they were spreading butter"  FTFY
Theme?
Found the English major
Just in "case" 
I thought the buttons on the back were there so that the bezels can be smaller than average?
which mouse is that?
They think it makes them a 1337 h4x0r cause it has a slightly higher learning curve than iOS.  
People can't seem to understand that the gap between iPhone's and android devices isn't as big as the one between consoles and PC's.  Owning an iPhone doesn't make you a peasant.  
People are acting like the new Macbook is replacing the Macbook air and Pro
is that windows phone?
"comp scie mba combi is a mid six figure niche my boy "
please define this 
sure looks like it 
Here's a [link](http://youtu.be/TFU9PUoPCy8?t=41s) to the dance scene!
Ejaculation is a hell of a drug
You like that you fucking retard?
Very nice, IMO you should make the chrome icon's circle bigger and make the colored lip under the icons a bit slimmer
How do i get the google search bar on top?
Whoa did they update it the vechicles to support first person perspective?  

Everyone would just kill him?
thank you...
how big are all of the monitors op, including the one in the middle?  thanks
;)
OP, is that a Tekmat?
It's the one that came with the usb amp so its ~5-6 feet long.  I did some more research on this and I think the amp is picking up a radio signal.  It went away this morning but yesterday I got a very faint Fox Sports Radio broadcast that was a good minute ahead of their website.  There are other people that get this problem with guitar amps and other amps so I guess I just live too close to an AM tower or something.  I thought I was listening to a hacker's mic and they were listening to sports radio at first but I like to jump to conclusions way too fast lol.  Thanks for the help tho :)
ripped up your wrist? pls explain more
oh sweet looks so badass
Edit: I restarted my computer and it just comes back.  When I disable 'listen to this device' I hear it again.  I cant find anything online..
Holy shit what mouse pad is that
[Here's a video of people ice-skating across it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
ssssssssss
Glu Mobile:  I need your iPhone, 3.2 gb, and your credit card number
Wouldn't you be able to run the game in windowed mode and still be able to see all that stuff?
Very well said!
How did they make these maps?
the front lights on my red one were dead on arrival :(

You just described the American Lottery
Looks like something straight out of hotline miami
Are you telling me that I can log on right now and go cook some meth inside a camper if I wanted to?
fuckin magnets
Thank god (or should I say Duarte) I thought they were for real lol.    Sadly I bet there are a few of them who are serious D:
that subreddit makes me cringe
Is that it in the top left corner directly under that rock near the edge of the water with its head being the right most part of it?
I was more disappointed with the fact that they kept the ugly apex design w/ the jumbo space bar WHY Steelseries!?
In one of the fucking videos the guy said the light is centered on the key and as a result you will be faster to see and hit the key...
Am I the only one that thinks it would have looked nicer if the beer was in focus instead of the mountains?
nice!
lmao nice
Whats the pay like?
How often do you use that building to check the time?
Looks much better :D
Nice you did the thing with the circles on the app stores!  Another thing I noticed that might need some work is the calculator icon.  The original one is quite nice so I think you could maybe take that one and giver it the matte finish and make the black lines thinner.  Other than that looks good.  As for the name, I was thinking Flatte (matte+flat).  
Lol oh when you do the App Store and iTunes Store you should do them without the ring, it will be much cleaner.
Also the blue banner on top of the calender app should be a little bigger IMO
True, but you have to remember that this their air lineup and it didn't have a lot of power or an sd card slot to begin with.  I doubt that they will do this to the mbp.  
when you double click home button are the appp icons in the multitasking view the default ones or the custom ones?
I think that there are too many people who prefer the smaller size and too many optimized apps for them to just abandon the 4 inch market at this point.  
:(
Theres this thing called Alien Blue
Is that a 6 or 6 plus?
I'll be reverting it today ;)
Yeah I jailbroke my 5s about a week ago then just restored it to a backup through iTunes  to see how it worked and that's it you're back to normal with no traces of a jailbreak.  So easy.  
[I think I should get it so I can re-gift my friends some games and totally not blow it all on keys.  ](http://replygif.net/1425) 
I play on PC because [this](http://i.imgur.com/u3gXqFK.gif) happens when I use a console.  
What did bad company have that the newer ones lack?
/r/copythat
I was gonna get it yesterday but Best Buy didn't have any left so I ended up getting a razer deathadder chroma instead and so far I am quite impressed.  
How do you like that mouse
But rpetunderclass, Why not just get an android? 
You smart.
Probably claw-palm hybrid 75% claw 25% palm
I bought it and returned it a few days later.  The rubber coating was always slipperly especially after washing my hands.  Also the shape of it was kind of weird.  The sensor was good, no complains there but if I was you I would give the Corsair m65 rgb a look.  
Didn't read the title all the way and thought these were CS:GO skins at first lol
"probably"
Sure did, I go to sleep with 75% I wake up with 74%.  I charge it for 20 minutes it goes up almost 20% (5s).  Look at the 6 plus' battery, it's amazing!  Sure Android phones are capable of having good battery life but it's just not as consistent as iOS.  
What they could do is replace the final gold knife with other rare gold knives (karambit, cuntsman, butterfly)
Features, what features?  I'd rather be first in line for better apps.  Look at monument valley, android isnt even getting one of the level packs cause the developers said it's not worth it.  The amazing camera and battery life doesn't hurt either ;)  

also, their "weak ass hardware" outperforms android phones with superior hardware in benchmarks
I know right, fuck having a phone that has better apps and doesn't lag.  
Is it true that this is bad for the battery?
How does it work?
Copy that.
Thanks!
Aren't they all islands?
Well I can't argue with that logic.
Are those their gray or light gray key caps?
So you're the one who let the dogs out.  
It really depends on how lucky you get, my Sensei Raw (glossy)'s cord  crapped out after about a year.  If you're going for longevity then I would go for something Logitech cause of their awesome warranty.  I just exchanged a corsair sabre rgb for a logitech g502 at best buy yesterday and so far I'm pretty impressed.  
I don't get it?
Where was it used in the finale?
Oh shit, good eye!
Why would you start watching this late into the show?  
If this was compatible with chromebooks then I would have seriously considered getting one.
Cool, thanks!
where can I get the "google" keycaps?
rip in piss bitch
http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/spchless.gif
You know you can get the rgb version without the crab logo right?
what kind of a grip do you have?
Is there a subreddit for vids like this?
How much lag would there be you were to do this today?
Gotta love the silky blonde hair and the hot dog skin.  
I see what you did there.  
If they did it with RYSE and Dead Rising 3 then I can see it happening with these games as well, I just hope it's a decent port.  
Ubisoft made some bad choices and essentially turned into EA so everyone keeps saying they keep digging themselves into a hole they'll never be able to get out of.  
You should pitch the game to Ubisoft.  
Oh no, "Steps" is a standalone app.  The icon is a blue background with a white figure walking.  
One of my favorites is the Steps widget.  All it does is tell you how many steps you did today.  The app is really good too if all you want to know is how many steps you did in a week.  Plus there are no ads.  
[Reminds me of this](http://i.imgur.com/LoDZXKc.png)
If you do decide to take this route then keep in mind that the k70 RGB doesn't have that usb port on the back anymore.
Yeah I knew about this, it's a lot but it's very small compared to the google play store.  I just checked Instagram there and it has almost 16 million reviews.  I think this is because it's so much easier to review apps on the play store compared to the app store.  
Cool, you should give the app the ability to display more detailed information.  For example, say the apps says something along the lines of "It's going to rain today"  the user will want to know when it's gonna rain so you should give them that functionality so they don't have to open another weather app.  
How do you hear the alarm?
Newington  CT ?
Is there a subreddit dedicated to this type of stuff?
Yeah it's kind of sad that something like this made it past quality assurance.  
Thought it was real until I noticed the potatoes
PS4 is a great company
Did they also have it on display to try out?
Litchrally
From what I've heard, they're mostly gonna be making it even more kb+m friendly.  [This](http://cdn8.howtogeek.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/microsoft-build-conference-windows-8.1-start-menu4.png) is one of the things that I'm most excited for. 

EDIT: [Here's a video of it in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGf4ZScmxnY) 
Windows 8.1 Update 2 will make it even more PC-friendly, whenever it comes out
Travel safely brethren
Do you have the "On Trigger" box checked?
Do the objects have a box collider 2d instead of a regular box collider?
[Steelseries Sensei](http://steelseries.com/us/products/games/dota2/steelseries-kana-dota-2-edition-bundle)
Not sure if this is what you mean but it's a great mouse nontheless
When you lay it flat on a table without a case, does it wobble around (sort of like a keyboard with only one of it's feet up) ?
oh, have you tried getting a replacement?
What do you mean by rub?
This happened to me the day Watch Dogs released
It's not plastic
Thank you for pointing me in the right direction,  I will definetely be trying out some of the stuff you recommended as well as some of your apps ;)
Good strategy I see how that will significantly increase the downloads and reveue.  But if you were someone who is about to release their first game and had limited marketing resources, how would you do it (well, how did you do it lol).  Thanks!

EDIT:  Just out of curiosity if you don't mind answering, how much revenue would you say you make a month?
How would you go about advertising / marketing a game that you're about to release?
If there was civilization there then all the billionaires would probably live on that small island.  
You could also go for the [Corsair one](http://www.amazon.com/Corsair-Vengeance-Extended-Edition-CH-9000046-WW/dp/B00FK1E41U/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1409593641&sr=8-1&keywords=corsair+extended+mouse+pad).  It comes in multiple sizes and the logo isn't obnoxious either. 
Oh cool, I didn't even know you could do that
That's a good point?
Why is your space bar at that angle?
what happens if you click on it?
Comin right up
Max Payne 3, when the [music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCQoTRSjbAc) starts playing in the airport level.  Holy shit
Don't forget about Tomb Raider
Tipped fedora too many times
And when you look up afterwards its just rock most of the time which makes no sense
Thanks for the feedback, I was thinking about giving the blocks a little glow effect.  
Thanks for the feedback, I'll take those things into consideration :)
The worst part is that you can see the car's reverse lights come on at the last second
Well played OP...well played
The Internet is for corn!
Different mirror...
Yeah, it worked.  Thanks for the help!
I tried both and it still doesn't work lol.  Got any other suggestions?
http://pastebin.com/X8Yz1Djc
I will, thanks!
I don't remember but thanks for your help!  I think I'll just go in there some time next week and get the replacement.  
No, my cell phone number.  After I gave it to them they knew right away my carrier, phone color, and that it was 16gb.  
Garry's Mod.  I would just spawn in whatever I want.  It's anything and everything...
I just wanted someone to pm me...
[bf3stats.com](http://bf3stats.com/)
Hey Tony!  What (or who) got you into skating?  Thanks!
Hey ~~TJ~~ T.J.!  huge fan!  I got two questions for you. 
1: Did you ever code before Silicon Valley(show)?
2: Can we get some background information on *Aviato?*
Thanks!


How did you manage to get the update?
Do you get to keep the game forever or just for the time its free?
it does...
please

Is it true that you can leap over a chair from standing position?
I left my current clan, would like to join IGN: THEJESUSCHRIST
ok, i left my current clan.  It should work now IGN THEJESUSCHRIST
Looking to join IGN: THEJESUSCHRIST
What was it like being on The Office?
$500?
Maybe it's the dad who needs a hard life lesson
Yeah, and if they ever add emotes (I heard somewhere they might) it would be a nice way for everyone to "socialize" instead of everyone spamming their skills
There could even be a really small chance to get thrown into one of the towers
null
Fun Fact: the pizza hut driver was the director of the movie
He's not BR KEN
god damn koreans
Go climb a wall of dicks
Look's like it's meant for this [game](http://i2.cdnds.net/13/20/618x334/gaming-remember-me-concept-art-1.jpg), you might not remember it though..