You guys got better at your dance move after a bit....still looks like a seizure but improved.
This photo reminds me a lot of a picture I took last year (in July) at Mitchell Lake in Colorado:

https://i.imgur.com/1pnifQ7.jpg
I never had it as far as I can tell.  I grew up in a religious family (and they still are very much so) and the area I lived in they even had bible class in school (public school...they got around it by having the class off the school campus every day).  For me though for whatever reason it was never interesting and pretty soon switched over to just feeling ridiculous.

In my parent's church they baptise at around I think 12 or something (can't remember exactly how old I was).  You take classes and stay after church to do various activities to get ready for it.  They built it up saying how it would be an extremely spirtual moment and you'd finally truely connect to god.  So I got kind of hopeful, I had long since stopped having any real belief in god but I thought but I was just missing out and not understanding so I gave it my full effort.

The baptism came and went with no revelation or any feeling other than cold water.  So I was disappointed but that would be as close as I remember ever having had faith or having lost it.



Player took the only reasonable action in that situation and ran.

/u/opfeels /u/ForwardBias


"My parents don't understand me"

"Light weights" -Colorado

Trail Ridge Road:
https://endtimessigns.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/rockies-late-snow-856285734_v2-grid-8x2.jpg
Truck 1: doing 99% of the work
Truck 2: That's fine but we need it just a liiiiiiittle bit wider
"fly bug wing fly!!!!!!
You're not kidding I was having trouble initially trying to figure out why any of it was bolded because it all matched so perfectly.

Seriously where? I looked and couldn't find it :-(
"Uh Chris I think I told you to wear gloves when you do that"
I don't know about support but she'll have beliefs, and her entire sense of self and world view are wrapped up in those beliefs.  Changing something like that will be hard...facts tend to barely dent the surface of such things.
Those dice are shitty I can barely make out the numbers.
I can just imagine him revising this several times before finally deciding its perfect and sending it.
What is that from?

2006?  Well then there might be a newer even scarier version by now, yay!!
Contract employees (of which there are hundreds of thousands like me) will just get the shaft though.  My employer is paying out of pocket for tomorrow but if it goes on too long then we're just unpaid if it goes on too long the company is at risk (small company).
Fem Genos....took me two or three episodes before I was sure Genos wasn't a female.
Her calmness was impressive...I would have been somewhere between crying and begging for my armor to just be removed instead as I didn't want it anymore anyway.
Sweet thank you, I can probably rip out the relevant part :-)

On a side note. Is it me or is the german redubbing on this horrible?  I mean the voices don't seem like they've been mixed into the movie very well, it sounds like someone just in a sound booth and not like the voices are coming from the characters.
Ok, I guess everyone has their own experiences...so far I have been lucky it would seem.
Anyone happen to find this somewhere in higher resolution?  Maybe even in GIF format?

Interesting ok thanks
What are TechBros?
I was arguing with someone who was comparing peanut butter to nutella (they didn't like peanut butter).  I made the point that the two aren't anywhere similar and they were confused because they're both "from nuts".  So I started comparing around and figured out that Nutella has more sugar per volume than betty crocker cake icing....any of them....wtf?  
My kids have capes...I sometimes put it on around the house.......
Flame throwers, explosives, firing compressed ice shells into Ukraine....something.....though that "mincer" is kinda terrifying looking.
"You'll let me use this thing AND pay me to do it??? Sign me up"
Aliens :-)

Actually he's in a video I took just a second or two later to show the blowing snow.  I guess its just all the white making the contrast so high that it looks weird.

A bit, nothing terrible up to the winter closing.  After that there was snow and ice but a lot of dry pavement too.
Yup, it was completely frozen
lol I'll let him know :-)
Wonder what he did to taint the lettuce.......

That's sad :-(

Ok well how about we go with a real place that actually exists:

[Maroon Bells in Colorado](https://78.media.tumblr.com/66041a9425ec0f86ec35ca4e4c2a384e/tumblr_nde8g0iU311qef7v1o1_1280.jpg)

There are people who say this?!?  Anyone who says women are too emotional just discount all the emotions that men are "allowed" to display (anger, pride, etc) as not being emotions because men are allowed to display them.  Much less all the emotions that men actually have and are supposed to hide....anyway fuck these people.
Yeah try /r/hoking, this is the wrong sub :-)
Holy crap, I was assuming he was some sorta of creepy friend, random 25 year old guy being like "hey lets meet" to a 12 year old!  Wow.
god damn this was my first thought too!
Define strong?
"here Mr. Assassin, let me screw that silencer on for you"
Its more like, I want to play these and in many case enjoy them immensely for a time then can't be bothered to finish.  Its the tension between what's available and what I wish there was more of that is causing my annoyance.  Just stopping play entirely just means I still have the desire to play and nothing (or at least very little) to fulfill that desire.
Hellblade is definitely on my wishlist waiting for the next time I need a new game.  Your comment made me move it up to the top thanks.
I hear you on the BOTW comments.  Yet another of the games I have that sit unfinished but full of so much potential.  Glad I had a WiiU sitting around that I could use instead of buying the new system for it.  Its really fun and lots of things to like about it but after a while its 90% of doing the samething over and over and trying to remember what the purpose of the game is while seeing more of the same.  The first 20 hours shine then it fades till one day I don't bother turning it back on.
I have bunch of indy games/small studio games too, and many are awesome.  Still though with them I miss things like the graphics, voice acting, etc that you get with a AAA game.  I support them for sure but still wish for something in the middle.
Haha you mention two of the games I have sitting around unfinished.  The big companies complain that games cost so much to make and require such a huge company to build but if they instead focused a little more on the more important parts of the game and made it smaller and more manageable maybe we'd all benefit.
Finally, I can start my door to door colonoscopy business!!
Really?  I remember just driving the tractor and pushing the lever to turn the cutter/raker/bailer on or off.  Though admittedly I was like 14 so trying to just not drive the damn thing into a fence was hard.
"Gawd damn lazy robots, not going to fool me pretending to do work"
https://batworld.org/rabies-info/

Small excerpt:

 In reality, bats contract rabies far less than other animals
Sad how little snow we have
Not only that your vantage has moved, its more that you have forgotten what sucked.  You ignore the bad things that happened, gloss over the perspective of the losers in history and glorify things you don't even understand.
Are not tariffs ultimately paid for by the consumer?  That is, tariffs will make all goods cost more.  Which means we'd have less money to spend on other things no?
This poor guy is dead from about 50 different infections now.
Actually it sounds like the cameltoe was unintended but the penis was fully intended.
I didn't know Colorado had exclusive ownership of 14er and even within Colorado difficulty and approach varies wildly.

Edit: Wow ok guess you guys showed me, 14ers only exist in Co and they're all easy walk ups.
What is "14er like"?
Thanks

So uh....it looks kinda familiar but can you tell me what the show is??
hahah the next video in the line up (for me at least) was "A Postmortem of Valerian - Why Did It Flop?"
There are a lot of innocent Palestinians being killed as well.  It's hard to say "who started it" but should that matter?  Israel is keeping this conflict going at least as much as the Palestinians are.  In fact they are more in power to stop the conflict than the Palestinians are I'd say.  They work to keep the Palestinians in a perpetual state of despair (controlling their economy and their access to outside goods and exports) and then turn around and make matters worse by stealing more land whenever they please.

The Palestinians by attacking aren't trying to affect a victory, I'd say they are just trying to make sure they are not forgotten.  If they did nothing they would be silently destroyed and disappear from the earth likely with few people noticing.

I'm not saying what they do by attacking is right or even justified, but its completely understandable.
I'd say we are definitely going to set a new record given the current forecast......I don't know how to do a crying emoji in Reddit :-(.
I hate boob plate a lot but I hate heels on adventurers even more.
God damn it, my name sucks!
I think it has something to do with not being able to do anything within the US.  That is Blackwater couldn't do police actions within US borders but overseas all bets are off....yay loopholes?!?
LOL!!!  Hey he's kinda cute in a buck tooth....animal kinda way.
"What? Why are you looking at me like that? And why do people keep asking me if I'm ok?"

"Good job human, thank you for this gift, now stand back while I destroy this thing"
Its also hard to convince people to take a first timer on such a trip.  They're likely to ask for a resume (how fit are you, what equipment do you have, what relevant experience do you ask, how long are you in the area to acclimate, etc).

I'm likely to head out a bunch over the next few months but if some person I don't know approaches me asking to tag on they had better have a decent resume.  Personally I feel safer solo than with someone who could be a liability.

In the summer the bar is lowered a bit...not fully unless I'm doing someone like Bierstadt....I'm not sure I'd ever do something like Bierstadt...at least not standard route, but if I was I'd be willing to take a fresh newbie if I thought they at least had the fitness for it.

Is there somewhere online you could point me to, to see these?  Not even sure what search term to start with here.
"fucking 675 lbs"  I don't know what I expected....but that's what I expected....
I am pretty sure that his work attire is not OSHA approved
Always, I mean if the only important thing in your life is pleasing your sky buddy and he says there's demons then thats all you need to know right?
That's to part that always confuses me about so many of these videos, people seem to just run for it in other countries....maybe here too???   Maybe I'm just one of the few sane people who think "yeah I don't think I should run in front of that truck"
Looking for a career change?
I'm still not convinced that at least a majority of flatearthers aren't just trolls.....I mean it doesn't take a lot of thought to figure out how their "proofs" don't hold up.  Maybe its more just a hope that they're trolls.
Oh dear me we need more witch doctors to get the evil spirits out!
It makes me sad honestly, most people are so fucking boring they can't even be bothered to watch someone doing something interesting, much less thinking "hey I should try that".
ah yeah good catch, not paying close attention for my joke posting.
edit: hahah not sure how I find this post from 4 months ago....anyway my suggestions stand for the current time


So you mention this summer, so that means way off into the future, so obviously most suggestions here so far are not applicable to the current seasons....unless you're looking to do class 3 with a mix of snow.  I've done Kelso, Sawtooth, East Ridge Bierstadt, and a ton of other 13er class 3/4s that I could suggest (South/North Arapaho peaks, The Citadel in Herman Gulch, etc etc) but probably not for right now.

If you're looking for something sooner than next summer and less snowy (unless there's recent snows) I'd suggest the below.  Obviously not all (or most even) are in the 7-10 mile range but you can make them a part of a longer hike as desired:

- North Table mountain has a neat little (very short but fun) scramble around the bowl that is at the top of the west side trail.  Also if you go up the climbers access on the south side there's some stuff around there to scramble on next to the climbs

- South table mountain likewise has some little scrambles around the rim.

- Bear Peak has a little scrambly stuff at the top, you can make it more interesting and practice

- Mount Morrison has some scramble available at the top as well

- Mallory Cave has a decent little scramble up to the cave

- First flatiron hike if you continue on past the top of the second there's some slabby scrambles you can do on a small flat iron back a little south of the 1st flatiron.

- Golden Gate Canyon state park there's several options, Black Bear Trail has some trail adjacent alternatives that you can scramble up and there's some small rock points near the top that you can go over to and scramble to the top.  As well you can go to the top of Tremont Mtn or Thorodin which are a bit more adventurous as they're off trail.

- Finally if you're very comfortable with some adventurous off trail stuff check out Crescent Mountain (http://www.summitpost.org/crescent-mountain-jefferson-county-colorado/319244).



I think some where below 10 should be the voice level in the average television show and somewhere around Pneumatic Riveter should be the level on the commercials for that same show with the same volume setting.
Yeah there was a bit of an ice climb up to Lake of Glass and some deep hardly touched snow above there with some rock/snow scrambles.
This view at Lake of Glass just before Skypond:

https://i.imgur.com/cdD2wVG.mp4

Thats snow being blown by the 50+ mph winds.
When I see stuff like this its like a splash in the face.  I suddenly wake up to the realization that I live in a completely different world than many (most? Since most still believe in god and all that) other people.
What you're missing out on:

https://i.imgur.com/cdD2wVG.mp4

(50+mph winds, highs in the teens at Lake of Glass to Skypond)
I loved it too!  Standing around watching the snow blowing off the various cliffs and such was awesome.  Glad I had the gear to stand there in the temps in the teens and the 50+ mph winds.  Though taking the video was hard since I had to take my gloves off to start it.
*drops her corpse in the snow*

Grandmas with the angels now
But does world power == good times?  If your only definition of good times is creating a powerful army.  Did it create a sustainable economy that provided its people the ability to improve their lives and live happily?  I'd argue no, even if you disregard WWII the average german was not going in a good direction ultimately (note the other posts about forced labor, economic tricks to make things look better, etc).
It looks terrible on him too...just some idiots are into that thing.
Ugh don't get me started on the fucking school politics going on in CO (I live in JeffCo). Seriously wtf people?
Yeah seems likely they are just talking about the city lines and not the metro areas.
I guess I live in my little bubble (probably for the better).  I was almost completely unaware of that sub (I think I had seen the word somewhere before).  Had to look at inceltears to find out what a pile of crap it was.
Yeah I bought GoT, Borderlands and Batman and enjoyed them generally but haven't finished GoT or Batman because the formula got so stale.
I loved their games initially but they really haven't added anything to them in a long while from what I've seen.  I love story/adventure/choice games but Telltale is a little too constrained to me.
Another atheist commenter here :-)

I think its also about a world view.  Most people who believe in any religion have been apart of this religion almost since birth.  The structure of their world is built around the ideas/stories/structure. So letting go of that is no small thing.  Your world view is built on a structure and its often not easy to simply change a core part of that structure.

Of course there's always also the additional fear of "what if I'm wrong"....
Stopped
"This is my life now.....just floating in this water....peeing"
There were a number of mistakes (like the knotted sling...I mean if you're going to make literally one move off the ground and make a placement...plan ahead and open the sling and throw it over your shoulder....you should be planning ahead in general particularly on trad).  

Personally though I think the worst one was the simple foot placement that caused him to flip and nearly bash his head, since foot placement should be one of your basic leading skills I'm giving this my worst mistake award.  Just as he moves above his second piece you see him go from having the rope between him and the wall (on his left side) to stepping over the rope and putting it between his legs.  This is putting his foot above the rope and its why when he falls his leg hooks the rope and flips him onto his head.
wow Whitney is that snow free still?
That's funny for the first few second I could almost hear the squealing sound from the show.
Yeah that's sort of what I thought, but disappointing.
underwear in my throat if I was on that plane.
yeah I wanna see how that crack was achieved in the first place.
I had a friend who was sort of similar.  I really liked my friend and tried to start a relationship but they refused.  When I started dating they immediately became chilly and hated my relationship....this actually happened more than once and in between my relationships still refused an actual relationship between us.  We've since moved apart and I am still somewhat confused about how this dynamic occurred.


It may not be that this friend of your BF wants to be with him but she does seem like she wants to be his main friend/confidant and you are a threat to that at the least.  So there may be nothing you can do until either your BF and her sort things out OR she gets her own significant other and can move on with her emotional dependencies.
Yup, there's no one out there buying unsafe things that are cheaper and no company every puts profit ahead of safety.
I know where hours of my day would disappear to if I had one of those.

It's all those "wasteful" government regulations......
Rocky Mountain National Park is talking 350% increase.

Personally as a local (to RMNP) I'm happy that the annual pass is remaining unchanged and so it won't affect me much.  It sounds like there's big issues with budgets (cuts) and maintenance costs (increase in park visits == more costs for the park).  So its pretty understand how we have ended up here.  If this is what it costs to fund our parks when we are unwilling to pay for them from our fed budget then this is what we get.

I can understand the upset that this causes people who say these are our parks and I can agree with the sentiment, but that means we need to commit to funding them the way they used to be funded.
Reminds me of Conan teaching sword play:

https://youtu.be/HUNmWa_rJtg?t=5m28s

Well now I'm ready to start Dark Souls back up and finish it this time!
Nice report and blog.  Once you finish the Cali 14ers you should come to Colorado and work on the 53 here.
That bridge looks like a shitty copy of this bridge:

http://cdn.cnn.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/130524114442-11-bridges-horizontal-large-gallery.jpg
Some of those are also pretty wet

Downvoted for pointing out that the two biggest black spots are lakes?
Movies, songs......
I'm a rock climber (trad), wilderness first aid certified and go mountaineering a lot carrying full first aid/rescue gear most of the time...so I have an almost expectation that someday I will be able to help someone.  I've already done a lot of rescues in the whitewater kayaking context (another sport I'm into).


Not a professional in that though....so profession wise.....I guess someday someone's program might be crashing and they happen to have the source code and and IDE on their system so I can debug and fix it??
"I've got a plan boss....kill them"
I always assumed it was some sort of overloading of energy that eventually caused the target to disappear, didn't switch mode.  It was weird though, cause if it worked on an entire human why not...a door?  A pillar holding up the ceiling?  Etc.  Also made hiding bodies a little easy.
That hose is rated to 500 lbs...and the other guy is holding onto the shingles.  Though they should be wearing their highvis, then they would be completely safe.
Meanwhile I can't get my kid to wear a hat
1) He said taxes not corporate taxes.  So to the average person out there hearing and believing him they think THEY are the highest taxed in the world which they very very much are not.

2) In that very article you linked it goes on to say our effective tax rate is not the highest and further there are individual companies that pay far less.
Is there a way to see a non-minified version of the code?

Of the groups that made it there (there was plenty of ice and deeper snow before that) all that we saw turned around except one group that was going up when we came down.

https://i.imgur.com/OX8dwFp.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/owayk45.jpg

Some of that rock that looks clear is actually covered in clear ice.
Come prepared for ice and snow.  Microspikes would in my opinion be a requirement.  The waterfall climb up to Lake of Glass was practically a full on ice climb.  Knee/Thigh deep snow in many sections from Lake of Glass up to Sky pond.
Current forecast is for some decently high winds with snow the next day:

https://www.mountain-forecast.com/peaks/Pikes-Peak/forecasts/4300

Obviously its a bit early to plan much by forecast, but I'd keep watch and prepare to bail if its looks bad for you.  If you are equipped for the conditions (traction, clothes, etc) and prepared for issues (equipment for overnighting if something goes wrong....though if there's really a chance for 20+ inches the next day take that into account) then it could be ok, but risky particularly alone.
Teen boy sized more like.
Yup!
Yeah I love hiking in the snow.  Though after we got higher up the mountain (above 11k feet or so) the winds really stared whipping and the temps dropped to the single digits (even without windchill) and turned into a total white out.  Fun times!  Had to use a compass to find our way back down.
Yeah I'd settle for them coming up with some amazing new technology that would allow them to have batteries be replaceable and maybe also a bit more capacity/bigger so my phone can do more than just barely make it through the day.
Was really hoping the video would have been edited so that the phaser looked like a Note 7....so very disappointed.
So much!
Like Wolf Blitzer...I feel like I got ripped off in the name dept.

You may already know but you might want to check out /r/GirlGamers
Had to google search to verify that was an actual persons name.
Looks like standard route looking southeast from below Kelso.
In other words, we'd kick our asses!
Exactly, evolution was made up by muslim communist, atheists who wanted to destroy america.  God just made it look like there was evolution because he's lazy and was running out of ideas, except for platypuses...those are why he's anti-drugs.  
God made everything exactly as it is...here God decided to make wavy rock because he likes to make things different to confuse us and make us think it came from something else.
LIES!  There is no south pole, just the edge of the planet!  This picture is a photoshop, created by NASA, composed from images put out by the free masons and distributed by the illuminati through their black internet channels all to fool you idiots into believing the earth is round!
I've never known 'context' to be a politically charged word.  Thought that was standard wording for a picture/video.  Which is why they are often captioned.

I will admit I missed the "St Louis" part in the title.  I was wanting to know where/when this happened and if the news was covering it.
I also didn't ask for justification, I asked for context.  I wanted to know what was going on, why are so many people shocked that someone might want to know what happened?!??
Thank you that's what I wanted to know
That's a description not a context.  I was wanting to know why the cops and people were there in the first place.
Whats the context here?
Agreed
Well s/he said hardest mountains so I would assume higher than 3rd class but a list would be mandatory plus time of year.
Your rockies solos, are these winter solos or what?  Sounds like you have limited glacier experience and solo glacier travel is about as dangerous as it gets outside of 5th class solo perhaps.
The points aren't fake they're just worthless.
Yeah, I don't know what it is that makes kids like this.  We take our kids to the mountains and go climbing and I'm thinking "Wow what an amazing experience!!!  I wish I had this as a kid".  My kids are like "ok we finished climbing now can we go watch TV?
Its sad how kids just somehow don't "get it".  Showing amazing things to my kids and they are just like...ok that's just another thing blah.
"In the victim's cell phone, several WhatsApp messages were found. Among the contents, messages with which Joao Felipe related and others on account of debts."


http://www.diariomanauara.com.br/site/maquiador-e-executado-tiros-em-salao-de-beleza-camera-de-seguranca-flagra-execucao/
Having a pack a day smoking habit at 2 tends to stunt growth.
Depends, can they save scum like the little bitch I am?

"Hulk need extra cash to pay for pants"
Damage?  That building didn't even appear to get scratched.
Can anyone find any images or videos proclaiming to show protesters and counter protesters getting off the same bus?  I have been searching and the only thing I can find is one guy claiming he saw it happen.

That in itself wouldn't be damning because....people take buses....but at least it might be interesting to compare what these people are saying to some sort of reality (assuming they even live in the same reality as the rest of us).
Well its doable but:

1) rope drag traversing over the (relatively) low angle sides causing rock fall

2) taking substantially longer (due to simply being slow setting up anchors and finding reasonable placements, etc) and that itself is dangerous when above the treeline (particularly on an exposed ridge), as storms dictate that typically the goal is to get up and down asap

3) extra gear and weight (certainly that is something you can manage though in most cases but it does increase your difficulty).

4) Managing ropes with other groups moving through (in both directions)


And this doesn't really mitigate the biggest danger since it seems most accidents haven't happened on the knife edge but on the peak itself due to the loose rock covering the majority of the route there.
Awesome!  Like Merida all grown up :-)
Going through this right now with my 18 month old.  He will attach himself to me every chance he gets.  Difficult to do anything around the house (try chopping meat, cooking dinner, etc while carrying around a curious 25 lbs 18 month old), I have to sneak around my own house if I'm not wanting to carry him.

3 year old did something similar (perhaps not quite this bad) so I'm assuming he'll grow out of it (please let it be soon, its sweet but ugh my back).
Many times they can piece things together.  That research is just never done before the news puts out a short article about the deaths and then moves on never following up.
Understanding how accidents happen is how you learn to avoid them without having to have such an accident yourself.  There's a book put out each year (Accidents in North American Climbing) that describe (in has much detail as possible) as many accidents as they can.
Almost no one uses ropes on Capitol.  The rock is loose and dragging ropes across can cause rock fall.  Placements would be questionable in most places as well given the rotten rock.  Its not that hard a climb, obviously people die but more often from rockfall than falling off the mountain.
Not a lot to go on there but if Denver counts as a major metro area then my vote might be (2 and half to 3 hours drive....15 mile RT hike):

https://www.google.com/maps/@40.079422,-105.6595579,3a,75y,195.17h,99.38t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1sAF1QipNkyHnX2pKQNtpe54Mfp_tDUQbf7lhoUHHEmP-w!2e10!3e11!6shttps:%2F%2Flh5.googleusercontent.com%2Fp%2FAF1QipNkyHnX2pKQNtpe54Mfp_tDUQbf7lhoUHHEmP-w%3Dw203-h100-k-no-pi-2.9999962-ya347.5-ro-0-fo100!7i8704!8i4352!5m1!1e4

Of course you could pick a 1000 more similar places along the rockies.
"There were no survivors"
The files can probably still be restored from the file system.  Unless the discard does some sort of write clearing.  With thousands of files its probably painful but usually even avoiding the trash been the only thing the file system does is mark the file as deleted and make it not show up in searches.
Fair enough!
Personally I hate the breaking boards/bricks thing regardless of the sex of the person doing it.  When I was trying to find a martial arts class to join if they were breaking boards I just left.  I mean if that's something you find fun or neat go ahead but don't expect me to be impressed.
hey maybe you can become a ghoul and live forever as a horrible abomination!
Well how the fuck am I supposed to keep my hair shiny and manageable during the fallout?!?  What if I want to try and convince one of the settlers to be my companion and carry all my stuff for me?  Charisma doesn't grow on trees you know!!!
Let me know if you want to start a campaign fund!
> This Mighty Scourge

Great thank you, added to my buy list.
*When asked why he did not immediately condemn white nationalists, Mr Trump replied, “I didn’t wait long. I want to make sure, unlike most politicians, that what I said was correct and not make a quick statement.”*


This may be the biggest lie he's ever told....I can't imagine something more far from the truth.
I would LOVE LOVE to have sort info for some of that.  Anything you can suggest?
Got any more info?  I'd be interested to see this video.
Morning showers there probably also really wake you up
Seems to be going from north to south and the only thing right between Paiute and Pawnee is Mt Toll.
Exactly, IT is a segment that is well paid, growing quickly and likely to continue to grow in the future.  As such its a desirable field to enter and being disadvantaged is a problem. If people are sourcing that disadvantage as being from mental sources then its a problem for anyone trying to enter that field.
Isn't that exactly what the article says?  Are you just making a summary?
Good idea, I am going to need to get bunch of dogs.
Define hot....also....define dog cause I just kinda want to bust a few of my neighbors windows...
https://www.google.com/search?biw=1270&bih=930&tbm=isch&sa=1&q=rap+ring+worn+from+top+roping&oq=rap+ring+worn+from+top+roping

This is what happens when people top rope on anchors.  Rap rings, chains, carabiners whatever is up there shouldn't be used for top ropes.  Just clip into it with your own gear.
That video....omg....he is just such a terrible speaker...I can't even get past it to worry about the crap he's saying.....
That trucks just excited to be out for a walk.
We went through a similar situation it took months for us and ultimately failed to find someone who would stick around for more than a few weeks here and there. You're probably already doing what we did but we setup a page for our nanny on care.com, used nextdoor, and reached out through every person we could find. 

Good luck I know how painful this can be.
Been there done that :-)
It's there in the middle going "Guy guys come on lets talk about this!"
Is that bad for the fish?  IE they have a slime coat or whatever that protects them from infection does that rub it off?
.....It's a problem.....I also have 4 backpacks.....
He also looks a little funny squinting in that relatively soft light.
It's more about precedent.  If someone can do this here, then what about else where?  If someone can discriminate on religion in this way then how about next time when its the nicest neighborhood in the area or has the best schools or whatever.
I know Moo Fu mother fucker!
I have 10 different boots/shoes (mostly either approach shoes, or boots) that I have been using for different purposes....and also because I tend to buy clearance or on impulse and take too long to decide if I like them and can't return them when I don't :-)  I'm also kinda dumb when it comes to self control when seeing something I think I like. For me I have wider flatter feet so some of the narrow boots/shoes tend to give me blisters.  I also tend to like scrambles so I like shoes that have more technical features/grip. 


So I'm going to vote for one that may be surprising, I'm going to vote for a mountaineering boot.  The Salewa Crow is my current favorite (non-winter) boot. For me its stiff enough to help with walking on rocks, edging when I need to scramble and relatedly alleviating fatigue while doing those things.  It's also not so stiff that walking on regular ground is painful the way my other (two) mountaineering boots tend to be.  Obviously they take crampons (though not automatic ones sadly) and allow you to kick steps in the snow, but they're not so warm that they set my feet on fire in the summer.  They have also never given me a single blister (hiked up to 12 miles on a single hike with them) which I think only one other pair of boots I have can that be said (Solomon 4Ds), while still being light, and technically capable.

Other peoples mileage (heh) may vary but right now I've been switching in and out other boots and keep going back to the Crows as my favorite.
How is this a massive scandal?  That report just says he was arrested for bank fraud.  The fact that he worked for Wasserman automatically means its some sort of Dem scandal?  The article doesn't say he was doing bank fraud at Wasserman's request or anything.


About half of that article was about how the "main stream media" wasn't reporting on what sounds like a pretty uninteresting story.
What could go wrong? Nothing that's what, cause that was the early 1900s and no one cared about poor kids.
Google says 8,087 feet
My spouse too!!!!!!  Though....we talk about this issue...
Its just amazing how low friction they are, people can glide for like two feet before the stop moving forward if they aren't constantly swimming.
This is just the next stage of challenge after permadeath.
I still just don't care, he's already president.  Polls might be interesting in a few years, right now its more interesting to understand what he's doing and how it affects us.  If people know more factual information about what is going on they can then decide if they support him (maybe change a few minds...who are actually listening) and make a difference.  Hearing some people don't support him doesn't really matter.
God do I not give a fuck!  Everyday there's some new poll or something saying that Trumps approval is down or Trump wouldn't win now or something.  I can only guess its intended to make people feel better or something?  I relied on the polls before the election for that and they didn't exactly pan out.  Lets stop spending so much fucking time worrying over who supports who today or what the latest drama is and instead talk about policies and effects.  Substance!!!!
Generally just more battery!!!!  I am sick of manufacturers trying to make JUST enough battery for the phone to barely make it through the day on "average" usage. 
hhmmmmm I'm not an expert here but I believe that math works out.
Hello, do you have a minute to talk about our Lord and Savior Rudolph?
I don't think anyone can like Trump any less than me but I have to agree that this is overly dramatized.  I'm sure beforehand they brought in the photographers and said that he'd not be taking questions and then started the photo shoot.

The fact that he's not giving press conferences is a problem but I don't think anything in that shoot/his response is worth talking about.
Being proud of anything you didn't have anything to do with is just very strange to me.  Sounds like taking credit for other people's work (at best).
Yeah no information beyond someone saw some dead fish...Thanks, crack reporting there.
I was trying to figure out if this was an Onion article.
Premiums are going to be down 60%??  Holy shit how did everyone (including the right wing media and the CBO) miss this???
Don't believe this "sane" explanation bullshit, those are chemical containers for the mind control agents that they spray those Denver people with to keep them servile!
80 years old, wiping her butt.... "more glitter?!?!"
They still use steam trains in China????  WTF?
Chooo chooo mother fucker!
I'm not a medical professional but it appears you might be allergic to poison ivy.
Looks like the picture was taken from above the treeline so probably closer to 11 times that.
What am I missing?  Same guy, same story, seems ok to me.
Quite steep (sorry I couldn't resist)

http://i.imgur.com/ddmcdZj.jpg
Wheezing on the side of the trail barely a quarter mile from the start. (Mountains of Colorado)
Which is a strange insult...."What you're young and doing well for yourself/working hard and getting ahead?  Fuck you!" (I don't think that can be said without applying some redneck accent)
In case you ever doubted that people make irrational subconscious decisions.
Right off the first comment thread takes a dark dark turn ugh.
Yeah I've stopped asking hard questions and just started asking basic questions because half the people fail even those.
Well....that might depend on what kind of position we're talking about (source: have interviewed for technical positions)
Honestly based on his previous interview and such I'd say he was probably depressed and having mental issues.  If anything he probably wanted to repeat the first rescue because it made him feel good to have people come for him.  Either that or he was just suicidal. 
OK so finally found a video with the related conversation.  This sounded crazy even for infowars (which says a lot really) and basically it seems like some crazy ass guest said it not.....crazy ass Jones.  He didn't really deny it but sorta hedged over to some other...crazy ass conspiracy theory shit (started talking about how he is in contact with "high level NASA engineers" and rambled incoherently about probes and wreckage).



So Jones didn't say it and didn't exactly back it up just put out some mouth diarrhea about NASA covering up something on Mars.
Good point
4th of July
Not muddy really since there's not much mud around in the mountains (more like gravel) but there are several stream crossings.  We did north and south Arapaho peaks so not much time spent down low. Waterproof shoes would be a good idea (that's what I had on), streams can generally be rock hopped over but there's many places with standing water and such, also some snow around as well.
Yeah barely any there, had to look for a while to find any at all!
Damn they cram into those old cars, looks like 12-14 people per car.
Somehow the foodbag as a pillow thing is hilarious to me.
Interesting, I have La Sportiva Spectres (original version).  I've really not given them that much of a chance but so far not impressed for walkability.
What AT boots do you have?  My AT boots are just barely walkable, make my mountaineering boots feel like slippers.  I can't imagine doing more a little bit of hiking not on snow in them.
I was kinda hoping the last guy would just do it entirely by himself just to make the others feel bad.

"near"
W...T....F?  I'm trying to imagine the design room on this... "We're out of ideas but we don't want to get fired.....make anything!!!"
Wow yeah we need to have a whole new Stargate series based on various alternate realities (like one per season or something)!  Ugh I miss good shows like SG-1.
Wow I didn't know I hated Gwyneth Paltrow.
Sounds like you might be interested in the [Manitou incline](http://www.visitcos.com/things-to-do/outdoors/manitou-incline-near-colorado-springs-colorado/)!

Koko: 1.8 miles ~1000 feet elevation gain (sources seem to conflict on this it seems)
Manitou: .88 miles 2000 feet elevation gain
"here dad let me just toss this onto your crotch"
"Everything looks like climbing if you tilt the photo enough" which I took to mean someone accusing me of doing it on purpose.  Sorry annoyed me because it was one of my favorite photos.
hhmmmm well there's tons of options for amazingly beautiful hikes.  The main thing I'd say is get there EARLY.  We had to get there really early so that the snow would still be firm enough for the climb.  Arrived around 4:30 am and got one of the first parking spaces.  By the time we were driving out there was a quarter mile long line waiting at the entrance and the Bear lake TH parking as closed (shuttle required). This was on a sunday so weekday may be a little better, but I've tried to get to the bear lake TH in the past and have always seen it closed by the time we arrive (during the day so say after 9am).

As far as where to actually go, some options depend on you (fittness, acclimation, etc), but generally I think the classic one to pick would be Skypond.  Emerald lake is also beautiful, so is Odessa lake.  Generally though pick a trail, you can't go too wrong.  If things fill up and you can't (or don't want to) enter the park then check out Lumpy ridge.  It's right above the town of Estes park and gives both great views and great scenery of its own.
[Yup](https://www.google.com/maps/@40.3078706,-105.6623923,15z/data=!5m1!1e4)
If you can accuse me of anything (and I'm not sure why you are) its of holding the phone over my shoulder looking backward and down so maybe its not a perfect shot.  Next time I'll bring a plumb bob and make sure to level my phone before taking a photo. (wow and getting downvoted, jeez guys didn't know there was a picture police on this sub)
"Chase you got me?" (cause I otherwise assume you're just sitting down there not paying any fucking attention you shitty belayer you)
hhmmmm not really, it's a couloir on the south side of Emerald lake going up Hallett peak's ridge line. You can actually kinda see it on the topo (like google map) just look for the southwesterly V coming up from Emerald lake.
No tilt :-p though the perspective is weird looking down and over.  Note the trees or check out the album.
Depends, we down climbed the couloir.  It was too step/icy for me to glissade, as we got down to the bottom and it flattened a little we glissaded a bit (like the last 100 yards or so).  You could rappel down the near by rock face (brought my 70m half rope in case of the need of an emergency backoff), or hike down off the ridge (though it's 4th class most of the way).
More pics from our trip:
http://imgur.com/a/9osN6
More pics from our "hike" (we might have missed a switch back somewhere along the way)

http://imgur.com/a/9osN6
I'm silly I don't actually care much about the in game stuff.  I want a little plastic figure :-)
Which point?  For 1 I think that's pretty true everywhere I know of, drivers licenses are required to drive and getting one requires the passing of a test.  For two, I think it would go without saying that travel is required for economic output reasons alone much less life style.  So I assume point three?



Gun related deaths (2013):
10.64 deaths for every 100,000 [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_violence_in_the_United_States#Accidental_and_negligent_injuries)



Car related deaths (2013):
10.345 deaths for every 100,000 [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_motor_vehicle_deaths_in_U.S._by_year)

You might say oh look per 100,000 people they're almost the same but that's by population, not by user.  Approximately 20% of the US population owns a gun while over 90% of the us population owns a car.  Likewise most of those populations use a car every day for periods of time during that day while how many of those 20% of the population that own a gun use their guns for periods of time every day?  (I have don't stats for that)



1) We train, test and license drivers, fail?  No (legal) driving.

2) Vehicle use is a economic corner stone in our country, taking that away would be devastating. Taking away gun use would....affect one industry and force users to find a new hobby.

3) Per user/mile rates of accidents versus per user/shot rates of accidents are wildly different scales.
So I have to ask again, are they EVER going to make more Amiibos from the series released in March (specifically Princess Zelda's)???  I'm not quite willing to pay $40+ for a $16 figure.
Good
There's pretty much a table mountain in every state/country with mountains.  Wish people would be more specific.
I'm still just amazed that people say they speak to god (in a two way conversation no less) and 70+% of the population is just...ok with that.
Thought bubble:  "This is a joke, oh its not, no its gotta be, ok maybe not"
Sitting here trying to figure out if this is real or not....
Amazing athletes right here....
Well shit I guess trickle down does work you just have to wait around for people to die.
Looks like another vapid shooter with pretty eye candy and lots of cosmetic addon in the "market".
For me, I thought this WAS the Destiny sequel or whatever.  It seems so much like it.  Looks "cool" but don't think I have any interest unless they show more and something new is added.  As others have said it looks like another vapid shooter with neato addons and things cosmetic things they can sell us. Prove me wrong but for now meh.
Those are Scarpa Mont Blanc Pro GTX Mountaineering Boots.  Those are built in gaiters, great for postholing in shorts :-)
Lots of deep snow from around 10,500 ft to the treeline, then some fairly steep snow at the summit of Peak 1.  The traverse you could mostly avoid the snow by hiking/scrambling right on top of the ridge.  I did some snow traverses for fun but quit after running into some bad snow on one.  I brought crampons and an ice axe, the crampons were mostly overkill, spikes would have been fine or none at all.  The axe came in handy a lot, trekking poles could suffice but I definitely liked the axe.
XP mentioned in game:  I think these are supposed to be the voices of the players talking to each other not the characters.
Nothing about Matthew's demeanor leads one to believe he does drugs..... 
The other weekend, met some people while descending a couloir (after ascending it).  We were chatting about the climb/conditions then we heard some thumping looked over watched a wet slide and some large rocks careen down the other side of the couloir.  Everyone paused for a minute to watch then just turned back and started chatting again, I had to suppress some laughter.
We moved here just two years ago, if you want to chat more I'm happy to take it to PM.
Needs more blades...
Near Golden.  For me it's the best possible area.  Close to several different ways of getting in to the mountains (not just up i-70) theres some decent stuff close enough for a quick trip, and still close enough to Denver/Boulder/downtown Golden to get to things.  Your mileage may vary.
hahah the most recent condition even includes a mention of camp sites!
Looks like broken sketchy crap!  Just like home (Colorado) and where I try climb every chance I get!
nonononononononononononono
Description made me throw up.
Yeah this was my coldest day so far (-37C, Colorado US):
http://i.imgur.com/IGRYJw5.jpg
I assume that is -10 celcius? That's fairly chilly :-p
I'm not expert on ships but I thought they weren't supposed to have big holes in the side?
TIL apparently it does snow sometime in Australia...I feel ignorant never thinking of that being possible.
I unfriended one of the worst offenders and got shit for it.  So decided that unfollow would at least allow them to see my posts and get people off my back.
I think it's more like, god made this world how could we possibly be so powerful as to screw it up, or god would stop it or something.  I dunno.  Its obviously all delusion anyway.
Looks like it could be really good but without a face I can't use this as a character portrait :-(
Lets not talk about fossils ;-)
Hhhhmmm perhaps so.  So here's one that started me on the selfish theory.  Ending of aid to developing countries, this is a popular one on the right as well.  USAID took major hits to everything except the AIDs programs and this was applauded on the right.  Its an entirely selfish move in my opinion.  Don't help those people they don't deserve it, but we can keep working on AIDs stuff mainly because its scary and could affect me if we don't control it.
Oh I agree and I've attempted to make similar arguments that fall on deaf ears.
Evidence contradicts this position on the climate issue (more people work in renewable energy than coal, by far, and its set to continue to grow).  Its just the willingness to ignore evidence and also the desire to keep things the way they were "my daddy was a coal miner" because it affects their world view. I'd still argue its coming from selfishness, American needs to be number one and nothing less will do (even if such changes shouldn't affect that).
Touche
But the worry that it's going to hurt business is selfish...its ultimately "do I think this will affect me? Otherwise fuck it".  "Will it affect someone else?" that question doesn't matter.  "Will making these changes ultimately do good even outside of climate change?" who cares.
I've actually attempted to use bible quotes and such to make points with them (hoping it would at least speak to their perspective) but because it's coming from me its just misunderstanding (they don't even seem to bother to evaluate it at all). They prefer to listen to some other person's interpretation of some other quote since it fits their world view.
Thank you, I've seen these articles posted all over but no one seems to bother to list all the fucking cities/states/etc.
Yeah I have semi-disowned most of my family.  Had to unfollow them all on facebook just to be able to prevent myself from screaming at them and preserve some appearance of connection.
My basic take (as someone who is not republican but whose family largely is) is that the republican base is so wrapped up in the ideology that they can't see clearly anymore.  Ultimately their worldview is incredibly selfish and they can't even see it that way.  "How could there be climate change, gods in charge", is one mantra I hear, anyone who believes in something outside of that is just the devil trying to deceive people.  Ultimately this view is selfish because it requires your personal belief to make it ok but to them it's just how things are and there's no evidence needed to prove it.
Fuck, pointing those things is such a pain in the ass.
Wages only make up a proportion (and in most cases a small proportion, around 5 to 30%) of the cost of a good or service.  If the average wage were to go up by say 50% that still only means a 2.5 to 15% increase in cost of an item as the counter.
That is amazing,thank you.
Wow she has a long history of issues:
http://montgomerycountypolicereporter.com/intoxicated-former-montgomery-county-woman-kills-father-3-colorado/

He just practices real rock climbing:
https://www.climbing.com/news/real-rock-climber/
Just prefer solo?

As for ideas, check out 14ers.com, they have a listing of most all popular routes on every 14er and a tool to allow you to select routes by class rating among other things.  Late June there will still be snow in in some places for sure but anything class 1/2 should be managable if you don't mind the possibility of postholing.  Maybe look for routes with southern approaches on popular peaks.

I have to wonder what damn thing the other guys did?
lol!
Are you talking this west ridge of Quandary:

https://www.14ers.com/photos/quandarypeak/lRQuan_318.jpg

Or do you mean East ridge?
That retraction video is fun to watch.  Of course comments disabled on it.....going to agree on the pussy thing.
hahah and an emergency spot beacon.
Everyone obsessed with "romance"/sex/whatever don't worry about what other people want, you be you.  Maybe you'll never be interested in it, and if so that's fine too.
Yeah hahah the Mile High city is the low point around here :-)
I'm in West Arvada/Golden at about 5,700 and its only been snowing here.
My daughter used to be super cuddly and now (starting around 3) that's died off a lot.  She still gives hugs but its on a very measured basis.
More like, missing neighbor PKing you while you have your house key, going into your house stealing everything you have and then removing your house.  Ahhh the good ol days.


"This particular individual is unscannable" -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WD8aZV-Y8bE
You're about to be taken out by the government....
Snik and Cupid are 13ers. Twin sisters I can recommend as well.
How about mountaineering on a near vertical slab 10 pitches high?

https://stuckintherockies.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/09/img_2251.jpg
So wait you read Accidents in North American Mountaineering and you aren't a mountaineer and consider it crazy?  Do you just read it like some scary stories for bedtime or something?
Why is it that everytime I do a big gear purchase everything goes on sale a few days later?!?  Now I have to decide if its worth returning gear just to buy again.
amazing camera work by this guy, gets in a car wreck and still keeps the subject in frame!  Video posters take note! 
This just makes me more sad to be human and more sure we will not be missed when we are extinct.
I've used mine in many vertical placements in fact it's (pink)  the piece of gear I've probably fallen on the most...usually if I'm a little worried I end up pulling out my pink tricam (assuming it will go)

https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/c2/c0/cf/c2c0cf6c77b035b968677f701c3756e3.jpg
love the pink tricam!!
meh 860 feet in the prominence, a measure that I still think is pretty much useless as they measure it.  The actual granite rise part is about 300 feet.
Yeah but it's rough...going out for a trail run and getting passed by some fuckin 70 year old lady.  Tourists make you feel better though...not used the to altitude wheezing on the side of the trail as you jog by.
I grew up in the South and now live in Colorado...I feel the same way going back home.  Holy shit everyone is fat and just horrible looking!!!
To me it's sort of like people having a revulsion to eating insects.   There are literally billions of people in the world who eat them regularly and indirectly we all do to some degree.  They're just like any other food source but people choose to view them as disgusting.  It doesn't mean there is something wrong with you if you view them that way but it doesn't make it nothing you can't change just because it's a feeling you have.  
Repulsion is something you do though.  It's not something you are, it still comes from your internal mindset.
What is "natural" in this world?  Do you wear non-cotton/wool clothing?  Do you drive a car?  Would you get a heart valve replacement if you had a heart defect?  How about if you had a mental illness would you take drugs that fix it? Why is "natural" important to you?

To me it sounds more like find the idea threatening to your sense of self. You find your relationship to women and masculinity important to your sense of self and to me that means your basing who you are on external forces.  To me that is the most important thing, figure out who you are and not base it on others or your relationship to others.
I guess it depends on your goals.  If the goal is going up to the top then Bear might be my first choice for that time of year.  You could also go to RMNP and choose some amazing hikes there but many of those will be snowy/icey still.  Golden Gate Canyon and Eldorado Canyon parks have some awesome trails but not much goes up to the "top" of anything.

You could also check out Staunton State Park, I've been wanting to go there it looks like its very pretty and has a lot of hikes to around 9k feet on smaller peaks with some pretty awesome views.

Mount Galbraith in Golden provides a decent smaller hike with good views (only around 1k elevation gain).  Something to consider if Bear peak is too much.
The mountains are still worth visiting and there are plenty of smaller peaks that are not snow covered that are beautiful and challenging.  Even Bear peak in boulder gets you around 3k feet of elevation gain to the top.

If you want to make a snow hike you just need equipment and some skills.  You can learn about snow skills in videos and such (that's what I did before taking some Colorado Mountain Club classes classes).  You could also sign up for a class which is a great way to get out there, CMS (Colorado Mountain School) CMC (though their schedule is limited and books up fast), and the Alpine Institute all have snow/ice classes that would also provide some great adventures as well.
I feel like I post this picture every week on one of the CO subs :-)  But here is a pic from a 13er (South Arapho peak) last year mid June:

http://i.imgur.com/fHLXuef.jpg

Note: snow all the way down to around 9k feet.  There will be some patches that will be free of snow but most of the higher mountains will still have snow/ice.  At the very least consider getting micro spikes, gaiters and perhaps snowshoes.  In the afternoon assume you'll be post poling a lot and it will be taxing to do that for any distance.
For those who don't want to watch the video or dig for the name its now:

Praey for the Gods
FREEDOM!
Yeah I mean no one...especially teenagers like to look at naked people.  If they like looking at naked people they obviously have major issues and should be in jail or treatment.
It can snow in the mountains in August.  Vail got a dump of 30+ inches in July a few years ago.  Average last snow of the year in Denver is April 28th with latest on record of June 12th. Earliest snow of the year was in September.

Where I live its mostly sunny dry....and windy.  Last year we got around 120 inches of snow for the season but most of it occurring in just a dozen or so snow days.
Actually he did say that Jackson "was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War".  It invokes the two as being contemporary.  Though I generally agree that it's pretty meh, he may have intended to say that he was angry about everything happening before the civil war that was leading to it..about which I know nothing so I can't say how valid that point would be.  For me the word salad he used in the whole interview (And every time he speaks) bothers me more.
He knows all the words....just has no idea how to arrange them.
This cartoon wouldn't be half bad if Link wasn't obnoxious to the point of me hating him.
Quandry is a popular winter 14er which should translate well for spring.  The biggest issue you'll run into is the possibility of soft snow.  Miles of post holing can be really painful (speaking from experience on that one).
I am who I am in part thanks to Quest for Glory!
96, felt great....Arizonans.....
"He thinks faster than he talks"
I have seen this excuse so many times...it's such delusion. This must also affect his ability to type! What does this mean anyway? If you think faster than you talk (which most people should be capable of doing...though perhaps among Trump voters it is less prevalent) shouldn't you be able to prepare your words and form a coherent sentence before it comes blurting out of your mouth???  This is purely lack a discipline thanks never having to answer to others. He grew up rich and wealthy and spent is whole like in ownership positions.  Who cares what comes out of your mouth when everyone just has to smile and say "okay boss".
"He thinks faster than he talks"

I have seen this excuse so many times...it's such delusion.  This must also affect his ability to type!  What does this mean anyway?  If you think faster than you talk (which most people should be capable of doing...though perhaps among Trump voters it is less prevalent) shouldn't you be able to prepare your words and form a coherent sentence before it comes blurting out of your mouth???
I had the same reaction "omg a fallout rpg...oh....oh well".
Grandpa sure loved his Chevy.
Yet somehow not the worst (I recognize that the entire measure is at least to some degree a modern invention)?  Amazing, what did the person with the worse job approval rating do in the first 100 days?  Bath in baby's blood and eat people's pets?
Her facial expression there is like some insane person.
The ones I see all appear to be people playing to songs not the actual versions from the game.
Why is it the only place I can find the freakin music for BoTW is on youtube??  I would like the full sound track and all download links I've found have been utter crap (or viruses....samething).  Is there a place I can get some mp3s of all music?

For me at least this is a hard question.  Others may have better answers for places to go but I will just warn that the higher mountains are still quite snow covered in June (particularly early June).  Here's a picture of South Arapahoe peak from mid June last year:

http://i.imgur.com/vYhVL4p.jpg

If you plan on going into the higher mountains then you should expect there to be a chance of cold and snow virtually at any time.  I've seen snow come down in August.  If you are looking for something more mellow maybe try Golden Gate Canyon state park.  They have some hike in primitive camping spots that you can reserve (though they get taken up quickly so you should look sooner than later).

Good luck!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xECUrlnXCqk
Have an upvote ;-)
hhmmmm "just google",  "pedo" how about lets keep whatever it is off my google history....
For the nuke argument I think most people are not realizing that a nuke in space is very different than a nuke in the atmosphere.  There's nothing to heat up or move so it just doesn't function the same way.  It would be a bunch of radiation similar to the radiation experienced normally in space travel (though more intense based on a square or so of the distance from the explosion).  So it would heat up the hull but not push it (unless right against the hull) the way an explosion in the atmosphere would. Consider a star is putting out the same exact kind of radiation the nuke would, yes its much further away but it's putting out trillions of times the amount the nuke does and its doing it constantly.  So the only question is do you think a reaper hull is designed to handle a bunch of radiation?

10/10 reaper.
"Is not terminator, next version is terminator this one more like prototype terminator...is totally different thing"
Thank you this is what I was going to say.  Why the hell would your (apparently unarmed) character run up and punch a very powerful undead....like he's not going to feel it and you're going to die.  Why as a player would you do that?  Just sounds like dickery and sounds like someone who would get pissy when the character was rightfully killed by the DM.

On the other hand let the player do it, maybe they want a new character.....still player sounds immature doing something so dumb.
There's snow from the trailhead right now, which means a long (teehee) day for sure (stomping through snow just takes that much more energy and the Keyhole route is already about 15 miles with over 5k feet of elevation gain). Without spikes, snowshoes, ice axe (and some understanding of how to use one for self arrest), etc I would call this attempt foolish.  I also assume you are coming from a lower elevation and will need to get used to altitude (keep in mind it can hit anyone and fitness is not a measure for that check out this article about a special forces team rescued from longs in June, note the snow conditions, last year http://www.denverpost.com/2016/06/03/search-crews-looking-for-10-overdue-military-personnel-on-longs-peak/ ).  Overall Longs has a less than 50% success rate for the people starting the attempt and that is for people who are mostly starting not in winter conditions.

It could be a fun adventure to start on the way and turn around at some point but it might be tempting to just keep going and then find yourself in a difficult situation.  Without equipment and experience its difficult to suggest any >11k foot peak in the area as all will be long approaches (summer trailheads closed) and snow covered (even below 11k).  If you are going to be in Estes and want to check out some cool stuff maybe try Lumpy Ridge, hike to balanced rock (about 8 miles round trip) http://www.americansouthwest.net/colorado/rocky-mountain/gem-lake-balanced-rock.html.  Or twin sisters if you want to summit something.  If you want to go further afield you could try some of the other peaks out there but all will be very snowy and without spikes/shoes you're going to be a liability for any group.


Politifact should just save themselves time and make a generic article that says "Trump said something" and rate it pants on fire.  Link all future headlines to the same article.
I'm curious how any of the Hilary things you say aren't true now (regardless of if they were actually true for Hilary).
That tilting room was so annoying this skip would totally be worth trying.
16m.....nothing but playing games and watching youtube....I think you left out one other activity....
Methane Princess.....that's an awesome name.
"Yeah dude I just saw some idiot slide down the steps.....wahhhh"
Yeah I generally don't like any of my cooking oils to have had a penis in them.
But education and healthcare bills are shot down not only by the conservative representatives but also by their constituents.

The things we spend on (military) are exactly the things they want.  So we pay the taxes that the conservative side supports, while they sit around complaining about taxes.....
Should recover in time.  Most of the time the environment is great.  This is by far the worst push we've had with only an hand full of similar smaller events in the past.  I get a lot of perks so worth it as long as we don't go through something like that any anytime soon.
I've  worked 60-70 hours weeks for months on end during crunches.  We just got finished with a push that lasted about half a year and everyone is super burned out now.  They paid us pretty nicely but I would have really liked to get some extra time off instead or in addition.  Right now just barely managing to go through the motions
Drop a rock on it....
The tag adventure has gotten watered down in recent years.  It used to be a very specific category and now it's nearly dead :-(  Makes me sad because its the gaming genre that I grew up on.

I still randomly start searching for games like Quest For Glory and King's Quest every so often, sometimes I find something, most times not.
Here's the thing I don't get about this whole "scandal" with Rice, so the worst case scenario here is that she unmasked these names in order to leak the names and get sort of political advantage.  But the worst case on the Trump team is that....they were working with the Russians (which no one even seems to be denying)?  I mean it seems to be on massively different scales here.  "Yeah I stole the candy but my sister is a tattle-tale!" 
Remarkably still there, in CO getting on anything taller than 11 or 12k feet usually involves an effort to not be blown off.
I don't have cds or dvds anymore but if I had one of these I'd be willing to buy them.
Is it possible to get mouselook working?
For me as a party to this issue is the sheer number of side quests.  It just waters down the story even more and makes it hard to feel invested in it at all.  Just wandering around killing things and finishing "quests" and then...oh yeah like there's this important thing I was supposed to be doing....what was that again?

Witcher is also worse than FO4 and a lot of the other games with this issue (Elder Scrolls, etc etc) in that Witcher often forces you to do side quests in order to level up enough to continue on the main quest.
It takes a good minute or two for the average person to lose consciousness from suffocation...so for that time there would be a lot of questions running through that poor persons head.

"A creature can benefit from this ceremony just once."

What are we catholic now??
Keep in mind pretty much everything you see there is above the treeline.

For spikes these are the ones I have. I have seen them recommended a lot and they have been fantastic for me. Easier to walk on ice with them than on the ground without.

Kahtoola MICROspikes Footwear Traction - Black Medium - 2015/16 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00RXXJ0V2/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_kL64ybA640QM5
I'd suggest going to 14ers.com and looking at trip reports from nearby peaks and see what people say about snow conditions as it nears your trip start date.  That will give you the best idea of what it will be like. 

Here's a picture from the Loveland pass area on June 19th last year.  You can see significantly less snow but still some around.  For something like this just bring spikes.  Not sure what the Indian peaks area looked like at that time so not a direct comparison.

http://imgur.com/qDXC8rP

Possibly dumb question...how is your master sword at 60?  Mine is 30 and that seems to be the normal?
I didn't have snowshoes at the time, but this trip convinced me to buy them (though not sure even shoes would have kept me from postholing)!  In the trees it was fine with just spikes but above the trees I postholed a lot (The snow was still waist deep or more in most places), particularly on the way back down.  On the steeper stuff it wasn't as bad (couldn't use shoes there anyway) by just kick stepping up (and using axes).  I glissaded back down some sections.

Had I not been going to the peaks and just going along the basins/passes I'd probably not have needed the axes.  The spikes would have been mandatory.  As for snowshoes...that's a debate, in the morning the snow was solid enough to walk on and only occasionally fall through but by afternoon I was just falling through on every step almost (at least till the treeline) and I'm not sure if even snowshoes would have kept that from happening.  Postholing is exhausting work, particularly when you're falling in up to your waist and still not touching the ground.
Here's some pics from a hike I did up South/North Arapahoe peak last June 10th.  Obviously conditions will be different based on year and route:


http://imgur.com/vYhVL4p

http://imgur.com/gnSrhLl

http://imgur.com/cVcXxL6

http://imgur.com/fHLXuef


I believe that sign actually said "don't follow so closely"
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/483/894/463.jpg
Different writing styles?  I mean Jesus' stories are obviously given literary embellishment.  Things are quoted from Jesus where there was no one else to hear them said.  So someone obviously made a story out of whatever events actually happened.  It sounds like (because I am sure not going to spend my time actually reading it) this was just written in a different way?
There are other solutions that are less costly.  Have they ever considered them? No.

Edit: since no one got this...its a joke.
Is that a mouse or a rat?
The list of amounts paid.  Other senators got a lot more.
Well aren't you just a fucking useful bot.
Yeah should of held out for that Missouri/South Dakota money.
Can you add a few more words to that explanation?
BTW if anyone gets into a debate on this and gets the "oh yeah will Obama probably did the samething you just never cared" here's an online searchable database of the log history from 2009 to 2016:
http://white-house-logs.insidegov.com/

Conditions always vary greatly by year and I personally have never done any of the Sangres 14ers but I can say that snow can occur year round but actual snow conditions are very likely in April.  I've needed snowshoes in June on some climbs and spikes in July for some snow/ice fields.  Again I have no direct experience for Mt Lindsey or near by peaks so I'd suggest checking out 14ers.com and watching condition reports that people post (for Lindsey or nearby peaks).  This year has been insanely warm down low but quite snowy in the mountains and you can see on the lindsey picture section there is often quite a lot of snow there even into June:

https://www.14ers.com/php14ers/uphotos.php?parmpeak=Mt.+Lindsey&pictype=1

In fact here is a pic from April (2005):
https://www.14ers.com/php14ers/uphoto.php?pic=702

I'm not sure government subsidies really fits with the small gov/free market bent of the conservative side of things.  Certainly not the tea party/libertarian groups.
You know if they did let you use Reddit all day everyday in jail then going to jail really wouldn't change my life all that much.
North...into Texas?!?!?  Illegal immigrants!!!!  We need to build the wall higher!
It's ALL apart of the plan!  I get it now...he's going to fill it so full it overflows, then the outflow will undermine the dam and cause it to break then the whole swamp will drain!  Genius really....so lets see the analogy to the dam break would in real life be....the complete collapse of our system...yup seems like things are right on track.
> it's just pages and pages of regular people telling him to go fuck himself

"Fake paid protesters!"

Seems like its just putting that in the story and allowing you to talk about it if you want.  Not badly done.
I think that is a great way to put it!
yay now I can begin making the hundreds of characters most of which I'll probably never play.  Somehow this is extremely exciting to me.
For me it just felt like a disjointed mess, there were just so many mini-quests, side-quests, random corners of maps, etc that I ended up just wandering around killing everything and not having any clue what I was doing or why.  A couple of locations in I felt like going up to my party members and asking "does anyone know why we're here?".  The main story was so weak and convoluted I lost it in the weeds.
But a small team of underfunded most amateurs compared to the people who built the hardware?  I'm just saying it seems like they could create something that would work on either system without needing to invest as much as they do to build the hardware in the first place.
"Inquisition which was actually quite good"


I know this isn't the point you were trying to make but for me Inquisition is the only DA/ME game I've bought thus far that I haven't even finished much less liked.  I'm sure many will disagree with me but god I hated so much about that game.
I know everyone will say "never going to happen" but I think two things:



1) It's the main reason I am not playing Zelda right now!

2) The emulators prove that it probably wouldn't cost them hardly anything to cross release.  Free money???
Ditto, the lack of snow (or even cold) during our normal snowiest month of the year has me really worried about drought and fire this year for sure.  Plus I happen to like winter!!!
I would argue that she doesn't state that women should be modest, covered and chaste.  She's arguing for equality, men can appear how they want without being demonized for it, same for women.  Yes women are highly sexualized but that doesn't mean that the answer is to cover up, if anything the sexualization of women is advocating for that covering up.
We have games now where you get to sit in traffic....life is weird
omg I had forgotten about that!  Thank you for reminding me.  Damn society for being so biased.
Agreed, I'm so sick of people thinking government employees are inept.  Government employees I know are largely hard working and dedicated.  I see people working nights and weekends trying to get things done and proud of the work they do.  It's a shame that they are political punching bags yet somehow if you're in the military suddenly you are a servant and to be honored.....
That was my guess, thanks!
Any ideas what the chemical make up of the black sludge would be?
For a game that is 99% online pvp play though it's important to maintain a large base or anyone who didn't buy in the first month will never buy it because there would be no reason as there'd be no one to play.
That was amazing!  Had to watch it twice.
I don't think its her responsibility to make sure every action she takes "forwards feminism".  Displaying herself how she wants doesn't detract from the things she's done or said and it doesn't necessarily add to it either.  She did whatever she wanted and that is fine by me.
Depends on what you consider near and tough. Are you purely gauging on length?

Could do the Chicago Creek trail to Evans:
https://www.14ers.com/route.php?route=evan1&peak=Mt.%20Evans

17 miles with 5600ft elevation gain, not 20 miles but you can always tack on Bierstadt via the sawtooth which should easily bump you over 20.

Guess it all depends on your goals.
Sitting here in Denver watching much of the southeast disappear:
Nothing lost.
And now that is in my Youtube history...I look forward to my future suggestions.
hhmmm a current rate something like radiation cloud rush?
Video link:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSLVhNl4YxY
Fair points, guess I'm not a very good group alert member.
I have lots of empathy, I have the best empathy!  Seriously though I am an empathic person so I discount that this is the reason.
Why is it that some people feel the need to scream during things like this?  I've been witness to a number of accidents (no gator attacks...) in my life and never screamed.  Is this just an instinct some people have?
Yup
Some brighter views of what they're fleeing from:

https://youtu.be/fA52L0eabNo?list=PLeod6x87Tu6eVFnSyEtQeOVbxvSWywPlx

Main spillway: 

http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/58a13d363149a101788b505e-2400/ap17043841291800.jpg
Its interesting that the mentality here is if you haven't blocked me then no matter what else you are saying its ok for me to continue.  Wow like if you haven't gotten a restraining order then you don't mind me stopping by!
If you think that is the issue, check out this video of the "emergency spillway" in use:

https://youtu.be/fA52L0eabNo?list=PLeod6x87Tu6eVFnSyEtQeOVbxvSWywPlx

Also check out this photo of more recent damage to the main spillway:
http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/58a13d363149a101788b505e-2400/ap17043841291800.jpg
Merica!  Fuck yeah!

I had never heard of that one:

http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-kansas-bomb-plot-targeting-somalis-20161014-story.html
Maybe I don't understand but it appears to be "written" by Andrew Bremberg who is Assistant to the President and the Director of the Domestic Policy Council.  Seems like exactly who would be writing such an order no?  I mean its obviously still draft and not signed but it seems like this is exactly how things work in any administration.  Obama, Trump who ever isn't going to sit around typing out their own stuff they tell someone who tells someone else who gets some staff to write it up then it goes up the chain till it gets signed off as ready to go back to the Pres to sign.
Maybe three people trying to give him speech instructions via ear piece?
Sadly I can't go this sunday but I've been trying to get out at least every other week or so.  If you end up looking for another outing or postpone let me know. 
You specs don't include a graphics card?
"Backlash", going to have to be pretty severe to be noticed over all the other backlash going on.  Frankly Trump/Republicans/etc won't give a shit either way, they got what they wanted and they have their crazed and afraid backers all nicely ignorant and inline behind them.
I was expecting him to at least climb closer because that initial look at the pool I thought there was no way.  Of course he got pretty close so way better than I would have thought...
So when do I get my stuff fed ex?!?!?
What is your goal with Rainier?  What I mean is could there be something else to satisfy this itch you have?  Maybe a 14er in Colorado or California?  Some have big approaches that require overnighting (or even taking a train) to get to. Is it glacier travel you want or mountain climbing?
Oh a side note, were there cannons firing at the end of Obama's (or even Bush's) inaugurations?  I don't remember them (and I was at one) but maybe I am just forgetting??
"whelp.....this is how the world ends I guess"
anyway?
Taking it home with him.  Texas doesn't get much snow.

anyone have an idea how much one of those tires would weigh?

Or different areas that are graded "hard" or "soft" by "tradition".  Walk up to some wall and think...I should be able to handle a 5.10 no problem and have to leave a bail biner halfway.......ugh.
I never said people who aren't used to driving in snow are idiots. I grew up on the east coast and never had problems driving in the snow there or here. 
As a Coloradoan when I make fun of people about "storms" like that they say "yeah well in Colorado they have equipment to deal with that".  The funny thing is till just a few days ago they had a rule in Denver that they didn't even send out residential snow plows till the forecast was for 12 inches or more (now its for 6 inches or more).  Here where I am (Denver suburb) we get at most one plow on the major streets well after the storm is over.  People just drive on it and....most....don't drive like idiots.
As the price is listed in pounds I'm guessing this ad isn't targeted in the US.
Looks to me like that grey cam (.4?) might have made it, yet he kept trying the red(1?) one?
What's an unmarked crosswalk?
I had almost the exact same response with my father when he died.  It was amazing to me that there were so many people there all for my father, everyone in my family were a part of the ceremony....except me.  They spent over an hour talking...about god and somehow barely even talked about my father at all, as with you just a few minutes out of an hour.  After the ceremony they opened the floor for people to say whatever they wanted and I was so mad at that point I was working up the nerve to stand up and say "Hey I'm the one family member who wasn't given a role in this ceremony and I'd like to take a moment to actually talk about Dad".  Someone else who he had worked with and who was crying profusely got up and spent a while talking about dad so I backed off my plan and just sat there disgusted.

>  I see trucks like this all over the place in Denver

This was my thought, glad I'm not the only one.  It seems like a lot of people with large trucks and *maybe* snow tires think that if its snowing they need to drive 5 mph faster than they'd normally drive just to show everyone how tough they are.
Do they also sell the 100,000 watt power supplies that are required to run those?
What was 4th of july road like?
"Doing gods work"
Trump voters, every one.
Silly Herman
Or drive 20 mph faster than the rest of the traffic.
So jealous would love to get on a long traverse scramble like this.
"fog"
More like flurries :-(
This is how my almost 1 year old walks around the house.
I was thinking it might be this:

https://youtu.be/h_vvI26NnwE?t=1m24s
hhmmmm not much, maybe new carpet for down stairs.  Wouldn't make any difference in my life.
Also that house on the left (in the top pic) has its own private dam.
Somebody should put a cone down.
Lived in Dupont circle (god parking was a nightmare, I had/have a truck and street parking was almost impossible but many garages didn't have clearance) for several years then moved out to Silver Spring.  I miss the food too :-(


I think this would make the sport a lot more watchable.
I went with the blinky case.
Yeah as a Washington DC escapee (whose metro area has about 3 times the Denver population and whose road design is god awful) I feel like Denver is such an easy place to get around and even park!
By this I assume AGnawedBone was talking about the electoral college in the US.  Which is a valid concern.
I think Figgler's statement was with regard to the US (for which the correct time appears to be 1910ish).
Crazy that it got that hot when the car wasn't even that close to the trees, and yet there's still leaves on some of the tree in the background.
Love the improvement in version two.  Thanks for posting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTN6Du3MCgI

For me it's more like hour making the face,  start the game, and say "wtf that's not what they looked like" 
Ingredients: Loneliness, Fear, Cranberries
He's screaming "TURN OFF THE WATER!!!"
Thank you!
Oh Drizzt!  That's a good idea.  Strong memorable characters and Cattie-Brie provides good female representation.  Concern might be that it might be a bit setting dense (what's a dark elf, what's the underdark, etc) but that might be a good thing!
Sword of Shannara: Interesting, never read that one.  I will admit I was sorta hoping for a good option with either a female lead or at least a female main character.  I should have added that to the post.  She obviously loves Hermione.

Comics: Not sure if she has ever tried comics, shes never mentioned it.  Interesting idea though!  I might try one and see what I think.
And that is how air planes dodge missiles.
ok...so why does Triss have her neckline down to her navel?
you couldn't talk at 5?
https://alpha1beta.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/independence-day-original.jpg
The problem is that the ceiling is moving but the floor is not.
And a shell made out of pure thermite? 
So you're saying there's no reason to ever give anyone a raise ever again?  TIL!
For most prices, even services, wage is only fairly small proportion of the cost.  There's a lot that goes into the cost of a product or service.  Profit, business operations (insurance, facilities, etc), cost of materials (where applicable), management wages (accounting, law services, etc etc.  which would probably not be affected by minimum wage laws), wages for those near the minimum wage, and everything else I forgot.

Here's one analysis (they came up with a 4.3% cost increase for fast food):

https://www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2015/Q3/study-raising-wages-to-15-an-hour-for-limited-service-restaurant-employees-would-raise-prices-4.3-percent.html

Like watching the election right now...
Lots of exempt people out there. I work in software development.  Putting in 60-70 hour weeks right now.  No extra pay or float hours to compensate.  Just the illusive promise that you'll get rewarded when we get the next contract extension.
Pink is a very expensive color.
Ok interesting perspectives.  I can see your points.  It does seem like there is a general leveling of abilities and roles to some degree.  It still seems like for instance Rogue gets more proficiencies (though they are just bonuses) and the fighter gets more toughness and a bump in damage output in straight combat (if built for that, or a bump is protection/defense,etc).  

I guess the intent is to have everyone have at least a chance to participate in most every event that comes up (combat, conversation, skill challenges, etc).  So that no one feels left out but I can see how that makes the classes less special too.  It's a difficult balance to maintain for sure.  

I started playing in AD&D 1st edition and I think played everything except 3e (skipped to 3.5 by the time we go around to buying new books).  I definitely remember being bored playing a fighter compared to a wizard "ok I'll use my special move hit with sword", or sitting around for 30 minutes staring at the ceiling while the rogue went off on a stealth/lockpick/etc adventure to scout ahead.

As much as people complain about the different editions though I have never thought "man it sucks playing this".
I am trying to remember what from 2e made classes different in non-combat.
I grew up in the south around lots and lots of guns.  It was a long time before I realized the ringing noise wasn't just normal.
It's always surprising to me when I route has that many visible features on it and the grade is so high.
You have to wonder what is going on under there that embarrasses him so much.
Looks more like a spanish karate priest.  Going town to town righting wrongs....with his feet.
Is he ok?
"Advanced physics engine"
Officially this is considered a gutter ball, you get one more throw.
You can afford a plane ticket but not a pair of pants?  Sorry to hear about your situation.
Surprised you didn't just buy something from an airport store?
> Unearthed Arcana

(Please note I'm not currently playing a ranger so I don't know it all by heard) Scanning through there I couldn't immediately see what was added (Other than the stalker conclave).  What are the high level additions here that fix whatever was wrong with rangers before?
I'd also like actual gameplay videos!!!!  I'm surprised how many titles (even good ones) have videos that don't actually show you anything about the game.  Worse than a movie preview.
I've seen this before and I was still a little in shock watching.  That was impressive.
This is actually how all Xcom soldiers fire their weapons, particularly when they see something scary.
....fucking the lions
Not sure how much this one counts (its a Dark Souls like 2d side scroller) but the tutorial boss is beatable (as in it one or two shots you but it can be beatable).

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18QyIiSDIeQ


Don't pull out in front of trucks (or anyone god damn it)
errr...I eat lunch on 16th couple times a week...what's on 16th I don't know about?? This is Denver its not Aleppo.  Unless you're talking about wandering around naked at 3 am I think you'll be fine.
This was fascinating, and I threw up.
What?  It's just a glow stick.
"This is how I relax, you know that"
I dunno, throwing bullets don't seem to be the most effect weapon I could grab in the moment but it is what it is.  I guess the 7.62 would be heavier...assuming I would have the same number of either.  But they're longer and might not be as easy to throw.
Street flavor
that teddy looks terrified.
I dunno, consider what occurred when the first "iron clad" ships met during the US Civil war, the two ships sat there pounding each other with cannon rounds repeatedly with dozens of direct hits and they came away with only dents.  I don't know the stats of the iron armor on those ships versus the steel hull of the ice breaker but I imagine the ice breaker could handle shots pretty successfully.  This thing isn't just designed to break ice, its designed to cruise around in ice filled waters, the kinds of things that took down the titanic among many other ships. 
What's worse is when someone bolts a crack like that then someone else decides they need to chop all the bolts because "purity"
Keep in mind that for most people unbiased means "news reported matching my personal bias"
Fair enough, there are many lessons, for different people to take away from the Vietnam war.
I'm not saying they're good, just that outside of killing a very large population of people (the terrorists, and all their family members and then the people who would be enraged by the killing of all those people and so on) you can't easily kill your way out of this situation.  You have to build connections to the people in the area, show them you're not the bad guy everyone says you are, and sometime even play politics.  This is the lesson of the Vietnam war that so few seem to have learned.  You can't "free everyone" while killing massive swathes of the population.
Could you make it go a little faster?  I couldn't quite get to full seizure.
Where in there did she knowingly arm anyone?  In fact the she's stating that we need to put pressure on them to stop.  We can't go in there burning every bridge we have, starting war with Qatar and Saudi Arabia (SA) is just going to make it even harder to do succeed at anything.

SA has been both a good and shitty ally but so are most out there, looking out for their own interests.  That doesn't mean you just break off with them, the first time something goes wrong.  ISIL is a threat for sure, but not as big one as the US/Media make them out to be, in many ways they're better than the terror groups they replaced because they're out there holding ground and raising flags giving us targets to bomb.  Also they're bringing more of the crazies out and sticking a uniform on them for a target.

I'm betting the US is playing the game here, as terrible as it is, letting things maintain a certain amount of stability among the chaos and it's not so simple as blowing up the bad guys.
You're describing practically all modern games.  The majority of people you kill are just empty husks who charge into battle to die by the thousands.

In general I have the biggest problem with most all games in that people don't react to your character in any realistic way.  Wearing massive power armor carrying a laser cannon and just mowed her way through 300 raiders?  Ok time to charge in with my golf club!  Or hero walking down the street covered in blood and some scripted npc starts off laughing at them...
Also check out the 14ers.com facebook group for lots of pictures.  Theres some snow out there but most don't have a ton on there yet, a good idea to bring some traction though.
Up vote for the hobbit feet.
I actually didn't see any facts, just supposition.  There are tons of over the counter PMS meds and lots of women pay for them.  I have no marketing data to say whether or not women are willing to pay what men are for ED stuff but it seems like there is some sort of market.
Several of them seem to jump in, wtf!  I think its like a bird myth, one of them said that was a gateway to the bread god and the rest all believe devout believers in the bread god.
"Hi there human, so uh listen....."
I think I'll go watch a disney movie now.
"We're going ballistic Mav"
"Opps, almost went into battle without my pants"

This would be fantastic if she had...pants..

Because in the US life after birth is not precious.
I ended up picking the iPhone twice, which I think is last place for me (might tie with Lumia not sure) since it didn't give me an actual count at the end.  I picked the S7 the most for sure though.

Not surprising for most of your comparison but the finger print reader I am a little surprised.  I have N5X, and it is perfect for me.  The phone is mostly in my pocket so slightly different but its fast and pretty much 100% accurate.  Usually unlocked before I can even see the screen.

It's funny how perspectives are, for me (again coming here from DC) traffic seems to move along really well most of the time. From all the way out here in Golden I can get downtown even during rush hour in a little over 30 minutes most days.  I lived closer to downtown DC, than I now do Denver and the thought of going downtown during rush hour was daunting most everyday.  Even on a Sunday morning the beltway would often be bumper to bumper.

So for me, Denver seems like it has fantastic levels of traffic.

Love knows no boundaries
I have lived in DC as well as in Denver (suburbs anyway).

It's surprising to me to say that Denver drivers seem to be more aggressive than DC drivers.  Sure there are some jerks lane switching and going 20 over is heavy traffic in DC but the rate of such people seem to be higher here and there are far more tailgaters/impatient drivers.  I think in DC the traffic is always so heavy that people are more used to it and realize that it just takes the time it takes to get somewhere so they just sit back and take the time to get there.  

Here, everyday I see people going 20+ over the speed limit weaving through traffic and trying to force people out of their way, usually in a big truck or jeep.  Don't dare go the speed limit or you're going to have people dug so far in your bumper you'll have to separate them when you get home.

Overall its not terrible, just a higher rate of assholes from what I can tell.  Most of the time the traffic moves along well and there aren't as many accidents from what I've seen (DC just has like 3 times the traffic volume it seems).  So for me its not that bad just disappointing to see the jerks.
Wait wait, lets make sure this one isn't better than the old one before we get upset
"If they follow standard imperial procedures they'll dump their garbage before they jump to light speed and we'll just float away"
It's more like a bunch of patches that alternately fix and break things until finally they release the major version that fixes most of the issues the system had but never actually delivers on the promised features.
ok I seriously almost lost my lunch....still working to keep it down.  Thank you for making me regret clicking without thinking today.
"Oh shit the cops!!!!  Move over lady I got two strikes and I'm high as fuck right now"
I would consider it pretty weird/uncomfortable if someone I'm dating is talking about other women.  At least in any sort of sexual way.  If he just has female friends that is no big deal and you should expect someone with female friends to talk about them. Its not quite clear from what you say as to what the actual context of this talk is.  If they are talking about other girls sexually then that's pretty disrespectful.

Simple fact is that they will find other girls attractive, just as you'll find other guys attractive, that is ok and normal.  There is no switch that turns off attraction entirely it's your brain that says that the person I'm actually with is more important than that attraction. 
I loved this show so much, rewatched an episode off youtube and was shocked at how cringey it is to me now.

That intro is still awesome though!
We kept having to clean out that pipe so we just removed it.  Problem fixed.
typo, and I know more or less what it is, more I just don't get how my brain immediately knows this thing "looks little"
I still can't get my head around why tilt shift makes it look like a small model to my eyes.
Exactly seeing that poor little girl made me cry I just wanted to run over to her and hug her.
Thats the dad's head rising out of the dog, all behold our new dogman overlord and tremble!
Those were 60 european standard drops, obviously it created one US standard drop.
Driving right past all the "stop", "road closed", "turn back while you still can" signs
http://i.imgur.com/MOdbG.gif
And now you have a job in local news......how far we've fallen.
That was the only part that surprised me in this.
Water has "low friction".
>The suit continually cites Bible passages and says Smith “believes that God is calling her to promote and celebrate His design for marriage…between one man and one woman only.”

*sigh*
"What?  You've never been flaming cactus eating drunk before?"
Grade based on # of lines of code?
Near the main trail going up Grays Peak in Colorado.
Made me think of a picture we took this summer in a bit of a different place (13k feet in Colorado):

http://i.imgur.com/Y5Ftytp.jpg
they can be brown:

http://woodstream.scene7.com/is/image/woodstream/ter-insects-wolf-spider-article-2
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/KdxDN4ozHJ0/maxresdefault.jpg
Place name?
Marine battle effectiveness diminishes significantly when broken in half, this is exactly how we lost the worm wars.
Knife ('s edge)?  That's not a knife('s edge)

http://www.mountainouswords.com/mountain-air/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/DSCN0267.jpg

http://westelkproject.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Screen-Shot-2013-08-11-at-2.02.06-PM.png

Now that's a knife('s edge).
Yeah I never understand those people who were like "omg I loved my baby the moment they dropped that slimy beast on my chest".  If that's how it works for them good for them but not me.  It took a while for me and frankly even longer for #2 (might also be due to him being a lot harder).  They're difficult and just create instant stress spikes the moment I hear a cry.  Then when they're crying all night even more fun...

Now though things are much better and my first is one of the closest people ever in my life.
Its not gay because the balls didn't touch.
Thank you telegraph for posting a whole album of pictures of pandas having sex.  Journalistic bar has obviously been raise.
People are sad, not many reactions beyond that.
For me (at 38) it increases it.  If I haven't had sex or masturbated for too long its like my body just forgets.
Why WHY doesn't windows have built in mp4 video wallpaper functionality :-(
Sir! I challenge you to fisticuffs!

uh you appear to be a robot with a giant right arm...
Oh my fuck...this is horrible...2 minutes in and there's more cringe in here than I can handle already.  Are they really this stupid?
....I suddenly am sad we didn't have stuff like this when I was a kid. I hope people use it.
>They don't fight all the time, they don't make out, they don't cheat on each other, all that.

What horrible teen relationships did you have?
First, a small increase can make a bigger difference than it might seem by numbers alone, here's a good demonstration:

https://youtu.be/81FHVrXgzuA


Next remember that our atmosphere is about 300 MILES deep (http://www.space.com/17683-earth-atmosphere.html).  Yes it gets thinner the higher you go but even at 30,000 feet (over 5 and a half miles) there's more than enough for a huge plane to easily and efficiently get lift.  So even if you are only slightly increasing the chance of a beam of light interacting with some CO2, over the course of the traverse through the atmosphere that still piles up to a lot of opportunities for interaction.

Finally as \u\ex_stripper said, theres a LOT of energy coming from the sun.  So if you increase the amount of energy absorbed by a tiny tiny percentage, it turns into a lot of energy relative to the norm.
Beautiful, thank you
yeah nice, not going to pay $35 to put a wallpaper on my desktop.

Got a wallpaper version (IE wider than high)?
Mines still 12 till I guess march next year :-(
Wow...I sometimes just buy new earphones if they're too tangled.
wish the image was about twice the size :-(
Well I mean yeah....of course you'd like poke it with a stick first (just in case).
I've:

1) Made up a new story because I didn't like the actual one

2) Shortened what the page says to move things along

3) skipped pages

4) quietly used distraction to drop the next book cause I don't like it

5) "lost" some books



It still cracks me up when my daughter catches me skipping a page and takes the book away from me so she can turn the pages and make sure we don't miss any.
The pink tricam is the bomb!  Probably my favorite piece.  Cleaning isn't that hard, though sometimes it can take a little more than some other gear.
Which would improve throughput for sure though I wonder if it would be more than say 50% more?  Even if it was double, how long will it be before every single car owner in the US has gotten rid of their car and had it replaced with either their own self drive or a self drive service.  Nevermind the "you can take my car from my cold dead hands" types.
Walkable: that works for people who live downtown
Bike: ditto

These two probably represent what 2% of commuters?  The layout of the city and population density would have to change completely.

Self driving cars: Same issue....just people aren't driving?

transit:  Maybe with an enormous investment.  Take us for example we live about a 12 minute drive from the west line rail transit.  Which is pretty darn close given size of the metro area and the size of the rail transit system.  But when you take travel there, parking, walking to station, waiting for train, walking from arrival to work to would more than double our travel time to downtown.  Very few people would make this choice.  You need enough stations both on source side and destination side to make it work for more than a small percentage of people to make it work.  Which means billions and billions.  Look at Paris there's stations everywhere there, you rarely have to walk more than a block or two to get to a station.  So it works.  The rail system would have to increase in size by at least 8 fold to compare.

I'm just saying that the problems are way beyond small investments and almost nothing any one community (city) can solve.  Nearly all large cities are facing the same problems.  Because of economic consolidation and job markets people are moving together.  But living in high density areas costs significantly more than lower density so people are collectively making the same choices, not living downtown, sprawling and commuting.  So the fixes are not more sidewalks, it has to be enormous.  Either we bulldoze swaths of land to build above ground rail, spend even more to build underground, or improve existing transit infrastructure.
Keep in mind though 19th represents about a quarter of the delay for those in the top 5.  And those in the top 5 aren't getting any better either.  The problem is theres just more people. Unless we start limiting how many children people can have or force people to move to smaller cities there's just not much to be done other than widen roads and add new ones.
I dunno man the rattlesnakes around here (of which there are a lot it seems since I've seen about a dozen since we moved here a year ago) tend to believe in "stand your ground".  Seems like if they sense someone near by they just curl up and rattle. Can't even scare them away (throwing things at them and such just pisses them off).
It TP isn't appealing to your 2 year old you should consider having her tested (I'm kidding...but if only my 2 year old didn't consider several feet of TP to be more fun than cartoons).
Sorry, I guess some people's tolerance for potholes varies.  I am pretty sure I saw some mini-vans parked at the trailhead but I didn't pay that close of attention.  I have a 2004 Nissan frontier, according to google has a ground clearance of 7.7 inches.  Not sure what year your Forester is but according to google the 2010 model has 8.7 inches of clearance so more than my truck.  I had 0 issues but I'm also used to driving shit roads so I am not easily phased, where some people seem to think this road is basically extreme offroading.
Driven carefully, sure.  I really only ran into two or three spots that seemed bad enough to bottom out a car with reasonable clearance (like a subaru).  The rest was just ridiculously rough (washboard, rocks etc), so just driving slow should be sufficient.
Impressive without supplemental oxygen
Smell time, that's ridiculous.  They hear time, its just a really quiet ticking sound.  They smell earthquakes though...
Picture taken yesterday near Crestone:
https://c6.staticflickr.com/9/8062/29108715381_449ceec63f_z.jpg
Well you can't say "no snow", there's chances for sure, there's been several snow storms this August.  But yeah not likely to be a lot of snow.
"Excuse me sir would you like some more Chardonnay?"
Skip to 7:45 to see the grand finale, though the whole thing really builds the suspense and establishes the scene.
"This is the crapiest parade I've ever seen daddy"
I kinda want to move away now...
- Mom of the year
> This sucks; even biking groups are against it.

> Even hiking there should be considered a privilege.

I don't even know which side you're on here, perhaps its just my reading comprehension failing me.

As a mountain biker and hiker/climber I'd generally not want to see trails opened up to biking.  At least not across the board.  It does seem like more trails would be good out there (more is always welcome) but I'd hate to see what would happen with the already busy hiking trails if you threw bikes in the mix.  As I almost never hike on trails open to bikes because of how unpleasant it is to be out there with fast bikes.
“I speak the truth for all of you, and for everyone in this country who doesn’t have a voice,” said [Billionaire born to wealth]
There's a blender at the bottom to keep you motivated.

Honestly these things look neat but they're too short to be of any real use.
Sad winter lover checking in :-(
And visible light whiteface!
Welp.....someone sold their soul for height.
Most hilarious part is that this has been posted at least 4 times today (on various subs).
"Google said to go this way"
The moment it started I thought "wow this looks like one of those 'they stick the pole into a live wire' gifs".  Amazing how many times these things happen.  They internet really has allowed me to learn from the mistakes of hundreds of people.
I was closer to: "well this is weird...its got to be some sort of joke they going to buck around and laugh and then HOLY SHIT!!! THAT GUY NUTS!"
Cool, amazing how much snowier the Alps are this time of year than the Rockies, considering the Rockies are generally higher (637 13k+ foot mtns in Colorado vs 82 in Europe).
When was this?
Guy on the bike is dumb for chasing the car driver but I have admit the car driver was a full on idiocracy.
Was....was his grandmother attached to the rockets?
Yeah proud family is also a death sentence.  Basically if anyone asks you about your family while you're in a fire fight....shoot them.
I don't have a dirty driveway but I want one now.
And no one says "you dumb fuck"? 
It's so sad that the main reason so many people are into christianity is they are basically afraid of made up consequences.
If you want to go to one of the high points I'd suggest Bear Peak over South Boulder as the entire saddle between the two and most of the back side of SB is burned.  BP will (up Fern Canyon) will give a better/prettier hike to the top.  There's a small amount of scrambling on the top but nothing that should give you too much trouble.
You can't make me!!!  I noped out of the gif after about 1 second.
hahah great to hit a lot of teenage angst character building on your very first character!  I think it wasn't until my third character that I started truly hitting the cringe.
What is with all the construction errors with building these things?
10 minutes later: I earned this cookie...
Really cool, look kinda huge though.  I'd wack myself in the face and knock myself out at least once a day.
Nearly the same place from June:

http://i.imgur.com/r69t6pq.jpg
It's about 3 miles each way, so if you end up walking the entire way both ways figure around 3 extra hours total.  I'd suggest trying to hitchhike or join up with someone.  The road is pretty bad (did it about 3 weeks ago), someone driving carefully could probably manage it in a low civic but don't be shocked if you bottom a little.
Challenge accepted!

https://www.google.com/maps/@38.1487103,-121.5869378,1964m/data=!3m1!1e3
"You're sure this is the trail?"

"YES I checked the map! It said follow the blue trail and we're following it!"
There are several states like this Maryland has a ton of custom plate options as well.  Just a way for people to pay more to try and be "unique".
> I'm looking for numerical proof. Something that I've been trying to find is the total energy that the earth absorbs from the sun each year, shown against the total energy released from human activity through things like fossil fuels. The ratio of the two would be a very decisive factor in whether or not I CMV.

It's not about the energy released by humans.  Its that we are releasing gases that cause the earth to retain more energy from the sun.

> It's inconceivable to me that the earth had stable temperatures with only an error of 2 degrees over a period of millions of years.

Its not exactly about stability.  We know the temperature has gone up and down a lot of the course of earth's history. The issue right now is that the temperature has jumped up quickly recently yet there aren't a lot of reasons for this to happen in the natural world.  The sun has been relatively low in output but somehow the temperature continues to go up. 

Keep in mind that those 2 little average degrees represent more energy than the energy of all the world's atomic weapons.  So it's not some small change, it huge and the only way to account for it would be energy adsorbed from the sun.  Since we know CO2 (and other gasses) cause more energy absorption (of certain frequencies) from light that would account for the increased temperature.  We can actually reproduce this in the lab and it was done over a hundred years ago.  Put more air into a container shine light through it and measure temperature increase, then increase the CO2 concentration and repeat. 
chocolate with butterscotch icing.

OMG it's the most awesome stairs ever...
So wait, there's a set of steps somewhere that bmx/skateboarding people have given a name?
I will prepare myself for all the pro-gun posts saying "SEEEEE he didn't even need a gun!!!" on my facebook feed.
That was my first thought!!!  This whole campaign (both sides) is a race to the bottom.  Every week they seem to get to a new low.  Its like neither side wants to win?  I don't know.  It's just insane.

I don't know anything about this person or if they even are a musician, but I'm fan.
Pork now comes preloaded with dipping sauce 
"You know I got my medical degree at DeVry but I think you're going to lose the leg on this one"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXWsTUTQXF0
Amazing, you should write a book about your experiences.
Is it just me or are most of those bible verses that he lists out (around 6:40) not related to prophecy of anyone much less mohammed.  The one that does predict someone goes on to say that you'll know they're a false prophet if they make predictions that don't come true...which the Quran does.  Good job sounding like you know what you're talking about to people who don't bother to look it up....another one that doesn't hold up says that the "advocate" will be with you forever...oopps.
"If I'm going to do this move, I'm going to need to wear the ninja outfit my mom made me"
"You want white onions or red onions?"
Not always an option, we got 120 inches of snow last season here. The only choice is "drive through it"
"No idea what's going on"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Y_7P9Ce9Uc

That picture would be easier to figure out if it was just upside down.
Do any of Arnold's (various) terminator characters count?
Whoa those UFOs fleeing the storm are pretty cool.
We had this in my elementary school.  Plus my parents strictly took us to church every Sunday (plus bible school in the summer).  I'm the only one in my family and the only one of the people I know enough about from school that became atheist.  Sadly it seems like only some people manage to listen to this BS and put together that it is in fact BS.
No photo spheres yet :-(
Did Kelso ridge to Torreys last week and had the summit to ourselves (though we did an alpine start).
That is that bull's maximum speed....and even that is excruciating.
I'm not sure that body armor is going to save anything.....just going to be red mist with little pieces of red mist covered plastic flying out if anything goes wrong.
Stressed out watching that entire thing.  I was rather glad it was on this sub and not WTF or some other watch people die sub.
Definitely can't stand those people
Not a big fan of bringing noisy quads to nature.
That's funny because my spouse did the exact opposite (registered Republican to vote against Trump...and was obviously screwed out of the chance and voting for Hilary in general).
It's obnoxious that they are in the middle of the road.  That said the guy in the op's video is insane and should be in jail.
No attempt at self arrest but hard to tell how steep that is at the start.  Either way seems like bad form to let go of your pro and lean back/look up while there's falling debris.
That's nice and all but how many asses does it have??
As tercerero said, you're out of the fourth trimester already.  As for spoiling, you can't really spoil an infant.  You can condition them though.  

At 5 months he is old enough to learn self soothing and learning how to sleep without being at your breast.  Its up to you if this is a problem at this point.  It can be difficult having a baby that is wholly dependent on one person for their needs (sleep), but that doesn't necessarily mean its a bad thing (it would be for me but you're not me).  I do think self soothing is a long term skill that can help with a lot of things but some people have trouble with the learning process involved in getting there (usually some crying involved...at least my two kids sure did).
My 2.5 year old frequently goes with just bottoms (mainly because she doesn't like anything wet on her torso), but at the local play park she seems to be the only one.  No one has ever seemed to give us much concern but I think if she were 4 or older people would react.  Personally I wish it wasn't an issue.
ONLY ONE GUN?!?  Complete Bullshit!  The trees aren't even on fire.
Stay in line or its curtains for you Daniel
Going to go brush my teeth again....

Yeah the did I scar them for life question ugh.  Seems like a daily question for me.  Didn't kiss them good night?  Probably scarred for life.  Gave up asking them to put their shoes on and just did it myself...yup definitely scarred. 
That was....insane...not sure if it was supposed to be serious or funny.
So anyone willing to (further?) corrupt their search history and try to find this image?
I still think....I don't give a fuck.  Who cares what its called??  Why does every anti-gun control person get soooooo caught up on "it's not an assault rifle!!!".  I'm well aware of what the term means, when I was younger I had a HK G3 (classified as a Battle Rifle) and a SKS. I just don't think the term use is the important thing here.
haha TH elevation 10,755 feet.  Not sure that fixes the altitude problem. 
He's mostly just mad because he sucks so bad a lying even though he does it constantly.
It made me so sad when he died, the giants all seemed like nice people.

Seems like for me what happens is first time I attempt a boss I almost win but die when the boss is one hit away from death due to being greedy.  Then I spend 5 more deaths getting no where close and then finally buckle down and win.
Yeah sounds like my version of hell.
Sorry I should have elaborated. Thanks. 
Taken from Mount Sniktau looking toward Torreys peak.
hhmmm not sure, there's a bunch of lakes around some still buried in snow but not familiar with that one.  Here's a shot of the opposite side of the mountain looking down Arapaho glacier (which includes some lakes):

http://i.imgur.com/r69t6pq.jpg
South Arapaho Peak in Indian Peaks Wilderness.
"This isn't going to bother me......I might throw up"
So 40 minutes, depending on where in Golden you're talking is a little restrictive I'm going to be a little loose with this potentially.
Staunton State Park: 
Lions head is 9,400 and you can hike to the top:
http://images.summitpost.org/medium/880042.jpg

Golden Gate Canyon Park:

Black Bear trail tops out at 9,200.  You can also hike up mount Tremont and Thorodin mountain but there are no official trails going to the top of either...not sure why.  There are some trails made by people going off trail regularly.

Saint Mary's Glacier and surrounding trails including a few 12 and 13k foot peaks

Trailhead on henderson mines rd:
https://www.google.com/maps/place/Continental+Divide+Trail,+Parshall,+CO+80468/@39.7737206,-105.8527031,16.25z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x876a4c7255305b9b:0xd95ba2a1400a8158!8m2!3d39.7738807!4d-105.8477449!5m1!1e4

Moffat Tunnel trail head and the various trails/peaks in there.

Basically tons of options, if you want to see some views from these places just use google maps and look for photo spheres.

Exactly!  I'm not in the bathroom to hang out and I don't really care who is taking a crap in the next stall. 
This miracle doesn't seem to be in use anywhere else, DC is mosquito hell all summer long.
Fucking method actors
"Ooohhh another hit batter and looks like another free base for the away team, the crowd is just loving this though"
I really wish that games would include some degree of realism in this area. Enemies are just suicidal in games, I'm so tired of the massive body count and over use of combat as the only thing that you do in 99% of games.
Seconding Nextdoor, also if you have any friends with kids in daycare I've found that most daycare workers also moonlight as sitters.
Mario and Simpsons don't feel old to me. Vintage toys sound like 50 year old rocking horses and toy cars, not things from my childhood. Ie you made me feel old. 
'Vintage toys", "Simpsons"  and "Mario". Excuse me while I hate you. 
I immediately thought of this image when I read the title:
http://nlmedia.a.cdnify.io/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/piss.jpg
I had MRSA for a while, kept coming up as infected hair follicles.  I guess I was just sorta carrying it (strep lives on your skin), it took a long time and repeated washing with hibiclens (while washing all my clothes and bedding in hot water), to finally get rid of it.
Pretty much the same, our 2.5 year old sleeps at night in diapers but all day long she's in undies....like 5 packs worth.  Everywhere we go we bring a change of clothes just in case.  So far she's great with pee but poop is hit or miss.  So far it still upsets her very much when she has an accident but she will also sometimes refuse to get on the potty even though we can tell something will be coming soon.  The journey continues...
Stunt woman's name is Casey Michaels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xECUrlnXCqk
Yeah Hobbies and Passions don't go high on my list of important information on a resume.
Where is this?  Looks like it could be familiar.
Yup, wtf indeed.
There's plenty of examples of gods in our own mythology that are not omniscient.  Zeus wasn't all knowing, the Egyptian pharaohs were seen as gods, even in the bible the Christian god didn't know Adam and Eve had eaten the apple till they told him.  The technology is godlike to them because presumably (though certainly Teal'c displays a lot of knowledge) to most of them they have no idea how they work.  They're handed a staff weapon and told how to shoot it and damn if it doesn't work.  I always just assumed it was like magic weapons in the mythology and fiction of our world, the magic sword does stuff and its magic and that is all we know.
I had seen people say that it was a lot but I was still a bit surprised.  Though we figured out a good way to balance things. It was number 2 that was rather soul crushing for me.  Suddenly doing almost anything seems daunting. Want to just go to the park? Better spend 20 minutes getting ready and then get halfway there and then turn back because someone is having a meltdown. Once a month it seems we get to do something we want and the very next day I am trying to figure out how we managed to do it. I know it will get better but right now it seems like a long journey to that point. 
Canadians.....
http://www.amazon.com/Fall-Giants-Book-Century-Trilogy/dp/0451232852
Google seems to repeatedly make decent or even great products and just give a halfhearted effort at marketing and maintenance.
When camping in lion/tiger/brown bear territory I feel like the definition of "food" gets slightly changed.
I also really liked that equipment load had some affect at every % level.  Not just on the iframes and roll distance but also on stamina recovery.  So even if you couldn't get down the level required to change your iframes there was some difference between 60 and 70% load.
I was pretty meh on this until the end....then it went full awesome.
My thought the whole time: "he's definitely going to move his hand before he swings....no one is that stupid...right?"
"Yay I'm a flower" *brrrrrrrr* "what's that noise?"
Fuck these people for not just giving the list in order of score.
Is it possible you were just there to act as a target for any assassins?
Lately it seems to me that summoning period is a bad idea.  There's a few fights where a distraction can be helpful but most of the time I will end up giving up and doing it myself winning on the first or second try.
holy shit, I wonder how they got the calf separated from it's herd and caught without being trampled to death.  People are fucking stupid.
Sorry for the parser error.
I found the programming to be clunky (really hard to make useful variables/functions/etc).  Doing something that seems simple (making an event with multiple triggers that could be called different times) was a huge pain.  Digging through layers of menus just made it even more painful.

That and the micro-transactions, I'd have much rather bought a single subscription that got you all content for a year or something than the nickel and diming.
> UE4

I haven't tried it,  but the need to dig through layers of menus just to access a variable instead of just typing one word (and doing that x1000 for anything complex) drove me away in minutes.
Yeah the "visual programming" thing just doesn’t work for any serious developer. If they had included a simple scripting engine I would have been much more interested. 
I was super excited about it but when I saw that every little thing cost money and the programming was so dumbed down I just stopped working with it. 
Thanks!
Were other shows cancelled?

Well Trump is such a liar I would not be surprised if everything he says has nothing to do with his actual plan.
This is why you have to be careful pinning locations in google maps kids.
That's the part of the Trump support I don't get...."We are sick of our Government being under control of the corporate interests!  Lets cut out the middle man and put a corporate goon directly in charge instead!"
Was trying to figure out how the guy on the right was in Game of thrones.....doh
Ok thanks, I didn't use the right keywords first try.
Nope
I'd love to see a current president do that...just to see the secret service protecting him through a battle.
So we found the terminator....wonder why its letting you check out its leg.
This, it's social.  We tell women over and over again that their value is wrapped up in their attractiveness and that they are even more attractive if they're a virgin.  Sex comes with a cost and each time you have sex you pay a price (your number goes up) and the first time is the biggest price of them all.
"Jesus died for our trims"

Could be a tree care or barbershop.
"That tickles stop!"
Yeah I've gotten killed through walls when I can't otherwise even see the enemy.  Of course my sword plinks off the smallest branch.
It still really annoys me that if I swing with so much as a little stick within 20 feet of me my sword bounces off but enemies can swing straight through walls.
I've heard of lighting your farts on fire but damn girl!  Also stop eating soap.
M+KB so right click after two handing.
Just starting up with a mercenary (been playing other builds so this was my first try with these weapons).  On the start area creatures I do ~62 damage on a regular swing and ~54 with the double swing.
This isn't work.  This is advanced golf swing training. 
I personally have been playing since DS 1 and I have always hated invaders.  Yeah yeah it's a part of the game blah blah.  For me I have limited time to play and an invader is practically guaranteed to kill me?  Why because someone who spends their days invading people and gearing for it are going to be a hell of a lot better than someone who gets to play an hour or two a day and is just trying to make it through the game.  I have played offline but I do miss things like occasional the jolly coop or messages and such.


Basically when I see an invasion notice (and it seems to happen a lot more with DS3 than I remember previously) I know I basically have to just go start the section over again as anything else is a waste of my limited time.
Not ever...barely even cussed. 
And that my friends is when we got out the torches and pitchforks and raided Dr Frankenstein's castle.
British voice over : "Here we see the male gorilla conducting a territorial display. You can plainly see the genitalia which is an important part of the display" 
I have to say I'm pretty disappointed with our technological progress.  Mopeds, trucks, red lights, ugh might as well be now.  Pretty sweet that we figured out how to communicate across time though.
Was I the only one who immediately envisioned this:

http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/en.futurama/images/9/99/Bender-obsoletely-_fabulous.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20061026040717
Playing Dark Souls 3 right now.  Defeat massive towering boss....get ganked by a single hollow knight.....
I've been surprised how many posts I see of people making fan art of Finn holding the light saber and how few I've seen of Rey.  It's like a 2 to 1 ratio on /r/starwars. Even though he immediately gets his butt kicked and loses it its Finn holding the saber that is the iconic image to so many people.
The argument for this model continues that if you give the rich more money (tax breaks) that money will stimulate the the economy by the rich investing their money.  This is the real idea behind "trickle down" economics.  The problem is that this doesn't work either.  

The basic idea behind investments is that your get a return on that investment.  Thus someone (company, individual, etc) who gets investment money, pays more than what they got back to the investor by the end.  So even here the net movement of money in the economy was upward not down.  The only time there is a net downward movement is for a failed investment and I don't think we as an economy are hoping for failures to help us balance the economy.  Of course anyone doing investing is going to do their best to limit their exposure to failures and when they do happen there is insurance and tax breaks to help mitigate the cost of failure.  So ultimately the whole idea of "supply side" economics just falls on it's face.
You know if she is in fact not directly related to you it would be horrible in regards to your relationship with your wife.  That said DNA != parent/child bond.  Don't take out this on your daughter and she is in fact YOUR daughter because you've been there with her this whole time.  Your bond to her is more important than any chain of chemicals.  As someone said get another test and confirm, talk to your wife but I'd suggest never even letting your daughter know and never let it change your relationship with her.
So much dying already....DS2 I read a lot of guides and such and it was still super hard.  This time I'm trying to manage it without the reading.

The first boss guy I died like 5 times and decided to just see if I could go in and fight without bothering to try and hit him.  Just try surviving till I could learn his moves and such....of course that's the time I beat him :-)
"in case of emergency you are now dead"
That was reallllly juicy and not in a good way.  Thanks for the near puke OP.
Not-NSFW...says you!  I neither want to see that nor do I think anyone should do that on the job.
"God damn it Bill would you just look at the map again"

"I lost the map"
Mr Slave of bull fighting 
According to the CDC you can't see, taste or smell lead in water.
 
http://www.cdc.gov/nceh/lead/tips/water.htm
I just love how these articles seem to never just list out the affected systems. 
I wonder why "90+%" of the userbase (answering a poll I never personally saw) care soooooooooo much about seeing some character's butt?
Someone complained about a unnecessarily sexual pose for the character (butt sticking out) saying it was out of character.  Blizzard said they would change it and a whole bunch of children freaked out.  So in the end Blizzard changed the pose to that of a pinup girl and the children were pleased. 
I sometimes almost fall going down the steps if I don't pay attention....
That would be awesome, might make me dig my Wii U out from...where ever it is right now....
This seems more like a sound design plan than anything to me.

Am I still exist?
Is this real or a parody?
Why...WHY did it end so soon!?!? I need more.
It seems like both the Democratic and Republican parties are going out of their ways to implode this election season.  If it comes down to Hilary vs Trump....I just don't know if I can care enough to even bother voting.
Until I noticed the sub I was preparing a wtf reply. 
People are supposed to follow you?  I thought it was just a place to go and share my thoughts with the void.
How about we all just slow down and relax a little while driving?
Yeah true, just not as cheap as a Hulu membership (since you could power your way through well before you'd spend $200 in fees).  But for ownership yeah it's not bad.

Choo choooooo mother fucker
If you want to buy it (assuming Hulu and Amazon aren't options) you can get it on Google Play.  Though to buy all 10 season would be $200 (us).  I'm pretty sure Google Play is available in Norway.....could be wrong.
Is Oobleck icing?  Cause I was kinda hoping that was icing.

Man blue got destroyed, spent a total of 3 seconds not in last place over the entire race.
>  we like you again

durrhuurrr we get to keep looking at her butt
"White people" and by that I guess you'd really be talking about Americans were one of the last major participants in slavery though.  Obviously not the last since in a more hidden way (and in some case less hidden) there is still slavery today.  But of nations that openly participated in slavery in a large scale the US was one of the last.  I would argue its the first people to stop open slavery that get more credit than the last in this measure.
If I'm reading his lips correctly:  "You betrayed me mommy!"
You might be driving too fast....
Nope
It's fake 
Wow its like Facebook managers heard that people assumed Facebook was spying on them so they were like oh yeah well watch this!!!
I have 246 games and have finished 49.  This was way better than I thought honestly and this exercise lead me to discovering that I own a bunch of games that I didn't realize I had......
I'm not a doctor but you might want to get that checked out.
"physics"
Anyone else want to watch dances with wolves now?
What if the diver taking the close up shot of the ball was still there when the whale showed up, would it stop or just swallow the diver too?
Warning didn't read the article(didn't care), but my take would be that he's getting ~33% of the republicans who vote in primaries.  Which is about ~15% of republicans (this year, which is much higher than normal) and republicans are about ~42% of the population.  Soooo thats about 2.2% of the voting US population.
Wait till they get their new boat "Extreme hornblower"
I was really disappointed when I realized that it didn't say fast flames.
He's got a couple of other really good ones but yeah this video is simply perfect.
I regret only that i have but one upvote to give that video.

edit: I wonder why this is getting downvoted?  People are mad that I want to give more than one upvote to a good video?  Or they're mad that I haven't been going out making extra accounts to give it more upvotes?
Are there traffic laws in China?  Seems like intersections mostly involve "go".
Yeah for a second I thought I recognized the road as the road to winter park in colorado.  Till I read the title again.
Can't take a shower today...need to get the new armor set so I look cool....
Digging in, like many people facing an attack on their sense of self(even if just perceived), they are doubling down and taking their "values" to the next level.  I grew up in a religious conservative area, but the place I grew up and the people there are almost unrecognizable to me now.  Everything about them now is blown out of proportion, before you owned a gun?  Now you own 10, and have bumper stickers about them, and talk about them, and you don't like anyone who doesn't own a gun.  Before you went to church?  Now you go to church twice a week, and have bumper stickers telling everyone you love jebus, and everything that happens is because of god, etc etc.

I'm not sure what psychological phenomenon this is but it seems common.  They think their "way of life" is under attack so they lash out.  Its hard for people to see things from outside themselves as it takes an actual mental effort to do so and most people are not really used to attempting this so it just doesn't occur to them.  So they re-enforce each others shared perspective and never get an outside view so it just escalates. 
Teen girls still have role models?
sexy != massive muscles.

I'm sure I'll get downvoted to oblivion for daring to say it.  It's just not the same thing.  Yes video game characters are often exaggerated ideals, and often in unattainable ways.  There's still a difference between gruff/tough/strong and sexy/exposed/cutesy.

The 28th, 30th and 31st don't exist.  Anything that attempts to show that is untrue is heretical and therefore must be destroyed.
The biggest problem with this is that the entire world will adopt it except the US and then everyone will need to keep track of both.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiyDYQIe6g4

Slow the fuck down people!  God it pisses me off when its snowing like that and every drives like nothing is happening.
Yeah wouldn't want an awesome athletic woman.
Stealing your water?  California is stealing our water (Colorado).
Everyone always tells me the car loses half its value when you drive it off the lot....I think this is a little excessive though.
Was everyone ok?
"KKK items located on aisle 3"
Damn it Jesus!  Get back up there and die!
Steamboat springs, co
Finish? What is that? I usually get halfway through and get bored because I spent so much time backtracking to make sure I didn't miss anything. 
Thats more on freshly fallen snow.  Compacted snow is much more.
Again I said everyone cares about their homes, its more about how people act about them.  I personally don't care if the neighbor kids play soccer on my front lawn. As long as they aren't doing anything bad.  Some neighbors though pull the whole "get off my land" thing.
Agreed, seems very odd for someone so experienced.  Either over confidence, perhaps old age, I don't know.  Very strange.
According to the video I just found on the topic, she borrowed someone else's parachute and (apparently) didn't realize that the open cord was in an unusual location.  So she didn't find it in time.
To some extent this is probably true but it also seems to be cultural.  The idea of a "mans home is his castle" and being the king of the castle.  Property and ownership is extremely important to people of certain generations.  Not to say its not important to all people to varying levels, just that the centralness or property to their feeling of identity and self are different.
I didn't realize towel stealing was a real thing.  
Maybe I missed it but where was it established that the comments were made by people who would identify as being "sjw"s? 
"doesn't matter.....I had food"
Ditto, seemed interesting, even though I don't have a kindle I can live with installing the reader app on my tablet to check this out.

Going from 5-10% of the population to over 50.
Unions and people worked to get acts like the interstate commerce act (late 1800s), antitrust (late 1800s) and fair labor act (1938). Middle class as we now define it really grew into a real thing in the 1940s.
"regulating it" is also what helped create the middle class and end the gilded age.  Government is a sword for who wields it. There is no other mechanism by which the people can exert power over the rich. 
How does the air being saturated stop this process? 
http://www.livescience.com/7420-men-talk-women.html

That game is pretty fun but replayability is a little lacking.
I wish they did more damage but were easier to hide/take shelter from, theres just nothing for me to do other than take or leave.
My ~40 year old sister in law does this and her daughter does it in kind.  I have always assume she does it as a way of seeming kid like and putting people off their guards.  Not intentionally mind you...shes not that smart, more of a learned behavior.  Your sister probably learned it from some other kid at school or somewhere else.  Hopefully she'll grow out of it...or just end up a psychopathy like my worthless SIL.
Keep telling yourself that preppy!
Not sure what your other parameters are or how close is close but here are a few of my favs that are right at the start of the mountains:

[Eldorado Canyon](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Eldorado+Canyon+State+Park/@39.9320798,-105.294678,15.5z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0000000000000000:0xe9857cac6492178a),[Mt Falcon](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mt+Falcon+East+Access+Parking+Lot/@39.6468274,-105.1994294,16z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0000000000000000:0xebe9f70cb5b2f7c9), [Galbraith](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//39.7741318,-105.2534327/@39.773313,-105.2537517,17z)

By Friday I'd bet most of the trails will have been well trampled.  I usually just bring spikes.
It's spring up to my ass outside.
It's awesome snowman snow.  The fluffy light stuff won't pack but this stuff will make for great snowpeople.  Now to add carrots to my "omg omg we need bread" list of grocery items :-)
More proof we spend money on the wrong things.  Trillions spent every year on war and we haven't built a super computer to solve this problem?  Tragedy.
I could have taken that photo in my yard today
Needs more drones dropping bombs 
GeForce experience kinda sucks,  but GeForce experience is a great game! 
I can agree that sometimes it's a good bit heavy handed in the way it deals with gender (and they do the same thing with Kat). I wouldn't throw away the entire show on that one count though. And most episodes are not as you describe. 
Supergirl 
Awesome, also impossible clean :-)
Don't they eventually sell the demo house?  Seems like a huge waste to build a whole house in a condition that it can't be used for anything other than a demo and after all the houses are sold become pretty much useless.
But if you manage to power it up it will heat your whole house.
Sheriff: "Here let me open my dumbass mouth and illustrate exactly why we need this legislation"
No they die all the time, they just don't make any sounds while doing it....like man
Me: "c*****ds"....hhmmmm cowards?  That isn't that offensive.....*click* oohhhhh that one, yeah says my grandma....
That's pretty insane.  It's basically a box that contains a smaller power supply, and partial mother board right?  I get that it probably can't be cheap but really just makes it only useful for people who really really need portability.  I've been in the market for a setup like that (I work on my PC and also game so I have various needs for my PC) but in the end its just way more cost effective to have a laptop and desktop plus a portable SSD.
So are they really boxing or are they just following a routine? I have never paid any attention to boxing so I have no idea what exhibition means in that context.
What does that mean though?
I was expecting that one guy to get hit by the train....oh ok there it is.
I call this "meth-addict"
Nah....the light for the camera car didn't turn red again before the other lane was finished going through.
Since you don't describe it I will ask, have you tried talking to her about it?  Empathize and describe times you had a hard to dealing with life.  As someone who has a lot of teenage depression all I ever got from my parents was "why are you depressed you should be happy" and "deal with it".  I felt like really talking with my parents would have helped.

Everyone is so quick to say get a professional but the times I did get to see someone like that it wasn't the same as talking to someone I knew and trusted.  Everyone is different and who knows how she could react to an outside professional but its worth trying someone small first.
Was this lady my mother? Because that sounds dead on. Admits she's racist and a hypocrite but doesn't care and can't be bothered to expand her perspective. 
Hoping for more faces/hairs and armor selections.  Stupid hats and such I couldn't care less about.
I've been curious about this too, I've mostly just seen them in rural areas....I think its some sort of secret conservative cult.
"When I was baptized, I received the gift of G_ _ _ _."

I can't decide if the correct answer is "Gozer" or "[Gigli](http://www.cooksinfo.com/gigli-pasta)".  Anyone know the answer?
This is what I had to do.
Why did you burst into tears?
The gear was my biggest general problem with all Fable games.  It more or less didn't matter. I get that they were trying to make it so you could dress how you want but there was just less to strive for..particularly the games after the first one.  By the third it was just clothes, I think weapons made a little difference but that was about it.
This is actually a sport, it's called extreme noping.

I was mildly interested in Legends and signed up for the beta.  It just wasn't very fun to me, just random grouping and going through the same areas over and over till you could unlock the next.  It had all the hallmarks of a pay to win (lots of things to buy and you could either just pay real money and get them or spend hours to collect in game currency to earn them).  I played one day and then never started it back up.

Fable 1 is still one of my favorite games of all time but it seemed like every new game they released in the series just got further and further from what made the original great.  The only good thing they added was female PCs, seemed like every other thing they did took away from or diminished the fun of the original formula.
I expected them to run up an start kicking.  "Who's the star pupil now?!?!?!"
Yeah my biggest question was, are they everywhere?  Does this planet just happen to be in their territory?  I mean the expectation I have is that most planets will be way beyond any civilization, but if everywhere you go there's the space cops it will just feel stupid and contrived.
Well...at least its not a lion.
Sounds like my brother.  Who is in his 40s has a wife and two kids who all live in my mother's house almost for free. All because they've filed for bankruptcy multiple times and now can't be bothered to try and make it on their own. They are also proud of having never taken a handout...... 
[Aliens](http://i.imgur.com/lLxCoWM.jpg)
We only elect sociopaths, anyone who expresses actual emotion is weak and not the killer we want in office. 
Until picture 8 I was going with "not as much as expected"
we've gone from flying wings to propeller wings.
It's also more often considered a mid-atlantic state and not southern though sometimes it does get lumped into the south as well. The problem is (as someone who grew up there) I would say VA is a mixed bag (though most states probably could make this argument with varying degrees of success). Northern VA is wildly different from the rest of the state and throws its averages way off.  Most people who live in northern VA are not from the state and the education there (NOVA) is very different there than the rest of the state.
I didn't even know there was a shot!  I need to get it right away!
The explosion was a big f you...I mean bad enough the ship is sinking and rolling like that but then its like, fine you guys know to run across the hull to safety, here fucking die in a explosion!
Downvoted?
Hey Lakewood is near me (Golden), one of the perks of moving here was to be far away from my family....for similar reasons.
Claims Rep: Ok so explain this to me again.....
Just like the original?
If a man was in that role with no character changes no one would say anything.  Make the character a female (with no changes) and suddenly it's a feminist conspiracy, etc etc.
"Human if you tell it where I am I will kill you"
Same rule applies for most every state I've been in.  Generally the staring also includes one or more of the following: One or both parties trying to wave the other through, annoyed honking, polite hand gestures, rude hand gestures implying the other driver is an idiot.
Proof the technology will destroy us.
I would say its like most every superpower, movie tech etc.  It works at the strength of plot.  I was watching Flash (for the first time through) recently and in one episode he literally dodged lightning a few episodes later he can't dodge punches thrown at him.
Where do you think platform exclusives come from?  Because software makers just like one platform more?  They are given money to make their game for a specific platform and not that others.  

Why is this idiotic?  I could be wrong I fully admit that but I don't think they're building this platform out of the goodness of their hearts.  They have a plan to make money, and it can't be just sales of windows because in that case they don't need the Xbox thing at all they could have just dropped it and said "hey go game on Windows it's already a platform".
One can only hope.  But they (console makers) have bribed and bullied game makers in the past to get games to be exclusive to their platforms in the past.  They could continue that practice but now on the PC platform further subdividing the platform and still getting their exclusives to their PC gaming platform. I could be wrong I have no idea what their long term plans are but seems completely within their normal operating parameters.  I mean this is basically what Valve feared with the whole Windows store and why they created SteamOS in the first place.
oooo I'm so getting a new necklace!
I'm sorry that speculation triggers you so much.
They get licensing payments for sales on Xbox they don't on Windows.  They get subscription fees on Xbox they don't on Windows.  Moving their hardware platform off of something they create onto generic hardware doesn't mean they suddenly want to give up this cash flow, but it does make the open platform a direct competitor.  So.....why keep supporting the open platform?  Xbox is the NEW platform!  Everyone upgrade today!!!!  Sorry no more Direct X updates, thats the old system.

I'm not being paranoid it's business and MS is looking for a new way to make money.  Their tablet/phone platform has floundered and so has their entire consumer market.
hhhmmm interesting, but at the same time very worrying.  I've been a PC gamer since King's Quest 1 came out (and I was asking my older siblings how to spell "Cauldron").  On one hand its exciting that they want to make the PC their prime platform on the other hand it sounds like they may lock it down and ruin the whole thing.  Time to really think about Steam OS?
I need these climbing shoes, anyone know what they are?
yeah definitely agree on the leveling.  I assume it comes down to the expectation that they will come along later in the game so this is a way to catch up? But yeah I barely use them till I have leveled up enough of my other soldiers. 
I had the same reaction, didn't immediately realize we were talking about XCOM: EU. I was going to answer that the time unit system is what I miss the most.  The two moves simplistic system makes the strategies feel weird still.


I have a love hate relationship with the limited squad size.  The soldiers are tougher and their abilities more complex so it makes sense to have fewer of them but one of the best parts (for me) of the original X-Com was how pathetic the soldiers started out.  The first mission was always such a shit show half the troops died because of something stupid, half the ones left alive were panicked and the whole thing came down to the two or three competent ones that saved the day.  The new games you start off with 4 whole soldiers and max out at 5 for while.  If you lose two in an early mission you are already pretty much screwed.  Just feels so different, not entirely in a bad way but not entirely good.
I am fortunate enough to have the same exact name as some B list rock person and the last name of a very well known place.  To get down to the real me means wading through pages and pages of unrelated info.  Though I don't think I have anything particularly embarrassing out there I at least have a feeling of reassurance that it would be very hard to find anyway.
Crazy amount of depth of field manipulation in a photo taken from Venus.
One week supply of salt for a single McDonald's restaurant.
TIL: There are a lot of spiders in Japan.

This is disgusting and why we are so fat....I need one of those, I need to find one now and put it in my mouth!!!!!!
Because there is only one female character in episodes 4-6?
The thing is, if they are unprofitable now, how are they going to add customer support and work to improve the system?  They're not going to make more money, they're already the only game in town and can't manage to turn a profit.  Adding people just costs more money, their customers might be happier but they already aren't losing customers.


More successful than every attempt I've ever made.
no brake lights on
Or a super loud horn...that can be heard for miles around that gets blown long before the train crosses the road....
Find hobbies you enjoy and make goals that are personal and not dependent on anyone else.  I would suggest something that is physical and has a lot of skill building involved.  I got into whitewater kayaking, and rock climbing and it really changed my life.  Created goals for myself things I wanted to get better at and then friends related to those activities that were wholly unrelated anyone I had previous contact with.....might not work for you but it worked for me.
That is really good to know I actually noticed this on another show (Stargate SG-1) a few days ago and was wondering what was going on.
TIL: Whipping your head around is important in shotput.
"It's over!  We have the high ground, you cannot win!!"
Somehow its appropriate that this was the link in the post I saw just before this one:

https://gfycat.com/SadNeedyIcelandgull
They might have something we want...some nearly unobtainable metal...we could call it Hardtofindium.....no that would be ridiculous. 
Not too horrible. We went with the standard out of the box exchange of vows. Dance was okay but somehow in my head we did much better than the video shows. The reception was the worst though when it came time for me to get up and talk I just turned into a crying blubbering idiot and sat back down. 
Definitely drunk.
Wow those are some amazingly tiny feet.  In fact panel three Psylocke's foot turns into more of a...hoof or maybe a peg leg.
Where is your home?  I need to come and pray and anoint myself with water from the holy sink.
"Everyone please use this time to review chapter 2 'Killing people' and prepare for your practical on Monday"
140 mph, because that's what the speed limiter's max value was (cut off fuel flow to stop it from going any faster).  Just one time on a straight road with no traffic...and also because dumb.
"Ok so...let me explain, first did you see how big that cat was?"

Note that the guides are wearing (I assume the guy making the hand motions and the guy with the camera)are wearing canyoneering shoes that are designed to stick onto wet rock.  Idiot falling nearly to his death is wearing regular shoes.
This is what I came here to say, you can see some of the rocks moving.
My father gave me a bible when I moved out and I used it as a door stop for years...I felt a little bad about it when he died but I got over it.
Wow when I saw 146 mile detour I thought it was more of a detour along a 146 mile section which sounded crazy in itself.  I figured it just added some more miles not...A complete trip nearly to another state and back.

Coffee with enough cream and sugar to kill a horse 
I see where you went wrong....your PC is not a vacuum cleaner.
Its amazing how often this question comes up.  There should be an explanation in game but basically if a med kit could instantly heal someone to full health and it didn't count against healing time back at base why would there be a heal time at all?  They'd get back to base and someone would slap a med kit on them and they'd be ready to head back out.
"Hi I'm the plumber, your pipes need cleaning?"

(boom chica whoowhoow)
What movie is that? 
I would like english language with country relative accents.
I'm sort of shocked at this point that we don't have a viable third party candidate showing up on the scene.  I feel like with the level of disgust people have with both the republicans and the democrats it would be ripe ground for one (or more) third party candidates to step in and get a lot of attention.
Exactly I looked up their financial statement as well and came to the same conclusion.  It doesn't separate out the carrier proportion of the profits but still I take away a big fuck you from this company statement.  Basically they are making more profit every year and they still want more more more.  That's the real problem with US companies, massive greed.  Record profits and its just not enough.
Remind me not to buy anything from Carrier for a while....well probably never at this point but definitely not anytime in the next few years.
Sounds like a sociopath.  Get out, get out now.
This is all completely explainable and not at bug.

Trooper: "OMG I MISSED!" *passes out from panic*

Guardian: "OMG SOMEONE JUST SHOT AT ME!" *blows up from panic*

Trooper: *wakes up trying to figure out where he is*

Yup

"CrapGamer" is an example of the problem.  He buys a system for exclusives...like s/he doesn't get it...the exclusives are the problem!!!  The fact that they're trying to force you to buy the system if you want to play the game and that they are trying to control the entire industry through buying exclusives is why the industry is broken!!!

Just want to scream!!!
At least the line is short this is what you have to put up with in LA:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVMTfGQe51g
Water is actually pretty resistant to electrical flow.  Unless the voltage is high enough to overcome the resistance (compared to the normal flow through components) or the components are very tightly packed (like in a phone or computer) then it will just continue to work. Its worth noting though that this is not good for said components, the presence of water and electricity will cause oxidation which can either break conductivity or short paths.
....I would buy this DLC
Yeah I'm of the "fuck you I do what I want" camp on dry clean only.
I was just power watching this show!
I really think a lot of people who throw in behind Clinton are doing it mainly because they think Sanders is too "extreme".  
Century link's site allows you to put an address in and it will tell you what access speeds are available.  It was accurate for me though I don't live in lookout mt
Location of house on google maps:

https://www.google.com/maps/@25.5261429,-80.458933,424m/data=!3m1!1e3
Yeah but something tells me going to oil bath would be a bad choice.
Would be a lot better without the road sign.
You might want to invest in some better cooling.
Yeah this mod is awesome, highly suggested particularly to make Kellog's outfit useful.
Nice not as snow covered as I would have imagined...making me tempted to want to do it tomorrow.  What's the road to the trailhead like?  4 wheel drive good enough?
Nice, was that today?
Thing is he's too deadpan, like one would assume he would be angry when he kicks that table but his face is expressionless.  Same thing for the rest he only manages one expression in that whole thing from what I saw.
ditto....:-(
After seeing the original star war's trailers and now this one I have to say that movie trailers in the 80s were god awful.  Its a wonder anyone went to see movies after seeing the trailer.  Also Bill's performance looks terrible in that movie based on what I see in the trailer.
Two bullets to the head: No problem

One slap to the face: knocked the fuck out
I'm not sure where mount doom is but all indications are that it must be near Washington DC, better get your fellowship going.
Me either...I bought three of those high end ones....no one is going to make me a sucker!
Looks like you were mostly around where I live (Golden). Fun to see it from that angle, thanks.
Interesting but confusing, maybe I'm just tired but the numbers seem to jump all over the place, 10 billion, 11 trillion, 100 trillion 350 billion.  What is it??
I was there in 2013 so not really an update but when I was there it was so weird.  The place is mostly a ghost town, whole blocks of dilapidated or burned down buildings.  20+ story buildings with, I'm not kidding, boarded up windows.  6 lane highways and pretty much no other cars on them.  On occasion you'd see someone else but most of the time it was full on zombie apocalypse.
Has anyone said what kind of info is in these emails?  What purpose she might have had to want them on the non-classified net?  Is it simply laziness (IE not wanting to deal with the classnet systems)?  Was there some motive otherwise?
Why???  Why couldn't that have been the selected suit??  How hilarious would that be??
It's funny most of those deflected shots looked like they missed in the first place (high above the head, off to the side).  I suppose there might be something to trying to get the shot to go back and hit the shooter but I think it would be even cooler if they mostly just stood stone still or moved slightly and only deflected shots that were actually going to hit.  Now demoralizing would that be??
Yeah raiders suffer from the same logic issue as bandits in Skyrim:

"Oh look at this girl/guy....in full X-01 power armor carrying a massive gauss rifle.....lets teach em not to kill Deathclaws on our turf"
Can someone post a picture of upscale in action?  That looks like it would be kind of hilarious, like 3D pixel art.

Completely realistic

source: went skiing
Is there a video of someone stepping into that thing, spinning out of control and then slamming into the wall?  I just want to see what it would be like if I tried of these things.
My spirit animal?
Sounds like someone wants their moonshot moment.
Punching above your weight there buddy.
That's the USA Today death star.
Context?
That's just overkill, a simple "No Solicitors" sign will do there buddy.
That Jedi definitely looks like they pee themselves if a fight ever actually broke out.
Exactly here in Colorado they barely plow for snow.  Neighborhood streets almost never seem to be plowed.  Last week was the first time I've seen our street since November.
That is awesome!
Well fuck me for working on my nervous fidgeting 
$500?  If someone just gave it to me I'd probably try to find someone else to give it to that actually could use it.  Tip a wait person or something.
Fridges are a unit of measurement?  Are all fridge manufacturers aware of this standard?  Should we start rating bridges in their capacity in kilo-fridges? Is the carrying rig counted in this measure?  Should my fridge have come with one or half of one??

 
I feel like in a few minutes that tree is going to walk around a corner and see a bunch of republicans burning down the forest....
I sometimes hurt myself if I skip the last step 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_X-45
Looks like you can buy one of these for around $600.....credit card hand is sweating....
He obviously can't read the sign because he's not wearing his glasses.
I'm going with after...this is clearly hell and we're all going to be forced to live this over and over again.
I just hope more than a few people in that audience had a moment of "wtf am I doing?  This is clearly insane!"
I don't want to live here anymore....wonder how hard it is to immigrate to Canada.
This seems like an answer to "I would like to instantly ruin my house, but I don't want to burn it down...what are my options?"

I've been hiking every weekend this winter, microspikes should be good enough, its what I use.  The only time it gets difficult with them is on new powder.  There's enough foot traffic on most trails that it gets packed down into ice (which is great with spikes) quickly. Maybe check out Golden Gate State park, Eldorado Canyon or some trails into the flat irons in boulder.  The state parks require paid parking, and the boulder hikes have some places you have to pay and some that are free.


Most of them are doing a great job....but there's theres the couple that seem to be pulling in the wrong direction...
I love that movie, but that ballroom scene still freaks me out.  I used to fast forward through it, that and the guys that could throw their body parts.  Besides, this is the best song in that movie:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvyNOg4jSRg
You couldn't give me the winning $900 million dollar lottery ticket to do that job.  Never, not even once.
Somehow when I first read that headline my mind went to them exiling people to the moon.  Like for crimes and such.  For a few moments there I was kinda freaked out. 
Yeah that's my reason too.
They will remove and reinstall the system for free if you need to work on the roof.
Maybe this one, hard to decide:

http://imgur.com/MJNjFBQ

Now that I think about it...all possible evidence points to god's will being pretty fucked up.  I mean people doing something that is gods will is almost always them doing something horrible.
Amazon has done this to me several times recently. Boxes at least 4 times bigger than needed.
As I understand it....wired charging is faster...maybe we should look into that.
I think you definitely hit some good points.  I think you're right part of the issue now is that internet echo chamber of hate on conspiracy theory. 
Ok sorta offtopic but what is that game that is playing at 2:28 (and a number of other times)? Its like some 3rd person..adventure? rpg? dungeon crawler looking thing.
Tomb raider was controversial when it came out and the developer made the excuse that (as it was one of the first 3rd person 3D games) paraphrased: "if he was going to look at someone's ass all day he wanted it to be a woman's".
It still wasn't the right decision.  He could have easily been hit by flying debris, he should have ducked into the truck bed.
People are so stupid...if the main character is a guy no one (except some of us) say anything.  Make the main character a woman and suddenly the only possible reason that could have happened is the film maker has some sort of "agenda" and (some) guys won't watch it or relate to it.

The majority of people in this world simply never grow up.  It's amazing and depressing.
1) So it seems like Astra was some sort of terrorist on Krypton....maybe she had some sort of good intentions behind evil methods?  It seems like that is being unveiled a piece at a time.

2) As super_slayer said he did some blew up some stuff and manipulated a guy into almost killing people to test Kara.  He also implied to Jimmy that he was going to do something to destroy Kara and Clark (among others).
This is why I am always very aware of where big trucks are and only get between them if I can maintain a large enough following distance for the one behind me to stop.  I definitely had a close call once, the one in front of me must have had no load because I could barely stop in time despite my following distance (they have some impressive brakes).  The truck behind me, was actually like 4 cars back but it still had to dive into the ditch to keep from crushing all of us.
I'd say you should.  She doesn't have much of a temper in the show, at least not that bad.  The show is definitely starting to come together.  They started off sort of throwing things at the wall to see what would stick and it seems like everything is getting more polished now.
I think I just saw his spirit momentarily separate from his body.
It's a very old mine (I believe over 100 years old) that has changed hands multiple times.  Documentation for it was very sketchy.  They were digging trying to find the mine border and thought they were in a safe part but they were wrong.
The 8 gig ram turns me off a good bit too.  Overall I really like the idea and have been looking for something like this since MSI created the GS30.  There's just too many compromises now though, as I actually do have a use for 16 gigs of RAM so I can't replace my desktop with something like this till that happens.
"Australian man" "Warning: Language",  redundant information.
I have no idea what I would use this for, but I need one.
At Bailey you're near Staunton State Park, there are nice views there and the trails vary from mild to moderate.  April could be a little cool there, but if you bring some microspikes or yaktraks you should be find.  If there is any snow/ice it will be well packed on the trails.

As you say near Denver I'm not sure if you're asking about places nearer Denver or near Bailey.  You can also try something like AllTrails.com, they have a good number of listings although I make guarantee as to the info.
This isn't creepy this is well beyond that.
Yeah I did the same, though now I'm on Project Fi...which uses Tmo but still I consider it an improvement.
They've already made somewhere in the order of a billion dollars in FO4 sales....I feel like they can spare some money on more voice actor time without doing away with voiced PCs.  I doubt the voice actors in video games are paid anything like actors in movies.  I would bet their cost is not a majority of the cost of development.  
Just tried it and it seems like the resolution kinda stinks, didn't spend a lot of time with it but not sure I'd use this on a day to day basis and be pleased with it.  Of course I'm not sure I have that much of a use for LINK either.
I dunno....we never really saw him killing the younglings right?  This could have been how it all went down.....
At least with fish mislabeling you are still (I believe) getting fish.  It may not be the fish they say you are getting but at least it's fish!
This is probably one of the most depressing things I've seen in a while.  I feel sorry for these people, though I feel more sorry for you for having had to live near them.
Yeah that happened for me too, I had the difficulty set at Very hard so even taking down a single super mutant was taking up most of my ammo (bullet sponges suck).  So I was like...nope....
Well more like they wanted them to be waiting for them when they returned.  Or so they could have sex before they left....or both.