>these natives have the Stranges language of any we have ever yet Seen.    they appear to us as though they had an Impedement in their Speech or brogue on their tongue.    **we think perhaps that they are the welch Indians, **

TIL Lewis & Clark were hilarious.
I think the question is how do you react quick enough to realize the ball is going to dart out of the zone and not swing?
He could have been talking about the cowboys o-line, that was too good a set up to pass on.
[That's weird, your grandpa told me your name was dicks. ](https://youtu.be/bSSMCHta5zI)
And much more commonly, customers would straight up break the machines with all sort of garbage that does not belong in a coin counter. Everyone I know that had to deal with them says their machines broke a couple times a year.
To piggy back on this, Keurig forcing DRM for coffee is a joke too. It's bad enough that they get rid of biodegradable coffee filters for their shitty plastic cups, but they have to be keurig-approved shitty plastic cups unless you trick the machine into approving everything.
Apparently they do that in areas where heroin use is rampant. I remember hearing about that being common in Seattle.
DiPietro's contract would still have 3 years left on it if he didn't retire.
Still think you guys should have been named the Krewe.
It would be hilarious if they were a Pels/Saints bar.
They closed Hallo Berlin across the street too =(
Nah vintage CC was a flamethrower that converted his extra power into rocket fuel for the his pitches. This is the new and improved finesse model who paints corners and changes speeds.
Thanks! I'll give it a listen this week.
We should erect a statue at the stadium in his honor when we finish the season 151-9. Our hatred of him is propelling this team to greatness.
Is famous Russian hockey player, Vanya Gretitski. They call him ze very very good one!
And then they 'retired' Dan Marino's #13 lol.
If political dramas have taught me one thing, it's how often people can set out to do one important thing, but in order to get the votes to get it done end up agreeing to a whole bunch of stupid shit.
>Narrative the whole time has been he was the 4th best qb prospect

And how many times have we seen the media's narrative being completely different from what the teams actually do?
Barry's Breakfast and Gold are both life changing.
>it gets you nowhere
And you throw up everywhere!
Anyone else disappointed they're not doing a Nintendo World Championship this year? I get that people love splatoon and smash but the compilation competitions were so much fun to watch.
>Nah but for real, it's crazy how he was booed back when he first came here.

Speak for yourself, I always loved King Dididi
You mean like the Redbulls did? They'll always be the NY/NJ Metrostars to me.
I'll still never understand why you guys got rid of the California in your name. The only team in the state to claim the whole thing and now you're named after the wrong city.
Makes sense since there are NJ and NY transplants all over the country.
Damnit, now I really wish someone asked Sterling Shepard about his sheep-herding techniques.
And that's what I'm saying. OTAs should be for the players that need extra help, or the leaders that want to put in the extra effort. You should be praised for going, not ridiculed for skipping. Implying that a player is more than welcome to skip, but they're going to be judged like he's lazy is bullshit.
Troof
Man I get that Eli Apple is a mama's boy, but this whole cooking thing is overblown. I bet there are plenty of guys that have never cooked a damn thing in their life because they went straight from mom's home cooking to a dining hall with an  all you can eat buffet. If you asked them if they can cook, they would probably say sure because it's not rocket science, but that doesn't mean Apple is somehow dumber than all other players in the league.
It always blows my minds that people are gung ho about players needing to go to OTAs. They're VOLUNTARY. It's the only good thing the NFLPA actually bargained for, and even then everyone shits on every player that skips them. [Coaches and team officials are prohibited from saying players have to attend, so why are we saying it for them?](https://deadspin.com/every-nfl-player-should-skip-otas-1795758600)
> I personally believe Japan wants DPRK to continue to destabilize the region because they are afraid of being surpassed economically by a peaceful Korean peninsula.

Given how the South is a leader in tech, it's certainly doable if they suddenly double in size and population, but it's going to take a long time to fully bring the North into the 21st century. Japan could make a killing if there are 25 million people who suddenly want new computers and electronics.
It doesn't really enhance the flavor, it just keeps a tiny stream of carbonation going even if the beer has been sitting and lost its head. Plus it looks neat.
FUCKING YES WITTEN2.0 DIDN'T GO TO DALLAS!!

wait...fuck
She's really funny...
IT'S A LINEBACKER!!!! This is the highest we've taken an LB since Clint Sintim went #45 in 2009.
And what was the one constant on our team over those 15 years? No great linebackers(except for Pierce). Thanks Jerry!
Which means he's on pace to be a grandfather this year, and a great grandpa at 57.
The only reason this doesn't surprise me is because I vividly remember watching him in the LLWS when I was like 9.
So because your mom didn't want you to feel pressured to conform to the norms of society, she forced you to not wear a bra. I wonder if she was aware of the irony lol.
Your mom didn't let you wear a bra? Wtf.
That's the first time I've seen an open wound censored in an article , and it was a pleasant surprise. An American paper would just have a warning about graphic content ahead.
Good. Shake up the system. NJ has dropped the ball on so many issues where they could have been leaders.
Boo-aker!
Where there's smoke, there's fire, and Cleveland is always good for a dumpster fire.
See that's the thing about revenge. It changes your perspective. Makes certain things more important than other. If he truly wants to fuck over Dallas I'm willing to take him on.
And Bryant???
> Nevada’s state colors are silver (for mining) and blue (for the state bird, the mountain bluebird, as well as the blue of Lake Tahoe).

And appropriately, it's also the University of Nevada's colors. Go Pack!

> That game really harkened back to a golden age of gaming for me.

That's a pretty good way to sum up my feelings too. It's charming, goofy, easy to pick up, and most importantly fun, but has just enough adult humor that you can't say it's just another kids game.
Could you imagine if it came out that Miami routinely does this shit? How the hell could you face your player if they find you directly cost them millions of dollars?
Just like a real game of golf. Completely fucked yourself over by hole 3? Good thing you have 15 more holes to dwell on how badly you screwed up!
And even though I want him, the only reason Zeke worked out so well was because they had maybe the greatest o-line in history already in place. We...do not have that.
I can't tell you how many time I've heard 'It's a fly ball...going back is Gardner, heeee makes the NO IT'S GONE!'
Clearly you never watched Eli during and immediately after the Plaxico days. His logic was basically 'chuck it super high so only Plax can possibly catch it'. Many balls were thrown so high a giraffe couldn't catch it.
We're moving towards a more automated society every day. It would be stupid not to give socialism a chance at this point.
So Sterling and Steiner (and occasionally Kay) used to share the booth with occasional notes from Kay in the clubhouse. For the most part they alternated the primary role every inning or every couple innings. So it's game7 of the 2003 world series. 10th inning, and it's Steiner's turn. [As we all know,Aaron Boone won the game on the first pitch of the at bat](https://youtu.be/T-8aa1nRRTc?t=31s). Steiner almost missed the call because an ad ran long and he had to cut off Sterling's introduction of him for the inning. I'm not sure if it was ever confirmed that Sterling was annoyed, but in incredibly cringey fashion, Sterling ruined the moment with his ballgame over routine, and Steiner joined in on the very end to get a nice chorus of YANKEES WIN. [Here's a neat video of Steiner talking about the call.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxfRduFgebw)

The next year, Steiner was out. We've had Suzyn ever since. Sterling desperately needs someone to balance him out during these games and call a couple innings. Suzyn has been getting better, but that's never been her role. She just gives him more ammo to drivel on and on about instead of providing any counterpoint to anything he sayd.
Yeah about that...[North Korea is completely incapable of testing nukes anymore](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2018/apr/26/north-korea-nuclear-test-site-collapse-may-be-out-of-action-china). Draw your own conclusions.
Nah, the dream team was Sterling, Kay and Steiner. And then someone's ego had to get in the way and ruin yankee radio forever...
I meeeeean....
It's the #1 word the right uses to make their base scared. Because socialist = communist and that's *BAD*. They're completely fucking brainwashed from the cold war, yet many of them seem to think Putin is A-OK.
Glad someone posted this. I prefer to keep the big one in though because there's sometimes extra satisfying to sucking meat off the bone. Makes me feel like a caveman.
Ranch is where Buffalo live, not where they bathe.
Genny is the only tolerable beer that comes in 30 racks.
I saw like 5 speed traps today between 287 and 18.
...you can't accept a thumb drive?
Would I rather be feared or loved? [Both](https://youtu.be/Y7DlcT4Ctb0)
An this is why I wrote an essay back in college about how you hate us more than you like your own team.
Make it a career AA guy just so he can revel in the fact that he was traded for a big leaguer.
Oh god, thank you for reminding me about Wind Waker. I was playing it for a couple months, just got the super awesome sail that changes wind automatically, and just stopped playing. That was a month ago, any longer and I would have forgot about it completely.

Sucks that they got rid of miiverse for the wiiu version, those bottles were wonderful.
Gamefaqs has everything you need, and most importantly, different guides for the same game. I had the player's guide for Ocarina of TIme but could not for the life of me beat the Forest Temple. Why? Because I didn't know you had to shoot the Poe sisters in the paintings, and though [the guide explained you have to shoot the paintings](https://archive.org/stream/Nintendo_Players_Guide_N64_Legend_of_Zelda_Ocarina_of_Time#page/n73/mode/2up), there was no mention that the sisters vanished if you got too close. So here I was with these useless empty portraits wondering how to get them to show up. 5 YEARS LATER I decided to give it another try, and I saw one of them entirely by luck, and realized how I fucked up.
[Hugs](https://media.giphy.com/media/3M4NpbLCTxBqU/giphy.gif)

I'm a Nets fan so I know your pain.
Yup, I proudly wear my #65 2009 jersey every time I go to the stadium!
Immediately retire the team and pro sports in Vegas with a perfect record. Resurrect them again in 50 years just to fuck with the league.
I like to imagine that he intentionally whiffs on every pitch down the middle that won't result in a strikeout just to fuck with the charts.
Could you imagine? Trout murders everything anyone pitches...except for fastballs down main street. 
[I...guess?](https://media.giphy.com/media/Ow59c0pwTPruU/giphy.gif)
A year ago I'd say that was Jeterian, but I think that term now applies to completely dismantling a franchise.
He didn't even flip the bat, he just released it and it flipped on its own. Dude makes everything around him turn to swag.
I'm always going to say if we lose in the playoffs I want it to be to you guys. You've suffered long enough, and we've been insanely mean to you guys. Plus you have my favorite former Yankee.
You're definitely not alone in that one.
There are some giants fans who think we need to get rid of him. We call them morons.
It was Phantoon, don't remember if he was the first or second boss. Pretty sure that was the risk they were willing to take with the low percentage ice run. I just didn't understand why they didn't let them restart since they died so quickly at the same spot. Just start them all at the same time again in a run for second.
Quiche Hernandez
Could've saved it with a Mc...chill
Remember when pundits thought his west coast offense would help Eli? An offense built around short passes, because there was no offensive line. This when Eli's forte was always chucking it because he had protection. But let's not build up the line, just give him more weapons to throw quick passes to! 

Nothing about the McAdoo era made any goddamn sense.
So then hit it up last on your way back home from Seaside!
Plus, everyone knows the only way to get Donald to heal you is to heal yourself first.
You can start at Icarus before hitting Rinn Duin!
Motherfucker ended Eli's Ironman streak *because he thought Geno Smith gave us a better shot to win.*
I know it set the stage for profound disappointment 2 weeks later, but I'll never forget sitting on my grandparents' couch, watching big blue thoroughly embarrassing that great Vikings team led by Culpepper and Moss 41-0 in the 2000 NFC championship game.
Living through that in the dorms at UMass was one of the best college memories I could ask for. I had a celebratory jump hug with a stranger in the hallway, then immediately locked myself in my room  My friends unsuccessfully tried to hogtie me and parade me around after the Sox won the world series. I wasn't taking any chances lol.
And frankly, I'm sure some team would salivate at the chance to pick up 1st round talent for a 6th. Never a bad time to give a shot to a potential diamond in the rough. I hope he works out for someone else. He may not be the unbeatable LT we wanted, but he doesn't deserved to get drawn and quartered like he is in the NY media.
>Minority Democrats voted as a block on Monday against the measure, preventing an **emergency clause** from being tacked onto legislation changing how members of Congress who die or resign are replaced.

How many times are politicians going to try to sneak their agenda into bills as an 'emergency' measure?
I used to not buy any concessions at the theater (maybe smuggle in a box of candy), but now that I have Moviepass I feel like I can justify buying some popcorn.
One of my favorite customers' wife passed away about a year ago, and his health immediately took a turn. He's been getting worse and worse for about a year now and his son is basically taking care of him full time now. There are some widows and widowers that live a decade or two past their partners, but sometimes it's just too much for them to bear. It's kind of like how people are more likely to die around holidays or landmark birthdays. Once you lose the thing you've been pushing so hard to live for, it must get easier to let go . =(
I don't think it's unreasonable to ask for a specific brand of a product. If I order a Boston Lager and all they have is Budweiser, I'll respectfully pass. Theyre both lagers, but no bar would ever give you a Bud and pretend it's Sam Adams.
Half the trees haven't bloomed in NJ yet, it's like watching a doomsday clock slowly tick down to my inevitable demise.
But I don't want Case's or Trenton or store brand. I want Taylor.
He's so ready for Kevin to lay some truth on him, the look of profound disappointment/sadness when he finds out Kevin is actually an idiot is perfect.
Especially one without a headphone jack.Loving my new X4, and now my Nexus 6 is my phablet for streaming at home!
Wait a sec...can we all just call it Taylor then? I mean when I go to the bagel shop, I order a Taylor, egg and cheese, and I'm sure many of you do too.
Taylor John's Pork Ham
You forgot the best facepalm of all, seems she believes that because she made her 6 year old daughter watch Grey's anatomy, her daughter will become a surgeon. And she's proud not of the fact that it's a very difficult career path to take, but because she will hypothetically make tons of money. All because mommy likes ER drama.
https://media1.tenor.com/images/f9fed544cfb79a94d1d37a66ccaea5fb/tenor.gif?itemid=5628502
It looks like you have about 2000 extra nas in there but upvoted regardless.
Remember when he honored the Navajo code talkers in front of the Andrew Jackson portrait?
Didn't he say as much himself like a week into the job?
[*Kitten Mittons ](https://youtu.be/22O6Nmjt-mw)
Yeah I know, just commenting on a great name. That was on the table for the Golden Knights a few years ago too.
Not sure if serious, but the affiliate is just changing. Never made sense for the Mets to have a team in Vegas anyway.
Aces works great because it's obviously a card, but Nellis Air Force base is also right there so it's a nod to pilots. That's why dealers would work so well for a baseball team, because pitchers deal too!
Pupae sitting. Brilliant.
>Ben Solo - you're the last hope. 

Aaaaand he killed his father. Dick.
The Mongols basically taught Russia how to Russia.
My guess is the yellow dye is made with lemon zest.
I'm ok with that.
You have died of dysentery.
They could make a killing selling those in Cincy.
The only sport where it's technically possible to win every single game for a month and a half and still come out with the worst record in history. Incredible sample size means anything is possible!
Thanks for that. Looking into their website, they have an entire hate map that shows where all the recognized hate groups are located in the country. [All 954 of them.](https://www.splcenter.org/hate-map)
Honest question: I see the neo-nazis were labeled as a hate group What exactly does that entail? How does the Southern Poverty Law Center distinguish them as a separate group from the rest of those racist bastards? Do they get put into a database as a warning to town halls across the country or something?
[And this glorious interview actually happened](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0jne_g5IO4)
>Leakers = hi~~s own yes-~~m~~en~~ -> him

He's the leaker. He can't stop talking.
For reference, the 6-8 slot on NBC in the NYC area is as follows:

6-News 4 NY

6:30-NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt

7-George to the Rescue (rerun)

7:30-1st Look (rerun)

But starting the first game at 2 would be madness!!
Yo soy dirt bicicleta
Could be a transplant living in Massachusetts. That's Boone's legal name up there.
In just about any other sport it would be 100% correct.
For real. It would be cool for Amazon to come into Newark and revitalize the area but we should not be bending the rules for a company that treats people like dirt.
I think it's the opposite. Hue *is* the process. Most coaches look at the Browns and think, well this is a rough situation but maybe we can steal a couple wins and instill a positive attitude in the clubhouse. Get these guys to love each other and work towards something greater than themselves.

Hue isn't about that life. He's there to lose, and lose at all costs. All NFL teams have enough talent to back their way into at least a couple wins. Hue was told to lose, so *damnit he's going to lose.*
Sorry, I know rules don't mean anything anymore but I was always taught to use " for direct quotes and ' for summaries or inexact quotes. Didn't mean to be confusing!
I was paraphrasing but yeah. He acts like everything he touches becomes his own creation. Unless it's bad, then it's someone else's idea. This was someone else's idea until it worked, so now it's his.
Everyone is a SB contender in April!
Or maybe different people find different things attractive? People don't exist on a hierarchal scale of attractiveness and suitability  lol.
Or maybe he doesn't want to worry about football in his free time. Nothing wrong with keeping your work life and personal life separate. If she doesn't give a shit about football, that might be a relief for him.
And frankly, it's not unheard of for power couples to live their own lives 90% of the time and spend the other 10% unwinding with each other. It's gotta be hard to find someone who can relate to you and treat you like a normal person when you're wildly successful. 
Considering they both had good teams already built, it really did make sense. That Eagles team probably would have made the playoffs regardless of their QB last year, but Wentz got them that #1 seed. He put them in a position where they could win with his backup, and that's exactly what they did.
Man I remember that like it was yesterday. Never seen a fanbase flip from 'trust the process' to FUCK THE PROCESS so quickly. 1-31 will do that to ya though...
>Welcome to hell, Eagles fans.

>Lets drink together.


From the comments, it looks like it was a Rams fan commiserating on how they both mortgaged their futures for QBs. I guess it's actually pretty nice in Hell.
It's the exact same thing, and it's terrifying. You know what's even scarier though?

>Wylie added that the only foreign politician tested at that time was Russian President Vladimir Putin, and Cambridge Analytica found that right-leaning Americans had surprisingly favorable views of him.

>“The only foreign thing we tested was Putin,” Wylie told the Post. “It turns out, there’s a lot of Americans who really like this idea of a really strong authoritarian leader and people were quite defensive in focus groups of Putin’s invasion of Crimea.”

A lot of these people are the same boomers that feared Russia so much that the mere mention of socialism = communism = Soviet Russia = BAD. It's insane that the same people like a dictator who makes moves to reunite the USSR and [is managing to convince his people it's a good idea](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/06/29/in-russia-nostalgia-for-soviet-union-and-positive-feelings-about-stalin/)
This is exactly right. To trump, it's not a matter of did he do something illegal or not. In his head everyone is guilty of something, it's just a matter of who is loyal and who will betray him. He's a crime boss, and not a very good one.
>“A couple of you are a little marginal about this, but I came up with this expression, it’s called ‘drain the swamp,’ right, drain the swamp. And I hated it, I hated it. And it was a speech during the campaign, and it was a term that was actually given to me, usually like to think them up myself, but this was given to me — which bothered me too. I never like that.

>But they had this expression ‘drain the swamp.’ And I hated it, I thought it was so hokey. I said, ‘that is the hokiest, give me a break, I am embarrassed to say it.’ And I was in Florida where 25,000 people were going wild, and I said, ‘and we will drain the swamp’ — the place went crazy. I couldn’t believe it. And then the next speech I said it again and they went even crazier. ‘We will drain the swamp… we will drain the swamp,’ and every time I said it I got the biggest applause. And after four or give times I said, boy what a great expression, I love saying it, it’s amazing.”


'A couple years ago I came up with an expression, and I hated it because actually I didn't come up with it, some other people did and it was so cheesy. Personally I thought it was stupid, but for some reason people loved when I said it, so after a month I started to love it too!'

Just in case you ever wonder about trump contradicting himself just remember, words mean nothing to him. Drain the swamp wasn't a platform. It was just a phrase that got applause, and nothing matters but ratings. All those people that voted for him specifically because he was going to shake up the system and end corruption were directly lied to.
I'd name my cemetery Dampé's Inferno.
Normally I think it would be silly to think a running back could revolutionize the linebacker position, but he *is* from Penn State....
Can confirm. He moves faster than everyone else in Tecmo Super Bowl.
And then seemingly naming your son after your make believe hype man.
>Very impressive for a 23 year old

Wtf he's 23!?
I was gonna say I'm surprised African American Catholic wasn't on here, but there's my county! (Essex)
Wait *that's* what this meme is talking about?? Wtf is wrong with people?
Thank you for reiterating why the two party system is a sham. Never forget how many Republicans backed Roy Moore despite the fact that he's a known pedophile, because 'at least he's not a Democrat'. The parties should be different schools of thought, each with something to teach each other, and right now everything is binary.
Joey Thanos
Magnify is great, can't speak for Troon but I hear good things. Lots of great places down the shore too, like Cape May and Ludlum Island.
Don't dismiss how close the entire state of NJ is to the city! Carton, Cypress, Kane, Twin Elephant, and one of the top craft beer bars in the country, Cloverleaf Tavern are all about ah hour from NYC depending on which way you go.
Worth visiting for their pretzels alone!
Or Wormtown.
I went to SD for the first time with my fiance a couple years ago. We went primarily for the zoo, but I quickly discovered I was in Beer Mecca. What an awesome city.
Barkley runs for 300 yards to make up for it.
Yet
I was gonna say that looks similar to the surgery I had on my ingrown toenail. Doctor froze it and cut off the side of the nail down to the bed so the edge can't grow back.
Felt like you had as many blocks as Vasy had saves.
Didn't see that, thanks.
Wait for real? The only one in the tri state I even know about is next to the Ed Sullivan Theater.
Except for when he thought the interference was a goal, but who knows what is what with these refs.
Anyone not watching he said
Lots of soft icing too, and the refs aren't calling it.
Headphones my dude
Let's not hate on The Reverend when he actually shows up for a change.
Holy shit I just realized you guys know what Taylor Ham is because of Publix.
Arguably our best pp we had 0 shots on goal. Lots of blocks, deflections and wide shots.
Fuck that's terrible.
That's awesome.
False. NJ has hosted the PGA Championship and US Open twice each. Florida has only hosted the Championship twice,never the Open.
And thanks to the stupid playoff formats it's going to be insanely difficult to play each other in the playoffs ever again!
It's like Messi on ice, good god.
3 breakaways. 0 good shots
And once again I'm glad I'm watching on MSG.
I'm certainly ready to lose another couple years off my life due to stress.
I blame the flyers for preventing us from taking a shot at the Pens.
Can we please fucking agree that balls are off limits in a game with skates and blades?
Fucking hell that was just one period? It felt like an eternity.
You have the guy that slashed at someone's jewels and Coleman is the one with bullshit...ok
Thank you for mentioning Devils Rangers, but Rags Flyers should be up there as well. It sparks a fight in the stands seemingly every game.
It's also Canadian for 'K
I'm so glad I was never good enough to experience that bullshit.
Obligatory fuck billy king.
Welp I guess I'll stick with black cherries going forward then.
Power plays with fresh legs are pretty tough to defend.
I would assume a player or two would be involved.
I think that answer depends on 2 things.

1. Are the giants going all in to win this year (i.e. drafting Barkley)

2. Does his desire for revenge outweigh the desire to get paid?

And point 2 can be alleviated a little by NY marketing deals.
I mean isn't that basically Tony Siragusa on the sidelines?
Thank you. *Thaaaaank youuuuu.*
The joke is that he is let Russians into the oval office by themselves, and he doesn't get why they're laughing.
Definitely. I'm a Yankee fan but the Mets have us beat in broadcasting and everything about their stadium.
I

HATE

YOU

HATE

I

HATE

YOU *LOVE ME*
When you do things right, people won't be sure you did anything at all.
Good bot
The Devils and Nets may not have a lot of success in the last decade but damn do we have great broadcasting teams.
[TIME TO SPIN THE WHEEL!! ](http://www.nhlwheelofjustice.com)
For Yards I'd recommend the Chocolate Love Stout. Heaven in a glass.
> New Jersey has 2,375,773 unaffiliated voters, 2,139,201 Democrats and 1,247,740 registered Republicans, according to the latest Division of Election numbers. There are another 37,437 registered voters in seven other party affiliations.

That's exactly why we should do away with closed primaries. My parents generally vote democrat for everything, but don't want ads in the mail from candidates so they don't bother with primaries.

Renounce your ties with Lou and we'll talk.
It's been more a changing of the guard than a rebuild.
I hope Nova does well over there.
> He got fired because the team was rebuilding and the GM wanted a ~~new, analytical minded manager in place~~ pawn whose roster moves he coud dictate from the front office .

Yes, analytics where a big part of it, but Cash wanted to be the one to make the shots. Joe would never let that fly, he knows hist team better than anyone sitting in the owner's box. That's why he brought in coaching greenhorn and ESPN analyst Aaron Boone rather than a guy who has been in the dugout for the past couple years.
This is why unsubstantiated tweets are completely meaningless and we should ignore them. If Gronk gets traded, this guy will claim he called it. If he doesn't get traded, then he will say 'the situation changed' and pretend like nothing happened.

As long as people keep retweeting and making a big deal over claims from 'sources' we're going to have more and more misinformation.
THIS ISNT A FEVER!!
I agree, but then again I have no idea what his trade value is right now. Can we assume he's still the force he was last year? He has been out of commission for so long, this seems like the worst possible time for SA to try and trade him.

Obviously the market will determine his worth, but any deal for him seems insanely risky.
A couple years ago, the Nets put up the Ebbets Field flagpole at the corner of Atlantic Ave and Flatbush Ave in front of Barclays center.
Wow, i didn't even realize the circles and dots were the free throw markers until I saw this. The proportions are so whacky on the new court.
Oh man, I'll never forget being in Toys R Us in 96 and playing Panzer Dragoon. The only time I ever even seen a single game from the series in the wild, I'd love to see them get some love.
Working up the nerve the go to a game/concert by yourself is such a fulfilling thing to do. You have so much more freedom when you don't have to coordinate every action with someone else. 
Bad bot
He never seemed like a particularly *bad* coach, and I don't remember their defense ever being as vulnerable under him as it has been the past couple years. That might be the fault of the coordinators, but it ultimately falls on the HC to be on top of his coaches.
Yeah that was dumb. To be fair I've never actually met a Wade in real life
That is not a good way to remember how to spell believe if you don't know about the second e.
OK hold the fuck up. You can't have a recipe for meatballs that starts with pre-made meatballs! Blasphemy!
Ben McAdoo prefers miracle whip.
Playoffs?
I'll tell you what though, even in Cleveland, [Bill knew how to make a mean pb&j](https://youtu.be/zOaGkPXn9LQ)
Meanwhile you let Wade ~~Davis~~  Phillips go and he's back to being an amazing coordinator.
That first picture caught the beginning of the tea stream in mid-air. That's awesome.
My 7:24 train from Orange didn't arrive until 8:30 last night and I almost missed the show I was going to. Good times.
I think those were the same assholes who protested at the Polar Bear Plunge at Seaside. Everyone basically ignored or heckled them.
I know the feeling
> Dude I do t get why people like Philly on here where they are our divisonal rival  and gotten the most hype out of an unproven team

Because one or both of us have been bad since the early 2000s. There's never a distinct rivalry in recent memory. We don't have the playoff series where these rivalries grow (Boston and Toronto in particular). I think the sixers could end up being a big rival of ours once our young players start to hit their stride in a year or two.
Unfortunately given the stories I hear every couple weeks at my bank, that's almost exclusively who fraudsters target.
Why in the world do you want Dez to stay in the division!?
This is the first time I've ever seen him referred to as Jackson. I've only ever heard people call him LAMAR JACKSON.
I'm going to see a new dentist. His name is...Crentist.
Poland?
I'd say this is more awesome taste but shit execution. The side with the 4 beams coming up... 1. Looks awful 2. Is just waiting for you to trip on in/stub your tow on if/bust open your head of you trip anywhere near it. 3. Seems looks like the concrete is going to crumble all over the damn place.
I use them almost exclusively to buy new albums.
Guinness - 10

Dogfish Head Indian Brown-7

Gaslight Bison Brown-5

Dogfish Head 90 Minute, Long Trail Ale, Captain Lawrence Liquid Gold, Kane Head High, Demented Astarte, Murphy's Irish Stout, Allagash White, Carton of Milk Stout, and Harpoon IPA-4 each
Branch Brook is fine. Go in the afternoon and get some dirty water dogs from Tony's. Best way to celebrate spring.
I see Shaq in commercials every day. He must be doing really well for...oh nvm
Hear, hear!
All he needs to do is average 36.6 points per game and he'll be Andre 3000.
Imagine if they announce GameCube emulation and kick everything off with with Melee...
Considering how many times we've seen games 'leaked' by retailers accidentally listing games for preorders, I don't think it's unrealistic to think Nintendo has shared some details with execs in the industry. After all, they have ads, promotions and marketing materials to work on, and Nintendo will want those out the day the games are announced.
It's not just a matter of likability. The one thing Marks has prioritized over everything is character. This is a guy who has [a highlight reel of dirty plays](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcEq7xhxD4g). Who knows, maybe he can do something to woo the front office and convince them that he's turned a new leaf, but you can't argue with the past. Why even risk it?
> I'll be rooting for yall to get a top pick next year. 

Appreciate the support, but fuck top picks, I'm rooting for the both of us to be in the playoff hunt next year!
Holy cow I forgot that was basically confirmed.
>Nintendo might be one of the most interesting presentations IMO simply because they had a goal to sell 20 million switches in 2018 and they really need to have some big games coming out for the second half of the year to own the holiday season once again.

[If gamestop is to be believed](http://www.siliconera.com/2018/04/09/gamestop-ceo-hints-many-unannounced-titles-nintendo-switch/), Nintendo might be ready for a hell of an e3
I just assume every video Justin makes is as sick as Doc and Mharty.
Nah that's the Snoopy bowl.
But that means you guys can't have kelly green helmets, which you totally should be able to. I think the easy solution would be to have a game helmet and a practice helmet, but hey, what do I know?
I don't think she's a copy of Aoi in any way. They're both sporty, but Hina is naive and derpy. Akane is a badass itching for a fight, even though she's aloof and sometimes oblivious. Her relationship with Nekomaru is way more involved than from anything Hina had with anyone.
Same here. I forgot rule #1 on HQ-When in doubt, go with the answer that makes the least sense/doesn't fit in with the rest.

Fucking birds nest soup...
This was a question on HQ like 2 days ago! Either this is a more common cause of confusion than I thought or OP is a quick artist.
Stupid flightless imaginary bird!
Bob Loblaw no habla Español
Better than Sleep Train Arena, which used to be Arco Arena in Sacramento.
You can always put on 3 sweaters and a jacket when it's freezing. You can't do shit when it's over 100 with no cloud cover except pray for air conditioning.
That went to right field it would be in the Delaware River.
We are all Crabbe people on this blessed day.
I'd guess someone tagged it as a tribute to Doki Doki Literature Club.
It thinks it's part of New England but it's basically the bastard child of NY and Massachusetts.
Right, the difference is in states where liquor licenses aren't a fucking joke like NJ, pretty much every corner store, gas station or supermarket has at least some beer available.
I think we need to win out and the Knicks need to lose out for us to secure #9. We play the Celtics and the Knicks play the Cavs twice, so the fate of the pick is entirely in Cleveland's hands.
Crabbe has 29!?
And robbed at the last minute. #JusticeforKustoc
Homeward BounDepot
The Implication should really be a Stephen King novel, but somehow Goosebumps seems more appropriate.
I just got a Moto X4 and the first time I took the pictures with it I stared at the screen for the good 30 seconds wondering what happened. Why did everything stop? Why is there a tiny picture on my screen? Oh wait it took a picture *the second I clicked the button*!? What a concept!

Still keep my 6 as a tiny tablet though. Love that thing.
Because while the company itself may not have such views, the people who determine what actually goes in a jewel case or not are the managers who may have their own agendas to fill.

The CVS's in bad neighborhoods near me have the electronics and razors locked up. Maybe it just varies by region, idk.
We have a skills contest champion, that's gotta count for something!
Is it me, or does he play the same role in every movie? Guy who is going to teach the main character how to get by in a rough and tumble world.
Maybe Lando teaches Han how to be a slick, conniving son of a btich.
I thought he looked like a cross between Poe and Benicio Del Toro.
They should teleconference everyone in for the last 2 games to settle this.
Yeah, basically.
The irony is that those tiny packs are the ones kids steal anyway, because you can actually pocket those and run.
I'm betting this is somewhere in the south where they're trying to make it as difficult as possible for kids to buy condoms. Because people really think that will stop them from fucking like bunnies, when really it just makes them more likely to get pregnant at 15.
When players go to the media you don't expect them to go full Bayless. Tiki pretty much did that.
Lots if love for Mahomes, but none for Kareem Hunt? He put up a damn impressive rookie season, I'm excited to see what he can do if KC's passing attack takes a step up.
I've said it before but I'll say it again. If his intensity means every 60 yard TD comes with an unsportsmanlike penalty, I'll take it. He's such an insane talent, we should be embracing him, not looking for reasons to get rid of him.
That's what happens when we grow up with the technology to research anything we want at a moments notice. If something sounds wrong, we look it up and say 'no that's wrong'.
I told my fiancée it would be absolutely pathetic if they managed to blow it with the bases loaded and nobody out. Took them a minute to show just how pathetic it would be. Amazing.
I really hated how they made Days of Ruin all gritty and dark. The charm of Advance Wars was how goofy and colorful it was, while you led troops into battle. It made no sense, and that's why it was brilliant. Days of Ruin was just another post apocalyptic war game amongst a sea of them.

[That soundtrack though, holy shit. ](https://youtu.be/T5OhOKkHn3Q)
If this is supposed to be a tech demo for King Knight, it makes sense that they'd spend more time demonstrating new mechanics and leaving secrets in place rather than 100%ing the levels. Makes you want to go and find out what's in that false wall.
I'd believe this but he was already off the mound when he pointed in the air.
It's especially funny to me because my school was pretty close Newark and there were actual gangs that caused trouble in the district. The school never had any restrictions on clothes because nobody is going to assume you're in the bloods if you're wearing a red sweatshirt. That's not how it works.
[NO TOUCHING! ](https://youtu.be/_LEJ6tZI7_k)
66 dimes the past 2 games.
And even if it did destroy the siege cannon, then what? The First Order gives up and the last of the resistance gets to live in their new not so secret base forever? It would have been idiotic for Finn to sacrifice himself like that.
Rose may not have been the best character but she did prevent the stormtrooper who defected from needlessly killing himself, which more than than likely would have been completely on vain. Finn is much more valuable to the resistance alive than dead.
Those people get *nothing*. THEY LOSE! GOOD DAY SIR!
2-4 to be exact.
YOU ARE BLACK STANLEY!!
[Howard](https://comicvine.gamespot.com/forums/battles-7/batman-robin-vs-geese-howard-123 37/
)
They have *NINE* kids.
But what's he supposed to do in that situation? If he didn't receive the ball immediately after gettting in position, I'd say it's a bullshit call but I don't think he was trying to hurt Didi. It was a bang-bang play.
That's one of the best plate blocks I've ever seen. Nothing Didi can do about that.
I'd lose my shit if we managed to steal the next Scott Stevens.
Still bold words, but then Parise was never in the mix for the Hart.
Tavares makes his way down the island and across the river.
I think it's safe to say they *fell* for each other.

And the refs called an offensive foul on the moment.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!?
If you ever see Left Hand Nitro stout, they instruct you not to shake the beer, but pour it 'hard', upside down and vigorously. That might be what you're thinking of.
Holy cow I picked up the hell of a time to check this out for the first time. Congrats!!
Just don't win and let everything work itself out. Please don't win.
2 games coming up with the Bulls, and we have an understanding with them when it comes to late season wins and losses.
This is what peak performance looks like.
[douche chilllllll](https://imgur.com/r/all/2OGXHqP)
Fuck that, I want home ice advantage in round 1.
Hold onto your butts Eastern conference. We're back.
Which is why if I see pork roll on the menu I ask if it's Taylor Ham, and if it's something else I pass. If I go to a bar and ask for a Guinness, I'm going to be pissed if someone gives me a Bud light. It's no different with Taylor ham. No waiter or waitress will assume you want a Pepsi if Coke isn't available. They tell you, 'we have Pepsi, is that OK?'
Isn't bluejacket right there too?
Look you're allowed to ask for pork roll. You're also allowed to receive an inferior product. To some of us, Taylor Ham is the only pork roll worth ordering,so why wouldn't I ask for the brand?
It was a stupid analogy to begin with, but this is just going to make him look even worse. His intent could have been completely reasonable, but have you ever said something that was taken the wrong way, and looks even worse when you try to explain it? He's gone 2 steps past that now. You have to just let these things die, you can't transform something like that into a well intentioned quote.
That #7 pick should end up being #8 by next week. We have a gentleman's agreement with Chicago. Hopefully the Knicks lose out too. It's really just best for everyone involved.
Seriously, you tag Hoskins and the inning is over. What a bone headed mistake.
They're not saying boo, they're saying Boo-urns!
Where do you go to school? I need to make sure I avoid its cafeterias.
To be fair, what are the odds that two guys named Kareem and Akeem Hunt played the same position on the same team?
Don't forget

Energy secretary - Once said he wanted to get rid of the energy department.

HUD- Has the word urban in it so let's give it to my black friend.
Just had a Say Hay Sally at Citi Field tonight. Damn fine ballpark brew. I may be a Yankee fan, but beer is just one of many things Citi does better than the house that George built.
>I expect the same 40,000 people that were booing stanton to cheer for him the hardest when he crushes a ball into the 2nd deck of left field. That's Baseball in the Bronx, it's always been that way and probably always will be that way.

That's called 'attaining true Yankee status'. It's one of the dumbest Bronx traditions, but at least the players seem to understand it. That's why the new Yankees always talk about how you need to earn the fans' love, but it feels so good once they get there.

The only Yankee I ever truly disliked was Kyle Farnsworth.
I will never boo Cano for getting paid. Love that guy and still hate that we opted to bring in Ellsbury over him.
[*King*. Dididi](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/spritechronicles/images/4/4d/Kingdedede.png/revision/latest?cb=20101023164849)
I mean you've already done it once. How hard could it be?
Can't really argue against that. I only played the DS version but I guess olde english Frog would look as weird to me as normal speaking frog would to those who only played the SNES versioin.
It's weird seeing people defend the SNES version vs the DS version. DS has the cutscenes from the playstation version without the load times. It's the best of both worlds. Are people really that loyal to a less thorough translation?
I'm pretty sure attendance played a part in Moneyball 1 too.
Suddenly I understand why Wingull evolves into Pelipper.
Real g's move in silence like lasagna
Can we get a power ranking on best benchemistry in the league?
>oppaisite

[HaHA! Not to scale!](https://yt3.ggpht.com/a-/AJLlDp1qAJP-l196brWRSNg6ywAGfyqKqvN4kW270Q=s900-mo-c-c0xffffffff-rj-k-no)
Goddamn right you crossed that out.
[How come some mountains look like presidents? ](https://youtu.be/DvwBMucHJEY)
is a pawn for the front office.
Cashman wanted someone to control so he could dictate the lineup.
But they're in addition to all the other 'normal' beers available at the brewery. Brewing a limited batch of a strong beer isn't going to make it more difficult to buy everything else. It's not like they're only offering 3 varieties at $10 a pint.
I hope diners have shop rite brand pork roll just for you.
>I love the poorly educated

[An actual quote from the carrot in chief. ](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/02/24/donald-trump-nevada-poorly-educated/80860078/)
Wasn't that flattering bill of health part of the reason he was given the position too? Trump probably considered it an act of loyalty, and gave him a promotion he saw fitting for a doctor, just like how I'm sure he decided Ben Carson would be great for HUD because urban = black in his twisted mind.
And that fade away in the end of the 4th was no gimme either.
[...My grandma drank all my pot ](https://youtu.be/FxyBUJ-hfRg)
Jordan of course.
I never knew he was related to Sweet Dee.
How close was ball 3? Gametracker makes it look like that should have got Smoker out of the inning.
The Amazon drivers by me don't know how my apartment complex works. I was watching this guy drive around in circles for 20 minutes trying to find me, and eventually had to flag him down. They could also stand to be a little more delicate with my packages. I know their delivery service is in its infancy, but cmon.
They may be helping but Amazon has their own competing delivery service which is...questionable at best. Don't get me wrong, they're fast. But it's pretty concerning when your delivery driver is about as familiar with your neighborhood as the pizza boy across town.
Trisnekatops
I hope there weren't any hop ons.
Dude this is why people hate us.
Goes to show that in the MLB's eyes, the minors are there strictly to be development hubs, and competition is not the primary focus.

Kinda sucks for those career AA and AAA players, and the fanbases of those teams. Sure, some of those fans are probably fans of the parent team, but there are definitely a good amount of minor league fans who don't give a damn about the parent organization.
I wonder what this chart would look like if you took out the biggest contracts for each team.
I'd assume all spots have their fair share of stupid injuries, but they just get buried among the regular physical trauma that happens on a regular basis like broken arms, torn ACLs and concussions.
Someone is going to hit a home run in their first at bat, and for one brief, fleeting moment, he will be on pace to hit 500+ homers.
Is he really though? If you take a look at his stats since the 2016 draft, [I'm not sure he actually exists.](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/H/HackCh01.htm)
But on the bright side, they are mandated to get Vlad Jr.
At least we get more Joe and Evan. It's crazy, but in a year they've gone from the show  in between the morning show and Mike to arguably the best show on the station

I disagree with a lot of what they say, but they absolutely nail the 'average fan' dynamic, with sometimes wacky predictions, and more importantly never taking themselves too seriously.
These are the same people who hate any kind of celebration, bemoan how much the game has changed in the past 40 years, and whine about how people aren't playing the game 'the right way' (whatever the hell that means). Their favorite argument against Odell is that his outbursts and emotion are evidence that he 'doesn't get it' and the penalties he takes completely undo any 60 yard TDs he may be responsible for.

Maybe I'm crazy, but if Beckham's ungodly talent is going to carry a 50% chance of a penalty every time he scores, I think that's still an easy pill to swallow. I mean damn, his 3 TDs in 4 games put him in 3rd place on the team in scoring last year. That's pathetic.
Do you guys get Giants games on FOX when the Pats aren't  on the network? I remember getting almost all of their games in western Mass.
So basically you're the super villain governor who created [monument beach ](https://theinfosphere.org/images/4/45/Monument_Beach_2.jpg)
One of the Mets pitchers will miss significant time.

The Yankees will be among the top 5 in the league in lineup changes.
Everyone has a price tag, and Beckham's is insanely high

*As it should be*
Holy shit we held Gordon to 3 boards!?

>Vucevic: 14 revounds

Ahh that's more like it.
You mean the draft class that we're acquiring everyone from?

Yes please.
I don't think they'd pull the trigger that quickly. We don't know the extend of control they have over the grid, and right now the fear of knowing something like this could be possible may be all they want. If they show their hand and it ends up not being a big a deal as we suspect it could be, then we have evidence of a Russian 'attack' on the country, and would probably be able to trace its origins. If they do nothing, the fear of what they *could* do would still hang over everyone's heads.
Yeah, because apparently the recut [has been complete for over a year ](https://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2016/08/arrested-development-season-4-re-edit.html).
Isn't Ron Howard working on an official re-cut of season 4 in chronological order?
It's funny to think about how that would have affected Melo's legacy. Despite the fact that he only made the conference finals once in his career, his crowning achievement has always been leading Cuse to a ship. 
I mean they had her daughter spend the entire episode chastising her for voting trump, so I don't think they were trying to make a political statement as much as poking fun at the huge dichotomy between the pro and anti trump crowd. It was cringy as hell though so thankfully they scrapped it for the second episode.
Can we get general Grievous adding picks to his collection?
That's actually an accurate description of rangers fans.
Everyone has a price tag, but it sounds like Odell's is so insanely high its not even worth talking about. Which is exactly what we should be saying about a franchise player. The number of people saying we should get rid of him is ridiculous.
>"His career has been destroyed, he has been separated from his friends and family, and he faces the possibility of missing the birth of his first child. Although Alex committed a serious offense, just punishment does not require incarceration," his lawyers wrote.

Bullshit. Making a mockery of the legal system when it's your damn job to uphold justice in the court of law means you deserve to go to jail. This in the day when our attorney general wants to sentence drug dealers to death. He should be thankful the only sentencing would be 6 months.
The thumbnail said it best

"I live the Blue Jays. I love Toronto, thank you. I love Michael Jordan".
It depends on what you mean by aging well. If it were released today, it would be dragged through the mud and given a terrible score. But if you're looking to relive a classic, it's pretty to pick up and get back into it. If you're a hardcore shooter fan, I can see why you would hate it, but as someone who sucks at them and loves reliving old memories, I enjoy it.
I don't think Doctor Who would be as amazing as it is without the campiness. There's something to say about a character as ridiculous as [a trashcan with funny lights and a laser](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/Dalek_%28Dr_Who%29.jpg) and have it actually seem scary. The acting is just so genuine, i truly care about these characters
Good god Boston is the worst for this.
Look, I'm a Yankee fan who went to school in a town where hatred of the Yankees is hardwired into everyone's being. If Fordham was called Bronx U, I have no doubt they would be fierce rivals of ours.
> I don't think the A10 would have taken Loyola Chicago even if they were good.

Loyola would give St. Louis something of an actual rival. Chicago is only an hour closer to STL than Dayton, but I think the Cubs-Cardinals connection could help feed the hate.

This kills the pun.
Weird, I had no idea every Orioles game was a 70s sitcom. If you do get the Birdland movement going, I will gladly pretend to be an Orioles fan to help make it happen.
It was the perfect progression for his character. This is what he's been waiting his whole life for, and hey promptly blows it. He may end up working in the bowling alley but that's not important, after all he was the youngest vp in Dunder Mifflin history and the ceo of WUPHF.com
Gradually. I live in NJ and while I've never heard gabagool, I've hear kah-pi-kohl, and I hear pro-zhoot more often than prosciutto. I can see how capicola can tune into kah-pi-kohl, then ga-pi-gol to gabagool.
#The jazz fusion song

* Orioles

Please tell me you guys play [that glorious song](https://youtu.be/TsuDWMPcAHI) when you win. That will immediate catapult you to the top of the AL East rivals I hate the least
The one that always got me was when Calvin found a dying bird in the woods which led to [a moment with her and Hobbes ](https://cdn0.sbnation.com/imported_assets/1025935/cal_hobb-raccoon2.jpg?_ga=2.179290468.1968766679.1522081766-254065092.1522081766)
If this team was merged with the All Movie team, Ham Porter would be a lock at Catcher.
Can't believe there wasn't a nose joke until halfway down the post-nasal drip.
I know they're better off as the red bulls but I miss the Metrostars so much.
In the final 30 seconds they put up I think 5 shots and NONE OF THEM were even halfway decent looks.
I am having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich.
^^^He's ^^^a ^^^flamer.
Longoria? I mean it would be insane to blow up the team the judge created but if they're trying to win this year, maybe they're desperate enough to do it.
Considering everyone made such a stink about how you were gift wrapped the region, in Atlanta no less, means you get roped into that group.
> GG Loyola!
> 
> 
> 
> Go Big 12!

Only one of these two can be crowned champion. Choose wisely.
Most Cinderella teams aren't coming into the tourney flirting with 30 wins and having beaten the #5 team in the country earlier in the season.
You guys should definitely have an anthropomorphic M guy
A wolf is basically a big grey fox, so Loyola-Tech final confirmed.
Makes sense, after all they're from Manhattan.
Gee, I don’t really have any of my ~~mapping~~ graphing equipment with me. 
Seriously, this is a terrible graph even if they didn't swap the colors. Why bother showing two mirrored bar graphs that display the same information?
It's such a ridiculous game too. I giggle like an idiot every time I play it.
I can't feel you there.
*bzzz*

Burt Reynolds

Yeah that's not my name

...OK...Turd Ferguson

*chuckles* Yeah whadda ya want?

You buzzed in!

Haha nah I didn't

Yes you did!

Well that's your opinion

I hate my job.
[Taylor Hall!!](https://streamable.com/4ytad)
At least we didn't lose any time! ^Fucking^^kill^me
Good thing Lake of Sten was there to put away that shot after it crossed the line
*Reverse Layupla Chicago
But they've been dying to be together since 2014.
They did. The problem was they tied it too soon.
Does he know what a linebacker is? Because that immediately qualifies him more than Reese.
>Now living in New York, the woman said she was 17 at the time and didn’t know Israel when an unknown person paid her $25 per video through the website www.fiverr.com, where *she was hired by different companies to cut “thousands” of video testimonials for various products ranging from cell phone plans to diet programs.*

And this right here is why I run for the hills every time I see the word 'testimonials' on a website. It's become business speak for bullshit.
Sister ~~Jean~~ Sheeve
To be fair, a team with 30 wins will be playing in the regional.

Just not the one we expected

Or the other one we expected.
Short handed is putting it lightly. It shouldn't be possible for a team running 6 deep to make the sweet sixteen in the first place!
Wow really? I thought it just referred to how sprawled out their lands were. TIL!
The last time Nevada lost in the Sweet Sixteen, they lost to the eventual Runners up, Georgia Tech.

So yeah
It takes a special team to have me smiling after a brutal loss. Can't even be mad. Amazing story, maybe even a better team. Fucking destroyed us in the paint.

May you strike down whatever wildcats cross your path, Ramblers.
10 points to Gryffindor
Now that the Pack have been down 11, I feel much more comfortable with their chances.
Found Sister Jean's account.
I mean they threw a golden *condom* into the crowd. If nothing else, I'm sure they required the lucky winner to wear it.
If they're big enough to be playable in Civilization 5, they're at least closer to an empire than a tribe.
Eh their porter is ok.
The world needs more dunkels.
I feel like a rival network decrying fox news as propaganda isn't as big a blow to their credibility as it would have been before [a former fox analyst said the same thing two days ago.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/20/business/media/fox-news-analyst-ralph-peters.html)
Did they have a dispute over how to spell 'Wolf Pack'?
Oh it's true, and it's infuriating. The MLBPA is one of the strongest unions in the land...provided you're part of the small group that actually manages to make it to the show. Sad as it is, I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if the other top leagues were just as cheap if they hypothetically had 6+ divisions of minor leagues.
Leave it to Mets fans to go worst case scenario when everyone else is making homer picks. You guys take self-deprication to another level, and I re5pect that
That's the difference between a strong union like the MLB and an incredibly weak union like the NFL. Guaranteed money is the sign of a valuable player in the NFL, someone the team can't afford to lose. In baseball, that's just called a contract.
Man I was so disappointed when they revived rbi baseball and somehow made it worse than the NES game.

This is what we want MLB. Stop fucking it up http://barongaming.weebly.com/nes-roms.html
Especially the NFL, where contracts don't matter and you're expected to take a pay cut for the good of the team. Star players get cut for no reason other than to save money and fans are like 'meh, he's too expensive.'
The disrespect for Mr Hard Hat is appalling.
You're not wrong, but it's a meme. Don't overthink it.
Watch Scrubs
How do you feel about *The Man Inside Me*?
This doesn't even blend into anything. It's just a dude in blue and yellow on a bridge that's different shades of blue and yellow.
Yeah there's a 0% chance that was an accident.
I'd say root liqueur, which I've never heard of and is chilling in the back of the gif.
Would have been the easiest campaign ever. 'Vote for me, I'm not a nazi.'
Yyyyyup
Makes sense, thanks!
If you're going to blame someone, blame your coach for leaving Cumberland out there with 4 fouls when you still had an 8 point lead, and then flipping out on him when he picked up his 5th a minute later. 
Out of curiosity, how did you end up as a Nevada and Gonzaga fan? Their matchup in 2004 is actually part of what made me a part time Pack fan, and your flair reminds me of that game every time I see it. 
He's a great argument for why we need the G-league to be an actual minor league farm system. He earned his pay, now let him develop a bit.
Don't worry about fielding a competitive team, let me worry about blank.
Fenix Rite
If I had to take a wild guess, I'd say they're probably a prep school with a lot of arrogant jocks. Much like Seton Hall Prep.
I mean it would have been especially difficult for you guys to win the South.
I wonder if Bama realizes that by acknowledging and insulting UCF's national championship instead of letting them just have one, they give legitimacy to the whole thing?
Except for last year, when we had 3 surprises...and UNC still fucking won.
As a Yankee fan, embrace it. Revel in it. [Make this your new fight song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wvpdBnfiZo)
This is what happens when you get too many Bengals fans in one place at the same time.
Nevada did have some hybrid wolves in the 80s that were [fairly adorable](https://library.unr.edu/DigiColl/Item/wolfpack/734)
Old news, UMBC has moved on to doubling up K State.
A regional with a 7, 11, 16 and Kentucky would be batshit insane.
THEY DID IT!!!!
Holy shit!
Get a tv, a laptop and a phone and watch all 3 games!
It can't possibly be related to the fact that you guys keep taking long jump shots instead of driving.
Or go inside and play physical. We are short and have NO depth. This is an insane effort that I'm loving but it makes no sense.
Well this isn't great.
That's because they did a terrible job of labeling everything.
Trade down a couple spots, get an extra first next year AND one of the top guys this year. The question is just who can we trick into thinking their guy won't be there past 2...
Well no, but since so much of the country has heritage from several different countries, it's not uncommon to hear someone say they're Irish, Italian, English and Polish. I'm proud of my Irish heritage, but I'm not trying to pretend like I'm I'm from Ireland.

The whole 'everybody is Irish on St Patrick's day' thing is fucking dumb though.
I hate these filthy neutrals, Kif. With enemies you know where they stand, but with neutrals, who knows!? It sickens me.
Corned beef is an Irish American thing because back in the day it was a cheap food that was widely available, just like the cabbage and potatoes.

It's not a real Irish food.
Scarecrow songs are the best. Bonooru rocks out to *anything*
https://youtu.be/0i3-bdQjIsY
Ya know, you could always link to the original post

https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/857t3l/_/
Poking fun at Portugal? Sound like as good a time as any to revisit a classic strip about our favorite shit-rectangle!

https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/300b86/_/
If a 16 seed wins a game the rest of the field should be allowed to go color vs color.
Two gut wrenching losses in a week. I felt so bad for Gray on Sunday and now I feel so bad for Davis.
Or my personal favorite

Why is nobody fouling? YOU HAVE TO FOUL!

*Ball is passed to a much worse ft shooter who is immediately fouled*
Dude , it's called [slamball](https://youtu.be/2ouXw328WYI)
Not *all* the favorites. There's a couple 9s in there and 3 5s over 4s.
YMMV. I just went to my local store in NJ (East Hanover) and everything is still full price unless otherwise marked.
Nah that's Yankee Stadium, but they retired that song years ago.
Well shit. Suddenly losing Lindsey Drew doesn't seem so bad.
The great teams still have suffocating defenses, but the best ones are most effective when protecting a lead. It's as much a physical task as it is a mental task to try and overcome a 10 point deficit on the best defense in the country. When you're playing them even all game, you start to believe they're beatable.

4 years ago UVA was in the same boat vs Coastal Carolina, but came out hot in the 2nd half, took the lead and never looked back.
And all it did was exacerbate an already dicey situation. UVA panicked, the Retrievers went for the kill.
In a league with 300+ teams, being #25 in offense is nothing to laugh at. Their pace of play is obviously slow by design, but they were usually pretty darn efficient.
Yeah it's easy to look at a halftime score of 21-21 and think oh hey, they're keeping pace with UVA. Nah, that was just 2 teams playing good defense. The Retrievers had a lot of quick scores in transition, and that built their confidence.
I'm still salty about Tennessee beating Iowa. UMass Iowa would have been a fun matchup, but we never stood a chance vs Tennessee. They had size when we didn't. They were coming into the tournament hot, we were cold. They were underseeded, we built our resume in the first 2 months and by March were probably overseeded. 

Just a recipe for disaster, and I'm pretty sure we were the first ever 6 seed to be an underdog in the first round.
That's the one thing I liked about season 4, it really put the rest of the show into perspective with how manipulative the Bluths are, especially MIchael. Poor George Michael is just trying to grow up like a normal kid, but his father instills 'family first' in his brain *in the worst possible way*

And then once he went to college, he realized how naturally lying came to him.
Idk why I keep seeing this. Nevada was ranked for most of the season and the higher seed.
And look, society didn't crumble or anything! If anything, the world was made a better place mere hours after it happened.

See FCC, swearing is good for society!
Their depth is going to be a problem.
I haven't seen much of Texas this year, do you guys usually only run 7 deep? A big part of havoc at VCU was the ridiculous depth they always had, so they could consistently play suffocating defense, but still have fresh legs out there.
19 points in 5 minutes is a lot.
The announcers really put it best on the 4th call. Live, they said oh wow what an obvious foul, but when they slowed it down he pretty clearly got all ball.
I was so confused when I saw Seton Hall and Auburn have half of South Carolina. Didn't realize you guys are closer to Athens than Columbia.
That's kind of what they did to Michael in Arrested Development. He played the straight man among a crazy family for the first 3 seasons, but after you watch season 4, it's clear that he's just as selfish as the rest of the family, he's just got a better grasp on how business actually works.

I like Ben's character much better. He has his own little quirks about him and is a total nerd, but the weird things about Pawnee like Lil Sebastan and hatred of salad are as ridiculous to him as they are to the viewer.
Oh he's definitely lying, but you can technically have an apartment for a couple days.
One is trying to draw attention to the fact that they have money and deserved to be treated specially. The other is trying to draw attention away from themselves because either they're tired of being treated specially because of their money, or they're just extra frugal.
It's sad because when everyone in your family and all your friends start to think of you as 'that guy I can go to with my money problems' it's hard to maintain the same relationships with them. More money, more problem, and if you don't have a support system of people who truly care about you, it can be super lonely.
Actually, it's 'I don't want to draw any attention' money. They just want to be able to go about their business and go home without someone harassing them. It's kinda sad honestly. 
Apparently reddit likes eugenics. Real nice.
Oh shit that might be it!
More likely someone who picks based on animals they like.
I was just helping a customer who was freaking out about a 'beauty cream' she saw on TV. The ad said it was only $4.95 but a month later she got a charge for $90 on her card. Typical subscription scam she got suckered into because it was promoted from the shark tank lady. I searched for the name of the cream + scam and turned up a ton of results...but no answers. There were so many sites with people *commenting* on how it was a scam, but the articles were all just praising the product, even though some did thankfully provide the number to call and cancel. I think I saw 3 times where someone left a comment about how shitty the service was, but the authors of the different sites posted about how they were 'just reviewers' and can't do anything about it...

That's the kind of shit that terrifies me when I hear about sites like reputation defender. Companies should not be allowed to modify their Google search results.
An ugly, reliable Oldsmobile from the 90s with 300,000 miles on it.
Oh yeah, I didn't even know that was a thing until I met my financial advisor. Setting an appointment for the super wealthy sometimes means you have to make the trip to see them for the 15 minutes they have for lunch.
Believe it or not, there are some actual doctors that are chiropractors. One of my customers is an MD but completely bought into that nonsense about the spine controlling every facet of your life and became a chiropractor. I don't understand it. You dedicate a large portion of your life to science and medicine and somehow believe that tweaking your spine is the key to all of your life's problems.
I mean sometimes, but it's usually people showing their true colors.
I'm a banker, and if there's one thing I've learned the past few years, it's that there are two kinds of rich people:Those that come in with furs and fancy cars, and those that come in looking like they just rolled out of bed.

Guess which ones are seriously wealthy?
>Today we help them and let them breed. We will help them, their kids, their kid's kids, etc.

Yeah because the hope is one day they won't be morons. A lot of those morons end up getting the help they need, or wise up enough so that they manage to be functional members of society. 

Joking about people who deserve the Darwin award is one thing. Actively hoping stupid people die off...dude, not cool.
Diving before the last guy came up for air...or the guy before him...

Made me waaaaay too anxious
The logo from the glory days with Nick Fazekas!
It's ok, there's always tomorrow.
Both of your teams!
Because it makes victory that much sweeter. Just not today hopefully. Good luck tomorrow!
Don't jinx it!!
To be fair, the one brother was balling out with lots of help from his brother.
Ok several people were clearly out of bounds. Put more time on the clock.
Mostly in Vegas, where I'm sure people are losing their minds.
Are we in Philly, because this game is being decided by brotherly love!
Cmon Pack. I really hope knocking Bamba out of the game will make up for the fact that out thin lineup is already drained.
You really gotta maul a guy to get called for a foul in that situation.
Same name too! What are the odds???
Pretty sure none of that happened.
Not quite, but chaos over bracket any) every day of the week so I couldn't stay mad at them!
I'll always remember because I got 6 of the Elite 8 right and 3 of the Final 4 in my bracket.

Guess who I had winning the whole thing.
Holy shit, the same 3 ads on a loop for the entire year.
Hey 3 7s in the sweet 16 is a bold move.
I love that he scribbled out his typo instead of redoing the whole thing. He probably started writing mich state, realized he didn't have any room and was like 'fuck it they're losing anyway.
Air bnb?
MACtion >PACtion
[BURN!](https://giphy.com/gifs/kelso-3R8OhehsI15yU)
MERCER SAYS HI
IT COUNTS AS DOUBLE IF YOU LOSE TO A TEAM NAMED STEVE
RAMS ARE A PLAGUE UPON THE A10. THEY'RE FUCKING EVERYWHERE!
IS THAT YOUR COMEBACK FOR EVERYONE WHO HATES ON YOU?? I THOUGHT THAT WAS OUR THING!
SO BY 2 POINTS AND A CHANGE OF YOUR UNDERWEAR?
Except isn't nursing school really difficult to get into? I know the UMass nursing school only takes a few people each year and I don't think they even take transfer credits.
Or at least any time he ends a sentence with 'it's terrible' or 'it's incredible', which is just about every time he speaks.
This the company that sells a ballpoint pen for $68...
I'm in! Only 4 more people left, let's make it happen!
He's always had an air of superiority about him. I respect that he's self aware of his Duke homerism but he does have a tendency to sound like he's talking down to the world.
Buck is boring, not annoying. Simms is boring and bad at his job.
A karkawhore who is proud of the fact?

A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
I don't think he was *bad*, but he certainly wasn't the Heisman winner we expected when we drafted him.

And then he was bad.
I think it was his rookie year he was the thunder to Tiki's lightning and we got to the superbowl. Then he completely fell off the map
This is why numbers mean nothing to me. Reading the actual reviews tells me this is exactly what we expected. A lighthearted, fun game that you can breeze through,l but surely has more stuff to keep you interested if you want to 100% the game. Nothing more, nothing less.
And here I thought the always injured Sammy Watkins getting $16 per would help Brown's case that running backs are underpaid. Hyde at $15 TOTAL!? I truly don't understand it.
Anderson & Meggett/Hampton, Barber & Dayne, Bradshaw & Jacobs. The great Giants teams always had a two-pronged attack at running back.
Make a day of it and go hang out at Wormtown before the show. Worcester gets a bad rap, and I'm sure a lot of people in Central and Western MA will be happy.
Please Mr. Buttlicker. Please give me another chance...I have to put you on with my manager.
[Not according to Joe Arpaio ](https://youtu.be/EiNY231MfEQ)
And don't forget someone in the SEC will artificially inflate their own rankings by playing another SEC team in week 1.
LOUDER, SON
How can you compete against a company with the resources of a regionwide chain?

David will always beat Goliath.

But there's five Goliaths, Staples, Officemax...

Yeah, yeah you know who else is facing five Goliaths? America! Al-Qaeda, global warming, sex predators...mercury poisoning!
Not to worry! [I have a permit ](https://giphy.com/gifs/parks-and-recreation-ron-swanson-permit-3oEduEHWLW6UiPA1Ww)
They've relocated to the Meadowlands.
So are you we just signing all the panthers?
The top video on his channel is him talking about block chain on infowars...
I'm about to finish up VA-11 HALL-A. It's basically a bartending vn, but it's pretty simple and relaxing. Not as much gameplay as Ace Attorney or Danganronpa but still has an engaging story. Nothing in the way of simulation or dating.
Frankly, I'm rooting for Iona to steal our hearts and beat Duke and Oklahoma.
Both. She knows there is data out there that destroys her agenda and she doesn't want it to see the light of day. If she never gets the papers on her desk, she can pretend that it doesn't exist. You and I look at it and think wtf is wrong with her she's obviously lying, but her base eats it up.
I think what they meant was she isn't uninformed, she's willfully ignorant.
No I believe you, I think they're more concerned with selling tickets at MSG and therefore putting big names at an advantage. I still think their logic is bunk no matter what the justification is.
There's a section in the ESPN tell all from a couple years back where Vitale talks about how he adapted his persona. When he first started calling games for ESPN he would get super into the big time games with the blue bloods and was noticeably blah with smaller games with less of a national impact. Someone mentioned to him that the one nationally televised game that a mid major school plays is as exciting to those kids as Duke Vs Carolina is to him, and he felt so bad about it that now he tries to treat every single game like it's #1 vs #2. After all, there's probably *someone* out there who has been waiting all year for this game, and they deserve to have the game called as entertainingly as possible.
If you think the NIT seeds are directly correlated with how the teams actually rank, you're gonna have a bad time. Since the games are on campus, they're basically on there in order of who can sell the most tickets. Consider seeds 1-3 and 4-6 essentially on the same plane in terms of talent. MTSU could be the first team out and they'd still probably not get seeded higher than a 3 in the NIT.
Look at his brackets from the day before vs the final 'prediction' released minutes before the reveal.
That's not the first time I've heard this. He's always a little too close to the real thing, it looks like he intentionally fudges a few details just to make it look legit.

If he really wanted to keep it authentic, he'd stick to his final bracket prediction on Sunday morning before the last championship games.
Not only that, you were both in your respective conference championship games.
That late night game vs TCU worked out pretty well for both of you guys too.
As a part time Nevada fan, I approve.
Do you remember back when they would be through 3 brackets and you're left guessing who the final 12 seed is going to be? That was actually interesting. This killed the suspense immediately.
There's a difference between something ruining a tradition and something ruining your own personal day.
It's an old Irish nickname for the beer. I first heard it at my local Irish pub, named after the St James' Gate brewery.

[They have Guinness on their menu as an appetizer](http://stjamesgatepublickhouse.com/menu/)
Can't go wrong with the blonde in a black dress.
Should have used this [Seton hall logo ](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/d0/d8/95/d0d895b0fbb72d73f0ca045363d338b2.jpg)
Why is nobody saying a word about TCU ending their 20 year drought?
Wtf I thought I heard like 2 days ago that he's moving to safety.
It's not really much of a thing these days, but it always amused me that The U Game (UMass and UConn) has nothing to do with Miami.
It mean the sword in the flag is a scimitar, [which is sometimes curved anyway ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Afghanistan_pulwar_sword.jpg)
My guess is that someone tried to use the sign as justification to try and buy a display cabinet or something and they  to put that. It would have made more sense to out say '40% off the entire store' rather than have the sign immediately refute itself.
Spaces would have worked better and not immediately give away what's going on.
Especially considering they're [becoming friendly rivals](https://www.netsdaily.com/platform/amp/2017/12/14/16775958/inside-the-friendly-rivalry-between-the-hyphen-and-the-unicorn)
She barely talked the entire movie. So disappointing.
I just watched Apocalypse the other day and spent the whole time thinking about how much I miss Attack of the Show.
Yeah I totally did, but I present to you, [The pizza belt](http://gawker.com/the-pizza-belt-the-most-important-pizza-theory-youll-r-743629037)
You know who'is always helps with spirit bombs?

Steve Holt! \o/
I thought it was to hide their chicken necks.
Well they certainly didn't want to end up at the Chokey Chicken.
Or just let them get sick. Medicine is cheaper than food.


All glory to Arstotzka!
To be fair, anyone living in the pizza belt should not be expected to eat Pizza Hut.
Add a \ before the right arm too

¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I mean to be fair, Futurama ended on a high note 3 times now and I'm still down for more.
Did I do thaaaaaat??
Ian has the unenvious task of making a terrible product entertaining, and he's done a lot fantastic job for over a decade. It was never more evident than when Marv called some games in the 09 season. Marv would be cranky and uninterested while The Bird would make a game between bottom dwellers seem exciting. He has a way of finding fun even in blowouts.

Breen just has a way of making every game seem like it's big time. When he talks, you want to listen.
Tommy is to homerism what John Sterling is to missed calls. And insufferable home run calls.
Gordon Hayward could take a gun and shoot someone and Tommy would complain about the victim flopping.
Newspaper comment sections are where brain cells go to die.

Facebook is where people find out others share their insane ideas

Combine the two, and you get cesspool of idiocy.
But that notion is ridiculous. You're trying to tell me a player can't have other interests? That he has to be a robot programmed to care about football and ONLY football?

I think the owners were worried that he would have been a powerful voice for the players who could have brought a different perspective on issues like CTE. 
Lawrence Taylor about to be brought in as a consultant on QB murder.
I hate so much about the things you choose to be.
Get us one step closer to a true world series.
To be fair, they have some pretty good beer available.
Ya know, it usually helps to give an example when people are asking you for one. Saying 'there are so many examples' but providing none just makes you look like a jerk.
There's a difference between a hard but fair game like Contra and a poorly designed game like Silver Surfer.
I mean when did he get the tattoo? If it was early in his jets tenure, Sanchize was an underwhelming qb who got them to 2 AFC title games in his first 2 seasons. Not too shabby.
Because elite running backs are vitally important to the success a team, yet they're treated like they're disposable. It's true that the league is less centered around a solid run game, but there's still a huge difference between the franchise backs like Bell, Gurley and Elliot and the next tier of good RBs.

And I'm sorry but how in hell is Kirk Cousins worth twice as much as Bell? Especially in a league where contracts aren't even guaranteed and a guy making 30 million could get cut at a moments notice?
Technically he never said *when* he would be back to his regular content.

For all we know he could have been apologizing in advance for a longer , more painful hiatus than we ever imagined.
This sentence hurts my brain but it's 100% true.
> How many people are open about their foot fetishes because of Curry? 

Hold on a second, let's not downplay the trails Rex Ryan has blazed [in the name of footkind.](https://media.gq.com/photos/55f1f34089c0d3e261b20bb2/3:2/w_560/ryan-feet-lede.jpg)
I don't get it. If Cruz is despised by both sides of the aisle, why don't the Republicans primary someone against him? Why do Texans still vote for him?
You're right, we need a third classification between the huge national banks and the tiny 5 branch savings banks. Something for the banks with like 70 branches in just one state who aren't quite commercial banks but aren't a tiny savings bank. A lot of those are becoming more and more sales oriented as it is, it's hard to call them savings banks,but they definitely aren't on the same level as say Bank of America.
Holy shit this is ridiculous
>This regulation affects the 38 largest banks. By comparison, the more than 5,000 community banks in our country generally have $1 billion dollars in assets or less.

>**The bill would move that line up to $250 billion.** This would exempt 25 of the largest banks, which in total account for $3.5 trillion, or 16 percent of total banking assets. Authors of the bill argue that the regulators could still enforce tighter rules on some of these banks. But history tells us they won’t until it is too late.

Just...what!? There is a huge difference between a tiny savings bank with 5 branches and a huge regional banks. Increasing the deposit maximum to be characterized as a savings bank by *250x*!?!? That is insanity.
How about giant peanut shells because baseball!

You know, like diddy's gun in smash. Tbh I don't know why that isn't a power up already.
To piggy back on this, I'm seeing a lot of New England IPAs being sold as North Eastern IPAs. Like good god, the two are not interchangeable!
I love their dichotomy. Spencer is the methodical pg that plays it safe, and DLo puts on a show taking risks several times a game. I hope by the end of the year they start to wear off on each other.
She also stopped Finn from blindly running away to save Rey, and helped form a much better plan to actually help the Rebellion. Sure, it was foiled in the end, but twice she stopped Finn from doing something stupid that would have got him killed for nothing.

She could have been better but for a minor member of the rebellion who was best known as the sister of a badass pilot, she did pretty good for herself.
The Scouts became the Rockies who are now the Devils! [The franchise has a rich, albeit brief history of sexy jerseys.](https://www.nhl.com/devils/news/history-behind-the-jersey/c-289898792)
[Wojnarowski] Silver has named Dennis Rodman the Commissioner of the newly formed NKBA, which will be a 'AA' affiliate to the G League.
Do they do anything for JPP's hand?
Nah dude, Rose was cool. I was annoyed at first that she didn't let Finn sacrifice himself but a. There's no guarantee it would have done shit and b. She saved him from himself. A former stormtrooper is way more valuable to the resistance alive than dead. 

I was so happy to see she got stage time at the Oscars last night.
I think what OP's trying to say is the Oscars people probably decided 'OK let's have all the Star Wars people present something together, BECAUSE OMG LOOK AT BB8!!!!
There aren't many people who can win an Emmy for best supporting actress and best lead actress for the same character *twice in each category*!! I love CJ.
I went to see Darkest Hour on Friday, and even though I remember seeing he was in it a few weeks ago, I completely forgot before seeing it. I spent most of the movie trying to remember who the heck it was playing Churchill, and when the credits rolled and I saw in huge letters GARY OLDMAN I flipped out. Blew my damn mind.
I mean it's possible they didn't expect to win and were rooting for their favorite movie or something.
Dude, he's Max Zorin!!
Uboner
Well I mean it was pretty clear from the title he intended someone to ask that question, why not put some time into it and give it a fully fleshed out response ahead of time?
Maeby tonight?
Yeah that'd a Phyllis expression, looks weird on Pam.
>waifu/husbando

Wait are you telling me this whole time waifu is just engrish for wife?? Goddammit I'm dumb.
Yes.
I need a username... And I have a great one.

Littlekidlover. That way people know exactly where my priorities are at.
I love how they have 900 million and 2, just to make it seem legit.
Huskies don't bark all that much. [They talk!](https://youtu.be/2c8MMiytwNs)
How noisy is he? All the huskies and shepherds I met sure do love to talk.
The first time I watched AD I always skipped the ending scene because I didn't want to spoil anything for myself. Little did I know I was literally just depriving myself of the joke every time.
Friendly reminder, the ARC tunnel would have been scheduled to be completed this year. Thanks Christie.
Yeah I know, but I was on my phone so I couldn't get an accurate hair volume assessment lol.
> She even told me that when she gave me the ultimatum to move, she thought I would say no. 

And this is why communication is so important. As cold hearted as it would have been, the right thing to do would have been for her to tell you *she's* leaving. Being so in love that you'd uproot your life for her doesn't make you the bad guy. She's the one who knew it wasn't going to work, this falls on her.

I'm sorry dude, that's awful.
Just make sure of 2 things when you finally do it

1. Tell him in person.

2. Make sure he understands that you are not a couple anymore. Do not leave any shred of doubt that 'oh maybe she's just mad'.

If you leave any ambiguity in the air, there's a good chance he won't get it, or even worse, will insist you haven't broken up. Be firm and direct, and give reasons why.

Good luck!
Is Elf #2? Because if you slow it down, you can see him pick it up.
The Milford Academy, where children are neither to be seen nor heard.
And frankly, there's no Ellis Island for people to just show up and get free admittance to the US. My grandma argues all the time that her mother came here legally, so therefore nobody has any excuse. Yeah no kidding, your mom hopped on a boat and showed up in New York. Not saying it was a luxury cruise coming from Ireland to the US, but walking up to a desk isn't exactly the same as the long and laborious process that is getting citizenship today.
I was side questing for months,figuring if I go fight Sephiroth then I can't do anything else. I think it was just fear of ending one of my favorite games. Meanwhile I played through and beat FFIX no problem. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I know cost varies depending on your eyes, but my dad got LASIK done at the [Laser Vision Correction Center of NJ](https://www.lasikcenternj.com/), which is right across the street from St Barnabas in Livingston, Been going to Dr. Miller since I got glasses in 2nd grade, he's great.
My guess is Putin told him this was going to happen, and not to do anything about it. Probably told him he's look really strong by not even acknowledging the threat, especially after how weak he looked when he insulted Kim Jong Un.
Forget Norway!

#Finnmark!
Chrono Trigger. I got pretty close to end game and just stopped playing for some reason. It was at the part where they had you go back to all the different eras for some reason. I have no excuses, it was an amazing game, I'd just get confused if I went back to it now.

I also stopped playing FF7 right before the Northern Crater. I adore that game. Wtf is wrong with me.
You've made a wise decision my friend.

One of us.
Caris was totally out of bounds and probably fouled Koufos but hey, I'll take it!
How does it feel to be one of the beautiful people?
And the point about the bad guy trying to save the world is the most obvious example[Watchmen Spoiler.](#s "Ozymandias does what he does to save the world from nuclear annihilation")
Yeah if anything being a country full of corrupt assholes should get us closer to hosting the world cup given their track record. Friendly reminder that Qatar is hosting in 2022, and the world cup is fucking up soccer schedules around the world because it's too hot to play there in the summer.
> I was big on him when he was at Texas Tech.

And when the injury bug bit, who ended up winning the starting job over him, leading to his move to Oklahoma?

Davis Webb

What a story that would be if they end up in competition for the same job again
Was it just the siren, or was it the intro to [Indestructable by Disturbed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWxBrI0g1kE)?
He played in the Little League World Series!!!
Dude, yes! Every time he comes up I sing Gregoooooorious!
Ahh, the old [Nard Dog.](https://goo.gl/images/4otnov)
The University of Richmond pull off the Spiders logo with the exact same color scheme, [and it looks pretty good.](https://i2.wp.com/mcfeely.areavoices.com/files/2015/12/Richmond_Spiders.jpg)
And no load times.
We're 7th in the league in pace of play.
Why the hell did Allen give the ball back to Russell with NOWHERE to go!?
CRAAAAAAABE PEOPLE!
Dude I'm so fucking done with moral victories. I just want people to be healthy next year.
Third time this season we've played the Cavs insanely well. We lost 10 of 11 without Hollis Jefferson and then LeVert. Before that stretch we were just under .500.
Damn Crabbe that was legit as hell.
Holy shit DLo!
That game was completely insane.
You know we got back LeVert and RHJ right? So we're going back to being annoyingly close in every game again.
I like this better, considering how we're definitely doing to be hearing about Judge and Drury all year.
No it's the Cathedral of Opulance
Safeco has a retractable roof, right? When they close it, they should call it the Nintendome.
Isn't it amazing? Fox is spouting out about how kids are being used by their parents to push a political agenda, and look who gets caught literally doing exactly that. At this point, if I hear any more baseless conspiracy theories about evil democrats coming from that cesspool, I'm immediately going to assume they know a republican who is doing exactly that. They've taken projection to another level.
Agreed 100%, my friend got married a couple years ago to a guy who was on tour somewhere in the middle east. I don't think it was even 2 years into their marriage he was cheating on her. Turns out he married her primarily for citizenship and oh no he just so happens to be across the world so the divorce process was drawn out as hell. Fuck these people gaming the system and hiding behind the military. They don't deserve to serve and represent our country.
I should frame this.
FROCIOUS
Fuck Yormark for making his jersey black and white AGAIN.
/u/badman89 has been chosen to be sacrificed for the good of the land. All glory to our eternal master Lou.
Fair
Thanks, tbh I just looked up the trades from the tsn tracker which doesn't have the details readily available.
Take me with you!

You're too heavy!

I weigh 80 lbs!

...
The fire drill cold open immediately after the super bowl was sheer genius. I knew a bunch of people who started watching specifically because of that scene.
I never realized Andy managed to sneak some rooop doop doos in there.
I thought your first this year was part of the Duchene trade?
Sure, when you're a contender. Not when you're in line for a top 3 pick and are trading away the entire team. I know they were going for it at the time, but now it looks insane.
If Emeka ends up retiring with Charlotte, he'll have played for the Charlotte Bobcats, the New Orleans Hornets, the New Orleans Pelicans and Charlotte Hornets without going through any of the name changes.

He's also the only original Bobcat still in the league (though I guess it's really back in the league).
The only place I've ever hear people talking about putting turbines in NJ is right along the coast about a mile out into the ocean. 
When you choose an edgy design but forget to proof-read.
>Earlier it was reported that Kovalchuk is inclined to continue his career in one of the clubs based in New York. Under the club from New York, most likely, refers to the "New York Rangers". Last year, the "**blue-scrubbers**" showed the most active interest in hockey

blue scrubbers 

I love you Google translate
/r/untappd
Not so much a chart as a statement of fact.
Holy shit.
Or [Slugfest](https://youtu.be/fSbI_4UepFI)
The one in Fairfield is just as good and if you show up after 8 on a weeknight nobody is there., where the Woodbridge one is always packed.
Are there any plans to ramp up the wind farms you see around AC? Because outside of those poor people with beach properties who will have their picturesque views 'ruined' I haven't heard a single reason why they shouldn't be all along the coast.
Newspaper comment sections are where brain cells go to die.
Great, now how about NJ Dems follow suit and decline to endorse Menendez? Generic Democrat would win in the landslide, but Menendez is so polarizing that seat could realistically get flipped.
WHAT iS THIS GAME
No, this is just fantasy!
My only regret is...that I have...bonitis!
I know the movie and the subsequent game based off of it were garbage but I spend the entirety of my time reading the Inheritance series (Eragon) thinking about what an incredible game it could be.
Brook fucking Lopez
I am OK with this.
The Hangar Is so much better now than it was when I was in school. it used to be a tiny building next to rafters. now it's this sprawling sports bar with games and a pour your own beer station. I can't imagine how awesome it must be to have that down the street.
It's my understanding that  beer is simply part of the curling experience, just like bowling.

[Also this ](https://youtu.be/O-PNc9bF5VA)
Oh man I love ABC! Definitely have to try this one next time I'm around for a UMass game.
Red Stripe isn't great by any means but thanks to them I'll never forget a beer in the freezer.

[Hooray! Freezer beer rescue! ](https://youtu.be/_ZgtCrWLejY)
Just remember, confidence is the only reason this is posted here rather than /r/badrocketleaguegoals
Wowoman needs to evolve into Camyotits
See that's exactly why I said I have no idea what I'm talking about. I heard the announcers say she had aggressive jumps and they looked super graceful to me but I figured they knew better than I did. I figured by aggressive they meant she went for super complicated moves like those triples with her hands in the air. I haven't seen anyone else do that. 

I've gotta say I never thought these Olympics would make me want to understand figure skating but I guess I kinda do.
It's not about winning over more casual fans in the US. This was a huge opportunity for them to get their foot into the Asian market and they blew it.

Skipping China would be insanely stupid.
Just to mix it up, they should have the winner pick between either #9 and the lesser pick in ever subsequent round, or the #10 and the better pick in following rounds.
Of course, but I'm sure that's still his plan in the fantasy world he lives in.
Absolutely. It would be like if we made the same trade right now for John Wall. DWill wasn't a huge risk, he was a known commodity. The problem with everything was King being so afraid to lose him because at that point we never wooed a single free agent to the team. That's what led to the panic move to sign Wallace and the overpay for Johnson (though he arguably lived up to his contract).
No, the 'least bad option' is to run away to a private island, which he's definitely going to do if his house arrest is lifted. Though you could argue he'd be living in fear for the rest of his life.
Right, he's still trying to wriggle out of his house arrest so he can flee the country. Saying 'I'm guilty' would end all that pretty quickly.
There are a ton of NY athletes that live in NJ and commute too.
The only redeeming quality of the Eagles winning is because Eli made an appearance. He is Brady's kryptonite.
After watching 'I, Tonya', I wonder if the stereotypes of a traditional ladylike performance won out over Evgenia's uniquely aggressive style.

TBh though it's probably confirmation bias, I don't know shit about skating.
OP must be a Bears or Jets fan because this is a jinx if I ever saw one.
Reminds me if [Hoops on NES](http://www.consoleclassix.com/info_img/Hoops_NES_ScreenShot3.gif)
They're also on the ps3 collection version of MGS3.
Way better with sound https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU0UFbxZDGM
Studies have shown that Cruisin' has never ever failed.
Don't forget a bored curmudgeon when he was briefly a Nets broadcaster.
This might sound weird but I'm almost relieved that our month of suck has happened with them out. Maybe they're even better than we thought they were. Either way I really hope we hold onto them for the long haul.
Lights too bright in LA? Come play in Brooklyn! You get all the perks of playing in NY, but people still forget you exist!
I'd just like to say, while the MILEAGE is accurate, there are definitely times when it's quicker to drive from NJ into Brooklyn than to the middle of Manhattan. Bridges and tunnels are a bitch.

Thankfully they're both very accessible via train.
How did you manage to become a Red Sox fan and a Canadians fan? I though the Habs and Bruins despise each other.
UMass fan here. Still salty you guys got Bruce, but I'm glad he's doing well for you.
PBS would be the ideal platform, but the GOP is trying to put the kibosh on them too...
Thank you for not flipping the accents and calling my home Joisey. Clearly you've met somebody from NJ before. Respect.
I'm a devils fan thank you very much.
New England hot dogs are served on the same thing lobster rolls are served on. Those weird split rolls that look like a mini loaf of white bread. It's weird.
>* Mets - oh man where do I start.  The Wilpons, probably... but there have been so many things from Aaron Heilman to Carlos Beltran striking out with the bases loaded to Duda throwing to the backstop to the incredible DL roster we had last season.

Nobody hates the Mets quite like Mets fans.
At least your state has developed a culture entirely around hating us.
Our GM's name is fucking Cashman. No wonder everyone hates us.
>The Sox

I can't stand this. Both Boston and Chicago players are sometimes referred to as a Sox players,members of the Sox or even just as a Sox. It's bad enough that you made up a stylization of the word socks, but now you encourage people to use improper plural nouns!

Well guess what, now you have something in common with the Maple Leaves, who I know you both love soooooo much. Fuck the original 6.
Oh and Northwestern made the tournament!
Dude all I'm trying to do is get a guy caught up on the world of sports in the past 5 years. Nobody is trying to take anything away from Leicester. Apples and oranges. You can wrote a 10 part documentary on how the foxes had the greatest season of all time, that's great. I'm still going to also find it interesting that the Cubs finally won a damn world series for the first time in 100 years.
Yeah and they were the first team mentioned in the thread...
I mean it's really like a high school team receiving enough money to make a go at it on the professional stage, and all the pieces falling in place in one brilliant run.

Once course they aren't comparable, the only thing close to that in the states is when a 12 seed makes the final 4. Something being the single biggest story in years doesn't take away from other noteworthy stories.
Fair
So? They're still notable.
Not really. I mean it can be done, but not through the casinos like the online slot machines and card games that were shoved down our throats. Plus there's a huge difference between jumping through hoops to lace a bet online and walking up to a counter and putting $50 on a game.
> Hopefully the Beijing winter hockey Olympics will have NHL players, but I can see the same thing happening again. They say they will be there next time, but there's still a big time difference anyway. 

They could have gained so much exposure in Eastern Asia during these Olympics. If they skip out on the Olympics IN China, Betteman would be an absolute moron.
In favor of a team that didn't even win their own conference.
Because forget years of earning public trust as a means to spread information and preserve history, libraries and museums just won't be able to resist the temptation to RUIN THE GAMING INDUSTRY!!!

Just remember, companies spent hours coming up with that argument against preserving their own games. FFS
Yeah I mean this could count as high praise from Tom. He walked up to the guy, *said something nice about him*, and left.
The Nets' worst nightmares came true, and those unprotected picks were all super high lottery. On the bright side though, we got rid of Billy King.
Damn, this guy missed the entire Phil Jackson era.
The Astros, Cavs and Eagles broke huge droughts too. 2 of those teams had fans eat shit. That happened.
He always had a cocky, fuck the world attitude about him. He was just never outwardly douchey to his own fans until he got to Philly.
And Jason Bay played better in Boston than he ever did with the Pirates or Mets.
Ahh Boston. Where acting like a contemptable douchebag is just goofy antics.
There's really nothing out there like Boston sports media. X player is a god. Y player needs to crawl in a hole and die. And of course you have unprompted callers in July asking if the Patriots are the greatest sports franchise in history? They aren't even the most decorated team in the city...
If you game even a little, check out the flash sales Sony does every month or so. Tons of PS3 classics go for $5.
>I'm just happy that Jesus Christ did not let me lose my teeth when I was 20 years old. Cuz I was wonderling like, what if you kept you baby teeth until the age of 18-20 and then you lose them? That would look pretty bad. So I just think it's really brilliant that you lose your teeth when you're a baby, rather than losing them at age 20.

>That has nothing to do with your question, but it was definitely on my mind.

[Metta World Peace-2011](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZrVRU5G2dg)
There are so many variables between now and then that this is an impossible question to answer.
So what happens if Pai is found guilty of corruption during that 60 day period? Do we scale back any decisions he has enacted?
[DODGE!! ](https://youtu.be/aaLR80oxfSs)
Nah it's still funny. I like to believe that Flip knew all along Porzingis was going to be sick, and this helps my imaginary argument.

RIP DJ Flip
And think about it. Why would he be so quick to fire them after a story rather than go the route of paid leave and investigations? He knew this shit was going on.
All they need is sports betting. Tourism would skyrocket around the Super Bowl and March Madness.
No that's Roller Coaster Tycoon
Tool assisted speedrun. Commands are entered in a frame by frame basis through a program in order to beat the game in the fastest possible time. They usually include tricks that would be physically impossible for a human to pull off.
The grandest of dads.
From dynasty to 'I wanna dienasty'
And if you like that you should check out his old website firejoemorgan.com
This is good.

*You're* the one that's good
And he hasn't even *begun* to peak!
You can hear him stopping to look for the quarter, seeing the score and just taking a guess.
Any time Boone does something stupid it's just going to remind me of how we got rid of Joe for no good reason.
You can't have a favorite Iron Chef, it depends entirely on the secret ingredient. Sometimes I feel you don't know food...*at all*!
The only other thing that could have possibly improved it would be to change the text colors, but even so that was glorious.
So you're telling me BOTH OF HIS SECRETARYS WERE NAMED JOHN!? I bet you someone named Abraham was in the Kennedy Administration.
[Cast in the name of God... Action! ](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/bigo/images/e/e5/Big_O_-_Armor.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110522220406)
The year before Jimi put his twist on the anthem, Jose Feliciano played a [beautiful rendition ](https://youtu.be/x1ZQawbo4Mo) which created a political divide that in hindsight seems eerily similar to the NFL protests 50 years later.
Considering about half the facts were about how they were murdered similarly, 'fun facts' would probably come off a little crass.
I mean they were all pretty uninteresting until the part about their secretaries. Their names, not so much the warnings. Sounds more like confirmation bias to me.
That subtitle is misleading. Tina has never once said 'ugh'.

She says uuuuuuuuuuuuuughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Why do I have to change my name? He's the one who sucks!
Because Jim is a rabid dynasty warriors fan. He's always defended the series even among the sea of criticism the games always get. He sounded legitimately upset about how bad DW9 was in his video , and mind you this was not his hyperbolic Jimquistion character.
[SAIL! ](https://youtu.be/Awf45u6zrP0)
And my argument is no dunk contest should have more than one perfect score,and it shouldn't be an issue if nobody gets a 50. When everyone's dunks are perfect a 50 completely loses its meaning.
Bingo
I'm sorry Gordon got robbed that year. LaVine did 3 variations of the same dunk, and a less impressive version of one of Gordon's dunks. Watch their replays and tell me 5 of LaVine's 6 dunks warrented perfect scores.

[Gordon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7vO9EW8eWg)

[LaVine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1-XMd_4ojE)

Great dunk contest, but 8 perfect scores between 2 people? That's just stupid. Cmon NBA, give us a new grading system.
The fact that someone can get 2 50s in the same competition means the judges aren't doing their damn job. That whole thing with LaVine and Gordon the other year was ridiculous. Everybody was afraid to give less than a 10. A perfect score should mean you just saw the best dunk you've ever seen in your life.
You could argue he was a great commissioner *because* he was a polarizing dick.
Wtf I love Stephen Jackson now!?
If you haven't already, you should check out [the Wikipedia game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Wiki_Game) (there are links to the various games at the bottom of the article)
MICHAEL WHERE DID YOU GET A HAND GRENADE!?
Nah dude, it was a gain of 41 boost, *and* you prevented someone else from getting it! All part of being a good teammate.
> he was a damn PPG player in the NHL.

Not only that, 18 points in 23 games in the 11-12 playoffs. Dude was a huge part of us getting to the cup finals. He may not have lived up to his contract but he wasn't bad by any means.
He has the same dead eye stare as [Larry from The Big Lebowski](http://home.xnet.com/~madman/bigl/larry.jpg)
You're joking right? Sure there were times he pulled a guy too quickly or made a stupid decision, but he did an amazing job of balancing workload between guys. Nobody blew their arm out from overuse like Scott Proctor.

And replay is a weird thing to bring up considering the Yankees have consistently had the highest success rate in the league on challenges.
Olean and Dayton are where A10 dreams go to die, ugh.
You are now a moderator of /r/umass
No he was let go because Cashman wanted someone under his thumb so he could dictate the lineup. Joe didn't make that many questionable decisions. He was way better with the bullpen than Torre ever was.
I bet you over half the NBA are DBZ fans. They make references on Twitter and Instagram g all the time.
*Honk honk!*
Oh of course, we're objectively not good right now. It's just going to be immensely satisfying if these guys pan out and become solid players down the line.
So he's basically a tall Felton?
One day we will get the Brass Monkey World Series we deserve.
🎶The government toally SUCKS you mothefucker! 

The government totally suuuuuuucks!🎶
I like to imagine it was a case of mistaken identity and some highly qualified dispatcher guy was stuck working that sleepy non-emergency line while you got thrown into the fire.
I work at a bank, and we literally went over these scams a couple hours ago. They're all over the damn place now. The most prominent is 'secret shoppers', because people think that's just how secret shoppers work. People are tricked into 'testing a moneygram' and sending thousands of dollars to 'a family member in canada' except the funding check bounces a day later and your account is now out a grand... Even dumber is instructing people to buy a visa gift card, *take a picture of the front and back of the card*, and hold ont the card for later use. You're essentially laundering your own money to them.
I can't wait until we look back at this in 3 years. Allen is a beast, and while the jury is still our on Jah, his ceiling is still high.

Also Mozgov lol
> Also we're missing two of our 4 best players in RHJ and levert the last couple games.

I know it's old news at this point, but technically it's 3 of our best 5 with Lin.
2002 Kings-Tim Donaghey robbed us of what could have been one of the the most exciting finals in NBA history.

Instead we have:
2002 Nets-Murdered by Shaq
Ahh so they mean ticket games rather than traditional coin op arcades. I can support a ban on mixing those with alcohol. They're basically money pits disguised as video games.
As a fellow Oracle lover, fuck that guy.
I've never heard it called a lettuce taco though, usually it's Asian lettuce wrap.
http://www.espn.com/espn/page2/story?page=caple/040511
Just because it's been the case for a year doesn't make it normal. We *can't* have this kind of behavior not phase us.
It's all the Padres have...let them have their moment.
If pissing on his hands made him grip the bat better, maybe it helped him make bare handed catches too?
>The chain was blocked from opening here for more than three decades by a 1959 state law prohibiting businesses from mixing alcohol with amusement games.

But Barcade has been open for almost a decade...maybe there's some distinction between arcade games and amusement games?
Plant?
I wonder if he knows [Jagorim Jarg](https://i.imgur.com/rx97Sr4.jpg)
You can even see the same buff in DW9 (that lightning swirling around him)which seems to do nothing but give him a ton of hp. Jim didn't have to carefully move in, get a few hits and run away. He just wailed on him.

Lu Bu used to be beatable only if you had one of the ultimate weapons, or you played the hit and run game very well, because he could always cut you down in 2 seconds. Nothing was more infuriating when spending a half hour whittling away at his hp and then getting struck down in a second because you screwed something up. But you had better believe it was the most satisfying thing in the world to finally beat him. 

They took away the most rewarding thing you can do in Dynasty Warriors.
Man, college was confusing enough trying to interpret texts and facebook statuses/messages/posts. I can't imagine how infuriating that must have been =/.
I feel like Bobby and Andy are the same person, but molded under completely different environments. They both just want to be good people and have a fun time, but they just need a little nudge in the right direction.
> GAL

Oh my god. Galentines day is just valentines with gal at the front. I spent the entire episode wondering wtf the name meant. Was there a gala or something they were going to?

I am not a smart man.
Absolutely this. Baseball tonight is like vintage sportscenter. In depth for every gam, not just one nice play. Analysis on every team. No fluff pieces, just exactly what you came for. Plus, live look ins!
>Justice Department attorneys also said that their release would disrupt the attorney-client relationship between the department’s Office of Legal Counsel and its clients in the executive branch.

That's not how attorney client privilege works!
It's like Star Fox. Why can't they just go back to what we all loved instead of INSISTING on throwing new features at us??
If you can track down 3 or 4, those are still my favorites. 8 is the closest they've come to recreating the old PS2 magic.
Half the fun of DW was the balance between 'I'm gonna plow though this whole army' and 'shit, shit shit I gotta get health run awaaaaaaaaay!' Watching Jim run around literally *searching* for a fight just made me angry. When he got to the enemy base and just jumped over the gate, I was facepalming . But to mow down Liu Bei and Lu Bu like they were nothing?? Just put a knife through my heart...they killed Dynasty Warriors.=(
And having your ears pop. Especially if you didn't know they needed to be. Everything suddenly sounds way clearer.
And we don't know what prospects would be involved
It is bothers me how many of these don't have the exact same colors of their flags. Looking at you Ivory Coast and Djibouti.
Les Cousins Dangereux!
Well that's the thing with cult classics. A well made game ages with time, even if it never got the hype when it was originally released. Arrested Development had horrible ratings but was one of the best shows ever made. Now it's killing it for Netflix,even with the latest season not being great.
Nah dude he's clearly 💧
Now announce a Tomba! remaster and complete the circle of nostalgia.

*Tomba, not Tombs
[Feast your eyes ](https://youtu.be/GMSI7nS2z-g)
[It was glorious  ](https://youtu.be/ewGAmiLuYCw)
So what you're telling me is Markelle Fultz = Tiger Woods?
But the question is, was his shot broke and he was trying to fix it, or was his shot not broke but he thought it was broke so when he fixed it that made it broke even though it wasn't broke?
To be fair, I got 2k10 because it came with a Jeter fathead and their pitching system was pretty fun.
...Did they really film themselves taking a picture of the finished product?
Type A-Avoid making a left hand turn by making a left hand turn anyways!
He should turn back the clock and revert to his old swing from Japan when he hit 25 home runs in 130 games. He's already done everything else, why not take advantage of the altitude as well?
Masafumi Takada is my favorite video game composer for a reason. That guy knows how to set the mood with music.
[Spooked ya!](https://youtu.be/uyh3C1xDT3Y)
It's something you see a lot in college ball. The Nets have been making their runs largely thanks to complacency. The other team eases up on the gas a little, and they use that moment to strike. Of course by the time they make it a game again, their starters usually come back in and finish what they started.
This comment would have been super sarcastic 2 weeks ago.
28 was the high point, it was 89-61
There's already a lot of good advice in here, but don't fret about this being your last chance to ever have a close relationship with her. I have 2 younger sisters whom I love but I never wanted to hang out with them until I left for college. I feel way closer to them at 28, than I ever did growing up, and I only get to see them a couple times a month. High school is a weird time in life where everything seems like the most important thing in the world, and the little things that are a part of every day are taken for granted. When you go to college, you learn about how to make it on your own and take responsibility for your actions, and an added side effect is learning to really appreciate other people and their time. 

I'm not about to pretend like I understand the dynamics of being adopted and being a part of a family, but I do know that a lot changes between high school and college. Don't give up up hope, you may end up closer with your sister once you stop seeing her every day.
Ugh that reminds me of the time I went to Wendy's in North Carolina about 10 years ago. I asked for a bacon and cheese potato, especting [this](https://s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/A-bS8-KLG8gFDFXFOydw4Q/o.jpg) but instead I got a potato with a slice of American cheese just flimsy lying on top of it with a strip of bacon on the side. Apparently cheese sauce was not a standard thing across the chain yet.
I started watching The West Wing after someone posted [this scene](https://youtu.be/r3jBg9OaQIk) about a year ago. I had never seen Bradley Whitford in anything other than Billy Madison, and watching him seemingly reprise his role as an arrogant asshole and go down in flames was enough to hook me.

Once I started watching it though, Josh became one of my my favorite characters. What a great show
Calls his shot, hits a grounder up the middle.
Star Tavern for thin crust, Village Trattoria for specialty pies, and 3 Brothers for pizza the size of your face.
I lost a bet and had to wear a Red Sox road jersey after the Yankees blew it in 2004. I hated myself every minute of it...but I really liked how it looked on me. Still the only time I've ever worn an authentic jersey. Those things are sweet.
Ahh ok, I thought they meant 2 each. Galaxy felt like a successor to 64 but Sunshine and Odyssey were definitely innovative.
I wouldn't even call the gravity flipping innovative because it's literally F-Zero gameplay minus the bumps and health bar.
To be fair, that's wasn't because of the game play (though it wasn't ideal) it was more because they didn't do justice to Samus's character.
Is skyward sword a classic now?
Yeah this is pointless. If they do pick Darnold, Albright is going to claim he called it. If they don't he's going to say 'well at the time, we couldn't have know about this and that".

Useless comment is useless.
My guess is the play is drawn up for him to read the defense and make his decision, but he probably knew he wanted to pass it all the way. You don't always get the opportunity to show up Brady in a huge way on the biggest stage.

And I guess throwing a TD in the super Bowl is pretty cool too. A passer rating of 100 places him in a tie with '81 Joe Montana as the 38th best performance in all time!
I just wish Nintendo wouldn't insist on 'innovating' Star Fox over and over. They've kept Mario Kart pretty much the same since Double Dash, the gliders and underwater/hover stages don't change the core gameplay at all. Just go back to Starfox 64's gameplay, and stick to it. Make stages super long, or give us the ability to fly Falco's ship or something. Don't reinvent the wheel just because you feel you need to.
Maybe he meant it the same way Chappelle calls 'Kobe'!
via /r/pics https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/7wbem9/what_millions_of_years_look_like_in_one_photo/
They did it for psp as well and apparently learned nothing. If they had a microsd I really think vita would have been a success.
I'd recommend picking one up on ebay if you can. Sometimes you can get lucky and find one with a 32gb memory card for under 150. The memory cards were really the worst part of the vita, but I still adore mine. Danganronpa is amazing and there are enough indy titles to keep you going for a long time. The psx support is just icing on the cake.
You can be a candidate without being the frontrunner, sheesh.
In the Arms of a Wookie
The Joe Johnson trade was worth it. He was money for us and the definition of consistency.
And the trade probably would have gone through if it was a standard lottery protected. Rival gms called it a gift.
His name should be Barve.
We're basically Rockets light. Our gameplan is almost exactly the same, we just don't shoot it as well from deep. If this was Crabbe's turning point though, he could be huge for us down the stretch
Who would have guessed that when you traded for Blake, he'd revert to his Oklahoma days. 

Dude was a man among boys tonight. Absolutely unstoppable when he was posting up.
CRAAAAAAAAAABBE PEEEEEOOOOPLLEEEEEEE
Ball don't lie!
Sean Marks will make a trade which will make Nets fans sad, but also very excited.

And it's going to be so far out of left field that everyone is going to be taken aback by it.
To be fair, it does stand for Mattufacturers and Treyders
Girardi is from Chicago, went to Northwestern. There's a reason his name is always tied to the Cubs.
Roses are red

VIolets are Blue

My name is Billy

I give all my picks to you.
Man I'll never forget watching Pedro smoke the Yankees in his prime. There was one game in particular that felt like Boston was batting for the entire damn game. They weren't putting up huge numbers on offense or anything, Pedro would just get out of the inning in like 2 minutes every single time.
Non guaranteed....
Don't worry, this shouldn't have any effect at all on you guys. 

You know, unless he realizes he can make more money doing something much safer.
They didn't want the best manager available (which he was), they wanted someone under their thumb who would do what they say. Why else would you go from Girardi to a relative unknown in Boone?
If I were a betting man, I'd say he spends a couple years in broadcasting and goes to the Cubs when Maddon decides to retire.
Oh boy I have a good one. My high school has a pool in it, one of the few in the area that had one, so it was a real luxury for the swim team to not have to go across town or 20 minutes away to the nearest YMCA for practice and meets. Now this pool was built in the early 20th century, and at the time it was opened, it was a beautiful facility with tons of natural light coming in. In the 50s though, they built an addition to the school *around the pool*, which closed off all the windows save for some small ones up on the balcony. So rather than this beautifully open pool, we now have what swimmers call 'the dungeon'. 

The cleaning staff didn't do shit to keep that pool sanitary. There would routinely be a film of lotion in the water from kids who don't realize chlorine makes your skin dry out. Often the chlorine levels were way too high, Occasionally, there was little chlorine at all. I was on the swim team, and one day the pool was so cold our captain dipped in to see how it was and came out shivering with blue lips. Another day the pool was so warm I was sweating...*in the water*. The chlorine was known to give blonde kids hair a green tint, though I never saw that one for myself.

TL;DR It's nice to have a pool in your high school, but the novelty wears off quick when people don't take care of it.
Good god, that is one stench I can say actually smells like death.
I've smelled rotten watermelon a couple times, can't imagine having to work with a bunch of them. It's such a foul, sour stench, like doing a nasal rinse with vinegar.
Nah they got rid of him.
Kenny Atkinson is Super Kami Guru, unlocking everyone's potential.
DADWIDDIE WHAT
Sure, but the Giants play in NJ, and it's all one media market so it really doesn't matter.
What a slick steal and bounce pass by Din
Dude's footwork is awesome on both sides of the ball.
The Vert!
Let him do it. You want to lose military support in a heartbeat? Have the troops put on a side show. 
Nene!

Nono!

God I love Ian
Well yeah, but that's not a Bowie song.
Do you know what I am saying?
He's a [staaaaaaaaaarMAAAAAAAAAAAAN](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/earthbound/images/b/b6/Starman_Clay_Model.png/revision/latest?cb=20090521212858) 
waiting in the sky! He'd like to come. come and meet us but he thinks he'd blow our minds!

You're thinking of Major Tom
The sad thing is, Max actually deserves a show. He used to be awesome, but every time I see him now he just sounds more and more like an ESPN mouthpiece.
Byron Scott did pretty well in NJ and New Orleans, obviously aided by some pretty damn good point guards. Ever since he was fired by the Hornets though, he's been a running joke.
I mean I hate Brady as much as the next guy, but you could put prime Joe Montana in that game and it wouldn't have made much of a difference. There was no defense, and the Pats' D sucked just a little bit more.
The Giants, Yankees and Devils each lost in the championship between January 28th and November 4th, 2001. The following year, the Nets lost in the Finals.
Because he's a talking head now. Working with Skip Bayless changes a man.
His voice is great but his illustrious descriptions are second to none.
Nah dude, the cow says shazooo.
It's the Sean Marks way.
Only in name recognition. Jarron could actually score, while Jason was the lock down defender and pick and roll master. I'm unsure what their opinions are on mascots and wookies though.
Another big part of watching it on the silver screen was the sound. That may have been the loudest movie I've ever seen, which was exactly the point. War is not quiet.

I'd recommend going to see it when theaters do the replays right before the oscars.
I'm ok with this.
*Beads*
I mean we all do, but that was Arrested Development lol
This is exactly how I feel about him. He's going to be the best player on a team, maybe one part of a killer trio, but top 10? Can't see that.
Go to your local hobby shop and check out the Lionel trains. They have models for *everything*.
Looks more like a place Dark Helmet would live.
Nah, they talk about it all the time but it never goes anywhere.
Jake the snake!

Still weirds me out that Arizona was in the NFC East when I was growing up.
Damnit this is exactly what happened when the Red Sox won, RIP 1918 jokes. We would have hit 100 years this fall!
This is a record that can be tied again, but I doubt it'll ever happen again to the team with the best record in football.
How in the world was this not mentioned on the broadcast last night? This is amazing.
Give /r/projectfi a shot!
One of my friends pointed out that Collinsworth is turning into Madden with his unnecessary telestrator drawings. He had about as many useless blurbs as Madden used to spout as well.
When you're in the conference championship, you can get away with leaving out overplayed narratives. The fans who are following the playoffs already know the story. But when you have the one game a year that all the casual fans tune into, that's when you *have* to give the backstory to everything. 
Right, but he's been around long enough that he should phrase that better.
That reminds me, was anyone else getting ready to shit on the new Crocodile Dundee before they broke character and revealed it was an ad for goddamn Australia? 
I believe the correct terminology is 'ESPN thank their shit don't stank'
A 5 time champion who can't take a loss like a man. I'm not sure what's worse, this or his presser where he whined about how he made *one* mistake. What a douche.
Flair up!
Man, I thought Jesus was a sure thing. I was so sad when we traded him.
Dear Nintendo,

Can you please give us XX in the west now?

Thanks,

Everyone
It would also be the toughest steak he's ever eaten, both in texture and in gravitas.
It's like the dog version of [this](https://i.imgur.com/xEPYKNc.mp4)
Fact : The Patriots have lost every Super Bowl Eli Manning has appeared in.
Fact: the Patriots have lost every Super Bowl Eli Manning has appeared in.
Yeah I don't think this really qualifies as thwarting a kidnapping. It's really just arresting a guy with obvious mental problems.
Nah Medusa has been there since 99, sounds like they removed Rolling Thunder for a stupid drop tower.

I didn't realize I haven't been there in 9 years. That place must look completely different now =/
Is anyone at all concerned about an uprising?
If you ever go to Six Flags Great Adventures in NJ, you can experience one of the most rickety wooden coasters (Rolling Thunder) and maybe the smoothest one in existence (El Toro). It's incredible how much better El Toro feels, but the fear of imminent breakdown is kind of the charm of Rolling Thunder.
It still makes me sad that we never used him as a pinch hitter. That half season was enough to convince me he would be a badass power bat off the bench, even though there's no way we'd ever do it.
I always think of Raul Ibanez as a Phillie. Dude had a pretty good 3 years there.
I associate Nady with the Pirates too. Probably because that was the one year I tried playing fantasy baseball, and he was on my team. Always thought he'd be on the pirates squad that got them back into the playoffs. Juuuust missed it....by 6 years.
I'm honestly not trying to root for anyone. I can't root for the eagles in any situation, but as a football fan, rooting for the patriots just seems wrong. The only way I'd justify rooting for the Pats is because it would forever link New England's success with their failure against the Giants. If they lose to the Eagles too...it's just not the same.
It really doesn't matter who did the funding, opposition research is a standard thing. The dossier may have been used to find something negative for a campaign, but a fact finding mission needs to be as accurate as possible. Steele's job was to find the truth. The spin comes later, and that's not his job
Groovy baby yeaaaaaah!
Wimpy DEER. The great Bambi
First of all, she's *not* a Celtics fan. No Celtics fan would ever root for the Lakers. No Celtics fan would call them the Keltics. Celtic is a soccer team.

If she was a Celtics fan, you would actually have more fun than you think. I dated some Red Sox fans in college, and it's really fun arguing sports with your lady. The only issue is if a girl is passionate about her team, you might mortally offend her if you mock the team. Still fun though

I'm sorry man, you're dating a bandwagon fan. Unlike the casual fan who doesn't know everything about the sport but likes watching, the bandwagoner immediately loves the last thing they saw and claim to be an expert on them. This actually happens a lot with Celtics (and Bruins) fans in particular, they're the ones who only show up when the team is title contenders and claim they've always been lifelong suffering fans.

Shes never going to change, your only hope is to pretend that you don't watch basketball anymore and follow the team in secret. I'm so sorry.

Or yeah, just break up with her.
Agreed. Yes, it's nice to speed up the pacing of the game, but why the hell should any part of the game be dictated by sponsors?
The Lakers grabbing that rebounding with 11 seconds left was fucking awful.
He hit a bunch of those last year. The sleepwalking 3 from way far out.
It's really fun watching college stars channel their old magic, even if it's just for one game.

No really, I'm not being sarcastic. Dude balled out tonight.
Hey another nets fan who's also celebrating a cake day!
It was such a weird game of streaks. Allen scored all of the points in the first quarter. Then Dinwiddie went ham from the end of the second to the 3rd and DLo kind of took the reins in the 4th.
I swear if he doesn't play the rest of the game Walton should be fired.
He's getting there. He's not a complete black hole on defense anymore,which is nice. Not great, but definitely an improvement.
And his other 4 was in the final 2 or so minutes of the 2nd. Ridiculous
Well remember the comment 'maybe this is the calm before the storm' that freaked everyone out? It was nothing, he just wanted to say something cool. He hasn't ~~figured out~~ been explicitly told  what to do yet.
Not a traitor. Not a traitor. *You're* a traitor!
Something tells me the FBI response won't be.
[BIZNUS](https://youtu.be/zFYwueh05mM)
Gee, I don’t really have any of my mapping equipment with me. 
Sounds more like [Hank Scorpio](https://youtu.be/8Ew78KThLOY) to me
All the employees in the various Jersey Mike's I've been to have all been very nice. It's night and day between their workers and say subway.
Probably worth big money.
Kris Humphries

Reggie Evans

Trevor Booker

Thaddeus Young

All of these pfs have had career rebounding years next to Lopez.
Look I'm just glad it didn't end up like Chrono Trigger Resurrection, that's all. I followed AM2R for years and it actually got released. I never thought I'd see the day, and it ended up being as great as we all thought it would be.
Just like the last center we drafted in the first round...

I miss you Bropez.
He always said he wanted to be the first ever career Net, and is the longest tenured player in team history.
We could always stretch Mozgov, and I might be dreaming but it think we could potentially move Okafor to the 4. Zeller is way over-performing but I don't see him as a long term solution.

I'm willing to delude myself of just about anything to bring back the Brookie monster.
Fuck it. I've been back and forth about getting a ticket to the game Friday night because it really pains me to see Brook in gold and purple, but I need to go out and give that man the love and respect he deserves.
Flawed young guy with a high ceiling and divisive opinions on his game?

BY GAWD THAT'S SEAN MARKS' MUSIC!!

But Monroe probably wants to win soooo maybe not.
Think about it though. The most famous example was AM2R, a fan game that was released when Nintendo had gone years without a new Metroid, all the while Nintendo was secretly working on a remake of Metroid 2 themselves. They could have shut it down well before it released as they're legally required to do, but they let it get released for a couple days before taking action. They knew it would be preserved by the internet forever.

To me, that seemed like the best thing they could do short of making the game official like Sega, but they couldn't exactly promote a game that could easily be confused with another title they released less than a year year later.
Damn I totally forgot we had a game today. Looks like Carroll DLo and Dinwiddie carried the team. How about Joe Harris though? 1-5 from the floor with 2 points and a +18?? I know plus/minus isn't a great metric but he must have been doing something right.
He's playing in the great big ballpark in the sky with Wade Boggs now.
Hey I have an idea. Let's take a game that's pretty fun, [AND MAKE IT HARD AS SHIT!!](https://youtu.be/N874LFELHYS)

Rage quit is the best
[Great album too.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pinkerton_(album\))
It was really confusing when I first watched it. They go through the rules and show how life points , trap cards, and magic cards work, and oh ok you have to sacrifice some monsters to summon better monsters. I guess that makes sense. And now here's a monster whose special effect is....to win the game?

At least it helped make [one of the best Rage Quits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cp4fxe75810) happen
Sounds like he wanted to go home to play for the team he owns.
It would be hilarious if he signed a 1 day contract to retire with the Isles once he's done playing.
Right, but if those old timers that played in the 90s are to be believed, it was also a much more physical game. So I guess instead of having the cardio of a soccer player, I'd expect they'd need the physical stamina of a heavyweight.
>"The sooner it's worked out, the better it is for the country," Trump told The New York Times in December.

Gotta agree with the president on this one.

The sooner this orange lunatic is out of office and in jail, the better.
> “Here’s how it would work: ‘We’re sorry, Mr. Mueller, you won’t be able to run the federal grand jury today because he has to go testify to another federal grand jury,'” said one Trump adviser.

Can't even keep their pronouns in check, SAD.
Maybe someone can sign him as a vets minimum practice squad guy. He can obviously play at an NBA level, but doing it in a controlled environment is totally different from going on the road and playing in actual games. I always thought that's what they should have done with Royce White too.
> Baltimore has so many problems, but police accountability is so easy to solve, sans the FOP.

Just blow it up. Camden disbanded the police force and rebranded itself in 2013 with a smaller force and a focus on cops walking the beat, gaining the trust of the community. [Last year Camden has their lowest homicide rate since the 80s.](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2018/01/what-happened-to-crime-in-camden/549542/).
Sports pope joked with Simmons that he might end up working for Bill someday, so who knows?
And in his final season he played 37 minutes per game. I know he averaged 38 in his career, but 34 games with 40+ minutes at age 40!?!

For the record, Giannis is currently leading the league at 37.2 MPG. Lebron and Ariza are the only players over 30 with 35 or higher MPG.
The only way I'm going to listen to anything he has to say is if he pairs up with Mike Francesa. Individually they're self-important blowhards. But when their egos collide, they actually manage to put together a couple good ideas because they aren't afraid to call each other out.

Plus the potential of trolls calling into their shows would be through the roof.
No, but [this was](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3cmqys/broussard_correction_sources_cuban_beside_himself/)
Well [this is his dad](https://media.giphy.com/media/bZpEiAAvKgKEo/giphy.gif) reacting to the big 3 he hit in the tournament so I'm gonna go with yes
I saw Rickey Henderson try to manufacture a run by himself in his 40s  for the Newark Bears. I don't remember how he got to first, but he stole second, advanced to third on a sacrifice, and get thrown out trying to steal home. It was one of the most ridiculous things I've ever seen, and it was amazing.
Pistons: So we're thinking of moving Avery Bradley... Anyone interested? 

Clips: We're interested, who did you have in mind?

Pistons: (Welp go big or go home I guess)... Blake?

Clips: K

Pistons: https://images.gr-assets.com/hostedimages/1380222758ra/341159.gif
If someone gives you 10,000-1 odds on anything, you take that bet. If John Mellencamp ever wins an Oscar, I will be one rich dude.
See that's what I think about Ajit Pai, who's perfectly fine spewing his bullshit to the media. That dude lies through his teeth, he doesn't hide the fact that he's a corrupt asshole, he jokes about it.

I think Pruitt is a scumbag who sold his soul and is afraid to be reminded of it. He won't defend it in public because he can't make up a reason why it's beneficial.
I never saw much of Cunningham, but qb eagles was my favorite player in Tecmo Super Bowl.
No joke we would have blown out OKC if he wasn't playing. So many terrible possessions where he just crashed the boards and reset the offense , like he was saying FECK NO WE AREN'T LOSING THIS DAMNED GAME. He had a terrible game shooting but still was the MVP on offense.
>Despite being the driving force behind the Trump administration’s relentless attacks on our environment and our communities, Pruitt is clearly petrified of criticism.

>He’s wasted thousands in taxpayer dollars on a soundproof phone booth, he’s kept his schedule out of public view, and newly-revealed emails show his staff works overtime to keep him from answering questions from reporters and the public.

That just screams guilty conscience. He can't face the criticism because he knows what he's doing is fucking evil.
Damnit Jerry.
I mean it's a platformer, so I guess that's Mario-like. Otherwise it's really more of a puzzle game.
I wouldn't really call it dunking on Allen as much as blowing by and embarrassing him.
Maybe things area wildly different in south jersey but I see no reason why anyone in NJ should have to concealed carry.
Outkast is so damn good, Andre said it best on Hey Ya!, people don't want to think about what it is they're listening to,even when the lyrics are heavy. 

>y'all don't want to hear me, you just want to dance
There's definitely a shit load of wasteful spending throughout the military (because god forbid you spend less than you're allotted in a year) but this is worth a watch. https://youtu.be/7R9kH_HOUXM

Side note: the West Wing is a brilliant reminder of what we should be expecting of the the White House.
After what we saw Jimmy G end up fetching, why wouldn't we have more than one starting quality qb on the roster?
I love his the same guy who was running away from the bee is now terrified of a rat.
Can anyone really be sure there's a single other person in the world who goes by Topher aside from Topher Grace?
> The load times might annoy you too if you like to explore the map, though I'm not sure how it is on the PS4.

They're a lot less infuriating once you realize you can teleport. It took me an embarrassingly long time to figure that one out.
But the whole reason why their basic black jersey works is because it's simple. Black goes with everything. Pinstripes and white panels make it a little busier.
> Westrbook

[Russ Westerbook, attorney at law](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-D0HRePrwuHw/T7mZjFEjy7I/AAAAAAAAAgM/Ax19Q5-1PsY/s1600/russel+westbrook.jpg)
> but always focused on the fans and city that support them

I mean yeah, but the real focus is a new thing Nike gets to sell every single year.
Meh, I like the idea but they could have done better. The off-center pinstripes representing the bridge cables was a neat touch though.
This just means every year we will get a new alternative jersey. Didn't say anything about whether or not the good ones could be kept in the mix!