There's no gray area with instant messages. Either they got it or they didn't and you know right away.

I've had problems with SMS. Messages show they sent like normal but still never got there. Sometimes I receive messages hours late. 

These problems don't exist with instant messaging.
I have a pair of Treblab X2s. Not sure I'd recommend since I had to send in for a replacement recently, but sound quality is mostly good, they're comfy, and occasionally go on sale for $35.
I have five pairs of these shorts and they're durable and have built-in lining.
 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01NGTD9W8/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_ljp6Ab473ZQF5
I've used Mediabridge for arm bands. Works great.
Which carrier do you have?
Good to hear. Do you know of any article or video that showcases this?
How high are you?
He's won 3 ships and this could be his eighth straight year.
Are you just putting your fingers in your ears at this point? Just because I don't have access to his health records doesn't mean the media hasn't covered it. Just fucking Google it. Christ.
>well documented by whom

He's been hospitalized multiple times.
Kind of want more details here.
SMS is unreliable. Sometimes messages take a while to get through and sometimes they never actually do. There's no read receipts.

Images and videos are compressed an insane amount. When I send a video on WhatsApp, it's compressed only around 30%. In texting, it's compressed beyond recognition.

In group texting, many times there's one guy that has his settings so that his messages all go out as many single messages rather than group messages. 

With SMS and MMS, people can't be invited to a conversation after the first message is sent.
And the unlocked versions will wait several more months.
Pretty much.
Nice sources you got there.
Please get sterilized
It's because you'd have to be insane to openly align yourselves with conservatives these days. The days of fiscal responsibility and small government are gone. Now they want to build walls, rip away critical benefits, fuck up your internet, and give the wealthy more money.
It's blatant, intentional misrepresentation that only reads as recruitment propaganda. The idea that someone would call the left a hate mongering group when the right is full of people that run down protesters in their cars and doing Nazi salutes, spitting in the face of people like my grandfather, is so laughable and sad that it doesn't deserve a point by point rebuttal.
Lol this entire post is wrong.
I don't know anything about you outside of this post. But something I learned recently is bipolar disorder is commonly mistaken for depression. The medication for these two things is very different and can explain in many cases why the meds stop working.
I hope this isn't true. The camera is the only thing holding this phone back imo. I'd pay a few hundred for a good camera mod.
Beer.
No BOTW?
It's difficult to find a screen protector for these stupid curved screens.
Meh
A lot.
Didn't they make this phone for three generations?
Hah.
If the first gen Moto X was so successful, don't you think they would have stayed with that line?
I'm using Sync for Reddit and it can be slowed down.
Slow it down to 1/4 or 1/8. Looks like it hits the back board.
That same replay slowed down to quarter speed shows it hit the board first. I thought it was clean to but it's not.
Egh. I initially thought that but slowing it down to .25 shows it touched the backboard first.
Lack of updates after purchase.
Maybe it was okay but for the original msrp of $300, it was a total ripoff. You're really only buying it for the looks at that price.
Can I get Fleksy to display a comma button without a long press?
I mean, it's not bad if you're a casual runner. But you're not going to get the functions and metrics of a Garmin, Polar, or TomTom.
Moto's sport watch was junk.
Polar M600. Get 2 days battery life, so good by Android Wear standards.
Yes and no.
I call bullshit.
And at that point maybe the girl op was seeing decided she wanted to be serious with him.
Three months is not a long relationship.
Unless exclusivity is stated, it's wrong to assume.
How could you outlaw that? Major violation of the first amendment.
Or the people that have asthma attacks, obesity, tinnitus, cardiac issues, joint inflammation, and scar tissue inflammation tend to consume lots of aspartame.
Oh shit. Maybe we can make this a thing?
Doable but won't be easy. Just keep adding miles each week. Eat right, lose weight if appropriate, and sleep well.

20-25 miles isn't a ton. Put on 10% each week.

Do intervals at least once every two weeks.
>Netflix continues to raise their price every year

No they don't?
Which phone do you have?
Lol what a load of shit.
You're getting more screen real estate at the cost of the shape of the screen and apps not being optimized for it.
Yay?
And ten years of shitty music.
Once you get up to 35-40 miles a week, that 10k time will fall quickly.
Yes you're right I run that route once or twice a week. I run 20-30 miles a week on average.

Part of the reason I love running is the competitive aspect of it. And not just against other people, but against yourself. I don't go and try to PR every run, but if I'm feeling exceptional early on, I see no reason not to challenge myself. This particular time, I hit the first half mile at 3:19 and decided then that I was gonna push myself hard.
How many total miles are you running per week?
I can assure you I've never typed the word "aight" in my life.
Tech shirts or good socks. Shirts that aren't good for running have no value to me and end up donated.
I have a four mile route that I run once or twice per week. Last two attempts were both PRs! 26:48 followed by 26:34.
I have a co-worker that doesn't use any social media. I personally couldn't give less of a shit, but she says people routinely look at her like she's crazy when she mentions that. Although she doesn't have a dumb phone like this guy.
Fuck you too bitch call the cops
Do you have a link to a conclusive study that shows FMTs induce weight loss in obese people that are not severely ill?
Honestly, it's pretty trash. It's snappy and clean, but the auto correct is straight garbage. Changes "were" to "we're" constantly. A few minutes ago I typed "tonight" and it changed it to "to aight." How the fuck does this happen?
It will catch on in the US. Which is what it's for.
I think it depends on your work culture.
And if they do, people won't use it since free alternatives are available. It won't happen.
Will work on WiFi.
It costs $200 for everyone. And for now, I'd think since so few people have it, it can probably be leveraged for a raise.
Correct, all calories can cause weight gain if you are consuming more than you burn.
The only thing that causes you to gain weight is excess calories. Other things factor into your health and hunger, but the bottom line is calories for weight loss.
Missed that part. My bad.
XZ1 Compact is 140g. Not sure how much lighter you're going to get, since that is one of the smallest phones.
Did you even read the fucking article?
I agree.
Itt: a bunch of people that don't know how calories in/out works.
Shut the fuck up.
Wrong. Calories is what matters.

Edit: downvote all you want. There's people that have eaten nothing but McDonald's and have lost weight.
Can't you turn it off, remove the cup, then turn it on?
Considering he specifically mentions that it was offensive to his wife, I'm willing to bet that it was more than just a joke
>Sounds like you’ve been brainwashed into believing that political stances are more important than your own family.

It's his father that did exactly that. He used his political beliefs to fuck with him. What kind of person does that? And if he believed political stances were more important than family, he probably would have disconnected from his father long before that.
>wild
It can be flagrant while his hand is on the ball.
Should be flagrant.
Thanks!
Which pair?
I'm looking for sunglasses that are good for running and every day use. Anyone got anything? Prefer to spend under $100.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Turn off "ok Google" detection?
What is 3 thirds?
What's the argument for it not being a travel? Pretty obvious.
Add more miles and more days running, but at comfortable paces. I personally try to get one long run day every week (8-10 miles) and one day of speed workout. One day every two weeks, I will go all out on a 3-5 mile run to see where I stand.

But the key is just adding miles. The more you run, the better you get at it.
Tbh, the same could be said from the other side. Why stay with someone that wants kids when he knows he doesn't?
She wants kids and Cena doesn't. Not surprised.
Why is this still stickied? Come on mods.
Well, what you're looking at is pretty common in the running community after races.
Do you do long distance running? Because it sounds like you don't. Almost all runners I know love pizza, burgers, beer, tacos, etc after a long run. I also love fruit, water, and granola bars as well. 

The Hartford Marathon Foundation has local restaurants provide food for their races. Last year, I got grilled salmon and eggs after a 5K. A couple times it was Moes. Three times during evening races, it was pizza and smores. Once was pulled pork sandwiches. What you eat after a race isn't going to affect you much. Just drink plenty of water.
All that effort and can't even spell "complementary" correctly.
Sounds like there's still a chance.
>keep it out of really cold or hot situations
I'm sorry to burst yours, but Asia is a massive part of the smartphone market.
Tbh I hadn't even thought about it.
I was referring to battery life specifically. I thought that was clear.
It's not a crisis but it's a generation newer and we should be seeing improvements.
There's a world outside of the US.
You shouldn't wear your running shoes for every day wear. Your running shoes are for running.
When you say it lasts most of the day, are you referring to bottles, draft, or both?
3-5 miles isn't terribly far. If you're ready for your run and not feeling thirsty, just do your run and pay attention to how you feel. 

My mindset is always simple regarding hydration. If you feel fine, you're probably fine. If you feel thirsty, drink some but not a lot.
Recently got some Newton Distance 6s. They took longer to break into than my 5s. They fit a bit differently too, but after a few weeks, all is good. Ran a 10 mile race this past Sunday and couldn't have been happier in them.
The battery is not small, and it still lasts a long time. Ever use a Sony phone? Clearly not.
Ya you probably need an SD820 or higher.
That has nothing to do with it.
I don't think anything is going to explain that besides just saying the phone is listening in.
For a long time I thought people were crazy to think Facebook was listening to them.

Recently though, I'm on board. My wife was listening to a book on CD that mentioned an ice cream place called It's-It. A day later, she's got an ad on Facebook for it. Thing is the nearest location is thousands of miles away. 

Zuck is full of shit and should be in jail.
Pretty lazy cosplay tbh.
Do that shit often enough and people see through it. Not that simple.
Bayonetta.
No, not at all.
When it's a bartender, yes you can. That's an asshole you'll probably be dealing with many times you're in there. Not worth the trouble.
Idk what you were paying for Alpine but here in CT their beer was so outrageously priced that I never even bothered. We've quickly gone from one of the worst beer states in the country to one of the best and they have the nerve to charge $17/sixer for that shit. Not saying it wasn't good but when I can get better stuff that's fresher and for $10, well, I just don't know who their market was.
It's always been an issue of price with Green Flash. WCIPA, Palate Wrecker, Green Bullet always sold for a lot more than their Stone and Lagunitas counterparts. Stone had some crazy priced here in CT when they first launched nearly a decade ago, but it changed. Lagunitas has always been cheap.

Now I have NEBCO, Counterweight, Grey Sail, and Sip of Sunshine available almost all the time. Why would I buy overpriced GF or Alpine?
They mostly lost me at the Silva Stout debacle a few years back. That and the change to WCIPA.
I don't really know the circumstances behind that. I know they didn't just get right back together. It was at least several months I believe.
I think so.
Possibly. But I felt comfortable for the most part. I don't think shaving a minute off would have been out of the question but I was aiming for 70 minutes and I beat it by 30 seconds or so, so I was pretty happy.
In the movie there's a lot of 90s references as well.
Guess my sarcasm wasn't clear.
Greatest country on Earth.
Xperia and Motorola phones are running extremely similar software.
Me too. The camera is really the only thing I don't love about this phone.
Polar M600. Pretty good HRM, big bright screen, stores music, water resistant, runs Android. Touchscreen would be a deal breaker for you though.

Shit battery compared to other watches but that's the cost of it being a smartwatch in addition to a running watch. 

I'd recommend the M430 as well.
I have a Z2F that has 2700mah on a waaaaay bigger screen. I bought this phone partly because of the steep discount ($300) on Cyber Monday, otherwise I wouldn't have bothered. I thought going in that the mod would be a must and I'd be staring at 3 hours sot.

The reality is, I'm consistently getting 5 hours sot when I'm not gaming, and the mod is used when I'm out all day after work. I don't think you're going to have an issue with battery life with this phone.

If I were in the market for a phone of the XZ2C's size, the battery size wouldn't even come close to a disqualifier. I've seen what other phones can do with less. And I've owned Sony phones and I know they have a history of great battery life.
Mine doesn't.
Omg yes
2870mah for a 5" screen is hardly small. The screen and battery are about the same as the GS7  and no one complained that the battery was small then.
I think they're fine.
Ya, this brewery continues to prove its run by assholes.
How do you know they're not? To me it seems that the Z series is doing poorly as a whole due to poor marketing, mediocre reviews, and a camera that definitely leaves something to be desired.

There was a post a while back on the Moto subreddit that showed attachment rate was around 40%. I don't know if that's good or bad tbh, because I don't know what the expectation is.
I have a garage.
There's literally nothing to learn or maintain. Not sure what's so difficult to understand. My battery pack stays in my car most of the time so when I'm going out after work, it's there. My gamepad isn't needed that often, but it's in the car most of the time as well. You are making this sound more complicated than it is.
There's a second camera coming out this year that's waaaaay ahead of the Hasselblad mod.
The Play has sick battery life. I use it a decent amount with my Z2F.
Is it? The second JBL speaker is on par with speakers in its price range, though the first one did suck comparatively.
It just came out. I bet controller support will come eventually.
Okay....
It's because it is a dumb idea.
Probably not.
Exactly. My gamepad and my battery mod spend most of the time in my glove compartment. When the mod dies, I bring it back inside and charge it, and back in the car it goes. Not hard to understand.
Good for you. Most people don't have slrs.
Do I think the average person can think more than 8 hours ahead? Yes.
It's better because it's not Bluetooth.
There's this thing called planning. You look at what you need to do, and decide if you need extra battery, gamepad, etc.
Why would you have to carry a bunch of mods around? They're not essential to have with you all the time.
The gamepad is great.
Just don't have a notch?
Those are 2016 flagships.
Sounds like you need to find a slower store.
Motorola and Sony.
835 vs 626.
In a state that probably has one of the lowest costs of living.
Cool. Thanks for the recommendations.
Material Design.
What a boss.
The X series is dead. I wouldn't be surprised if support for it died very soon.
/r/unexpected
Maybe but at least I know how alcohol works.
Fair enough. You didn't mention that specifically.
They didn't outright say it. But when customers questioned performance after an iOS update, Apple Store employees didn't even know the battery replacement would fix the problem. Lying by omission is still lying. If they weren't being dishonest, why did they change the price of a battery replacement and apologize!?
They took everyone's advice because they were caught. Let's not pretend they just decided to do the right thing.
They lied about it to get you to upgrade sooner. And there was no option to opt out.

Edit: oh how short our memories are. Shocking how much we love Apple here.
Aren't they third behind Apple and Samsung in the States? I definitely see their flagship around often.
Are we pretending the whole throttling on updates isn't a thing?
Why on Earth would would that be an unpopular opinion?
People want the storage it takes up.
Considering that Facebook is uninstallable on the unlocked Galaxy S9 variants, it's almost certainly Samsung.
None. All Android phones use USB C or micro usb these days
Sony XZ2 if you don't mind a missing headphone jack.
>Get a Pixel or a potato camera instead
I don't feel like the amount of people doing that will be all that big.
WTF are you talking about?
Bullshit.
Mine is swipe right from the left edge. Sure that's not what you mean to be doing?
I don't think so yet.
Look, when I say it's not a thing, I'm being hyperbolic. Antifa are extremely small, but vocal minorities that are a bunch of assholes for the most part. The problem is conservative outlets label people that were at the school shootings protests as antifa and it couldn't be further from the truth. Practically any liberal protest gets labeled as antifa when in reality they're barely a thing.

Btw, op is just a karma whore. He posts in t_d and many other areas that contradict libertarians. This group needs to do a better job downvoting low effort, shitty posts. It makes the entire sub look bad when this is the shit that makes /r/all.
Antifa is a label non-liberals use to make the far left seem full of violence and criminals. It's made-up.
My Z2 Force is on pace for nearly 6 hours SOT today without the mod.
Gamepad is legit. Total game changer and will be abusive when playing PUBG and Fortnite BR.
Start sharing directly with other people's Google Photos accounts.
NFC?
Battery pack and speaker are fire. The gamepad is a game changer when it comes to emulators and eventually stuff like PUBG and Fortnite BR.
Short term, try to get into a grocery store. Much lower stress than CVS, etc.
Well sort of. But age doesn't make an old, stupid person smart or a young, smart person stupid.
Antifa is not a thing. It's made up by conservative news outlets. Get a grip people.
Why would I want to stay in this dumpster?
Well, the only direction this sub has is up.
This sub fucking sucks.
Thanks. Mine may be starting to lift at the bottom a bit so I may look into it.
Replace the phone or the screen?
I was able to restart it and the issue went away.
This is bullshit. I've never dropped the N word because I was drunk and I've never seen my friends do it.
I've never dropped the N word when I was drunk. And I like to drink.
You're a fucking idiot.
Cut that shit out.
RPO was centered around Shia Lebeouf with tough to follow action sequences? I agree the humor and dialogue weren't great, but the action scenes were far better than anything in any Transformers movie. 
I can shit on Transformers, because it's not even good at being what it is. They centered the movies around Shia Lebeouf and not Optimus Prime. The action sequences were tough to follow. The humor was cringey af.
Hot Gallowboob garbage.
Shitty Gallowboob post.
Every time Moto comes up, someone repeats these falsehoods. If the model then was successful, it wouldn't have changed.
Yes because the civil rights protests weren't televised at all...
Please use Pyxis instead.
Well, no shit. This is all out in the open. They're not hiding this.
What a stupid thing to say.
>sex dates

/r/ihavesex
Per cubic inch, muscle does weigh more than fat. That's what the statement is referring to.
Ok, I'm going to try to dumb this down as much as possible.

Performance is one aspect of stock and Touchwiz.

Stock objectively performs better than Touchwiz.

At the time of the GS5, Touchwiz objectively had more features than stock. Such as:

-multi-window

-power-saving mode

-close all apps

-a richer camera experience

-kids mode

Now you may not care about those things, but a lot of people do. That is why this is a subjective argument. Some people are willing to deal with a tradeoff in performance for the features Samsung provided.
You're fucking with me right?
Yes, the performance is objective. But that's not what you said earlier. You said Touchwiz was a compromise compared to stock. And I said that's subjective. Depends on where you place your value.

As a whole, stock is not objectively better than Touchwiz. Are you getting it yet?
You're right, but that's one aspect of it. Touchwiz had one-handed mode, split-screen, close-all apps, and power-saving mode all before stock.
You're only talking about performance though. Touchwiz has always had features that stock didn't.
Wtf are your talking about?
They're worried about falls. Not scratches.
That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying stick with objectivity. Touchwiz isn't objectively worse than stock or Sense or MIUI or whatever.
No they're not. Those are things that objectively make a phone more useful. Your preference is whether that matters to you or not or if you get use out of it.
Touchwiz is a preference. If people hated it that much, they wouldn't continue buying Galaxys. That's not an objective compromise.
Uh huh. Except that Sony's compact phones are known for excellent battery life.
Tizen is dead on phones.
Idk, outside of Touchwiz, GS5 had pretty much everything.
Not as good.
Please keep the Z series.
In a CVS or Walgreens the pharmacist couldn't give less of a shit what the patient does while they're waiting. 
No, because despite what you may think of doctors, their rate of fucking up is not low. That's why in hospital settings, doctors, nurses, pharmacists, physical therapists, respiratory therapists, etc, all work together to make sure patients have the best possible outcome. Pharmacists have a deeper knowledge of drugs than doctors do.
Alright, you hit a sore spot for me.

It doesn't take 2 hours to do that. It takes 2 hours do everyone's prescription before yours.

Here's what goes into a prescription

-Drop-off. You drop off the paper prescription. After that, prescription is scanned in and goes into a queue.

-Typing. Once that RX is at the top of the queue, a tech or pharmacist types it up. Sometimes the doctor's handwriting is messy. Sometimes the instructions don't make sense. If those things don't occur, the RX gets submitted to insurance.

-If the RX succeeds in insurance, a label gets printed, and the drug can be filled. It's also now behind everyone else who got there before you. Once it's at the top of the queue again, the technician fills it, gives it to the pharmacist. The pharmacist then checks it and makes sure everything is correct.

If it doesn't succeed in insurance, a million calls have to be made. The doctor may need to change it, or a prior authorization may need to be obtained from the insurance company. Or maybe the insurance information is out of date.

So no, the pharmacist is not just throwing 20 pills in a bottle and giving it to you. There's a reason they get paid upwards of $100,000/year. Counting pills is not that reason.
This sub is filled with Russian bots.
If they have a Facebook event page, I would post it in the discussion that the race is in fact not a USATF certified course.
Jesus my Z2F is getting 5 hours sot.
Or Sara Mackenzie was extremely loose.
I felt like my post implied that she wouldn't want to work if such a thing were possible. Sorry that wasn't clear.
The Z2 Force was a pretty big letdown to many, especially with it's $700 pricetag.

But T-Mobile ran a special on Cyber Monday and sold it for $300. Coming from my laggy af GS7, I bit, and am pretty happy with it. Despite the small battery, I get 5+ hours SOT. I threw a screen protector on it the day I got it so I can't say how easily scratched it is. The camera performs well in ideal conditions, but definitely struggles in low light and the recording definitely leaves something to be desired as well. 

Lack of headphone jack was a bummer but most of the time I'm listening to music when I'm out running so I was already using BT headphones.

The mods are legit useful. That they're guaranteed for multiple generations made them an easier purchase. The Turbo PowerPack is nice because you can tell it to stop charging at any point, or put it in efficiency mode and it will keep the phone at 80%. Also, you don't look like a doofus charging your phone at a bar or something. The gamepad gets regular use for playing SNES games. Love that thing too. 

All in all, would recommend. Excited to see what the Z3 Force brings to the table. If they improve the camera and give it OIS, and fix the screen, they'll have a near perfect phone on their hands imo.
Most people aren't that stupid.
Riiiight.
I'm using the Mate 10 as a reference. I guess it could end up sucking.
Fucking love this guy.
No it's not.
Tell me how many people give a shit about those things? Big-ass battery, nice design, good performance, and a very good camera. That's what matters to most people, not in that order.
Probably because you have an Exynos model.
Did you try reading the article?
This is some /r/thathappened material right here.
Galaxy S7 was a mess by 1.5 years. Laggy, shit battery.

OnePlus One had all kinds of problems. Phantom keyboard strokes made the phone unusable.
According to whom? NBC has the shore getting 6-12" and inland getting 3-6".

A lot of people also follow "Life in CT" and the person that runs that page lowered their predictions as well.
Yes.
You're making a mountain of a molehill.
Okay buddy. Under most circumstances I wouldn't even call myself a power user. Yet somehow this phone turned into a laggy piece of shit with 2.5 hours of SOT. It's a phone. I don't want to do regular maintenance on it like it's a car or something. 

I've owned quite a few Android devices from at least six OEMs, and never had issues like the ones my Galaxy had. The only devices I liked less were my Evo 3D and OnePlus One. Your anecdotal evidence doesn't trump mine.
To be fair, I said most. NBC is showing heavier snowfall for the shore. They've been pretty accurate this year from what I've seen.
NBC CT has 3-6 for most of the state now. Not so bad.
Contrary to what you're saying, I'm seeing quite a few people with Pixels. And TV isn't the only source of advertising. Hulu, YouTube, Spotify, etc all have commercials.
Do you know what anecdotal evidence is?
My S7 was junk after 1.5 years.
I have a pair of CK Steel and they've held up very well. However, I don't find them comfortable enough to be an every day boxer brief.
Companies don't just switch away from the things that made them profitable and successful. If the Moto X was selling well, they would have continued making it.
Do you think if this plan was profitable to begin with that they would have ditched it?
You could easily test this by uploading to Instagram then downloading it and comparing it to the original.
Cell phone companies are in the business of selling products. If they could operate at a profitable margin for hundreds of dollars less than the competition, they would definitely do it. You can't just make ridiculous assumptions because another company is doing it. For all we know, OnePlus is taking losses because they're propped up by Oppo. Or maybe they're able to be profitable because they just reuse other Oppo phones for their own.
What kind of phone are we going to get at $500-$600? I got my Z2F cheap, but only because T-Mobile discounted it pretty steeply. This phone already has a couple of compromises (headphone jack, no water resistance, average camera, smallish battery).

Personally, I'd like to see bundles with this phone. Free mod and style shell upon purchase would be a good start. Bundled BT ear buds would also be nice. 
Thanks for the info. I'll look into that if I'm ever needing a pair besides the Distance.
The battery is almost always good enough to get me through a day without needing a second charge. I use the power pack for when I forget to charge it or when I'm going to be using it more than normal.
Yes. Glass and metal aren't practical for use without a case. Glass is fragile and metal is slippery.

Curved glass screens are also stupid. They are bad for viewing angles and difficult to protect.

Absurd thinness has created ridiculous protruding camera humps and reduced the size of batteries and has also cost us the headphone jack in many cases.
That is a great idea.
Third time I've seen them and definitely the best. Incredible show. I also love that theater. Great sound and interior design.
"A lot of people in the morgue had right of way."
Ran a PR 20:20 5k yesterday. Previous PR was 20:26. Was aiming for sub 20 but it was 20° out and the air was thin and dry.

That's a lot of 20s.
No not at all actually. Not sure why you would jump to that conclusion. My experience with returns is actually the opposite. 

I don't find them to be any more knowledgeable than myself when it comes to shoes. It's always been "do they feel good?" and that's the extent of the conversation. I get that that's the most important thing but I can do that myself.

I've also felt pressured into buying shoes that weren't great for me because they have few options in my size (7.5). 

Now I just buy Newtons online, which are impossible to find in stores anyways.
This isn't "food for thought." This is you choosing to be ignorant. You've been provided dozens of examples. Now sit in the corner and be ashamed of yourself for asking such a stupid question.
Literally an ad. Remove this garbage.
Incredible.
Make sure your dog is a breed that can run the distance you want to run. Many dogs are sprinters and shouldn't be running miles at a time.
"Experts" lol. Depends on where you go. My local store is good but far from experts.
I think local stores after overrated.
No there isn't.
No.
Why not Google Wear or G-Wear?
Return them.
Always liked Mediabridge armbands.
Just picked up a pair of Newton Distance VI. Excited to try them.
Going through your post history, you're either suffering from anger issues, or a bored troll. Either way, I suggest time away from Reddit.

As far as "insult the American", I couldn't care less. I thought you couldn't possibly be so thick as to so selectively read just PART of a sentence so I thought I'd clarify. That being said, I hope you find better things to get your panties in a bunch about in the future.
I was using it as an example. Is that lost on you?

I literally even said "or whatever generation."
This is going to be my last response.

What you're saying doesn't mean anything. Just because there's a standard font doesn't mean that's what's selected out of the box. If VZW told Samsung that they want the VZW GS7 or whichever generation to have a different font out of the box, Samsung would do it. Is this such a difficult concept for you to grasp? They cave on a ton of other shit like bloatware. Why could they not change the font?
And you win the argument by proving that on one phone, the default was different.
So that's been the default font for every Galaxy on every carrier since Galaxy line started? Okay buddy.
Maybe it's the default for some carrier versions?
A bunch of people I know have Galaxies and the default font looks like that.
You're surprised breweries want the option to sell more beer?
He has a Galaxy.
Thanks!
I've seen a lot less marketing for it.
Some people are just stupid though. They look nothing alike.
You're gonna fucking love it. I've seen them twice, once with Floor and once with Annette. Both great shows.
I have the flex glass protector from VZW and it's a great fit but is all scratched up now, and the touch sensitivity leaves something to be desired. How's the installation of this one different than others?
Keep those Z phones coming. Love the mods.
I don't want that though. Part of the appeal is just slapping it on, and still having access to your usb port. No thanks.
There is no "regular Z" in the second generation, therefore there is no thinness to lose. There's the Force and the Play, that's it. The Play lost battery life but gained a waaaay better camera over it's predecessor. The Z2 Force has a shatterproof plastic screen, but also has an improved camera. It also is ridiculously thin, if that's something you care about.
I don't disagree but you said the second was worse than the first on every major selling point. That's simply not true. That's all I was getting at. It's literally just the battery that's worse and it still gets really good battery life.
The only thing worse about the Z2 play from the original is the battery life. The camera on the second generation is light years ahead. Get a grip.
Dude the mods are guaranteed for multiple generations and the power packs are way better than power banks. You won't look like a doofus charging your phone at a bar, and it turbo charges as well.

The game pad is ridiculous. If you use emulators, its perfect. No shitty Bluetooth connection and no having your phone mounted on top of the controller.
Maybe the speaker is, but the gamepad is awesome, the battery packs are waaaaay better than power banks, and the 360 camera is cheaper than any alternative.
Dude they're attached by a series of magnetic pins that's only on the Z series.
You don't have to carry around a bunch of stuff. I have a couple and they stay at home til I need them. Going out after work? Bring the battery mod. Gotta do something at the DMV? Bring the gamepad.
Wait wait wait.

Exercise is good for you? Color me shocked.
-Less wear on the port

-Charge your phone while it's standing up

-Easier to just set the phone on a pad rather than plugging it in.
>Yeah the average user really doesn't have anything on their phone that they'd give a fuck about people seeing

I don't know about that. I have stuff on my phone I definitely don't want people to see, but I feel like a fingerprint sensor is secure enough.
Or, for all we know, Samsung just makes worse sensors.
Omfg with my Moto gamepad? Yes please!
All the major One phones through the U11, the only sub-par phone was the M9.
Most everything I've read about people hating notches is the stupid fucking shape.
Stupid.
This is satire right?
Stupid. Nexus 5X had its share of problems, but it was perfect to hold.
You're a goddamn clown. End of story.
Pharmacists are the biggest advocates for less antibiotic prescribing.
Private in the fact that it's not government owned.
It's not that people don't give a rat's ass. It's that there's not an alternative if you want the X's features. I'm sure most people would prefer no notch.
Quit after WOTLK and haven't been back.
This is a total strawman. It has nothing to do with people thinking they're losing screen and everything to do with it being a stupid fucking shape.
They always said it tasted better out of the can. Nothing to do with appearance.
Depends on the source.

From dictionary.com: "the use of violence and threats to intimidate or coerce, especially for political purposes"

"Especially" does not mean "limited to."
As a smartwatch owner, I wouldn't even bother if it wasnt designed for fitness as well.
What an ugly pos.
There's no evidence of anything you just said.
This option would have to be $20 or more to be realistic.
JUST DONT BUY THE FUCKING GAME.
Try the Google camera app. You'll have to sideload it though.
Your suggested friends list consists of dozens to maybe hundreds of people. I'll chalk this up to coincidence.
I think the new design is way nicer.
Seeing Sip more is a result of a few things:

-bigger batches

-stores still limiting to one 4pack per customer

-more excellent beer coming out of the local scene

-batch variance

Grey Sail has also upped production overall so naturally you're going to see more CD. This has been going on for a few months now.

As far as G-Bot, you're just seeing a recent canning run and it will likely disappear again soon.
If you're getting notifications that someone posted a photo and you're not tagged in the photo, it's because you have notifications turned on for that person.
ITT: people that don't know how to use Facebook.
The "new photo" notifications are there because you selected to receive notifications from anything that person does.
Dude is intolerable. Every other sentence from his mouth is some trash about bashing millennials.
Difference between a 6p and a Pixel 2 is not $700.
One bad apple spoils the bunch. Don't be ignorant.
Nah.
Suspend him.
Nothing to feel guilty about.
Idk, I have a $70 pair of Treblab X2s that I got for $35 and I'm not seeing anywhere near a $90 difference in value there. The pairing thing seems cool, but they're not even sweatproof according to another poster, which obviously makes them a no-go for runners.
Go to a store and try things on. Preferably a store that specializes in running shoes.
Seems like a bad idea.
Soundgarden, Super Unknown is one of my favorites to run to.
Never right before. Something light an hour or two before is fine. If you're running for an hour or more, best to fuel up a bit.
*then
Can someone explain to me what makes the Air Pods so great?
Hmm. That makes it at least worth looking at.
You never paid $300 for a flagship Android device. They were $200-$300 WITH a one or two year contract. Now I can buy the Galaxy unlocked from Amazon or Best Buy or Samsung and use it on any carrier for any amount of time.
I didn't say it wasn't bad or wrong. I'm saying it's not a conspiracy.
Again, this has been a known norm for decades.
You can get more than $200 selling your phone.
Having pre-planned questions for politicians is not unusual. That's been a known norm for decades.
It's bad to keep dogs from accessing anywhere humans have access to. Dogs are pack animals and they need to feel as such.
He lies within one second when he says "15 minutes after shooting." Why should I believe anything in the video after that? He's a fucking lying piece of shit.
What an embarrassing post.
His entire video history is full of dumb positions.
Semi-automatic weapons with a detachable magazine, and a pistol grip.
When has Google been known to price things things correctly? Pixel C was $500 without the keyboard.
You will be fine as long as you listen to your body.
Someone give me a reason to buy new stuff. I have five or six pairs of New Balance shorts that are fine. Free tech shirts from races. Under Armor socks that seem durable. My shoes probably have another two months on them.
Polar M600 could probably do this though I don't listen to podcasts, it can store music.
Lol @ that price. Come on. $500 would be closer to reality.
Smiling is a nervous reaction for many people.
Oh the sun sets at 3:00pm now in Florida in February? Because here in Connecticut, it's setting past 5.
One of the victims of Sandy Hook was one of my best friends.

Just sayin.
I mean, yes. But it was also a feature of the 820 and 821. The OG Pixels have it as does the HTC 10.
Sounds like you've never had good pizza.
Besides this, enemies can't damage you in statue form.
Curved screens are stupid and pointless.
>geotus

Some cringey shit in this sub.
It's true. KK on my Z3 was the tits.
Oh god. This is some cringey shit right here.
Correct, but I don't think any $350 phone is going to struggle with those things. $350 can get you an HTC 10, which isn't going to have any problems running social media and music apps.
I mean, any phone does those things.
This is such a laughably inaccurate statement. The 10 and U11 have just as good cameras as their Samsung counterparts, though the 10 was worse out of the box. The software experience is far better on HTC than Samsung. The comparison between speakers is laughable at best.
I would make it easier to access mental health care and try to eliminate the stigma behind it.
It's a combination of both. I can assure you a larger bezel offers better protection than a smaller one.
The M8 and 10 were both regarded as great phones. MKBHD seems to be the outlier here on the U11. All the Android blogs really liked it and so did bigger sites like theverge and Engadget.
Because less bezel makes it more vulnerable to impact.
Call me crazy, but it's a phone. I want it to be stable, secure, fast, comfortable to use, and to take great pictures. What it looks like, I couldn't give less of a shit about. A plain black slab is fine almost all the time for me. More power to you if you care that much about bezel though. I think the bezel-less trend is stupid and bad for customers.
Edge display is stupid and doesn't add anything. It also makes it impossible to find a proper screen protector. I don't even prefer the slight curve on the U11 but it's much worse on the GS8. If I'm paying $700 for a device, I should be able to protect it properly.
>dull design of the front

Lol.
I'd take it over any Samsung, LG, or any phone from a Chinese manufacturer.
Okay then you just don't prefer it then. Most people really like the camera on the Galaxy.
Most don't care about most of the shit you mentioned. They've always had shitty marketing and that's what's holding them back. Their flagship phones  are almost always universally praised. Their sales have very little to do with OS updates, security updates, or Sense.
Let's not lie about the camera. I don't like Galaxies but the camera on my S7 was definitely top notch.
No.
Lol said like someone that knows nothing about the phone.
What is "acting like kids?" Running around and being loud is not appropriate behavior for a brewery. I have no problem with kids if they're being well-behaved. If you have a kid that needs constant entertainment, make sure you have something to entertain them.
I like the bottom logo. Shaped like CT.
It's probably referring to being the victim of a crime.
I think I already know the reason for this (blocked) but I guess I'm looking for confirmation.

I saw an old comment from an old friend on an "on this day" post from nine years ago. I clicked on the person's profile and it said "content not available" or something to that extent.

I wasn't sure if this was a block or a glitch, because I thought if someone blocked you that old comments would disappear and/or their profile picture would not show next to their comment. The profile picture next to the comment looked current as well.

So, blocked?
Sure they are.
Oh come on.
Woosh.
No but neither did Cash.
Where does one see these things?
The great thing about dogs is they are extremely resilient and they're not as dependent on sight as humans are. My parents' dog went blind and he was still a very happy puppy. He wasn't quite as active once it happened, but he still managed to be pretty independent.
That thread is fucking hilarious.
Two weeks apparently.
Same with mine. 
Tldr?
You eat chicken wings with a fork and knife too?
Wife is 4/4 on Kyogre and I'm 0/4.
/r/comedycemetery
/r/comedycemetery
Check his flair. It isn't.
You are too stupid for words.
I work with glass products that can be dropped from waist height and will not crack or shatter. I don't think it's obvious. Seems silly for something like this to be so fragile.
Is that glass gonna break if you drop it?
Do you have a source on this?

Androidcentral makes a good case for 2 million just via VZW.

https://www.androidcentral.com/how-many-google-pixels-have-actually-sold-their-debut
He has full control over beer I believe.
No protection when using a mod. I think Incipio makes a case that's mod compatible, but you have very few options overall.

The good thing is the power packs tend to be grippy, so as long as you're not wearing gloves, it's unlikely to just slip out of your hand.
Steamed burgers are fucking awesome.
The water resistance is such nonsense. Sony has been making water resistant phones for at least 4 years or so.
Got a Moto Z Gamepad and it's a dream.
And people here wonder why this sub is so widely mocked.
Are Pixels failing hard? I know quite a few people with them. Sure they're not selling like Galaxies, but they seem to be doing okay.
Music via earphones is still distracting. Moreso than via car stereo. Get a grip. You're intentionally making yourself a worse driver.
You have nothing to worry about.
No, you're not. You're missing important things on the road like sirens, horns, maybe tires screeching. You sound like the person that thinks they're more focused when they're driving drunk. You're a worse driver and you're doing everyone else a disservice by driving that way.
It's more distracting listening to headphones. You miss important sounds on the road. Sirens, tires screeching, horns. None of that is impaired by listening to music at a moderate volume.
Gboard.
That doesn't make sense. Deaf people aren't being distracted by noise going directly into their ear. Their focus is still on the road.
Constantly correcting were to we're.
Manchester.
http://www.courant.com/community/middletown/hc-news-middletown-middlesex-hospital-flu-20180207-story.html#nt=oft12aH-1gp2

According to the link, Hartford Hospital normally sees 350-400 flu cases, and this year has already seen 520.

I work at Middlesex, and I have been for about 10 years now, and this year is definitely worse than previous years.
I have the Treblab X2s. The sound is great and they stay in my ears all the time. Sometimes it feels like the connection isn't so great but they've never outright lost connection.
Never.
Your HIITs aren't very intense. I'd try doubling the quantity, minimum.
Cool story bro.
Good to hear you don't want to kill yourself. That would be the last thing I want to hear right now.
You can't just pull numbers out of your ass and say "it should have been $550." By that logic, it should have been $200. Razer did market research to decide what would be best for them. I'm sure they just didn't randomly decide on $700 and hope for the best.

This phone is not for you. Want a biscuit? Here's a list of games that run at 120hz. 

https://www.xda-developers.com/razer-phone-120hz-games-official-list/

Injustice and Mortal Kombat X alone have over 5 million combined downloads. Vainglory and Arena of Valor have another combined million. Modern Combat 5 has millions also.

So just because YOU'RE playing shitty rhythm games doesn't mean everyone else is. 
You can easily get two full days in effiency mode with the mod.
It will be a lot more money too.
It's 3450mah if I'm not mistaken.
You were good until battery life.
No.
No Pats are worse still.
Fantastic offense. Trick plays, rushing it on second and long, Foles and Brady threading the needle quite a few times. There was definitely busted coverage a few times but it was definitely outstanding O.
Sickness/flu.
Maybe the flu is what I'm reading.
That's not the same at all.
Not really since you can pay it off in full at any time.
Good for you. Other people do use it.
NFC does things besides Android Pay.
Mods will also be 25% off.
If that's what every sub does, what makes this post cringe-worthy?
Their running watches are phenomenal.
That's literally what /r/the_donald does.
This sub sucks.
Wtf does time have to do with it? The biggest problem with the mods is they're overpriced. But they genuinely work well and as advertised. The Turbo Power Pack and game pad are incredible mods.
Why is DxO even relevant still?
I'd say the HTC U11 should be considered along with the others mentioned.
Tell that to V20 owners.
There is no standard.
Lol my Z2 Force was $300.
Can't you touch phones nowadays and it transfers everything?
The phone is a bit uncomfortable to hold since it's so thin.
Not to mention way more hours.
A misspelling of some Canadian store.
You're welcome.
Okay buddy.
You act like an idiot and wonder why someone calls you a retard. 
No shit retard. The word "OPINION" is literally in the post you replied to.
The opinion of everyone over the age of 14.
My point is that it's not even a good burn. It's a joke that's been repeated forever. It's not even figurative murder.
Friend of mine still uses one. Replaced the battery once or twice but that's it.
>Like it or not Samsung produces the best all around Android phone

Debatable and I'm inclined to disagree. My GS7 aged terribly. Slow to launch camera, poor battery life, generally slow performance. The speaker is also too quiet, the phone itself is fragile, and the slight curve makes it impossible to find a good screen protector.

It did have many positives like a great camera, a way better screen than my current device, and Disconnect Pro.

At the time, I wish I had bought an HTC 10, but I went with Samsung because of their physical presence in case I ever had a problem. I had recently been burned by a Nexus 5X.
Yes a decades only common racist joke is murder. Get some new standards.
Neat. Didn't know that the pricier models had quick reply.
My S7 unlocked was $670. These small differences are huge over time.
Not sure if that's an insult or a compliment. Dennis Rodman is maybe the best rebounder ever and has won multiple DPOY awards and is already in the hall of fame.
All three of those albums are very different from each other. City of Evil doesn't sound any closer to Waking the Fallen than Hail to the King
What a laughably inaccurate statement.
GPE phones were only sold through the Play Store, could not be financed, and were never marketed. The GS4 and the HTC phones were in line with their non-GPE counterparts price-wise. The phones being a failure had nothing to do with the phones themselves.
Man I gotta say, I have none of those issues. My Z2 Force has the potential to be my favorite Android phone of all time.
They can help provide grip and prevent scratches without adding bulk. Also a good way to customize the look of your phone as opposed to cases which all look the same.
I would just buy a fucking Pixel. Christ.
A 6" screen at 18:9 is easier to handle than a 6" screen at 16:9, because the 16:9 has to get wider to meet that number. Makes it harder to touch things on the far side of the screen.
Easier to manage with one hand.
My Polar M600 has two physical buttons.
What Garmin makes can hardly be called a smartwatch. They're fitness watches with a few smart features.
No they're not.
How many Nexus and Pixel phones have had problems verses how many Huawei phones with issues? Nexus 6, 5X, 6p, Galaxy, and Pixel 2 XL all have had major issues. Seems like the problem lies with Google.
If I made enough for my wife to never work again, why wouldn't I want that? That's 40 hours a week she can focus on other things she loves.
No you're not.
Sure they have the ability. That means opening up a production line just for Google, which could take weeks or months. That could mean expanding a factory or changing a current production line. A lot of work no matter what.
Polar M600.
Yes it did. Does Samsung make 18:9 panels at that size?
Because the displays are made by two different manufacturers.
Love my Z2 Force but man is it unwieldy. Wish it was the same as these.
Garmin FR235 or Polar M430.
I know it's just outside your price range, but a Sony XZ1 Compact is $460 on Amazon.
Just wait.
You can easily buy a new house and a new car for $150,000 and have $240,000 left over.  Those are two of the most essential things for living.
Current mods are supposed to be good for at least two generations of devices.
Different screen ratio. 16 x 10.
It was actually only 5.3"! Crazy how far we've come.
72 brings you to 84 in just a few minutes.
He's a well known asshole around these parts.
I live in Bristol. Outside of 6, traffic is fine. 72 rarely gets backed up for lengthy periods of time.
Man you're really offended for me saying cheap 4K TVs are trash. Which is true.
I can assure you that any 4K 50" TV that costs $300 is garbage. And have fun sitting 3' from your TV to get the full benefit of 4K on a screen that size.

http://carltonbale.com/1080p-does-matter/
I love stuff like this. A while back during a run, a guy on the sidewalk started cheering me on, calling me a beast. Got me totally hyped.
Which is everywhere.
I'm honestly not familiar with the problems of the Mi Box. I was simply pointing out an affordable Android TV option.
Here from /r/all. Context?

Edit: FFS sorry for asking for some clarification.
Mi Box is like $75.
No it won't.
That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works.
No. Go see a doctor.
The Polar M430 is probably just as good. There will probably not be a 240 this year.
The article says she's gonna get 25 years. Am I misreading something?
What's the conspiracy?
1. Med delivery. Nurses pull their meds from Pyxis machines. Pharmacy techs refill these machines.

2. IVs. Pharmacy techs make most IV drugs.

3. Packaging. Many drugs only come in bulk bottles and need to be packaged individually.
I do quite a few things in my hospital and my interactions with nurses is almost strictly limited to med delivery and small talk.
Junk.
Word. Like every other phone oem makes a phone with a 360° camera and a game pad already built in.
They don't have to give up iMessage. It would replace the SMS fallback of iMessage.
I'm 35 and I use mostly SMS. Most of my friends use SMS.
Do you have home or work as a place where the phone is always unlocked?
Some/all of the G models do not have NFC. If this is critical to you look elsewhere. NFC is needed to use Android Pay.
Kinda weird since it was by far the nicest one.

The next Z Generation won't be here until July or August. Quite a ways off still.
Wait for the S9. By the time it drops, V30 will have dropped in price. Win/win.
So if it's not rape, molestation, abuse or sexual assault, what is it?
It's such nonsense. I can remember my PRs to the minute and a couple to the second. More serious runners know all their PRs to the second.
Moto is committed to mods and the most recent batch is supposed to be supported for the next two or three generations of Play/Force.

I only have the TurboPower mod atm, but I'm considering the gamepad to improve emulator experience.
Poor performance at night time.
Z2 Force here. Just have the Moto TurboPower mod. Mostly works fine but I've had an issue or two with it. Once the phone couldn't read how much battery was in it.

Coming from a GS7. I feel like my service isn't as good at work, where I'm in a hospital. Still acceptable though.

Also had some GPS issues in New Jersey and New York last month but that was the only time it happened.

Overall, would recommend if you can deal with the occasional quirk. It's super snappy, takes pretty good pics, and has surprisingly good battery life for the small battery and big screen.
That was such a bleak episode.
Cavs are 26-17. Not 26-20.
So if it wasn't AW, you'd be okay with it?
My Polar m600 is great.
Dcrainmaker.com
Getting a good pair.
Provider?
Why not?
Hmm, Netflix has been a bit choppy lately.
A lot of parents are fucking crazy and don't deserve an ear.
Do you want to get laid or not? Because you won't acting like this.
Time to change buddy. And what better time than now? 😊
Don't even mention the awkward part.
I don't want to drag this on but I want to see you do well. 

You have nothing to lose.

She likes you.

Not asking her out again might actually make her think SHE did something wrong. Because she had a great time and she'll be combing through the night wondering what she did wrong when it was in fact nothing. Just because she's a girl doesn't mean it was easy for her to put herself out there and invite  you back to her place. 

You owe it to her and yourself to get a second date. And I can promise you when the window is passed, you're going to regret not doing it. You should literally be texting her right now getting a second date. No one ever got laid by being passive. Just do it man. You will feel a lot better, I promise.
She already likes you. Enough to sleep with you apparently. I can assure you that if you ask her on another date, she will definitely say yes.
Dude just call her and go out again.
How hard would it be to get something like this going in Connecticut?
I have a Z2 Force. When I hold the camera icon, I get options for video, selfie, and depth photo.

Initially didn't see that you referred to the Play specifically but I assumed they were the same anyways.
It does for me at least.
Better according to DxO.
Moto Z2 Force or Play with Moto Mod battery pack is close.
Nexus 5X wasn't sold through TMobile.
A proper Zelda cosplay. Shocked.
Been having this problem about once a week. It sucks but this does fix it.
Oh no, my reputation on Reddit. Whatever will I do? You call me childish yet you threaten me with downvotes? Get real dude. I don't care what you think. If you simply asked "why?" in your first reply, I'd give you an answer. Instead you acted like a rude asshole.
I think the downvotes on the link are doing it enough. He's a shit writer with shit opinions.
God I hate David Ruddock.
Run slower.
Impossible to tell.
T-Mobile.
I love my Polar M600.
Which watch did you use? My M600 is pretty good at it.
Been wearing New Balance shorts as long as I've been running. A few years in, all still in very good shape.

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GGOBK02?ref=yo_pop_ma_swf

Have had the Polar M600 for a few months now. Bright screen, music storage, and Android Wear were the selling points. Very good watch. Poor battery life due to it being AW, but that's it. Still get nearly two days. It doesn't have a few things others might want like continuous heart rate, but not important to me.
 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01I5GC2CY/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_c.LvAb6T77F6Z
If you want an AW device, go with the Polar M600. It's definitely the most fleshed out sport/smart hybrid.

And speaking of Polar, the M430 is also a very good running watch.
Its so inefficient I can't imagine people bothering.
I liked Arkangel. Metalhead sucked and Black Museum was okay, but such a circlejerk.
No.
My Galaxy S7 was months behind on security updates and still on 7.0 when I upgraded last month to a Z2 Force. Fuck Samsung. People buy unlocked phones for faster software updates. Instead, Samsung took a shit on them.
Lol "no reason why" the video is back up. I fucking wonder.
I have two actually lol.
Depends on the mod. The JBL speakers, the gamepad and all of the battery mods are less than this. The projector is practically free at this point with the amount of deals it's had.
I have a Z2 Force and I love it. I don't know how well this or the Play are selling, but to me it seems like they should be pricing the mods lower to drive up phone sales. There's a lot of mods I like but I'm having a hard time justifying the cost. So far I have a battery mod and I want the gamepad mod. The 360 camera seems cool, but it's also like $225. This keyboard is entirely too expensive.
Mine had the SD820. Maybe you'll have better luck.
Start applying at hospitals.
Ya I thought my GS7 was great too. Give it 18 months.
My Galaxy S7 was a piece of shit. Just because something is popular and sells well doesn't mean it's good. Look at mainstream music, TV, etc. If people gave HTC a fair shake when picking out their device, they would sell better.

Sony is another example. A dumbass friend of mine recently bought a Galaxy J3 because it was the smallest phone At&t sold at the store. A month after buying it, she fucking hates it. I told her to check out the Sony XZ1 Compact. She had no idea it even existed. She also didn't do any research whatsoever.
Damn that's really good for retail!
There's no room for advancement, and the managers and I have a damaged relationship.

I've been offered other hospital jobs but I can't take a $3/hour pay cut plus paying for parking on top of it.
Connecticut. Twelve years, last nine at the same hospital
Ya I'm aware that I'm paid pretty well. My job just isn't fulfilling any more though. Wondering if I can go elsewhere and make comparable pay.
We're sporadically getting the NS add-vantage bags in but can barely use them because so many of the add-vantage products and the adapters are also on backorder.

We can't get D5W in any size and NS 250ml has been out for weeks.

Sterile water, we're just getting what we can, but vials are mostly reserved for nursing so they can IV push 2gm cefazolin. Liters of SW are no longer available so we've been ordering 2 liter bags. Our hospital policy is to toss them after 6 hours of opening so massive amounts of it are going to waste. 
Maybe the south was on to something with state's rights.
STOP CHANGING WERE TO WE'RE. THAT'S ALL I FUCKING WANT AT THIS POINT.
IFTTT can probably do that.
Think you need a colon after linkme.
Crazy that the phone with the biggest battery won.
Probably dead.
This looks like a great event but $65 is a lot for a list that's half "tbd."
Agreed. Got mine on Cyber Monday for $300 too. Absolute steal.
https://www.verizonwireless.com/accessories/flexible-glass-display-protector-moto-z-droid/
Also coming from a GS7. I feel night shots are a bit worse.
A more expensive snowblower can handle a foot or more. The ones you've used are pieces of shit.
I can't speak for others but I have it and it's great. The ones on Amazon have mostly poor reviews so I went with what was recommended here.
The flexible glass protector from Verizon is very good.
I almost downvoted this out of rage.
Only one of those three is considered ID.
Man you might be the only person that loved the Z3V. That phone was such a bastard combo of a Z2 and Z3.
Thanks. Looks good.
Can I get some deets on this?
In 2011 he had over 900 yards rushing and 400 yards receiving in just ten games. Was on pace to have one of the all time greatest seasons ever.
Didn't sell due to being only sold in the Play Store, no marketing, and no way to finance. This was at a time when most people were still getting phones subsidized.
Generic survival horror.
If I ran for an hour straight, I'd cover 8 miles. I like to be conservative with my calorie burning estimates, so it would be around 800-900 calories. I'm also 145lbs. A fat person would burn much more.
HTC Evo 3D. Poor/no dust protection, slower than shit, lousy camera. OPO isn't a far off second. Had the phantom touch bug that wasn't acknowledged for months.
Might have better luck asking Polar. I've had two of their watches and had problems both times. Just kept rebooting, turning Bluetooth on and off until it took.
Considering the price and that they could get frisky, I'm guessing it was a matinee.
35/married here. 2-4 times per week.
I use the Spigen Tough Armor. This phone is so ridiculously thin that it's still very comfortable in my pocket after adding it.

As far as the camera, I've had other phones with a protruding lens and never had an issue. I doubt this one will be any different.
My camera basically turned purple.
Mods here are a bunch of pricks.
Not really. He's saying people in authority constantly get away with reckless and traitorous actions and no one does shit. I don't disagree. By all accounts Pai, and anyone that abuses their position of power should be in jail or executed.
This sounds like it applies more to the playerbase.
Hardy har har.
Insta felony? 25 to life.
As far as the US is concerned:

-poor marketing

-phones don't work on two of the four major carriers, and the other two don't carry them

-high price for a phone with large bezels and no working finger print sensor

-average camera

Xperias perform very well and are very fast with updates. After that, they don't have any advantage over the competition.
You pretty much nailed it. It's for people that want ChromeOS on a premium device. That's pretty much it. Overpriced? Sure. But more options is only a good thing.
Just watched this one the other day. The whole episode is great.
What? It just came out.
>I fell in love with the OnePlus 5T and was about to buy it, but I just found out that it can't stream Netflix in HD.

This will probably be fixed in the near future though it's difficult to know exactly when.

>-I really like the concept of the LG V20 but LGs bootloop, a lot.

Though it's part of the ongoing lawsuit, bootloops did not occur on the V20 at anywhere near the same rate as previous LG phones.
Why would you put one more per line on the right? Makes it much more difficult to compare.
That phone is like 8 months out. No one knows anything about it
Drinking diet drinks tend to lead to hunger which causes weight gain. You're better off drinking the non-diet versions because of this.

Seems the link proves what I said.
Go. You'll regret not.
There's no way cutting out soda makes him worse. In theory, he should lose weight which would make him a better runner. Caffeine is good for running only if it's near the time of a run.
You will probably lose weight and be better hydrated which should make you a little bit of a  better runner, but pretty minimally.

The best way to get better at running is running more frequently for longer periods of time and sleeping better.
I'd add the HTC U11 to the discussion. Software is pretty lean, not as lean as the Pixel but much more than the GS8. Camera is very good.
Pretty limited here. Personally I'd recommend an LG V20 and see if you can get it used on Swappa or wait for a price drop on new ones.
They're both clearly offensive fouls.
New Year's stuff doesn't take much space. It's probably on a nearby endcap.
Z2 Force is $375 through TMobile. Got mine on Cyber Monday for $300.
Z2 Play has a 626 not a 660.
Stores are in the business to make money. Empty shelves means lost money. Don't like it? Don't shop there. No one's forcing you to.
I don't think they could be making much at $29 a battery. The labor alone probably costs that.
I've worked retail in quite a few places. Target's New Year's section was one or two end caps. Valentine's Day stuff gets a whole section because it needs a whole section. And also, what are they going to do with that extra space, leave it empty? 

When I worked at Walgreens, the week leading up to Valentine's Day was the highest grossing week of the year and Valentine's Day itself was the highest grossing day of the year.
New Years stuff? Like what? Party hats and champagne glasses? And if we're complaining about things being too early, spring stuff would be even worse.
Scheduling mishaps happen all the time. Recently I was scheduled to work six days at my 40 hour per week job while being on call for three consecutive overnights. I showed the scheduler and we both got a good laugh out of it and she promptly fixed it.
Why is this infuriating? They have a seasonal section. Should they just leave the shelves empty?
Use a different app.
It won't happen. Just start convincing your friends to use Allo, Telegram, WhatsApp or whatever.
I like Swiftkey but I love the swipe on space bar to move the cursor on Gboard.
The other day I used the word "branching" and it combined it with the previous word into some next level gibberish.
Half the time? More like 90%.
Hardware flaws aside, those devices ran extremely well at the two year mark. The 2013 Nexus 7 could charge wirelessly to make up for the shitty usb port. 

It's too bad about your Z3. The only issue I was aware of was the magnetic charger.
The screens on the XL and regular are made by two different manufacturers.
HTC One M8, Nexus 7 2013, Nvidia Shield, Xperia Z3. All aged remarkably. Only reason I'm not still using a Z3 is T-Mobile.
Lol
Using a Z2 Force and it might be the first time I'm not jealous of my wife's iPhone's performance. Hella fast.
HTC One M7 came out in 2013. The One X came out in 2012
Wow /r/Android has #1 on /r/all.
HTC U11.
Not only that, they're top 4 or 5 market share in the US.
Besides the obvious (many LG phones, phones with SD808 and SD810), my GS7 turned into hot garbage before the one year mark. Bad performance, shit battery life, slow opening camera.

Also, my original Android phone, the HTC Evo 3D was probably the worst Android device I ever owned. No dust resistance made it extremely difficult to use under bright light by the two year mark. The performance hit was worse than any phone I've ever used. Typed out whole words before any letters appear. 5+ seconds to open apps. Was so bad. I can't believe I actually bought an M7 after that experience. Glad I did because that phone might still be my favorite Android phone of all time.
The One M7 was such a great phone. I only "upgraded" because the camera became unusable.
HTC is plenty good at updating.
Vizio's 2016 line was dumb TVs with Chromecast built in. Apparently people bitched though and for 2017 that changed. Damn shame.
You own the copyright.
Samsung releases Galaxy J and A devices yet no one mistakes them for flagships.
Try running slower for longer period of time. And yes dropping weight would help.
If you're getting shin splints, you either need new shoes, have poor form, or are running too hard or too long. Try running slower. Maybe get shoes with more cushioning as well.
Well, he's still overweight. Also, unfortunately you can't control where you burn fat. It looks like his body is holding onto face fat disproportionately more than other parts of his body.
So much edge.
I was talking about the post above mine, not the pic. But that's besides the point since I missed where he says they are mutual friends.
You're right, I missed that the first time.

And I never said photos were a requirement.
No shit.
Essential has one mod. Moto has like 10. And they've already said they will be supported for years to come.

https://www.droid-life.com/2017/02/22/lenovo-current-moto-mods-will-compatible-next-3-years-phones-12-new-ones-coming/
Not only would it be not as good as iMessage, it would arguably make it worse than what it currently is. The benefit of imessage is its seamlessness. That's impossible to accomplish with Android and the ability to set default apps.
I think you're missing the point. If I lose a data connection and send an Allo message to someone whose default SMS app isn't Allo, they're gonna end up with that message in Textra or AM or something else, completely ruining the experience.
https://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/53uvvu/_/
https://www.reddit.com/r/android/comments/53uvvu/_/
And it never will be.
Sharing pics via Photos accounts rather than texting it to them. This will keep the pic from compressing much or at all.

Get everyone on WhatsApp or Allo and Duo.

You could get a family Play Music account.
Like a rectangle but not 90° angles.
I work in a hospital.
*vancomycin
A lot of people don't have PTO and can't afford to miss a week of work.
I thought Jessica Jones and first season of DD were very good. Cage was good during the first half and bad during the second. Iron Fist definitely sucked. Second season of DD was pretty good, mostly the Punisher parts.
Jessica Jones.
We could have been having this same conversation 5 years ago when lightning came out. Android was all micro-usb while iPhones had two different chargers. Phasing out the old and phasing in the new is how new standards happen. It's not overnight. 

And USB-C is superior to lightning.
Android is going through a phase change just like iPhones have. In a year, everything will be on USB-C. Almost all Samsungs, Lgs, Pixels, and Motos have moved to USB-C already.
Not if they have a 4S.
Wtf are you going on about? Samsung doesn't do proprietary stuff.
If you have an Android phone and your friend has an Android phone, there's a 50% chance your friend has the same charger. 

If your friend has an iPhone, there's a 0% chance he has the same charger.
My point is the name is now tarnished.
Because it ruins the opportunity for someone else to come along and make the story true to the book. No one can make a real WWZ movie now.
Wasn't on my S7.
Which would never work.
Why NN when you could have Netflix, Hulu, and Hbo?
I don't know about this or the S8 but the US unlocked GS7 had mostly removable bloatware compared to the carrier versions.
The two phones couldn't be more different. Go with whatever one matches your needs.
Have you considered spending the money to replace the battery rather than spending that much on a new phone? In the other threads talking about this whole Apple ordeal, people are claiming that a new battery will help the performance.
Depends on your needs.
Turn the ringer to off/vibrate while watching a video.
Man did I love this rom on my M7.
I have a Z2F. It's a bit unwieldy but otherwise I like it. Snappy, pretty good camera, and surprisingly good battery life.
Like those sugar-free Haribo gummy bears.
Are you me? I had a two week lull from running because work was kicking my ass. My mood was all over the place. Last week I broke back into my normal routine and in a couple days I was all better.
Or maybe there isn't shit left for phones with replaceable batteries so he was forced to buy something without. The only widely available phone with a replaceable battery and a high-end camera that came out in 2016 was the LG V20 and LG G5. It's slim pickings.
All I want is package tracking, appointments/schedule/reminders, nearby traffic, and how my sports teams are doing. That's literally it.
https://gfycat.com/UnripeIndelibleCommongonolek
Jesus this is straight up cancer right here.
Use gboard and search for gifs from there.
Any of those things could potentially speed up your phone.
Yes.
Close to 5.
The main drawback with the Z2 Force is that it's scratch-sensitive.
Assuming money is no issue, the Moto Turbo is the better one.
There are return policies on apps.
Not to mention the women.
Looks like a sack to me.
Fuck him. He should be looking at the season.
There was an issue recently about them lying about what storage type they use in their phones. Also, they posted pictures that were taken with a Canon Rebel and implied they were taken with the Mate 9.
I'm not really sure what you're getting at. I said Samsung released a phone with a 4000mah battery, which they did.
Way to move the goal post asshole.
What a load of shit.
S8 Active.
Performance should be fine. Its only 18 months old. It will probably get 8.0 and that will probably be the last major update. How much are you paying?
It was about total nonsense. Topic of discussion was about AndroidOS. I can't imagine a stupider thing to get worked up about.
I'm having the same issue. I had my phone set to remain unlocked if connected to my AW. Now it won't. Let me know if you come up on a solution.
You cite one example and think otherwise? Samsung, HTC, Razer, and Huawei released phones this year with ~4000mah batteries. The G2 was the exception that year, not the norm. HTC One M7 had only 2300 mAh and the GS4 only had 2600.
I get it. I really do. I use Bluetooth buds at the gym. But I'd be lying if I said the battery never died and I forgot to charge it.
Sometimes people forget. I know that sounds crazy.
Another thing to charge.
Many people own memory cards already and don't feel the need to purchase another.
Not at all. My posts added to the conversation, up until the point I had to reply to your stupid-ass I guess.
Downvoting is for not adding to the conversation. Which you did not.
Why do you think people want all three?
No one said it did yet. Not sure what the point of this post is.
Yes.
Textra will support RCS.
You might be right but if they were given the money with a specific task, they're still assholes.
I like it. Screen protector is a must. Getting about 4.5 hours SOT, which isn't bad considering the small battery and huge screen. Camera is pretty good. Not quite as good as my GS7 but not a steep dropoff by any means. 90% of the time I get the shot I want in one try.

Near-stock Android is the tits. Gestures are legit helpful. The phone in general is way faster than any phone I've had.

The biggest negative for me is the screen though. Doesn't get as dim or as bright as my GS7 and the blacks are noticeably worse. Still good overall but not great.

I also miss having a notification LED.

Overall, would recommend at the $375 that T-Mobile is selling it for.
If Comcast and other companies didn't just pocket the billions they were given  and could actually be bothered to develop better technology and infrastructure, it would be a non-issue. Regardless of whether it was throttling or not opening new nodes, it's still Comcast's fault as far as I'm concerned.
>don't be jelly

Lol no one here is jealous.
>One would think the Internet was invented in 2015 for all the butt hurt over this.  Internet was fine before NN and will continue being fine after.

My point was this is simply not true. ISPs have been fucking you for years. And the reason your internet is shit when everyone uses Netflix is entirely the fault of your provider. Not your neighbors. Not Netflix. Your provider has the capability and money to improve infrastructure and they choose not to because they are greedy pieces of shit.
What an embarrassing post.
Internet was not fine before 2015. Netflix had to pay Comcast to not throttle it. Other providers have blocked things like P2P, FaceTime, and Skype until they were told it was illegal. Verizon charged customers $20 for tethering even though they had an agreement not to. ISPs were given billions to build fiber lines that never happened, they just pocketed the money. Get a grip. The internet has been fucked for a while.
What's the advice?
Assuming we're talking about the 2017 versions of each, I'd say anyone should notice the difference immediately.
For a brand that prides itself on security, it's garbage.
That's fine but it's still noticeably worse than the Force. Imagine what you could do with an even better camera.
Cool as a cucumber.
The camera on the Force is light years ahead of the Play.
Mine does very slightly to when I put my ear next to it.
Where would you keep it if you don't wear a jacket?
Came from a rabidly religious household. Took me to my mid 20s to form my own opinion on it. Basically at some point I realized you'd have to be stupid to WANT to be gay with assholes like me thinking homosexuals are pieces of shit.
It's almost as if they don't give a shit because they're not making much money.
Do older versions of the app do this?
Just compatible Motorola phones.
0% chance on the latter.
And Samsung.
It's a Moto Mod. I don't think it will work.
Good.
T-Mobile is garbage with updates. I had a Z3 that came with 4.4. Got updated to buggy-af 5.0.2. Never saw another update despite Sony bringing it all the way to MM for the unlocked versions.
I'm glad. Mine is shit. That's why I moved on.
GS8 Active is pretty close to that.
Samsung isn't going to use a notch.
Considering it was a $700 phone and carrier versions are getting updated faster than unlocked versions, yes I'm complaining. There's no reason for the VZW GS7 to get 7.0 and 7.1 months before the unlocked versions.
Holy shit.
In the meanwhile, my carrier unlocked GS7 is still on 7.0, is regularly months behind on security updates, and is generally just a joke.
Dude it's a luxury item. Of course it's a waste of money. So is my 70" TV. Who cares?
Which part of "fuck off" did you not understand?
Look, I don't really care. You said you didn't have use for a smart speaker. It's not my job to sell you on it. You don't get a proper response when using emojis ironically then saying I'm bitching and moaning. Why don't you grow the fuck up and learn to use Google instead of acting like you deserve a sales pitch or some shit. There's probably hundreds of videos on Google Home. You don't need me to convince you, and if you did, tough shit, I'm not going to. Now fuck off.
Good one. I think we're done here. Thanks for proving that you're just an overly dramatic asshole.
Point to where I'm bitching and moaning.
I'm not obligated to show you its usefulness.
I took /u/cadillacmike 's advice and got the VZW protector.

It seems to be very good but touch input seems to be a bit less responsive.
Why would he be?
Then this isn't for you.
Assistant.
Based on my understanding of what Widevine is, this is OP's fault, not Netflix's.
Someone tell me Landry can outscore Drake and Gostowski.
Well Brown just likely ended my season.
https://www.theverge.com/2017/12/10/16758728/oneplus-5t-netflix-amazon-prime-video-hd-streaming
No.
A phone that can't stream HD should not be phone of the year.
What a joke.
Still an option. Just need a backup plan.
Gotcha. Thanks.
Thanks for the advice. I'm guessing I'm going to have to transfer at Grand Central? Sorry if that's a dumb question. I have zero knowledge of train stuff.
Well, you're not wrong. But is that a gamble you wanna take?
Good for you. At the time of that vault she was 19, more than capable of thinking for herself.
Your recollection is incorrect.
I don't mean to take one side or the other, but there was a lot on the line during that vault. It's considered one of the greatest moments in sports history for that reason. Now, I know she was very young at that point, but I feel like if I had been working my whole life for that moment, an injured ankle wouldn't stop me. And it didn't stop her.
I'd check Verizon and see if there's any BOGO or trade-in deals on Galaxy S8 series. They've been pretty plentiful since the phone's release and have reduced the price into the $500ish range. 

The G6 can be had for ~$430~. Old snapdragon, but great phone and camera.

On the high side, if you were to spend $650, you could get an HTC U11, but they frequently offer $50 off deals. 

All would be pretty large upgrades in performance and camera.
Is the S8 Active an option?
What's your budget?
Plus the scratch-sensitive screen.
6pptd

Cam vs Vikings or Jimmy G @ Houston?
It's almost as if Ingram was hurt and they didn't wanna give him a heavy workload so they leaned on Brees and MT.
Collins over MT? Gutsy.
My guess is .25 per completion or something.
TBH doesn't bother me much.
No issues with that here.
Just buy a tempered glass protector.
You can get an S8 for not that much more.
Too much. Moto Z2 Force is $375. Better internals and software.
I had mine for 18 months. Seemed to slow down quite a bit and battery was garbage. But I'm also probably using my phone a lot more than your mom.
Like buying anything else, it depends on your needs.
I had a similar issue recently. Not sure how you're sending the vcard. I emailed it to myself then downloaded. No issue.
It's weird that I actually thought of him before Zeke.
Hope you're okay with a floor of about 4.
Yes.
He played every snap with Mixon out. There's zero competition in the backfield. 20 touches, 100+ yards, 3-6 catches.
Lol Five Guys. BFD.
>best 11 months of my life

That's really sad.
Oddly enough, he doesn't even really do that much.
I went with the Treblab X2. Only used once so far, but I already think they're great.
Do you speed train?
After some trial and error looking for moderately priced ear buds, I found the Treblab X2 completely wireless ear buds.

I must say, I'm very happy with them. They sound great and they're easy to pair. After 30 minutes on the treadmill, I may have adjusted them once or twice. They're listed [here](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074P4WF9B/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apap_IRkBTQHBU75bT) at $70 but there was a 50% off code that you could get through one of their Facebook posts. Not sure if it's still valid.
Would definitely start Gio over McKinnon if Mixon is hurt. Could be 20 touches for Gio. He's a catching back with maybe no competition in the backfield.
I'm hating being in a situation that I have to start Flash and GB defense.
I can't believe there's no button or gesture to skip track.
Home to one of my favorite bands: Nightwish. Thanks Finland!
GB doesn't have anywhere near the secondary that SD has. This is the matchup you've been waiting for.
Duh.
That's a tough call. Flash has a juicy matchup this week.
This is the court of public opinion. Not the court of law. Of course he's technically innocent until proven guilty. But when you that many accusers, and the Church of Scientology has covered for you, and the LAPD has done nothing, well, I think it's pretty clear what happened.
No sane person thinks Hilton has a safe floor. He's the very definition of "boom or bust."
In what dimension was grabbing Dez in the second round a good idea?
He has a concussion...so no he's not.
Not enough.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
He gave him a completely avoidable traumatic brain injury. He should be suspended until next season.
I haven't heard the mod, but if that's true, that sucks. Personally I hate Bluetooth so I'd rather have something like this.
I think the speaker mod looks pretty cool.
But this allows the port to be open to use for other things.
Like five battery mods.
Which carrier is that?
No WiFi calling?
Because they have different purposes.
Nexus 5 came out four years ago.
No.
Phew. Was worried it was gonna have half a screen.
Worst is the 810.
A few not even close and a few he fought for. Could have been much better but realistically 4/85 out of my flex is solid.
Started him over Sanu in a tight game anf that might be the difference. Praise be the Gordon.
Fuck me for starting KC D. Lowest score possible.
Are you drunk?
No one worse for Gordon to start over?
In all seriousness, do I start him over Sanu in PPR? I need big points. Must--win game for me.
Seems like a no-brainer.
He IS the show. There is no writing him out without ending it.
Maybe but the other carriers are still charging $600-$700 for it. $300 for a SD835 and near-stock Android isn't something you're gonna find anywhere else. Got mine on the way and I'm pretty pumped.
Not if you can't find a job in your field.
No worries. I'm a thinner guy and I occasionally get told I'm too skinny and I need to put on weight. It's very frustrating.
By normal weight, I meant you look like a healthy human being while he was implying you're too skinny/anorexic.
Student loans buddy.
What's with you fat faggots thinking it's okay to shame her because of her weight? There's nothing wrong with her.
Wtf are you talking about? She's normal weight.
Moto Z2 Force was discounted to $300 for Cyber Monday.
I want music on my watch because when I go for a run, my phone isn't right there. When I'm on the treadmill, I can reply to my watch instead of my phone. When my phone is in the other room charging, I don't have to leave the room to get it to reply to a message. That's the whole point; my phone isn't always right there.

I thought I'd be worried about battery life too. Turns out two days is plenty and it charges very fast. Very little inconvenience.
They don't. It's in your head.
Been going every year for the last six or so. Great event and lives up to the name.
Depends on the state.
Because an Android fitness watch like the Polar M600 does a lot more than your 235. The Polar M600 is a full on smartwatch AND fitness watch with almost zero compromises. 

My wife has the FR230, which is the same as the 235, just without the HRM. It has nearly zero smart features. It just relays notifications. 

My M600 does just about everything the FR235 does, and has storage for music, can reply to texts, and has far better variety of workout apps. At the cost of what? Plugging it in every other day? Big deal.
Those people are working harder than you.
No runners use those pieces of shit dude. You don't know what you're talking about.

And the M600 gets a solid 2 days.
I have a Polar M600. IDK what the hate is about. It relays notifications and monitors my workouts and it does both very well. What do people want out of a watch?
Trump's kids?
That is years worth of training right there. Just keep running.
Jesus would want nothing to do with this piece of shit.
ಠ_ಠ
Feel good ripping people off?
Wtf are you going on about? First two Spider-Man Movies are as straightforward as superhero movies get.
It seems solid. But for stock Android and a SD835, the expectation for performance is very high. If you're looking for Pixel-like performance, it's not there.
I don't have any personal use with it but every review has complained about stutter compared to other SD835 phones.
Probably security update.
I mean, the design is cool and the materials are great. But the three most important things to most users are camera, battery life, and performance. Essential doesn't excel at any of those.
I liked it when I first got it, but it hasn't aged well. Poor battery life, apps take too long to open, gets warm, camera takes a long time to launch from lock screen. I also don't like having to wake it to give it a voice command or use the FPS.

Great photo quality though.
I agree. So pumped to get rid of my GS7.
You can keep an eye out for it going less than $375 now that it's already gone lower once.
It was $300 on Cyber Monday.
Missing b2. Has 4 and 12.
There's no substance there. We know what happens.
3 mg of Xanax isn't going to kill anyone. Also, would he have gone to his office if he took someone's bumper off? Seems unlikely. Not saying he's telling the whole truth, just saying it doesn't seem that unlikely.

Dude was slightly buzzed, tapped a car. Thought it was no biggie because of security and went to work. Does that seem so unbelievable?

Also, as someone that's had to take a DUI test, can verify it makes you nervous af.
Looks like it worked out for the both of us.
As a runner, anything with wires is bad for me. My watch doesn't have a headphone jack, so that limits me to Bluetooth. I've tried two pairs, both with a wire. I found that they seem to amplify my step on the treadmill due to the bouncing cable. One pair also had the buttons as part of the cord and the extra weight caused them to swing into my face frequently.

So ya, totally wireless all the way for me.
How could you know?
No there won't.
Mate 9 is $400 new now.
$300 for a Moto Z2 Force is insane. It's not the best phone on the market.

But it's faster and snappier than any Galaxy, runs a nice clean OS, and the mods are pretty cool. You're not gonna find a phone with a SD835 this cheap anywhere else.
Wrong.
Worse than my old Nexus 5X? That thing had a weird motor.
Oh is it? I had no idea.
PPR, down 16 with Nuk going tomorrow.
Turns out they both blew.
Won't lose warranty from getting the fingerprint sensor operational.
XZP crushes the GS8 in software and performance. From my personal experience, Sony phones hold up much better over time than Samsungs as well.
Sot?
Dafuq? No one mentions OP positively with updates.
FYI, Olsen is estimated to play 50% of the snaps.
PPR. Pick 2. 


ASJ vs Panthers

Olsen@Jets

Hilton vs Titans
Fuck and I started him over Hunter Henry. Should I play ASJ and Hilton over him?
I'm not going to dignify this with any further response than this post. 

You are clearly just an anti-NN shill based on your post history. If you're not, then you're brain dead.
/r/badwomensanatomy
I'm getting 2ish hours sot when it was five hours at purchase. My  Xperia Z3 got around 8 hours sot and my OPO got about 6. Might get a Z2 Force since it's down to $375 through T-Mobile.
Battery life is terrible. Updates are non-existent for an unlocked phone. Still on 7.0. Did get a security update today though. First one in three or four months.
Showing bad CGI I think.
Gotcha. Was just going by OP's list. Thanks. A bit less confusing now.
Are stores doing half off or BOGO?
Thanks for the info. I'd hate to spend so much on a protector, but it seems this one is the only consistently good one.
And why was there a 5X and a 7X but not a 6X?
Sorry for all the questions. Is a corporate store just a store that isn't an authorized seller?
My S7 has not aged particularly well.
Who cares?
Do they apply it for you?
I know this was a long time ago, but wondering how this worked out. I'm thinking of getting one, but finding a good glass protector is a must for me since I've seen how easily these screens are scratched.
Now put four people on the connection. Play Overwatch while someone else streams in 1080p, and someone else streams music, and another person is playing Destiny 2. It can't be done. And even still, you're in area where you have a good connection. If you're in a rural area, you're not even playing Overwatch. Let alone those other things at the same time. 

Also, you're at risk of being throttled due to high data usage.
Mobile ISPs are a tad different. We actually have a situation where four companies minimum are fighting for your money. 

However as far as home internet goes, thats not the case. I live in central CT in a town of 50,000 or so. 

I have two internet options. Comcast and Frontier. I hate Comcast and Frontiers plans are pretty limited.

So now what do I do? I went with Comcast even though it's a total ripoff. 

There's no competition for home internet. If we're going to bury NN, we need to tear down the barriers for entry to make it easier for other ISPs to open shop.
Nightwish-Once
Just started the other day on my Switch. Does it get easier? I feel ridiculous playing it I'm so bad.
Gimme a break. This was a smear campaign from the start. There's no evidence Zeke did shit.
Yep, it looks like a phone.
Possible but extremely unlikely.
Personally I'd roll with Ajayi.
Pick two. PPR. 

Olsen@Jets

Engram@Washington

Sanu vs TB.
Net Neutrality existed before 2015. It was torn down and rebuilt. There were major problems with ISPs then and there are now.

In the past, providers have throttled Netflix, blocked P2P, and blocked FaceTime, among other things. Net Neutrality is here to ensure that those types of things don't happen again.
Who the fuck still cares about the Oscars?
How big was the drop-off in camera from the GS7 to this?
I cited one recent example of them trying to. They've successfully passed laws in 20 states making it more difficult for towns to build their own network. They're not wasting their money. They've generally been shutting it down before it happens.
Yes, they are. A simple Google on it shows otherwise. Just because they're growing doesn't mean ISPs aren't trying to stop it. There was an infamous video of an ISP made video trying to stop muncipal internet in Boulder, Colorado. They failed, but they're still trying to stop it from happening.
And big ISPs are trying to put an end to that, and have done so successfully in many areas.

I live in a city of about 50,000 people. I have two options for internet: Comcast and Frontier. And Frontier only allows up to 45mpbs down without a cable package. It's only going to get worse.
There was competition then. There isn't now.
No, it wasn't humming along just fine. Att tried blocking FaceTime. Home ISPs blocked P2P. Throttling has existed since forever. ISPs are trying to charge Netflix for using their pipes. These are just a few examples. It's always been a mess.
If you think it's bad now, what do you think will happen when they have full reign?
Polar has 25% off site-wide and they have exceptional fitness trackers. Though one could argue they're made for more serious athletes.
You don't need to continue right now. Give your legs a rest and re-evaluate your training. You're going to hurt yourself more if you continue. Half a year is plenty of time to take a break and get healthy.
Run slower.
How soon is this 10K?
Not bad. I've been trying to go sub-20 on a 5K and most recent attempt got me to 20:22. Being motivated this week has been tough though.
This is a stretch of an argument. Very few people completely agree with the people they vote into office. I voted for Obama, does that mean I'm for the use of drone strikes?
Sorry I wasn't clear in that post. I meant with voters, it isn't a left/right issue. Voters on both sides are both overwhelmingly in favor of NN.
Sorry, I wasn't clear. Among voters, NN is mostly a non-partisan issue. Left and right voters are both overwhelmingly in favor of NN.
NN is not a right/left issue with voters. All conservatives I know would be furious about the FCC stepping on states' rights.
If you're utilizing these numbers as part of a plan to lose weight, I'd play it conservatively and just measure it as 100-120 kcal/mile. It's extremely difficult to know exactly and overestimating your calories burned can ruin your diet.
Almost all do this in some manner.
You're fine. Unless you feel otherwise.
I mean, every phone has a better SoC than the year prior. That's expected. The camera on the GS8 is only slightly better than the GS7. Higher MP on the front facing camera, but that's it.

I'm not really sure what's different about the interface. Didn't the GS7 get practically all the software changes the GS8 did?
Where can I get a Z2F for this price???
I see the S8 as a bigger S7E with Bixby. Hell, even the camera is nearly exactly the same.
Those things have terrible reviews.
They look like tampons sticking out of your ear.
Better but still trash.
No. Pixel OG has barely dropped.
You're blind if you think last year's team is better.
Hang him.
Any completely wireless ear buds on sale? Need a good pair for running.
You could get a watch that has storage for music. This would solve all your problems. Polar M600 does this and a couple of TomTom watches do as well.
Plenty of shorts have a small pocket on the inside of the waist band to put your key in, though if you're a woman, this could be harder to come by. I have five pairs of NB shorts that have this pocket. It's much different than using an outside pocket. You don't even feel it when running.

Don't run with my phone. No need.
Running while overweight isn't bad for your knees. Being overweight is though. Your knees aren't at increased risk because you're running. They are at increased risk if you don't have shoes with proper support, you aren't running with proper form, etc. But being a fat runner is no more risk to your knees than just being a fat person.
What a stupid thing to say.
Mariah Carey.
My wife's iPhone has been saved twice by a screen protector that cost $3.
Which Sony is this?
It's not the manufacturers. It's that making one for the phone is really fucking hard and the fact that it's only good for one generation of phone means it's not worth it to put in the time to make it perfect. Blame Samsung for making curved screens and changing the body of their phone every year so.

The iPhone 7 and 8 and 7+ and 8+ have nearly exactly the same body.
You can still use it. It hasn't gotten worse.
That's why I prefer high quality plastic like my Nexus 5X.
In all seriousness, that's what I did last night.
I didn't even know it was opening this weekend.
Is adding a line required?
>As long as it's a great device people will buy it

No. Just no. The only thing that matters is apps. Unless they get Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook, and many many others on board at launch, it's DOA. Everything else is second.
It will never happen. There's simply next to zero market for it.
There waa a /r/4chan post recently of a guy calling his coworker a soyboy. Was this a result of that post?
You missed Sync.
Oh ya, tossing your phone on a big round circle is so tough.

/s
I'm a pretty avid runner and I must say he's running entirely too much. Two hours every day is crazy. That mileage is something you should be doing once a week.
It doesn't matter that dash charging is faster than wireless. QC is faster than wireless but they coexist. It's about convenience. Not speed.
No one here is buying their phones. You think they have some moral qualm with us or something?
Ugh, this thing has curves at the edge? Do the OG Pixels have that?
And the curved screen.
I doubt the authenticity of what they leak. Half truths are basically 100% lies. Their credibility is shot.
Franken is not a cop, nor was he in a position of power, and he didn't grab her tits. You can clearly see in the photo that his hands aren't touching her.
Essential.
Because tablets are junk. Ever try writing an email on one?
The camera has been updated and also supports Google's camera app.
I don't have anything overly specific, but news and players are answering questions with sentences like "if he misses this week..." and "if he doesn't suit up this week." More tone than anything. 

If it's possible he plays this week, I doubt he misses next week.
I agree but it doesn't seem as if Smith will miss more than this week.
My understanding was that he could be back as early as Sunday.
It was probably Evan Engram this year.
Would definitely take that. Engram has been very good and isn't in a timeshare unlike McKinnon.
Oh I'm sure for most, they're fine. But a lot of people that review on Amazon seem to have problems.
Can't find a model of Jaybirds that doesn't seem to have quality control problems.
Cool. Thanks.
You may wanna try "send a Hangouts message to John Doe." I've noticed the way things are worded matters.
Anyone know if these would be any good for treadmill running/working out?
Ok Apple rep.
Above average for stills is a gross understatement. It's an excellent camera for stills.
Sorry but they don't deserve respect. What they deserve is for everyone to ignore their AMA.
Both are very good.
$500 is not half the price of a flagship. HTC U11 is $650 and the GS8 can be had for about the same. Xperia XZ1 is $500. All better than this.
What bloatware is on it?
There's nothing to be aware of.
They should give the game a 0/10 and be done with it. The game is a turd. They should call it like it is.
Who cares?
Fuck their AMA. It should be banned or ignored.
Why?
Lol ya okay retard. This is normal behavior.