A clean, if not tiny bit late hit.
Nice progress for such a short amount of time. Looking forward to 6 months.
I would say the chances are high...
Thanks! I've found APC denim to be more stiff starting out, and construction and details are not as good as the Japan Blues (selvedge coin pocket detail and chain stitched hem). However, the APC fades very quickly, and the dye has given way to a really nice cream/yellow color. JB on the other hand, fade very slowly in my experience, but the Zimbabwe x Memphis cotton has become really soft and comfortable.

APC pricing has gone from $145 > $165 > $200 over the years. I might've been able to justify the price at one point (I bought all mine used with very minimal wear), but now I would say go for something cheaper that's made in Japan or the US. To my knowledge, all APCs are constructed in Macau or Vietnam. 
This is a good idea! I will probably get these as I get more pairs. For now I really enjoy seeing them on my door, haha.
I think I got the first pair of APC in 2008/9, but did not knowingly wash them minimally until at least a year in. Once I did, I became more careful of how and how often I wash them, inside out and never in a dryer (although I'm pretty sure they did go through the dryer at least once, which means I lost some fade definition).
Oh thanks! As I was getting started wearing more premium denims, I was still unsure how to measure myself and was scared to buy something I haven't tried so I kept buying the same pair, and to be honest I really enjoyed wearing the same pair 3 times (though I did get bigger and size up). Being frugal meant that I was buying slightly used and unaltered pairs, but i'd say 99% of the fade was me. The last 2 pairs I bought new. 

As far as how much wear they have, I'd have to guess...

1. 3 years wear, ~5 washes, got slightly too small and now retired
2. 4 years wear, ~5 washes. I still wear these but they need some repairs.
3. 1 year wear, no washes. I wear these when I want something a little tighter.
4. 13 months wear, 2 washes. These are my current daily pants.
5. Exactly 1 wear. Hoping to get to these next!

Sadly, I never took progress pictures of any of these, but when I get to the JB0412 Monsters, I will be sure to document the process.  When I come home from work I'll edit this comment with a link to front and back shots for each pair.
Three separate one-goal leads.
And what a collapse it was
Truly historic! 
caststreams plz
didnt even realize the toronto only has 16 shots wuuuuuuuut
lol the krejci andersen jostling was great
im at work but i cant work can only watch this game wtf
I didn't definitively say you're a shady seller, just wanted to make it clear to anyone who is checking out the post that they should make some considerations. The opening post says the same thing, to be aware of new accounts with no post history, like yours. You likely are a legit seller and I'm sorry for calling you out, but if you were a regular in this sub then it may be easier to use your main account.
For those checking out this post (like I was), be aware that this is a new account created April 13th. Also that the user would rather sell at a loss than get store credit should be a consideration.
[APC 28 New Standard (hemmed)](https://imgur.com/a/bGLrt)

Bought them in great condition from the original owner, these are made in Macau and were hemmed by the previous owner. I am too tall for them, so I never wore these. **$60 OBO**

[APC 28 Petit New Standard](https://imgur.com/a/eDyqk)

Also in great condition, I've also never really worn these because they are too small. I bought them from the original owner, who put a little bit if fade into them, but there is obviously tons of life left in these jeans. Made in Vietnam. As you can, tell I made some mistakes when buying my first pairs of APCs. ~~$90~~**$80 OBO**

Feel free to PM or reply here if you would like to see more pictures or measurements.
If I didn't just get a new wallet, I'd be all over this. 
Loved having Andersen while he was with the Ducks. Quiet guy, but a good leader on top of being a skilled player. Hopefully we see his little bro in the league some day!

[Don't forget about ol' Rick Perry!](https://www.cnn.com/2018/03/29/opinions/rick-perry-meeting-opinion-edelman/index.html)
I've read that they just never got sales off the ground, selling mostly rebranded blank t-shirts, and always having sales, which led to no one paying full price, which led to more sales and such. Not every brand and survive is all. 
check his post history, guy's a major piece of shit.
Oh you know /r/theredpill
Andersen, i miss u  (sometimes)
Kapanen, what an effort
I tend to agree, that was more of a...deflection?
Great fit, really suits you. Hopefully the waist isn't too loose after untucking the shirt.
Anyone who has read the speeches will tell you....it's pretty routine lol.
Here from r/all, this is the first thing I've seen here that makes me feel like I gotta fucking have it. 
> I would also agree that Couturier probably embellished a little too hard on the play.

Ah okay, I will also assume that you'd think this is a tripping in most cases then. And that if it happened to your team in a similar situation, you'd be a little upset too. For the record, I've got no skin in this game, just calling it as I see it.
I don't think I can really argue this, (save whether or not this is actually part of the NHL rulebook, because I'm not sure that it is. In the NHL rulebook it is listed under rule 57, and what got Letang off the hook here would be under a different exception to the rule) I can only say with some degree of certainty that this would would, in most cases, be called a tripping. What is possible is that Couturier fell too dramatically and that factored into the non-call. To me, that it's a missed call is more believable than the fact that Pitt fans would be just as okay with this if it happened to them.

Edit: Yeah, seems like you added "NHL" before "Rule 639" to be disingenuous and try to sneak that by some people here.
...how was this missed? This completely changes the game and is an unacceptable non-call.
certainly more than marchy no?
That was a weird piece and I'm not sure if he was trying to brush off the criticism or gain sympathy for his style of play.
I think a lot of Ducks fans (a lot, not all or perhaps not even a majority) will say that Carlyle was not a good hire. 
I had no idea he died. Some time ago there was a thread asking if Willie O'Ree should get into the hall of fame for being the first black player. I said absolutely, on top of all the fantastic work he's done since as an ambassador for the NHL, promoting inclusion and such. Larry Kwong had a quiet life and did not get the media attention, but he definitely should get a mention in the HHOF, if he hasn't already. RIP Larry Kwong.
I guess they feel the need to sue now and get ahead of the election instead of waiting for the investigation to wrap up? Not that there isn't plenty of evidence out there already.
What are you on about? Plenty of people would rather see peace on the Korean Peninsula. Doesn't matter who gets credit.
I need a first edition copy
Jones, you crazy dawg. Had our numbers all series.
..AGAIN
I support your proposal /s
Sure, maybe it has happened, but the majority are still dropped off in Santa Ana and Anaheim.
I can only hope San Jose goes down in four to complete the California Sweep 
I root against the sharks, but only because you're in the same division. 
Looking forward to the fayde
so dumb, we had so many chances to get it out

that is probably the worst part of the season for me
Logan is one of the most underrated in the game, period
It's different because offsides is a binary outcome (most of the time) but I agree it kills the spirit of the game a bit
That is very clearly on sides though...our goal was very clearly offsides

hockey gods have smote us
lol fuck me
Ah right. Seems like they've adopted the good practices from CBC/TSN, so props to them for that.
Uh... What? 
Aww.... Biiiitch.... 
Well tsn can't even show the playoffs if they wanted 
I wouldve loved to go down saying that's how the rest of the series went but we had to go and embarrass ourselves in game 3 lol
Lol makeup call for the missed icing
I don't wanna say anything cause I don't wanna get down voted 
Right, I was responding in the context of someone saying Snoop was exclusively a Ducks fan.
By total length from the top of the waist, it looks like ~36.7 inches long, unless I'm misunderstanding your question. From the inseam, it looks to be 28 inches.
I think this could've been real close to cringey, but it was well done and I enjoyed the marijuana references.
He just likes hockey, he's worn all sorts of jerseys and has been to many different games
[APC 28 New Standard (slightly hemmed)](https://imgur.com/a/bGLrt)

Bought them in great condition from the original owner, these are made in Macau and were slightly hemmed by the previous owner. I am too tall for them, so I never wore these. **$60 OBO**

[APC 28 Petit New Standard](https://imgur.com/a/eDyqk)

Also in great condition, I've also never worn these because they are too small. I bought them from the original owner, who put a little bit if fade into them, but there is obviously tons of life left in these jeans. Made in Vietnam. As you can, tell I made some mistakes when buying my first pairs of APCs. ~~$90~~**$80 OBO**
The QAnon thing is really hilarious, until I remember some of them take it seriously 
I'm not Chinese but may be mistaken for a Chinese person, do I incur your wrath too???
I've been to GG/FV costco many times. It's not really that different, just more Asian folks at GG and they don't act like this, although some people can be more aloof and stand in the aisles, but that's about it. 
Strays's racism game strong, like the US
Well, the first part of this came true, and sadly, I think the we're toast. Go Knights, keep up the dominant play.
Much better than our shark sushi t-shirt to be honest
This reminds me of the recent [South Korean corruption scandal](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2018/feb/27/former-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-faces-jail-term-corruption-case), where the president was found to be essentially running her decisions by a weird cult leader.
By the way, Chinese encroachment in the South China Sea and Southeast Asia in general is a concerning issue, not only for US interests but for human rights in general.
I am pretty close to where you are on this issue, but that would mean giving this administration the benefit of the doubt, which I'm not sure they have earned yet.
I like your take, and I'll try to read more into it, but do you concede that at face value, this is a pretty optimistic outlook?
Wait wait, this is before his hearings started right?
Truly historic! 
I committed seppuku after the 2nd period, ama
He's shown signs of being a shithead before we got him
Of course, I do too. We all do.
I don't disagree with you, but maybe cool it on the insults, doesn't really help your cause. People are gonna continue saying "tolerant left" sarcastically
I don't really care for the jokes, but everyone makes those types jokes. I see them on /r/conservative and such too, not just "the left".


My dad grew up in Saigon, and was one of the few kids his age who still attended a french primary school. After the fall of Saigon and Vietnam to communism, he immigrated to Montréal in 1975 as a teenager. He knew the language, but not the culture. The Habs would eventually go on a dynasty run in the 70's and he fell in love with hockey, and the city itself. He eventually moved to the US and I was born and raised here, but my earliest memories are watching the Habs play. I can remember how happy he was in '93. We grew up visiting his adopted homeland at least every other year, and I've since traveled Canada coast-to-coast. For the rest of my life, I will love the Canadiens, and Canada (still haven't been to a game in MTL yet!).
I don't believe I've ever read anything on here that might suggest protecting democrats because they are democrats. If they are involved in shady/unethical/illegal behavior, then they should face the consequences.

It's also not about just sharing lawyers, it's about sharing lawyers with someone who has barely even functioned as a lawyer in the past decade, only working to negotiate and secure shady deals. In short, it's a story because of who the lawyer is, and the supposed impartiality of one journalist who tells it like it is.
Cohen said he had around 10 clients in the past decade, I am not sure why he didn't have to reveal the others, but since Cohen and his lawyer did not want to submit their docs to the DOJ taint team, the judge asked him for a list of clients. Hannity asked that his name not be revealed because of client-attorney privilege, but client identities are not protected by this. If Cohen and Trump had agreed to having their docs reviewed by a DOJ taint team, they may not have had to reveal that Cohen was retained by Hannity. This is a just my reading of it, someone please correct me if I'm wrong.
You know you can be conservative AND not like Hannity right?
Tis an older joke
This is not how any of that came about lol
I'd like to read what you think about this, and why this process is faulty. I'm serious. I like to get all the opinions, and it seems like you have a worthy one.
amazing
Yes, Pruitt needs to stay in the news cycle so there can be some pressure to fire his ass.
Wait does Hornqvist usually play with Sid?
*Kings could get swept*

Me: heh

*Ducks could get swept too*

Me: fuck
One of my favorite moments. What a guy.
Bad hit, not suspendible. 2 mins and the knowledge of fucking your team because of a penalty in the last 4 mins of the game is the right call.
Agreed, I think people are jumping the gun on this one. Could be Cohen putting out false stories so he can prove them to be wrong. 
Cohen doubled down today, again saying he's never been. Wonder what evidence they do have. 
What can I say? Sharks looked good all game, Ducks looked good for some of the game.
So what does everyone think of that hit?

Edit: consensus seems to be clean, but questionable because the player did not have clean possession of the puck. 
Pretty weak call, if you ask me, which you didn't
Agreed. 
Vegas seems to really like that hockey!
[APC 28 New Standard (slightly hemmed)](https://imgur.com/a/bGLrt)

Bought them in great condition from the original owner, these are made in Macau and were slightly hemmed by the previous owner. I am too tall for them, so I never wore these. **$60 OBO**

[APC 28 Petit New Standard](https://imgur.com/a/eDyqk)

Also in great condition, I've also never worn these because they are too small. I bought them from the original owner, who put a little bit if fade into them, but there is obviously tons of life left in these jeans. Made in Vietnam. As you can, tell I made some mistakes when buying my first pairs of APCs. ~~$90~~**$80 OBO**
I need more flipbook goals in my life
Guy seems to be a douche, having been one of the first investors in Theranos (this does not make him a douche), and then attacking John Carreyrou after he started publishing his findings about the company (this makes him a douche).
Yeah, I'm not even sure being a lawyer who has worked in the industry should preclude someone from serving the FCC, but you definitely need to be a reasonable human being, which Pai is not.
Ditto, I was wondering about this too.
Illegal, but the probable cause is basically impossible and impractical to meet, which is what led to the offenders being allowed to continue, and the US attorneys not indicting the straw purchasers.
Holy shit, that Fortune article about the Fast and Furious scandal was great. I had bought into the criticisms fully and had balked when Obama claimed his admin was "scandal-free" but I think this article sheds light into what was really going on. Thanks for linking.
Might be worth investing, but it could be your car as well. I know Subarus don't ever properly display song info (may have changed, but this is true up to 2016 dashes).
Chmielewski himself never filed his financial disclosure forms: https://www.propublica.org/article/kevin-chmielewski-trump-body-man-turned-epa-whistleblower-is-violating-ethics-rules-the-agency-says
There's no way what he's been doing hasn't violated ethics standards for a federal agency. Scott Pruitt has quietly (until now) been one of the worst appointments of this administration, and people should continue shining the spotlights on his misdeeds to remove him from the EPA.
So glad this is happening, rumors of him cheating have been around for so long, glad it all finally caught up to him.
Will check this out, thanks!
Agreed, I sort of feel libertarianism is more fit as a personal philosophy rather than one of governance.
Lol holy shit you are insufferable 
You should listen to Open Arguments' (a legal podcast) analysis of libertarianism, and the idea that taxation is theft.

https://openargs.com/oa22-libertarianism-bad-feel-bad/
Karl Marx was actually a brilliant thinker, his ideas and concepts go beyond forming the roots of communism. My parents are refugees who fled communism, but that doesn't make Marx any less of an important figure in political theory.

Edit: Ayn Rand is a complete nut, imo.
Well said, thank you for taking the time to explain.
FWIW, I like what she says when she does decide to say something. Waste of space seems a bit harsh.
Gonna agree with you here, doesn't seem to explicitly break any rules, but I understand the need to remove all these threads asking about it. New subscribers just need to read the FAQ.
Haha came here to make a joke about Getzlaf and a ill-timed drop pass.
Ah yes, by giving the Clintons millions, I suppose you mean to say he gave millions to the Clinton Foundation, [a charity that's received high marks for transparency and spending](https://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&orgid=16680), according to charity navigator.

Make no mistake, the donations are to curry favor, but that same Ukranian steel magnate has recently changed his tunes from advocating closer relations to the west, to saying Ukraine should not be joining NATO and should respect Russia's territorial claims to Crimea. See [here](http://euromaidanpress.com/2017/01/04/victor-pinchuk-wants-ukraine-to-capitulate-to-russia-crimea-donbas/), and [here](https://www.wsj.com/articles/ukraine-must-make-painful-compromises-for-peace-with-russia-1483053902). Also, Hillary Clinton isn't even president, so nice try.
Don't disagree with you, but it seems like this brings us back the point that the FBI and SDNY Attorney's office know more about this than we do. They wouldn't execute this type of search without probable cause for the exact same reasons you listed, bad optics and such. In my opinion, they will issue a statement about this soon, unless Cohen is wrapped up in something bigger, or an ongoing investigation, which doesn't seem that unlikely.
It's in the article... 
Wow this seems like such an easy work around, just have an approved whitelist of legit retailers. Kind of stupid they couldn't figure this out and instead have punished all card holders (maybe not csr). Thanks for the explanation.
Interesting that Pinchuk is actually seeking closer ties to the west. His interests are opposite than that of Putin's then right? Even so, it's pretty funny to hear Donald mention Russia and having Putin respect the him and the US as a talking point of his support for Ukraine. Oh, and his ubiquitous use of "the Ukraine".

Edit: It's been pointed out that Pinchuk has changed his tune, now saying Ukraine should not support NATO, and that Russian territorial claims to crimea should be respected. He was also a Yanukovych supporter. 
Not seeing what? Because the terms still seem to be live here: https://www.chase.com/card-benefits/sapphirereserve/purchase
Confused about the scam tv sites I'm reading in this thread. What were/are they?
Thank you!

Edit: This wouldn't be the judge that issued the warrant, but the DA for NY's southern district. Still an important person as he would have recommended the search in the first place I believe.
Having trouble finding this, are you able to provide a source?
Amazing pair, nice work.
It's still early in the season I know... But maybe the kid just isn't ready for the MLB yet? With the media hounding him, the pressure of being considered the next "bambino", fuck I wouldn't be able to handle that shit. Maybe having him in the minors for another year or two to develop a bit wouldn't have been a bad idea. The kid is only 23. At 23 I was complete fucktard who had no idea what I wanted to do. Not much has changed... but I'd like to think I have a bit of a better head on my shoulders now. I actually feel really bad for Ohtani, and I hope we don't ruin him. Edit: I'm being lynched for ever daring to doubt the greatness of Shohei Ohtani. How dare I say such blasphmey after only THREE games. You're right, he may only be 23 years old, but he has the emotional maturity of a Buddhist monk, and the body and athleticism as a top olympic athlete. He may have hit puberty only 7 to 8 years ago, but he is a grown man now, capable of all pressure and criticism that comes his way. I am but a lowly neckbeard angels fan who lives in my mothers basement here to shit on him for not getting 50 homeruns in his first 3 games. I am a rodent, and he is a golden god. I'm going to go light myself on fire now. Thank you for showing me the error of my ways with you jamming the downvote arrow on your computer screen with all your might and telling me how much of an idiot I am.
I sort of got the feeling that the singular and plural forms of the word could be the same, like octopus?
I know some people don't like Hazy, but how can you not love all his goalie commentary right now? 
in touch with your emotions. love it.
I mean, the stuff could kill people
Holy shit, that is several orders of magnitude better than anything Ben Garrison has created.
this sub is so fucking stupid.
Love APCs, always a good fade and the first raw denim I wore. Too bad they are so damn expensive now ($195!).
Damn I don't really like the guy, and thought his career was already on the downhill, but this season has been a pleasant surprise. What a game for him!
I was in a movie theater as this game was ending, and had to watch the last 5 minutes of this game surreptitiously. Seeing Henrik to Daniel one more time made me want to cry. What a moment.
lmao at /u/vitaminwater247 with that title, and for being the only person to post in their own thread
Must be a patron, as they aren't released to the public yet.
I mean she is handcuffed, I probably would've not kicked her in the face, but whatever.
Yeah, when it came down to it, he didn't improve as much as I had hoped and couldn't put the puck in the net. Had flashes of a really good player though.
I had such high hopes for this guy, both as a Habs and Ducks fan...
Pretty common term no?
Like, holy fuck

Also, Jim Hughson's calls here are just fucking perfect, I love it.
This has to be one of the best goals of all time
GO LINUS!x
Nah, he will become an actor and play Draco in the Harry Potter reboot
Decent skater and puck handler, despite being so huge. How's he been for you this season? 
Weak in the first, better in the second. 
This makes me sad, I really like him as a human being and want to like him as a hockey player 
Jt brown getting some good chances tonight 
Guava cheese roll kind of guy myself, gotta try this cake next time 
I forgot jt brown was on this team for a moment. Nice pass though
Feelings
How u do dis so fast
Hm that elbow might be the undoing
Goooooooal
Haven't heard Danny Syvret mentioned in a long time... 
I'd say 28 is the upper limit for "kid". Maybe. 
What the fuck are you talking about
He's getting attention, it's just these factors weren't being considered as strongly as pure goal scoring before. Kopi certainly would have my vote at this point in the season.
If anyone could afford to shoot himself out of a cannon into space, it would be him. (His dad is Larry Ellison)
This is pretty sweet, I hope they do more of these. Preferably without Jim Fox, but y'know...
Nice. 
Like, Price saw it all the way and still couldn't stop it.
Yeah he came back quickly last year this time I thought? Hopefully he can be on the low end of his timeline.
There were some seasons when they were both among the best in the league. Any time they were on the ice, something special could happen. I'm glad to have been able to watch them, and am rooting for their HHOF inclusion.
Fun fact, Donald Rumsfeld, as Defense Secretary, was caught using one of these machine to sign well wishes for the families of dead soldiers. 
Damn dude you really hate the Ducks 
Was watching the Avs feed live, they actually did a good call and were very impressed with the goal, complimented it multiple times. 
Wow that's wild, even more wild considering his draft potion. 
Read the comment history, had a good laugh
Loved every second of the game tonight 
Holy shit so many players leaving games with injuries or getting stretchered off today 
Is this supposed to be some form of sarcastic commentary on the ignorance in media consumption? Or do you not know what an editorial is? 
Yeah, and if you think they are just LARPers who don't really take this stuff seriously, just know that [there are people like this out there.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-Qk0x_5SPM)
some 4channers believe that there's a high level individual close to the President that's been leaking information about a shadow investigation (or some believe, Mueller's true investigatory purpose) into democrats and their satanic-worshipping child sex-trafficking ring. 
visit /r/greatawakening for the TRUTH

/s
Awesome, thanks. And congrats on keeping your toes.
Really interested to see what they might try to do!
Love me snowpeak gear.
I have to agree with you here. A while back I sneezed a bit too hard and it hurt my bum for the next few hours. All I gotta say is this looks nothing like a prolapsed anus.
Exactly, maybe people should halt their horses about all these people getting swept up when public information has not revealed any information that would suggest any connection to the investigation... 
I mean I hate the guy too, but what is being suggested about Jones here? Or are we just hoping random people get taken down lol
Seth's coming back!!!
Is there any possibility of her getting a reduced sentence on appeal? wtf is with this sentencing?
Keep it up!
just when he thought he could chop off a foot and get away with his crimes
I liked this movie, and my girlfriend cried a bunch. The movie (intentionally, I think) paints the rosiest, most ideal coming out situation for a well off suburban kid with an existing social support system. Maybe this is supposed to serve as a example, because there's no way coming out is supposed to be this easy? Or perhaps the drama between Simon, Martin, and his friends weren't high enough stakes for me? Either way, I liked the rest of what the movie had to offer, but when I walked out of the movie, I couldn't help but just want to watch Moonlight again.
Honestly, PoppinKREAM's posts are the only ones really worth posting to /r/bestof
You need to let go of your biases and realize criticism of the justice system is so much more nuanced than that. The American justice system is a always in flux, but I think the goal remains the same: to form a more perfect union. A person can still have grievances with the justice system AND simultaneously want Mueller's probe to be completed without interference
Read the user's post history. Trying to inject doubt into the investigation, but using super empty and weak arguments and examples to do so.
What? What kind of argument is this? He's a god damn lawyer, and it's still illegal to lie to authorities in the UK.
Hngggg
Well, I mean you post here, so...okay?
for sure, I don't agree with all the name calling, but reading some of the x-posts with that sub and japan travel are hilarious.
brilliant
visit /r/japancirclejerk if you want to see just how disillusioned a westerner can get in Japan.
The proposal was for a temporary shelter(s), hence the protesters shouting, "no tent cities".
for sure, welcome to /r/hockey, easily one of the best subreddits.
>skilled player that will play with some of their skilled

well I never
You should add flair to your username. See sub sidebar.
Is this normal? Just playing frustrated? I don't remember anything particularly bad from him when we met in the playoffs.
Fuck the kid has 40? Makes me wish we could've hung on to him even more. 
Pretty varied, actually
Not sure, but Opening Arguments (a legal analysis podcast) [has a fantastic breakdown](https://openargs.com/oa22-libertarianism-bad-feel-bad/) of some of the tenets of Libertarianism.
you mean /r/metacanada 
There's actual discourse and agreements in that sub everyday, and if you're accusing someone of being a russian shill/bot without addressing any of their arguments, you make yourself look dumb. Saying politics and t_d is the same is like saying both parties are the same.
Mario Tremblay is a dummy, and should be treated as such
'ave
What a pass, happy for him and his family. Love the representation.
Just curious, do you have a source for the "normal course of business" part of the argument?
Ben Garrison, by any measure or political lean, is just a bad cartoonist. No subtlety to his work at all, the punchline is literally his drawing.
So you're ignoring the user's broader point because of...a hyphen? I'm not sure that it's incorrect, based on APA style: http://blog.apastyle.org/apastyle/2016/10/hyphenation-station-the-hyphenation-of-prefixes-in-apa-style.html

I do think usage without the hyphen would be also correct in this case. Not sure why I need to explain this to you though, you're a grammar master!

What's the error here, I'm curious 
I suggest you link him back to this thread
Seriously, I'm a dual citizen, and have noticed politics as much more a taboo subject in the US. Probably contributes to a large populous knowing nothing about it.
Came here to mention Wolfowitz. This guy loved war. Between him, Bolton, Cheney, et al, you can definitely see how we went to war with Iraq.
Phantom tooth aches sound do painful, but also so interesting. Is that something you were expecting, or that your dentist told you might happen? 
Bad bot
I think user may be referring to unfettered capitalism, which could be seen as a result of libertarian policies. I do agree libertarianism tenets are a little bit more nuanced than that, and I highly suggest Opening Arguments' podcast exploring these concepts and subsequent refutation. 
You'll all be glad to know the [judge who sentenced them](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roland_Freisler) was crushed by a beam when the Allies bombed his courthouse.
That...that is just nuts. To be where we are is a testament to the team (and gibby)
There have been players that do better with individual skills, but Connor McDavid is definitely one of the most complete players ever.
firmly putting his name in for Hart contention
This is so backwards I'm having trouble believing it's not a troll
A little lost on this one, what happened between Glenn Greenwald and Trump?
Nope, t_d loves this appointment
this scary-sounding lady: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrnIVVWtAag
Was thinking about this too, wonder what Bolton's end game is here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TS3kiRYcDAo
John Bolton is a fucking nut who will bang the drums of war and try to get Trump to bomb...something, anything. Already, he's telling people to tune into Fox News to hear him talk about how the US should pull out of Iran-US nuclear deal.
I have had no problem with them while running, as far as wind noise. It might not be as an important factor for me though. What I am worried about though, is if the glue on these things will hold up. There are a ton of reviews out there (often with pictures) that say the construction of these are poor, the buttons all break, the rubber peels, etc, all within 8-12 months. A lot of other people here have said these are likely from an older production batch, but I haven't seen any evidence of that. I took a chance anyway; here's hoping they hold up, because I really like the sound of these.
Nice try Floridaman
I'd like to point out this is pure conjecture and extremely unlikely.
Wait I remember this one, they (the kid and mom) didn't have a daughter though. 
This is a whitelisted source? I mean I don't disagree but, never even heard of this site. 
Er yeah, I actually stand corrected, it is part of the definition. I meant to voice my disagreement with your suggestion that downvoting is an example of facism.
This is brilliant, I have the same or similar thoughts sometimes. Hope you're okay though.
Was never really against the idea myself, but Opening Arguments (a legal podcast) has [a good episode](https://openargs.com/oa22-libertarianism-bad-feel-bad/) about some of the shortfalls of Libertarianism. Highly recommend this episode and show.
I mean, that COULD be a part of fascism, but it's not part of the definition. 
Agreed. I mean, I assume most people subbing here already know, but only borrow what you can afford to pay back.
Andrew Do has no idea what he's doing.
This really infringes on my religious rights /s
Not a Zuck supporter, don't use FB, but there are also a lot of dumb comments calling for him to be thrown in jail.
But it appears they were using encrypted/self-destruct emails throughout the campaign when dealing with CA, making evidence gathering more difficult.
Don't count on it, the Vietnamese government is absolutely corrupt.
popular, but permits are limited to a certain number every year. you must also be accompanied by a ranger/minder.
I didn't say anything of the sort. You brought up the issue of being body shamed, and dude, there isn't anything inherently wrong with being cut. The issue here is babies being cut to justify religious traditions, which is like I said, weird.
Not sure where you've been, but its the uncircumcised crowd that's been subject to body shaming lol
Well reddit is a bit different in that it's not necessarily tied to your real-world identity. The user you replied to is using an obvious throwaway...
I like her, comments always on point and loves to bring the conversation back to earth.
Good, cause it's freaking weird.
The way the air physics catch up to his movement and flap his jersey is mesmerizing me 
Right, I got the same feeling. Your description of a smoldering terrace house was hilarious hah.
Not sure if you already found what you're looking for but I've got a pair as well, size 28. I can do the flat measurement tonight after work:

https://imgur.com/a/eDyqk
[APC 28 New Standard (slightly hemmed)](https://imgur.com/a/bGLrt)

Bought them in great condition from the original owner, these are made in Macau and were slightly hemmed by the previous owner. I am too tall for them, so I never wore these. **$60 OBO**

[APC 28 Petit New Standard](https://imgur.com/a/eDyqk)

Also in great condition, I've also never worn these because they are too small. I bought them from the original owner, who put a little bit if fade into them, but there is obviously tons of life left in these jeans. Made in Vietnam. As you can, tell I made some mistakes when buying my first pairs of APCs. ~~$90~~**$80 OBO**
Getting a high on and watching TH is how you do it! Tecchan is definitely approaching Arman levels of likeability. 
Yama-chan the contrarian is hilarious, but can be a little much. I think he's ultimately rooting for Tecchan like everyone else though?
Haha they are talking about military, trade, and **CYBER**.
I agree with you in theory, but wtih respect to this thread, your point is neither here nor there.
That's just poor social/workplace awareness. Even more cringey that it was an MLM. 
He needs to go full bald like Getzlaf.
What's more dangerous, the fact that he's a serial liar, or that he knows and admits he's a serial liar?
[Last song of the episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImdFknmVBE0)
For all the reasons everyone already said, I thought she was very likeable. I also thought her personality helped her physical attractiveness, she's super cute to me. I don't blame her for leaving, but would've loved to see her continue living at TH. I think an extended stay would have cemented her perception as one of the best gals on the show. 
Ah yes, it does sound like the Swiss pass. The only reason I thought otherwise is because my relative told me the same thing about the tageskarte, that you have to be a resident and purchase within your locality.
The actual Swiss pass is for locals only though no? I visited a relative a few summers ago and she purchased for me a local pass that included unlimited train rides and half off of lifts such as the Gornergrat, although this may be a different pass.
ITT: A lot of ex-Mormans. Welcome.
This was the slip n slide dude
One of the most partisan members of congress disagrees with another one of the most partisan members...interesting
Damn. I love Beck, would've made such a cool intro song.

Edit: Just listened to the official playlist on spotify. Such good songs, wish they could have licensed them for the US/Worldwide release.
Definitely, Montreal seem to be using this strategy. He's very, very, good.
In the video of him speaking to Fox and Friends, Nunes talks about finding links between the Russians and the Clinton Campaign. What is he even referring to here? Is this a new talking point they've adopted?
For a second there, I thought the camera refreshed to get the details in Lincoln's face, and then I realized I'm an idiot
[APC 28 New Standard (slightly hemmed)](https://imgur.com/a/bGLrt)

Bought them in great condition from the original owner, these are made in Macau and were slightly hemmed by the previous owner. I am too tall for them, so I never wore these. **$60 OBO**

[APC 28 Petit New Standard](https://imgur.com/a/eDyqk)

Also in great condition, I've also never worn these because they are too small. I bought them from the original owner, who put a little bit if fade into them, but there is obviously tons of life left in these jeans. Made in Vietnam. As you can tell I made some mistakes when buying my first pairs of APCs. **$90 OBO**
Why does it feel like this person has solved a centuries-old problem?
Nice, I'm getting Disclosure vibes here haha
[Er, is there a reason you left this one out?](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/mar/17/westminster-child-abuse-paedophile-ring-failure)
Responded to this user/article in a comment below, if you're interested. 
Author makes some good points, and I can't speak to his points about GMMB. however, and maybe I missed this, but he's provided no sources for the sexual harassment claims, and his criticism regarding the agency's lack of action regarding the Wells Fargo abuses (a common speaking point he's made on tv and through other op-eds) is unfounded. When the WF abuses came onto the CFPB's radar, the LA Times and LA city attorney's office were already conducting their own investigation. The criticism here is that the CFPB didn't do enough and sat back in their own investigation. This is a pretty common practice, however, where one agency doesn't take over an investigation because another body has already started their own. It would make no sense for the CFPB to come in and start their own large scale investigation. [In their criticism and part of the justification to limit the CFPB mandate, Republicans have claimed that they actually didn't do enough.](http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-cfpb-wells-fargo-20170920-story.html) Despite the ideologically confusing argument (the agency didn't do enough, so let's limit their power), the article states:

>"The Los Angeles city attorney's office, which has been credited with starting the first investigation into Wells Fargo in 2013, did not agree with Republicans' argument that the CFPB was asleep at the wheel regarding Wells Fargo.

>"The CFPB was integral to our collective work holding Wells Fargo accountable for fake accounts, including assuring Wells' customers across the nation were made whole," said City Atty. Mike Feuer said."

[According to his LinkedIn, Ron Rubin was a CFPB attorney for less than a year and a half, having last worked there September of 2012](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ronaldlrubin/), and has been critical of the CFPB since December of 2016.

To be clear, I think these agencies do need to be impartial and held accountable to the taxpayers, but it would be a mistake to gut the CFPB. 
Argh, I am 24 cents short of the discount!
This is partly the reason why I was hoping the US would be a part of CPTPP (Revised TPP trade agreement without the US). The Vietnamese, in a way, look up to American political leaders. Despite all the bullshit in the TPP (horrible ip laws US companies were lobbying for), with US involvement, they could pressure countries like Vietnam to adopt human rights standards and fight corruption. Kind of sad that we've relinquished that soft power lately.
Tf you on about plenty of progressives hate the fact that he did that. 
Thank you for linking these. Insightful podcasts, especially the second one you linked.
Oh fuck I've been waiting for this to happen, for Mueller to unturn this stone. Hopefully he finds what he's looking for. 
> "I feel my perspective will be twisted if discussing the skewed video which cut out part of the incident," she said in a statement to the station. "If you would like to have a full normal interview about the displacement of European-Americans, then I gladly am available to enlighten the public."

Please, do go on...
To be fair though, that attitude of "fuck pc culture" has been extremely prevalent. There are a lot of people who want to be able to say whatever they want without backlash, conservative or not.
/r/cbts_stream
I would probably enjoy it, but for these reasons, I haven't read it/don't plan to read it. Still doesn't change the fact that the Whitehouse is a shit show though.
[Interesting theory posited by a reddit user \(just a theory, but still\):](https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/7jmngr/trump_dossier_firm_republicans_leaked_bank/dr83rxc/) 
Mnuchin honestly seems like he doesn't know shit.
Gotta voice my agreement with what you said re: Taishi. That story just got old for me really fast. Also, you summed up the different between BXGND and AS perfectly, with Yusuke's experience as a perfect example of how different the culture/casting is between the two.
Pm'ed you.
If they were self-incriminating he would have a legal out to not testify/give over the materials right? Instead he says he doesn't want to because his mentor Roger Stone is innocent.
That is...wow. Amazing.
Watched the whole segment with him and Ari Melber on MSNBC and it totally felt like that too. Ari and the guests (a lawyer for the mayor of NYC a federal prosecutor) all look like they felt sorry for the guy and just kept telling him to do the right thing.
full clip is a bit longer: https://www.msnbc.com/katy-tur/watch/former-trump-aide-sam-nunberg-refusing-to-comply-with-mueller-subpoena-1177240643765
Yes, the man still travels and has talks on behalf of the NHL to promote inclusion and tell his story. I hope one day he is voted in. I also hope [Larry Kwong](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Kwong) is too, but O'Ree has arguably had a bigger impact with his work since he retired from pro hockey.
Seriously, and I had this for months too.
Not a huge proponent of fighting, but that is a glorious punch, holy shit.
Sort of unrelated, but is that a spear? I thought these were just stick lifts, and spearing is when you straight up poke somebody. 
No, not every one of the brands, that's even addressed in the article. I'm not trying to argue with you (I actually think it's a rushed decision) , I'm just literally explaining to you REIs reasoning while you keep saying it's got nothing to do with the NRA. 
I don't know why you keep saying this. Whether or not you agree with REI's reaction, Vista's brands are sponsors and supporters of the NRA, as stated in the article. 
User you replied to never implied their feelings were hurt?
idk what you think doxxing is, but that ain't it lol
His twitter is here:  (@r_fisco): https://twitter.com/r_fisco?s=09
Legendary. I have a collab playlist with some friends who all watch TH and I just added it. 
It's because PED's have an arguably lower effect on performance in hockey compared to another sport like baseball. What I believe the NHL does turn a blind eye to is injury/pain recovery drugs, such as HGH or marijuana.
I thought this game came out a few days ago for some of the other platforms?
That's not how it works, the user you responded to had a explanation of why this is
This looks pretty interesting, and has some pretty interesting cultural elements being the developers are based in Mexico. I haven't played the other versions yet, so I may pick this one up.
You should sub to Gardenfork TV on youtube, they have some awesome videos on tapping trees each season.
Please tell me Walton has fired the "intern". There is literally no reason to keep someone like that around, if that is indeed what happened. They have breached the trust of their employer, in a public manner no less, and should be dealt with. 
This dude is amazing
I don't think it's a necessity to have political experience to be in the communications department or even be director, since she did have some working experience with Ivanka and her company, and who cares what she did before her professional career? What makes her unqualified was that she was willing to lie to the American people.
Clickbait title for sure, but I am imagining Trump and Kelly, oiled and shirtless, circling a ring and glaring at each other
The violence is kinda nice sometimes I guess, but the passing plays, the execution, the speed, the athleticism of the players are all better reasons to watch. Watch hockey and you'll fall in love.
Sigh, wish I knew about this, (just subbbed yesterday) but glad ELA won the community vote. Very exciting news and happy to see a giveaway go ahead as promised and in such a transparent manner.
Was reading the critique up until that point, and then I realized it was all lost on him.
Dang, sorry you didn't like it. It wasn't a perfect film and maybe the hype was too much, [but here's a good post that explains why the movie resonates.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/80ckne/black_panthertops_700m_with_recordbreaking_2nd/duuqzg3/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=front&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=movies)

I think the movie was objectively good. Maybe it's been given some passes because of the cultural impact, but similarly, I think you and some others didn't enjoy it as much because it was a "sjw circle jerk".

Good point, I also think the joke reminded the audience that she was still just a teenager with teenager humor. 
I'm confused, what purpose does BNB serve to alleviate the NEO dust scenario?
Pixel XL (1) here, my phone hasn't dozed in like...a month
Such a ridiculous dish...brb gotta make this now
That's three less car rental companies that Republicans can choose from now
Y. Hanyu is just the best.
I mean, yeah, but guilty in the court of public opinion I guess. Surely a person who enjoys rough sex could get their fix without being accused of sexual assault by several different women. I was trying to post a funny gif and give some background, what's your angle?
>fuck off liberals trying to take my guns 

>That's literally what they want.

???

While I have your attention, I get that you support conservative policies. That's fine. There's plenty of room to trim government, and privacy rights are being infringed upon every day. I would implore you to seek opinions outside of t_d. Idk if people just enjoy shit-posting or what, but there are so many places for reasonable conservative discussion that you're doing yourself a disservice by going there. When the "meme-war" ends, reasonable politcal discussion can take place.
The election was traumatizing for a lot of people, understandably so. If school wants to have a fun event around "stress busting" who the fuck cares?
You ***literally*** think people are coming to take your guns, and are now trying to convince people you're not unhinged?
lol libtards amirite?

forgot the /s
I'm guessing they're also fond of the word "cuck"
> Clearly mentally handicapped like that psycho should be in instutions and have their guns taken away. Stricter background checks are cool too. Maybe even a mental health evaluation before you buy. Also closing the gun show loophole is fine.

You're already a few steps ahead of the NRA then. 
There are no "unlimited" rights in the Bill of Rights. Even conservative Justices agree with that.
Haha I know right? Him and his ten thousand yard stare.
Someone uploaded the Tessa and Scott miniseries on youtube the other day, I got curious and watched some of it. The gif is from a segment where Tessa and Patrick go out to some event, and Jian Ghomeshi is there. The narration from Tessa is that it's hard to date while she's in season/busy with skating. Jian tries to ask her to hang out, and Patrick Chan, the three eyed raven, instinctually shakes his head no. This is before all the stuff about Ghomeshi came out.

edit: https://youtu.be/DJlZqVAdMn0?t=11m52s
[I never get sick of posting this](https://media.giphy.com/media/1ZrjOS7oTg4j1TxXTF/giphy.gif)
yeah, it fuckin' sucks
I don't get it either, been searching for some media criticism of Coach Schuler but have yet to see any.
I'm not sure how to defend this coaching decision to play 2 lines in 4v4 OT.
https://youtu.be/DJlZqVAdMn0?t=11m52s

Someone uploaded the show a few days ago. I was curious and went through a random episode and cracked up pretty hard when I saw that part, and Patrick's face.
Indeed, the gif is from that horrible miniseries Tessa and Scott. Jian tries Tessa to hang out. Patrick Chan shakes his head cause he knows wassup.
Someone uploaded the Tessa and Scott miniseries on youtube the other day, I got curious and watched some of it. The gif is from a segment where Tessa and Patrick go out to some event, and Jian Ghomeshi is there. The narration from Tessa is that it's hard to date while she's in season/busy with skating. Jian tries to ask her to hang out, and Patrick Chan, the three eyed raven, instinctually shakes his head no. This is before all the stuff about Ghomeshi came out.  
Checking is a forceful hit (with limitations), which in the Women's game is technically not allowed. Women can muscle each other off the puck, but cannot skate into a hit.

Checking changes many aspects of the game, including speed and strategy. Checking allows you to remove the player from the puck effectively and with speed.
[Patrick Chan does not approve](https://media.giphy.com/media/1ZrjOS7oTg4j1TxXTF/giphy.gif)
The Canadian coaches decided to run 2 lines for some reason.
You gotta watch hockey, it's awsome. /r/hockey to get started!

[Patrick Chan be like](https://media.giphy.com/media/1ZrjOS7oTg4j1TxXTF/giphy.gif)
[Patrick Chan's reaction to this game](https://media.giphy.com/media/1ZrjOS7oTg4j1TxXTF/giphy.gif)
How did you get a copy of my fanfic?
[But of course, 'tis a false flag.](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/7zbpns/really_makes_you_think_doesnt_it/dumyk5d/)
I guess that did not occur to me, although I did notice when Lacquette came on for the PP she hadn't played OT at all...
She wouldve played more than 9 seconds if the coaches made good choices in ot
Was a pleasure to see USA take over that game and Canada shit the bed. Great game all around, the women's Olympic finals have been some of the most dramatic hockey ever. 
Is that why they were so fucking gassed? I kept wanting them to make this or that play and it never seemed to happen, they just looked too tired to make plays. 
Amazing game, very happy for the US team, was a pleasure to see them claw back and take over OT. Canada has some soul searching to do, they were so bad toward the end of the game. 
They don't count individual medals as part of the medal count, it's counted by event. 
And they want my money? Get outta here wsj. 
Gotcha, thanks.
Whoa, source for this?
Yeah I agree. That's definitely shown in the past few seasons.
Ban him, and then ban any alts that may violate the sub rules. It's pretty fucking simple.
Close, /r/MensRights frequenter
This reply even seems like you're pretending to be left, lmao. Just step down and save yourself the trouble, and give this sub and fellow Canadians the respect they deserve.
The argument is that the planned events can't take place because teenage kids aren't capable of organizing such events, therefore it must be a liberal conspiracy?
I've seen some analysis on how effective RVH can be, with Jonathan Quick being used as a prime example. Watch [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U0V3uG-3sw) and read [here](http://ingoalmag.com/technique/reverse-vh-common-issues-proper-execution/).
Ryan Philippe maybe, but Mike Myers had a pretty long career.
Brady Leman!
Daleman looked pretty pissed 
right now, yeah pretty much.
Most people don't "care" about their politics, it's just that they are mods and have the ability to drive the conversation on fairly large national subreddit.
didn't know about the /r/metacanada affiliations...great...
I believe the highest and lowest scored are dropped for that reason
I play hockey and don't follow figure skating until the Olympics rolls around, but you should definitely check out their performance, and maybe the few routines before Virtue/Moir. All around great stuff.
I've been thinking more about the possibility that having an Olympic tournament without NHL players might help grow the sport in other countries. You'd still have the exposure if NHL players were there, but Korea wouldn't have done as well as they did against Finland (5-2 loss) if that were the case.
Yeah, I'm sure everyone would be saying the same thing had the US won. /s
Also a hockey player, and at the very least, I could appreciate the edgework of the ice dancers. I've come to really enjoy figure skating though.
I got a feeling they probably are together, just want to keep it private for now, or until they officially retire or something.
There's probably a sub for that sort of thing
I'll never understand Rogers' decision to have him stop making montages for HNIC and the playoffs, but I'm glad he's still with the CBC.
Can't help but think that not having NHL players grows the game, just in different ways! Glad to see the Korean fans having fun.
I honestly still haven't beat it yet, with 170 hours into the game. Just exploring everything and trying to beat all the shrines before taking on Ganon. Odyssey was very fun for a bit though, and once I beat BOTW I will probably move back to playing that.
"I didn't hear about it. Must not have happened."
Can you explain the sigh? Newbie here, and in simple terms, that statement made sense to me. I've read SpaceX has done a lot of in-house engineering and fabrication that would typically be subcontracted or outsourced in order to save on costs and improve modularity. 
Bad bot

Seriously, this is one of the worst bots I've seen.
Seriously, so hard to get fades like this at a desk
Surprised there isn't a community effort to help them with editing their responses. It would go a long way as far as presentability and professionalism goes. If anyone out there is reading this, I'd be happy to help with this sort of thing!
Left leaning and leftist are different things 
You sound like you're about to go on a shooting spree, get help 
Great piece of trivia haha
The entire party operates to exclude people from society, while ignoring undeniable facts when creating policy
Better than 4v4 imo
/r/freefolk
From their January report, they went 62.6% (and over 70% in December) for all their indicators, in a very volatile month as well. I don't use CND but those numbers aren't too bad.

https://medium.com/@Cindicator/cindicator-bot-january-summary-a1138a26b316
Nah the triple axel keeps him up
Down for voter ID, as long as we have nationalized IDs.
Far as I can tell, you're just responding to a dimwitted 4channer
While I agree somewhat, It's hard for me to deny that there was no affect at all (and Rosenstein's statements pertain only to the contents of the indictment) and that Hillary, no matter what you think about her, was the victim of a political smear campaign that goes back way before her campaign. The very fact that she's been entrenched in politics has made her a target, even though she's not doing anything other politicians aren't (yes, private servers while conducting government business are bad, but she didn't act illegally according to the law, and many politicians before and after, including within the Trump admin, have used private email servers) At the end of the day, HRC was infinitely more qualified for the US presidency than DJT, and to see it any other way means you've bought into the propaganda, at least just a little bit.
Not much disagreement there, even among democrats and those that don't support the Trump admin.
Seems to be a very hard concept for some to comprehend
Hm yeah, sucks that all those racist brown folk ruin everything
True, good point.
It does work, although I didn't get it at first, I entered the code contained in the URL and the bottom of the email into the promo box at check out.
MRSA, but yeah I agree
He was gone for...MAYBE 15 minutes of screen time?
I think some may be, and I enjoyed BP a lot. Wonder Woman didn't work for me AT ALL and that got pretty good ratings. 
My family in Geneva regularly drive to France to go grocery shopping and get other supplies. Lots of the stores/commercial property on French side are supported by Swiss who come over to shop. There are also a number of French who bus/drive over the border to work in Switzerland.
I don't get it, he's wearing a party hat the way any person would, he just put it on top of his own hat to be funny/lazy. DAE Wez sucks?!?!?! /s
Didn't say he was a predator, I said he admitted to being an asshole, which was part of the statement you did not quote. And yeah, I must be brainwashed because I don't buy your theory that the women colluded to get Tambor off the show, in turn jeopardizing their own careers and putting their names out there. Sheesh.
He pretty much admitted to being an asshole himself so, not sure why you'd need to peddle conspiracies
Probably close-mindedness
This would be pretty great.
I certainly wouldn't expect anyone to lose their job over this
You have weird ideas of masculinity lol
BNB is for trading fees only, not withdrawal fees.

I don't disagree with you there:
https://www.bardown.com/it-s-crazy-how-much-of-an-outlier-gretzky-is-on-graph-of-goals-assists-of-every-player-to-ever-play-1.869575
if /r/Ultralight saw this, they would probably vomit. Try not to take gear advice the wrong way, I think most of it comes from a good place, and nobody wants you to injure your back because you're carrying more than you need to.

That said, I wish you luck with the gear you've chosen, please do a follow-up and let us know your thoughts! Stay safe!
so orange for dessert then
Oh god. These international refs are embarrassing sometimes.
Southern Californian here, I play beer league at a rink with curling lines permanently set in addition to all the hockey lines. It's kinda weird at first, but you get used to it and it's  nice that there's a place for curlers. 
I think the problem is that the video is posted in /r/Public_Freakout, and not a more general sub
Me too, the kid is clearly special needs and for all we know could be seeing a behavioral interventionist or psychologist. 
This kid is definitely autistic. Sucks you had to be in the plane, but what can you do?
Sort of related, but I live in the US and listen to CBC radio, which I don't think is too bad. I know of US stations who also air some CBC radio programs (Q for example). I also get CBC on TV, which I wouldn't give up for anything. 
Also saving this post. Seems like you did your research and got some great food at very affordable prices!
Bad bot
/r/CBTS_Stream 
Specifically, Matt Gaetz
That is some bullshit right there
It's editorialized for sure, but this isn't fake news. Save your outrage for info wars and the like. 
Yes. Fuck Ajit Pai.
I knew it. 
What are you on about? 
Been watching more and more of McAvoy and he is as advertised, good on both ends of the ice and he makes smart plays. 

I tuned in to some of it, very moving stories.
You know DOPS has done well when most of us here agree with the ruling. 
A lot of people didn't evidently. 
I am not that big on US military reverence, but the stories of the 442nd really move me and I have a deep and enduring respect for those who served in this regiment. Inouye and others who saved the world while facing discrimination are as close as you can get to heroes.
That's the thing...I love that movie. I remember the scenes specifically with Lee Trevino, just not a scene where he says "I hope" or something to that effect.
Related: http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/10/26/state-department-scraps-sanctions-office/
I don't get this meme but I laughed anyway.
Just in time, Dominic Zombo has a mysterious infection:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=16&v=ZmJ3R2uSNpM
Freaking awesome, love the color scheme (reminds me of the NFL Rams)
that's a taco i'd order
Looks good, you didn't count activation day as day zero like me, so I'd say you're fine.
This is a strangely fascinating article, seems like there was a lot of serious research done
I just watched the dirty money episode. It was good, and does a good job at really profiling Trump's character and business failures, but really left me wanting to watch the inevitable part 2. You know, after the house of cards has fallen down. 
Swipe to dismiss google now cards, my most missed thingy
Haha I noticed that too. I think he was just mistaken.
Holy shit I thought this was real at first
How are you staying permanently in the country you're studying in?
Despite all that, I still use spotify because I'm on a family plan with people who don't care about the same features. Currently trying to convince them to switch to google play music.
Lol and yet, dozens of comments from people who haven't read the article or simply glossed over the title come here to call it "click-bait", ignoring the fact that the text is from AP and company valuations are very commonly listed in USD.
It's not even clickbait, valuations for any large multi-nationals are commonly shown in USD. It's just a quasi standard for businesses, and even more  so for the purposes of journalism. The text itself is from Associated Press.
I'm Vietnamese too. You're brainwashed, and Vietnam is being sold to corporate interests. 
It's not even clickbait, valuations for any large multi-nationals are commonly shown in USD. It's just a quasi standard for businesses, and even so for the purposes of journalism. The text itself is from Associated Press.
For those coming here with confusion about Formosa Plastics, they are indeed a Taiwanese company, but global company valuations are very commonly listed in US dollars. No one is trying to "trick" you that it's a US company. It's in the article itself, and the text is from the Associated Press. It's not clickbait.
Fun fact, Vietnamese identity has always been closely associated with  one of the three regions you are from: Northern, Central, and Southern. They have their own customs, accents, and food, to name a few things. [The South Vietnam flag symbolizes this unification of the three regions as a single country.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_South_Vietnam)
Because it might have given the US government more leverage to push human-rights initiatives in Vietnam in subsequent negotiations. The effects surrounding such trade deal can be a mixed bag for sure, such the Obama administration agreeing to lift a ban to sell arms in Vietnam, but in the long run, the thinking was that it would help to enable the development of a social democracy as a proxy to Chinese interests. 
Well the Formosa disaster happened by the ocean in April 2016, do you remember the name of the lake?
Company paid out a fairly measly settlement when you compare it to the lives impacted across Vietnam. A large portion of that settlement also went to corrupt government officials and not to those who made a living off the affected area. There were many protests in the region specifically because the settlement was complete and utter bullshit.
Any plans to go back to Vietnam? I'm Vietnamese-American and there is no way I would live or even study abroad in Vietnam. Place is totally fucked and your government doesn't give a shit about its people.

Any and all Vietnamese nationals I have encountered or know personally who are studying in the US do not want to go back home. 
I often think about what Vietnam would look like had SVA and American Forces prevailed. I probably would not have been born in the US, but the people of Vietnam might have been better off. I wish there was more Vietnamese Americans can do, but for now we'll just share stories like these, and try to make a ruckus. I wish you luck.
China is actively working to effectively buy Vietnam.
Thanks for posting such a great write up of the current situation. I visited in April of 2016 right as the spill was happening and when I got back home (to the US), the spill was all my relatives could ask me about. I'm Vietnamese-American, but I don't even know if I ever want to go back to Vietnam, despite it being such a beautiful country with lots to see. I feel guilty for not being able to do anything about it and don't want the Vietnamese government to get my tourist dollars.
Which are sadly, being quickly dismantled.
I love Patches, but I hope not. 
Hey thanks for your generosity! If you do happen to pick me, I'd love to play Sonic Mania! I don't have much time to play video games, so the Switch is perfect for me, and a casual platformer like Sonic would be fitting as well, even though I haven't played since I was a kid.
That was a super weird and cringey way to co-opt black history month. 
Spotify, in terms of product features and UI/UX, is just fucking awful. Their forums are full of requests and the product team will never get to them. Not to mention their half baked social features. For a company making so much money of premium users, I'm surprised they haven't offered a better in-app experience. 
Says the guy using cuck pejoratively, lol
There's nothing fundamentally wrong with believing what used to be conservative ideals, but for the sake of your sanity, leaving the party was probably a good thing.
But I addressed a point you made... And you're pivoting to the fbi? I would've liked to see a memo that exposed the fbi or the Obama administration, but that's not what this is. 
This person is a frequent poster on /r/greatawakening and /r/cbts_stream. I suggest you visit those subs for yourself lol. 
This person is a frequent poster on /r/greatawakening and /r/cbts_stream. I suggest you visit those subs for yourself lol. 
Policing is more complex than that, but sure. 
I've got no political loyalties, but even IF Obama abused his powers to spy on Carter page or the Trump campaign, this memo is does not prove that. 
Which is why they were so wishy washy about actually releasing it. Nunes just wanted to tease it, but he didn't have the political foresight to see how it would've been received by the public. 
Every situation is different, but I tend to agree with others who say your mental health is more important, if you can get by without the extra money. My salary is not as much as it could be if I left for another job, I still live at home, commute 8km to work, have good benefits, work cooks lunch 4 days a week, and I love my coworkers. I'm happy to make a little bit less (for now).
Looking at comment history, user posts frequently on /r/CBTS_Stream/. Do yourself a favor and visit that sub. Absolutely insane/hilarious.
I tend to agree, America is still at the point where cooler heads prevail.
I think the user means that mayans were able to predict with great accuracy celestial events, not the end of the word type prediction.

Thanks for taking the time to translate and post this! More good news for WTC!
Beautiful sight.
David Litt is on point with his speech analysis.
Trump even moved on to the next sentence before realizing that the clapping was still going on.
Loved him in NJ and love how he's been playing for us. Much needed for our depth charts.
Maybe she wasn't planning on going that far as far as affecting funding, but she still may have been privy to non-public knowledge of those companies, which is still bad.
There was a lot of money to be made on XXII, to be fair. /s
I don't think the user you replied to was disputing anything, they said the point was conveyed just fine.
Definitely. I'll be the first to correct someone and tell them it's characteristic of a social democracy, not necessarily communism. 
Like I said, priorities. 
I was born in the US, and my parents are Canadian, so I was eligible to apply. It was easy for me, but may be different for you. 
I actually think my effective tax in California is slightly higher. I am not self employed. Family is from Montreal though, so taxes there may be a bit higher than in Vancouver.
Dual citizen living in the States. Canada has higher taxes for sure, but they also have different priorities. I personally prefer that everyone's taken care of, but I hear that makes me a communist of some sort. 
Happens to the best of us.
It's a whoosh because the original comment you replied to was sarcastic.
No, it's not. Jill McCabe was running as a democrat on the ticket, so she got funding from the democratic party.
Though Miller and Kelly have similar views on immigration, I've also heard (I believe on NPR, but can't find the particular broadcast) that it was indeed Kelly who talked him out of the deal.
take a look at the red pill subreddit and you'll begin to understand why
You can argue about what the effects it may have on BTC price, but there is most likely something fishy going on with Tether.
I keep seeing people refer to this sub and others who disagree as leftists, makes me chuckle
Best thing in here are all the dt supporters now suddenly caring about fat shaming, political correctness/decorum. Love the fake outrage
It's not really the same thing since he's playing of of Trump's own words though. 
Fuck early subber but I missed the announcement... 
Rolling stone has opinion pieces, articles about art, culture, and society. They adhere to basic journalistic standards. Rolling Stone is a fine source. 
I do it sometimes. I don't really like seeing shareblue, and am open to the possibility that there are shills and vote bots here as well. But like others said, there are very informed people here as well, and discussions are less one-sides than critics from t_d would have you believe.
Not a usual on this sub, but came here to rave again about Oliver. They have one of the best sounds out there right now, big disco/nu disco whatever you want to call it, I absolutely love it.
Ben Garrison is not a good cartoonist in the traditional sense, it's always too on the nose or the punchline is just not funny.
Why is everyone so scared Trump won't get credit for legislative wins? When he signs legislation, he'll get credit. All I am saying is that the tax plan will, by the [opinions of major economists](http://www.igmchicago.org/surveys/tax-reform-2) and other non-partisan groups, have little positive effect on the economy as a whole and for workers wages, as was the case in the past. This is not a dig at Trump or any other politician.
Time and time again, massive tax cuts have not been shown to help workers in any substantive way. I've shared two links in a previous comment by nonpartisan groups who have come to the same conclusion regarding the latest tax bill.
Just because the company told them their raise was all due to the tax plan, doesn't necessarily make it so?
Of course deserving money and actually having it are two different things, that's weird to suggest that I was saying otherwise. I'm not saying anything else about Trump, I was merely saying his tax plan has little positive effect for the average hourly worker. 

I understand the frustration, I feel it myself. Since we do have a semi-functioning democracy ("semi" because of extreme gerrymandering, fucked up campaign finance laws, and low voter turn-out/voter suppression) I implore you to vote and encourage people around you to vote to. We'll never change the status quo if we don't try.
If it's a large multinational company you're with, chances are they will save billions in taxes, reward their board, reward their stockholders, and give the regular hard-working people like you the peanuts. 

Just a few sources, among many, many others:
https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/corporate-tax-cuts-mainly-benefit-shareholders-and-ceos-not-workers

https://www.epi.org/publication/cutting-corporate-taxes-will-not-boost-american-wages/


All Presidents, their admins, and any other department dealing with foreign politics, seek to maintain America's hegemony. Not excusing his droning or other bad policies, but that is just the reality of it. Trump isn't any "better" in that regard.
You already deserved $11/hr my man/woman, Trump's tax plan didn't change a thing.
I wonder why you think Obama mentioning it during his State of the Union speech was outrageous? A lot of legal minds /think tanks immediately knew the implications of Citizens United and even right after the decision came down, the SCOTUS had many critics. 
Although these aren't similar, the way I see it is Brown does try to hold up a bit, and wasn't trying to go hard into Shultz's back/head. Marchand straight up just goes for the flying elbow.
Haha I know right? The only reason I'll use the argument of "they would do the same thing" is because said group is actually doing just that. 
That's uh.. Quite the hypothetical there. 
I came across a pretty good video on the topic, or why gyro aiming should be in all console game:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3X1pd4UzubQ&t=5s
Popehat is great, here's the post I think you are referring to: https://www.popehat.com/2011/12/01/reminder-oh-wont-you-please-shut-up/
Haha, I actually haven't seen any OND episodes yet. What's your preferred method of watching (assuming you're in the US).
I'm one of those. I'm a patreon for the translators/subbers but I don't actually watch the episode until they are available as a torrent. It's easier to wait than to log in and try to use a vpn that happens to not be blocked by netflix and then load the file in a chrome extension to overlay the subs. 
this goal is never not fucking nuts to me
This is bad ass, I hope it works out for you. 
This is somehow worse 
Hehehe after responding to my posts nonstop
If you check the post of the user you're responding to, you'll see that they spend their time deflecting bad attention from China, whether it's deserved or not. I agree US propaganda exists in subtle forms, but so does Chinese propaganda. Either way, user you responded to is shady as fuck. 
Texas y u do dis
Pretty cool that there are so many unique and interesting naming options both already registered, and thrown out by the comments here. They all relate to the city, history, and culture of the Seattle too. Too bad Vegas/Bill Foley couldn't do something similar.
[Like this right?](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=images&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjlq7iJz-TYAhVCEawKHSeFD10QjRwIBw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tvguide.com%2Fsports%2Fbaseball%2Fcleveland-indians%2F281938%2F&psig=AOvVaw3BZVMxXcKax5fL7K24e477&ust=1516471596319734)
They could even throw an octopus on the...wait.
Shep Smith is the guy Fox keeps around so they can say, "Look we are fair and balanced!" kind of like Roy Moore's wife saying, "Our lawyer is a Jew!"
Continually surprised that CMC didn't do due diligence (or maybe they did, and didn't care) and continued to serve ads for these schemes. It's gotta be bad for cryto growth in the long run, I feel.
Worked at a restaurant a long time ago and one of the bussers would take all the cans and bottles to a recycling plant and make an extra 300 dollars a month.
One of my close relatives has Glioblastoma and had to get his tumor removed (twice). He's lived 2 years since his diagnosis and will hopefully keep fighting, but to see how doctors were able to give him extra time is fascinating.
It seems like there's a post about this once a month, with about 80% of the folks here liking Arman, and the rest on a spectrum of just tolerating him or disliking him. I'd say 80% is pretty good and not that controversial. He was a guy who came to live in Japan and make good friends, and that's what it seemed like he did.
A source "familiar with Bannon's thinking," is a pretty hilarious way to put it haha
Always wondered what might make people take to the streets, and honestly, this hypothetical situation might be it. 
Florida sucks, but if you can rally some people to kick out all the crazy politicians, that's a good start.
Most beekeepers I've talked to, including Jerry Hayes and Randy Oliver, have all said pesticides and fungicides remain an outside threat, and that Varroa mites are the issue and cause of ccd. 
Even back in the day, SomethingAwful and other boards recognized their stupidity. 4chan is even worse now.
As BGND was intended for Japanese audiences only, I imagine the music licensing would have been cheaper, so they went with actual songs from well-known artists. 

The music from BGITC and AS is from a run-of-the-mill music production house (5 Alarm) that makes music similar to well-known songs. For instance, they (or a customer) might listen to a Justin Timberlake song and and then try to create a very similar sound and melody with a few changes.

So yeah, music in BGND is much better because they are using actual songs, not just sound-alikes.
Piano music at the end was the Taylor Swift theme song, just a different rendition.

I know Parros ain't great, that's obvious to any serious hockey fan. 
whatever man, tell it to [this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5WEVrGF0qo)

He won the accuracy contest 3 years in a row.
Oh gotcha. Thanks for the description, since I probably won't see this movie. Doesn't sound like something that would rustle my jimmies too.
I'm glad it worked out for you, but that's not how you should be evaluating investment decisions.
And then he leads the rush and creates a chance after skating from a standstill, I love it. 
Doesn't help that it's fucking awful. Couldn't get past the first episode, one of the unfunnier things I've seen.
I know it's over, but loved that you spread the wealth. Hopefully you gave some to newbies or those that didn't have too big of a stack so they can get more involved and spread knowledge/interest in WTC!
I have both VEN and WTC. They seem similar at first, but have slightly different use cases. WTC has demonstrated good use with hardware implementation. In any case, there is probably room for both projects right now. There's some good info here on this sub, but one of the reasons WTC price has remained low and has grown at a slower pace is that it's not all translated, and you could argue the they aren't as good at marketing as VEN.
I think MOST people wouldn't call that appropriation (although some still would). Appropriation is probably people putting on blackface or wearing fake dreads at a party with a fake gun in their pants to represent "black" culture. But like some of the other responses said, food...food is the secret to world peace!
Haven't seen the movie, am also Vietnamese, also live by Little Saigon, but wanted to ask if it's something you could understand a Vietnamese person being offended by? While I personally detest outrage culture and overreactions, I try to understand why someone may be offended. I equally detest people who dismiss racism and have built a culture of being outraged at other outraged people.
If he's referring to 4chan, he's right. 
Sad to see this ain't happening!
I know lots of gun-loving democrats/left of center folks, all are for sensible gun regulations.
It at least make it easier to vote, but we can't even have that 
Very excited for this and the new control scheme, been waiting for a sequel, but this will definitely do!
All of this could have been avoided
More like, "prosecutor with experience in cyber crime cases"?
Love me some DSP, but fighting after a clean hit is kinda silly. Pull yourself up and check them back the next shift, just don't initiate a fight.
The richest, and also shadiest, member of congress. 
Always heard he was a shady character, but the NPR link also had a link to a New Yorker article about his early business dealings:

https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2011/01/24/dont-look-back-ryan-lizza
This is amazing 
A five year old account, first troll comment was 4 days ago. Impressive. (not in on xrp, just came across the discussion) 
Too be fair there's a lot of people fucking up in this picture 
Alright thanks, will try to find the Neo newspaper, though I'm still a bit lost on your comment. I do try to look at market cap. 
am noob, please explain?
Business insider I'm a bit more torn on because they have actual content I like sometimes. But yeah forbes sucks. 
Yeah pretty weird he was left out. TSN announcers were like, "Wow. we should just get him a watch."
This is actually really cool. I am not the biggest fan of modern art like this, but I can definitely appreciate it. 
I'm at a Korean chicken wings place watching Sportscentre, and when they started showing the ripped beard I thought it was some kind of joke. 
A movie brought to you by...goons...
Well yeah, but he had to be part of the exposed list. In any case, I think I did inflate his stats in my head. Still a great player though. 
Can't believe this guy is on his third team, I was so sad when the Ducks lost him.
I'll give you 6.99 for them.
What are you talking about? 
C'mon America, don't fall for this shit.
Searched and found the same result...apparently this has been a thing since April???
I wish I never read that book. Awful.
I read the commenter's post history. Pretty sure you're just right about them being offended that there were people of color in this movie.
Hokey, moralistic dialogue is arguably present in every Star Wars movie. Check the post history, user is just on a quest against "snowflakes" and "libcucks".
What... Are you even talking about? 
Came here to mention Colman's dry mustard as well. 
missing the point of the sub bruh
He shouldn't be suspended for LIFE, but I am surprised he does keep getting employed by NHL teams. 
Everytime I see Rinaldo's name, it's cause he's about to be suspended/has a hearing, or has been suspended. Guy's grit/60 must be through the roof
As others have said, this is a fake. There is a guy who used to go to Stanford and was able to do this, although he would solve them one at a time whilst juggling (which is still impressive).
As an Asian American/Canadian kid growing up, I was a huge fan, and although I didn't realize it until later, watching a player of Asian descent definitely had something to do with it. I eventually met a lot of Asian hockey fans that got into the sport because of Kariya as well. 
Wait they changed the box warranty? 
Yeah it wasn't a great article actually since the headline "clears" them. But I wanted to link to the latest development in the situation. They were still fired and it revealed some serious problems with the charity. 
No, I'm not, just last year their execs were fired for misuse of funds, among other problems. They are trying to prove themselves as a worthy charity and remedy those problems, but until a good amount of time goes by, just donate to another charity, there's tons out there helping vets. 
Nah, wounded warrior sucks.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2017/02/08/wounded-warrior-project-cleared-of-spending-lavishly-report-finds/
clean hits get me wet
damn, really triggered by diversity huh?
HNIC wouldn't be the same without seeing an ad for Murdoch Mysteries, I agree
I still love Ron Maclean, but I didn't think Strombo was too bad; I actually enjoyed his enthusiasm. Despite not having a body of work that was hockey related, he (or the talking points given to him) seemed knowledgeable enough.
Not to mention having to physically press a remote button to launch the bombs
It says the Trump administration thinks they can nominate whichever judge they want, [because they've been getting away with it so far. ](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/president-trump-set-record-appeals-judge-appointees-setbacks/story?id=51814753)
I've seen him described as having no party loyalty, and beyond that no real meaningful positions, just jumping on whatever bandwagon will get him elected.
Pretty good assessment of the situation here:

https://www.popehat.com/2017/12/15/i-have-almost-nothing-bad-to-say-about-matthew-spencer-petersen/

TLDR; The nominee isn't unqualified in his job, but unqualified in his nomination to be a federal judge. What may reflect badly on him is the fact that he decided to accept this nomination and go through the senate confirmation process even though he probably knew he wasn't qualified.
I'm not terribly familiar with it, but I also believe there is something about Evangelical Christians believing that the second coming of Christ can only take place when Jews occupy Jerusalem. And then he will kill them all with a sword. Or something like that.

One handed control tho
Never gilded anyone, but okay. 

Edit: Feels pretty good
Been seeing a bunch of editorials parrot talking points questioning Mueller and the investigation. Wsj editorial board wrote about his so-called credibility problems, which is what prompted this response. Seems as if they are coordinating this to undermine trust. 
There's nothing wrong with it per se, and nobody is wishing for war with Russia, but there is a war of ideals going on. Given the context, Putin is clearly trolling here, and isn't really interested in "being good friends".
Yeah of course, all the ISP's lobbied congress to the tune of millions so that you could get a lower bill! ISP's fighting for the consumer, brilliant!
but...reddit is not an isp. logic doesn't hold up
I'm not in her district but am a resident of OC. I do hope she's voted out next term though, along with Issa.
I definitely don't agree with all of this, but here's a rebuttal to those: http://hightechforum.org/fact-checking-net-neutrality-violations/
What an inusfferable cunt
actually my bad, i think just one of them are. /u/ABCDEFG42, try harder brah
both accounts replying to you are slickwraps shill accounts, fyi
Lol as this very thread is being brigaded by Slickwraps
I know a set of identical twins named Danny and Daniel, it's brutal indeed
Wrong thread, but I agree with you. 
These look really great, similar to my 2 retired pairs and I still have a New Standard pair in rotation. Unfortunately, I don't buy APC's anymore since they are pretty pricey now, and still made in Macau/Vietnam, but they used to be some of my favorites.
So much fucking isp astroturfing here, jeez. I'm reading a bunch of comments that ask, "why can't the internet just go back to pre 2015 rules?" 
Oh my god that cheap star wars theme song knock off was too funny
Just wanted to wish you the best of luck. Never easy to lose a job and make a life change like that. 
> that spelling of Melania make me think of millennials with skin cancer.

Melanianoma

Was this for a role or just for fun?
I believe this guy also made a video of beating BOTW without climbing at all. It was a crazy video, but he actually managed it.
Awesome interview, definitely a fan now
I made it a point to go eat Italian food I Japan. Japanese cooking has a special touch so seeing how it's applied to other foods is really interesting. Your trip sounded great too
I watched this on TV and was so confused. Even the panel was like, "why are we running this?" 
On his own face 
Lovejoy is just such a great dude. Glad he's taken the lead on this issue, in this regard.
Funny thing is I had my suspicions after your original comment, and I'm even more sure of my guess now.
Do tell which one?
Ah yes, thank you for the correction.
Based in China.
That... Actually seems like he put some force into it 
Don't forget about the tax cut for corporations and the rich that they claim will RAISE revenue, despite almost every trained economist saying it won't 
I add a good amount to dry powdered mustard to mine, makes a difference. 
I'll be another voice of agreement. Adding water is just weird. 
Does that roux look like it had too much butter to anyone else? 
The kukri(s?) on their uniforms are really cool
Good entry model into the Vapor series. After a couple seasons, you're gonna splurge, believe me!
What the tax plan will do is blow a hole in the deficit, at which the federal government will HAVE to cut spending. At that point, they can start to cut social services and other welfare program. The tax plan is being sold as benefitting the middle class, but it's really a longterm plan to get rid of the poor.

Here are survey results of the top economists when asked about the effects of the tax plan: 
http://www.igmchicago.org/surveys/tax-reform-2

And when asked whether cutting taxes will raise revenues, as the Reublicans have claimed:
http://www.igmchicago.org/surveys/laffer-curve
Just want to say I don't necessarily agree with it, but I understand the argument. Obama designating Bear Ears was also a controversial decision for a lot of reasons (I see merit in both sides of the argument) but it looks like Trump wants to undo whatever Obama did and curry favor with the business lobbying for development in these areas. 
Never thought of that before! TIL
Isn't the NHLPA's assistance fund exactly for these types of situations? Wonder what's preventing him from getting that type of help (besides himself) ?
"Not played because of a mild winter." Haha
Sensible take, makes sense. Thanks for posting it.
Pretty awesome of you to run this type of analysis for your nephew!
Never played too much of this series, but that jump looks super weird and short. I'd probably die a bunch.
Just got into animé last year, but this show totally feels like one. Almost like a one punch man, meets food wars, with slice of life. Awesome, hilarious, at times touching, it's a great show. 
No doubt what he did as horrible, but let's hope he can get some help or something idk
No, and it may be part of the reason why I stopped using my xbox
Ritchie looks and plays like an idiot. I said this countless times during last year's series against the Nashville, the kid is honestly embarrassing to watch and have on the team sometimes. 
I will commend you for taking the pragmatic approach to all this, because I think most commenters would love to see Flynn and Trump himself be taken down by the investigation. I agree that we know Flynn had lied a few months ago based on the time line. We also know that he could have perhaps been charged with more, (falsifying or omitting critical information regarding being a foreign agent) so I was wondering about your thoughts on that? Essentially I think Mueller's investigation into Flynn probably did yield more results, we just aren't seeing more charges brought against him because he's agreed to talk.

As long as nobody gets hurt, I'm okay with this.
Whoever created this is fucking stupid
Wow, I consider myself decently versed in US politics, and I've never heard of Tester. Very impressed.
Comey posting a /r/prorevenge topic with a throwaway is really funny to me.
Oh yeah I really disdain her for all that stuff, trust me.
probably conjecture, although user was probably referring to possible crimes relating to his consulting firm, work with his son, and on behalf of the turkish government.
Feinstein isn't perfect, and no legislator is, but at least she's on the right side of this issue.
Yeah, I took the replies to be as such because you took a joke a little too seriously.
User made that comment in jest, and it went over your head.
Charlie Rose? Isn't he in "dark" mode since the allegations against him? Asking because I can't find a source.
I already read the title, so I was seriously shocked to see Eric Garcetti there
"Yeah but Trump is a businessman, Obama's never held a job in his life"

I no joke heard that today from a rich guy, who then proceeded to tell me why net neutrality is bad. 
Mentioned this in the other thread, but I've been a fan on Henrique for a couple years, and am really glad we have him. Gonna miss Sami though, but this looks to be a trade both teams will benefit from.
Seems like it could be a great deal for both teams. I'm hyped for sure, been a fan of Adam Henrique and his mustache for a while.
Is there any chance I can come play? Been a dream of mine 
Hopefully other cities will change their mind when Santa Ana tells them they are making money from licenses and taxes, all the while helping people get medicinal marijuana that they depend on.
Just came through, best question here
Oh shit, that's awful. I hope your case is rare, but it sucks that it played out that way. Will have to take a hard second look at sending in my phone. Thanks for replying.
Do you mind elaborating a little? I was thinking about sending in my Pixel XL (OG) for a new pixel 2.
Although abdicating to your son isn't exactly the same thing
Tim Wise is the man, is knowledgeable and has very good arguments to refute myths surrounding race and class isues. Thank you for posting the video.
Dear Zachary, a documentary about the Canadian Justice system failing a mother. 
This guy is straight up a psychopath 
Uh... Okay? Idk man I'm just trying to get along with everyone. 
Conservatives would call them snowflakes, I think. 
Oh gotcha. Alrighty then, nothing to see here
I mean, generally we come here for newer stories/articles no?
Huge Iggy fan and I would absolutely love this.
This article is from the 6th of November...
Don't watch L'antichambre too much, but I'm guessing Tremblay says a lot of dumb stuff here. 

Edit: Found this: http://montrealgazette.com/sports/hockey/nhl/hockey-inside-out/mario-tremblay-offside-with-on-air-rehab-comment-about-habs-player
Yeah that's the one, although I couldn't remember the story specifically. Wonder if other players are going to come forward with their stories #metoo #therrieneffect
Not sure if it was the same episode, but they also said Therrien ripped into a locker room attendant for a minor mistake and basically didn't treat other people with any respect. Therrien was (is?) a shitty guy.

Edit: Rispeck*
Wait, I'm a bit confused at what you're getting at. They story is that Phillips/Project Veritas/O'Keefe (maybe the Moore campaign itself?) were trying to bamboozle WaPo, and WaPo caught on and proved it. What do mean Wapo "could have turned the table, but blew their load"? 
They didn't release a video of that, if there is one. The only video in the article is the second interview between the WaPo journalist and Phillips. 
Came here to say this as well. I took the Gornergrat furnicular in Zermatt and it cost ~80 CHF (at the time about 95 USD), but it was well worth it. That country is postcard come to life.
Just...why?
Pays to be liar, as we've found out.
That's all the really need, are sound bites. All of the past Project Veritas videos have been chopped up sound bites edited together for maximum impact.
Oh man, I was in Vietnam last year JUST before the spill occurred, and when I got home, my relatives asked me if I saw all the dead fish, to which I said no. Turns out right after we left, tons and tons of dead fish were found because of the spill, and the surrounding area was just wrecked. I'm a first-generation Vietnamese American, so my parents have filled me in on the protests taking place, and the government's efforts to sweep this thing under the rug. Lots of Vietnamese-Americans have been trying to raise awareness toward this whole thing and rallied around this issue to expose wrongdoing by the Vietnamese government, so glad to see it make /r/all.
Ah wait, you're right. I misunderstood.
I also enjoyed the editing. It felt super fast and a lot of scenes ended on jokes, but I thought they worked in the context of the film.
Actually it means the reviewers believe the film to be 6/10.

From their site:

>A good review is denoted by a fresh red tomato. In order for a movie or TV show to receive an overall rating of Fresh, the reading on the Tomatometer for that movie must be at least 60%.
You are one strange individual
Wait what? You can get a steak with priority pass there or am I mistaken? 
Anybody keeping their CSR for another year at least?
Nice, congrats to the winners. Looking forward to seeing these projects developed even further!
I tend to agree. They do report factual content, but I think the lean is a bit too strong for this sub. 
Gonna agree with you here, take what Hayden says with a grain of salt. He lied to the American people with his statements about domestic surveillance. 
Just started watching anime last year but yeah I'm a weeb now for sure
I hear Bieksa does 100 push ups, 100 sit ups,  100 squats, and a 10km run every single day. 
Extreme ends of a spectrum can be similar, but both sides are not the same. 
Can't tell if you're serious, but user called Trump an incompetent fucktard, not you. 
Ah gotcha, and you're absolutely right, there are patients out there with that attitude. Not sure how they would fit into these surveys if they don't value good communication and provider/patient interaction in the first place. Having said that, do you think getting rid of patient satisfaction as a factor of reimbursement or hospital pay altogether is the answer? Or just reform? It's all so complicated I'm not sure what to think. 
That's a very interesting analogy and I'm glad you brought it up. Definitely could be a feedback loop happening here, and as more data/studies are published, we'll get a better idea of the effects. If the scores are, as a whole, a drag on outcomes, then there should be reform as far as payment structures go. 
I mean, it's only a portion though. I am saying that better communication can still lead to high satisfaction scores and better patient outcomes. How would you structure reimbursement? 
Although patient satisfaction is only a portion of reimbursement and and hospital pay structure, I agree with your broader point. When I read the best of comment, I was a bit confused. While I don't doubt that situations like that exist, I don't think providers should be giving out medicine a patient does not need. The whole point of patient satisfaction scores is increased training for providers, which in turn leads to better communication with patients, and then better scores (and obviously, better care and outcomes). 
I wanted to respond to this bestof comment in the thread, but it would've probably been buried. There were a lot of people deriding the fact that patient satisfaction scores are part of hospital reimbursement at all. It can make it seem like incentives are warped here, and sometimes they can be, but patient satisfaction was included in the ACA as a means to improve care and communication between providers and patients. If a doctor feels like the only way they can help achieve good scores is giving out medication that a patient does not need but has asked for or demanded, then that falls on hospital administration's lack of training and failure to help doctors be set up for success. The key to patient satisfaction is communication, not giving in to patient demands. To be clear, leaning too heavily on patient satisfaction can definitely be a bad thing, but the comment makes it seem like it's the only thing that counts for hospital reimbursement/admin bonus and pay structure, when that's far from the case.

Edit: it's complicated and I found a good article explaining why leaning too much on patient satisfaction scores can be bad thing:

https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2015/04/the-problem-with-satisfied-patients/390684/

And here's a post that examines the Atlantic article:

https://healthjournalism.org/blog/2015/05/the-aca-and-patient-satisfaction-does-it-improve-care/

From this post:

>Robbins’ Atlantic essay incorrectly states that HHS “decided to base 30 percent of hospitals’ Medicare reimbursement on patient satisfaction survey scores” in 2012 under the ACA’s VBP. In the next paragraph, it correctly states that the policy was withholding 1 percent of Medicare reimbursement – not 30. (It phases up to 2 percent in 2017). Hospitals, as she noted, can earn some of that back or get bonuses based on satisfaction. But the entire 1 percent isn’t based on the satisfaction survey – it’s 30 percent of that 1 percent in year one, and patient satisfaction actually counts less by 2017. Patient satisfaction is one of four domains.


WGP Flair should've clarified that he was talking about PED's and that his point was unrelated to the thread topic.
Good on Riley Cote for having the courage to work on initiatives like that. Sounds like he has a very good grasp on how it could help athletes with anxiety and to avoid other drugs.
What I want: 2 game suspension

What I think will happen: Nothing
But... Payments are based on patient outcomes. Patient satisfaction matters too, but I don't know where you're getting the idea that outcomes don't matter. 

Edit: User made it sound like payments/performance indicators aren't based on patient outcomes, and only patient satisfaction. Both are used.
That's not entirely true. While the HCAHPS does include questions about pain management, it's part of a broader range of questions like room cleanliness and doctor interaction. The questions about pain management, if you look at them as a whole, focus on communication of pain management methods to the patient. We know that through proper patient education and communication before pain medication is administered, we can still achieve high patient satisfaction. There are hospitals and providers out there who have issues with patient satisfaction and feel the need to push a culture of, "give the patient what they ask for" but I think it's a cop-out for proper communication between providers and their patients, and administrators and providers. 
Interesting. I think 7 leaves is trash, but maybe I'm extra hard on them for some reason. 
Oh for sure, I'll admit the Ducks logo isn't great if you're willing to admit Bill Foley's weird obsession with his Alma mater didn't eliminate a ton of better name options for the knights. Our old work mark logo was even worse, the stand-alone webbed foot is much better. 
Recently came across something very similar. I found a user who posted in threads where someone mentioned China, and it didn't even really matter that the comments weren't talking bad about China. This user (presumably a shill) would accuse other users and reddit at large of being racists and allowing racism against Chinese to he accepted. If you want to see for yourself, check out /u/jerryrigging's post history.

Made an album and called out the user, they've been inactive since: https://imgur.com/a/ylTDY
But... Hard work
Seriously. I'm a fan of the team and glad Vegas has pro hockey, but just haven't gotten on board with the name/logo. Just so boring and generic. 
I mean, that's really all he was. He had done some work in past administrations, but is basically a shill who got his fame for being one of the first Trump supporters to go on tv and defend the guy. 
Doubt it. The other two guys are hardline corporate supporters just like Pai.
Fairmount guy myself, although they really are pretty much the same thing. I buy at least 36 just to take home to California when I visit, and throw them in the freezer. Not as good when you reheat, but it gets the job done. 
Yep, but one was still better than the other.
Just ignore the thread then. It's pretty easy. 
Bots on reddit are fairly easy to make, and don't cost much. Lobbying Washington, and getting your guy to be the FCC commissioner on the  other hand...
Anyone have the full text of Pai's op-ed in the WSJ?
That is hilarious. Good, quick work by their social media team.
Aldi has some pretty good finds, from Tuesday to Thursday, called "Aldi Finds" which are usually brand name items that they sell at a discount. Once they sell out, it's pretty much gone forever. I got a 6 dollar piece of cheese for 4 dollars last week. Interesting to see Aldi expand essentially where Fresh n Easy shuttered.
I've had the pleasure to visit the Grand Canyon (North Rim) twice during a thunder storm. Truly awesome experience to just sit at the edge of the canyon and watch a lightning storm rage on only a short distance away. I remember one of our trips we just smoked weed, relaxed, and talked in between waiting to see the flash and bang of the lightning. Whenever it hit, we'd all scream out loud and get giddy. Lasted probably an hour long. If anyone wants to try their luck, go during the rainy season in Arizona. 
Gonna re-up my Xbox live account and play some halo this weekend 
A coworker and I were going to sign up for this card through the California resident link, and we were wondering if one of us could refer the other. How long does it take to get approved and get an active referral link?
Staying away from USDT as some shady stuff has been happening on that front.
After the game, Hazy said that that comment was completely unscripted. Looks like Samueli is willing it to happen though!
That's incredibly sad to me for some reason. 
He's the president of the United States, and he's related to the thread because he, on a regular basis, spits out quotes like this. Don't see why it's so bad to bring him up
Didn't mean it this way, am a trilingual Asian myself. Just didn't expect the intonation and pretty good accent from someone who grew up in rural China. He did attend graduate school and probably spoke English there, but was still educated in China. I've read interviews with him as well, it was just the first time I heard him speak. 
The NRA fuckin sucks 
Looked super scary when Maroon was falling to the ice. Glad they're both okay, maybe it'll be a real fight next time. 
Dual citizen, family from Montreal. If I could have a dog le flair it'd be nice, but I opt for the Ducks because that's where I'm currently located. 
Yup, didn't know that either
Yup, was referring to the parts when Jack Ma himself was talking.
As a Habs fan, I'm okay with people shitting on our team for his trade
This is fucking hilarious
Wow, had no idea his English was that good. 
Jack Ma is so smart, his head is actually bigger to accommodate his brain
It's not really an "ad" just as much as a promotion and personal branding tie-in video.
Such a Canadian encounter

Here's an article about him using the streaming ecosystem to his advantage and how stupid his followers are: http://www.vulture.com/2017/10/why-does-chris-browns-new-album-have-45-songs.html


wrong thread bruh
paging /u/jerryrigging to be outraged.

context: https://imgur.com/a/ylTDY
Some people might say it doesn't make a difference, that a president's behavior and decorum don't have much of an effect on our attitude towards each other and how we choose to handle things, but I FEEL like people were just...more calm(?) when Obama was in office, and there was more respect for the common person. That's what I miss the most.
Canadian mirroring US politics huh? haha
Wouldn't it be better if he just straight up said his views on the matter have evolved?
Please don't forget to call your representatives: https://www.battleforthenet.com/

I've done so a few times, it's very easy. Just call and tell them you care about NN, and ask them to support current Title 2 rules for a free and open internet.
Hopefully we could all be playing when we're that old. I play with a 76 year old Ukranian guy sometimes, and imagining him going for another 20 years is just crazy.

Andy (his grandson in the video) was also drafted in 2002 and now apparently plays in the EIHL. 
Poor Pleky didn't know what he was doing. Oh well, first time for everything.
Seems like they've been used already. Still looking for one wonder code if anyone's got it. 
Anyone have an extra code that been redeemed through tmo but not on Atom for Wonder? Would appreciate it! 
I mean they did do something stupid with the whole pewdiepie thing.

Also lots of their staff disagreed with how they were being asked to report: https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/sep/10/the-wall-street-journals-trump-problem
Learned a very expensive lesson. Hopefully never again. Still have a little BCH in case we go north again, but it's a tough game.
AL! You were supposed to be the chosen one, but we must treat the accusations as seriously as any others. This is disappointing and we'll see how the wheel of justice plays out.
I can organize any events in Southern California.
LOL Teemu called Paul to tell him before the official call from Lanny Mac.
I have a sister who has had struggles with schoolwork and math. She's in high school and still gets help from my mom and other tutors. Basically, my mom checks her homework everyday. I was terrible at math, and shied away from helping her, but this post reminded me that I need to be a better big bro and help her in whatever ways I can. Your friend is a good dude.
Took a few minutes to compile some examples of your trolling: https://imgur.com/a/ylTDY
I know, I only found out because I responded in a thread about Vietnam serving shark fin soup to Trump. I'm Vietnamese (born/raised in the US), so I said I didn't think shark fin soup was a thing in Vietnam, and that shark-fin soup is likely to be a Chinese import, as with other parts of Vietnamese culture and cuisine.  Guy proceeds to flame me and "call me out" for deflecting blame to China and absolving Vietnam, which I wasn't doing. I check his post history and see jerryrigging has a bunch of questionable posts about China.

Edit: Took a few minutes to put together examples: 
https://imgur.com/a/ylTDY
This whole thread started because user jerryrigging said, "what about Japan?"

Check jerryrigging's post history. User has responded to a ton of comments and posts, deflecting attention from China/Chinese interests, even when the original comment has nothing or little to do with China. Most likely a paid troll/shill.
Check jerryrigging's post history. User has responded to a ton of comments and posts, deflecting attention from China/Chinese interests, even when the original comment has nothing or little to do with China. Most likely a paid troll/shill.
I did admit that I was wrong, I have no problem with that. I just said I offered a personal account, and after seeing sources online, I edited my first comment. I admit I'm wrong all the time. But you're just an online troll who is combating anything negative about China, even when comments you're responding to have little to do about China. Like I said, you're either a paid shill or just a fucking weirdo. 
I wasn't aware you called me out on anything, but I am glad I found your account. Never occurred to me the Chinese government was paying to have reddit accounts astroturf.
Haha whatever dude, there was absolutely no blame to be had, but go ahead and keep trolling! Already read through your thoroughly entertaining and crazy post history.
I am reading your post history, and you are either a paid troll/shill or just straight up insane
I guess it's a thing, just didn't know about it. What's funny again?


Edit: LOL you're a paid china shill 
I didn't know it was a thing until I saw it on wiki and then asked some family members. I have never had or heard of any Vietnamese friends or family enjoying shark fin soup for any occasion. This is a culture that loves eating specific foods for specific occasions too. Just trying to give my input. But yeah, I must be bs'ing right? You do realize shark fin soup is recognized as a Chinese delicacy right? 
Also 27, making okay money but I want to start something myself too. Been thinking alot about what might be needed in the crypto space. 
Hahah I've been pretty lazy to type it all out, but you pretty much summed up how I feel. I chalked my dislike of him to perhaps my American upbringing, but he was so cringey to me. However, he does make for entertaining TV. Seeing the panel and Kentaro make fun of him endlessly was great, and in the end, Taishi went along with the joke (and is apparently making a clothing brand out of it) so I'm glad he found his girl. But the dude is weird.
For all the attention the Stevens' hit gets, let's not forget how big of a piece of shit Gary Suter was for his cheapshot before the Olympics.
Well deserved. Paul is a sports hero to me.
It could've been for Russian polling, or it could have been part of the laundering scheme. Until the FBI investigates this, which the article says they are, and they find something that is relevant, this isn't quite newsworthy yet.
To be clear, I didn't dislike HZD. It just felt a little more formulaic than BOTW, with the tower system being a little bit closer to Assassins Creed and other "climb the tower, see the objectives" types of games. BOTW had me climb a tower, visually inspect the landscape, set my own waypoints, and then try to see if my hunches were right. It had me wanting to physically explore the map more than anything.

Verge had a pretty decent article that kind of speaks to what I'm talking about: https://www.theverge.com/2017/3/17/14957460/the-legend-of-zelda-breath-of-the-wild-nintendo-switch-future-games
Not to mention the map exploration is just so bland compared to botw
I like PUBG and enjoy shooters but it's doesn't belong in the same category as genre defining titles. 
Hey, all those are legit criticisms of Obama's tenure. It still doesn't make him the worst president.
I'm sorry, I've read and re-read, but I don't know what you're trying to say.
Don't disagree, but that is for a very small amount of people. No common person eats shark fin soup, and it's a rather recent import from China. Mostly enjoyed by party members who have inexplicably close ties to China and the Chinese government.

Source: Am Vietnamese

Edited my original comment. 
Weird thing, shark fin soup ~~isn't even~~ is barely a thing in Vietnam.
Dude, blockstream is literally in pockets of bankers. The second layer payment system is made so that a third party can profit. /r/bitcoin just today added 9 more mods to remove and censor posts. That should tell you enough.
Why do you think btc will win, as opposed to bch?
It's like you read Ayn Rand in college and never matured beyond that

Bch investor and I thank you for making this video. All viewpoints are appreciated. You made some good points to keep in mind. 
My understanding: 

Earlier this year, Nunes ran to the Whitehouse when he learned there was a FISA warrant on certain members of the Trump team, pirior to the campaign, and that they (and others, such as Trump himself) have been caught up in incidental collection. This is rather routine for a FISA warrant. They were able to spin the story to make it sound like Obama had the intelligence services "spying" on team Trump and unmasking American civilians (typically American names are redacted in information collection under FISA).

More info on that here: https://www.lawfareblog.com/what-heck-devin-nunes-talking-about-guide-perplexed

We can surmise that Nunes may have been one of the people that was unmasked, and now that this report has surfaced, we may know why. Flynn was working as a foreign agent, assisting the Turkish Government try to bring back a religious figure who has spoken out again Erdogan. Flynn met with Turkish officials at this breakfsat, and Nunes was also there. Not too sure how this plays out, someone correct me if I'm wrong.
I begrudgingly use Spotify and shudder to think of the bug/issues it would have on the Switch. Sounds like a good idea, until you find out their dev/QA/UI/UX is just terrible.
This comment hit home for me as an American-Canadian dual citizen. I grew up in the US, but have visited Canada many times, coast-to-coast. I tended to look down on US politics when compared its Canadian counterpart (Canada has also been on the brink of political crisis and has bounced back) but I realize now it is special in its own workings. 
Pretty sure he's trying to rehab his image with Daddy's Home 2
The question is, which national team will the kid play for? Congrats to both players, they have been fun to watch in international tournaments and Olympics, I didn't even know they were a couple.
Anyone know what kind of cat this is?
Yeah I forget sometimes this is the really the era of skilled players. 
His existence looks painful
Always associated him as more of a goony guy for some reason (probably his first playoff run), nice to see some moves from him.
Last shot of him moving his feet into the zone is just incredible. Complete control at jet speed.
Jags hugging Gaudreau is just the best thing ever

And I forgot that Jagr has never played for a Canadian team. Neat!
the fuck you on about mate
Hey good luck, it helps to vent sometimes. I hope you make it, that your wife is happy, and your kid is healthy.
If that were the case it would be, "The New York (((globalist))) turned himself in.."

Best thing is the author of the Breitbart article tweets that he out-scooped WaPo, when Breitbart only pushed the story because Roy Moore's campaign sent it over to them when WaPo asked them for comments.
I did the same thing, went from a 90 dollar boot to a one about in the same price range as you after the first two seasons. Huge difference. Now that I've been playing for 6-7 years, I use the skates that are 1 or 2 levels below the most expensive ones, so usually $600+. You'll no doubt upgrade just like me, and the difference there can be night and day as well. Enjoy your new skates!

Lol doesn't change the fact that Google was op's best friend 
That's this sub most of the time. Content can be funny, but like the people they make fun of, they don't understand the joke. I see obvious jokes posted here as serious content all the time.
Nobody is answering because it was poorly worded and you spelled some words wrong. Also, the information is so readily available and if you wanted, could find the answer yourself, but instead you chose to ask in a semi facetious way that has a weird political government angle.
Love the lighting in this one
Lol I was just about to post the same thing. Just updated the wiki to reflect his 9 points in 9 games.
Looks okay to me, she's not the first girl I've seen with this hair. On the other hand, unless you got permission from her to post this, you're just an asshole.
I am Vietnamese, TIL. Also this gif triggers me because fuck the government of Vietnam.
Paul Bae
Alex Funke is legit. I remember watching (in awe) as he described the miniatures from Lord of the Rings series, and their attention to detail. Cool to see him involved in this movie as well.

Just picked this up! Been waiting for a nice drop, and this is the cheapest I've seen for good brand-name card that isn't too good to be true.
Ah yes, the return of Reagonimics.
Whenever I see these titles, I always imagine one player gently caressing and massaging the other by candlelight, helping to slowly taking off his pads, helmet, and glove. 

Athanasiou then leans over, and whispers to Henrik, "I'm gonna score tonight. You're gonna like it."
So casual and smooth. That guy definitely fucks wives.

Not sure why they made these. They should've made licensing deals with other camera companies.
Trump did his usual twitter endorsement, but also recorded a robocall for Gillespie: https://www.politico.com/story/2017/11/07/gillespie-robo-call-trump-make-america-great-244645
Let's hope that the redistricting is fair, although I suspect that will be enough for the Democrats.
Wow, huge win for Virginia Democrats. Trump had backed Gillespie on twitter and even recorded a robocall for him.
Seems like you bought into the facebook/twitter ads, sheesh. If I heard it from you, I would think Hillary Clinton is a serial killer or something.
You must have misunderstood. Calling for genocide, of any group of people, is reprehensible. I was simply stating that how you interpret the threat of genocide might be different if you're white or a person of color. 

> I find making excuses for racists to be silly.

We're in agreement here then.
I don't disagree. Just saying it's a bit more nuanced. And that white victimhood is silly.
I get what you're saying, and I concede if their aim is to get a reaction, then if I tear one down their goal is met. I just don't think I'd be thrown off by the racial part as much as I would be by the fact that it's just 4chan trolling. I don't see how tearing something like this down would gain them more followers.

Of course the idea of a white genocide and those calling for it are fucking stupid as well. The difference is the word genocide might have a different meaning toward some people of color than it does for those who identify as white. It's not one side or the other, and context is important, why is that hard for people to understand?

If it makes my position clearer, I enjoy a lot of the posts in TIA. I also recognize a lot of people here have a victim complex and hate being told they can't say whatever they want. /pol/ is pretty much a distillation of that, so much so that they do tongue-in-cheek stuff like this just to get a reaction.
Yeah, I could see Taishi listening to Huey Lewis and the News while working out.
I would agree with the other child comment that Terrace House is not a dating show, just a show about people living together. Sure, there's dating involved in TH, but I would call the Bachelor/Bachelorette a show about dating. 
One of my favorite characters. He stays a while, I think a total of 9 months, but that was...kind of his goal. He's a little lost and is finding himself in terms of a career while he's on the show, but he got to stay and experience something new, and for free too. Maybe this is just an "American" attitude but, dude is playing his cards right.

Like others mentioned, he worked hard at the job he had, he was by all accounts a great housemate, wasn't involved in drama, and to me, was a calming force in the house. I don't remember the hosts "ripping" him, other than making fun of how he looks when he talks.
Saw this movie on Saturday. Can't help but describe it as a warm hug in movie form. Solid acting, directing, and very fast and interesting editing, and movie had the audience laughing.
Just when I was out, ya'll pull me right back in
Funny they decided to do this on the bench and not in the locker room
He also does some more "serious" videos  that examine the industry, such as the one about video game reviews and his E3 reviews. You may not agree with everything he says, but he's got good points. 
Pretty inspirational, especially as a victim of war, and then running her first marathon at 48.
Inferior services, less streaming/bitrate options, and like others have said, blackouts. I was paying anywhere from 100-120 dollars a year for hockeystreams (RIP) and at the time they also offered Olympics and CHL games. 
Just a quick link because I'm at work, but that is just not true. There have been many studies that show cutting the top tax rates does not result in increased rates of job creation.

https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/30/theres-little-evidence-that-cutting-corporate-taxes-creates-jobs.html

https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/economy/reports/2017/08/24/437625/trickle-tax-cuts-dont-create-jobs/

https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/large-job-growth-unlikely-to-follow-tax-cuts-for-the-rich-and-corporations

Also, the non-partisan Congressional Research Service did a study on taxes and economic growth.

In it, they find:
>  This analysis finds no
conclusive evidence, however, to substantiate a clear relationship between the 65-year reduction
in the top statutory tax rates and economic growth. Analysis of such data conducted for this report
suggests the reduction in the top tax rates has had little association with saving, investment, or
productivity growth. It is reasonable to assume that a tax rate change limited to a small group of
taxpayers at the top of the income distribution would have a negligible effect on economic
growth.

https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R42729.pdf

Hope this clears things up.
And just yesterday, when I asked for proof that it was a leak, someone linked me to The Nation's article from Patrick Lawrence as evidence.

To be sure, the article provides no proof and is now preceded by an Editor's Note saying as much.
You dismantled their argument by saying black slavers came first, so white people aren't culpable. Lmao
Dude black pride as an idea came largely from African American slaves who were kidnapped and stripped of any country or cultural identity. Treatment based on color of course becomes a binding agent. 
It's always been okay to be white. That wasn't ever really in question.
Thanks for distilling my thoughts. These ideas are lost on everyone here. People calling out those who would tear this down are...probably white. The context may be lost on them. I would tear this down not because I don't think it's okay to be white, but because this is just a lame attempt to get a reaction.
There is no evidence in what Patrick Lawrence wrote at all. At all. The editor's note even says:

> We have also learned since publication, from longtime VIPS member Thomas Drake, that there is a dispute among VIPS members themselves about the July 24 memo. This is not the first time a VIPS report has been internally disputed, but it is the first time one has been released over the substantive objections of several VIPS members. 

It then goes on to link to dissenting opinions and a response who stand by the original claim. 

In fact, there were so many issues with Lawrence's article that The Nation had an independent and technical review of his findings. It concluded:

> Good-faith efforts to parse the available data to provide insight into the unlawful extraction of documents from the DNC in 2016 are admirable and necessary. All parties, however, must exercise much greater care in separating out statements backed by available digital metadata from thoughtful insights and educated guesses. Walking nontechnical readers down any narrative path that cannot be directly supported by evidence must be avoided. At this point, given the limited available data, certainty about only a very small number of things can be achieved.

The Washington Post's Erik Wemple goes into greater detail regarding Lawrence's article, and the subsequent editor's note that had to be placed before it. [Link.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2017/09/01/the-nation-issues-editors-note-on-story-questioning-whether-the-dnc-was-hacked/?utm_term=.189e6e4238e9)

The fact is, we don't know enough about this event to say whether or not it was a leak. We are relying on Crowdstrike's analysis ( which may have their own conflicts), the FBI, CIA, NSA, et al for the answers. 

Like other Americans, I want the truth as well. However, given what we know, including the developments that took place this week in Mueller's investigation, I'm *inclined* to believe it was not a leak. Providing this article as proof it was a leak sort of shows you're looking for stuff to confirm what you already believe. I think that is the difference between normal folks and ardent Trump defenders.
Did you not read the editor's note in the very article you sent me?
Proof of your claims? Or even a serious consideration from a major news outlet?
Just finished this last night. So many weird scripted elements. I still enjoyed it overall, but I'm glad this weird experiment is over and we're going back to Japan.

This is not the first time Getz has had face problems. Too bad he hates visors. Get well soon Cap!
Feels regressive. Wish it was tenable to reform prop 13 or the state pension system, as others have mentioned here. Oh well.
I actually liked that he was quiet, it added more gravitas to his opinions.

edit: Also really fun to see him rip on Taishi. 
It does for me, and I suspect it does for others as well. I'm not sure I would see so much hate for Wez and Cheri (although they weren't the greatest members) if some members on the panel didn't criticize them so harshly. Then again, I felt like the panel also made fun of Taishi a lot, which got me thinking that I really dislike his style and love philosophy, but everyone here seems to love Taishi so...
Not a huge fan of Cheri, but she does get shamed a lot on this sub. I also agree with you regarding Taishi. I know it's an old comment, but I wanted you to know others agree with you. 
Most people don't care about the party. If they were involved in criminal activity, I'd love to see jail time for them too. That's the difference between normal folk and ardent Trump defenders.
Do you honestly not see a difference between the comments here and those on t_d?
Sadly, the sticky in the sub is a picture of Mueller in jail.
Well, they are also going hard on Tony Podesta stepping down from his company. Could be bad news for both aisles.
For the record I'm all down for taking out anyone in DC that's had criminal activity, and wanted to say the Podesta Group is not a "DNC org". They've lobbied for pretty much every political group in DC. Hell, the CEO of the Podesta Group (who Tony Podesta passed the baton to today) was a seasoned Republican advisor. 
Your reading comprehension is awful.
Not sure why this is so funny to me
Odezsa is the band. 
I've been avoiding palm oil for some time now, and it's not really that hard. I invite other redditors to join me!
Just...don't tell them. They probably wouldn't care anyway. 

On a related note, gf and I did almost the same thing in college. We showed up for a hiring fair for a new restaurant, and we both got the job. I bussed and she was a waitress. We acted like normal people do at work and no one really knew we were dating. This went on for about 5 months, until people started to get a hint. Eventually, our GM found out and just scheduled us on the same shift so we could carpool to work. It was nice. 
Seeing a lot of posts that are kind of shaming, so I just wanted to throw out that it's also possible she just left the company of her own accord. 
Liar in chief right here
Do you Reddit? Do a simple and cursory search for what you're looking for and you'll find it. And then when someone gives you the answer, you tell them, "NAH LOL". Get outta here.
So what? People who graduate in Psych go on to various things and work in various industries. Jeez, the people who make broad assumptions about others based on a TV show are just ridiculous sometimes. 
Sorry, but I really hope it 's not in Australia. Even less of a Japanese speaking population/culture/food than in Hawaii, means it just becomes another reality show where people are out of their element. 
the hell are you on about
Same goes for the Samuelis.
That's hilarious
I'd watch this anime. 100 pushups, 100 situps, 10k run is all Bieksa needs.
You deserve the downvotes to be sure, but you should try playing anyway. There's so much to love about this game, and the weapons breaking is actually a good mechanic that drives you to explore the world to find new shit.
Paragon Coin comes to mind...
this is beautiful

This is fucking stupid and wrong, I hate everything about this 
Haha, I thought it was sort of endearing and naive of him, knowing that she couldn't do that sort of thing on camera. A little cringeworthy, but he took it in stride at least. 
There's an official shortand, three-letter code for each team. Sometimes one of the letter refers to the team name (LAK), sometimes it doesn't (ANA). Don't ask me why. Your list, therefore, is incorrect. SJ > SJS, TB > TBL, NJ > NJD.
Shareblue is objectively bad, I think most people know this 
True and necessary for some wildnerness areas and other states, but not for Joshua Tree. Funny stereotype though
Sure, but people are reading a sentence, not hearing you say it. /s will help prevent the downvotes (I didn't downvote you). Also some other user un-sarcastically suggested that if this happened back in the good ol' days, Scott Stevens would have him lifeless on the ice, so you never know. 
Yeah! More concussions, the better! /s
Is this a serious comment?
This is a pretty good assessment. I liked him on the Ducks at times, but his IQ wasn't great and he was inconsistent. 
You might have more time after your hockey career, but yeah I totes agree with you.
I am so scared this will get shut down I don't even tell that many people about it, but great work nonetheless. I used it all last season and donated as well.
Here from /r/all. Don't play League and didn't know the Rockets we're doing this, but this is really cool. 
Nice man. Always good to see another cc to uc graduate!
FWIW I think motion controls work amazingly well in BOTW. Way faster and accurate than just the sticks alone. 
I low-key like that this show is...low-key.
Fuck that a beautiful rink 
Holy shit JT, way to bring back the conversation to the point of the protests in the first place. What a guy.
The full sentence is "He knew what he signed up for, but when it happens it hurts anyway"

You have to admit it is a little better than people are making it out to be. Lets save our outrage for literally, anything elsehis administration does.
Not even remotely the same thing. I enjoy the posts here, but this issue has been completely taken out of context and politicized. The full quote does sound like he's trying to console the widow.
Yeah, the full quote actually is better, it's a common phrase used when consoling the loved ones of service members. We should save our outrage for another Trump issue (which is almost any other thing his admin does).
If Obama had said that, and people got upset, I think that would be a problem too. I'm surprised too, but when you read the whole thing, it does APPEAR that Trump was trying to sympathize with the widow. Can you not see that the whole sentence is at least, a little better?
Consider it this way, "He knew what he signed up for, and was brave for doing so. This does not make his passing any easier" It's a little better than the half quote everyone is running with
I've been trying to fight the good fight and respond to comments that seem to miss this point...There's plenty of Trump-related things to be outraged about, but this is not one of them. This is just another version of Fox news attacking Obama for wearing a tan suit.
I payed something like 90 bucks a year for hockeystreams back in the day, and would gladly throw that money toward the NHL if they were able to offer a similar deal without blacked out games. Hell, hockeystreams even showed the Olympics, AHL games, and CHL games. What I'm saying is I miss hockeystreams...
Wow, thank you for linking to this. Never thought about how they portrayed Arman until now.
Damn, bunch of long posts here. But yeah, FWIW, I agree with you mostly. Wez was a boring character, but he doesn't deserve all the hate he gets, and I've definitely seen what seems to be some criticism of him with race-related subtones. The shittiest thing he did on the show was not be there to send off Guy and Mila because he was hung over.
Seems wasteful at first, but ya gotta remember that all those shavings can be melted together and made solid again for future use.
Yes I read that, and we shouldn't discount her feelings, but we technically don't know what he said, we can only go off the one sentence quoted in the article. And it's clear Trump is trying to console, which is weird for him, I agree.
I'm not saying you have to parse through the sentence, I'm saying the exact opposite. When you read the full sentence, it's pretty clear he was meaning to console. You can argue there were more effective ways at communicating this, but the intent to me, was clear. The article here is just trying to get clicks by cutting off half of it. Outrage is a zero-sum game, and we should save it for when it's worth being outraged. 
Dude, it's literally in the linked article.
I agree and I'm really trying to fight the good fight, responding to comments to say we need to save our outrage. This was a quote that was chopped off for a headline and taken out of context. This sub needs to be better than this.
Probably cause you didn't finish the quote.
Just wanted to let you know I think Trump is awful and that this article, and the Democratic lawmaker quoted, have taken his statement completely out of context. "He knew what he signed up for, but when it happens it hurts anyway." Trump is actually trying to sympathize with the widow here, and while some might still take offense to what he said, I think Trump opposers, like you and me, and 90% of this subreddit, need to get a hold of our outrage when it's not called for. Fox news attacking Obama for wearing a tan suit was stupid as fuck, and so is this article. Outrage is a zero-sum game, and we need to save it for when it's worth being outraged.
It's implied when you read the full quote. "He knew what he signed up for...but it hurts when it happens anyway". 

For goodness sake, Trump is actually TRYING to sympathize with the widow here. We shouldn't be distracted by the media sensationalizing his statements, similar to how we shouldn't pay attention to Fox news when they decide to rip Obama for wearing a tan suit.
This is undoubtedly being shared as a negative thing, but I think he meant "he knew what he signed up for, and he was brave to do so."

Knock Trump for being an idiot on all other fronts, but let's not mince words.
Singh denounced political violence just like you did in your comment. 
Everytime they go to a new team, just put white tape and decals over it.
So...make a dumb joke, people are gonna get offended. But then there are other people who get so upset at other people getting upset they feel the need to support Donald Trump? These people who abhor "PC culture" are so offended that other people are offended (which will always happen, especially at jokes like this) that they need to make fun of them for it?

I don't doubt that it happens, but it's just a really weird concept to me. 
Bonus at 50% now.
Got the JB0406 with the same fabric, regular tapered fit when I went to Kyoto earlier this year. Awesome denim for the price, and your fit looks great as well. 
Still listening to this album one month later. It is so freaking good. 
This isn't crypto man
Well, surely you can see the spikes that followed. That's what they were referring to.
Nah I know a lot of people who stay apple for the messaging ecosystem. 
I don't understand why reading post history is such a "creepy" thing. I commonly read recent post history to get more context from a user's comment. You're using a public profile to post on a public forum, and reading post history makes me a loser? Get the fuck outta here. 

In any case, I didn't even read through your comment history, I used RES to tag all t_d posters.
Would love it if he did, but I don't think that he will. Too crowded and the standard is too high. By that token though, will ANY Habs players get their jersey retired anymore? 
It's the weirdest fucking thing that this somehow became popular belief.
For sure, and I'm glad we can have differing opinions on the standing/kneeling matter...however, I don't think systemic racism is a liberal or media conspiracy. I know it may seem farfetched, that you haven't seen it or experienced it, and that it may be tough to admit that such issues still exist in this country, but I implore you to talk to minorities, do some research, and look at studies that have been accepted by people of all political stripes. To say that black Americans are equal in all aspects of society is to dismiss them as individuals. 


If you love America, and it seems like you do, the best thing you could do is that admit it's not a perfect country and that there are still lots of things to be worked out. That's step 1.
Sorry to disappoint, but if I were a pro athlete, I would kneel to support fellow black Americans. I'm not insecure about my patriotism to feel the need to stand, and more importantly, castigate others for not standing. 
I actually stand because everyone else is standing and I don't want to be "that one guy".
> I'm not a huge Trump guy

*posts regularly in t_d*
That's some wishful thinking, and I'm right there with you, but it is probably overly optimistic. 
Haha I'm imagining him sneak it into their contracts or something...
And that's why we need backup save files
I had third pick in fantasy and picked Matthews over Kane. Have been unsure of my choice ever since. This game made me feel a little better about my choice. Not completely, but definitely better. 
To be fair, share blue is pretty shit. And Mike pence is shit too.    
This is a silly question, but I just got this game for the Switch and haven't played yet, though my girlfriend has started her farm. How does one "play" SDV with someone else?

Also, the gf and I share a Switch, and have our own pages. Do I have to select her as a user when I open the game, and then make my own farm? 
This is a silly question, but I just got this game for the Switch and haven't played yet, though my girlfriend has started her farm. How does one "play" SDV with someone else?

Also, the gf and I share a Switch, and have our own pages. Do I have to select her as a user when I open the game, and then make my own farm? 
Yes, the comment you're replying to leaves out the entire point of the article. Veselnitskya/Goldstone released an email related to the meeting that didn't mention bringing dirt to the table, and so the article states that this was done to corroborate their story that it was in fact, all about adoptions and the Magnitsky Act. Obviously this does not "clear" DTJ, and we'll have to see where it goes. 
risky click of that day, but that's our boy
No shit dude, the article is about the Russian ads that had messaging that would be beneficial to the Trump campaign, not your run-of-the mill ad.
Canadian Trump supporter, nice. 
The guy thinks it's wall st bets here 
Silly question, what camera did you use?
Also my situation, let me know if you get any answers. I'll ask around as well.
What a weird view of the world. We all depend on people who have those service jobs, and many of us (myself included) have had those jobs before we moved on to something else. Feeling embarrassed about it is just something that hasn't crossed my mind, and I'm glad mot others here feel that way too.
Nah, i'm just gently ribbing you. Don't take it to seriously.
I mean if you enjoy shitposting in t_d that much, then yeah, probably.
Wow didn't even notice the item drop/pick-up delay, but I did wonder while I was playing how it always just worked that I picked up what I wanted without much effort. Kudos to the devs indeed. 
This is pretty good 
Damn /u/woodensteel, you're a shameless prick
So, this is clearly aimed at bringing in new customers, which is fine. They've already got my business as an existing customer, I don't feel entitled to free money because they have a promo for new users. 

I am, however, willing to jump through some hoops to participate in this promo, but I am not sure I qualify. I'm currently on a family plan that's only Simple Choice, not Simple Choice Unlimited. Can I still add a line a take advantage of this?

Any help is appreciated.
Ugh this headline. Mexico is just trying to offer aid and Newsweek puts dumb clickbait headlines like this on their site. Anyway, good on you Mexico. 
I didn't catch this...do you have a timestamp?

edit, source: https://imgur.com/a/Ptdmz

"Hahah DAE all brown people are related???"
To be honest, I don't see much use for the squeeze frame to call Assistant if you are already using always-on "Okay Google"? Unless I'm missing something here?
It was on purpose. She even sarcastically mentioned it. Whether or not they are trolling us remains to be seen.
PIXEL ULTRA?!
Yeah, I don't know what that user was talking about...I didn't have time to find it so I guess my comment will go unsubstantiated, but studies show that being rich does not mean you've "worked harder". What is true is that becoming rich means there's a good chance you've had help, were born rich, have had access to money somehow, etc. This is not even getting into the underlying causes of racial wealth inequalities. While the rate of rich people coming from rich families has fallen because of access to technology, there are still many other factors besides hard work, and to suggest otherwise is being overly simplistic. 
[To add on, this was previously reported a few weeks ago by WaPo.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/manafort-offered-to-give-russian-billionaire-private-briefings-on-2016-campaign/2017/09/20/399bba1a-9d48-11e7-8ea1-ed975285475e_story.html?utm_term=.ec040192fbfc)
For everyone who pumps at ARCO:
https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/3mnll3/caught_the_gas_station_trying_to_rip_me_off_cash/

and:
http://www.mercurynews.com/2008/05/29/arco-debit-card-scams-in-san-jose-los-altos-linked-to-statewide-ring/

also, this happened a few years ago in Oregon: http://www.oregonlive.com/business/index.ssf/2015/07/arco_debit_card_lawsuit_update.html

Disclaimer: I still pump at Arco sometimes, but generally try to avoid it for these reasons. When the final price is nearly the same, I'd rather get credit card points. I can almost always find another gas station that takes credit for about the same price anyway.
I couldn't even begin to describe this guy to the police, if questioned

You also don't have chat colours and nicknames. 
I only heard about messenger lite reccently; although I did see a both of third party apps with the same name in the app store. I didn't know Facebook had a lite version of their own app, but since I installed it, it's been great for my battery life. Of course, I also use tinfoil. Not sure why Facebook can't put out optimized versions of their apps.
Sad that Drever wasn't given the award, but at least Barish got to share the glory. This was a momentous discovery, and really pushes the boundaries of physics for years to come!
Was listening to some SCOTUS analysis on NPR and they mentioned that Justice Roberts is now seen as a "moderate" on that panel of judges. Think about how fucked that is. Justice Kennedy is seen as holding out as long as he can, so hopefully he'll be on the right side of history when the next wave of decisions are made.
History also tells us political instability comes from mass inequality, such as the gap that exists today in the US. Communism isn't the answer, but unfettered capitalism isn't either. 
It happened with the nexus 6p and pixel 1 too. I got used to the 6p, so this already looks much better to me.
Thanks for making this; it didn't really look that bad to me so and this sort of confirms it (for me at least, some people might still think it's too big).
Been happening long before and after that operation, but yes.
Depending on how you purchased it, some credit cards offer price matching within X number of days. 
I was really hoping they would just stop operating, close shop, which might get people thinking about the whole system and why it's so fucked, but it appears they will still continue to exist as a company. Is there anything else we can do to get them to stop?
It seems my turnaround time was quite fast compared to others. Here's the whole timeline:

* Purchased 32gb black 6p in December 2015
* RMA May 2016 for case bending
* RMA July 2017 for battery/early shutdown (out of warranty)
* RMA Sept 22 for battery/early shutdown (covered under previous RMA warranty)
* Black Pixel XL 32 gb arrives Sept 26 

Initially, I wasn't going to try for a Pixel if my second replacement had no problems, but it did, and I'm happy my case was resolved so quickly (with very little effort, just an online chat). The weird thing is, my request was approved and I got my phone in basically 4 days, while others who were approved before me are still waiting. Seems like maybe it was due to the fact that I was covered under my second RMA warranty from earlier this year. 

All in all, really great of Google to do this for so many people, even if shipping took a while for some. With that said, I'll probably trade it in for a Pixel 2.
Please be Pruitt, this fuck is ruining our environment 
Dude this is seriously an amazing story and I hope it's not internet bullshit lol
This looks as bad as Way of the Hado...
Looks like some good sight lines and seating. Looks like they were able to have a good amount of boxes without sacrificing views by adding 30 ft. vertically (thinking of Staples Center here), but extending their lower bowl horizontally.
This is pretty indefensible. 
Fuck, this makes me sick. My bosses nephew was killed in Pomona in this exact manner. He was an 8 year old kid, adopted from Taiwan, and loving life, and was shot by someone driving by and shooting into houses randomly. Glad this guy decided to show his face on camera, I hope he gets a heavy sentence. 
Totally agree with this interpretation and I (a man) was totally feeling this way in the last third of the film. Before and after Christianity, women have been screwed as men have inherited the earth; this movie makes the same critiques within the framework of major biblical events.