This speaks to me.
Mystery heroes is so good. The game is very diverse, so you get to enjoy all the play styles. It'll also make you _much_ better at flexing when necessary, and of course understanding your enemies. When you memorize hanzo's cooldowns, for instance, it will make it easier to fight against him later.
I have a lot more fun in QP TBH because the "sr"/mmr is invisible. I'd play comp way more if the SR was just one linear scale instead of having tiers and rewards.
Also try not to connect your emotions to the outcome. If you look at each game as a fun opportunity, victories feel great and losses are just a learning opportunity. You'll play a lot better as well.

If you're not having fun even while losing, then you're not having fun ~50% of the time you're playing.
I don't think it's even possible to be a good TA working only 20hrs a week. Maybe if there were considerably smaller class sizes, though that would obviously require many more TAs.
I wonder why that other Uni is paying below the minimum.
As someone with experience working 9-5 as a legal assistant and then later "part-time" as a student leader, I can assure you that it's significantly more work at UW. Being a TA isn't like working part time at a convenience store, or even an office for that matter. It takes a load of involvement, thought, and effort. It's more than just a job, it's projecting your care on to others.

I consider myself very fortunate not have to worry about living expenses right now because it has gotten absurd lately. I can only imagine the stress that would come from working multiple jobs on top of being a full time student. Have you ever tried that? It fucking sucks. That's just making ends meet. Now add the effort required to go out of your way to be a good TA in your off-time, responding to dozens of emails a day and scheduling meetings with students who need extra help. To compare being a TA to a 20hr part time job is frankly a joke.
Wow it's been over a year since Orisa...
I love everything about this gif.
That's just God of War.
I have Dark Souls powers in Overwatch. So basically just Brigitte.
Any Junk can spam and get lucky kills, but it takes quite a bit of skill to land grenades in close encounters. You have to predict enemy movement on top of projectile travel time and arc. Even getting a feel for the angle you need to use to get grenades to a particular spot takes a bit of practice.
That would be damn near impossible without implementing the entire non-euclidian geometry system Portal has in place. It's really easy to send data one way through the portal, that's why you could easily just shoot into it and have it continue the "correct" momentum out. It's much more difficult to get data back in the other way, like target tracking data.
> dummest
It's a reflection of the interests of the people here. If enough people get tired of highlights, they'll upvote them less until other content floats to the top more often.
Wow that place is toxic.
That's a fair point and a valid concern. Though, there haven't been any studies linking fictional content to actual crimes. (Coincidentally, I took a sexuality course recently that addressed this exact topic, and the agreed conclusion is that more studies are  necessary. There are so few studies because most scientists don't want to be associated with pedophilia.) It's a very understandable concern, but it seems very similar to the argument that violent video games encourage otherwise violent people to act out, despite there being no concrete case for it besides what sounds logical. For all we know, it could be an outlet to relieve their stresses instead of acting on them in real life. The fact is, we don't have enough data to come to a solid conclusion, and we won't have enough data until we recognize pedophiles as people that need help.

If it turns out that it actually makes it worse, then I'd be on-board for a total ban. But until then, I don't want to make assumptions.

To me, the popularity of lolicon and similar fetishes is evidence of a trend of people seeing other people as objects. I don't particularly like that aspect of humanity, but it's not my moral right to thought police others.
You're not really making an argument if you're just saying "I'm right because the answer is obvious". Can you *logically* explain why fictional pedophilia is a bad thing? I'm not convinced you can.
Oh HotD definitely does it too, just not as much IMO. If you're looking purely at content, then yes, it has a lot more sexual content than your average piece of media. But to say "lewd" implies a certain intent. In context, it seems less about titillating the viewer and more about making a point.

For example, there could be a painting depicting explicit sex, but I wouldn't necessarily call it very "lewd" if the intent isn't to arouse the viewer. I guess it's too subjective to put in concrete terms.
I'm helping!
You're saying it's wrong but aren't giving any reasons besides "it's disgusting" or "it's illegal in some areas". For what it's worth, I find the idea of child abuse disgusting as well. But for things that aren't real, like anime characters, it makes no difference so there is no basis to say it's wrong.

Let's take the Grand Theft Auto games for instance. It depicts horrific violence and civilian murder left and right. Does that make it morally wrong to play/defend that series? I had fun playing it, does that make me a sociopath?
#Spoilers below:

Right before Satsuki's mother tells her the truth about COVERS, they have a bath and she fingers her daughter. Later in the story, she keeps Satsuki prisoner, nude and chained up so she can be toyed with. It starkly conflicts with the proud/dignified image of Satsuki we usually see, and reflects Ragyou's view of humanity: to her, humans are only tools/toys to suit her own ends.
There is absolutely nothing illegal about underage nudity whatsoever. Nudity =/= sexuality. On top of that, Kill la Kill has no "explicit" content in it. Also, you seem to be basing your idea of right/wrong on what is legal. Homosexuality is still illegal in many regions, and lots of people find it gross and creepy. Does that make it wrong?
Something being gross and creepy in your opinion does not make it wrong.
For one thing, pedophilia is regarding preadolescents, which teenagers are not. And let me ask you this: what exactly is wrong with it? These are all fictional characters, none of it is real. If it were an actual 17 year old, you would have a fair point.
In senior year, during which most people are already 18.
I don't know if a single person watching this thought of Ryuko as underage, even if it may be _technically_ true.
Same goes for Satsuki.
The Shawshank Redemption was great, but in retrospect the plot sucked. It went from "how can we make ourselves better and deal with this corrupt prison system" to "I'm bored I wanna go outside".
I like both but like KlK better, mainly because of the more diverse cast. They have a ton of similarities, especially in the central theme of human tenacity.
Pretty sure the point of that scene besides being uncomfortable was to show how the mom thinks of her more as an object than a person.
nudistu beechu
That's not really it. Compare it to highschool of the dead for instance. Between the two, HotD is way more lewd despite having way less nudity. In KlK it almost seems to be making fun of itself, which is why it doesn't come across as fanservice. I like fanservice as much as the next guy, but I did not feel the least bit "serviced" watching KlK. Plus, the entire theme of the show revolves around human tenacity and core values, which is symbolized by the way they cast off the clothing that society instilled on them.
That means it's not rape
I feel like it would hurt the effect of the ending if they tried to continue past that. I think a side-story would be much more interesting, especially considering how fleshed-out the world is.
She's also portrayed picking people off one by one in the comics. She's very clearly established to be a badass who knows how kill quickly.
Notice OP's username.
Amazing! Can we donate?
It's slavery. The point of keeping prisoners is to protect society. That's necessary for the sake of others. Making them do work helps society, but it encroaches their human rights. It is not necessary.
hey
Since when is art supposed to have a practical use?
Is that what it was like before internet?
Ben Swolo
Ah, I forgot about that one. I think it's BS they don't allow that for free, every other app lets you.
Yo that's awesome
Canadians are basically next door neighbors, with nearly identical language and culture. To compare them with South Koreans isn't very accurate. If these SK players spent a considerable amount of time in the west and/or spoke any western language, then that would be one thing. But this is essentially a full-on Korean team branded as a western one.

Also NYXL players all came to the US for the OWL specifically. That would be like me (a US person) competing in the Olympics in Japan on a Japanese team for a year, and then saying I live in Japan. Technically true but not practically.
The YTR originals are pretty unpopular. IMO Mind Field is the only one worth watching and even that is just Vsauce through a fake reality TV lens. The only worthwhile features of YTR are video downloading and no ads (both of which you can do already, just less conveniently) and the fact that it's bundled with GPM.

My point is you're not missing much. I only like GPM because of its algorithm and the convenience of uploading my own songs to sync elsewhere.
Same situation here. I'm not from Seattle but near it so I consider it home in some contexts.
I mean it's like when you reach for an object. Your aim is pretty much prefect and instant because you've been doing it for thousands of hours.
Gig Harbor actually. At least that's what the OWL said.
Same here, though I'm not sure if I'd switch or just have Seattle as a second favorite. Everyone on the outlaws is so nice, ironically.
Seattle Storm, Seattle Orcas, Seattle Bill and Melinda Gates Overwatch Team
At first I thought it was kind of a neat idea, even if it's only worth like $4. I was way wrong; you couldn't pay me to wear that shit.
Georgians are still trying to figure that one out. (They can be pretty nationalistic in that regard.)
It's cheating if you're trying to come up with the longest valid string of repeating words. I still like the "had had" sentence for what it is.
I don't typically agree with disliking people for their interests, but it's important to respect other people's opinions. As long as they're not harming anyone else.
I can't fucking wait to see this in the league
Tracer is hard to hit in general, let alone a headshot.
Of course, I didn't mean to imply I thought your approach was poor.
Wow, your bullets are _really_ fast!
Gotta get those sick genji flicks
Peeling danger off of someone, AKA protecting them in some way. For example, using defense matrix or stunning a diving winston. Getting someone some healing right when they need it. Body blocking a low-health teammate.
There's something about an excellent D.Va that really shines. They're a lot like supports. Invisible unless they do exceptionally well or poorly.
In the wise words of Semmler, this is insane.
Personally I can't see how having a gun would decrease my odds of getting hurt. I could fight back but at that point I'm probably already getting hurt.
Well how about that, thanks
Competitive Lucio is an engaging support. QP lucio is a dynamic DPS.
With all these alerts I'm starting to get nervous about going to/from club alone at night.
The quotation marks are cheating. I could have put one hundred "had"s and it would still be technically correct.
I want a refund.
That's ok, I'll just switch to the other global shopping/shipping corporation who can offer more competitive prices. /s
/r/patientgamers
Exclusives are a unanimously poor reason to consider a platform inherently better. The only thing causing exclusivity is producers and to some extent developers.
Bloodborne is the only game good enough for that to be an exception for me. To this day it's the only game I've ever played on PS4. Though I only spent $300 total so it was less of a gigantic expense.
No dig up stupid
It's also okay to dislike things, and even dislike people for liking things. It's not okay to harass them about it.
But I gain cargo pants so it balances out.
Thanks again for all the hard work. I can never watch live so without these it would be damn near impossible to avoid spoilers.
Moved back to the US.
They basically are gambling, at least a little. A load of money is wasted on duplicates of 2¢ paper cards so you can get that one shiny rare one. Kids love that shit. Just sell the better card at a higher price.
I've made maybe a dollar off of all the CS:GO chests I've sold at 1¢ each, not counting the new limited time ones.
`if (true /* figure it out later */) { }`
While it's a great idea for _everyone_ to get vaccinated for HPV, it's far less common with males. This is because males can't get cervical cancer, one of the biggest threats of HPV.
/* working with */

/** multiple langauges at once */

<!-- can be pretty annoying -->
Remember how many people swore the slider was like night and day? This is a little perspective.
I do it just fine with a 980 Ti on med/high settings, for everything but the latest games.
60hz is fine for desktop use IMO, in fact many kinds of games are fine at 60. I'd never go back from 144hz for any first-person game though.
WHAT? My mother was a saint! Get out!
Communism and capitalism are like a sliding scale. IMO we could benefit from a little more communism without going overboard. For example, no one should be too poor to get hospital care. We can still live in a mostly capitalistic society while employing the communistic idea of universal free health care.
That's terrifying. The idea that he can so causally suggest genocide should be telling.
We'd all die anyway. I'd personally rather have a global Russian empire than the near-end of humanity itself.
Especially their children, who never even got a chance to make a fair decision.
I think you mean NVME, and no. Only if you're getting a new one anyway and high speed matters.
Imagine going six months without brushing your teeth. That's roughly equivalent to not flossing, expect you don't notice right away. You sure as fuck notice later in life though.
Oh shit. What if it ends up having problems and you can't go back to the old one?
I look at it as an opportunity to have a slightly slower morning. Ten more minutes to have a hot drink and surf the web.
For real though you can just mash dodge and you're invincible.
I usually make a point of making room for them, is it just me?
It could just be a lack of experience but I don't understand that pain. Would the same pain apply to an adopted child?
It's sterile in the sense that you can't get STIs from it but other than that no.
I'd have bought photoshop long ago if they kept the one-time-purchase model. For now I'm keeping my shitty editing skills with gimp.
cursed_desktop
There are a lot of helpful and constructive ways to reduce child rape, and harsher sentences is not one of them. They're unpopular because they're expensive and require effort. Examples:

- Make a point of educating your children about human sexuality (psychology, anatomy, etc.), adult relationships, and how to tell when you're being manipulated. Make it clear that they can _always_ tell you the truth, even if it's bad. And don't punish them if they end up taking this advice, or they'll never do it again. The best way we can protect children is to arm them with knowledge they can use to protect themselves.
- As a society, stop treating pedophiles as would-be child molesters. If someone has a paraphilic disorder/mental illness, let them get help for it without being preemptively punished. The vast majority of pedophiles would never harm a child, but they're forced to keep it down and sometimes that repression lashes out in the form of something terrible.
- Recognize that child molestation is not always caused by pedophilia. It's somewhat common for people to rape/molest children for purely sadistic reasons, or to torture the parents. This reflects an entirely different angle of human behavior that people rarely seem to talk about.
He-said-she-said seems pretty reliable, if you ask history.
I think they are much more likely to murder a child if they're risking execution, compared to just prison.
/show
Please no
Yeah, it's definitely weird. And we don't have to like it, we can dislike it and that's completely fair. Doesn't make it right to make fun of people for things that don't matter.
Until recently, a law firm I know sent out court documents with the footers in comic sans.
The people who shouldn't be kinkshamed, actually. Fictional things don't need defending.
It's wrong to have sex with animals because they're not intelligent enough to consent. Fictional ponies are supposed to have human-level intelligence so you do you. Also it's not real so there's that.
It's good, get it. Not super scary, but excellent atmosphere. Love the philosophy.
I use the right hand for both. Cut with knife in right, switch when it's time to eat.
I don't understand the complaint about changes allowing lower skilled players to catch up. It seems like people who want skins to stay timed/expensive so that they can have it while others don't. I play a ton of Lucio, I love wallriding, rollouts, etc. Why should it bother me for lower skilled players to be able to do it too?
Why does everyone on this sub think blizzard does literally one thing at a time?
I love the formatting
It kinda bothered me when one person they spent part of their unemployment on stream donations. That's not what it's for.
I don't see the appeal of heroes with a skill cap, if you can still play them just as well and your skill massively improves your performance anyway.
S2716DG. Though, if your budget goes all the way up to $600, you could probably afford an IPS with comparable input lag.
Seconded. It's amazing.
It's going to make his burst damage much more consistent. Burst shot, melee, boop. (130-210 dmg if all shots land.) Often I wouldn't have any ammo for the finishing boop though.
The number of times I've tried to boop and not had any ammo...
When I got a new nice mouse I had one of the most amazing games as Widow in my life. I have no idea if it was because of the change or because I was in a good mood.
240hz for pure competition, 1440p if you spend time on the desktop often, watch high res media, and want a sharper look. I'd usually suggest 1440p to people but if you're looking at tournaments then go for 240hz.
I went from 1080p 144hz 24" TN to 1440p 144hz 27" TN for about the same price and was very happy with it. Since the change in your case would be even greater, you'd probably be a lot happier. Of course, it depends on your use case.
Part of me wants a new GPU and has the extra cash to make it happen, but the principled part of me says fuck that noise.
You have NO idea
If you can't understand code at one level how do you expect to do well at the higher level?
Jeeves, I dare say I feel quite prepared to fuck some shit up.
What's the problem with spaces?
I feel the same except for Volskaya. All the 2cp maps can feel pretty frustrating (one sided because of huge snowball/shutout potential), but they usually have enough interesting design/layout/setting to make up for it. Volskaya on the other hand feels like a straight line with a couple alternate paths that barely accomplish anything.
_puts on sunglasses in the background_
Is it still Darwinism if you kill someone else instead?
good bot
You might be surprised to hear that there are males and females of both species.
And the precursors...
A classic example of what I mean is that earlier today I set a variable using a function that returned an array of elements when I thought it would return a single element, and I couldn't figure out what was wrong. If I did it in Java, for instance, it would have complained about the mismatch.
Because you don't notice as much when they're on your team.
Thanks for the tips, I'll look into those.
How is ma'am an old expression? It would be respectful to say that to a child or teen or anyone.
I walk right behind them and breathe down their neck because fuck gender stereotypes /s
Just started learning it recently. Gotta say I'm not a huge fan so far. Much prefer the stricter syntaxes which save me from my own mistakes. (And I'm using "use strict";)
I'm not sure, I might be confusing him with someone else. In any case, Mickie is no doubt the better D.Va.
Witcher 3 has some of the best "cutscenes" I've ever seen, except for the fact that there aren't enough generic NPC models. It gets pretty weird when you talk to 5 different identical-looking people in a couple hours. Especially Michael Cera.
You have to get somewhere to fall.
For real though why was Mickie playing hog while Seagull played D.Va? I thought they were renowned for literally the opposite.
Some would call it negligent homicide.
People on this site are so fond of "modern Darwinism" but they forget that people impact others. Whenever someone does something moronic and suicidal, there's a fair chance they're affecting those around them as well. For example, anti-vaxxers. Why not just let them wipe themselves out of the gene pool? Because they're denying their kids vaccines too, which is obviously intolerable.
That would pretty much be curtains for clockwork and jake would be a niche pick.
Sports themselves are just games. Mickie's attitude is great because he doesn't value himself or others based on performance. He literally performs better because he seems to be having fun.
TBF it doesn't work on images.
As the owner of a 60hz Aero 15: shit.
That's your opinion and I respect it. That doesn't change any definitions in the dictionary though.
What gives you the impression I'm offended? I was suggesting a way to be nicer in the future. Plus, I could punch a baby and say "it's the baby's fault for being so weak."
I understand the origin and traditional meaning perfectly. I just don't see why, in this day and age, you would tell someone to act more along male stereotypes. Are stereotypes good for anything?
TIL hockey is an esport.
"I've got nothing to add, I'm just stopping by to point out that I already knew this. Alternatively, many people knew this so I'm stopping by to call you ignorant. That is all."
Blizzard seems really serious about keeping details consistent between multiple clients. For example, they'd never allow client-side cosmetic modding.
Maybe they consider the authentic version better.
Tons of sports don't involve jumping.
I feel like jumping is a lot less important in more recent years. Platformers are perfect for the type of hardware they ran on and they were very simple for new gamers. Now people want a lot more meaningful engagement and jumping isn't essential to that.
Man is a gender term, male is an anatomical term. There is no debate about this.
Nothing says echo chamber like calling people insane for disagreeing.
Sex: DNA, chromosomes, anatomy. Male/female/intersex (no exceptions).

Gender: Identity, expression, social, etc. Man/woman/other (an infinite scale with no real definitions).

From a medical standpoint, only sex matters. From a social standpoint, only gender matters. Though, many disagree.
I don't see why we should keep using a saying that doesn't make sense at its core. Why not just say "be an adult"? That perfectly conveys our meaning.
I often wonder if gender should exist. That is, if having categories of gender is really helping society. Plus, genders are entirely defined by stereotypes. If you identify as a man, that might imply you like football and beer, but obviously those aren't required. So how do you define it then? If we abandon stereotypes then gender ceases to exist.
When people use the phrase "being a man" I just mentally autocorrect it to "being an adult" since that's usually what they mean.
You're thinking of being a male.
Welcome to history.

Also how can you say LTT Linus has no skill if he's managed incredible success at business and entertainment? It's not like he's claiming to be a computer scientist or anything.
It's about the implication.
Either way it's kinda shitty logic. You shouldn't consider someone inherently more important because of how they relate to you.
"Hey, just in case you weren't aware there's also a spoiler tag which does what you're trying to accomplish better than NSFW."

^ How to say the same thing without being a condescending asshole.
I feel like Mimics are only really there for first-timers, especially since it loses any effect once you know what to look for. It would be great if they looked identical.
That's what I was trying to say.
So, I tried one of those online kits that make you more rectangular... They don't work.
You're right, 18 year olds are far more wise and reasonable in their decisions. /s
You'll float too.
Say what you want about the steam controller, wheels, flight sticks, etc. The fact that they're even an option is an automatic win IMO.
I'm not saying they made the wrong decision. I'm saying people are way too ambivalent about civilian losses.
If you were going to die for sure, then I agree. But that's not the case. You probably would rather not die at all, right?
If you lived in Hawaii recently it might give you some idea. Imagine that every few weeks/months, and the rest of the world is either ignoring you or cheering.
I'm not making any comment about current events. In my opinion, we have a responsibility to each other as a global society to protect one another's interests as best we can. We cannot come anywhere close to peaceful relations until we abandon the "us vs. them" mentality.
WW3 could be over before you can cash a check.
Of course not, they're just acceptable losses. It's not like their lives matter. /s Swap places. If your country was using chemical weapons on you, would you be fine getting blown up by a different country because you happen to live near a priority target?
Maybe we've experienced different perspectives but I find the younger generations to be far more opposed to armed conflict.
I fucking love this.
I can't speak for others but I wouldn't avoid someone for simply being off-meta, even at a high level. I'd avoid someone for specifically not participating with the team or griefing. Even if Torb is a terrible pick for many situations, you can strategize and coordinate with your team to be effective. That doesn't seem to be the case here.
A significant problem is that the community can't even agree what constitutes "acceptable" behavior. Example: just competitive or all game modes? Should someone be punished for having no clue what makes a good comp? Or, should someone simply be allowed to play whatever they want and let SR handle the rest?

I'm not making a case for any of these questions, I'm just pointing out that the answers for each vary wildly by player.
I feel the same way, which is a shame because Brothers is one of the best games I've ever played.
Is there a way to buy this without giving EA money?
Especially with games since they frontload the budget. That's where most discussion/demos happen. Who cares how shitty the last half is if you tried your friend's game for a few hours and loved it? You already bought it by then.
There are always exceptions (ghost stories, panty and stocking), but even the best-dubbed ones boil down to preference.
Imagine showing up to an accounting office in 1920 not knowing how to write. That's the basic equivalent.
This was the case for airports until the "fast" lane is equal or slower than default.
Fuck you I beat one of my first PS2 games sitting in an RV on a glorified "camping trip" which was literally just a parking lot with more trees.
As long as you're not the type of beer elitist that criticizes people for simply not liking beer/alcohol. Way too much of that IMO.
I took a course on climate change and we deeply examined how the data and peer review are at odds with denial and propaganda, including the most common myths/assumptions. It was so frustrating that that alone makes me never want to go into climatology.
I don't blame parents for not wanting to use a baby sitter, but I definitely blame them for bringing them to the theater. I had a family with two kids ~5-8 near me during Deadpool. Fucking Deadpool.
The fucking squeak as she falls is adorable.
Clannad is a ride. People talk all about how sad it made them, but it's got anger, hope, laughter, all of it. It's like a slice of real life delivered through a fairy tale perspective.
Never heard that one before.
Browsing /r/facepalm was one of the most irritating things I've done in a while.
I know it's an old thread but I'd also like to add that being in an open relationship is not just some slutty or irresponsible decision. I see people make a lot of condescending accusations about it without having the full picture.
Yeah now there's nothing wrong with it...
Once I blew my nose and water squirted out of my eye. Freaked me out.
Yeah those aren't super important to play at high fps. First-person games are probably the biggest one.
Framerate doesn't sell units the same way resolution and visual effects do. To tell the truth, the casual couch gamer might have their priorities straight if they want something pretty rather than something smooth. Especially controlling with joysticks.
> Converting an fps locked codebase to delta time is not.

And this, ladies and gentlemen, is why Fallout 4 is miserable to control. I don't care if it takes more time, I'll even pay more to make up for it. But start Fallout 5 from scratch, please.
We rag on it a lot, but the PS4 is still objectively a great piece of hardware. For $250, PC can't come close to that value, especially not with today's market.
Bloodborne would be my favorite in the franchise if not for the console limitations. It doesn't even hold 30fps let alone 60, no customizable inputs, god-awful loading times, no choice of controller, no hope for modding, I could go on. I also had a far worse audio experience since my speaker system was hooked up to my PC, though that one isn't the game's fault.

I'm pretty sure the framerate goes single-digit whenever you beat a boss and it rains blood. I have no idea how anyone considered that acceptable. FFS, at least allow a high and low graphical preset like Nioh did on PS4.
What kind of games do you usually play?
I feel like 60fps is ok in many cases with the Switch since they're not usually first-person. Though 30fps is always too low IMO.
Motion blur is terrible IMO. The only time it's better is when you're not in control of the camera.
I agree that it should be free in the hobby space and restricted in official/tournament spaces. For example, all contenders could be allowed to use in-house hardware. Though, they might not get the chance to practice with it beforehand...
I play competitive FPS games often, both at 1440p/144hz and at 1080p/60hz. I feel like resolution isn't a big deal, but framerate is enormous. 60hz basically feels like I'm playing at a handicap. It's absolutely unfair. I also don't think it's fair that better peripherals help. I switched from a G600 to a G900 and the difference was night and day. I couldn't go back. Likewise, I use headphones with a great soundstage and positional audio so I never have trouble pinpointing where a sound came from.

Simply put, money buys competitive advantage. It's unfair, and I don't have a solution. It just feels better to play at higher fps and using good hardware. When I play at 60 it feels sluggish and constricting, and I don't want to go back, especially since many others are using high end gear too.
If not everyone can use a mouse, sure. This is only a problem on consoles, which should simply allow kb/m in my opinion. If it's causing too much of a divide, segregate based on input method.
*Laughs*

...

*Cries*
That depends on your goal. Are you trying to get better, or are you trying to have a fair/fun match? Most people just want to have fun and naturally get better over time.
It's like buying a basketball trophy so you can be proud of it.
Caller #7 receives immortality but callers 6 and 8 receive chronic impotence!

Would you do it?
Varies by situation. For example, they could be forcing the dog into the situation. Alternatively, I could stick my dick in a cat which would be obviously way worse and morally wrong. It's much more practical to ban/allow all of it at once, rather than go case-by-case.
I heard sticking your penis in a fan in california can give you cancer.
Banning sex with animals is about protecting animal rights. This thread is about that. Killing animals is a very clearly relevant topic to animal rights.
Also their life is really shitty compared to your stereotypical milk-cow-in-a-barn.
So why do you care about animals when they're getting raped but not when they're getting killed?
It can't be too hard to have the character models standing in a line similar to the victory screen but on character select instead.
Was it supposed to be accurate? That seems like evaluating the physical accuracy of Iron Man's suit.
Exactly. That's what challenge runs are for.
Disgusting! Where can I find this planet? OwO
KlK is my all time favorite too, but it is definitely not ideal for a first-time watcher.
[What](https://i.imgur.com/YfmDrgo) gave [you](https://i.imgur.com/37zXxKl) that [impression?](https://i.imgur.com/Hb4GQWs)
We can, but it would be unfair. i.e. that would be like me saying your religion is wrong and mine is right. If their culture truly sees it as ok, we have no right to stop them. We just don't have to play with them.
To be fair, the average Japanese citizen suffered quite a bit during that time.
We also can't simply say our perspective is right and theirs is wrong. At the very least there should be an option to region lock, to mitigate the difference.
This seems like refusing to earn any money because you'll waste it.
It looks like that mostly because of her ass. If you follow the line down to her legs it looks a lot better.
So that's why zen only had 18 orbs lately.
Why is it legendary?
Looks correct to me OwO
I didn't mean winrate, I just meant a subjective analysis of her interactions with other heroes. I don't think winrate is a good metric either.
Flair checks out.
I don't think pickrate is a better metric than in-game balance. If Blizzard wants most heroes to have similar pickrates, it's never gonna happen.
Don't worry, D.Va can burst him down and suck up his pellets with her armor OH WAIT.
It's how she engages and now it's useless. Now I understand how hog mains felt after the hook rework.
Are Sombra and Rawkus related?
Porn loot boxes are gonna be the next big thing
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't it _way worse_ to manipulate children directly (going so far as to get them plane tickets to meet them)? That seems to be on a whole other level.
That was bothering the hell out of me, couldn't figure out why it only sometimes reloaded.
Why does every new skin have to be a legendary?
Yeah e621
Oldest listed plague image on you-know-which-site is from seven years ago. On DeviantArt the first questionable image is from 2009, 9 years ago. Who knows how much longer before then.
You fucked up.
I usually wait 6 months to a year after release, I find the prices are (usually) a lot better then. And ofc gives plenty of time for problems with hardware/drivers to be found and fixed if possible. I do the same thing with phones. For example: I would have gotten a Pixel 2 XL but waited and they ended up having screen burn-in issues, so I'm glad I did so.
I'm used to google maps personally, so I'm not certain how often other services do it.
"Oh I'm sure OP was just being punny with the title and nooope"
In an ideal situation it could be cute either way, it depends a lot on the delivery.
Thank god for GPS specifying which lanes to be in, it's saved me so much trouble over the years.
This is definitely super illegal.
Do they have it for DS1? I remember noticing all my saves transferred automatically recently. I had to disable it since one was modded and I didn't want to corrupt the saves, but it's a super helpful feature.

For those looking for a workaround, you can sync the save folder yourself with Google Drive or something similar. I did that for a PS2 emulator and it worked really well.
Yeah, I could have chosen my words better. My style is to buy the super high end every once in a great while, rather than pretty good every couple years. I would much prefer a 1080 Ti competitor from AMD. I wouldn't really mind spending a lot of money on it as long as the performance is there.
I apologize on behalf of all the humans that did shitty things
I'm way more worried about wasps because they're actually aggressive, they can fly, and I might be allergic (never been stung so how do you tell?) Spiders usually leave you alone.
Don't forget Muffet.
That or any other medium. Digital is great because of all the tools available. You can just mess around on your own or copy other people. Though you shouldn't try to learn to draw if it's just because you want to be as good as others. Do it if you enjoy it.
*sonic
Remember when your business was only based on how good your product was, and not how much you could manipulate people? Yeah, neither do I.
I'd have "gone red" years ago if they offered high-performing hardware. For now I'm content just sitting on last gen and waiting for something better to come along.
Don't be a [brand] guy. It's never done you any good and it never will.
This program has no benefits for consumers or sellers, only NVIDIA. They are restricting the way their products are presented, which in itself is very monopolistic. They don't need a contractual reason to stop selling gpus to whoever they want. They can simply look back and favor the ones who have been most friendly with their practices.

What reseller in their right mind would be critical of Nvidia when their business depends on them?
Didn't go so well for the Germans in the revolutionary war.
There's a delicious cake called "bird's milk" that is unfortunately made with regular milk.
Please put a warning before a violent shit like this.
It's like in movies when they have security experts claim their encryption method or database is unreachable. Nobody would ever claim that.
I can't pretend to be an expert or anything, but I was thinking closer regulation. Licenses, frequent inspections, etc.
You could ask for a source without being so rude you know.
Prostitution isn't inherently dangerous. The only reason it happens in sleazy hotel rooms is because they don't want to get caught. The same was the case for buying weed. Now you can just buy it in a store.
That's a joke right? I love it here but I'll pass on the freezing rain 90% of the time.
Playing Minecraft with me usually devolves into "okay leave me alone so I can finish building this shit the way I want to".
I never lost my virginity... because I never lose.
Yeah but the site for the paid dlc is down...
It still is amazing, it never went anywhere.
Come on, how can anyone say that America is better than Canada? Sincerely, a proud American.
Also the advocates of states' rights, except when states try to come to their own conclusions about net neutrality.
The bad part is that they think shutting down prostitution websites will make the human trafficking problem better, when the opposite is true. This won't stop prostitution, it'll just make it less safe.
Just fucking imagine the tax revenue that would come from legalization. Weed/tobacco/alcohol are perfect examples.
Oh look, police are seizing escort sites! Seems like a great time to put my personal info into an escort site. /s
I'm pretty sure they'd have to claim they were underage. On the other hand, if you meet/match with someone who lies about being over 18 but they're actually younger, you're still at fault. I've used Tinder at around 18-19 and got denied a lot because people said I looked underage.
> relatively safe

It wasn't safe enough, IMO. If it's unregulated, that means no recourse for the workers/patrons. Sites like those only worked well because of crowd-sourced reviews. If we really want to "solve" the issues with prostitution in society, it needs to be legalized and _carefully_ regulated. Regardless of your opinion on prostitution, there's no denying that banning it isn't doing much to help with human trafficking.
It kinda stresses me out for some reason.
I don't mind as long as the content is legitimately interesting. When blatant ads start hitting the front page, with nothing really to offer, that's when I have a problem with it. Someone at Arby's got paid for this promotion but it's still a fun thing they did.
Ask the people who wait outside public transport stations and do it for fun.
Between Bloodborne and Majora's Mask I think the moon is worth worrying about.
The wallet isn't minimalistic enough.
How is it?
If this isn't fixed soon I'm never buying premium again! /s
Hey, that's pretty convenient. I'll remember that one.
It's more aesthetic that way.
I spent an extra $30 to get into IPS territory and I'm really glad I did. Maybe if this was $200.
Your *stereotypical* incel/neckbeard isn't trying, they're blaming society for their lack of effort.
Better advice: stop worrying about your/others' looks so much. Regardless of how you look it'll make you happier.
I'd definitely be tempted, but not if it's from charities.
All the non-stealing answers are getting downvoted because people think they're just lying to themselves. Stealing is bad yo, especially from charities
Holy hell it's been a year...
This is exactly what it sounds like.
The lightning timing is the same every time, most of it is just memorization. There's really no answer besides dodge everything correctly and attack once, MAYBE twice. Bleed is good against him if you have the right resin but it doesn't make a huge difference.
Is it rye bread?
> 2b

> Violet Evergarden

I beg your fucking pardon
That's awesome! I don't think it will affect people currently enrolled but it's still great for future CS majors.
*not everythin'*
Especially the sex appeal. They are usually less straightforward about it.
I agree with what you're saying but sex doesn't work that way at all. Better would be having more skill. They also don't get looser with use.
I agree with what you're saying but sex doesn't work that way at all. Better would be having more skill.
How did they detect elf magic then?
It wouldn't be rape (no genital penetration), it would be sexual assault. Though, they might have to establish it was done in a sexual context, I'm not sure about that part.
Sorry for noob question: how is this MLM?
So what's the objective?
I was fooled for about 15 seconds and then pissed off.
Same. There are countless settings that would make for a great addition to the genre, and if they didn't branch out we'd have never gotten the masterpiece that is Bloodborne.
They wouldn't double the amount of applications they get, since there's a very finite number of students at UW already. Everyone here interested in CS has probably given it a shot, regardless of the low rate.
Thanks for the clarification
Don't play pranks on your animals if you would get pissed when someone played the same prank on you.
That's what I was getting at. What I really meant was: is there a difference between == and === in Java, or is === even applicable?
The Lab from Valve. There's an entire mechanic around dog petting.

Dogs pet in cutscenes:

- Jak 2
- Half-Life 2
When I learned Java, the === you explained seems to describe Java's default == behavior. Can anyone confirm this please?
Maybe it's the word "The" causing issues
If it's serious, invisible. Otherwise mute.
I used one to grow flowers once.
I got a year in a humble bundle and just stuck with it, I'm pretty happy with it. Also has an Android app which is Handy about twice a day.
And kept logs.
For once a story with "and everyone laughed" that I actually believe. I just hope this happened before grade 6.
Sounds like they originally planned for just a male character and changed it later on. I once played a game with a similar situation, and kept forgetting that my character was female simply because of the presentation.
This right here is why it's important to represent different demographics in media.
To be honest, I don't know enough about gender-based therapy to have an opinion on it. I know a fair deal more about orientation-based therapy. Quite frankly, I don't see what difference it makes what's happening on the other side of the world, or with gender therapy, or anything else. My point was extremely specific and simple: gay conversion therapy is harmful and should not be conducted.

It was undeniably wrong then, and in my opinion it is still wrong now. Gay conversion therapy, at any stage, is about teaching the individual there is something wrong with them and trying to "cure" them. Given the current evidence, it's pretty hard to deny that sexuality doesn't change through force. It would be much better for society to simply accept that people have different preferences. Hell, even if you think homosexuality is morally wrong, it would _still_ be more effective to just live with it because the alternative is psychological issues that can be crippling.
I actually found a couple configs for Dark Cloud, an old PS2 game through the emulator I was running through steam. Pretty cool.
1. It makes no difference which is worse because they're both bad. "It could be worse" means nothing. We could all have forks for eyes, that would suck. So what?

2. You equate sexual conversion therapy to simply "rubber band snapping" which is just incorrect. Physical and psychological torture is unacceptable. Tell me: if it was really just rubber bands, do you think anyone would give a shit?
They're just like the flies in Blighttown. There are a few dedicated spawn points, and a max number of times each point can spawn one. I don't know how the count translates over attempts, but I know that after a few dozen runs (tops) it should be vacant.
Same. DS2 was sorely missing wide-open areas, so I got really excited when I first arrived there. I also like that there's a body under the coffin so it looks like you ran them over.
And that's totally cool, I know lots of people feel that way. Though, it's still entirely subjective. If we want to treat our children as independent people, we should acknowledge that it is not our right to decide on surgeries that mostly come down to personal preference. Circumcision has some hygeine benefit, but that's completely irrelevant if you shower at least once per day and clean under the foreskin. A few benefits of having a foreskin are that sexual sensitivity in the head is increased (at least for some people), and masturbation is easier.

Imagine if we lived in a society where most people have tattoos and really enjoy them. That wouldn't give me the moral right to give my baby a tattoo, especially if they can just choose to get one later.
That's more of a correlation than a causation. Some religions endorse sex with children, but that is banned anyway. It's not banned as some form of censorship, it's strictly to protect the individuals involved.

Furthermore, a parent does not have a moral right to enforce the religious lifestyle of their children. Minors are independent people.
I'd agree as long as it can be established beyond reasonable doubt that they're shills. Even the most hateful/bigoted people have a right to share their voice, and we can let the voting system do the rest.
1940s Germany logic.
Gets attention better than a plain text post with nothing else.
Good point! I guess gay conversion therapy is a good thing after all, we should just be happy we're not living with ISIS and forget about any other progress. /s
Female genital mutilation usually involves removal of the clitoris and potentially sewing the vaginal introitus shut. I don't agree with parents choosing circumcision for their kids, but I think it's crazy to equate the two things.
I don't really get that logic. You say it's been useful and you appreciate that it was done, but you wouldn't do it independently? The way I see it, you can always choose to get it removed later but you can't put it back.
You seem to be confusing sexuality with gender. They're two completely different things, but you probably have them all wrapped under "LGBT weirdos".
That's definitely not the case, they switched to Steam long ago.
I've played hundreds of hours of FC4 and never even heard of the map editor, so it's off to a pretty good start, personally.
Wasn't my first time but I looked at porn on the original B&W kindle as a kid. Pretty proud of that one.
Don't children see breasts way more often than adults? Breastfeeding for one thing, and way more time shirtless since society only has a problem with adult toplessness for whatever reason.
Stay out of my turf.
I think it was the coke that was the real ammunition. Otherwise he might have told her the truth.
Yeah the entire time I thought they were the same age. Didn't help that they both looked 25.
I think the GPS is a good idea, at least until a certain age. For example, I'd be comfortable with a chip in me that my family/friends could track if I ever go missing. Though I wouldn't want to be oblivious to it. That was one of the most hard to accept things about this. If they banned the product, why not recall the tablets?
I didn't mean performance. I just think it's cool that switch players will get it too. I expect that could significantly increase the size of the fanbase.
Already been playing at 4k 60fps :/ hard to find anything to get excited about besides being on the switch.
1440p is not 2k, and yes.
I've never been so disappointed to see tits. I was expecting another joke.
You don't need a 1070 though, only a 970. Some basic apps/games would even work with less.
Same exact situation here. I wanted a panel for 4k media/games. I still use the Dell mostly but it's nice to have.
I got this exact model, I'm really happy with it. Lack of adjustment and G-sync are my only complaints, but I haven't seen much of a better deal. I have it next to the S2716DG and the colors are a fair bit nicer.
Do yourself a favor and get FC3 instead. It's like five bucks and will run a lot better, and is widely regarded as the best in the franchise. By the time you're done, FC5 will already be on sale if you still want it.
It's entirely subjective. For example, if you weigh story lightly compared to graphics, mechanics, soundtrack, etc., then there's a lot of potential for a good score. It's like with modern movies. We just expect the CGI to be impeccable and never even mention it in reviews, even though it's probably the hardest part.
I liked how they paired the story with the game elements. It felt like it naturally escalated. In 3, the gameplay elements enhanced the experience you were having along with the story. In 4, it felt like they just had a whiteboard of gameplay elements and asked for story events that could match it.
I've played FC3 probably around ten times now and I always enjoyed the towers, especially the ambient noise and distant targets to shoot at. It became a challenge to see how quickly you could ascent it, and in some cases if you could glide straight to the top. (In FC4, the big towers didn't really do much, especially when you can helicopter literally wherever the fuck you want.)
They also probably looked at lots of community feedback, especially all the people explaining why they liked 3 over 4. I haven't played 5 yet, but it seems like they're really trying to improve those areas.
It just means "not safe for life", it applies to anything you wouldn't want to consume regardless of where you are. I don't see how it makes such a big difference if it's visual. For example, audio recordings can absolutely be NSFL, and by extension other formats. I agree that this instance isn't graphic, but it's not much different from seeing a truck explode. You don't have to see the actual details to know exactly what is happening, no extra thought required.

The reasoning behind the tag is to help people avoid disturbing media, which the linked video definitely could be.
I heard plenty of fucked up things in history class, and they bothered me a lot more than any internet video. Locked fire escapes is an excellent example; I hate to even think about it. It makes sense for some non-graphic things to be NSFL.
NSFL isn't just the physical content, it's the context. I'm sure there are plenty of novels containing things people would consider NSFL, depending on their preferences, even though it would just be words. I say we take the same stance as NSFW: if there's even a small amount of people (<5%) who would consider it NSFL, then just mark it.
What I'm wondering is why they're blocking sharing porn. Is it a moral thing?
That's a great one to browse in public.
If your dog runs away and comes back, don't punish them. They don't come back next time because they don't want to be punished.
Boosting doesn't even make sense to me. Why pay someone to boost an account up to such a level that the first time you log on you're going to get your ass handed to you?
And it's all [color] in the kill feed!
[Reminds me of an experience I had a while back.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/7otzq9/ive_seen_some_shit/)
Though it's not the case in a lot of industries, becoming a lawyer is really where luck won't help. It's a shitload of work and you have to be really skilled to grow. A family member of mine is an attorney and I can confidently say that I want no part of that business.
Real talk: nothing is more attractive than self confidence.
Though exchanges like that have probably happened from time to time. Kinda like how people get insulted in English when people assume they're unilingual.
Ah, the classic "she was asking for it" defense. I'll remember that the next time I'm at the park.
It was cool but not a great trade.
Oh yeah? I lost £50 gambling the other day
I was expecting you to boop him off into space.
Of course you're allowed to express your own opinion. I see things on the front page I don't like all the time, including this sub. That doesn't mean I have to stop by in the comments and make a point of criticizing people who did like it.

And by "answer", I meant that is why it hit the front page.
Then where is the confusion? It was enough for me, and the same goes for the roughly 5,000 people who upvoted it. That's the answer.
That's the thing about opinions...
Art doesn't require a lot of time or effort to be good. I just scrolled down, saw this cute little drawing, and smiled. Is that not enough?
With all these alternatives available, what reason is there to buy from HTC anymore? Personally, I just need SteamVR compatibility.
Isn't that saying the same thing?
That and the terraformer from Jak 3.
Please tell me this is satire. I've never seen someone so blind to their own hatefulness.
That one really annoys me. You know how much more flexible HTML files are? Just let me at the shit.
I like smaller so I can wrap my fingers around it somewhat, feels like I have more control. Compared to something like the G502, which I feel like I'm just sliding around without using my fingers for accuracy.
Like 99% of shows, it's more about the ride than the destination. Also, like most romance-themed shows, it's split based on who shipped who. Basically it's a lighthearted slice of life comedy that gets more serious later. It is one of the better takes on otaku culture I've seen, and it feels like most episodes have a wholesome moral/lesson.
Even more so when no one thinks about it as a reader.
I don't know what I expected...
Can you hear shit rattling against the fans? Yes? Rekajjiger it a little... Not anymore? Great.
Hypnotoad tanked after season four.
I'd say the size balances out with the extra 21hz. It's just a matter of what you prefer. For example, I enjoy leaning back sometimes so the extra size is nice.
I feel like this is kind of like how the developers intended her to be played. Like a guardian angel.
Though by the time you found a primary source, you don't really need to credit Wikipedia anymore.
Just file me under "what the fuck"
I transferred with credits so I'm already a junior, haven't applied to anything yet... I don't mind taking more than 2 years from now, I just wonder if my current status will affect my admission chances.
>You can apply 3, maybe 4 times

Is there a limit?
A hunter is a hunter, even in a dream...
The best crossover since Kingdom Hearts.
No.
***Edward Elric intensifies***
My guess is photoshop.
Hit me 😻
> owO

What's this?
Most people would prefer to live longer than 76
That'll just get people in a bad mood and it won't be any better.
If you're happy with that, by all means. That's not the case for most people. I just feel like many people are trying to justify loneliness with practicality instead of confronting it. It's much easier to say "I'm happier with how things are now" vs. "I'm not happy now and I want to do something about it".

Anyway, it's mainly a matter of finding people that share interests. Then it's not trading hobbies for socialization, it's improving it.
It's 2018 and we still judging based on species smh
What if you have two kids, or don't have time to sit with them every waking second? Your kid is going to have some independence from time to time, and they're going to do things you wouldn't approve of, including seeing inappropriate things online (intentionally or accidentally). Better algorithms/curation can reduce this. I don't see how anyone can say we'd be better off if no one curated anything and let parents sort Teletubbies from Game of Thrones every waking moment.
To be fair in the case of Netflix, it's a lot easier to curate every individual listing than on YT where anyone can upload anything. In any case, YT still needs to step it up.
"Let parents do their job" is an incredibly easy thing to say. Guess what: most parents have never heard of elsagate, loot boxes, or malware/microtransactions on their kids' tablets. Parents need to be responsible, but we as a society are also responsible for one another. If YT Kids is fucking up, then a different algorithm or app is needed. Regular YT would be way worse for a kid to randomly scroll through while their parent is making dinner.
Inhale ^helium ^^as ^^^you ^^^^comment.
Great work!
Gavlan deal.
I thought estus was fire and estus soup uses estus as the broth.
I can't hear "scout flies" without thinking of Jak and Daxter. They were so cute!
If you were to stick a part of a car freshener in your sinuses, you'd smell it on exhale but not inhale. And you'd quickly get used to the smell, as if it were never there.
I'm sure this will bring a swift end to people trying to get kids addicted to gambling. /s
I agree. The only way I could see it being better is if they released a different version with more buttons like the G600/Naga/Scimitar.
Thanks for all the hard work!
They're probably a horrible person. /s
You should try an emulator some time. (jk)
That was an edit though, the original was a VN IIRC.
The weirdness isn't even the bad part. It's the lessons they teach kids from day 1. Not only do you have to compete with everyone, but your self-worth is based on your appearance.
first
I'd suggest playing ABZÚ. There's a scene with blue whales and I felt intimidated by their sheer scale. Pictures don't do it justice, seeing them up close is where it really hits you. I never want to see one in real life, at least not out on the ocean.
It's a lot like condoms. They have a 15% failure rate, because people use them wrong over 15% of the time. (Tangent: pinch a little room at the front when putting it on.)
That warms my heart, you have a great dad.
[Obligatory](https://youtube.com/watch?v=La-FSCfQEsk
)
Doomfist now scatters when he punches a surface.
I can't speak for others but in my case, all code had to be your own. If you looked at someone else's code regarding the particular problem, it was cheating no matter what. (Even if you don't use it.)
Professor is an idiot, the OP is clearly a sloth.
As usual for Fromsoft, their DLCs are consistently better than the base game. BB in particular has a fantastic one.
You should try some different genres. That's like deciding to try TV shows but you only ever watch reality shows. Anyway, you definitely gotta watch Non Non Biyori. Alongside K-On I'd say it's one of the most relaxing/wholesome SoL ones out there.
Or unless you're Jjonak.
What's annoying?
We don't think... We know.
Ok, then don't. No one told you to. I was just saying that if you refuse to talk to people about things you like simply because they have sexual elements, that is an immature stance to take.
Not sure what your point is, even hardcore porn is art.
Are you sure you really played it? Cause the game has little to nothing as far as titties go. There's just the main character's ass, but even that isn't very prominent if you aren't deliberately looking up her skirt.
Wanna form a contract?
You don't need to play anything else, but Nier fans would suggest you play Nier first. If you don't have patience for old gameplay, then skip it. I haven't met anyone that suggested drakengard.
It's more about the individual characters than the concept you're describing. It's hard to explain without spoiling it.
Side quests can be like that, they usually offer extra insights but they're completely optional. If you don't like them, just do the main story.
On PC you can use the FAR mod which pretty much fixes it. Or, you can get it on PS4 (1080p 60fps IIRC, and you can still customize controls). The only real downside would be a lack of higher resolution, and the ability to use different controllers. Some would say it's worth getting a version that you know will work off the bat. Personally, I'd get it on Steam and return it within 2 hours if it isn't working well.
It also highlighted the way she viewed them as tools/toys rather than people, which they had to stand up against.
It's much more about nudity than sexuality, though that's certainly part of it. A significant theme is the abandonment of social constrictions and embracing personal freedom by shedding the clothes that "bind" us. Also, the art style is so cartoony and exaggerated that I was never personally titillated the way fanservice is usually supposed to.
When someone asked him about all the 2B porn floating around, he politely requested that someone collect it all and send it to him in a .zip file.
You should play NieR: Automata some time.
Cool, I've already been using Twitch Leecher. Thanks for saving me the trouble.
Is there a way to download the vods off the official website? I do most of my viewing offline.
I'm not very familiar with Sinatraa, what did he do?
Haven't read it since early stage 1, definitely haven't missed it. I can't even imagine what it will be like when Geguri shows up.
The original idea was that even if a hero dies, their legacy and impact lives on. I thought it was a great choice.
Did Firewatch scare anyone else toward the end?
If you ever want to replay it, try Ziggy's Mod. It goes from slightly more challenging to you-better-know-what-you're-doing. It's a lot of fun.
That's what was so great about 3. Instead of living an action movie, you were out there getting lost and thinking about how to survive, what to look for, how to get the drop on this outpost, etc. I've played thousands of hours of games of many genres, but nothing has made me feel the way FC3 felt on that first playthrough. It's a similar problem with Dark Souls.
You definitely want to watch them all sequentially, since there's a lot of running themes.
They really toned down the original script for the Black Mirror pilot.
He demonstrated classical conditioning by observing his dogs starting to salivate whenever he rang a bell. This is because he would always feed them when he rang the bell. The mental association was made in the dogs' mind between the two stimuli. The joke is that he also associated the bell sound with feeding the dogs.
Probably.
Yeah, I would. I wouldn't be aggressive and say "you're wrong and I disrespect you", but I would acknowledge that my opinion is my right. Based on the situation in the video, a violent outcome seemed unlikely.

If it were a different situation, I might behave differently. I might say nothing or in serious danger, even say the opposite of my opinion. But in the case of the video, there was no reason to 180.
It's not about "being a badass". It's not badass to say what you believe in when you know you won't be punished for it. It also wasn't a direct threat. It was two independently stated opinions, with no authority over the other.
That's not the same as a random interview off the street. Everyone is tossing out extreme scenarios that could lead to danger, I'm talking about that specific video.
Normally I'd agree, but this is a controlled situation with an interviewer and cameras.
It's not the 1930s and gays are not persecuted the same way they used to be.
That's the thing. If he was aggressively anti-gay, I would still be comfortable saying I'm pro-gay because I know he wouldn't have a basis to attack me. Especially surrounded by cameras and an interviewer. At most it would lead to an argument.
Add bonewheels to lower burg.
If he truly believed he was right, he wouldn't do a 180 in a controlled situation. What a coward.
It's way easier to reverse engineer a parallel system than to create a completely original one. Though I agree that the RPCS3 devs are doing great work.
It's just a strategy, and a bad one at that. If you punish them for it, it makes victory much easier.
Even an entire Valkyrie isn't worth getting staggered for a whole minute.
The jersey image is really shittily shopped. I can't imagine the sequence of steps that leads to that outcome...
Let's be real: Artorias would be way better for Smash. Sif could be his super.
Only if we get Artorias.
When you enjoy a joke but you have to point out that you already knew it.
You were very kawaii. It was very sugoi desu.

Really though, good job.
Those are some poor deals, even if you subtract $60.
You're saying you have to be poor to waste your money?
I haven't played in a few months. Have they done anything about the cheating?
> loyalty to a manufacturer

Great way to waste your money.
Strange to think that some of the same people getting accepted into universities are literally shitting like animals.
Obesity doesn't make you look older.
DON'T FORGET TO LIKE, SUBSCRIBE, AND HIT THAT BELL ICON
Snails aren't bugs.
I bought mine from Google and have the battery issue. Does anyone know what to do to join the suit?
I think we'll be reliving Borderlands before that game comes out.
Eyes.
I don't see anything wrong with having the thread tbh. The more data we can collect on rapist psychology, the better we can prevent people from becoming rapists in the future.
Great idea! In fact, why don't we just kill all the bad people? Then the world will be so much better. /s
I'll be honest: I'm way past vanilla when it comes to porn. But that doesn't mean your empathy just disappears. It makes no difference how kinky you are if you still care about others' well being.
The question is, what constitutes abuse? Animals can't give consent so you could technically say all sexual contact is abuse. On the other hand, you could narrow it down based on whether the animal is being harmed, but that's entirely subjective. I don't personally know what the most ethical distinction is.
They're similar in principal, but child rape is definitely worse than animal rape. The biggest impacts of child rape are psychological, but animals usually lack the intelligence to even remember it the next day. I'm not condoning animal rape of course.
It can't be that hard to find if you spend all your time in internet cesspools. It's really a lack of empathy. An empathetic person looks at a picture and imagines what the people in the photo were feeling. A sociopath looks at the photo and thinks "how can I use this photo to serve me"; in their case, using them against other people for entertainment.
In principle I agree, but posting comments like that on social media is completely unacceptable (when referring to a real person).
I get the impression that most comments like that aren't even serious. They just enjoy upsetting people. At least, that's much easier to accept.
Poor title, they are the farthest thing from bricked.
I don't like that they beg you to share the video either.
YouTube can auto-translate in real time, though it only sorta works.
The people that use adblock are much more vocal within their contained communities than the general public.
Ah, that makes sense. I have prime too and I didn't even know that.
The eagles were easy as shit to kill, even a single handgun bullet will do it. They even move in a straight line toward you so the target is practically stationary. Hell, if you time it right, you can swipe them with your knife as they fly at you.
He's a professional card game player and he fights monsters on the side.
I heard that could be really painful.
I'll be straight, that seems like a great inclusion to what is otherwise unknown quality.
A documentary?
It's impossible to enjoy Star Wars space battles if you try to think about them realistically. For example, there should be no sound outside the cabin, and the battles would be happening so far apart that you can't even see the other ships.

Oh, you're a good enough pilot to dodge the auto-cannons? Fuck you, lasers move at the speed of light. They don't even need to predict where you'll go, they just aim and click.
Maybe they're just a really shitty soldier.
The sad part is that media like this is how people learn/develop their own relationships.
Oh look an eighty page manifesto conveniently detailing their evil plan.
I'm glad someone else acknowledged this. They might as well have a witness draw a picture and take that as fact.
This kinda shit is why it's so hard for me to enjoy Black Mirror, even if the rest of the writing is pretty good. Every five minutes I see something and think "there's no way a UI designer would approve that" or "this guy just started working on a program five minutes ago, why does it already have a stylish interface"?
Hey, that's a great idea! In fact, why don't we just get rid of bad people entirely? It's so simple!
What if it's somehow worse than the original? I mean, there aren't any bonuses, it's just unnecessary risk.
Why would you pre-order a remaster for a game you already have when you know practically nothing about it?
Think of all the ad revenue you earned that website by posting it. It's dumb clickbait BS that the author was using to capitalize on this exact reaction.
I was referring to child abuse overall, not this specific case. I should have specified.
> Also child sex abuse rarely ever ever happens in 1st world countries

I think 1/10 children (stats widely vary, [source example](http://victimsofcrime.org/media/reporting-on-child-sexual-abuse/child-sexual-abuse-statistics)) is much more than "rarely ever". The vast majority of abuse (children or otherwise) goes unreported for various reasons. I don't need to go into the psychological/physical damage it can cause because I think we're all on the same page there.

I don't really see how it would harm a children to understand the human reproductive system. We can teach them about things like bones, sinuses, veins, why not genitals?

As far as lying goes, that's a very serious concern. Nobody should be persecuted without proof, in my opinion. Either way, the education would be more than just "report people". It would be things like what body parts are off-limits to others, how to recognize a dangerous situation, understanding that your parents will _always_ love you so you can always tell them the truth, etc.

Ignorance may be bliss, but it is the exact tool predators use to take advantage of them.
I agree entirely, and would like to add that by understanding sexuality, children grow to be more comfortable with the human body, the notion of sex in society, and their role in sexual situations. A perfect demonstration is the fact that schools with abstinence-only sex education see the highest rates of teen pregnancy and STI infection. That's more of a high-school-level example, but it applies to everyone in the big picture.
I should have been clearer; I was referring to child abuse in general. I wasn't referring to this exact instance.
Sex education, my friend. If we want to do the most we can, the change has to be societal. The best way to protect children is not to shelter them, it's to arm them with knowledge. Teach them how to recognize when they are being manipulated and what exactly to do in that situation. Even setting aside abuse, sexual knowledge is very helpful to understand sooner rather than later.

Unfortunately many view this as corrupting their innocence, even though it will help them more in the long run.

Edit: not referring to this specific case.
Now that's just too far
It's much easier to enforce NN than make a new ISP appear out of thin air, especially one that won't just be a puppet for the powers that be.
If he is being a parent then it is his.
That is honestly fucked up on a fundamental level.
Actually I'd prefer to forget that one.
It's common for teens to feel motivated mainly by sex, but that's not really the "right" way. In terms of overall happiness, you're much better off focusing on getting a meaningful relationship and letting whatever else happen. That's not the case for everyone, of course.
You're right, I should have been more specific. A quality cheeseburger that you make yourself or get at a restaurant can do that. I was more referring to fast food, which has fewer ingredients, more sodium, and a higher fat/volume ratio.
It's not cheating if it's an open relationship. I'm sure people would be willing to accept that to be with the most desirable person, assuming they weren't okay with that to begin with.
They can both be treasures.
Calories with little to no nutritional content. A healthy diet requires much more than the right calorie intake/output, and a cheeseburger every day is way off from a healthy diet.
Right in front of enemy spawn doors is up there.
I mean I don't always land Widow headshots on my first try but they're still worth going for. Just takes practice.
Hey hot stuff. Are you a huge pile of eyes? Becuase I want you inside me.
So in other words, this is about bringing attention to potential OWL pros?
Oh yeah, especially the movesets and weapon combos. Ever combo'd a large sword with a combat bracer? You hit it like a baseball, with a chance of it flying toward an enemy to kill them. It's possibly the most satisfying move in any game I've ever played.
Don't forget recursion.
That's a very valid point. Though I don't think such a hands-off approach is what's best for Reddit. Take jailbait for example. That was all completely legal, but it was in everyone's best interests, especially the people being photographed, that the sub was taken down.
It facilitates snuff, in the same way that child porn facilitates rape.
How is posting images of murder okay? Seriously, the way people are discussing this makes me think they consider child murder more acceptable than child pornography.
Automata has some of the coolest weapon designs/lore.
I think you mean bravery and recklessness. Stupidity is the refusal to learn/reflect.
It still had time travel elements, which scratches the itch without introducing any of the complications.
Nier: Automata is basically one long Black Mirror episode.
The homeless guy had a sore tooth, it was a mercy killing.
I've had enough mediocre people taking office, thanks. Let's stick to the intelligent people.
Black Panther was interesting because of the way it addressed African culture; it wasn't just about the skin color of the protagonist. Compared to other cultures, Africa doesn't get a lot of rep and there's a lot of interesting content to work with.
I agree with the fact that representation is important, but that doesn't mean the astronaut's race would be more important than the actual act of landing on mars.
It's almost as if prejudice is a learned behavior.
How it feels not really wanting to watch Black Panther.
I've seen this as low as $800 new in the past, FWIW. Though this is still a great deal.
Or if you have one every day and become habituated.
That's a gross oversimplification of a habits that take years to form and reconstruct. Take my younger cousin for instance. From practically day one, she lived on junk food and was never taught or pressured into eating healthy. She cares about her health, she's not lazy, and she's not gluttonous. Drawing the cause-and-effect from what you eat to your health is something she can comprehend but is incredibly difficult to apply. Yeah, you can force-feed a teenager a salad, but that won't make them make better decisions later in life. Her lifestyle has been strongly formed, and it requires a monumental amount of change to turn that around. She's still responsible for her own health, but it would take an incredibly cold person to look at that situation and say that it is her fault.

If you take one look at someone and evaluate their character based on their appearance, you are causing far more problems than cheeseburgers are.
That requires some degree of knowledge and wisdom. What child will grow up shopping in bulk and buying healthy if they're fed McDonald's every day until they're a teenager?
The problem is when you have them habitually. Foods high in fat/sugar are mildly addictive, in the sense that your body craves them the more you have. The simple solution is not to eat too many to begin with, but this usually begins in early childhood when your parents are deciding what you eat.

We're all responsible for our own health, but it's important to recognize that some people are at a starting disadvantage once they become self-responsible.
This is why if you try to go on a diet, stick with it for more than a few days. It gets easier the longer you go. You just feel less hungry over time.
xQc followed by saying something along the lines of "he'd probably like it", and specifically did not take back his statement or apologize afterward. He just kept going and hoped it would get unnoticed, only apologizing when he was practically forced to.

Muma's original comment during the interview was cheeky and not very nice, in my opinion. xQc's counterattack with a direct, undeniable basis on his sexuality, is way out of line.
I've never openly insulted someone out of anger, at least not since I was 12 and old enough to know better. I don't know why that's so hard to believe, it's just common decency.
Yes. And they're doing it because it's weird and funny. They're also having a party and socializing, and having a good time.
I don't have "utopian" expectations of online behavior. I respect their right to insult others online, and I respect others' right to support it. Rather than disagreeing and leaving it at that, I'm trying to understand the details of why people view certain behavior in a positive light.

Also, how are my standards for acceptable behavior more harmful than mean comments? I'm not suggesting anyone be punished, I'm not leading witch hunts, and I'm most certainly not suggesting that they have less worth as a human being. On the other hand, the effects of online harassment are self-evident; just look at cyber-bullying, for example.
It did, thank you.
Okay, that's fair. In your opinion, what do you like about the toxicity? And, do you not mind that it can be harmful to the reciever?
I'm trying to understand other people's perspectives as to how this isn't considered a big deal. So far all I've gotten is "it's just a game, they didn't mean it, it doesn't matter". I just can't understand how you can witness a person verbally attack someone, then turn around and cheer them on the next day.
Freedom of speech protects you from government intervention on non-harmful speech (example: giving people instructions on making a bomb is not protected by the 1st amendment). It does _not_ protect you from private organizations (OWL), nor does it protect you from media attention highlighting people's hate speech.

Nobody is suggesting Taimou gets arrested. We're discussing whether the OWL, an _extremely_ open and progressive organization, wants to endorse players that spout such hateful views and slurs. Based on their recent actions, I don't get the impression they care very much.
I don't see how acting like a "real" person makes them worth cheering for. Bad people are real too, as are toxic homophobes. Unless you're suggesting that _everyone_ has malice for each other, and some of us are just better at hiding it. Frankly, the two players are exhibiting behavior that is completely unnaceptable for a professional.
Your comment was essentially saying that just because they're insults doesn't mean they have a lack of respect for the other person. To that end, I agree. Insulting your friends in a joking way is not malicious. That is _not even close_ to the situation with the two Fuel players. Take xQc's comment to Muma for example. That was a direct attack on him, with his sexuality as the basis. How can you _possibly_ say that isn't malicious and reprehensible?
I've lost my temper, like anyone else. The difference is, when I lose my temper, I don't lash out slurs targetting specific people. It's just plain malicious. The fact that putting other people down makes them feel better about themselves is an inherently reprehensible personality trait.

Furthermore, to lose your temper based on a teammate's performance in matchmaking is unbecoming of a "professional" player.
So by having malice for someone and insulting them, you're demonstrating a lack of respect, right? Your point just falls apart and then you resort to name calling because you have no basis to stand on, just like your precious homophobes.
For the majority of players I'd agree, especially Mickie. He's great. For the aforementioned two, they just seem incredibly toxic. What part of their personalities do you like? They constantly flame people and put themselves on a pedastal on Twitter nonstop.
Calling people slurs isn't just being immature, it's malice.
Houston Outlaws: proudly carried by an openly gay man.
Okay, I'll be straight. Can any of you Dallas fans explain why you cheer on xQc and Taimou? They clearly have no respect for other players.
It seems like you're looking for things to be upset about. The stereotypes you bring forth are much worse when you criticise them at every opportunity.
Not really. Really though, where's the cringe? I fail to see it.
Sexual communication doesn't mean talking dirty. It means being open and honest with what you want and how you feel. A good example is faking orgasm, which is shown to have seriously negative impacts in the long run.
They're open. Where's the sadcringe? Instead of being a cunt why not take a few seconds to back up your statement?
People just love judging others to validate their own lifestyles. It's a built in human trait.
Oh look, people doing something weird for fun at a party. Let's mock them!
Yes but very few people poop themselves to death.
I, on the other hand, am perfectly content sitting at home playing video games until the dark curtain of death.
And don't base your self worth on something you can't control, especially when it makes no actual difference.
[There is no correlation between penis size and sexual satisfaction, I invite you to find one.](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/love-sex/penis-size-and-the-correlation-with-sexual-satisfaction-the-science-10084250.html)

The only thing it affects is people who feel insecure about themselves, because that's what they were told to believe.
Power Puff Girls ripped off the style of Panty and Stocking /s
It's all of his fanfiction
It's just for certain spots, like if they set up a roadblock. I suggest watching speedruns of the series on AGDQ's YouTube channel, there's some amazing tech they used to break the games.
My cousin and I would always argue about who gets to play Donkey.
I was just recently replaying them. They're such great games and so nostalgic, but man... They did not age well.
For me it was Revenge of the Flying Dutchman
Play the Nier franchise, especially Automata. So much emotion in their OSTs.
It's because there were like no checkpoints
Mash R2 to hover in between the ground level and hover level so you never hit anything.
I can't tell you how happy it made me to see this at the top of the thread.
Is that using tumblebuff?
Whut the hayol?
*wall climbs into my room*
That's one reason I love playing D.Va, she's useful 99% of the time.
Meh. Just play the base game first and get the DLC if you really liked it.
You can save like every two minutes, you just have to be near a checkpoint. It's like Fallout, you have to remember to save.
Get it on Steam instead, so you can return it if necessary. The mod is _not_ optional.
I DID MY WAITING! 12 YEARS OF IT!
Maybe if you're a sonic OC.
Seemingly? The dogs can literally teleport _above your head_ and land on you.
This is incredibly creative!
That's just a bunch of fiction. Doesn't have any room for real discussion or jokes.
I don't care how annoying Yuuko can be, Mio really crosses the line by calling her stupid. That shit cuts deep.
What is it about green dreads that looks so cool?
This looks amazing, well done!
Heavens no
Damn that was smooth
I love the sunglasses every time
Drake and Josh
I don't remember that scene...
Sounds like something out of Black Mirror.
It's only three syllables, it's not a very difficult name. It's easier than "zenyatta".
It also really bothers me that they're not all facing the same way. All the offense heroes faced the same way until Doomfist. It would be really easy to just mirror the images too.
I dunno, i think it would be too much.
Real programmers make mechanical machines that suit all your needs.
You're clearly wiser than me so why not take the time to enlighten me instead of being condescending? I believe in freedom of sexual expression, is that so wrong? If someone wants to act "slutty" for strangers, even for money, what exactly is wrong with that? If there's a particular problem with it being delivered through Twitch servers, I fail to see it.
It's basically a complete fix. I'm actually confused why one person can make a mod that does this in days when all of Platinum can't do it at all. To their credit, Bayonetta is great on PC so I don't really understand why Nier has the performance issues.
It's worth playing sooner IMO.
It's because my room was MY place that I never had friends go in it. Besides, all the interesting stuff was in the main living area or outside.
So can females show their nipples now? If not, that would be even worse because they tried for equality at first and decided it wasn't worth the hassle.
What do the "original" rules matter? Current rules are how we proceed.
I think Twitch has made that pretty clear. They have categories for everything from casual eating to talk shows. That's like saying YouTube should only have videos that involve people filming themselves, because that's what the original idea was based on. It's just illogical.
I know what a whore is. You're making the assumption that they're sexualizing themselves to maximize donations and not for another reason. For example, maybe they're just a naturally sexual person.

And let's hypothetically say that _every_ instance of anything remotely sexual is for the sake of donations and not because humans are sexual creatures. Even in that situation, it would still be disrespectful to call people whores. Why aren't you criticizing camgirls on other sites? Because they don't happen to use the same servers?

The fact is, people have their own ideas of what Twitch "should be", and criticize people who disagree. If you really don't like it, criticize Twitch for deviating from what you think is their core purpose. Don't criticize people for doing what they like, especially if it doesn't harm anyone else.
Just because you go to Twitch for gaming doesn't mean everyone should exclusively game on Twitch. They have a talk show section where they don't usually play games, are you saying all of those channels should be removed?
Twitch is no longer a video game streaming site. For example, if twitch allows pornography, then it becomes a pornography site. At the moment it's mostly video games with other misc. IRL things. You don't have to like it, but you shouldn't call people whores just because they live a lifestyle you don't approve of.
Lots of reasons, it's hard to say specifically. But I can say that the reasons are usually similar to why people watch reality TV shows.
You can't wrap all of modern feminism into an obnoxious minority. If you really cared about gender equality then you'd try to understand that feminism is more than just whiny tumblr teenagers.
She claimed to kill a dog and then laughed about it later. She's not breaking any laws that I now of, but it's within Twitch's grounds to ban people for any reason, including if they just don't like her style.
Twitch's solution to gender inequality is to impose _more_ restrictions so everyone's even. The classic example is that males can't show their nipples on Twitch stream. In that example, if they really wanted to be progressive they would just recognize that nipples are harmless and not impose nonsensical rules.
I use a mouse with buttons on it, they keyboard is mostly for movement/comms.
The behavior is not wrong because it's creepy/bizarre/twisted. It's wrong because of the potential harm to the victim. It doesn't matter what we think of the perpetrator, it matters how we protect the victim.

You can't judge people based on what you think is gross. That's the same logic people use against homosexuality.
7 is already well above average. 5 is average, but people think of it as bad.
Do you know who I am?
What is that relative to? Us and the sun?
I'm pretty sure it was a coincidence.
When the bottom of the bowl hits the sink, it's done. But the top of the bowl still has momentum, it's saying "hey I'm not done falling!" So it keeps "falling". If the object is durable, it has enough internal strength to resist the force. If it's brittle like a bowl, it has no internal durability so there's nothing stopping the top from just forcing its way down, breaking as it does so.
They dropped the plate and it happened to break in an interesting pattern.
Mine is "I wanted to adopt cursive but gave up half way through".
Why would the lady write it if she could just tell the waitress in person?
How ungrateful! I paid them so much exposure.
This is how you develop a feline foot fetish.
What constitutes a useless detail? You could say that about literally anything. Genji went on many interesting travels prior to joining Overwatch, but that's a useless detail so are you saying they shouldn't have included it?

And what is political about being transgendered exactly? There are thousands of reasons a person could choose to be trans, and many of those would make for interesting character traits.

Also, people aren't desperate for these things so they can validate their dumb fanfictions. They matter because they reflect our society. They reflect some of the things that make people unique and give color to the world. Are you really saying OW would be better if the characters had no backstories, no personality, just the mechanical gameplay?
What is it ruining? I fail to understand how it does _anything_. Lucio likes dubstep. Maybe I hate dubstep, does that mean I should be offended they put Lucio in the game? Your argument makes no sense.

Characters are fictional people, who are comprised of many different elements. Gender, sexuality, interests, personality, hopes, dreams, etc. Why is it bad for a character to have a gender? How exactly would a transgender character "ruin" the game? Frankly, it seems like you have a general distaste for LGBT people and are trying to take it out on fictional characters. Like it or not, they're a part of our community and you can't ignore them forever.
Actually over 50% miscarry, if you count the point of conception as "pregnant". Many pregnancies miscarry before you can detect them with over-the-counter testers.
I don't see how it's insincere to want to show the trans community that they are valued. "Diversity bingo" is important because minorities, especially as children, are affected by the media they consume. If they see that all the valued people in the world (OW heroes in this case) only fit a certain demographic, how do you think it will make them feel about themselves?

Tracer serves as an excellent role model for gay people, for example. It didn't do any harm to make her gay, but it has the potential to do plenty of good. Efi is another great example. In certain parts of the US, black children are raised with little expectations and often little self confidence. For people to see Efi, a little African girl, make such great contributions to the world, it can be very motivating. It can remind them that it's not just the majority who has value.
Being trans isn't a social issue, it's a lifestyle. It makes no sense for someone to be unhappy because a character is written to live a certain way. You sound just like the people who were against Tracer being gay even though it has no impact on her in the game whatsoever.

Gay people can potentially look at Tracer as a role model. They're being represented and their culture is being celebrated in the form of a noble video game hero. How exactly is that a bad thing? Likewise, how would a trans character do anything but add another role model?

If you're truly upset by the lifestyle of a fictional character, you need to rethink your priorities.
Please don't fix this.
I don't know if you read all these but could baby D.Va have a separate control menu from when in mech? Thanks for all the great work!
I know you're joking but I'll say it anyway. It's only perpetuating a stereotype if it's *because* of the demographic. Efi could be much like Brigitte: using their great talents to help from the home front, but deciding they could do more on the front lines. Even a child could make a noble decision like that.
I haven't given it a lot of thought, so there might be other practical reasons to avoid it. However, I don't think it's a good reason to avoid it just because people would be intolerant of the idea of a transgendered person being a hero. Intolerance won't go away on its own; it needs to be actively fought, and the best way to fight is to lead by example.
I wasn't saying it would be the right decision from a practical standpoint, I'm just saying I thought it would have been cool.
Shooting and killing is already bad, but we file it away under "cartoon violence". Making it a child on top of that doesn't cross any "new lines" in my opinion.
biye, have a beautiful time!
Source?
Still waiting on a trans hero, that would be a cool bit of representation that we don't see very often.

Edit: I'm being downvoted but I'm not sure exactly why. Entirely open to discussion if you disagree, I think it's worth talking about.
Gender is an important part of a character/person. You shouldn't necessarily focus on making it 50/50, but it is important. If you take a character and swap their gender, most of the time they will feel like a fairly different character. I don't know what happened behind closed doors at the studio but they obviously decided to make Brigitte female for a reason that serves her delivery as a character.
And criticizes Ana for using biotech as a weapon.
The raindrop never feels responsible for the flood.
The slambulance is crippled without Lucio's speed boost, because it has no range.
As nice as Mercy is, she really doesn't keep her judgments to herself.
I think a child hero would have been really cool, and delivered an important message that there's no age limit to helping the world. Though she already accomplishes that in a less obvious way.
Who do you think gave McCree his automail?
You need to be a club leader for two stars and a Diva for three stars.
This thread is why women rarely tell people their gender online.
Since no one else answered, in Pokemon Ash wears his Gym Badges (victory medals) inside his jacket. It's a signature move of his. This is referencing that. 
Yeah, gambling is really fun. Especially if you're an impressionable child. Fuck these people.
It's like that one shitty YouTuber. All the attention just made them profit more in the long run. Most of us had never heard of him prior to the scandal.
In that situation it's usually written 0^- or 0^+
Does notepad++ have that? I've been using jGRASP so far.
Big if (true)
Blizzard should make patch rundowns like these! Great work.
> "it's not rape if their pupils turn into hearts"
I still think defense matrix should delete dashing Genji and punching Doomfist. They're making themselves one big projectile.
I learned it in my architecture class, here's the book citation. Sorry I don't have an online article.

Michael Fazio, Marian Moffett, and Lawrence Wodehouse, Buildings Across Time: An Introduction to World Architecture, 4th edition, (McGraw Hill Education, 2009)
Remember in Tools of Destruction when it played the 1812 overture while you fired? It was so satisfying.
NYAN NYAN MOTHERFUCKERS
I heard that some animals would move to caves when near death, and in some cases the isolation and cool/moist air would help them recover. Early humans would see injured animals go in and healthy animals go out, which is why caves were revered as spiritual, and that's the origin for cave paintings.
We seem to be on the same page. Neither kids nor animals can give consent.
I'm pretty sure you misread my comment. Fucking animals is not okay, because they can't give consent. Similarly, you can't fuck kids because they can't give consent. In either case, you could say "but they enjoyed it". In either case, it doesn't matter because it's still illegal.
Most 15 year olds enjoy sex, but that doesn't mean they can give consent to adults. The same applies to animals, except people are less likely to treat animals humanely than humans.
Hey there's some treasure at the bottom of that pit...
I heard that it was because Doomfist is so overwhelmingly masculine that it took 4 female characters to balance out. /s
He can smack my cat with his massive hammer.
D.Va is the Junkertown queen. Hero Gallery tells about how much time she spent there.
I'm still upset we didn't get Efi. Little African genius inventor girl? I'm pretty fond of the way OW represents minorities so that was a really cool concept.
Man, that would break the game so hard.
Sleep is relaxing, even while you're unconscious, but death is just nothing.
It's 2018 and we're still assigning food chain roles based on species. smh
$1.30 here. Kinda feels bad, thought it was a lot more.
And I guess the Sosunser scene isn't very relaxing either... But nothing beats the one about learning to ride a bike.
I'd do it if it had stock Android and if I could keep Fi. In any case, wait for reviews. It seems like every year there's some new crippling issue with somebody's product so it's worth waiting.
2k is about 1080p. 1440p is just 1440p.
The color pink.
Non Non Biyori is the best. So relaxing.
Romance fiction isn't just about smut. There's a whole world of romantic expression but it just gets pushed aside like sex is the only thing that ultimately matters.
Weakness isn't crying, weakness is running from your problems. People say men shouldn't cry but they're just encouraging people to suppress their emotions.
Frankly the fist is just easier and lets you run your thumb over your nails to feel if they're smooth. I'm not sure why anyone does it differently.
yes..............it was
It all started to fall apart after the Raven Retrieval arc.
It's actually Beardt of the Bearal Valley.
Sorry, the best I can get you is logarithmic reposts.
I've tried dark themes and just can't get into them. They're more aesthetically pleasing but it's so much harder to read the text, especially when it's really small.
The NSA is spying on me, but just to check up from time to time. Making sure I'm all right.
She recently did an interview on the Omnic Lab podcast if anyone's interested.
And kids are much more likely to damage their teeth. For example, my nephew chipped his tooth. It would suck if he had to live with that until he was 40.
So not only is he a serial killer, but he's a sexist and an ageist too!
Summoned a bunch of people and immediately walked off a cliff when I looked away.
Either way, it's the same as being with my wife.
Like she needs protecting.
Pancake. Grilled cheese is already close to as good as it can get, but with pancakes the sky's the limit.
What do you use it for? If you're gaming, probably stick with 144hz. For anything else go 4k.
Don't aim for their heads, aim for the feet so the scatter projectiles take full effect.
Also a lack of education. Related to underfunding of public schooling.
Doomfist can also oneshot people, I'm not sure where your irritation is coming from.
I don't know the distinctions but my teacher (whom I called "Daifu" -- he was also an acupuncturist) always called it Shaolin Kung Fu. We also took a lot from Taijiquan, so it's entirely possible the colored belts were borrowed from a different culture.
It's for when you play Nier and you need to cry. Or when you play Nier and use the explosion ability.
Bonus points if the bulb is dimmable. Even more if it's a smart bulb that you can make respond to commands and change color.
Seconded, I have different devices mapped to macro keys. Only gripe is that it's incredibly inconsistent when starting on bootup.
What's your use case? Media you watch, music you listen to, games you play (and how you play them), whether you live with other people, etc. I strongly recommend Mad Lust Envy's headphone guide for gaming. (Long story short: a great pair of stereo headphones + a soundcard with surround virtualization. Way better than any "7.1" headset.)
Completely agree. Besides audio quality, pinpointing sounds has been the most noticeable difference.
A good chair, something that will keep you in good shape. Many gaming chairs are decent but there are lots of "normal" alternatives. Bonus points if it reclines, can't tell you how much that feature changed my life. (I use a Maxnomic dominator if you're interested.)

A decent desk mic. Much better quality than a clip-on and you can just put it away when you don't need it.

A mechanical keyboard, but that's a whole new bag of worms.

Nice speakers. Headphones are great most of the time but you just can't beat some great speakers for watching videos or listening to music. Also good because they're the most comfortable.

Something to rest your feet on. Especially good if you can recline.
I use a tiny stool with a little pillow. Goes right over the subwoofer.
I had no idea it was capped when you jump. Why is that?
Playing an anime fighting game is worse, because all the voices (adults included) sound like little girls.
It seems innocuous but the taboo around sex is really harmful in the long run. It's the main reason people aren't getting proper sex ed and are having so many unintended pregnancies, STDs, and not knowing how to deal with sexual assault.

For real, teach your kids about sex and how to deal with sexual assault. Everyone wants to protect their kids but no one wants to arm them with knowledge.
Nothing gets past this guy
Reminds me of the nun from Skullgirls.
And machine guns
be wary
We had colored belts when I learned Kung Fu.
NSFL
Engineered with gamers in mind, yes. But the seller couldn't give less of a shit what you use it for. To distributors, it's all the same.
I understand the struggle, I've postponed upgrading for the same reason. It's frustrating, but I know that nothing's gonna change until the supply rises to meet the demand. Expecting the demand to drop isn't practical. 
It's a theoretical weakness, yet PC gaming is growing every year and there's no indication that mining can stop it. It's always been more expensive, it's just more so this year.
Because there's nothing to say. It's just another low effort meme that doesn't really say much besides "I like Taiga".
As ageist as it sounds, society advances one funeral at a time.
DAE have a hard time getting it going when part of your body is wet?
You think someone would do that? Just go on the internet and tell lies?
Again, which bubble? Even if bitcoin loses popularity there will still be other currencies, and many will be most efficient for GPUs. For mining to "die down" like everyone wants, it would require a fundamental flaw with cryptocurrencies to begin with. I haven't heard of anything that would suggest that, at least.
They went to the Disney website without their parent's permission.
That's so wholesome, I think!
Crypto miners also wish we would fuck off. Just a matter of perspective.
Mining is temporarily slowing PC gaming. It's stronger than ever and neither crypto or gaming are showing any signs of weakness. It's just a matter of making more GPUs from now on.
Do you mean the currently popular currencies or crypto in general? With the way the world is going, it seems much more reasonable to simply expect manufacturers to produce more GPUs to accommodate the demand.
I agree, just noting that it's "misinformation".
Sweet, thanks for the info.
Thanks, that's very helpful.
Is attendance in the labs mandatory? It looks like it's two hours twice a week.
Is there section homework or mandatory section attendance?
Fantastic work!
We need turret-chan artwork STAT
I have the 60, which is the exact same thing. It's great. Only gripe is lack of Freesync/G-sync, but you get what you pay for. If you're not gaming it's a great deal.
Fuck me that's amazing.
That won't stop him if no one enforces it, unfortunately.
> **I hate people** who are hyping this up to be cute
It makes no difference. I don't like it either, but that doesn't mean you should hate people for it.
You should be more embarrassed about hating people for liking something you don't.
I'd also like to know.
I never knew you could farm him...
I didn't even know spamming B skipped dialogue, I always used A.
Honest question: why buy this figure when you could buy one that highlights her more defining features? For example, in transformed mode and ready for combat, or in uniform and being casual.
For once I saw it coming.
I understand your analogy except for the part about being dehydrated in the desert. That seems to imply that gaming is a more noble cause than mining. What if the miner was to say "that GPU will help me feed my family, while the gamer just wants to have fun with it."

It's an exaggerated perspective, but I could still see someone thinking that way.
Say what you will, it's a special feeling making your first hello world.
An image about someone sharing part of their lifestyle in an informative, positive way. Of course Reddit would shit on them.
I see. Yeah AFAIK the PS4 does 1080p 60fps with no dips, whereas the PC version widely varies. The FAR mod is essential ofc. For reference I'm using a 980 Ti and I was able to mostly hold 60fps at 1440p at max settings.
Second only to "true does not exist".
I thought they were nearly identical. Is there something different between the two?
/s I've done quite a but of martial arts myself but I think just about everyone knows that physics don't make it practical.
What was your GPA if you don't mind me asking? I'm applying next year and they won't say what they're targeting.
You should've swapped the amounts. It's much easier to get upvoted and you're making a positive contribution.
That's because it's very much a learning challenge. When you get the pattern down, the only difference is how much damage you do AKA how much time in between mistakes. Frankly fighting him normally felt like an SL1 challenge.
Is it changing in your OS or is it the monitor itself? Are you using the supplied cable or a different one?
Interesting to think that technically, Zen can oneshot a tank with no cooldown.
No. There is intersex, which is usually male or female or neither. As for gender, animals do not have enough intelligence to understand the concept.
That's not how sex or gender works.
There's more to it than that. I know we don't live in a totally patriarchal society anymore, but something about a strong woman is just motivational. Take Korra for example. She's physically and willfully strong, and the fact that she's female seems to enhance that impression. I can't really find the words to describe it.
Ah, that's much better.
Same. It takes a ton of restraint not to mention that I beat all the games at level 1 (like I'm doing now) because it would make me look like a huge douche. I just want people to enjoy it for what it is.
You don't necessarily have to like it to consider it the best. I love it but it's not my favorite, yet I consider it the potentially best PC game ever created. All of the mechanics, writing, music, etc. have a ton of thought put into them. The dev team is incredibly supportive of the community with active communication, native mod support, and lots of free DLC.

You don't really have to like TW3, but there's no denying it has a ton of elements that would make other PC games much better.
Don't worry, she's getting a significant buff now. You're ~~frozen~~ slowed for 50% longer.
That's what I like about it. It's a very specific role with a clear, linear story. (Despite having choices.) I love open varied-style games like Fallout, but I feel like TW3 is much better off in its current form.
I can't stand older game mechanics (extremely dated graphics, clunky controls, turn-based combat, etc.). Even if the game itself is great, it's a barrier that I have to get past. Especially since a lot of old games are based on RNG and/or grinding which I have little patience for.
You're missing out, it's a great game. The plot/writing isn't as good, but the mechanics are much better. And ofc you have to play Infinite if you care about the lore at all, it's a huge deal. Especially the Burial at Sea DLC.
1. Prefer looking at female characters, sexually or stylistically.
2. Love me a good female protagonist, not really sure why.
You'll never get better if you never challenge yourself. But if you're happy with minimal difficulty and just want the peaceful experience, that's a perfectly valid way to play too.
I learned restraint with Steam sales, now I waste all my money on Humble Bundles that I'll never play.
Maxing out all your gear for a final boss you could easily beat with normal gear.
Try playing a more story-driven horror game like Soma. The fear adds a ton to the experience, but it isn't the reason you're playing. I never liked horror much but being exposed to a game where I really felt a reason to get past the fear, to beat the challenge, really made me start to like it.

Still can't play Alien tho lol.
Can't wait to see the GOP start to argue that now the states shouldn't have their own say in the decision.
That would explain my experience, since I almost exclusively write to it and rarely read. I can definitely confirm that it's consistent either way, though. I'm very happy with it overall.

One other downside is the noise/vibration. The one with USB ports sits behind my monitor and I can always feel/hear when it's running, which is a minor annoyance.
Not gonna tell you how to live your life. But, an apartment can't play Witcher 3 at high res and framerate at the same time...
I have the Q701. If this is anything like it, then that's an absolute steal if you care about audio quality or positioning in gaming. Soundstage is incredible and when used with a Dolby Headphone card you can pinpoint things very well. Only gripe is that it's not good for larger heads.
I have this, AMA if you want. It's slow but works great as an archive/backup drive. I also have the version with the two usb ports on the front.
You can wash your hands every ten minutes but they'll still produce oils, and gunk (hair, moisture, skin cells, etc.) will still find its way in. If you want to make your mouse lighter then by all means go for it. Just don't try to convince people that dirt isn't a fair concern.
This is a disgusting mentality. You still represent your constituents, even if they didn't vote for you! This polarizing attitude is causing more problems than ever.
/s
I don't even like Terraria but it's clearly a _very_ different game. The only thing they seem to have in common is premise and art style.
It still does that once in a while.
That's a pretty good solution.
Good point. I kinda intended to imply retailers/sellers by proxy.
Wait, you mean you wouldn't actually jump-kick someone four times before landing?
I would still have to pay a lot for a handful of games at best. It's just outside of my budget based on cost/rewards. If Nintendo ever opens up to the idea of other platforms, they can have my money. Until then I'll just stick to Steam and occasionally emulate.
*boye
I love Platinum and want to support them. But I'm not about to drop nearly $400 just so I can play Bayo.
/s
Why is that? Is there different IP rights between 1/2? Anyway if it really doesn't get released you can still emulate it.
That's a fair point. However, I would argue that many suicides could have happier alternatives. I see both sides of the argument, I just can't think of a solution that protects people's potential happiness while not infringing on their personal rights.
> popping balloons or burning toenails or the feel of concrete

Stop I can only get so erect...
Said no one ever.
Glory to **Thighhighs**!

\- Me
I wouldn't assume it applies to each dimension. Largeness is generally compared to volume.
> because I don’t do anything illegal.

This is how we ended up with the "Patriot" Act.
Free/safe please. I'm already untraceable... I use incognito mode.
Bayo 2 PC when... I played 1 at 4K and it was awesome.
The port is fine with the Fix Automata Resolution mod (FAR). I'd strongly suggest getting it on PC if you're a regular PC gamer. Otherwise, if you just want the hassle-free experience, go for PS4. It's 60fps either way and it's excellent on both.
There are no tits but it has ass, not that it matters.
That's about right.
I'd say the Dancer is a small wall, then Nameless King is one of the bigger challenges, then the DLCs are where it starts getting absurd.
Firefox mobile, my friend.
Already unhappy with the 1070? It's an excellent card, and now's an abysmal time to be buying.
> Digital Codes are fucking up my gaming

I don't really agree with this mindset. (I'm a gamer not a miner for the record.) We use GPUs for gaming and miners use them for profit, but what makes our use the "appropriate" one? Miners could express frustration with gamers for rising demand and they would be equally justified.

If there's anyone to be frustrated at, it's manufacturers. I'm sure they're loving the spike in demand and are milking it for all it's worth.
Exact same situation here. Seems like the Pixel 2 (small) is the only release in the last few years not to have a huge fucking issue with it... yet.
If you're equating special education to school shootings, you're making a gross oversimplification. I do agree that beyond a certain age range, they shouldn't be mingled with the other students.
I'm really curious how it will turn out, since I can't imagine anything that looks cool.
Watch out for Sombra clues.
Simply thinking about getting hacked as D.Va makes me start to feel aggravated. Though it's kinda the D.Va's fault since she has the shotguns.
Just don't hover over cliffs when she's nearby.
There's two elements:

- people abusing weapons attained legally
- and illegally

Tightening restrictions is necessary in my opinion, but it's not going to make the problem go away (or even help for that matter). Stronger regulations aren't going to fix it, stronger enforcement will.
Don't acknowledge that vocal minority, it only encourages them.
Your solution is to cut off education access to people over a certain age? That is horrible in so many ways.
I agree wholeheartedly. It's not enough to tighten restrictions on weapons and punish criminals. Our society creates people that do horrible things like this. It is something we have to fix on a fundamental level if we want to have a functional society.
What needs correction is what we consider an acceptable (healthy) weight. People generally want to be under the average healthy weight because that's what seems attractive.
Unrelated but the term "straight" implies hetero is "correct". Doesn't really seem appropriate.
Throwing bricks is a pretty bad thing to do but you have to be pretty heartless to think that automatically makes someone deserving of death/suffering.
The troublesome part is that there have been many people who attempted suicide but later regretted it. It may be the case that this is the only time in the universe we get to exist, so if we can help someone prolong that, it's seen as a good thing. Of course, every individual situation is different.
They just need to pay more and have better benefits overall. It's the fact that they're more accessible jobs that employers can be much more picky.
Rape is morally wrong by definition. For a human being to be used as a tool and to have control taken from them, it's traumatizing. I don't know how this is even up for debate.
Similarly, you don't have to be related to someone for it to be as "real" of a family member. Like an adopted child or a step sibling.
"Scratch and dent" my ass. That thing is practically curved.
XB271HU or PG279Q
As a Jak fan, all these remasters are just reminding me how unpopular that franchise was.
It seems like it was written by someone whose knowledge of video games is cursory at best.
Omae wa mou shinderou
and fake
I'm sorry you had to go through such a difficult joke.
Robots are people too.
As an owner of two flagship Huawei products, fuck Huawei. Never buying their devices again.
Bango
I happen to identify as a cuntbitchasshole and I find it offensive that you would categorize a mom like that as such.
Even if you're not masturbating, privacy is obviously still important.
Don't constantly tell your child that they're better than other people. It'll make it really hard for them to socialize.
I smell it on people everywhere. It's pungent. Please don't wear your smoked up clothes out into public.
Gay marriage and pot legalisation didn't have hard financial implications for the legislators. Separating business from the state is a monumental task. I'm not even convinced it can be done.
If we're doing requests, I think black with customizable secondary color would be awesome.
No, you don't understand. If we stop death threats and online harassment, that would be impeding their religious freedom. /s
Same. Not that I plan on buying another Huawei product. My 6P utterly failed me.
This is exactly what it looks like.
I wonder if he feels somewhat guilty for missing the Seoul match. He shouldn't of course.
The troublesome part is that survival rate doesn't matter if you don't get it looked at. Self-check for lumps to detect testicular and breast cancer!
*bork break
Martha you ignorant slut!
Why does it play 3 times before looping?
What does affirmative action have to do with anti-discrimination laws? There's a big difference between giving someone an unfair advantage (affirmative action) and preventing someone from having an unfair disadvantage (anti-discrimination laws).
I disagree. I do think people should be free to be as closed-minded as they want, but not when it starts affecting others. Let's say I run a sandwich shop and I put out a sign that says I refuse to sell to black people. Even if someone didn't plan on buying a sandwich, they can walk by and read that, and it would be very harmful.

There are some assertions we can make (for which I welcome counter-points):

1. Institutionalized discrimination leads to psychological issues, self-esteem issues, and distrust of the world.
2. Protection of discrimination does not serve society; it only enables people's biases. It is not harming the sandwich shop in any way to sell to black people, nor does it make any difference in how they would need to do business.

Based on those assertions, the conclusion is simple: discrimination is harmful to society, and anti-discrimination laws do not prevent people from maintaining their personal beliefs. Therefore, anti-discrimination regulations should be established by the federal government.
Spray paint large orange circles around the holes so you can do the same thing but drivers can notice the holes more easily.
There's no one concrete set of rules for any religion, even its sacred texts. Everyone's religion varies, and there are many Christians that believe in freedom of sexual orientation despite the bible contradicting that.

I agree though, that people should not offer their services to organizations that institute discrimination, especially to _children_, who are prone to psychological issues when molded into unnatural lifestyles. If you grow up with a preference for homosexuality, and you learn it's wrong, there's a 99% chance that you'll just end up thinking there's something wrong with yourself and hating yourself.
Many public schools still have the "right" to discriminate based on sexual orientation, more still on gender.
If you're saying teachers should only work there if they agree with 100% of Catholicism, no one will end up working there. The problem is as follows: the school should not have the authority to fire someone based on their sexual orientation. It is purely unfair, does not benefit society, and enables hateful culture. The solution is simple: federally mandate anti-discrimination laws against sexual orientation (among other things).

Their religious beliefs were not being threatened. They can still be against homosexuality, that's their right. They were going out of the context of the school (reading her FB page) and taking action based on something that has _zero_ impact on what happens within the school walls.
Many anti-discrimination laws were rolled back with the Trump administration. Apparently they impeded the freedom of organizations to destroy people's lives for no good reason.
Silver lining: she's much more likely to be hired by a welcoming private/public school. Of course that would still mean moving and a lot of inconvenience. Shit's so unfair.
To be fair, some religious culture is a vehicle for passing on hateful values. For instance, homophobic parents are more likely to teach their children that homosexuality is a sin than to simply say it's bad for no other reason.

Fun fact: homosexuality can be observed in many primates, including direct ancestors to human beings. Anyone who says homosexuality "isn't natural" is factually incorrect.
Thank the current administration for protecting the hateful, making sure everyone knows it's okay to hate someone for something they can't control, or something that doesn't matter.
Before it was religion, then sex, then your dominant hand, then it was race, then sexual orientation, then gender... I wonder what fun thing it will be next.

Are people really so obtuse that they can't see they're on the wrong side of history?
That's the best for the money, the absolute best is probably next year's 4k models.
Monster Hunters Inc
Who says GUIs aren't gonna have more prevalence in future programming?
It's been so long that I've lost the hype. It's back now.
Before we called them "memes". It's the same principle but we called them jokes/gags.
Is there a gag more iconic than Rick Rolling? I can't even call it a meme because it's before that era.
Tiny thread of floss stuck between your teeth.
They work really well until you notice how the actors literally stand around waiting for the laughing to stop, and they're ruined forever.
that"s life
You can still do odd numbers, but you have to manually drag the mouse on the volume slider to do it.
How else are you supposed to know you typed a letter?
Just take a little extra time to wash your hands. You'll get sick less often and get others sick less often.
It's easier to see in your peripheral vision for some reason.
Especially when they don't have any isolation so it might as well be a tiny speaker on their ear.
"Guess what" just means "hey I want to tell you about something". Just say "what" in response.
Suspect? How are you unsure?
That's fucked up.
> and then not putting them back

I think that's called theft.
Unless you're at an orgy.
Alternatively, people who desperately need to explain their original thought process when it isn't relevant. I do this often and am trying to kick the habit.
I have a bug in some video players where the cursor won't disappear, so even the single pixel in the corner is annoying to me. How they can just leave the cursor up in the middle is incomprehensible to me.
"Oops, I just cut that person off! I better slow down so they don't think I'm a maniac..."
Did you ask her to stop slurping salad?
It blows my mind how many people I see walk right out of restrooms without washing their hands. Do you just not believe in germs or something?
()
Have two dogs, I've been listening to that noise every night for the last decade. You get used to it quickly.
oh ^no ^^no ^^^NO ^^^^NO ^^^^^NO
This is your best work yet!
Holy shit you're right. I didn't care that much because I don't play Genji but now I need it.
Those are some kickass designs, they should put them in the game.
This is how it ends. Can't wait till parents find out about this. /s
It's not that the phone was the sole deciding factor, it's just part of it. Your tastes and interests affect what kind of phone you like, and your tastes and interests also determine whether you'll get along with someone. This is probably more to do with correlation than causation.
Don't worry about input lag with consoles, or generally when you're using a controller. That plus being capped at 60hz means you'd need crazy high input lag for it to start to matter at all. It's mostly relevant for mouse gaming, and your average 144hz panel will have a far better response time than what is considered "acceptable".
1440p 144hz+ IPS Gsync/freesync. I'd suggest a 1080p but you can't find those in IPS. If you want the best bang for the buck I'd suggest a 1080p 144hz TN, but note that you won't be able to take advantage of the (sometimes) high res of the XB1X and the colors won't be quite as good.
I'm not accepting the sexualization of children. That's wrong. I'm accepting the concept, and the fact that people can be attracted to that concept if they desire.
If that's the case then ban the left subs too. If it's as you describe the site would be better off.
I'm not guilty of vote brigading, so please don't make that assumption. I don't think it matters what "side" you're on. If someone is causing harm via Reddit, I don't think they should be here. T_D is undoubtedly causing such harm, along with anyone else.
What exactly is your reasoning? _Anyone_ that does those things should be banned.
Ciaran's story always makes me sad, especially when you find the hornet ring. It's just like finding the Quelana pyromancy tome in DS3.
We seem to be on the same page. I'm in support of preserving works of art like that book. Though Reddit is left-leaning, the public right is far more open to dictating how others live their lives than the left.
[Roughly four in ten women fantasize about rape once in a while](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/all-about-sex/201001/womens-rape-fantasies-how-common-what-do-they-mean?amp), even though they obviously don't want to be raped in real life. That 40% is nothing to the wide variety of kinks and fetishes people have around the world. If you truly believe people should be exterminated for their preferences, you're no better than the people who have killed in the name of their "superior" religion.
I don't think you should be banned for having a different opinion. You should be banned for vote brigading, inciting violence, and encouraging hate speech and in some cases cyber-bullying.
I think you have that mixed up. The right is interested in governing other people's freedom of expression.
There are many who would legitimately think so.
Nice job dodging my question. "Good for society" is allowing people to have whatever fetishes they want, that was my point. A drawing isn't hurting anyone, nor is a book or movie. It's about freedom of expression.
Separate your personal beliefs from what is best for society. Lots of women have rape fantasies and lots of people write books about rape. I guess they should be exterminated too, right?
Anime clubs are everywhere. Unless you live in the middle of nowhere I'm sure you could find one nearby.
Don't talk about my family like that.
No pics?
Lucuio was already really strong (esp on Ilios where you could be out-of-bounds the entire trip back), now he'll be unstoppable.
Same, except with a 980 Ti. Sitting between a 1080p and a 4k.
S2716DG if you want the best bang for your buck, go with the Acer/Asus equivalents if you want IPS and you've got cash to burn.
This is pretty much how I learned it in first grade and it stuck with me ever since.
DTR
2400 DPI, 10 sensitivity in game. 35% scoped sensitivity on widow.
I use wrist aim for large movements and fingers for small ones. I've tried going arm/wrist but it just feels way less accurate.
\*crosses legs\*
Take cover!

(I took cover and went on to live a long and fulfilling life.)
That's racist.
I cried like a man.
It's an Ursa Major!
Where's your logic? It's ULPT, but that magically makes immoral things moral? Most posts here are jokes anyway.
If you want an audiobook enough to dedicate hours of your life to listen to it, then spend five fucking dollars so the author can get something for their months of work.
I mean someone can spend months writing a story, and others can spend weeks producing it and putting it into a good audio format. Your response seems to boil down to "fuck them, I don't care".
Piracy contributes to the difficulty for authors to succeed. Not telling you how to live your life but it's at least something to keep in mind.
The fight itself is great though.
They can fucking have them I don't even care anymore!
I don't know how you can compare collusion allegations to eating McDonald's.
There have been no studies that suggest the physical or emotional pain of an animal is any less than that of a human, despite having less intelligence.
hub
For me VLC only ever tears when I'm using the Android app. Most likely because the phone's hardware has a harder time processing it all at once.
I'm pretty tough but I can't watch this without tearing up.
Or, you know, someone in a wheelchair.
Normally I'd agree, but Berserk fans have been through a lot. Just let them have this.
( •_•) oh no
I have one robe, that I only wear on Christmas morning. I've had it for years.
\*gets spit on\* _"I understand everything now..."_
Finals are over and literally anything sounds better than sitting around.
Set a note/reminder/plan to buy more soap when you're on the last unit.
I commuted about 2hrs each way because on-campus was literally thousands per month. Nearby apartments weren't far off. Fuck all that noise.
I hate when a product calls itself "pro" when it's directed at consumers. I'm looking at you Apple.
I had this mouse, it was great. Eventually replaced it with a G900 which I liked much more.
It's just his art style.
They're slimy and move in ways that are unfamiliar. Humans are naturally averted to things considered "not normal". It explains a lot actually.
It's just a great movie, absolutely worth the watch. Hell even if you hate the writing (which most don't) the soundtrack, art, and animation are also fantastic.
Finally! If you wanna support the industry, then this is a great opportunity because they'll be watching these sales figures closely.

Still a shame the video and subs aren't as good as fan sources. Still worth buying IMO.
Semicolon or period.
\- Michael Scott
They can still change the condition for getting the spray. It just wouldn't match the achievement.
I didn't, and I won't buy games like it or ones from EA. But it's the majority that ultimately matters.
If this pans out you can count on the other states that case to follow suit. Until the feds decide they need to step in.
Unless Mercy gets the ability to wall ride and boop, I don't care. Plus Lúcio is great for close quarters groups.
Wouldn't they die anyway? I don't see a tiger surviving in an empty city.
I'd love an option to search for the top posts within a specific time frame. For example, top posts in the last 3 days.
[Indeed](https://rei.animecharactersdatabase.com/uploads/chars/30030-1572197521.png)
Not enough GameCube controllers in the world.
It also makes your PC lighter
I definitely agree that a scoreboard would be useful for strategy. But I think that it will enable more toxicity, and the cons will outweigh the pros. That's just the impression I get.
Bruh, I just wanna wake up curled in your arms. Knowing you'll always be there for me, knowing there's someone who will always love me... It gives me a reason to live. I love you more than life itself. No homo.
I know. That's why I think medals are causing problems too. Having match stats is important, so at the very least put the medals at the end. Your performance isn't determined by how much damage you're doing, it's determined by whether you're contributing your role properly. Medals don't tell you that.
That would make the "i have three golds don't tell me what to do" mentality way worse. Ever played CS:GO? People treat their scoreboard position like authority.
The WH is deliberately refusing to do their job after a senate majority vote. How can you simplify that to "but russia"?
There are no more Trump supporters that still use logic and reason. Thankfully they seem to be dwindling.
What can we do about it?
https://www.dmv.org/ca-california/voter-registration.php

You need to be a US citizen to vote, no exceptions. What else you got?
When someone starts their counterpoint with "WRONG", I don't know how you can expect any sort of civilized discussion. They are convincing themselves of things that are untrue and avoiding facts because it would force them to make uncomfortable acknowledgements. There's nothing to be gained by talking to them.
Wait, Trump won the election? Shit, you shoulda told me!
Was that a Bayonetta pose?
I too stand around filming people walking near puddles, hoping they get splashed.
Yeah, I didn't mean to say that they weren't beneficial. I was just explaining what I thought was one of the biggest draws.
I was trying to answer your question but I can see that my effort was wasted on a condescending jerk.
I'm more worried about young kids too naive to understand the dangers TBH. Like, single-digit. Especially if they see a video of someone eating the fake tide pod cookie and being just fine.
This question has been applicable for the last 200 years. I look at my 3 year old nephew and think the same thing.
Whatever is popular, trying it out, keeping it or passing on. Also, looking up what has been rated the highest historically for classics.
Vlogging is much more popular among teens and younger. I also find vlogs boring. The question is just addressing the majority.
Use social media and talk to them back. They might be too popular to notice/reply but socializing is a two-way street.
It fills a social hole brought on by anti-social lifestyles. Listening to podcasts is a popular example. Every set amount of time, you can listen to the same people talk about topics you find interesting. Often while listening, I subconsciously imagine myself responding to what they say, as if I was in the room. Another example is watching media where people talk over it like vlogs, video game playthroughs, and commentated sports.

It pains me to admit it sometimes, but outlets like these give me a sense of friendship with total strangers. Plus the fact that social media makes it easy to _actually_ communicate with such people, it feels much more real. I have real life friends, but this gives me a feeling of connection even after I go home and shut the door. To those who don't have a lot of real life friends, it's even more important.
Not new but you should try jelly/jam. Surprisingly, it works well.