I imagine it would get annoying after the 10th person that makes a comment about it.
It's been 2 months, do you have an update on this? I purchased their Machine Learning and Deep Learning classes several months ago in a sale but just started the Machine Learning one last week. I'm interested in buying the others.

[*I'M A MEDIEVAL MAN*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TknF4UODXCc)
I suppose there was nothing he could really do. He didn't really have another ship floating around that would be big enough to carry half of a civilization's population.

Back on the whole breathing thing, We have proof that Thor survived a little bit in space without air leading up to his rescue by the Guardians. He does have other powers above normal Asgardians, but that doesn't rule out that breathing in space might be "normal" for Asgardians. 

We might have more proof in a race similar to the Asgardians being able to breathe in space as well: Loki. Loki is a frost giant. During the end of Ragnarok, you see the refugee ship flying through space with Loki's ship sitting on top. The refugee was pretty high up whenever Thor & Co boarded it. There's a chance that it had broken through Asgard's atmosphere by the time Loki landed his ship and boarded it. After all, we see the Asgardians witness Asgard's destruction from a safe distance before Loki makes his appearance on the ship. There's a chance that Loki left his ship and boarded the refugee ship while it was in space, with no oxygen.

However, Korg and Miek aren't Asgardians. Who knows if they can breathe in space.  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
I never asked for another Dr. Dolittle, but with the cast attached to that movie, I'm excited for it.
But how do we know that Asgardians can't breathe in space?
Half of the Asgardians were allowed to live in the beginning. We saw notable bodies in the opening, but not Korg, Miek, or Valkyrie, so we can assume that they were part of the half that was allowed to survive.

After the Snappening? ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
But how does this spoil Infinity War?
So, Yugi (the main character) wears a necklace that has an ancient Egyptian spirit living in it that happens to be really good at games, named Yami. Anytime Yugi duels anyone, Yami takes over his body to play. Near the end of the first arc, a character that is about to lose to Yami/Yugi puts himself in a position where he might die if Yami/Yugi wins. Yami doesn't back down and goes for the win. Right before he wins, Yugi takes over to stop it because he can't risk someone else's life. This results in Yugi losing.

This leads to a string of duels where Yugi refuses to let Yami out, causing him to play very poorly. Eventually, they reconcile and learn to trust each other, just in time for the final duel against the main villain of that arc.
That's what I'm guessing. I'm guessing that Hulk, despite his simple and childish nature, learned *a lot* during his 2 years abroad. If anything, Hulk probably learned a little bit of self-control and listening to others more.

Banner will learn to *trust* Hulk. It's sort of like Yugi learning to trust Yami during the Duelist Kingdom arc of Yu-Gi-Oh!.
You guys are over here playing third- and fourth-dimensional Chess, and I'm here playing fifth-dimensional Chess by asking "When is Gamora?"
Poor photo editing.
You made a Reddit post for your own Reddit post?
Oh, definitely. She'll most likely play a crucial role in A4, otherwise it wouldn't make much sense why Fury hid(?) her so well for a situation where people are turning to dust.
Eh... Really? I thought the IW choreography was top notch.
The Sovereign isn't the Nova Corps.

Also, James Gunn stated that Adam Warlock wouldn't appear in IW/A4.
Considering that the majority of filming for both IW and A4 were done at relatively the same time, we won't know until A4 comes out. If A4 comes out and there are no scenes similar to this, then it was either fake or from an early cut/outtake.
I'm in Missouri, and I believe that they're illegal here.
It's because this is THE theatrical one with the cast on it that's meant to be promoted everywhere for marketing the movie. There's usually the teaser poster first, then a couple other posters, and then the theatrical poster that theaters post outside, it sometimes becomes the cover of the home release, etc. Outside of a couple of the posters in this lineup (TIH, Doctor Strange), companies like using posters with the cast on it because the amount of people that see an actor on a movie poster and say, "I didn't know X was in this! I'm going to go see it." is pretty high.

That said, the posters in OP's post are all of the theatrical posters, hence the bad Spider-Man one being here.
That part reminded me of Joffrey's choking face in Game of Thrones.
My personal favorite tidbit of 1990's Marvel movie rights is that Michael Jackson wanted to star as Spider-Man so bad that he met with Stan Lee to discuss buying out Marvel. Obviously, the deal fell through.
Depends on when they would have made Iron Man. Riri is an extremely recent character (2016, IIRC).
In the comics, there are all sorts of possessed objects and whatnot in the Sanctum Sanctorum. It wouldn't be as touching as other sacrifices, but I could totally see Wong rolling up with a possessed artifact to trade.
During one of the scenes where Tony and Stephen were arguing, I was expecting one of them to say something like "No shit, Sherlock". Before the movie, I felt that fitting in a Sherlock reference between the two would feel a bit forced, but during those arguments, I think it would have felt in-character.
I never realized how similar Chris Harrison and Jeremy Renner look alike.
Peter Dinklage in X-Men: Days of Futures Past as Boliver Trask, and now IW as Eitri.

Technically, Lou Ferrigno as Hulk in the old TV show, and reprising Hulk's voice in in a few of the movies (Ruffalo took over voicing Hulk in Ragnarok, IIRC).
I highly doubt Wong will die in A4, simply because A) he's Incredibly iconic as Strange's servant/righthand man in the comics, and B) outside of a couple of scenes in IW, he hasn't quite filled that role on-screen yet. I at least want another DS movie with Wong kicking ass and serving Strange.
Yeah, the Iron Spider Suit seems incredibly too high-tech for what Spider-Man usually does everyday. Tony's regular suit is his iron suit, but he never fights street-level criminals.

That said, the Iron Spider suit will most likely make an appearance, probably either being key in the climax or being disabled early on. I wouldn't even be surprised if it ends up having some sort of remote control system similar to Tony's suits, and that plays a role.
Is that Tony? His hair looks... odd at this angle. I thought it might have been Bucky at first.
We have Ant-Man, Cap, and mo-cap Hulk, right? Who's the guy on the far left, by the car? I can't tell if the dots on his coat are for mo-cap or not.
I felt an impact from his death simply because I was sure he was dead this time. I mean, this is *Thanos* - he's familiar with Loki's tricks.

My fiance maintains that he's still alive. He's one of her favorite characters, though, so I think she's in denial.
I'm torn on it. If Hope isn't part of the Snappening and she is alive at the end of AM&TW, then I don't see how she would have a limited role in A4 if she's one of the few heroic characters left.
I'm unsure if it'll be a post-credit scene. Post-credit scenes historically always connect to a future movie. Hope turning to dust isn't connecting to a future movie, it's connecting to a past (release-wise, not chronologically) movie. She'll probably turn to dust, and if it's a mid- or post-credit scene, it probably won't be THE scene that everyone talks about.

I predict that THE scene will be Scott interacting with one of the leftovers Avengers, probably Steve.
I'm having trouble understanding how her body is twisting.

Edit: Wait, is her waist bare? Or is she wearing something that's human skin colored?
Most likely. There have been several series where the final movie in an arc topped the movie before it.

* Breaking Dawn Part II beat Part I
* Deathly Hallows Part II beat Part I
* The Return of the King beat The Two Towers
She didn't confirm that she wouldn't be in A4, she confirmed that she would be in [A4 with a limited role](http://comicbook.com/marvel/2018/02/03/avengers-4-wasp-evangeline-lilly/). However, I subscribe to the same theory that AM&TW will end with Hope turning to dust.

Also, the AM&TW [teaser trailer](https://youtu.be/8_rTIAOohas) has Hope saying, "Thanks to you, we had to run. We're still running." I originally assumed that this was referring to Civil War, but if Scott took a deal to protect his family as said in IW, maybe not?
I was having a mental fight during that scene over if it was the trailer scene or not. I don't know if the trailer scene was an early version of it or they edited out the legs and Mantis (and Drax I think?) afterwards, but it was fantastic.
My personal theory goes back to the Ragnarok prophecy: Loki and Heimdall must die, but Thor will not. So, he saved Hulk instead.
Nah, she likes rewatching the MCU movies with Sebastian Stan.
The gauntlet had, what, 4 stones during the fight on Titan? And the only person on the planet at the time besides Thanos that probably knew how to use the stones properly was Strange? I could totally see the gauntlet coming off, and Spider-Man sort of panic-using it against Thanos, causing major universal problems in the process because he doesn't know how to properly use them.

Also, a note on you not caring that BP/Spider-Man died: your average movie-goer doesn't follow movie news like we do. When the movie ended in my theater, I definitely heard a few people complaining about the end sounding ignorant of future movies that are coming.
My fiance is the same way. I'm not on board with Thanos, but I completely understand where he's coming from and will watch this movie a dozen more times once it hits home release. My fiance? She won't watch it again until A4 is out and Bucky is confirmed to come back to life.
Yeah, but the shot in the trailer shows Banner outside of the suit standing next to the arm. In the movie, Banner never exits the armor before the end. I could totally see that being from an immediate aftermath shot at the start of A4.
It would be hella cool if the Hulkbuster armor nano-teched in like Tony's Bleeding Edge Armor does, but I doubt that was the case. Considering that the Hulkbuster armor was built to handle the Hulk, and Banner was MIA for two years, I wonder how on-top Tony was with updating it.
Can't Thor Bifrost his way there to rescue them as well?

I mean, neither Thor or Rocket know that Tony is there, since no one really knew where Tony & Co went when the ship left Earth, and Rocket didn't know that the Guardians went to Titan after Knowhere. However, does Thor have the all-seeing ability of Heimdall now?
My theater experience for both this and Civil War were like this. There were cheers for the Marvel logo on the opening, cheers for pretty much anyone appearing unexpectedly, when Steve caught the spear, when Quill said "I'm from Missouri" because I'm in Missouri, when Peter Dinklage as Eitri showed up, the flash of Captain Marvel's colors, etc. There were also audible gasps when Red Skull made an appearance.

A lot of people complain about people cheering/clapping during movies, but I really love the feeling of it all whenever you're part of a fandom for a milestone movie during opening weekend. The energy is fantastic.
I wish I was lucky enough to find a gold mine of old data like this. When I was younger, I used to buy up old cartridges of Zelda II in hopes of finding one of the prototype SimCity cartridges.

Last year, there was the redditor that [found a gold StarCraft 1 source code disc](https://kotaku.com/guy-finds-starcraft-source-code-and-returns-it-to-blizz-1794897125) and returned it to Blizzard for an incredibly nice reward.
If you're assuming the person doesn't have an N64, you also have to assume that they don't have an XB1.
I can see that as well. I have a friend that had only grew up watching DBZ and didn't enjoy any other anime. He absolutely *loved* TTGL (so much that he bought a ton of TTGL merch and even got a "Believe in the you who believes in yourself" tattoo).  He's picked up a couple other anime since, but he writes off most of them.

Similarly, I had another friend recently who hates most anime ended up loving One Punch Man, despite it being a giant parody of anime.
I now want to see a version of LOTR where the Ring falls into the volcano, and as Frodo collapses from exhaustion with Sam by his side, he thinks to himself, "How did it all lead to this?", Which then goes to the beginning of Fellowship.
I love TTGL. It's my favorite "beginner" anime. It's incredibly over the top without being *too* bogged down in some common anime tropes. I've been an anime fan all my life, but I have some friends that didn't get into anime until after high school, and TTGL was their "springboard".
This looks hella fun. I have a couple Warlock quests, so I'll be trying this out today.

Curious, how does Bloodreaver perform? I think this is the first time I've seen it run without any of the high-end demons.
I almost couldn't believe that cleavage on Jimmy Kimmel last night.
I wish we had a time frame for that. I've been slightly miffed with Chrome's resource usage recently, but I need a couple extensions for work.
8/8, there's 8 a's.
IMO, that's like saying that if you played a Twisting Nether and then played a minion before the animation for TN started, then the minion should be destroyed by the TN.
*Request Network intensifies.*
According to the admins on the Helbiz Telegram, the first exchange to trade Helbiz will be announced on the 26th (Thursday), and the token will become tradable on that exchange that day.

I'm fully expecting the price to immediately dump once that happens.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think you can even buy it right now. The token is "locked". Idk what's causing the price to change.
You missed the day where it randomly spiked to $144k for an hour on Etherdelta. I shit bricks and immediately stopped what I was doing when I saw that my portfolio was worth $144 million. Unfortunately, it wasn't tradable yet.
Legend matchmaking is based on MMR. Ranks 1-25 matchmaking usually is not, but you still have an MMR. 21000 Legend is actually *extremely* low for Legend, so you two were matched based on a similar MMR.
It depends on the class, but [[Mindbreaker]] shuts it down. There's also Tar Creeper, Saronite Chain Gang, ooze, your class's board clears, Primordial Drake...

I play a Beast Hunter that completely trashes it.
Luckily for you, aggro pally is easy to tech against. If 70% of rank 4 and above is the same deck archetype and class, it should be smooth sailing to legend.

> In this article

Copy and paste! My one weakness!
Legend matchmaking is based on MMR. Ranks 1-25 matchmaking usually is not, but you still have an MMR. 9000 Legend is actually really low for Legend, so you two were matched based on a similar MMR.
A way to imagine this is to imagine that you're physically dropping a card on the table. While the card is on its way to the table, the Battlecry happens, and the card lands. In this case, you're dropping the Bloodrazor on the table, it does its battlecry, it lands, which replaces the old weapon, and then the deathrattle triggers.

This also explains why, whenever you play a minion with a Battlecry minion into a Mirror Entity, the Battlecry triggers, and the opponent gets your version of the minion. If I play an Injured Blademaster into Mirror Entity, the opponent would also get a 4/3.
You have a point. There was a time when Tirion was the correct choice every time. However, you do have a fair amount of early game that can combo with Tarim well.
I don't think you know what "in a vacuum" means. It means all things being equal, with the card by itself, with no other card being used with it.

Consider Voidlord in any other meta where the rest of the K&C cards didn't exist. Voidlord would be a normal and okay card (except for *maybe* the pre-standard metas where [[Voidcaller]] existed).
Tirion, all day, every day.
Well, at least Millhouse is seeing play in Even Pally.

Obligatory AMA question: what's for lunch today?
Voidlord, in a vacuum, is a good card, but it's not OP in the least. You're paying 9 mana for a massive taunt wall.

The multiple ways of getting one early without paying the 9 mana are what allow it to be broken. If a Nerf happens to Cueblock, nerfing Voidlord isn't the correct way to do it.
You make this meta sound worse than the Undertaker meta. You're trolling, yes?
Legend matchmaking is based on MMR. Ranks 1-25 matchmaking *usually* is not, but you still have an MMR. 8000 Legend is actually really low for Legend, so you two were matched based on a similar MMR.
Undertaker and Leper Gnome.
Well, there are... other ways.
Yeah, I see that now, thanks. Seems like a rather important detail to not mention in the console version.
I always forget about the details page, thanks for that. As it turns out, the gem only gives 10% of its effect at 70. I know a lot of things in the console version are somewhat simplified, but I feel like not mentioning the level 70 caveat is a mistake. My fiance has played the console version since it released and had no idea. I only knew because of my PC experience.
I can't craft a +reading gem for you, sorry!
You make the Cubelock meta sound worse than the Undertaker meta.

Oh, my sweet summer child.
> if Sony want to tie it in with Holland's Spider-Man

Lord Feige help us.
This has been my reasoning for why Molten Giant was rotated out. Any giant that can be played in Warlock whose cost can hit 0 with a clear board is OP with Glinda.
I'd love that. A friend and I used to play games where we ran spell decks just to see who could get off a crazier Yogg. I'd love to be able to run it in a Pally deck against a friend with Millhouse so I could cast a crazy amount of Sound the Bells for Yogg.
It's the only one that I haven't finished. I need to change that.
Shudderwock activated the battlecry that gives it taunt/divine shield/lifesteal/windfury if cards have it in the player's deck. He got lifesteal from it. Then, all other Battlecry damage is coming from Shudderwock, so all of that damage is counted for lifesteal.

I never thought of that combo. It's pretty genius, but later Shudderwocks (if it's a bounce deck) would eventually lose the lifesteal.
Oh, my mistake. r/woosh.
Ah, yes, APM Pally, the bane of ladder.

Also poisonous seems... redundant? in this case.
I don't know for sure, but I'd believe it. He was active on Reddit and various other internet communities. I wouldn't doubt it if he had an online game that he stuck with.
[[Mysterious Challenger]]
> 10/10

It wasn't rare for 20/20+ one to come about. Plus, some of the buffing cards were simply good on their own.
> Am I still playing arena?

I'm assuming you quit arena for good after that game.
There's an unwritten rule here: if a spell results in Yogg no longer being on the board, the battlecry ends. This wasn't always the case, but it was changed awhile ago because Yogg was prominent in the eSports scene.
[[Chillwind Yeti]]
[This is my PTSD.](https://i.imgur.com/RHX0m68.jpg)

Edit: I've been going through life for the past several years thinking that Undertaker's nose was his eye, and he was looking directly to the left, so we couldn't see his other eye.
Finally, the Ancient Watcher buff everyone wanted.
[[C'Thun]]
That's pretty great, especially against the boss that could kill the imps for free if you were forced to make a couple bad trades.

The one time I picked discard, I ended up getting a pretty easy win against the Darkness. It makes sense. Azari and the Darkness are both bosses designed to grind you down into nothing, and the warlock quest is endless value against them.
Go give r/CompetitiveHS a browse. The powerful priest decks have mainly been of the Spiteful and Mind Blast variety.
It pains me that Sony is making it into aovie franchise.
If I could wager a guess, I'd say that they're leaving the Hearth for the warmth of the Bonfire.
I feel like this is the easiest aggro meta to tech against since most aggro decks are the same class.
A handful that I like:

* Settlers of Catan
* Quarriors (by Mike Elliott, who has worked on both MTG and Hearthstone)
* Dice Forge (you might notice an RNG theme so far)
* Zombie Dice
* Sushi Go
* Unstable Unicorns
* Sid Meier's Civilization: A New Dawn
* Splendor
* Twilight Imperium
* Firefly: The Game
* Space Hulk
Make Gilneas Great Again!

Edit: I just realized that in the lore, Gilneas closed themselves off with a giant wall...
He didn't. If he did, Donald's would be below the HS tweet, and there would be a line connecting the profile pics.
*I'm Mister T and I'm a Night. Elf. Mohawk.*
That's lame, since Hearthstone itself is based off of a decent fantasy movie. Nothing is original anymore.
Yep. Legend matchmaking is based on MMR. When you're in ranks 1-25, you still have an MMR, but the client *usually* matches you based on rank in those ranks.
I can't find that card.
With arena choices being based on power level now, this is more common than before.
I feel like they get joy by knowing that they made an opponent ragequit. You're feeding them this way.

I don't spam, but I know I get a little sense of satisfaction when an opponent leaves this way.
I've never heard of WoW before, but the pauldrons look fine here. If you took the pauldrons away, the head would still look proportionally odd.
Yeah, same goes for C'thun, early N'zoth decks, etc. You're required to build the deck a certain way in order to take advantage of a truly powerful legendary.
This is the first time I've heard someone say that they quit during the realse of Old Gods, an expansion and early meta that seemed well-received by *everyone*.
I hope they remember you.
There's irony in you liking Kingsbane *because* you hate mill.
> Some people just want to watch the ~~world~~ rope burn. :-(

FIFY
To expand upon this a bit, the design team is split into two: an initial design team that comes up with the theme of the expansion, new mechanics, the cards themselves, etc, and a balance team that fine-tunes the cards for release. For most of Kraken/Mammoth, whenever one expansion was releasing, one was in the balance phase and one was in the initial design phase. It seems that they've picked up the pace a bit.

This is also why cards designed to counter other cards *usually* hit two expansions after the initial problem card/deck archetype is released (Eater of Secrets came 2 expansions after Mysterious Challenger, Skulking Geist came 2 expansions after Jade Idol). An exception is Golakka Crawler, which came one expansion after Mean Streets. It seems that Blizzard already suspected pirates would be crazy.
OP mentioned Wild only, so ETC and Mekkatorque.
"The Hearth abandons no man. It shines on us all."

The head proportion seems a little... odd, but otherwise, this is fantastic!
In addition to what u/Kondinator said, suicide hasn't been confirmed. It *sounds* like it was suicide via alcohol poisoning, but no official statement has been released.

Also, "passed away" is usually used whenever someone that was well-liked dies.
Nope! Spellbreaker wasn't played back then. Ironbreak Owl was 2 mana, and that was **the** default silence card.
I know.
I started playing HS during the second week of beta way back in August 2013, so there are a ton of cards then that aren't the same now. From what I remember of the cards that were the same then as they are now:

* Any card that had a buffing aura (Raid Leader, Stormwind Champion, old Blood Imp)
* Stormpike Commando
* Gladiator's Longbow
* Assassin's Blade
* Headcrack

When I started playing, I also thought that Mage was completely broken as a class. However, most Mage spells have had their costs increased since then (except Fireball, which used to be 5 mana). I also got a 3DS around the time that I got my HS beta key. I hated Mage so much that I set my Mii's "greeting" to "Screw Mages". I don't mind the class anymore (except for the occasional Secret Tempo Mage), but I decided to leave the greeting. I travel to conventions and I take my 3DS to do StreetPass, so others are actually seeing that message lol.
The one Blizzcon I've been able to go to so far is 2016, the year where conveniently:

1. Chris Metzen retired just before and didn't attend, and

2. Ben Brode had a much reduced presence at due to his baby being born the same week.

I'm trying to get a Hearthstone desk pad signed by the original 9 heroes' voice actors and Ben Brode, so I'm just a tiny bit salty about that lol.
I thought I was on r/MildlyInteresting for a moment.
I assume this is supposed to be satire.
I don't know what I expected, but I watched a few of that channel's videos and they were amazing. Thanks for that.
Take a look at the subreddit, then. Someone posts about this every 20 minutes or so.
OP's equipped weapon is tiny. The joke is that the Dragonsmith reduced its size, not its cost.
I don't know what's better, Skulking Geist posts or "why am I playing a Legend player" posts.
You're playing against a legend player because legend matchmaking is based on MMR, and 17k is *extremely low* for legend.
I don't know why, but Reno's face with that body posture kills me. Also, I love that you included the horse with Mysterious Challenger.
Yes, as long as you get all of the work done before midnight local time.
*Technically*, Malorne is the father of Cenarius.

Unless the tiger is the love child Malorne doesn't want you to know about.
What's the OTK?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that the lifesteal for elementals effect acts as an aura on the board. Minions don't have it in your deck/hand, only on the board.

For example, if you had a Raid Leader on the board, minions in your hand wouldn't have +1 attack.
Ben wasn't the most involved team member in the last couple of years. It won't be until 3 future expansions from now (first set of next rotation) that we get a truly Brode-less expansion. However, due to his decreased involvement in card design over the last couple of years, it's unlikely that future cards will change much from a design perspective.

Also, unless you're addicted to a game and want the addiction to end, if a game server going down is one of the best days of your life... You might not be leading that exciting of a life.
Shudderwock would activate the Forager's battlecry, possibly giving another Shudderwock.

You technically *could* go infinite as Shudderwock Druid.
Define "from them". Anytime a high profile person like this leaves Blizzard, various Blizzard devs and employees *always* pop up to post/tweet/etc farewell.

Do you mean you want an official company statement? They've never done that for anyone leaving. Not even Chris Metzen.
That doesn't stop people from playing it at high ladder.

Besides, one Control Mage deck with Ice Block still made an appearance at the last world championship.
> profit maximization

Ben was the first person in line that execs went to regarding profit. Brode was less a designer and more of THE executive on the HS team that made corporate decisions. In his goodbye post, he strongly hinted that he didn't like that and said that he'll be happy to get back to creating things again.

If you think HS is expensive, don't pin it on Brode. Pin it on the execs and shareholders (me I guess since I have ATVI stock).
As someone who actually spends a lot of time answering questions here, I'd appreciate this.
I mean, it's incredibly easy to predict what sets rotate during standard. These posts pop up from time to time.
That's not what I said, but I appreciate the input.
I initially doubted this, but it makes sense. Not sure if it's a sign or not, but in the midst of the hundreds of developers and other people in the industry wishing Ben well on Twitter and other platforms, I noticed that Rob Pardo did not. You'd think he would, considering their history, but if Ben was headed to Bonfire, it'd look tacky if Pardo wished him luck.
"an celebrity"
What?
Developers at major companies leave all the time to work on their own projects. The sky didn't fall when Rob Pardo left Blizzard for the same reason. Why would it now?
He hasn't been *heavily* involved in development for a couple of years now.
The amount of mental gymnastics it took to write this post would probably have won an Olympic medal.
1. K&C has a ton of strong cards and gave birth to Cubelock, arguably the strongest deck in the meta right now, so yes. Witchwood gave birth to  Baku/Genn decks and taunt druid, which are all string right now as well.


2. Well, there's always aggro decks. Aggro decks usually only need 1-2 legendaries (usually Baku, Leeroy, Keleseth, etc).


3. Ben actually had a much smaller role on the team over the last couple of years. He's been less involved in actual design and has been more acting as guidance for the individual design teams within the HS team. HS will be fine.


4. This is ultimately an opinionated question/answer. I think current win conditions are fine. However, I'm a whale that can build any deck and adjust to any meta. YMMV.


5. Activity and community are just fine right now.


6. If you want advice on building competitive decks, I suggest giving r/CompetitiveHS a browse.
Yep. [[Blackguard]].

The pairing of that and Darkness seems... strange, I guess.
Legend matchmaking is based on MMR, and 7000 is *really low* for legend.
[Well, there is this.](https://i.imgur.com/DThFZfn.png) I think there needs to be a playable card, though.
Well he didn't create a new genre, but he definitely revolutionized it. Digital card games existed before HS, but they were usually lackluster. Elder Scrolls Legends, Faeria, Eternal, etc probably wouldn't exist without HS.
[Source](https://us.battle.net/forums/en/hearthstone/topic/20762317811)

> I’m going to help start a new company.
[Well, there is this.](https://i.imgur.com/DThFZfn.png) But I agree, he needs a *playable* card.
That's not Ben Brode. I can tell because he's not wearing a flannel shirt.
Legend matchmaking is based on MMR, and 7000 is *really low* for legend.
He said that he's starting his own company. It doesn't matter what big company you might be a part of, but starting **your own** company is immensely exciting.
Legend matchmaking is based on MMR, and 7000 is *really low* for legend.
Skelemancer saw play last fall in some Pally and Priest variants. The rest are garbage, though.
My one regret in life is that the one Blizzcon I've been able to attend so far was Blizzcon 2016: the first one that Chris didn't attend since his retirement, and the one that Ben skipped since his baby was born the same week.
Ben Brode just announced his departure from Blizzard. Blizzcon really won't be the same now. :(
Ben Brode did monumental things for this game and the community as a whole.

He set a new benchmark for how dev/community discussion and communication should work. Anytime something changed in the game, he was willing to talk about it.

Hearthstone sees sweeping changes from time to time. Some are controversial. A lot of people hate the occasional change. However, it's impossible to deny that Ben always cared for the game and wanted it to be the best that it can be.

He fit in incredibly well with the community. He understood the memes, and he occasionally took part in them. We will miss the incredibly handsome face, the flannel shirts, the laughs and the raps.

My one regret is that the one Blizzcon that I was able to attend, 2016, was the year that he didn't have a strong presence at because of his newborn.

I hope that I can speak the community in saying that he will be missed and that we wish him well in his next endeavor. He'll always have a place at the card table.
Animations aren't done. There will be 7 or less on board at the end.
Shortly before Un'Goro launched, I had play weapons, play pirates, win warrior games.

I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy that string of wins.
Last I heard, the estimated date for the deal to fully close is July 2019.
Asking the real questions.
[Someone already did](https://twitter.com/ChrisMetzen/status/987142828781273088?s=19). It's how I noticed the resemblance in the first place, lol.
The skeleton's just so god damn happy that he has Uther's head.
With the state of the meta right now, this is the last class I expected to see a deletion thread for.
Those are quests that ring in new standard rotations. Everyone gets them, and you can't drop them. Why would you want to? With most regular gold quests requiring wins, did you plan to grind them out in Tavern Brawl?
They're also generally the cheapest decks to craft as well. Current aggro decks usually run Baku/Genn, and/or Leeroy, and/or Keleseth. Most control decks run 3+ legendaries that are staples in the deck, and a few epics.
Considering that HS doesn't have "Tobacco reference" as one of its ESRB content descriptors, this is illegal (at least in the US).
Legend matchmaking is based on MMR. The 6000s is actually really low for legend. So, yes.
The weapon on the left of Rexxar (not the card, the circle) is slightly smaller than usual.
Eh. I sort of like it, but it just seems like standard even aggro Pally with a higher curve.
Got a decklist? That sounds intriguing.
Yep. The last adventure to be released was One Night in Karazhan, which rotated out last week. Standard currently consists of Journey to Un'Goro, Knights of the Frozen Throne, Kobolds & Catacombs, and the Witchwood (and classic obviously).
> there are so few people experimenting with the archetype that you can't get accurate stats.

Yeah, 119,000 games is too few games to consider the data reliable.
None of the adventures are in standard anymore.
With the prevalence of aggro Pally on the ladder right now, there's also a prevalence of decks that are teching to beat it. Whenever a player recognizes that their opponent is a pally, they probably go into the mindset of how to play against an aggro pally.

Because of this, is there a different paladin deck (control, perhaps?) that is strong now that can take advantage of this?
Blizzard announcement wording is best taken at face value. In 2 weeks means 2 weeks later.

Edit: [April 26th](https://twitter.com/PlayHearthstone/status/987015283603750912?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Etweet) was just announced as the official release date.
For a **complete** beginner? Classic.
There have been some *fantastic* Tavern Brawls before. I agree that this one is a good one, but we've had it before and if I had uninstalled HS, I don't think I'd reinstall just for this one.

However, co-op boss brawls? Servants of Yogg-saron tryouts? Sign me up!
The Leeroy artwork was originally done by [Gabe from Penny Arcade](https://www.penny-arcade.com/news/post/2006/08/16/two-things9) for the WoW TCG. He has done [a few cards](https://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/Gabe_from_Penny_Arcade).
I looooove the opening scene in MoS. If that was extended into an entire movie itself, I'd watch the shit out of it.
Dread it. Run from it. My first victory still arrives.
https://i.imgur.com/hzcRC5B.png
If your intent was to show off the golden vegetables, why did you hover over the history to grey everything out?
I'm glad you put arrows around it. I wouldn't have been able to see the minion on the board otherwise.
Not exactly a *couple* of years yet. Release was August 2016, which was 1 year, 8 months ago.

What gives me the "I can't believe it's been that long" feeling is that August will also mark *5 years* since closed beta first released.
This is from the 2013 world championship IIRC? It was more of an invitational than an actual championship because the game was still in closed beta at the time.
He's actually incredibly useful in Even Pally. I run him. A lot of the current decks don't have any proactive spells that they want to cast in the first couple of turns, and he's incredibly strong when pulled from CTA.
Yeah, this is a draw. If it was a ranked game, neither side lost stars.
I found their [website](http://www.hearthstoneschool.org/). The color swirl is actually the school's logo. That's great.
True, but I don't routinely play on mobile, so I don't have some button locations memorized. It's much easier to just subconsciously close an app because the gesture is muscle memory.
FWIW when I'm traveling and trying to get games in for dailies on a busy day and I'm playing on mobile, if I know I'm going to lose a game, I'll close the app instead of conceding because it's a lot more convenient.
Turn 1 2xInnervate to play a 5 mana Sylvanas.
You would have been redeemed if you actually explained your position on the card, and that was true later on. Refusing to explain yourself because you didn't think your position through in the first place is such a cop out.

FWIW, over at r/CompetitiveHS, most of those who have tried the card have said that they feel like it performs at or above their expectations. Besides, we're only a week into the new meta. Not every card's performance is set in stone yet.
This is the first time I've seen someone get mad that their opponent alt+F4'd. Who are you, Goku?
Kripp has complained about Discover, yes, but he hasn't called it a bad mechanic.
Isn't legend matchmaking just MMR?
The funny thing about this card is that it's based on wizards in D&D iconically saying "I cast Magic Missile." However, Magic Missile doesn't miss. It always hits.
This is the first time I've seen someone complain about Discover.
*Cries in Undertaker Hunter.*
Usually, you just copy the deck code. Whenever you open up your collection and go to make a new deck, it'll automatically ask you if you want to import the copied deck code.
I've seen posts about it.
What's the difference between Odd Paladin and Odd Paladin?
I did read your post, hence my explaining of how it most likely works. It would benefit you to read mine.

Consider it in the context of any other minion. take Knife Juggler, for example. Whenever it throws a knife and deals 1 damage, it's dealing the damage itself. You're not dealing the damage. Consider Wild Pyromancer. Its AoE effect is being dealt by the minion, not you. It's the same idea with Tess. You're not actually playing cards from your own hand, are you? Then, why should the cutlasa get buffed?

Also, if my comment made you want to commit suicide, you *might* have a hard time in the real world.

Also, I didn't downvote you. I don't downvote those asking for advice/clarity.

Edit: to your [[Shudderwock]] comment, I just reread the card and realized that the card functions normally with my logic. Let's say that you played 5 battlecry minions, and then Shudderwock. He would do those 5 battlecries. Then, you play another Shudderwock. Shudderwock now does 6 battlecries: the original 5 plus the 6th Battlecry of the first Shudderwock. If you play a third Shudderwock, the original 5 battlecries plus 2 Shudderwock Battlecries happen now. He's never repeating his own battlecries, only those from the cards that you've played.
What I do is that whenever I get a friend request, I'll wait most of a day before accepting. If it was a truly memoral game, they'll message me about it. If not, usually when someone just wants to bash me, they usually don't end up messaging me at all.

Unintended benefit: I have so many random people on my friends list now that I'll get offered an 80g quest every couple of days.
He and his personal guards in WoW are mostly rogue/ninja-ish. They didn't have a ship because they were pirates, they had a ship because it was the best way of attacking Stormwind at the time (also, the ship is a Goonies reference).
To be fair, it's Tess playing the cards, not you. The weapon is only buffed whenever you play cards from another class.
I've been seeing it on ABC World News every other night. I don't usually pay much attention to the news and usually just have it on in the background while I'm doing other things, but being a Missouri resident, I'll stop doing what I'm doing as soon as I hear "Missouri" - and then I realize that it's just more about Eric Greitens.
I'm someone who also struggles with the fear of death. I have no real reason to; I'm healthy and I'm in my 20s. However, my mom has been having benign tumors removed in the last year, and while they've been benign, I think that's what's been putting the thought and fear of death into me. I'm also someone who follows medical science closely, and I subscribe to the idea that [aging is a disease](https://youtu.be/C25qzDhGLx8) that we need to find a cure for.

However, I had a dream a couple of weeks ago where I was in a basketball gym with my fiance, and an earthquake happened. The building was collapsing. The ceiling was breaking apart and was about to fall on us. As it was falling, I laid down and closed my eyes as I waited for death. I felt a sense of calm and peace as the ceiling fell.

This has sort of given me the idea that death is inevitable and no matter what, I'll make peace in the end and be okay with it. On some days, I'm accepting of this and I'm fine. On others, I'm not accepting of this and the shadow of fear lurks in the back of my mind.
Head on over to r/CompetitiveHS.
At the start of the game, the hero portraits are landing in their places. Your starting hand hasn't even done the animation to come out of your deck yet.
"Freezed"
I suggest giving r/CompetitiveHS a browse.
*You come back from destroying them all.*

"Oh! I can tell you have some new stories tonight!"
OBJECTION!

Aggro counters Shudderwock.
But the opponent's Voidlords/Lackeys could also be at the bottom of the deck.

You can also silence the Lackeys. If you're willing, you can run an ooze for the weapon.

You make the matchup sound impossible. It is not.
It does if you run silence.
I should not have read this thread after going through the "cards translated into several languages" threads.
I like how there's 8 different translations of "battlecry".

Also, I lost it on Lifedrinker.

Well done, OP.
*Cries in Undertaker Hunter.*
What, there being more than 7 minions on the board? Yes.Not all of them will be there at the end of the battlecry, and you've played other Wocks before the first one has finished.
[You're right. ](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Baron_Ashbury_(tactics)) My mistake.
Is Godfrey really a problem right now? I've climbed ranks 13-3 since the expansion hit, and out of the multitude of Cubelocks I've faced, I've only seen Godfrey twice.
It's mercy.

It's a reference to his WoW storyline. When he's human, he turned against Gilneas once he learned that the people were afflicted by the Worgen curse. He would kill afflicted humans, genuinely believing that he was doing them a favor. He was eventually killed, and then raised was an undead/Forsaken.

He was a boss in the revamped Shadowfang Keep. IIRC, he would occasionally damage everyone. He has an interesting ability called Stay of Execution, here he would reduce everyone to 1 health, and then start healing them. You got an achievement for interrupting the heal before any healing was done.
Ah, it was 1 mana, not 2. my mistake.

Yeah, in closed beta, Blizzard began mass-inviting people in December 2013. UTH was changed just before this happened (along with a handful of other changes IIRC, with Mage AoEs being made more expensive, Defias Ringleader being made more expensive, Edwin Vancleef losing stealth, and Wrath/Starfall no longer able to hit face). As a result, most player's don't know of the original original UTH/OTK Hunter unless they played in early closed beta or watched a streamer who did.

I lucked out and won a beta key during the second week of HS closed beta in August 2013. I spent most of my beta time playing Ramp Druid and OTK Hunter. I kind of miss those times.
[This thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/competitivehs/comments/8co57a) may be a better place to ask.
You title this like this is something players have asked for for *years*.
I *almost* feel like you're trolling because of the cards you chose to represent MTG.

C'mon, at least pick *good* card artwork  [like this](https://i.imgur.com/U2yU5ws.png).
> iirc they weren't originally made for hearthstone, but for some other WoW based card game.

The comment chain you're participating in literally started by saying Gabe originally did the art for the WoW TCG.
I think that middle card is a reference to the OTK Hunter deck from closed beta. A lot of players probably don't know about it if they didn't play or follow the game then.

Unleash the Hounds used to be ~~2~~1 mana: give all of your beasts charge and +1 attack. Starving Buzzard was its original 2 mana 2/1. The deck consisted two of each of those, plus a lot of weapons and stalling cards (traps, Eaglehorn Bow, Multi-shot, Explosive Shot), Kill Command, Animal Companion, and lots of 1-2 mana beasts (Young Dragonhawk, Timber Wolf, Dire Wolf, Bloodfen Raptor, Scavenging Hyena).

Basically, you stalled the game until you had at least 1 UTH, Starving Buzzard, and a couple of beasts. At a certain point, you played Buzzard, enough beasts to draw more beasts and fill the board, and played Unleash the Hounds. All of your beasts gained charge and +1 attack (or +2 if you had a second copy) and you went face for the win.

It was a combo that was easy to pull off. Most of the time, you didn't need certain beasts; you just needed beasts. If you did draw certain beasts, it was an OTK from 30. However, because of the Hunter's hero power, if you weren't against a Priest, Druid, or Warrior, you got your opponent pretty low already and any combo of beasts could finish them off.

This lead to the first UTH change in December 2013: it became its current effect at 4 mana. It wasn't played anymore, so Blizzard buffed it to 2 mana. Then, it was too strong, and it was nerfed to its final and current cost of 3 mana.

I really miss that deck. It's what took me to Master 3-star back in the day. Hearthstone was a simpler time then.
Your lack of any experience at all, whether in a vacuum or in a minimum sample size of 25 games, is a good way to have an experience about the card as a whole, sick.
The post directly below this one in new is about infinite Shudderwock. The hot page of the sub currently has a couple Shudderwock posts. The lack of awareness that many people have is beyond me.
As someone who did the rank 3-Legend grind with a control mage running Countess, I disagree.
To win games.
My preferred one is [HS Deck Tracker](https://hsdecktracker.net/).
The artwork was originally done by [Gabe from Penny Arcade](https://www.penny-arcade.com/news/post/2006/08/16/two-things9) for the WoW TCG. He has done [a few cards](https://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/Gabe_from_Penny_Arcade).
HeyguyshowsitgoinKashhirarrianhere.
> this is posted as some stupid aggro player

I'm glad that you've come to terms with yourself.
[[Silver Hand Knight]], [[The Black Knight]]
Didn't one of the devs say awhile ago that HS does that for the first 20-30 games or so for a new player?
Why not play casual, where MMR is used for matchmaking? Especially for a new player like your cousin?
This somewhat reminds me of the posts from beta about how dumb it was that a druid couldn't hero power its own enrage minion.
Oh. I thought that was obvious, considering that the coin is a card in hand.
Because they were gifted to you, like Marin, ETC, Mekkatorque, Old Murkeye in pre-standard, etc.
What's the interaction?
You can still obtain Nemsy, yes.
Yes.
"Do you want more content in the game?"
I'm going to need to see evidence of that claim.
Cards from LK/Arfus are considered Death Knight class cards.
They've spoken about inspire in the past. They mentioned that inspire cards were either too weak or too snowball-y, there wasn't a middle ground. That's why there wasn't anymore inspire cards.

However, discover, holding dragons, and elemental synergy all say hi.

I don't mind that not all mechanics get "renewed". After all, every expansion is supposed to have its own theme. Would there be room for a theme if the pool was just full of a mish-mash of cards with old mechanics? Eventually, there's going to be *a lot* of mechanics, and something's gotta give.
Yogg isn't a good board clear because it's not reliable. If you want board clear, I suggest Primordial Drake.
That seems unnecessary. If you're playing "a ton" of Jade idols, you've won the game because your board is filled with big Jades.
Considering its Mana slot, another Applebaum or Spreading Plague.
Lotus Agents seems odd. Are you hoping to hit more Jade cards with it? That's a tall order, considering that they're competing with the full wild pool now.

You have too many one-ofs. Claw, Raven, Greedy Sprite, etc. Also, Yogg doesn't fit in a minion-based deck.
Are you saying that Darius is hitting 0 health before getting buffed? This happens with a couple other minions that have similar buffing effects. Working as intended.
Yu-Gi-Oh just isn't the same with the Japanese VO.
Try [HS Replay](https://hsreplay.net/)? It collects data from a popular deck tracking tool.
*I don't know if this is the right thing to present. I'm just going to guess.*

OBJECTION!

*Oh, the music stopped, good.*

Phoenix explains the contradiction in full detail.

*Of course!*
I mean, still include them in the quests button on the main menu, but I feel like the escape menu has... unused? real estate.
This is wrong, but I am... Impressed?
It's not the best, but it's doable. Low 60s are baaaad decks. 70s are good decks.
I sort of wish quests were in the escape menu. Then, you could check them while in a game (or on any other screen).
> Deck tier score: 67.3

Oh please, I watch Kripp.
> Genn only synergizes with the paladin and shaman hero power.

As someone currently laddering with Genn Handlock, I disagree.
Needs more jpeg.
Uh, I'm sorry, but as a fellow data scientist, you're saying that the presence for a pattern is evidence of stability? That's not true at all. Random means *completely random*. If a pattern emerges, it *can and will* form by chance.
You call it bad. They call it *thinning their deck*.
Are you sure that someone overruled it, or were they up against a deadline?
Skies of Arcadia is so fucking cool. I played a lot of RPGs growing up, and this is one of the few that had a world that really stuck with me. Exploration was just so cool. Everything about the sailing, ship maintenance, battles, having a crew, bounties, etc. Every area you visited felt unique. Eventually, you unlocked going higher/lower, and that allowed for so much more.

I fired up the GameCube version recently (never had the Dreamcast version growing up), and.. idk, something about it didn't age well and I didn't stick to it that time. I think the movement when walking around felt somewhat clunky and the lack of camera controls when walking around was a little frustrating.
I played through Shenmue as a kid years ago. I spent way too much of my money on canned coffee and toy figurines from the vending machines.  I played through it again last year and.... found myself, once again, buying a lot of coffee and toy figurines.
I actually liked working at the docks. In sort of an ironic way, it made me feel like the game had more freedom than it normally showed.
I've played since closed beta and I'm not F2P, so I have all of the classic cards. I usually give them to my friends who don't invest much.
I was always a fan of fatigue deck variants. I played a version of Tiger fatigue in early K&C. It did okay for the time. I miss the old LoE-era fatigue Druid.
I am a bit curious as to what new Druid can do, but I have golden druid already, so I'm trying to focus on other classes.
I mean, it doesn't appear that you're playing against a meta deck, either.
Physical copies of Blizzard games/expansions usually come with 3 of them. They're only ever for classic packs though, so I end up giving most of mine away.
A **Legendary** with a battlecry of dealing 3 damage to all minions being its only effect sounds... pretty boring.
> I thought Yogg'Saron would be the hands down most frustrating card to ever be added to the game.

*Bring out your dead.*
They were rewarded to you for free, not from packs.
Yo dawg, it's Friday the 13th. It's the one day I get to open deominic portals. Cut me some slack.
I'm finding the opposite. I feel like I'm making Rogues and Mages run out of steam. I haven't lost to one yet. Warlock is a race to kill them before they get a good DK off.
You see, I'm a man of culture, so *I* hope for Hemet Nessingwary.
I suppose Death Grip...

 ( •_•)>⌐■-■

...was a *claw that could catch.*

(⌐■_■)

*YEEEEAAAAH*
So it's like the Seal of Orichalcos?
Finally, a use for my golden Glinda!
r/dataisbeautiful
> totally random

> Ranked mode

You had my curiosity, but now you have my attention.
*Loads up LoE-era fatigue Druid with pre-nerfed Explosive Sheep.*
This topic came up last year as well. The [Year of the Kraken](https://i.imgur.com/kszRdB8.png) dial didn't have a Mammoth on it. The [Year of the Mammoth](https://i.imgur.com/0vtoems.jpg) dial has similar images to the Raven one, but as you can see, the dial didn't actually change.
The name "Silver Hand" actually refers to a Titan watcher named Tyr. Tyr was a bastion of justice and kindness. At one point, Tyr lost his hand in battle (against a massive protodrake named Galakrond, IIRC), and he replaced it with a silver hand. At another point, Tyr falls in battle protecting his friends and followers. His followers, a Vrykul clan, settled around where his hand fell. Eventually, a Paladin order formed that followed the teachings/ideals of Tyr, named the Silver Hand.
The pity timer is 40, average 20. You got the allowable bare minimum. Math checks out.
I think I know why.

You know how, whenever you open up a deominic portal, demons *always* come out? It's just a fact of life. Even if you haven't seen any demons in ages, you know that if you open up a demonic portal, those imps will *always* come out. It's just what they do.

However, you know how sometimes you go fishing, and you don't catch anything? All day, no bites? That's ice fishing. Maybe it's too late in the season. Maybe the Murlocs have migrated elsewhere. Who knows.
It launches 2 weeks from now.
> Tell me anytime a day 1 op deck survived until the next one.

Pirate Warrior, Jade Druid.
[You could at least credit the deck creator and link the guide.](https://www.reddit.com/r/competitivehs/comments/8bvvr5)
*Fun isn't something one considers when balancing the meta, but this does put a smile on my face.*
I'll be honest, I was never a fan of the Dryads in WC3. I didn't like the hero in HotS. I already find the new HS hero somewhat annoying.

I love me some good pixel art, though. ♥️
There's a couple caveats to legendaries:

* You are guaranteed a legendary in your first 10 packs of a new expansion.
* There's a pity timer of 40 packs. If you open 39 packs without getting a legendary, you'll get one in your 40th pack.
* On average, you get a legendary around pack 20.

77 packs (from the OP) would have given 4ish legendaries on average, and 2 legendaries minimum.
That's better than average, which would have been 4ish legendaries for that amount of packs.
> cardio

Yeah, for a big guy, he works out pretty well.
I don't get it.
This. It reminds me of when people used to complain that the 1/1 ghost spiderlings that came from Haunted Creeper weren't classified as beasts.

Ghosts aren't technically beasts.
> hold up in a room after shooting a cop and bleed out in the bathtub."

A very similar situation happened at the hotel my fiance worked at a year ago. I almost thought you were referring to the same incident. That incident made her quit that job and find a much better one.

That was a scary time. My local news happened to be covering it live while I was at home and she was at work there. That was a nerve-wracking couple of hours before she texted me that she was okay.
**Witchwood Pack Stats**

Total packs opened: 267 between Amazon coins, the preorder, and gold.

* Commons: 947, found in 100% of packs
* Rares: 309, found in 97.4% of packs
* Epics: 67, found in 23.6% of packs
* Legendaries: 12, found in 4.5% of packs

-

* Golden epics: 5
* Golden legendaries: 1

######Missing: 

* 10/54 epics, or 18.5% missing
* 10/23 legendaries, or 43.5% missing

-

* Dust gained from dusting duplicates: 8095

-

* Longest streak without an epic: 8
* Longest streak without a legendary: 34


Overall, a "meh" expansion launch opening for me. Definitely wasn't my best. Could have been worse, though.

[Source stats](https://i.imgur.com/qe0zaQ5.png)
4-mana 7/7 is a meme that originated in HS.
I'm a simple man. I see a reference to my favorite Simpsons episode, I upvote.
Hearthstone isn't a niche game. There are so many high-quality pictures of the cards on the Internet now. The fact that OP managed to find such a low-quality version of Ysera, a *classic* card, is amazing to me.
During the Undead campaign in Frozen Throne. IIRC she doesn't possess anyone herself directly, but she commands her banshees to possess *a lot* of people/creatures. Her card effect being possession is definitely a trait/flavor of her.
I'm so glad that the HS development team is a team of paid professionals.

> First, i might be completely wrong and not remembering something, but when does sylvanus ever possess anyone... aside from herself...

You should play Warcraft 3 sometime. It's a fantastic game.
> just spam whatever they have in their hand and won't concede at all when I have obvious lethal

Sounds like they're completing quests to me.
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ I haven't seen Fanboys. I thought the dialogue for RPO was pretty decent.
I'll make Legend occasionally whenever my friend is active for a season and wants to race to Legend, but I usually stop at ranks 3-5 every month.

I mainly play control decks. I mean, a stellar Tempo Mage opener is *bad* to play against, but the secrets don't quite shut down a control deck like they do against midrange/other board-based decks.
IMO, those who call this recent meta "terrible" didn't play during the Age of the Undertaker. I mean, this meta was pretty meh, but I rarely had a game that I felt was unwinnable based on the first two turns.


If you're on mobile, there are a plethora of apps that don't display the subreddit's CCS, making for better viewing on mobile. My personal favorite is Sync for Reddit.
I'll take "Random Mentions" for 1200, Alex.
Makes sense, it never goes to your hand, thus you never identify it.
The GvG release was great because they activated the cards for Arena a few days early. I wish they would do that again.
Off topic: Colbert is great, but Letterman is something special. I'm enjoying his Netflix show.
I'm the same way. I'm mainly a control player, and I remember getting incredibly hyped with the amount of control and late-game cards that were revealed for that set. The Old Gods themselves were such amazing cards. We had a ton of deck diversity for a couple of months. C'thun was a really innovative mechanic that gave rise to a couple competitive decks at the time without feeling overpowered.

We shall never see their like again... And now their watch is ended.
OP quit 3 expansions ago. Undertaker Hunter was 10 expansions ago.
I'm barely an arena played (I only play ranked and I watch a lot of Kripp), so I'm not great at rating arena decks lol. I recommend [HearthArena](http://www.heartharena.com/) for rating arena decks.

Good luck!
Good question. Usually, theres no server going down. You could arena right through the expansion activation. There's always posts of people being mid-arena game and having random card effects give them new expansion cards.

However, they usually don't do an arena reset with expansion launches. Does anyone know how it went down with Un'Goro launch? I would imagine that the arena reset occurs right when the expansion hits, but I don't know for sure.
Ah yes, classic Hearthstone. It was a simpler time then, featuring the likes of Ramp Druid, OTK Hunter, Inner Fire Priest, Control Warrior, Molten Giants Warrior, Handlock, token Paladin, Control Paladin, Miracle Rogue, and whatever archetypes Shaman and Mage had.
In honor of our fallen brother.

*mgrlllmgrlrrr*
Define "fair".
Reminds me of [this comic](http://www.1d4rounds.com/uploads/9/7/0/6/9706201/1445766_orig.jpg).
Or, you can continue on with your daily life and just monitor Reddit/Hearthpwn/your streamer of choice.
I feel like Blizzard has an issue with people hoarding vouchers to dump during an expansion launch. I certainly would be. I guess they could implement a voucher cap or make you redeem it on the spot, though.
I go to conventions. I happened to go to A-Kon in Fort Worth last year. Matt Mercer is there every year.

I went to BlizzCon a couple years ago, which would have been a perfect time to get signatures. I bought the poster there, but didn't think of my plan until after I got home, though. :(
I have the bottom one! I plan on having each hero signed by the voice actor that voiced them. I only have Matt Mercer for Rexxar so far, though.
I would assume so. You're essentially playing a card/casting a spell each time, and Cho triggers each spell cast.
The new iPad doesn't come with the pencil, but it is compatible with it. The compatibility is newsworthy because, before this iPad, the pencil was only compatible with the iPad Pros. A "budget" iPad being compatible with the pencil is pretty big.

The first Chrome OS Tablet will be [Acer's Chromebook Tab 10](https://www.theverge.com/circuitbreaker/2018/3/26/17157444/acer-chromebook-tab-10-first-chrome-os-tablet-announced) that was announced a couple weeks ago. However, I just learned that yesterday, HP announced [its own Chrome OS tablet](https://www.theverge.com/circuitbreaker/2018/4/9/17208064/hp-chromebook-x2-chrome-os-tablet-detachable-keyboard-stylus).

I'm in the same boat. After I realized that the Android tablet market was dying (and Google wasn't going to give me another generation of Nexus tablets), I started looking at Chomebooks that could flip into a tablet. I bought an Acer R11. It's nice and I really like it, but it's *not* a tablet.

I think Chrome OS is the perfect OS for a tablet. Let's hope that these new Chrome OS tablets are the heralds of a new generation of "Android" tablets. I'm personally hoping for Google to announce a new Pixel tablet at I/O next month.
In terms of WoW lore, no class is really a "dragon class" outside of Druid having ties to the Green Dragonflight and Mages having ties to the Blue Dragonflight.

That said, Emeriss was one of the early class legendaries that was revealed. Once she was revealed, I speculated that all four Nightmare Dragons were being added to the game, with all of them being class legendaries. That ended up not being true. I assume that Emeriss was added as a Hunter card due to how hunters (and Paladins) could solo some world bosses back in classic WoW.
0/10, not a Cursed Blade.
I got the HD 8 32gb during the Prime Day sale back in July, and I only got it because of the sale.

There are better tablets out there undoubtedly, but nothing beats the price point of the Fire tablets. If you're looking at a tablet for HS and you're only thinking of getting one because of the price, then you can't go wrong with it.

I'm an Android enthusiast, but the Android tablet market is dead, and that's why I got a Fire during the sale to replace my aging tablet. I'm personally looking at an iPad Pro after WWDC in June, but that's because A) iPads can now play Civ 6, one of my other favorite games besides HS, and B) I plan on working on it whenever I'm traveling. That's *a lot* more than just playing HS.

If you're not limiting yourself to the sub-$100 budget, there are other options that can do a bit more than just play HS and stream movies. There's a new $300 iPad. The first ChromeOS tablet just released, and there will probably be an influx of more ChromeOS tablets in the next couple of months (I'm guessing after Google I/O in May).

However, if you want a tablet just to play HS and you're looking at the Fire tablets because of the price, you literally can't go wrong with that choice.

Also, I should add that I've used both a Fire 7 and a Fire 8 in the past. In case you're considering the Fire 7 instead because of the price, the extra inch of screen that the 8 adds is actually *incredibly* nice and I'd take the 8 over the 7 any day.
I have an HD 8  and it runs Hearthstone great.

That said, in terms of the 16gb version: you're not actually getting 16gb. Due to how much space the OS takes up/reserves, you only have about 11-12gb.

I personally left 16gb tablets behind a few years ago because I mainly load games on my tablets and I didn't want to go through the extra trouble of buying/managing an SD card, and there's the occasional app that doesn't run on an SD card. However, if you're only using the tablet for HS, it should be fine.
It should be noted that the "use Google Pay 5 times" portion of this can only be used if you haven't used Google Pay (formerly Android Pay) before.

Alternatively, You only get the credit when inviting a friend whenever the friend makes a purchase with Google Pay.
> Gravekeeper Damph

I used to speedrun Majora's Mask. I thought my Dampe nightmares were over!
Hey, Savjz! What's for lunch today?
Do you play Wild? If yes, don't disenchant your rotating cards. If no, disenchant your rotating cards.
I feel like Witchwood is a great example of this. There is a Witchwood in WoW, but it's just a tiny questing area filled with Harpies. HS's Witchwood feels both original and Warcraft-y. Sure, they probably could have called the expansion Duskwood or name it after one of the Lordaeron zones, but they didn't.

We still want to see WoW's greats in HS (the Lich King was requested for a long-ass time), and that's great. However, getting *original* content in Hearthstone is hella refreshing.
Even if they were planning this, they just missed the perfect expansion to introduce a graveyard mechanic (Frozen Throne).
They tend to move cards to the Hall of Fame that are either A. played in a huge variety of decks without being too strong (Azure Drake, Sylvanas, Rag) or are problematic to an ever-changing meta (Ice Block). To say that they should move the entire set to wild is a bit... uncalled for.
It's Impossible to give an answer without knowing literally anything else about your collection.
One of us! One of us! ONE OF US!
How can you leave out the League of Explorers?!
[Hearthpwn currently has them up.](https://www.hearthpwn.com/news/5480-patch-11-0-witchwood-flavor-text-new-quests)
How is caves more fitting?
Okay, I have to be honest. I'm a budding Twitch streamer as well. I understand that growth is hard. I also understand that various subreddits are great resources for beginner Twitch streamers.

Why, oh, why do so many  new streamers **don't read the rules of a subreddit before posting their stream?** I feel like it's common sense to read the rules of a subreddit before making a post, especially one as big as a self-promotion post. You're burning bridges by risking a potential ban by not taking the 30 seconds that it takes to read the rules.
In some parts of the world, yes.
So, there's two major game formats: standard and wild. Standard only consists of the classic/basic sets, and the last 1.5-2 years' worth of expansions. Wild consists of every set of cards ever released.

The standard rotation happens once a year, in the spring. Whenever it happens, the 3 oldest expansions are rotated out of standard to make room for future sets. This time, Whispers of the Old Gods, One Night in Karazhan, and Mean Streets of Gadgetzan are being rotated out of standard.

Those cards will still be playable in wild ranked and wild casual. If you have no interest in wild, you can disenchant them for dust.
You'll only be compensated for the classic cards that are being moved to the Hall of Fame/out of standard. Those are Ice Block, Molten Giant, and Coldlight Oracle. You won't be compensated in any way for the other cards moving to wild.
The patch should hit later today. Patches hit for all of Blizzard's games routinely on Tuesdays.
I'm particularly going to miss the Old Gods sounds. The early WoTOG meta was amazing.
Wickerflame still had its uses in aggro matchups from Stonehill.

Warrior loses Public Defender and Bloodhoof Brave, which is *probably* good.

Everyone loses Psych-o-tron, Bog Creeper, and Infested Tauren, which may hurt.
We still have nightmares of Undertaker Hunter.
There will most likely be no interaction. DK Valeera's hero power only "activates" at the start of your turn as it is passive.

Edit: you can already test this with Auctionmaster Beardo and maybe Garrison Commander.
Because actual D&D is less about the dungeons and more about the *adventure*. Not everything in D&D happens in a dungeon.
By definition, in-app purchases are microtransactions.
Good bot.
I thought the topic was Blizzard-developed Switch games? That's not Pokemon TCG.
> Of all of Blizzard’s games, the one that is best suited for the Nintendo Switch is Hearthstone.

I think D3 is better suited for the Switch than HS is. Console D3 doesn't require internet and is better suited for the pick-up-and-play idea that the Switch has.
I always thought that [[Silver Hand Knight]] was black.

Also, you're forgetting about [[The Black Knight]] and [[The Darkness]].
~~Because charge =/= rush? A minion with charge can still go face.~~

Edit: OH, you mean [[Charge]].
Thank you! I needed this *for science*.
If it's any consolation, the Critical Role episode that was a K&C promotion with Blizzard took place in a cave near Lakeshire.
It's a play on Dungeons & Dragons. That's why all of the cards are RPG related.
There's actually a case to be made for the word "instead":

Consider Ice Lance. The card states that, if the character was already frozen, then don't freeze it and instead deal 4 damage to it. Now, if you remove the word "instead", there's the implication that you're freezing the character a second time and dealing 4 damage to it. why would freezing a character twice in one turn ever matter?

Consider Moorabi. Moorabi states that every time you freeze a minion, add a copy of it to your hand. Let's say you Frost Bolted a minion. You gain a copy of it. You use Ice Lance on a frozen minion. Without the word "instead", you freeze the minion a second time, get another copy of it, and then deal the 4 damage.

Overall, it'd probably be best if Snap Freeze also had the word "instead", but the card is probably coded as an if/else statement that just checks to see if the minion is frozen.
If you have one of the cards going to the Hall of Fame in your collection at the time of rotation, you get dust for it. You'll get dust for up to 2 copies of each card. If you have golden cards, you'll get their worth in dust instead of the non-golden cards. You'll still have the card.
Who needs sleep when the souls of an entire ancient civilization live inside of you.
[Yes.](https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/7ut37a)
Preorders have been open for weeks and you just now want people to not preorder?
> You hear [he howls] and now all your humans are worgen.

I need a clip of u/bbrode howling like a wolf now.
> that plays well in this meta.

This Meta is only going to be around for a couple more days.
Judging from the history, are you sure your opponent just didn't play 2?
No, old friend, you've freed us all.

*Roars in Orcish.*

Edit: just realized that you even used Grom to finish the boss. This seems most appropriate.
I pre-ordered through the client using Amazon coins. The preorder is done through the store just like any other card pack.
Reno's effect isn't a targeted effect. A targeted effect is an effect where you choose the target, or the target was already random (IE [[Flamecannon]]). Reno ALWAYS heals your face.
If you want some competitive help, I suggest giving r/CompetitiveHS a browse.
Card rarity is never an indication of how "good" a card is. Epic is *usually* reserved for cards with gimmicky/clever effects. Case in point: [[Renounce Darkness]].

That said, Hunter is a class that already has a lot of good removal already. Toxic arrow is a bit too niche and doesn't work well on its own.
I doubt this.
I did some Googling. A year ago, China ordered any company selling lootboxes for real money to disclose item chances. Blizzard implemented buying digital currency to "buy" lootboxes in HS/HotS/OW last June in order to circumvent this. However, before that, they disclosed item chances for all three games in China. This seems... odd, considering that the purpose of the digital currency was to avoid disclosing item chances? Unless there's another aspect of the China law that I'm missing that the digital currency also circumvents.
At this point, I won't be surprised if someone posts two vanilla minions with the homework joke.
Why did you black out the card history?
Because it's the first set of a standard rotation, right after a lot of cards were rotated out.
I think that Paletress is my new waifu.
My mistake. I knew the China policy was put in place, but I thought Blizzard was implementing a workaround in China where you bought a different digital currency to buy packs. I see the rates now, thanks.
This exists, it's called casual. Or, I suppose, you could just climb to a rank floor.
Do you have screenshots of this?
Contacting Blizzard or messaging the [Blizzard Careers Twitter account](https://twitter.com/BlizzardCareers?s=09) would be a better option than asking on Reddit.
I don't get it, why is this a bad play? The card target cards in deck, not the hand. There's no chance of getting the Coin.
There's a neutral card that already has big synergy with the deck, Countess Ashmore. Not sure if more weapon/minion tutor is what the deck needs, though.
That's it, my D&D players are fighting Doggolds next weekend.
Also, is it just me, or is the spacing around the apostrophe in "minion's" a bit weird?
I'd prefer the ability to select multiple mana crystals at once at the bottom.
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ Blizzard has never officially released the numbers for rarities, but we have the data of millions of packs opened over the last few years.
I... didn't say that? Yes, we may suspect what the cards are, but Blizzard hasn't **officially** revealed those cards.

Also, people are acting like there's [never been any fake leaks in the history of Hearthstone](https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/2leslu/leaked_deathknight_picture_at_blizzcon/).
You are guaranteed a legendary in the first 10 packs of an expansion. This is not time-sensitive.
There's going to be a Paladin and a Shaman deck. Those two are the two classes that haven't had their last legendaries shown yet. After all, Brode said that the shaman card would be something that players would "lose their minds about". Why not show off such a cool card on stream?
I typed what I said with that in mind. After all, players usually don't mind waiting ~10 hours or so to make sure that they're making the right choice.
I sort of prefer that it's random. If you could choose one, you'd probably have a lot of players that would wait until the evening of the first day to choose their legendary, based on whichever streamer with whatever deck happens to be doing well that night.

With the card being random, at least there's *some* diversity and creativity happening there.
Have you tried contacting Blizzard CS?
Have you considered a [pack-opening simulator](https://www.hearthpwn.com/packs/simulator)?
you're right, Wild is quite unforgiving for new players who don't have all of the expansions. However, with standard, whenever a rotation happens, if you have no plans on playing in Wild or don't care about Tavern Brawl much, you can just dust your old cards for arcane dust to make new cards.
Why so?
You could also make a new account and play against yourself.

You could also level that account and earn Morgl for your main account.
I guess since you're completely new, you may not understand what "standard" is:

The game has two main formats, Standard and Wild. Standard consists of the Classic/Basic cards and the last 1.5-2 years' worth of expansions. Wild consists of all expansions that have ever been released, dating back to 2014.

The standard rotation, where the oldest 3 sets of cards are rotated out of standard to make room for the next year of sets, happens every spring. It's actually happening a couple days from now. Whispers of the Old Gods, One Night in Karazhan, and Mean Streets of Gadgetzan will rotate out. Journey to Un'Goro, Knights of the Frozen Throne, and Kobolds & Catacombs will remain in standard for another year. Witchwood will be the first new expansion, which releases in a few days as well.

Obviously, the rotation completely upsets the meta, and it'll take a couple weeks for the top decks to be known. That said, the one thing that will always be constant is that classic cards will always be around.
As a new player, you want to focus on building a good classic collection first. This is the set that is the "base" set of the game that will never rotate out of standard.

That said, the standard rotation is about to trigger with the expansion launching in a few days. I would hold off on buying any packs that aren't standard (and Witchwood I guess) until we start seeing what decks will be good.
Why... why is this here?
What?
As someone who does dailies while working and ends up roping on about half of my turns:

No.
For US players, deadlines in local time:

* Pacific: Monday night at 11:59 pm
* Mountain: Tuesday morning at 12:59 am
* Central: Tuesday morning at 1:59 am
* Eastern: Tuesday morning at 2:59 am
This. It was late when I typed this and I spent a few minutes trying to think of the correct word. Thanks!
*Laughs in Brave*
> She also tried to force me to write with my right hand even though I'm left handed.

My school did this as well. In kindergarten, I was required to have these [rubber grips](https://i.imgur.com/acyE16b.jpg) on my pencils to teach me how to write right-handed. 20 years later, I write with my right hand, but I do *literally everything else* with my left hand. I can't write with my left hand very well, so I didn't end up inadvertently being ambidextrous, sadly.
*Spits out beer*
Yeah, I only see a giant. No bugs.
Any card from the Whispers of the Old Gods, One Night in Karazhan, and Mean Streets of Gadgetzan expansions are rotating out of standard.

Additionally, the classic cards Ice Block, Molten Giant, and Coldlight Oracle are rotating out of standard as well.
Yes. The event ends at 11:59pm Pacific that night.
MFW there's a Macy's sale going on.
$Red stories are slowly becoming some of favorite stories here.
I'm imaging your ~~hypocritical~~ stereotypical tech with glasses and a white button-down climbing a ladder on the side of a really tall, skinny tower. It's a very windy day. Finally, they reach the top. In this tiny room is a little table with a circa 2000 Compaq desktop on it. The tech uninstall the games and heroically sighs in relief.

Then, right after he climbs down and leaves, a guy in a hard hat casually climbs the tower and puts the CD in the computer.
I totally misread the title as "It's the rooster's fault". The title didn't surprise me, but the lack of a rooster in the story confused me.
A tango?

I just realized that the attack sound for Swashburglar is "A tango?" and not "Uptide girl?". The last 1.5 years of my life has been a lie.
No, it still launches the 12th.

HS expansions historically launch on Thursdays. However, the patch that adds the cards to the game always hits on Tuesdays (usual maintenance time). They probably just turn off the event/trigger the standard rotation/add the unreleased cards to the game all at the same time so they can just flip a switch on expansion day.
Nah, a rogue based around beast synergy will probably never be a thing.
It's a beast versus pirate as well. Being a pirate was a big deal during Year of the Mammoth, but it probably won't mean as much after the rotation.
r/woosh
r/woosh
r/woosh
Mark of the Wild has been around since Alpha, when EVERYONE was new to the game. Mark of Y'shaarj is an expansion card.
There are a couple other examples of odd kerning/orphaning between cards that have virtually the same text, so I doubt it. Especially for a card that's rotating out.
Considering that the sub is run by a group of *unpaid* mods (and it would have to be implemented subreddit-side), this sounds much easier said than done.

Edit: a couple other thoughts:

* I don't think Hearthstone account age could be determined by reading client/server code. I don't know if reading seasonal cardbacks is viable or possible.

*  I don't think there's a way to determine best overall rank by reading client/server code, only monthly rank.
How would this be verified? The mods of this sub are busy enough already.
Any card from Whispers of the Old Gods, One Night in Karazhan, and Mean Streets of Gadgetzan expansions are rotating.

Additionally, Coldlight Oracle, Ice Block, and Molten Giant are rotating out.
Thank goodness you circled the Magma Rager, I wouldn't have seen it otherwise.
364 days.
Ehh this is reaching a little bit.
The orientation of this hurts my head.
Yep, this is why I upvoted it. I like upvoting neat ideas and discussion, but it doesn't necessarily mean that I agree.
[April 9th at 11:59 pm Pacific.](https://playhearthstone.com/en-us/blog/21634714/new-year-of-the-raven-celebration)
Good bot.
Out of curiosity, I turned and asked my Google Home this.

"I do my thinking in the cloud, so I'll be pretty boring offline."
The cosplay ended up going on the back-burner indefinitely. I started shaving this way in November. I started working on the cosplay in December. The convention was in March. However, in January, my fiance ran over a deer, and my car completely died *within 36 hours of each other*. We both have working cars now, but everything pretty much drained all of the money we had set aside for the convention, so we had to cancel.

I still plan on doing the cosplay, but our next convention probably won't be until the late summer/fall, so I've set it aside for now.
> Dr. Pepper and cream soda mixed together.

Wut. Definitely picking some up next week.
Ha, my fiance and I went to California for the first time a couple years ago. We saw it sitting on the side of the 405 near Long Beach I think? It was really cool.
Yep! That's where I went when I wanted to start shaving again. I normally wear a full beard, but I was working on a Doctor Strange cosplay and wanted to get into this kind of shaving to prepare for it.
This is the second time I've seen it used. The first time was when I bought a safety razor recently.
This episode was actually my first episode of House. I didn't care for the show before, but then I saw a commercial for this episode being the next new episode, and I was genuinely curious how she was going to survive. I've loved the show ever since.
> created the miner exploit

Didn't the devs create the exploit?
I'm sad to say that the first time I heard it was from Stukov saying "Insubordinate and churlish" in Heroes of the Storm.

I've seen the original since then, though.
I had an opportunity to see him at Blizzcon 2016. Unfortunately, my fiance and I were super busy every day for a week leading up to the concert, and we decided to skip it because we were barely functioning.

I still think about that decision.
Up until about last SDCC, my fiance swore that Thanos was played by Ron Perlman.
Unless you don't have the Time Stone when Thanos is done with you.
Right? I don't even like the taste of beer (except wheat beer a little bit) and this person would have sold me some if I was at the store.
If the tiger doesn't fully eat the sloth in 15 minutes, the sloth is legally allowed to leave.
I had that experience a few years ago. The first movie came out when I was a toddler. I'm told that I watched 1 and The Lost World when I was young, but the only thing I vaguely remember is the night T-Rex attack in the rain in The Lost World.

Through the years, I obviously knew of Jurassic Park and got the gist of the first movie (a dinosaur zoo opens, shit goes wrong, heroes probably escape), and I knew of the memes ("Life, uh, finds a way", "well, there it is", "clever girl", "spare no expense!"), but I just never saw the movies or read the books. A few years ago, before leaving on a trip, I picked up the two books and read 1.3 of them (got home before finishing The Lost World and got super busy when I got back).

A year later, my fiance and I were planning a trip to California, and Universal Studios was on the schedule. In preparation for the Jurassic Park ride, I binged the four movies. Totally worth it.

But, back to the book. It was a magical read when going in mostly-blind. One thing I did do was that every time I came to a new character, I would Google thst character's movie appearance so that my mental image of them would be "right". I remember being surprised that Arnold was played by Samuel L Jackson.  I remember getting incredibly hyped whenever Grant sees the long-necks for the first time, and just *that* dawning moment for him. I remember how vivid Nedry's death was. I remember thinking how much of a badass Muldoon was, and I liked his backstory. I was convinced that Ian Malcolm was going to die. Malcolm was already my favorite character because I'm studying data science and I could relate to him being a crazy mathematician. Hammond's death was surprising. For me, the most intense scene is whenever most characters are cooped up in a building near the end, and the raptors are learning how to climb the building.

What was truly amazing to me was Creighton's descriptive style of everything. His descriptions of the park and the dinosaurs were fantastic. His descriptions of deaths were almost too much for me. Whenever anyone died, it didn't matter if it was a character that I didn't care for or a character I grew attached to, I simply felt *bad* for them.

I should *really* restart The Lost World...
I remember it very well, too. A few years ago, I hadn't seen the movies, but I read the books for summer reading. I knew that Hammond was monumental in the movies (even though I hadn't seen them). I remember reading his death and expecting him to be saved during it, but it never happened and I was surprised that they later found his *body*.

A year later, my fiance and I were planning a trip to California and we were going to Universal Studios. In preparation for the Jurassic Park ride, I binged all four movies. I remember doing a mental book comparison with the first two movies. The difference in Hammond's character was a little shocking, and I sorely missed the lawyer (my favorite character in the books), but *damn* were they still good movies. I wasn't surprised that Hammond survived the first movie.

I also watched a Trespasser playthrough for preparation. Such high hopes...
My fiance got it for my birthday last year. She got it from Amazon, and it had a "Comic-Con exclusive" sticker on the box. It looks just like yours, though, so I assume that it's the same one.
I have the cans too! I also have cans from the first Thor movie. Most of them were diet Dr. Pepper. It was a necessary sacrifice to get those.

Is Astral Doctor Strange standing on its own? How did you get it that way? Mine tips over at the slightest shake, and sometimes I think it just falls on its own. I can't have it near the edge of a shelf because impact sometimes twists the head.
[Classic Scooby-Doo technically had a new episode last week.](https://youtu.be/r36oNnScA1E)
"Cheaters never win", "violence isn't the answer", etc.
That means the next Comic-Con is late!
I feel dumb, which kids are you referring to?
> everyone involved in the screenplay can go fuck themselves.

Correct me if I'm wrong, but I just saw the movie and I think that the credits said that Ernest Cline was involved with the screenplay.
This is what I've been waiting for. I love Brave and I've made the transition on mobile, but I work online and I reeeaaalllyyy need some Chrome extensions that currently don't have an alternative in Brave. I feel like this will lead to A LOT of people making the transition as well.
What was for lunch today?
Refer to my comment [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/defenders/comments/88oeaf/_/dwn9ztt).
You don't work directly for Google/Apple/Facebook, you go through a contracting company. The popular companies for this are Lionbridge, Leapforce, and Appen. I work with Lionbridge. Their jobs page is [here](http://www.thesmartcrowd.com/about/workers/job-opportunities/). My specific position is maps analyst. They don't seem to be hiring for it right now, though (at least in the US).
A good website? Google, honestly, lol. You're going to want to look at a lot of reputable websites and make judgments yourself. Crypto is so new that it's hard to point at one website and say, "Go learn there."

Investopedia would be good to learn about the coins that are already big (BTC, Ethereum, LTC), but A) it'll have an emphasis on the coins from a financial standpoint rather than a technological standpoint, and B) it won't have info on most altcoins.
A lot of people (wrongfully) treat coins as sports teams. They take opportunities like these to talk all about the good things of their selected coin while ignoring the bad/questionable things. Your thread here is an open invitation to them.

This sub is a good place to start for getting to know a little about a wide variety of coins, but if you truly want to invest into one, you're going to need to do your own unbiased research.

But if this is an open invitation to shill a coin, I'm going to shill r/Gridcoin I guess.
Same here. Half of the time, nothing pops on my phone. The other half, assistant displays on my phone for a second before saying something like "answering on a closer device".
Good bot.
Yeah, that's why I compared it to this lol. Eventually, someone will forget to try to predict the End and we'll all die.
[But what about this post?](https://i.imgur.com/Yqkn65j.jpg)
Your article answers everything for me. IMO the SpaceX images aren't worth a lot anyways in terms of a view of Earth due to half of the image being filled with the booster, but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ . Thanks!
This is going to be like the Reddit button all over again.
Yeah, I agonized over that exam for a week. I've been through college, and that exam was *still* the hardest exam I've ever taken. It took several hours. However, about halfway through it, everything "clicked" and I felt like I was working on it as the actual job and not an exam, and I blew through the last part easily. Good luck!
Curious, what was your position at Lionbridge?
I did the same thing, I created an email specifically to apply to that position. Whenever I was filling out the questionnaire, I wasn't thinking. I thought to myself, "Well, this is the email I created for the job. I'll just put it there." and I put that email in the questionnaire. It wasn't until after I submitted the form that I thought that I should have made *another* email to put there.

A few days later, I got the exact same email again. I assume they resend it to those who didn't put a different email in the questionnaire. That time, I created another new email to put in the form.

I've been working this position ever since. Ever since I put the newer email in the questionnaire, 100% of everything related to the job has been dealt with using the newer email. The original new email is basically abandoned now.
Even deeper irony: [it's not even the official Confederate flag](https://youtu.be/ULBCuHIpNgU).
Finally, the thread that I've been waiting for.

I've never been a Marvel Comics reader. I've been a manga reader, and the occasional Dark Horse comic reader, but not a Marvel reader.

Doctor Strange is a character that I love so much that it pushed me to start getting into the comics. For the Christmas after this movie came out, my fiance got me the All-New All-Different Doctor Strange comics by Jason Aaron and Chris Bachalo. I fell in love with them. I also didn't realize how *weird* Doctor Strange could get, which is great because I'm also an HP Lovecraft fan.

My fiance and I are also beginner cosplayers at conventions. This is one of my next planned cosplays. My former favorite character in the MCU was Tony Stark. My fiance's favorite is Bucky Barnes but always falls back to Steve Rogers. We used to have "debates" on who was better, Tony or Steve. Now, those debates are Steve vs. Stephen.

This is all because of this movie and Benedict Cumberbatch's portrayal of Doctor Strange. Going into this movie, I knew almost nothing of the character. I even remember telling my fiance "I wonder what his real name is" just before the movie started (of course, the reference in The Winter Soldier makes sense to me now). Cumberbatch is fantastic. The rest of the actors are fantastic. The movie's visuals are crazy. There's a lot of great one-liners. A couple of the jokes feel a bit forced, but they still make me laugh (specifically "Mister Doctor" and "It's the Wi-Fi password. We're not savages."). The opening is great and I love the slight camaraderie feel that Stephen has with his coworkers. Overall, this is just a great movie.

Ironically, this is the only MCU movie that I don't physically own yet because I loved it so much that I jumped on the first high-quality torrent to surface online. I plan on buying a physical copy soon, though!

Now that I'm a DS comic reader, one of the common complaints about this movie that I've seen online is that the movie is nowhere near as weird as the comics get. I see a lot of blame get hurled at Scott Derrickson for making a "boring" Doctor Strange movie. For that, I'll copy/paste what I said in a thread from a couple weeks ago on the matter:

I think Derrickson is capable of making a truly weird Doctor Strange movie like the comics. However, I feel like out of the heroes that Marvel plans on using for the MCU, Doctor Strange is the one that had the biggest chance of alienating the audience if he was true to the comics right out of the gate. I think Scott/Feige/etc intentionally decided to make the first DS movie "safe", and then they'll ease into the weird as the MCU goes more cosmic.

One last note, gotta talk about the score. Another common complaint about the MCU as a whole is that a lot of the films seem like they have generic/uninspired scores. I think Doctor Strange is a great exception to this. Michael Giacchino's score, while it is pretty similar to his Star Trek Beyond score, fits the theme of the movie really well. The theme makes my heart swell up anytime I hear it, and I can't wait to hear more of it in future DS movies.
The exception being Doctor Strange IMO. Michael Giacchino did it, and sure, it's similar to his Star Trek Beyond score, but the score fits the magical theme of the movie very well and it makes my heart swell up whenever I hear it.
Me go face.
*Friend.*
Consider this: crypto is still a wild west. Whenever there's news about crypto, it affects all coins equally and not just one coin. We're still early enough that many countries have some sort of crypto-sweeping regulation every few weeks or so.

Whenever people pull out of the crypto market, they pull out of it as a whole. People sell all of their alts to convert it into fiat. What are they selling their alts into? BTC (or ETH/LTC I guess), and then fiat.

Imagine there's a guy living down by the docks selling the best fish in town. But he's a crazy old coot, and he only accepts payment in gasoline for his boat. Same price every day, his fish cost 1gal for a pound of fish. So you buy 100 gallons of gas, so you always have gas when you want fish. But the next day, gas goes way down. Did the price of fish also just drop?
Nearly every coin is tied to BTC as a pair. In order for you to buy 99.9% of coins out there, you have to convert fiat into BTC or ETH. As a result, whenever BTC falls, all other coins fall.

Sure, whenever a coin has MAJOR news, they'll rise during a bear market, but that's not happening here.
I was about to explain who Enjin was, but then I looked at your post history and realized that you're a WoW player. You fucking know what Enjin is.
But I like Biloxi. ☹️
Back in January:

My girlfriend hit a deer on her way to work. Her parents got her to work that night. It happened at night on the weekend, on a country road, so we weren't going to be able to get it towed until Tuesday.

Her dad and I worked out a schedule for who could pick her up and drop her off when. My first day was going to be that Monday. He dropped her off at work that morning. I was going to pick her up that afternoon and.... My car completely dies. Luckily, my mom lends me her car so I can pick up my girlfriend. That night, my dad calls me and says that my car is completely dead. RIP my PT Cruiser, you lasted a good 180k miles.

Early Tuesday morning. I'm at my girlfriend's house. I'm taking her to and from work that day. Before we leave for work, we call a towing company and schedule a tow that afternoon to get it to the selected auto shop.

I drop her off at work. I go car shopping. Chose one that I was already eyeing because I knew that mine was on the way out. I got a loan from my bank to get it. I got my new car. I'm happy, but this whole afternoon was stressful and the reality of the budget crunch set in.

I go pick up my girlfriend. We go to where her car is 20 minutes before the scheduled pickup. There's a 1.5 hour gap between the pickup time and the closing time of the auto shop, and it's a 30 minute drive to it from her car.

20 minutes pass. 15 minutes pass. The tow truck is now 15 minutes late. We call the towing company. My girlfriend talks to the person she talked to this morning. She asks about the appointment. "We have no record of that call or appointment." The person mentions that he'll check to see if there's any free trucks and he'll call us back to let us know.

*That* was the straw that broke the camel's back. We both had a string of very stressful days and that was the moment that made us both cry about the bullshit of it all.

Luckily, we got our composture and called another company and explained the situation. They got a tow truck out there in 20 minutes. We called the auto shop and let them know of the situation. They agreed to stay open until we got there, but we got there with 10 minutes to spare.

That was two, going on three months ago. Since then, I'm used to my new car and my new budget constraints (which aren't too bad). My girlfriend's car has been fixed. Life is good.

Oh yeah, the original tow truck company never called back.
News flash: this post wasn't made just for you.

Seriously, though, while there are other options for fiat conversion, Coinbase is the most popular exhange for beginners to Crypto. Any new pairings they add is good overall.
Are you clean now? If so, is this what lead to you going clean?
The first game that truly made me emotional was *Tales of Symphonia*:

* Collette slowly becoming an angel and losing her humanity as the game progresses.
* Kratos' betrayal.
* The reveal of who Kratos actually is and his relation to Lloyd.
* Regal/Presea's whole backstory.
Saved you a click:

1. Augur
2. Basic Attention Token
3. OmiseGo
At least Agent Coulson is going to be in another movie!
I used to watch Cops. I started watching this because I live right outside of Springfield MO, but I enjoy it a lot and would keep watching if Springfield stopped being featured.

Funny enough, the first episode I watched included an incident in Springfield involving a chase and a motorcycle hitting a car at an intersection. I originally didn't believe that the show was live, but I turned on a police scanner for Springfield.

Sure enough, those on the police scanner were dealing with a motorcycle-on-car incident at an intersection. I was a little amazed. Now, it's a habit to have the scanner on whenever I'm watching a live episode.
False, I use it too.
My earliest memory is being in a crib. It's dark. I rolled to the left and found a bottle. It had Apple juice. I drank it
To be fair, Nova went on to become an actual SC character and books based on SC:G were published.
Not a woman, but my fiance worked front desk at a hotel for a few years while we were dating. She wore a fake engagement ring to try to reduce the number of guys hitting on her. IIRC it didn't help too much.
I had just turned 21. I didn't drink before turning 21 besides my dad letting me sip his Coors Light, so I didn't know what any other alcohol tasted like. My sister bought me a 4-pack of [8-Bit Pale Ale](https://i.imgur.com/XLJF7Ys.jpg) for my birthday.

I tried one and *hated* it. My birthday was early August. My brother's birthday was late August. I gifted the last 3 cans to him.

Turns out that he didn't like it either. My sister's birthday is in October. He gifted the last 2 to her (without knowing that I originally got them from her).

Sure enough, she hated it too, and gifted me the last can for Christmas. I tried it again, hated it, and poured it out.
Judging from a popular post earlier this week, a trip to IKEA.
The search engine. I feel like googling "[topic or question] reddit" shouldn't be more reliable.
One Punch Man D&D 5e
Pretty much any chain with Sonic so that it becomes a drive-in.
This reminds me of r/Glorp. (NSFW)
I asked myself the same thing a few months ago, and then I spent 3 hours reading the Wiki article OP linked.
Yeah, I agree. Metroid is my favorite game series and I feel like Chozo architecture would look amazing in this artstyle.
I wish I could do that. I'm already watching TV while I work lol. I'm even talking to someone sometimes when I was working.
[This page](http://www.thesmartcrowd.com/about/workers/job-opportunities/). Just select your country.

Curious, where did you find the data entry job? Lol
I fucking love this person's art. I actually ordered the solar system one as a large print and had it framed.
For the maps analyst position specifically, there was a question about your experience with reading maps and mapping programs. I mentioned that I travel a lot, and when I do, I'm usually the navigator, so I have copious amounts of experience with Google Maps.
Didn't Ryan Coogler also say that he let Glover revise the Black Panther script to add comedy to it?
> Cry some more man, maybe disney will take notice of you one day and hire you as a janitor or something.

I don't think that's how Disney's hiring process works. They probably post jobs on an internal job board before going external with it.
Just happened in January:

My girlfriend hit a deer late Sunday night. She works nights. It was on a back road. She was able to get it onto the side of the road and her parents got her to work. She lives in a rural area. We wouldn't be able to get it towed/to a body shop until Monday.

Monday rolls around. She has to work Monday morning. She calls a tow truck and schedules a pickup for when she gets off in the afternoon. She also calls the selected body shop. There's going to be ~2 hours between the pickup and the body shop closing, and it's about a 45 minute drive between where her car is and the body shop.

I pick her up from work Monday. We get to her car 20 minutes before the scheduled pickup time. 20 minutes pass. Nothing. 15 minutes pass. Nothing. She calls the tow truck company. She talks to the same person that she did that morning.

"We have no record of that call or scheduled pickup. If you want, I can see if I can get someone out there and I'll call you back."

"Okay."

She hung up and started having a breakdown. We call another company. She explains what just happened. The operator says that they'll get someone there in 30. She calls the body shop and explains the situation. They agree to stay open later if needed.

Luckily, the tow truck arrived in 20 minutes instead of 30, and we were able to get to the post shop 15 minutes before closing.

She never got a call back from the original company.
I haven't personally worked for Rev, but go over to r/WorkOnline and search for Rev. There's plenty of people talking about how they've cut pay drastically over the last year while raising quality requirements. A lot of people report being let go recently for various reasons.
The first time I ever saw this, the caption was "Hey, Bill! How the hell are ya?!" and I lost it.
Liquidate my Ethereum.
Why April 5th specifically?
Isn't the one X strictly better than the other two?
I'm from Missouri and I've never heard this. Am I an outlier?
As a Dwarf, fuck you.
[This guy feeding snakes](https://i.imgur.com/wc9YIXP.mp4) will never cease to amaze me.
It's not the *worst* but it's one of my favorites:

Avengers: Age of Ultron opens with a scene where Tony says "Damn it" and Cap says "Language!" In the Disney XD edit of the movie, Tony says "Dang it" instead. Cap still says "Language!".
Movie: Pacific Rim

TV Show: Dragon Ball Z
Half of the songs from the 2000s.

I worked at a Sonic for a few years. Their radio station played the popular songs to death.
I attend panels and visit the merch room as usual, just in costume.
I would attempt to hug/kiss my fiance and she would roll over and bat at my hand.
The lost seeing-Alpaca of New Zealand.

Seriously, CIA, get on it.
As much as it pains me to say it, Stan Lee.
The Werther caramel candy that's hard on the outside with a creamy center.
I was 8-9 years old. I was practicing keeping my fist closed and raising one finger at a time without raising other fingers. I got used to raising my middle finger. I was so happy about my accomplishment that I went up to my mom, said "Hey mom, look what I can do!", and just straight-up flipped her off.

My dad and sister were nearby as well and everyone just lost it. I didn't understand why. I think in learned what the gesture actually meant a couple years later, from a movie.
The email says that emails usually get sent out when someone goes over 600 in a week, but since they're allowing contractors to work up to 22 hours right now, it's 700.
*Uniracers* for the SNES. 

The game is frustrating as hell, but it's one of those games where you just feel fantastic whenever you get the hang of it. The music is awesome as well.
Hollywood.

I'm from small-town Missouri. My best friend graduated college a few years ago with a degree in acting and moved to Hollywood. My fiance and I went to LA for a convention last year. I realized how close Hollywood and LA were, so my friend and I set up a day for us to meet up while we were there.

He took us to Beverly Hills, Santa Monica Pier, Hollywood Boulevard, etc. We parked and walked down the strip. *Everything* about it was surreal and felt otherworldly. There were so many people, so many little shops and vendors, beggars, billboards for *YouTube* shows, etc. There were even people attempting to give me their mixtapes. Their actual mixtapes. I always thought that was an old joke.

For the rest of LA whenever my fiance and I weren't with him or were at the convention, we had a rental car and I drove. The traffic on the 405 and the number of lanes it had was always crazy. Our first day in LA, our plane landed at 4 and we got our car and were on the interstate at 5pm, rush hour. I *hated* it, but by the end of our trip, I was getting *a little* used to the driving.

Funny enough, when we got home and returned to Missouri's small interstates, I was actually feeling a small urge for... intensity? Adrenaline? that wasn't being fulfilled. It went away after a week.
I suppose I *could*, I do have a second offer from Appen pending.
I'm 26 now, but it hit me a few years ago.

I was working at a Sonic while I was in college. Whenever I was in high school as a senior, I didn't care for many of the freshmen, but there was a one of them that I became really good friends with. We stopped talking after I graduated, though.

One year while I was at Sonic, he started working there. I hadn't talked to him in a few years, so we started talking. Without thinking, I asked, "How's high school going?"

"Oh, I graduated. I'm now going to X University studying Y field."

I was surprised and realized that there was officially no student that I knew at my high school anymore. I jumped on Facebook (where I hadn't been on for a year or so) and realized that a lot of people who were younger than me were now married, having kids, etc.

That was my "I'm an adult now" moment.
My school didn't do senior quotes, but we did have the usual "most likely to X".

Two girls and I were voted as most likely to succeed. We had to come to the school on a Saturday after graduation to do a picture for the year book.

We decided to do a picture where we all had our backs to each other and we were surrounded in money. The other two had some $5-10s, a few $20s, and one or two $100s among them (mostly gifts from family for graduating). Me? My mom's friend gave me a roll of $2 bills for graduating.

So, in our "most likely to succeed" photo, the other two had a mix of various bills in front of them, and I had *a lot* of $2 bills in front of me. ONLY $2 bills.

Good times.
Missouri: the case of our governor tying up his mistress and blackmailing her continues.
I was going to separetly recommend 3Play, but to add onto this post: 3Play doesn't require evidence, but their onboarding is pretty steep. If you can land it, it's pretty lucrative. I highly recommend them.
Map analyst for Apple. My job is basically looking at user queries and trying to figure out how the results could be improved. I also ensure that business entries are up to date.
For those reading this, Rev has gone downhill really far over the last year or so. I highly recommend 3PlayMedia nowadays.
As soon as the mom said it tasted fine, I expected the kid to end up being sick and puking everywhere.

This was better.
u/anemojipastabot
I remember driving home with my friend after seeing the movie. We were talking all about it. When we got home, I made the realization...

"OMG, HE'S GOING TO BE BACK IN THREE YEARS! THAT'S WHEN THE SEQUEL WILL BE OUT!"

Three years came and went. I remembered saying that three years later. Sadly, it never happened.
I'm used to the new season always coming out around the time that a new Game of Thrones season does. GoT's absence this year made me almost completely miss the new Silicon Valley season. I just happen to get the urge to restart season 1 of SV on Saturday and I just happened to see the new season advertised.
Yeah, it's the only weekly story-based TV show that I watch that's 30 minutes. The ending used to catch me off-guard, but now I can usually tell whenever they're building up to that episode's climax and ending.
r/shittyaskscience
I love Doctor Strange. I'm a huge MCU fan and I've watched all of the movies, but for some reason, Doctor Strange connected with me on a higher level than the rest did. I've never read any Marvel comics before, but that movie actually pushed me to get into them (specifically the All-New All-Different Doctor Strange comics). I'm also planning a Doctor Strange cosplay for the next convention that my fiance and I go to.

Ironically, despite my undying love for the movie, it's the only MCU movie that I don't own. I loved it so much that I jumped on the first high-quality torrent of it that surfaced. I plan on buying it for real, though.
Man, I remember being really excited and hyped at the end of Transformers 1. I was so happy that Bumblebee was able to speak again.

And then it all went out the window.
Why Bitcoin? While other coins like ETH and LTC aren't as prominent as BTC, you're spending a lot less on transaction fees.

r/Jobs4Crypto may be worth browsing.
Alright, bye bye!
It's a great device. I've had one since late 2016. I use it for Android gaming (Roller Coaster Tycoon, Hearthstone, and other similar card games), working whenever I'm not home, and I DM my D&D group's sessions from it. It's not the newest device anymore, but it holds up great.
Where does the headline/tweet say that? A plugin is integration.
This is one of those subreddits that I don't subscribe to, but I'll browse whenever I see it linked once every six months.
Bottom left: a copy of Kirby's Dreamland for the Game Boy.

About once a year, I'll spend a couple of weeks playing through most of the Kirby games because I enjoy the hell out of them. That particular game is probably the hardest. It's a PITA not having the copy ability.
What's misleading about the headline?
This is really neat to see. I knew ENJ could do this, but actually seeing it in action is very exciting.

I assume that this is happening via a mod for Minecraft? Or is it actually happening natively in a beta/alpha/prototype/etc Minecraft client?
What's up with that person's profile pic? What platform is this on?
[They are required to pay taxes on self-employment income if the total is above $400 for the year.](https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/self-employed-individuals-tax-center)
Should also add that if this person is a freelance artist, they're actually paying a higher tax for self-employment compared to a standard employee.

Source: am self-employed and I *hate* tax time.
I work with spreadsheets for a living and this was the first one I got as well. I almost want to blame Google's data collection for the accuracy lol.
Right? My fiance thinks I'm a freak, but I wear shorts at 50 degrees. I love that kind of weather.
[Somehow, the words "secure blockchain" and "Huawei" don't mix for me.](http://money.cnn.com/2018/02/14/technology/huawei-intelligence-chiefs/index.html?iid=EL)
[Youtube Mirror](https://youtu.be/umzSiJVMn-s)
I thought that was nigh obvious, given that most comments are some variation of "I'd play the shit out of this".
> The prey is in its natural habitat

The octopus is not in its natural habitat for 90% of the GIF.
You can click "accept & work" and see if you can actually accept it. You don't have to complete the HIT if it's something you don't want to do. There will be a return button.

Someone here recommended the MTurk subreddit. Look, MTurk has a steep learning curve, and honestly, the subreddit is actually a terrible resource to learn it. It's mostly people asking for help while there's not a lot of help to be found. If you really want to learn how to make money using MTurk, about efficiency, where the trustable HIT requesters are, etc, I highly recommend joining one of the MTurk communities that aren't on Reddit. There's a handful of them. My personal recommendation is [TurkerHub](https://turkerhub.com/). That is a very helpful, very friendly community to be a part of.

You might be asking yourself, "why would I want to join one of these communities over the subreddit? Shouldn't the subreddit be good enough?" Yeah, no. Mturk is a marketplace for work. As is with a marketplace, there are limited amounts of work, essentially creating competition among the workers. If there is 1 task up and worker A claims that task, then worker B lost out on that money. By helping others and sharing your "secrets" with how you make money from Mturk, you're effectively taking money out of your own pocket. The issue with the subreddit is that it's not tight-knit at all and there's no real community feel. You have people asking for help, but aren't willing to contribute. That's why the communities like TurkerHub are different. You have people helping out others and being helped in return, high-profit HITs being posted, etc. It's a real community feel that really helps you succeed at working on MTurk.

Note: Full disclosure I guess. I've not associated with MTurk anymore and I haven't visited TurkerHub in awhile (I got banned from MTurk in January 2017 after a dispute with Amazon, Got rich with crypto, traveled for a while, came back into the "fold" of online work in the fall), but TurkerHub was always my go-to community before that.
It's not necessary. I had a device that was going on 3 years old whenever I worked that position (Nexus 6). I had the same requirement for my phone, but I never actually used my phone for the work, so ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
She didn't happen to like licking a coworker's cups in the trash can at work did she?
I'm unfamiliar with Evernote (used it a couple times for a job last year, but that was it). Does it have 2FA?
The HotS development team has had more obscure teases for some of its heroes.
I texted my old DM about it, actually. He said that the RPG system he used to bash for what I described was [GURPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GURPS). However, he confirmed that he used to bash Rifts as well. Thanks, though! I remember talking about the TMNT game as well.
This reminds me that, during the original Switch presentation, the presenter was talking about how each past console influenced the Switch in some way. When mentioning the GameCube, he mentioned the portability that the handle on the back of the console brought, and called that the GameCube's influence on the Switch.

What, is the GameCube a handheld now?
No love for Destruction Derby!
Isn't Rifts the one where you have to spend points in character creation to be able to do simple things like walking, seeing, have 5 fingers on each hand, etc? I remember my DM back in high school always making fun of it, but I never actually looked at it myself.
He's my favorite doctor and I appreciate every episode he had. The episode "Dalek" (where they find the Dalek in the underground facility that realizes that it's the last of its kind) is still my favorite episode.

Has he had another "breakout" hit since then? I remember getting excited that he was going to be in *Thor: The Dark World*, but was let down.
I'm a little amazed that he stood back up after the first one. I would assume that some sort of mental flight procedure would have kicked in, being president and all.
I was actually invited to a 20 hour/week project a day after updating my profile. I'm amazed.
I actually had some hope due to the new director's work on season 1 of *Daredevil*, but it appears that that hope was misplaced.
> Will you be entertained when it's a group of white old ugly guys saving the world? 

That's what the Expendables movies are. Despite their flaws, they're still entertaining on some level (I actually *like* the second one).

I might get a bit of backlash for saying this, but at least the pilots in the first one are memorable and make sense. Half of them were veterans.
Damn, I knew I should have invested in Titcoin.
Someone else mentioned that this happens if it's been 8 hours since you requested access. This also happens whenever UHRS is having server issues. Typically, you should re-request access via Clickworker and log into UHRS until it works. This isn't a sign that you've been banned from UHRS or any of that (a sign of that is if you're taken to the marketplace for a second before being returned to the login screen). It's just an issue on Microsoft's end.
Run-on sentences, the world's one weakness.
For the last couple weeks, they've been filming in Springfield MO, about 30 minutes from me. I initially didn't believe that it was live, but then I turned on a police scanner (specifically for the motor cycle chase last week). Yep, it's live lol.
For the 20 hour/week social media evaluator position, you basically rate posts from your news feed on how relevant they are to you. The position is 4 hours a day for 5 days a week, with one of those days being a weekend day. However, you **have** to complete a full day's work on a day that you decide to work. You can't just work for an hour one day and put it off for another day.
If I remember right, for your first couple of weeks, you're allowed up to 5 hours. After that, you're limited to 4.5 hours.
You have to complete all of your tasks. Typically, your tasks will include 55-60 posts to rate. At the end of rating them, you have to take a 2-hour break and then do a "bake-off" where you compare posts to one another. The first part takes 3.5ish hours whenever you get used to it, and the bake-off only takes a couple minutes. You *have* to complete the bake-off or else that day doesn't count.

Whenever I had to rush, I could easily complete the first part in 2.5 hours total. That's only if I was in a hurry and had something else to do that day, though. They pay you based on how much you actually work, so you don't want to rush it that often lol.
The job is literally going down your own news feed and evaluating how relevant each post is to you. You don't have to be active per se, just have lots of friends. You're supposed to skip any posts that are related to yourself (a self-post, someone tags you, etc).
* It takes close to a week to pass the test and sign everything and start working. It's been a year since I did this but IIRC, I got the offer on a Sunday and I was able to start work on Thursday.
* Average seems to be 3-4 months. I was lucky and lasted 6 months.
* The work is easy, it's just a bit monotonous after awhile. You'll get feedback after your first few weeks. I only got feedback once during my time, and was told that I'd be sent back to training or possibly terminated if I didn't improve. I never heard any feedback after that and I worked the position for 5 more months after that, so I assume I improved lol. I haven't actually heard about anyone being terminated for quality from this position.
* I didn't get anything immediate once my contract ended. I got the occasional one-shot project, but everyone got those. A few months after, I got an offer for a 1 hour/week project that I'm still on, but I haven't gotten another 20 hour/week position offer yet. It sucks, I'm still eyeing their web search evaluator position and hoping.

Overall, it's not hard work. I think it varies from person to person. I've read about a few people being burned out on the work after two weeks and quitting. I'm a fan of monotonous work, so I didn't mind it. On some days, I blew through my queue. Others, it was a grind. Your mileage may vary.
A market for work.
That's specifically why I was holding out hope. After all, the Appen/Leapforce deal is being finalized.
The purpose of the position is to gather information on **you**. They're gathering information on you and not anyone else you're connected to. Hence, why you're dropped after a few months - they have enough info on you.
Is it the social media evaluator project? For that project, you use information from your Facebook news feed, but you aren't actually posting anything on your page.
I don't know if Blizzard would ever warm up to the idea, but the thought of buying packe with ENJ makes me hard.
> Hearthstone

I don't know if Blizzard would ever warm up to the idea, but the idea of buying Hearthstone packs with ENJ makes me hard.
I agree with this, yeah. She's still very much sort of an outsider due to her past, so she just feels awkward around the others and doesn't mesh with them as well yet.

I don't mind her being more in the DS franchise, I just hope she doesn't become THE female in the DS franchise (well, besides Christine). I want an eventual Clea adaptation in the MCU.
It's a professional relationship. Strange teaches her how to focus her powers.
You're asking the MCU subreddit if you should watch all of the MCU?
Because *every* video about the trailer is using Cap holding back Thanos as the thumbnail.
I wouldn't be surprised if Cap does have some sort of foldable version of it, possibly hidden in the armguards:

1. The original shield is made of vibranium, and Cap is friends with those who know how to work with it the best.

2. It's the "weapon" he's most familiar fighting with. It's probably a good thing to have in the most important battle.

3. "And get that man a shield!"
> Infinity War Blu Ray release is coming.

I'm shocked. *Shocked!*
I think Derrickson is capable of making a truly weird Doctor Strange movie like the comics. However, I feel like out of the heroes that Marvel plans on using for the MCU, Doctor Strange is the one that had the biggest chance of alienating the audience if he was true to the comics right out of the gate. I think Scott/Feige/etc intentionally decided to make the first DS movie "safe", and then they'll ease into the weird as the MCU goes more cosmic.
I won't be able to see IW on the Thursday night that it comes out, not until that Friday. [MFW I'm the Marvel nerd of my group of friends that everyone wants to talk to after a movie comes out.](https://i.imgur.com/npKZYoI.jpg)
Considering her relationship with Strange in the comics, I really hope the two end up working together in a future movie.
I like to live dangerously.
The trailer hasn't even been out for a week and I already can't take this scene seriously anymore.
True, but I feel like this movie might have quite a bit of people rewatching it as well. That was the case with The Force Awakens.
I thought Strange was making the platforms Quill was jumping across.
Doctor Strange

Hawkeye

Iron Man

Star-Lord
Chris Evans' contract actually expired after Infinity War, but he said he decided to do A4 as well since it just made sense.
The TV channel Cloak & Dagger will come on. It's targeted at teens.
I'm an idiot, I have no idea where my assumption that they were Saturday showings came from. Thanks for that.
Pre-Ragnarok, Chris Hemsworth was talking about how he's been feeling tired/one foot out of the role of Thor. After Ragnarok, he's been talking about how much fun it was making that film and he definitely wants to do more with Taika. I hope we do get a few more movies from him.
> Modern Strange for nerfed hardcore

I really hope the Empirikul eventually make an MCU appearance. I enjoyed the hell out of that comic arc.
He's not really an Avenger in the comics, either. He specifically deals with cosmic threats unless he's needed by the Avengers (or vice-versa). IIRC he stayed completely out of Civil War because he didn't see the point of fighting for a side. Although, he is the founder of the Defenders.
I'm only 26, so my first exposure to Lupin was whenever Adult Swim started airing it in the early/mid 2000s or so.

Oooh, interesting. Sadly, my girlfriend is working Saturdays until late April. Maybe we can catch some of the later Ghibli movies in that. Thanks!
I suppose Red Skull isn't totally ruled out if there's a chance he survived the Space Stone's teleportation, but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
IIRC, didn't the actor who played Quicksilver sign a 3-movie contract?
The post-credit scene for Ant-Man is a scene from Civil War. Cap and Falcon found Bucky. Cap says they can't risk telling Tony, since the Sokovia Accords just happened. Falcon says that he knows a guy.
I've seen *Howl's Moving Castle*, *Spirited Away*, *Tales From Earthsea*, and *The Castle of Cagliostro* so far. I'd already seen Cagliostro years ago because I'm a *Lupin the Third* fan, but the others have all been first viewings over the last few years. I really enjoy them. I want to watch all of them, but my girlfriend wants to collect them all on Blu-ray and some of them aren't cheap/easy to find lol.
Keep in mind that Spidey had a small role in Civil War. There wasn't a ton of effort involved in working him in. However, there is a ton of effort involved in reviving a couple franchises, giving them their own movies, and then connecting them to the MCU. Marvel *could* already be making plans for them, but if the merger falls through, that's a lot of wasted effort and resources. Unlikely.
I can't unsee Tony's hair.
I remember this! My friend and I would play it in highschool whenever we couldn't afford to get into a real tabletop game.

I can afford to now (I'm invested into Warmachine/Hordes), but I don't know too many people who play anymore and I don't find mini assembly/painting fun anymore. I might dive back into Mobile Frame Zero.
*Howl's Moving Castle*. I'm a fan of anime, but I've actually never seen any of Miyazaki's work (although I knew of his work). I really liked it.
If you're still new-ish to crypto or just a novice, [here's a guide](https://drive.google.com/file/d/188n6wkUQFC0aNDGcbM1FQ5ErcWManuFe/view?usp=sharing) that's been floated around a few places. That's sort of a basic, fundamental guide to crypto in terms of understanding the terms, technology, etc. It is outdated by a few months, though, so keep that in mind when reading any numbers in it.

If you're still interested in swing trading, a lot of the concepts that dominate trading crypto also dominate trading regular stocks. You want to do your due diligence when researching a project. You want to learn about potential catalysts. [Here is a copy of *Swing Trading for Dummies*](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eXfe8KrWsBPEUKi5RauM6yVayyJOitol/view?usp=sharing). It's a pretty good read.

Other than that, just get involved with the community and use it to learn about other crypto and projects. Read discussions, but don't buy into the hype of projects. I've already plugged r/cryptocurrency. If you use Discord, there is a [cryptocurrency Discord server](https://discord.gg/GdVCYvr) that's very knowledgeable. I'm somewhat active on there.

Also, anytime you read in-depth analysis or discussion on a crypto, keep in mind how invested someone is into the project. Obviously, someone who is invested in a project is going to talk positive about it, but that's not totally a bad thing if they're truthful.

Hope this helps!
The child actress has been in a [commercial](https://youtu.be/kNxH_NdVHEo) that's been playing a lot recently. I like to think that that commercial is somehow MCU canon.
The search bar can answer this.
> I was told about currency trading but I don't know if it's worth?

Are you alluding to Cryptocurrency trading?

Crypto is currently the business to make a ton of money in right now due to its volatility, but the opposite is also true. It requires patience, a lot of knowledge, and the ability to resist completely pulling out whenever the market is down. It also requires the ability to resist hype around a project whenever necessary.

I've been following Crypto for a few years, but I didn't start investing until about a year ago. I started with $75 and eventually turned it into $3000 over the course of a few months. Could I have done better? Yes, and a lot of people have. Could I have done worse? Yes, as well.

If this type of thing interests you, r/cryptocurrency is a good place to start.
When my girlfriend and I first started dating a few years ago, we did this thing where each of us had to sit through a movie that the other one liked.

I made her sit through this movie because I love it. I figured she wouldn't like it, but she *adored* Yoshi.
I try not to look at my portfolio. I try to keep my news-checking down to a couple times a week. However, I use an hourly Dogecoin faucet that pays out based on the market. The higher the market, the less DOGE it pays out, and vice-versa. I can make safe assumptions from that.
I know the symbol between NEW YORK and BULLETIN is supposed to be a globe with a tower on it, but in this format, it looks like a shitty poop emoji.
No. You pull both hands back for a proper Kamehameha.
Considering the power of satellites and intelligence agencies, I'm pretty sure that most first world governments would be aware of giant alien ships landing in Africa. Hell, the US is probably on edge after a giant ring appears above NYC.

Also, happy cake day! We both have the exact same Reddit birthdate, down to the year. That's creepy.
This is my assumption, yeah.

There's also the idea that she didn't know Thanos' true strength, and that those who were holding the Infinity Stones (did she know of anymore stones beyond the Power Stone?) would be strong enough to hold off Thanos should he ever attack them. Of course, she also probably has no idea that Thanos instigated an attack on Earth during Avengers 1.

I mean, realistically, let's say that your crazy dad with some crazy friends living across the world from you. He told you once that he wants to wipe out half of the planet. You might tell someone, but no one's going to lift a finger until he actually proves himself and does something big.
To be fair, Iron Man already had 3 solo movies by the time any of the other original four got their second.
https://media.giphy.com/media/vjwACwDxB0hZ6/giphy.gif
That's odd, give me an example of a scene that panders to the left.
Unpopular opinion: I enjoyed *Invasion USA*.
I'm cautiously optimistic about it. I think it has the ability to solve a lot of problems in the crowdsource microcontractor space.

A bit more understanding with Amazon Mturk: Amazon more or less acts as a sort of HR department. However, they have an issue that most modern HR departments have: they're there to protect the company, not he employee. In this case, they're out to protect the requester, not the worker. This is true since Amazon makes money from the requester, not the worker.

This is an issue whenever you consider that workers are only paid if their work is approved by the requester. Basically, what happens is that the requester puts money into Mturk along with their tasks, and says that each task is worth X money. A worker takes the task, does it, and submits it. The requester approves the task, and that money is released from Amazon to the worker. Seems fine, right? You do honest work, you get approved, and you get paid, right?

However, Mturk also has an issue with some requesters rejecting honest work. If I did honest work and the requester rejected it, then I don't get paid, but the requester still gets my data. Rejections also lower your approval rate, which is bad since some tasks require you to have a certain approval rating. Do a bunch of tasks for a new requester and they reject all of your work? RIP, my friend. There's also the issue that a requester can block a user. Too many blocks, and Amazon outright bans you. This is all an issue because if you feel that you've been wrongly rejected and contacted Amazon, they won't do anything to help you.

This has given rise to a website called [Turkopticon](https://turkopticon.ucsd.edu/). It's a website where workers can rate requesters for promptness, pay, fairness, how often they reject/block, etc. It is very heavily relied upon by "professional" turkers.

That said, I'm not sure if decentralized is the way to go to fix this issue. I see that Effect AI operates on the same idea: a requester posts work, a worker does the work, the requester approves of the work, and crypto is sent to the worker. What if the requester rejects honest work? Who's going to stick up for the workers? Now, obviously, there's workers that are looking to abuse the system and get paid for dishonest work, so there has to be an approve/reject system in place.

Let's talk about fees and payments. Yeah, Amazon takes 40% of whatever money the requester puts in. I do agree that I would like a platform where requesters don't pay fees, but I'm not sure how effective that will actually be. Why wouldn't a requester moving from the old system just lower the amount they're putting into the system by how much the fees were?

There's also the idea that this is a global market. There's a couple of other work platforms, such as UHRS, where the work markets are split up by country. A worker accepting work in Poland isn't going to affect my work in the US, for example. However, the issue here is how differing costs of living affects the payout. *Everyone* wants online jobs like this to pay out enough to make a living on (I've worked my ass off over the last couple of years making myself an online-only income), but that might not be the case. In a global market, let's say that me in the US and a worker in India accept the same job. We complete it in the same amount of time. We're given the crypto equivalent of $5 USD. For me, that's a small amount. It's enough for one meal at the right fast food place, but it's not paying the bills. For the worker in India, that $5 might be putting food on the table for the whole week and he couldn't be happier.

Now, I think that's all of my issues with a decentralized system out of the way. Let me talk about the *good* things. First, I feel like a crypto-based system like this will bring in more tech-savvy requesters. One issue with Amazon Mturk (I left Mturk over a year ago so this may have changed by now) is that the interface for requesters isn't the most user-friendly. If a requester rejected my task, and we talked and he agreed to overturn and approve it, but there's a good chance that he might now be able to figure that out. Also, workers can send messages to requesters on Mturk. I've heard that the inbox is hard to find and isn't the easiest to navigate. I feel like a new, crypto-based system can bring in tech-savvy requesters willing to learn all of the bells and whistles and use the system to its fullest extent.

There's also the issue of barriers of entry. Amazon has quite a few hoops to jump through to get working on Mturk. It takes weeks to do so, getting the right paperwork approved, accepting the right terms and contracts, etc. I feel like a decentralized system can greatly cut down on this and get new workers working faster.

Overall, I am cautiously optimistic for Effect AI. I think there's room for it. There's people here talking about how Amazon has a grip on the industry of crowdsource work like this. However, the industry is *tiny*. This isn't the type of thing that hits the mainstream news once a month, like crypto does. You ask the usual person on the street about crypto, they'll probably say something along the lines of "I've heard of Bitcoin." You ask them about mechanical turk, they're going to have no idea what you're talking about. I think the single biggest thing that can help the mechanical turk/crowdsource industry at all is simply more exposure and more people knowing about it.

There's also something to be said about how sluggish Amazon's development of Mturk has been (there's been a beta tag under the logo for *years*). A new feature happens maybe once a year. Do I think a new system like Effect AI can pull the rug out under Amazon Mturk? Yes. However, Amazon isn't a stupid company. If the mechanical turk industry grows or moves at all, Amazon will pump more money into Mturk.

TL;DR: I don't think Effect AI can solve *all* of the problems that Mturk has, but I think that it has a good chance of carving out a good chunk of the industry. I think the biggest way of helping the mechanical turk industry is simply making more people aware that it even exists.
*Avatar* made 2.8. *Titanic* made 2.2. *The Force Awakens* made 2.
I thought the dialogue was pretty great. Which scene did you think had terrible dialogue?
https://media.giphy.com/media/GU3ACiCKzvZBu/giphy.gif
General Reposti!
This is something that I realized recently. I enjoyed the Doctor Strange movie so much that I started reading the All-New, All-Different Doctor Strange comics, my first actual Marvel comic. This is a series that started in 2016, but the occasional flashback (including some origin story flashbacks) would be panels from the 60s/70s comics. I find that to be really cool.
Why does it suck?
OBJECTION!

*Slams desk.*

You stated that 90% of superhero movies suck, "just like Black Panther".

HOWEVER! Just before that, you stated, "'Have you seen Black Panther yet' No, I haven't."

That is a contradiction, Your Honor! You can't rate the movie if you haven't seen it!

*Aggressive pointing.*
Thanks! You're the first! I actually hate the way that the 6 trophy icon looks, so I actually can't wait for my next one lol.
I'd say it's pretty important, IMO. Nebula's whole arc during GotG2 is all about getting revenge on Thanos and Gamora. Thanos gets name-dropped *a lot*.

Also, it's on Netflix, so there's not much effort involved in finding it and watching it.
I'm glad you circled it. I wouldn't have been able to see "SOUL STONE" otherwise.
I feel like GotG2 is important for more context in Gamora and Nebula's relationship.
*Somewhat agrees with most of the list.*

> Diamondback is a great villain.

Them's fightin' words.
Iron Man 3 is my favorite of the trilogy. Tony's scenes with the kid are heartwarming, and the climax with the House Party Protocol is immensely fun to watch.

Edit: I'm also from Springfield, MO. It's fun seeing Tony look at the city's name for a second.
You posted a factorial.
Good bot
I used to work on Mturk for a couple of years before I got hired by a real company. I'd average $1500 a month from it. If you're going full-time on it and you're only doing $300-400, you're doing it wrong. Go join a community like [TurkerHub](https://turkerhub.com/) and learn. The subreddit for Mturk is terrible.
It's not Amazon paying him. They merely provide the platform for "requesters" to post work. Unfortunately, Mturk is a global platform, and with a good portion of workers being from India, where the standard of living is much lower, many requesters have slashed what they pay.
Stan Lee's dog will play Dogtor Strange in the inevitable Empirikul/Mr. Misery movie.
Do you still have that video? It'd be great to see.
A year after his wife died?
> It just felt like the first one didn't show much and was more of a teaser

... Isn't that exactly what it was?
I like how Dr. Strange's magic circle isn't edited out.
IN THE GRIM, DARK FUTURE OF THE 41ST MILLENNIUM...
I'm reeeaaaalllly biased because I go to every other Blizzcon, but I loved Warcraft.
*Most* of Iron Man still looks fantastic. On my more recent rewatches in the last year, though, I've started noticing aged CGI with the fire during Tony's attacks on terrorists.
https://media.giphy.com/media/vjwACwDxB0hZ6/giphy.gif
I love corgis, but whenever I think of them in terms of Ragnarok, I just immediately hear, "Hey, min. I'm Korg. We're gonna get outta here on that big spaceship. Wanna come?"
I'm having a somewhat similar issue. I work from home, so I usually have plenty of time to stream anime. I have a lot of anime that I want to watch. However, if I finish an anime that I really enjoyed, it will leave behind a very specific itch. I usually then end up watching 3-4 different pilots until I find one that scratches that itch and hooks me.

This week, I've completed Saga of Tanya the Evil > Steins;Gate > Darling in the FranXX (well, watched what was out for it). I'm currently treading water trying to find something else. I usually end up browsing this sub a lot whenever I'm in between being hooked by something.
The Winter Soldier*

From my googling, it appears that *Return of the First Avenger* is the German title?
I'm also a fan of the Falcon and the Black Widow.
General Reposti!
I have a feeling that the scene of Iron Man combining his legs into the solid booster is him going to rescue Spidey.
Case study: *No Man's Sky*.
Fixing the damage Banner did to the Sanctum when landing.
I *really* want that name.

u/DoNotWasteyourTime, I've come to bargain.
r/blogging is probably a better place to ask.
Yes, I'm curious.
Which one?
I'm on the toilet and too lazy to find a link, but it's the Hasbro one. Just Google "Marvel Legends Infinity Gauntlet" and it should come up.
To be fair, someone's name consisting of two titles *is* pretty strange.
This is such a fun movie. The effects are great and the fights are super creative. Michael Pena and Co are hilarious. All the little tie-ins for SHIELD and Avengers are great. It's our first real taste of the idea of multiple deminsions, which is great for a *small-scale* movie.

The little girl that plays Casaie is in a [commercial](https://youtu.be/kNxH_NdVHEo) that plays a lot here for a drug called Symbicort. It's my personal headcanon that this commercial takes place in the MCU and the grandpa is Maggie's dad.

On the topic of Yellowjacket: yeah, he's your "traditional" mirror villain. He's a lot like Stane. I personally liked him a lot more than Stane, though. He seems to have a bigger presence than Stane did. The scene where Cross visits Hank's house is really tense. I especially like the scene whenever he comes into Cassie's room, she asks, "Are you a monster?" And Yellowjacket asks, "Do I look like a monster?" It almost seems like Cross is taken aback by being compared to a monster. I wish we got a bit more than that, maybe a scene where he's rethinking what he's doing.

One last note: anyone else notice that the top of the poster says "From the Studio that brought you *Guardians of the Galaxy*"? GotG is great, don't get me wrong, but for a movie set in the MCU that's more connected to Avengers than Guardians, maybe *The Avengers* (or *Age of Ultron*, considering that it came out just a couple months earlier) may have been a better choice?
My girlfriend is starting a new overnight position at work on Monday that week. She'll have that Friday off, but not Thursday.

Funny enough, I have a better job now, but I actually worked as a mod for Facebook over the last couple of years. I was a person that looked at reported posts/flagged timelines and took action whenever the ToS were broken. Only had one major spoiler actually hit me during that time, Han Solo's fate in The Force Awakens. Glad to not be at that job anymore.
Sorry, I'm just a little *& the wasp*.
Hey, that's really *volume 2*.
Go [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/comments/8459xf) for the set reports.

And [here's a news story](http://www.digitalspy.com/movies/the-avengers/news/a851603/avengers-infinity-war-hulkbuster-armour-hulk-bruce-banner-spoiler/) about the toy. Obviously, spoiler, click at your own risk.
We have a pretty good idea of what he's doing in this between the recent set visit reports and the one toy that was revealed. We just don't know his status at the end of the movie.
That's a bit of an understatement.
MFW I can't see IW until its second night and I need to avoid spoilers.
Yeah, they actually died. Maximus brings it up to Black Bolt a few times.

It's just so poorly executed. The Inhumans make a huge deal out of people coming out of the chamber and discovering their power. It's nearly a full-on ritual with lots of people around. How the hell does BB not discover his power until he's home, being scolded by his parents?
[Someone has already made a GIF collection for the trailer.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/84v8vj/marvel_studios_avengers_infinity_war_official/dvso3p3/).
General Reposti!
I can't wait for us to get some legitimate footage/images of the Cull Obsidian and we don't have to keep using concept art/the D23 statues.
I know it's Earth, but "running around on Earth" sorta makes it sound like the show took place across the globe.
> running around on earth

Wasn't it just Hawaii?
Yes. It's Black Bolt accidentally killing his parents. It's meant to be a serious scene, but I bursted out laughing whenever it happened.
Yeah, I liked her too. I just feel that it's a shame that she lost her hair.
Was about to say the same thing. Even if the marathon had a better lineup, I don't envy anyone going to it.
What's the top one? I don't recognize it.
I sort of hope Falcon is the hero.
Unpopular opinion: I actually enjoyed the finale's scenes with Black Bolt and Maximus.

Fuck the rest of it, though.

Edit: another random thought: I would have thought that the Inhumans settling on Earth in the finale was a pretty neat ending if Ragnarok wasn't building up to the exact same thing a few weeks before the finale aired.
It's Strange.
Along with a surprise partnership announcement with Rolex.
I prefer IMAX 2D, but my area only has two IMAX screens. We'll see.
If this turns out to be true, who's betting on a possible reveal in the trailer tomorrow?
It may pass The Avengers as well? A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Good bot
Part of it is things we've already seen (Thanos stepping through the portal, Loki handing over the Tesseract, Spidey on the big metal thing, Cap stepping out of the shadows). There's a couple shots of some heroes working together that we hadn't seen yet. The scene where Thor meets the Guardians is much longer (and he has both eyes because Ragnarok hadn't released yet). There's also a scene that was teased in one of the promotional images last week.
General Reposti!
A number followed by an exclamation mark is considered a factorial in math. This is a bot that solves any factorials that it finds.

42718!

Edit: I was a nerd and tried to trigger the bot by typing the release date of IW as a factorial. The bot didn't respond because it can only give numbers. 42718! is one of the numbers that equals *infinity*. That's kinda funny.
They signed your copy of *You, Me, and Dupree*, right?
Texting my girlfriend during the episode - "I think I might have a new favorite MCU character."

Texting her after the episode - "Nevermind."
I think [the translation of this tweet](https://i.imgur.com/hAJXOq5.png) is trying to tell us what we need to offer as a sacrifice.
Keep in mind that the overall production crew of the MCU is made up of *professional* storytellers that have been doing this for *years*. Whenever the inevitable happens, they'll find a way to implement the X-Men naturally and not shoehorn it. They're not trying to retell the comics or anything like that. They're simply trying to tell a *good* story.
Right? I feel like integrating the current X-Men franchise into the MCU is just the lazy "make do" method. I'd rather see Feige and Co. craft the X-Men *exactly* how they want instead of just making do.

Obligatory "except Deadpool" comment.
Yeah, that stung to hear. Politics are always hard to watch because some of the more outspoken opposition on some of the issues tend to be those who are oldschool in their thinking, or are basic in their thinking. I remember whenever the Net Neutrality debate started again last year, and a Wisconsin congressman said that ["Nobody has to use the internet."](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/04/15/nobodys-got-to-use-the-internet-a-gop-lawmakers-response-to-concerns-about-web-privacy/)

Also, we really need a megathread about this hearing.
Guardians 2 is the most *fun* MCU movie IMO. It's hilarious, it's more colorful than the other movies, the space sequences are all fantastic, etc. Sure, some of the other movies are objectively better, but it's hard to point at another MCU movie and say that it's more *fun* to watch than Guardians 2.

Edit: Ragnarok comes *really* close.
Yeah, that's what I typically do. It was just a pain before when most digital codes weren't for Google Play lol.
You title this like barely anyone's seen the leaked footage.
I feel like you're discounting total audience interest with this. The show-only audience is going to be interested and watch no matter if the spinoffs are prequels or sequels. It's all new content to them. By doing a sequel, HBO is capturing the story-interest of book readers and show watchers alike.
You won't get it until April, but [Entertainment Earth has it](https://www.entertainmentearth.com/prodinfo.asp?number=HSE0491).
No surfer, only Hulk!
> Mark Ruffalo: Uhm… Sorry, I just got hurt from Marvel…

Marvel snipers in position?
[I wish it wasn't true.](http://variety.com/2017/film/news/settlers-of-catan-movie-sony-1202587485/)
This makes me happy. I used to ignore the digital codes that came with physical movies because I didn't want to have to keep track of my movies across several platforms. However, I've come to really like Movies Anywhere because it allows me to get movies cross-platform to my streaming service of choice. The more popular it gets, the better.
If it's a movie/series that I really enjoy (MCU, Logan, BR2049, LotR, etc), I'll get the Blu-ray/DVD/digital combo of it. If it's something that I haven't seen, I'll drum up some Google Play credit to rent it. If it's something that I enjoyed quite a bit but not something that I'm overly-excited for, I'll just buy it digitally.
Rampage: World Tour holds up well IMO.
I feel like this can be interpreted as some metaphor for life.
There's also a rumor that Sony might attempt to reboot Labyrinth too after it does its anniversary run in theaters next month. I was on of the ones that scoffed at a Jumanji reboot being any good, but if they could pull it off with Jumanji, maybe they can do it with Labyrinth too.

And then there's the planned Settlers of Catan movie franchise.... Which I hope fails spectacularly.
This season.
I think it's a reference to the Entertainment Tonight special tonight.

Also, I don't really watch the Stan Lee Twitter account anymore based on what's going on with him recently.
> There's like no one that's not "in the know" or doesn't know someone whose not in the know

That's not how statistics work.

The trailer is the most viewed trailer on YouTube (It just passed 150m last time I checked IIRC), but not everyone uses YouTube. There's a couple big (mostly the older) demographics who the majority of don't use YouTube in any capacity.

Yes, it is the most popular movie franchise worldwide. Once again, it's a franchise that doesn't appeal to everyone. Not everyone will follow news of their preferred franchise or whatnot. Take my mother, for example. She *loves* Will Ferrell movies. She doesn't keep up with what movies he's making, though. She only hears about them whenever she sees a commercial or I let her know that *Daddy's Home 2* is being made.

Consider the generation of baby boomers and older parents that now have empty nests. Their kids have grown up and started families. These parents aren't hearing everything that their kids are talking about anymore. They're most likely not discussing the current movies with their kids during visits, most likely because the kids know that their parents aren't into that stuff.

Consider the single parent demographic (which has been growing greatly in the past decade). They don't always get to see their kids. However, they get their child for a weekend in May. They want to take their child out for a day of fun. What might the child like? Well, the parent remembers seeing a commercial for the newest, hottest super hero movie, Infinity War? Let's go see that.

Our communities are very much a bubble. Yes, it *seems* like everyone we know know about Infinity War. However, statistically speaking, it's simply not possible. Word of mouth is strong, but it's not strong enough.

Marketing is necessary. Just because it will break records doesn't mean there's a cap on revenue.
Marketing to people who don't stay "in the know" about the movies. Marketing to the people who walk out of the theater once the credits start.
I don't know why, but this reminds me of Kamina's death in Gurren Lagann.
To be fair, Disney/Marvel has never said "Trailer 2 is this week/next week/etc". Those who are frustrated are doing it to themselves.
Good bot
I'm trying to figure that out. The female voice reminds me of one of the girls on Critical Role, but I can't place it.
> cap falcon

I'm glad I'm not the only one excited for Smash 5.
Judging from his work on *What We Do in the Shadows*, I rather see him direct a Blade movie.
Good bot
Good bot
[Yep](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icelandic_name?wprov=sfla1). In Iceland, children don't take their parents' last name. Instead, they take a parent's first name (usually the father) and add -son or -dottir to the end, depending on the gender of the baby. This is actual law in Iceland. If you want your kid to have a different last name (or even a non-Icelandic first name), it must be approved by the Icelandic Naming Committee.
> Doctor Strange

You shut your whore mouth.
[Blizzard has](https://youtu.be/J2LiUsEOqcU) [a few](https://youtu.be/7sPd6WlNpGo) [anime-esque cinematics](https://youtu.be/rhlkvO6NLnI).
The Warcraft Legends manga is fantastic, even though it's just a collection of short stories.

I don't consider the Varian Wrynn comics as manga.
I bet this guy could pull off a good Saitama cosplay.
Oh wow, I didn't realize that they did my favorite episodes of Community. As an RPG player, the D&D episode was on point. 👌
You won't get it until April, but Entertainment Earth has them.
Had to scroll down waaaaay too far for a Metroid reference. NASA/SETI/Elon Musk needs to get on discovering SR388 *now!*
Ah, okay. I don't remember much of the chase scene (I thought the scene was completely stupid in the first place) so I don't remember the CGI. However, a podcaster I listen to whose familiar with Dubrovnik said that the scene was really distracting/looked terrible to him because he's familiar with the city and that they didn't do enough to make the planet look different from the city. I assumed it was an issue with anyone who is familiar with that city.
It's the city that the casino planet scenes were filmed in.
I think the casino scene looks great for people who haven't seen Dubrovnik before.
Yep, [link](https://www.instagram.com/p/BgJuy0sA61f/?hl=en&taken-by=andyparkart).
>  is no where near enough time to do CGI and editing without the movie turning into more of a mess

That would be a bit ironic, considering the jab Deadpool makes at Justice League in the one trailer.
Yeah, I remember taking a punch in the feels once the twist happened. Up until then, the movie is rather happy and upbeat. I was actually fully expecting the movie to end just after the twist.
And to think that they moved this movie's release date *forward*.
He might show it to you if you bring him PICTURES OF SPIDER-MAN!
I don't think you quite understand what marketing is.

Big cities have billboards up for Infinity War, as we've seen posted on this sub.

Some areas have Disney stores. Disney stores are quite popular. If you walk into a Disney store, it's not going to be 100% Disney Princesses - there's a fair mix of Star Wars and Marvel Studios merch as well. That's all advertising as well.

There's a couple Disney channels that kids like to watch (XD comes to mind). Those will be pushing Infinity War.

Entertainment Weekly is a VERY popular magazine, and we just saw their new covers.

Consider kids. By default, most kids are going to be fans of the MCU (even though they might not quite understand continuity and franchising and so on and so forth). Let's say that a little kid is a big fan of Iron Man. His parents buy him an Iron Man toy. It's specifically one of the recent Infinity War ones. The kid loves it. He takes it to school to play with, as kids do with their toys. His friends see it and like it. He tells them about the Marvel movies. Those kids go home and tell their parents all about Iron Man and Marvel, and so on and so forth.

Marketing to the general audience is happening.
> marketing, and the lack thereof

I don't think you quite understand what marketing is. The posters, the shirts, the toys, stars appearing on random talk shows - that's all marketing. 
There's a scene in one of the episodes where [an elderly person with a cane falls in front of Jeri and someone helps them up. Jeri stops and stares at the person for a bit - you can tell that she's imagining herself in that person's shoes.](/spoiler) It's a little bit heart-wrenching.
> character who does not appear at all before that or after

He appears in The Winter Soldier!
"My cousin talked to" =\= "I talked to"
Let’s dispel with this fiction that Disney doesn’t know what they're doing with the marketing. They know exactly what they're doing.
Pleeeaaase, Lisa! I thought you loooved me! Loooved me!
Too soon. :(
Ragnarok? No, Ragnarok is totally Ruffalo. Ruffalo also said that it's only going to be him from this point forward.
Lou Ferrigno helped voice Hulk in Avengers and Age of Ultron.
It's a marketplace format, so there's all sorts of jobs that have all sorts of deadlines that allow you to choose jobs that suit you. Typically, the shorter the deadline, the higher the rate, but even longer jobs with days-long deadlines have higher rates than most other transcription websites.

That said, for 3Play, you usually aren't doing much typing, at least not compared to other transcription websites. 3Play's tool that auto-transcribes the text already us truly a work of art in this regard. Imagine that you had a paragraph in front you that was missing all of its grammar and had some spelling mistakes. You'd go through it and fix the grammar issues, spelling mistakes, make sure that it lines up with the audio, etc. That's what you're mostly doing at 3Play. Sure, there's the occasional file where there's a soft-spoken or mumbly speaker and the tool just utterly drops the ball, but those aren't that common.
Considering that IW and A4 were filmed together, there's a chance that he ONLY appears in A4. It wouldn't make sense to talk about him if he's not in IW.
EAT YOUR PROTEIN!

Don't have to tell me twice.
It's all supply and demand, like any other work market. There's usually not a lot of jobs around in the afternoons, but the evenings are usually busy.
I feel like a better post-credit scene would have been something related to/hinting at the Sokovia Accords being written up. Maybe a clip of Thunderbolt Ross reviewing damage/casualty information after Sokovia and talking to someone about something needing to be done.
Curious, was the first Avengers underwhelming to you? The first one was a monumental event. Age of Ultron was more or less just a sequel to that. Infinity War is more akin to the first Avengers, with bringing all of the newly-introduced heroes together as well.
> So, uh, is the implication that Thanos' vendetta against Earth was escalated because of Tony's actions and Thanos has a personal grudge with Tony?

Ironically, if this was true, Thanos IS responsible for opening a portal that let the nuke hit Titan.
> And although they called Bucky the white wolf at the end of black panther, that doesn't mean that he actually is the white wolf. It could have been just something that they called him for fanservice.

While someone that hadn't seen Black Panther could probably guess that Bucky could appear in it, you still spilled the beans on *something* happening with Bucky in the movie.
Not to be *that* guy, but you sort of included the spoiler in the title.
You know how MCU movies usually end with the text "[Character] will return" or "[Character] will return in [Movie]"? I'm expecting the final line in Infinity War to be "Thanos will return in Avengers: [Name]".
I know that this movie isn't everyone's favorite, but I personally really enjoy it and I like it a bit more than the first Avengers. It's a very good "pivot" for everyone in general in terms of setting up for future movies: Sokivia happening and being the namesake of the Sokovia Accords, the first mention of Wakanda, Thor's visions and Hulk's departures that lead to Ragnarok, etc. 

This movie is also home to one of my favorite lines in the MCU: "Number six boat is topped and locked. Or, uh, or stocked, topped. It… it’s, uh, full of people." I also love the final conversation between Vision and Ultron.

However, the post-credit scene does confuse me a bit in this. Ultron is a completely Earthborn threat, right? Only brought about by Stark's tinkering with AI? What's up with Thanos putting on the glove and saying, "Fine, I'll do it myself." if he had nothing to do with Ultron? I read a theory on here a couple weeks ago that Ultron was unknowingly setting up for Thanos's arrival, and I feel like now that we know Thanos' motivations from the Entertainment Weekly release yesterday (Thanos rebuilding the universe to prevent senseless chaos and destruction, much like how Ultron wanted to bring order to Earth), this makes more sense.
Thanos' eyes are unsettling.
Good bot.
Makes sense. I recommend giving the Marvel Studios [Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Studios) a read. It's interesting to see how many hoops Marvel had to jump through to get funding for the first set of movies, and how Merrill Lynch wanted to back out of it.
There's something a bit surreal about the photo with the director's chair in the middle of a real set like that. I guess it's just weird to me to see a director's chair outside of a normal studio/stage.
I feel like I'm missing something.
Malcolm's ass is officially canon!
An Infinity War without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair.
It's going to randomly drop around the year 2049 and we're going to think that they're rebooting Infinity War.
I enjoyed Spider-man Homecoming as well.
I'm assuming that he's going to play as some sort of ambassador between Wakanda and the rest of the world.
I've worked at various transcription websites, and I highly, highly recommend [3Play Media](https://www.3playmedia.com/). Their pay rate varies by job, but the longer jobs are usually in the $0.60-0.80/minute range, and short jobs often go over $1/minute. Their support is fantastic and super helpful. You aren't even really doing full transcription for most jobs. They use a tool that automatically transcribes what the speakers are saying, and you're just formatting/adding grammar/fixing questionable audio/etc. It's amazing.

The exam process is pretty rigorous (1 initial file to edit, followed by 5 more where you're learning to use their tool), but it's totally worth it if you pass. Work demand permitting, you can make well over $400 a month working at 3Play.

Edit: I've realized that 3Play has revamped their front page since I applied to them. The application area is hard to find out, but [here's a link to it](https://www.3playmedia.com/company/jobs/contract-work/).
Yes indeed, OP! The Internet gods have answered your prayers! Begging for help is a thing of the past, thanks to the new innovative way to get answers in an instant! Introducing **USB**, short for **Use the Search Bar**! **Use the Search Bar** is the ideal way to quickly find answers to your questions, with few brain cells required!

Simply use your eyes! These are usually located in front of your face. Direct your eyes to your screen at the results provided by the Search Bar. Are they much more useful and informative than the responses found in a brand new thread, responses that are mostly incomplete, in which the OP must willingly sit and wait for hours for the responses to come in? If yes, then there is no need to make a new thread! **Use the Search Bar** will tell you all you need to know about potential ways of making money in an incredibly efficient manner! It's perfect for Americans, Europeans, and even Indians!

Find a result that isn't helpful at all? Then pass right over it, sonny! Find the perfect online job that fits your needs? Tell your wife/girlfriend - okay, who am I kidding? - mother, sister, friends about how you found your job via **Use the Search Bar**! Sit back and watch the fireworks!

It's astounding!

It's amazing!

It's, best of all, free to use with no downloads required!

Ladies and gentlemen, celebrate! Dance on the rooftops for the age of **USB**! **Use the Search Bar** has arrived!!!
I feel like the glove would work "better" if the stones were ring pops that were poking through the glove.
Your work always makes me happy, even if both of my eyes are inside my head. ♥️
Yeah, I noticed this too. Mine also didn't have the scene with Yondu. I got the Blu-ray/DVD steelbook from Best Buy.
Hasn't Marvel said that they're withholding the name of A4 for now because it spoils the end of IW? I'm expecting the final line to reveal the name with "Thanos will return in Avengers: [Name]".
I don't know why, but I read this in Wilson Fisk's voice instead.
Yeah, I agree that the story is slow this time around, but I think every character fantastic, and I think that keeps every scene interesting. I'm just starting episode 5 and the mystery is hooking me so far.

I'm actually liking [spoiler](#s "Hogarth's") storyline because IIRC, this is the first time that a character has faced [spoiler](#s "a life-threatening disease like ALS") in the MCU. For a franchise like the MCU where characters usually meet their demise via heroic sacrifices, villains, betrayals, etc, it feels a bit weird to know that she's facing an inevitable demise years down the line from this, and it's sort of.... neat? seeing her plan for it.
[I wish I was kidding](https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/82vu2k/jessica_jones_season_2_premiere_discussion/dvdkok7/).
I normally don't care for sexy scenes in movies and TV shows (the internet exists, after all), but I particularly enjoyed that scene with Hogarth. I think only because it was in the MCU.
Obama's working with Netflix? I'd love a cameo appearance in a future Luke Cage season.
Go check out r/television. Plenty of people aren't liking the season. Common complaints are that it moves incredibly slow, the story seems like a mess without Killgrave, they don't care about some of the characters' stories this season, etc.

There's people saying that they're dipping out of the Netflix MCU shows after this JJ season. There's even some people claiming that Iron Fist is a better show than this season because IF's story moves at a faster pace, which seems *crazy* to me. However, the most common praise seems to be that all of the actors definitely nail their characters.

I'm personally loving this season. 
Comic author's website can be found [here](http://extrafabulouscomics.com/)! I love his work.
I'm weirdly the opposite. I can't seem to get invested in Agents of SHIELD, the most integrated TV show of them all, at all. However, I love most of the Netflix shows and Runaways.
What a way to include the spoiler in the title.
I don't know anyone with the disease, but the scene with Hogarth talking about her ALS with Jessica hit me in the feels. It was weird hearing her plan her end-of-life.
Hahahaha I was thinking the same thing. I thought it was Jeff Goldblum when he opened the door. After a bit, I thought he looked more like Martin Freeman.

Jeff Freeman? Martin Goldblum? Jeffin Goldman? Marff Freeblum?
I normally don't care for sexy scenes in movies and TV shows (the internet exists, after all), but I particularly enjoyed that scene with Hogarth. I think only because it was in the MCU.
I remember hearing Wesley say, "Maybe if he had an iron suit or a magic hammer, that would explain why you keep getting your asses handed to you" in DD S1 and getting incredibly hyped from it. Then, the constant use of non-names since then started feeling cliche. I'm glad that they're using actual names now.
Once the show premieres over on Freeform, yes.
Yeah, that's what I was feeling. His business relationship with Hogarth is much different than it was with Matt, and he hasn't quite gotten that yet. It was hard to watch Hogarth shut him down.
Obligatory which episode is this?
Jessica (and I think someone else too but I don't remember) talk about the "Raft". The Raft is the name of the prison that Scott, Wanda, Sam, and Clint are kept in at the end of Civil War.
I don't have a source, but a few years ago whenever Toby Fox met with Nintendo, he mentioned that a hypothetical 3DS/Wii U port would be very hard to do. This could be related to that.
There was a Civil War reference! Finally! The last things to happen in this universe weren't the Battle of New York and the Harlem Terror!
I'm only two episodes in, but I'm the same way. Yeah, the story seems a little... lost? but I enjoy the characters so much that I don't really mind.

It was the same with Defenders for me. I know the show had a lot of mixed reception, and I agree. A hole-filled story, a shamefully-wasted actress, the overall feeling that it was sort of Iron Fist season 1.5. However, the camaraderie between the heroes was *fantastic* and that kept me hooked.
It's 50% of my income. Half of my income is from UHRS, the other half is from a gig I have with Lionbridge. On weeks where SEB is up, I get well above $600-700 total. Weeks without it, I don't look at UHRS at all.
Same here. It's also been 12 hours since my report last legitimately updated.

Edit: it's fixed now.
If you're checking via the Netflix app, you may need to reinstall it. I had to do that and I could see the season afterwards.
Nope. References are minor.
The first half of LC is great. I really like it. However, a plot twist happens halfway through, and the story just goes down the drain after that.

IF is garbage.

The Defenders gets a lot of mixed reception. I personally enjoyed it and I've rewatched it. The story has a lot of holes, one actress is shamefully wasted, and the show sort of feels like Iron Fist season 1.5, but the camaraderie between the four heroes is *fantastic*.
It's been at the top of my Netflix app here in the US for about a week now.
Technically, all Vibranium comes from space.
Stormbreaker not having an enchantment is theory, but using the scene to hype up Vision lifting the hammer is a fact. The scene would have had a much softer impact if time wasn't spent showing that literally no one else could lift it.
The first 3 phases would solely be about the first revolution that Korg tried to do.

After that, I wouldn't change a thing. Phase 4 would kick off with Iron Man 1.
Curious, what was your reaction when Hulk was introduced in the gladiator ring in Ragnarok?
Wakanda is known to the world. An average person in the MCU could find it on a map. However, the metropolis is hidden.
10/10, expected a Call of Duty reference.
Aren't all Google services blocked in China?
This made me feel anger all over again for that one Apple commercial where the girl on an iPad asks, "What's a computer?"
Yep. The production crew does this, and Tyrion even does it in season 2.
I don't see why two threads for the same website, minutes apart, in the same sub, is necessary.

For a website based around research, I'm surprised to see someone fail researching Reddiquette like this.
[TotalBiscuit's review](https://youtu.be/gCjuFpQ3EeA) of that mount is fucking fantastic. I miss when he used to play WoW.
Curious, does iSoftStone offer positions that aren't UHRS? I've been thinking of applying, but I already do UHRS through Clickworker.
I don't know if it varies by project, but support for my project (map analyst) is based in Ireland. I'm in the Central US. As a result, a lot of the emails I get (but not all) come in around 4-6am for me. I'll get the occasional one in the late morning (10-11am) as well.
The first one is one of my favorite movies simply because I love anything that's Gundam-esque and well-made. One of the biggest complaints on this sub from the trailers is that it feels like the Jaegers were weightless, totally opposite of the first film. Is that how they felt in this one?
I'll enjoy the movie, but a documentary would be interesting as well. I remember an episode where Sal illegally touched a statue (I think?). He faced a lawsuit, but the studio secretly paid it off and they were going to prank him with the court hearings. That episode went a little bit behind the scenes with the producer, and I really wanted to see more of that.
50% of the script is "Larry! Hey, Larry! LARRY! LARRY!"
It's for the Chitauri Church, honey!
Why?
Fun fact about Sam Rockwell's performance. I live in Springfield, Missouri. Before he filmed Three Billboards, he came down here and spent a couple weeks with one of Springfield's police officers to get the Missouri accent and mannerisms down.
I'm a total board game nerd. I hope this turns out to be good. Those dice make me hard.
Logan got nominated for best adapted screenplay this year! Didn't win, though. :(
Yeah, I learned that shortly after MoP released. You can totally hear Pooh in his voice. Whenever I'm leveling an alt through Pandaria, it's hard not to hear Pooh lol.
My fiance and I have one. He was an indoor cat until about a year ago whenever he got outside. He loves the outdoors now, so he's mostly an outdoors cat now (besides dinner time and cold days/nights).
Oh yeah, thats right. He's Lorewalker Cho.
You should specify that he did a ton of voices in Legion. He didn't do much in the other expansions.

That said, he did most of the voices for the Karazhan adventure in Hearthstone. It sounds like you're fighting him every other boss.
For those that enjoy the Digimon movie (specifically the first two parts), I encourage you to look up the anime movie *Summer Wars*. It's from the same director. The plot of the movie is pretty similar to the second part of the Digimon movie (when they go online), but it's still really good.
It's subjective IMO. I don't enjoy SHIELD, but I really like Runaways and *most* of the Netflix series.
VULTURES, NED! ON AN OPEN FIELD!
Actually I'm going to rewatch it a lot, like the other MCU movies.
Not to mention that The Circle had rediculously bad reviews as well. I'm usually not one to let reviews stop me from seeing a movie, but I enjoy light tech movies like *Her* and the reviews for The Circle let me know that I wasn't going to get what I wanted out of it, so I shipped it.
Yep! I'll be picking it up tomorrow for my collection.
Marvel's back at it with the copycat villains. /s
I can't help but think of the Simpsons episode whenever Homer hangs out with Ray Romano, but no one sees him. Whenever the scene happens where Stephen Hawking explains that the person was hidden by a cosmic anomaly at one point, it's Stephen Strange instead.
I was about to ask the same thing. My friend that I visit once a year has one hanging on his fridge. Every year whenever I see it, I always say "This oven mitt is awesome," and he always says something along the lines of "Yeah, it was recalled. I didn't want to send it back."
Right? I pretty much log onto UHRS twice a day, in the morning and the early evening. If I don't see SEB, I close it and continue on with my day.

That said, SEB has been having big weekly batches for the last month or so. I hope it keeps up.
For those of you that regularly participate in airdrops, what do you actually do with the coins you receive? Do you hold them? Do you sell for a currency you actually care about? I recently received an EthLend airdrop. After reading about the project, I can't say that I care about it.
Yeah, this is what I was thinking. Enjin itself is already heavily used by Minecraft players and MMO guilds. With Blizzard having a higher emphasis on their games connecting together recently (SC1 connecting to modern Battlenet, SC1 and SC1HD playing together, recent announcement that WC3 is getting development again, etc), I could see them adopting ENJ.

Then again, I'd also expect Blizzard just to develop whatever they need themselves.
Real talk, if this was the first show to get a lot of crossover into the movies, how would everyone feel? Happy that TV>movie crossover was actually happening? Angry because it's *Inhumans* of all things?
That's a bit surprising. IMAX marketed the fuck out of it because they funded (part of?) it. The first two episodes even got an IMAX theater release, but they bombed.
I gave the first couple episodes a watch because I didn't want to totally write it off and wanted to judge it for myself. I also work from home and have a lot of time to watch a lot of shows. It sucked, but at a certain point, I felt obligated to see the dumpster fire through.

I actually enjoyed the Black Bolt/Maximus scenes in the finale... And that was about it.
You seem to know more than me about this chair: where's the hole?
I'm not *too* familiar with the comics (recently got into All-New All-Different Doctor Strange by Jason Aaron and Chris Bachalo), but the recent comics had an arc where magic was mostly wiped out from Earth/our dimension, and it lead to various villains and other evil-doers showing up to take on Doctor Strange. It was basically a few issues where he would escape/be stolen away from one villain's dimension, just to fall/be dragged into another villain's dimension. It climaxed with one villain bringing Strange back to Earth just in time for Dormammu to materialize and begin his assault. It was really, really good.
I'll be honest, if you're looking to perform better in some of the areas that you mentioned that you've tried, this isn't the best subreddit to ask that. This sub is mostly people just looking to get by and/or supplement their income.

> thrifting

You mean, like, flipping? Buying something at a thrift store and selling it for a profit online? Check out r/flipping.

>day trading

Depends on what you want to day trade. This is something that requires a lot of research and risk to get into. If you're in the US, r/robinhood is a good place to start in terms of stocks, and for cryptocurrency, check out r/cryptocurrency. Both of those have lots of related subreddits as well. It's a real rabbit hole for you to go down. However, since day-trading is something that tends to happen realtime, I highly recommend getting involved in one of the Discord servers for either Robinhood or Cryptocurrency, depending on whatever route you go.

> surveys

I recommend [PrizeRebel](https://www.prizerebel.com/index.php?r=7278485) ([non-ref link](https://www.prizerebel.com)) for product- and consumer-related surveys, and [Prolific Academic](https://www.prolific.ac/p?ref=X1GC2HQ1) ([non-ref link](https://www.prolific.ac)) for academic surveys. You won't make *a lot* from these, but you'll make a fair amount.

Edit: I've come to find out that at least 10 people have signed up for Prolific Academic using my referral link! Thank you! I really appreciate it.
with Clickworker - US, I've been enjoying a healthy diet of SEB over the last couple of months.
Yeah, me too. I loved him and I wish he got a bit more screen time, but he really isn't much more than a terrorist that's just out for his own good.
Best bot.
That's my hope. I looooove the movie, but it barely scratches the surface for how weird the comics get.
She shows up a lot in the DS comics as well. IIRC, Stephen is partially responsible for teaching her how to focus her power.
Hype, this looks really cool.

The Ragnarok one releases Tuesday!
I haven't read the theory, but this was what I was thinking originally. Otherwise, the post-credit scene with Thanos putting the Gauntlet on didn't quite make sense, given that Ultron was a completely Earth-born threat.
Dread it. Run from it. Morpha still arrives.
This is it for me too. I remember watching the season finale. Fisk gets arrested. Matt is celebrating with Foggy and Karen. Wasn't a climatic wrap-up, but this was the first Netflix MCU series and I wasn't sure what to expect. Then, Fisk started into that speech. I remember being tense the entire time, and then his escape happened.

I can't wait to get more of him in a future DD season.
This is me right now. My fiance hit a deer and my car completely died *within 32 hours* of each other last month. She's fixed her car and I got a new one. We'll be fine once we make it through April, but it's going to be a rough month or two lol.
Yeah, luckily my job doesn't involve social media anymore, and I look at Facebook maybe once a week. I'm the same way with Star Wars, GoT, and the MCU, and my girlfriend's optimal day for movie viewing is still Mondays, so I basically avoid Reddit Thursdays-Mondays the week of a big release. I miss the initial hype wave of a big release, but it's worth it.

Luckily, she's actually getting the Thursday that Infinity War releases off, so I don't have to worry about that this time around.
Are coffee pots made of tempered glass too? I've been wondering why mine doesn't break whenever I immediately wash it after pouring coffee.
I was working as a mod for Facebook for a short time whenever TFA came out (basically I looked at posts that were reported). I couldn't see TFA until the Monday after it released. That Saturday, I was spoiled by a reported post that was a GIF of Han's death taken by someone's cell phone. It was a tiny GIF too, so I was squinting at it until it donned on me what I was watching.

I didn't hate that job, but boy was it monotone and mostly boring.
I'm a Map Analyst for Apple. Coincidentally, a large part of my job involves business location verification using Google Street View. 90% of my job involves US maps. I'm constantly amazed whenever I find a business next to one of the narrowest, trashiest alleys I've ever seen, and it has Street View down it.

I've recently started finding waterways that have Street View via boat (this is most common in the San Francisco Bay area) and the occasional business that has Street View inside of it.
At least the Netflix series haven't forgotten about TIH either!
Hahahaha the keychain one? I have the same one.
I played it safe and ordered one from [here](https://www.entertainmentearth.com/prodinfo.asp?number=HSE0491&id=CO-408272913).
Real talk, sometimes the teacher talking about their personal life meant that, at the end of the class, the teacher didn't feel like they had adequately explained the subject material yet and didn't assign homework.
Ant-Man seems like the odd one out:

* He's the only hero that, outside of Falcon, no one has had prior experience with going into the airport scene in CW. Tony knew about Peter Parker and already had a suit for him. Everyone knew about T'Challa after the chase scene. Sam just shows up with Scott just before the airport scene, and it's everyone else's first time meeting him.

* judging from the Ant-Man & the Wasp trailer, Scott & Co. are on the run. They're most likely in hiding and have no contact with anyone on the Avengers team. Of course, we don't know how Scott gets out of captivity after CW (yet).

* The Pym Particle technology is extremely hard to figure out. New technology takes time to develop. We didn't see any similar type of shrinking/growing technology in Wakanda, did we?

* I feel like Scott is extremely reluctant to hand out the Pym Particle tech, just like Hank. They most likely wouldn't unless A) the threat of Thanos is immediate (but this goes back to an earlier point, new tech takes time to develop), or B) Hank sees that the addition of vibranium can GREATLY enhance the suit. However, there is a chance that Tony studied the suit while Scott was in captivity after CW and gained some information from that.

I personally don't see Scott getting any vibranium upgrades, but who knows? Maybe Marvel will surprise me.
While movies are usually greatly cut down between the first cut and the theatrical cut, Marvel Studios isn't a studio that butchers a movie on the cutting floor (a la *Suicide Squad* and *Warcraft*). "Rushed" isn't something that MCU movies feel. In addition to the evidence that the movie will stay around 2:30, Marvel knows that this movie will need ample time to breathe and for each character to get a respectable amount of screentime.
Tell that to LOTR.
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'm.........
It bugs me that the months aren't in the correct order in the photo album.
Part Samus.
I just wish that it felt like YouTube was on the same page as the rest of Google. I love watching Google I/O every year and seeing everything new that the various Google departments come up with. However, every time someone from YouTube takes the stage, it feels like they're trying to appeal to a completely different audience than the speakers before them (and that audience most likely isn't watching a developer conference like I/O).
From my point of view, the first 18 movies before Infinity War were all marketing.
Game of Thrones S03E03 - "Walk of Punishment"

There's other episodes of GoT that are more epic and more fantastic, but this is just a plain fun episode to watch. Every scene in it is perfect and feels like it has weight to it. I've rewatched every season several times, but this is the episode I enjoy the most. 

Star Trek Deep Space 9 S01E10 - "Move Along Home"

I consider myself a Trekkie, but I hadn't got around to watching DS9 until sometime last year. This was the episode that hooked me to it. It's an interesting take on the *Jumanji* idea. Seeing the commanders tackle each new challenge was neat. Quark's entire interaction with the aliens and his realization of what was actually happening in the game is fantastic. The twist at the end puts a lighthearted feel to the whole episode. It's just a really fun watch overall.
This does put a smile on my face.
> Castelvania

Literally unreadable.
They've had anime for years, but the selection had always been lacking until 2017.
As someone who enjoyed Runaways, this being better than Runaways would make it fantastic.
Scott Buck has two things going for him: he gets shows done under-budget and ahead of schedule.

Executives like this. I feel like he was a last resort option for Marvel TV, considering that timing is everything.
This. I can't not see Bill Hader.
I love Cumberbatch as Strange. I'm currently trying to get the same hairstyle as him.

The facial hair is surprisingly hard to get right.
Or they'll have to solve a murder together.
I just watched *What We Do in the Shadows* for the first time last week. Such a hilarious movie. This guy's a ~~national~~ galactic treasure.

Edit: there, I fixed it.
Not yet. This is my second week. I haven't even gotten my first review yet.
This episode is by far my favorite episode in the whole series. Yeah, there's other episodes that are more epic and fantastic. The battle of the Bastards, the battle at the Wall, etc. However, this is the one that I have the most fun watching and I've rewatched the most. Nearly every scene is perfect.

One detail that I picked up this time that I never caught before, though: during the opening, whenever Edmure is missing his grandfather's boat, I never caught that Robb is trying to hold back a laugh and Catelyn scolds him. That's hilarious.
Did this happen before or after the guy that slammed his head on the spike? I forget which, but watching DD s1 on release day, it was one of those scenes that made me realize how much more brutal the Netflix series were going to be compared to the movies.
I call this the Sid Meier Effect.
It is confirmed that April 2nd is the cutoff for the limited edition.

Not sure about the extras being available separately after.
To add on a bit:

The SNES version is the original game. This one is also on the Wii eShop (not Wii U, sadly).

The DS version is the original + anime cutscenes done by Toei Animation (DBZ) + 2 new dungeons and a new boss + improved controls.

There's also a PS1 version that only has the extra cutscenes, and I think that version is available on PS3 as well.

As someone who has played every version except the mobile versions, my vote for the current "definitive" version is the DS one.
I'm so excited to see the cool tricks Doctor Strange can do with everyone else. We've already seen [the scene in the leaked SDCC footage with Strange making the "platforms" for Quill to jump across](/spoiler).
I'm an oddball where I've seen every MCU movie in theaters and I actually really like Iron Man 3 and Age of Ultron. However, after Suicide Squad, my fiance and I decided to stop seeing DCEU movies in theaters. Wonder Woman did turn out good, but even the marketing and trailers for JL felt... Eh. It's just remarkable how underwhelming JL seemed to be for the market as a whole.

We'll probably see Aquaman in theaters though, 'cause Jason Momoa.
Minor spoiler, but at the end, T'Challa announces a program to fund Wakandan Outreach Centers around the world to help support those that need help. I like to think that this Disney announcement is sort of a minor extension of that from the movie.
> So your money will go towards DC

Right, because DC has such an amazing track record already.
IM3 is actually my favorite IM.
I like how they circled the faces in case we missed them.
You've NEVER heard of *The Lord of the Rings*? Really? And you've been a redditor for over a year?
We actually went to two different IMAX's showings that day. They were both the first showings for both of those IMAX's. 

So, yes, we went to multiple opening nights.
I use [this car mount](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01BZC262Q?ref=yo_pop_ma_swf) and I haven't had any issues with it activating GA.
I'm from Missouri. Everyone cheered during the GotG2 opening.
In my case, I never accidently activate it when I'm picking it off a desk or nightstand. But when I'm pulling it out of my pocket, I sometimes accidentally activate it. My headcanon is that my phone might snag on my belt or something as I'm pulling it out, so I grip harder.

I'm currently trying to see if I can get it to accidentally activate by grabbing it off my counter, but it's really hard to consciously do it.
That's odd, I've never had the issue while changing volume. QA issue?
Grammarly says my sentence is fine. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
If it's a series that I'm not particularly into but I still enjoy (say, the Harry Potter franchise), I prefer it to be quiet. However, if it's a movie like Avengers, a movie where there's a ton of anticipation and hype building up to it, I completely understand. I'm not one to cheer, I'm big into the MCU and I felt that it the crowd hype made my particular viewing better.
Weren't the Defenders started by Doctor Strange and Hulk in the comics? Not saying that they're needed for the show (they're sort of the opposite of "street level" anyways), but I like that their origin is not-so-humble.

I'm excited to see more heroes eventually be brought into it, and I hope that the Punisher eventually does tango with them, though I do appreciate the lone wolf vibe that he has.
I'm imagining a scene where a couple of crooks plan to break into the Sanctum Sanctorum because they just see it as a big mansion and assume that someone old and rich lives there. Meanwhile, Daredevil is on a rooftop, doing his usual "listen for crime" thing. He hears them begin breaking in, he goes to stop them. He arrives, finds a broken window, enters. He stumbles upon Doctor Strange doing whatever he wants with the crooks.

Idk how everyone else would fit in, though. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
r/CatsRidingRoombas as well.
So.. Iron Man and Ant-Man aren't super heroes?
0/6, no actual stones in the picture.
I'm imagining, like a toddler, Hulk can't articulate the "T" and he says "Dony". Realistically, it'll probably be something like "metal man".
I wouldn't necessarily rule Defenders out just yet. I think that show can really flourish once it's not forced to stick to a beaten-to-death Hand story and it's not feeling like Iron Fist season 1.5.
This is what I was thinking. At some point in the future (assuming Sony doesn't do anything stupid), Spider-man will most likely become a leader once Tom Holland is a bit older and his coming-of-age arc is complete.
Yeah, CR and Funimation are owned by the same parent company, and VRV came out of that. That must have been a recent change, I have VRV and I binge one of the DBZ sagas every couple months or so using it. I didn't notice until someone asked me in another thread what service to watch DBZ on and I was browsing VRV lol.

Netflix doesn't have a lot of the mainstream anime, but they've been greatly increasing their anime library over the last year or so, so I would look at them as well.
I wish I could go back to the night my fiance and I saw Civil War in theaters. It was opening night at IMAX. The crowd was incredibly hyped. They cheered whenever Black Panther first appeared in the suit, "QUEENS" appeared on screen, Ant-Man went Giant-Man, and during [this shot](https://i.imgur.com/TV4ivhH.jpg).
I feel like this is most likely what will happen. For the Nexus phones, Google really didn't do much outside of just hiring a company to make the new Nexus each year. That's why each generation seemed completely different from the last. With the Pixels, it's obvious that Google has much more input on the design, and with Google acquiring the HTC phone hardware team, maybe they'll keep the design consistent going forward?
I actually just realized that VRV doesn't actually have everything that Funimation Now does. Funimation Now has Dragon Ball, Z, GT, and Super. VRV only has Super. That sort of grinds my gears lol.
I meant phone model lines like the Galaxies, the Pixels, the Xperias, etc. I couldn't think of better wording. I mentioned being a happy Fi customer since most of their phones (minus the X4) available are Pixels.
You can ask GA something without unlocking, but it will immediately ask you to unlock it after asking. However, with the fingerprint scanner, it's really easy to unlock while grabbing/squeezing it.
You can watch the show on a service called Funimation Now. Funimation now has Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, Dragon Ball GT, and Dragon Ball Super. Chronologically, DB is first, and it's good, but quite a bit relaxed compared to Z. DBZ happens after DB, but you don't need to have watched DB to understand what's happening in Z. There's two sequel series, GT and Super. GT wasn't made by Akira Toriyama (outside of character design IIRC) so it's not canon. Super began in the last few years and it's the true sequel series to Z.

There's also DBZ Kai. One of the main criticisms of DBZ is how long it is and how long everything takes, so DBZ Kai was created as sort of a remaster of DBZ that cuts out a lot of filler, speeding everything up. It's still pretty great as well. However, I think Funimation Now only has the Blu-ray bonus features of Kai, which is weird.

DB has a couple movies. DBZ has a ton of movies. DBS currently has 2 movies. GT has 1. The movies aren't canon and you don't need to watch them to get the full story, but they're still pretty great and are worth the watch. They're all on Funimation Now too except for the DBS movies, Battle of the Gods and Resurrection 'F'. It should be noted that the DBS movies themselves aren't canon. However, Toriyama wanted them to be canon, but since the movies have lower viewerships than the shows themselves and people may miss out on story, the first 27 episodes of DBS are a retelling of the two movies.

If you decide to start watching, definitely enjoy it!
Google Buzz, Google Plus, Reddit.
Nope! My background is actually accounting. The interview/onboarding process involved a ton of questions about maps and navigation, a 10-hour class, and a 6-hour exam. Despite taking college exams, that particular exam was probably the most stressful exam I've ever taken.
Ah that's true, my mistake.
I'm an analyst for Apple Maps. Before I landed this job, I actually enjoyed exploring areas with Google Streetview. This job partially involves that, and I actually really like it.
I use the VRV app.

It's a paid service, though. I feel like someone asking this question isn't shelling out money for Crunchyroll/Funimation Now.
VHS actually did dominate the world for a time. HD DVD's time was very brief.
Hitomi Tanaka
Ren & Stimpy
Pay off my debts, pay off my girlfriend's debts, buy a desk, buy a nice office chair, throw the rest in cryptocurrency.
Before Blu-ray came about, HD DVD. I remember seeing it everywhere movies were sold. Then, I notice Blu-ray coming about and becoming a competitor. My brother told me to expect Blu-ray to win out. A couple years later, no more HD DVD.
Toggl. It's a time tracker app for both Android and iOS. There's other time tracker apps if Toggl doesn't float your boat.

A big thing is time management. Use an app like this to track **everything** that you do during the day, even sleep and free time. If you keep up with it, you'll probably find yourself naturally trying to be more productive and efficient, and possibly gamifying your productivity.
"How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big" by Scott Adams, the creator of Dilbert.  Someone whose become a lot more entrepreneurial in the last couple of years in an effort to escape the rat race that is a regular job, and that book got me to realize that I'm probably going to fail *a lot* before I succeed. All that matter is that I don't lose hope and I learn from everything.
Human Resource Machine.

I've yet to sit down and teach myself a programming language, but I like games that teach the overall concepts of programming itself. I'll usually get as far as possible before I get burnt out, come back a few months later and wipe my progress, and notice how fast it takes me to get back I where I was. I notice that I'm retaining quite a few if the concepts.

Also, Mini Metro. I want to regularly do the daily challenge because I feel like I'm actually improving some sort of management skill. However, if I'm really busy one day and miss, it'll likely cause me to forget about it for a few weeks, until I notice the icon again.
You probably did, but Netflix adds/removes things regularly.
I'd be googling bear recipes.
The last thing I've consumed is water.

There's a "yo dog" or Inception joke somewhere in there.
Dragon Ball Z.

I'll binge one of the sagas every couple of months or so. And yes, I've been following DB Super.
If "National Treasure" actually happened, but Nicholas Cage got caught with the Declaration of Independence, what charges would he face? How much prison time would that be?
February is normally 28 days, which is exactly 4 weeks.

If today is Monday and you progress time by 7 days, what will it be? Monday.

If today is Monday, and going progress time by 7 days 4 times, what day is today? Monday still.

If today is Monday *February 1st* and you progress time by 7 days 4 times (28 days total, the length of February), what's today's date? Monday, March 1st.

Leap day throws this off because the extra day makes every day of March be a day "late".
You're that ninja!
Depends on what they plan on doing. I suggest playing Mario Kart for a first meeting.
In before r/PrequelMemes and r/Freefolk
Metal Gear Solid
I think it's time we blow this scene. Get everybody and the stuff together. Okay, three, two, one, let's jam.
Non-FF game essentially made by the same team: either Chrono Trigger or Super Mario RPG.

Actual FF game: 4 (2 in the US). Cecil's story and character development is something there I found fantastic, especially whenever so many RPGs have silent protagonists. I also really like the final Battle with Zeromus, with everyone coming together to empower the heroes.

Also, FF4 has *the best* glitches.
Charles's death in Logan.

Logan saying "It wasn't me" while holding him absolutely kills me.
My fiance used to work front desk at a hotel at night. I would occasionally sit in the lobby and keep her company. I work online, so I'd usually either have my laptop with me, or my Nintendo Switch whenever there wasn't any work to do/hotel internet was bad.

It's about 4pm on a Saturday. I'm minding my own business, sitting in a chair, playing Zelda on my Nintendo Switch. My girlfriend is training a new guy who was hired a week ago. He's happy because he's been mainly trained on overnights and this is an evening shift, so it's going to be much busier than what he's used to. It was slower than what I'm used to seeing, but it wasn't dead. He's also half-black. You can tell because his skin is pretty dark. This is somewhat important later.

Owner's policy is that anyone checking in who lives within 80 miles of the city must have a major credit card on file for incidentals. This is to prevent the more seedy types from getting a room. The radius was 50 miles, until an incident that happened involving a police officer getting shot.

Two black men in their twenties come in with their reservation. They were from a town that was 67 miles away. They didn't have a major credit card, so they were turned away. Moments later, they return with a black woman. She will be W in this dialogue and my girlfriend will be, well, GF. It's been a awhile since this happened, so this isn't an exact retelling.

>W: Can you tell me what you just told them?
>
>GF: Since you live within 80 miles of here, we require that you have a major credit card on file with us.
>
>W: What's the point of that?
>
>GF: That's the owner's policy. I cannot break it.
>
>W: My sister just stayed at this hotel a couple weeks ago and we're from the same town!
>
>GF: The policy was tightened because of an incident involving an officer being shot last week. It's possible that she visited before the policy was changed.
>
>W: So we can't stay here because someone got shot here last week? Why? How does that make sense?
>
>GF: I just explained it. That's our owner's policy. I cannot break it because I'll lose my job.
>
>W: These guys play for <MiLB Team>! They stay here all the time!
>
>GF: I cannot break our policy.
>
>W: <Town> is over 90 miles away! It's an over two hour drive!
>
>GF: (Checking a paper) Our record shows that <Town> is 67 miles away. You need a major credit card.
>
>Guy with W: (Looking at his phone) No, Google says it's 92 miles away.

I google it myself. Google Maps shows that the town is 67 **miles** away, and a 92 **minute** drive.

>W: You're wrong!
>
>GF: I'm sorry, I have to go by our records.
>
>W: Explain it to me again why you can't rent to us.
>
>GF: Our owner's policy is that if you live within 80 miles of this city, you need a major credit card for incidentals. You are from <Town>. That is 67 miles away. You need a major credit card to check in or else I can't rent to you because I am not risking my job.
>
>W: That's BULLSHIT! My sister just stayed here! <Town> is 92 MILES AWAY! It takes longer than 2 hours every time!
>
>GF: I'm sorry, I cannot break our owner's policy. If you continue raising your voice at me, I'm going to ask you to leave or else I will call the police.
>
>W: It won't be necessary to call the cops because I AM NOT RAISING MY VOICE AT ALL! WE'RE LEAVING!

The three turned around to leave. They pass some guests walking in on their way out. One of the guys asks the lady "why won't they rent to us?", to which she responds with "they won't rent to us because they're RACIST!". They got into their car and waited for a bit before they left. I could see the lady yelling into a phone.

After they were out of sight, we had a good laugh about it. The trainee pointed out that we were clearly racist because the hotel did hire him. My girlfriend said that the MiLB players that come to the hotel always cause problems. Luckily, that was the height of the excitement for the night.
I'm not terrible at it, but I've cracked eggs probably hundreds of times and I still get really nervous whenever I do it. I'm always afraid that I'm going to shatter the shell into whatever I'm making or make a big mess.
FWIW I made the profile on PlentyOfFish. Tinder didn't exist yet.
Not a girl, but as someone who once made a female profile on a dating website *for science*..... Holy fuck do girls get a *ton* of messages. That probably plays a part.
Melatonin.
What's the trip to? What do you mean that the teachers are breaking down?
I highly suggest getting a time tracking app on your phone and actively track how long it takes you to do everything that you do during your day. Track your free/lazy times as well. If you keep up with it, you'll find yourself naturally trying to be more efficient during the day, sort of gamifying it in a way. My app of choice is Toggl, and I believe it's on both Android and iOS.
South Africa.
The Ace Attorney anime (if you haven't played the games).
I like collecting weird and obscure video games and accessories. My favorite piece is probably the [GameCube keyboard controller](https://i.imgur.com/eaQQEuq.jpg).
Yeah, this. I used to work fast food. Hated the job, but I always felt a bit of satisfaction if we just finished a lunch/dinner rush and our times were good.
They sometimes vary by store, though. I used to work at a Sonic for several years. When I first started there, we had Frito pies, but we eventually got rid of them and everything else that used Fritos. I started seeing Frito pies listed for Sonic in various secret menu articles and websites, but that wasn't true for my location - we didn't have Fritos at all anymore. It's been a couple years since I quit, though, so I don't know if my store ever got them back.
I was 13 when the Wii came out. I was a Nintendo nerd then (still am), but due to the Wii shortages at the time, I didn't have one. My birthday rolled around and my older brother gave me a birthday card. I opened it. There was a couple dollars in it (the usual) and a receipt fell out. I assumed that he left the receipt from buying the card in it for some reason and just tossed it aside. He told me to pick it back up and read it.

It was a receipt for a Wii and a copy of Wii Play. I was beyond excited for it. He got me Wii Play as well just because it came with an extra Wiimote.

I still the Wii. It's between my Dreamcast and Wii U.
One summer, whenever I was a little kid and on a vacation, I actually got one at a convenience store and counted licks. I think I got somewhere in the 200s whenever the outer layer got extremely thin and I accidentally bit through it.
I highly suggest getting a time tracking app on your phone and actively track how long it takes you to do everything that you do during your day. Track your free/lazy times as well. If you keep up with it, you'll find yourself naturally trying to be more efficient during the day. My app of choice is Toggl, and I believe it's on both Android and iOS.

I also recommend reading the productivity books "Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-free Productivity" by David Allen, and "How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big" by Scott Adams (creator of Dilbert). I also recommend a great podcast about Productivity called Cortex.
To die in my own bed, at the age of 80, with a belly full of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock.
Tactical Espionage Avocado.
I didn't grow up playing many PS1 games so I don't really care for Ape Escape or Spyro, but I enjoy Hot Shots Golf.

That said, I find Ape Escape speedruns to be very fun and relaxing to watch.
[Obligatory.](https://youtu.be/U4pMQv46vz4)
If you haven't played the games and don't know the cases, the Ace Attorney anime is actually pretty good. The later cases get pretty intricate.

Also, shoutout to r/anime.
This is more of an r/relationships question.
Gold: world quests

Mounts: they come from virtually everything.

Gear: raiding, mythic+ dungeons
Logan.

Yeah, it's a comic book movie, and there's objectively sadder movies out there. But whenever two very iconic characters die after being played by the same very good actors for 17 years (one with a very unceremonious death), it just tears you up.
Not me, but my best friend. He moved to California to be an aspiring actor. He was a contestant on Let's Make a Deal in the fall of 2016. He won $1800. However, as is the policy with a lot of TV game shows, you don't get your prize until after the episode airs. The episode finally aired in April 2017.

IIRC the money mostly went toward living expenses, because aspiring actor living in LA.
The USS "She's One of Ours, Sir!"

And have it largely painted on the side, of course.
I use the [Ringke Fusion](https://www.amazon.com/Ringke-Minimalist-Transparent-Protection-Protective/dp/B075Q96XFH/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&qid=1519624806&sr=8-3-fkmr0&keywords=springke+fusion+pixel+2+xl&linkCode=ll1&tag=ganrokh0a-20&linkId=a17026375656fd43812590d1a89a259e). I've used this line of cases for all of my phones for the last several years and I've always been happy with them. Active Edge works just fine with it.
Right? My high school curriculum required 1 semester of personal finance. I've been out for almost a decade, but I heard that it was made optional a couple years after I graduated. We also had a class called "consumer math" that was for "real world" math for students who really didn't want to go into trigonometry or higher. That class was removed after I graduated.

I'm appalled at both decisions.
Back in high school, I would always be in the plays that the school put on every semester. One year, we did "All I Really Need to Know, I Learned in Kindergarten", which was more of a collection of short stories that taught various lessons.

There was this one story where we talked about the gunkball of stuff left at the bottom of the sink after mom finishes doing the dishes. We all lined up in a row. Everyone had one line each. The first person would be handed a ball of... stuff. They would say their line (usually something about how gross the stuff is) before passing it to the next person. Everyone has a different utensil to hold the stuff, so they don't touch it with their bare hands...

... except me. My line was, "Oh, please. Your mom touches this kind of stuff all the time" while I played with the stuff in my hands before passing it on.

The week before we put the play on, my drama teacher actually made a ball of gunk that was just a combo of various old foods, syrups, liquids, heavy duty cleaning soaps etc. She made it on Monday, while our performance was Friday/Saturday/Sunday. However, every day, she added more stuff to it to make it grosser and messier.

The ball got fucking rancid, but I eventually became desensitized to it (I worked fast food at the time, so I was accustomed to old food and garbage). Most people in the play were grossed out by it, but the kid I was always handing it to was completely disgusted by it, so much so that right after that scene during our Saturday performance, he actually ran to the bathroom and puked.

That was almost a decade ago now. I miss drama class.
High school will do a terrible job of preparing you for the real world. Many of the things that you'll learn, particularly in the math classes, aren't actually used on a daily basis.
A common answer seems to be the Sun expanding, but based on all of the various science YouTube channels I watch, I feel like there's a large number of just random phenomenons in space that will kill us.

Thanks, Kurzgesagt.
Watch TV.
I feel like this should be in r/AskScience or r/ExplainLikeImFive.
I used to work at a Sonic for a few years. Most boxes were immediately broken down, but if a customer came in and asked for some boxes, we'd save them for a couple of days for them to come back and get. I don't know if this was an actual policy or not.
It wasn't really a hidden gem then but it probably is now due to the prominence of Fire Emblem, but the Advance Wars games. I'm a strategy game nerd and I played the hell out of those games. I'm sad they Nintendo has pushed the series by the wayside, but I have high hopes for WarGroove.
Plug for r/TakeOneStepForward.
I feel like I might be lampooned for saying this, but Dragon Ball Z. I agree that the story is rather simple. I agree that there's some plot holes. However, I still feel that sheer, unbridled joy that I used to get as a kid whenever I watch it, no matter how many hundreds of times I've binged the show.

Plus, I'm a nerd, and it was the gateway anime for probably 80% of Westerners.
Before Brotherhood came out, I enjoyed the original, so I started the manga. I was confused when the manga started following a completely different story.

Then, Brotherhood started, which is the true adaptation of the manga, and things made more sense. Both Brotherhood and the manga are fantastic.