Four of which take place in a jungle.
Sweet, free setback post!
Well the thing with critics of any sort is ideally you'll find a couple you mostly agree with and you actually value and trust their opinions, which doesn't work with aggregate ratings.
It was a fucking Asus ad to begin with too (they're real proud of their 2018 gaming gear looking like tacky plastic garbage next to an obsolete Mac I guess?)
The thing is a modern console is designed for air to circulate in a specific way and pushing/pulling a bunch of air in weird places often does more harm than good (by stalling out the intended airflow). The only type of useful cooling stand is the LOUD AS HELL kind that just brute-forces the heat out, like those Nyko kits people used to have on the notoriously hot-running 360.

Get a Switch dogg.
Yeah this seems *bleak*
Yeah that seems pretty steep. It is nice and clean but I'd expect some style from an old bike going for that kind of money and this thing is just dorky.
This wasn't abandoned, it was someone's collection that got flooded. I think it was the guy that runs [racketboy.com](http://www.racketboy.com/).
Hello elisestang my old friend

I've come to upvote you again

Pontoon-nosed like a GTO

Many straked bits just for show

Wait these lyrics / that I'm reading / credit this / to Disturbed

oohwakakaka

Check the plates, it needs barbed wire to keep krokodil fiends from drinking the antifreeze.
Not sure if photo chiseled out via Qix or relevant illustration for a story about Jay & Fletch getting trapped in a Sega CD FMV game.
I like how much the photo looks like a grown man with an adult bike.
I seriously struggled to even make it through the clip but thanks for confirming I'm still not K-On material. It was an edgelordy period for me so it's good to pick at those long-held opinions every so often. 
I think this is the one I'll unsub over
Well this and his phones.
Remember it's Red Bull and not Mercedes. Crazy stunts are right in line with the image they want to project, although in this case it's also poor teamwork which is a lot less appetizing from a marketing standpoint.
Please stop taking pictures when I'm playing EDF 2017 on the Vita.
Noo the entire F1 media clearly has a pro-Max bias!1
I'd consider the cost unacceptable even if it was a living civilization, let alone this relic wandering around preserving a legacy that's lost all meaning. Your time's up dude, let it go.
That's what happens when you're right on a teammate's tailpipe for too long.
Steampunk spy girls
It felt real good seeing that crimson Alfa engine cover at the front of the field too. 
The video feed is live but the radio messages are delayed by a bit, I think it's like 30-40 seconds. That's why you often hear the 'okay box this lap' call while the car's already pulling into the pits.
So you're saying it's perfect for production systems, gotcha.
Once you start consuming billions of sentient beings just to keep your civilization rolling past its expiration date it's pretty obvious you've become the bad guy no matter how noble your original intentions.
HIDDEN MISSILES, OUT OF NOWHERE!!
That's actually available on the Xbone (and even the 360/PS3). Still good advice though.
Oh yeah you're right she's an 'ambassador' for Mercedes, she did that follow your star song for the A class ad campaign a while back.
There's obviously no room in his pants.
Congrats, you win an ugly bong.
Oh good I thought I was hallucinating.
..lol
I imagine it'd be more obvious in person considering the third MR2 was a tiny little car.
Oh the shower for sure, the dick's clean, there's way less sweaty dude musk, you have some rudimentary lubrication and no one can really tell that you're crying.
This is great when you've got bluetooth headphones with their own volume controls so you get the nag screen even when the actual headphones are at 12% volume and you can't hear a thing.
See also: the stupid useless cookies warning notice ever single site on the entire internet has to bring up just to let you know that you are on the internet and there are cookies being saved. It's just regulatory virtue signalling that doesn't actually help anyone in any way
Dude looks like he's about to reacquaint Robin Williams with the power of imagination.
I'd be with Nintendo on this if they'd actually kept their layout consistent for all that time but they only used it for four years on the SNES, as the N64 through Wii all did their own thing with various degrees of special needs. Meanwhile there's an unbroken line of controllers with the letters arranged the other way from '99s Dreamcast all the way to today.

In an ideal world every game would include the EXTREMELY helpful option from the Project Diva rhythm games on 3DS which let you swap the button labels out for colors of your choosing so you can do blue pink red green and just read Playstation notation instead of having to work out where Y is 80 times a minute.
Why are they so close on a Twister mat the size of a basketball court?
Six year old console doesn't sell as much as it did in its prime, news at 11.
Yes I love unlocking my phone and opening an app every time I want basic control over media playback.
The most obscure Gundam reference.
Oh boy is that saying 0-100 in *17 seconds?* I wasn't expecting it to be quick but that's.. I'd start having serious doubts about taking it on the highway at all about 15 seconds into that.
QTEs on the Switch are *rough*. I wish Nintendo had carried on with numbers after introducing them on the Wii because their layout is just counter intuitive as hell for anyone actually used to reading and writing in the alphabet they borrowed the glyphs from.
I like the extra vertical space for productivity tasks and pillar-boxing for 16:9 video stuff doesn't bother me on OLED so no not really.
It's a ploy to get more screen real estate into a body you can still hold one-handed and stuff into a pocket.
It's all genetics, his mom's huge too.
I don't want to be all over-entitled gaming jerk but I was really hoping for a reason to turn my Switch on this year.
I'd definitely pick death over having to spend eternity in Overlord.
It's not even supposed to be a new character though, she's just Rin.
The game's this slow-burning, understated affair (which was a complete anomaly in 1999's PS1 landscape) while the movie's a lot more bombastic. It feels more like a video game than the actual game did.


Yeah. The main problem is the tone doesn't fit the games at all but if you can get past that it's a ton of fun. 
Never inject a marijuana before playing Crazy Taxi.
Oh we called that 'breadhead', same idea.
Oh thank god we can stop pretending to care about fun games and go back to frothing over realtime raytracing.
550ish bhp out of the same modular tarbo 90° V8 all the V8 Ferrariiii share nowadays.
New Age of Breakfast
Damn she speaks perfect Japanese
Yeah that's an FC RX7 for sure.
Something about that lady wearing a napkin on her head I guess?
Utena thicc tho
2B got a ram upgrade.
..dammit OP I managed to reach critical levels of hype before even reaching the end of the title. Nice work though, it looks legit.
I'm not sure Astolfo even qualifies as a trap considering he seems to be pretty upfront about the whole thing. Everyone in Apocrypha knows what's up except turbovirgin Jeanne.
'oh fuck we picked this artstyle before we knew we'd be adapting this crap for the next two decades and we ran out of possible face permutations three seasons in'
umu
I felt that way at first due to some of the least subtle homage action I've ever seen outside of Aliexpress but I have to admit Franxx definitely ended up doing its own thing. It didn't go in a direction I'm particularly interested in but you can't really accuse it of being a lazy highschool  drama and an Evangelion ripoff at the same time.
I too prefer women with Zangief chest hair.
I would've been fine with an incomplete story if it had been good in the first place. 
Eh? I'm not fully caught up with the mango but it's fairly tame compared to the likes of Fate Zero or Made in Abyss so far.
Because the previous teaser for the teaser trailer had 0 Venom and people got upset.
Oh sick Saber has a Megalobox cameo?
Post 'thanks upgrade pup!' within 30 seconds or it might revert!
I threw out all my old PC game crap, living space is expensive and I don't even own an optical drive.
>Cities Skylines

Yeah Skylines will take whatever you throw at it. 
It never really did it for me but I'm hopeful for the sequel for the simple reason that GTA V understood what to do with an open world roughly 4000 times better than GTA IV ever did.
The last of their games I played came out in 1999.
There's still zillions of people using those on PC. If you've already got the dongle and don't really care about the D-pad it's fairly hard to justify the upgrade to Xbone gear.
I did once spend 23 minutes playing Vita Spelunky in my crappy amateur studio while waiting for UPS.
>mobile devices don't have to deal with software pirates

Piracy rates on Android are actually completely bonkers. Apple do a lot better on that front due to the whole walled garden approach.

It's called an SD slot.
TFW you like legs but you hate drawing feet.
Oh god it's like a childhood hangover. 
Mac & Me all Satania fans.
You guys seriously need to go outside.
(( breast noises ))
Okay so what happens when she drinks it?
If your mom ditched you to go hang out in a place that's like a cross between the Mariana trench and judeo-christian hell you might want to just leave the bitch be.
That's okay I'm actually depressed as fuck and this was my lucky day until you showed up.
Toyota used to be in Germany.
I was thinking Kakuna.
TFW Darling fills your swim cap with custard.
What is melon bread? Bread that just tastes like melons or bread with some sort of melon filling?
I actually say Bitchigo is a clear upgrade over the powerful blandness of her early form.
Yeah they're kind of running an unintentional F1 promo program.

> hired

It's a fan translation, you get what you pay for.
He started with two.
Just bring out some food and you'll know soon enough. 
This is why I stick to raws.
Staring at a wall is better than Re:Zero but Ferris is still pretty cool.
Damn
DHL's just out of frame going 'just according to keikaku..'
Putbulletje
Who keeps watching all these old man revenge flicks?
Yeah I'm sure the big lad on Ferrari's pit crew starts crying every time they win because he's thinking about his equity package.
As long as they aren't lit.
You know it's not screwing around when the logo is ready for helicopter shots.
Sooo what if a driver's 85kg? Drillium weight reduction on the chair?
I am Krillin lying on a rock, satisfied I got my one shot in.
Is this one of those weird alternate Sabers from the mobile game?
We'll add it to their divine authority to keep selling calculators with half the power of an Atari 2600 for $90 until the sun runs out of hydrogen.
MIVECS just kicked in yo!
It's called bourbon.
There's the crossover stage first but yeah after that it's lewds.


I'm honestly impressed the sort of semi-sentient garbage incapable of separating an actress from a role can actually read subtitles.

NASA
How good is the porn?
Your son's a lolicon.
Hello it's me, fan of the show whose very first order of business was to establish a catch-all excuse for sloppy writing.
Scoliosis
"Don't respect yourself, respect the me who respects in you."

-John Cena
instant regret
It's a functional grab handle.
Carbon fiber hood but the weave is a doily pattern.
..that actually sounds kind of cool for like a goofy retro bosozoku setup.
They go further Beyond than you'd think
Jack's stuff and the ensuing Jeanne/Atalanta beef was neat too, even if Jack could've really used a pair of pants.
Local homonculus ruins everything.
Yeah I liked it too. I mean I guess if it wanted to be taken seriously it'd suck but it's just a format to tell jokes and it has some decent ones (Sonomium is still funny to me dammit).
Incest is illegal, take a bite out of crime today!
>Valverave

I pictured Gaben furiously flailing glowsticks around while stomping his neon fur boots, thanks.
Yeah I mean JoJo never lived up to the art either but that does okay.
You should get into diplomacy because with your superhuman patience I feel we could solve the Israel-Palestine conflict in no time.
Tora does run around at butt-height all day, it's only natural he'd get really good at sculpting that part.
Noted turbopervert and [Tex-Mex OG](https://hitomi.la/group/tex%2Dmex-all-1.html) Rei Hiroe created Black Lagoon (semi-spicy) and is partially responsible for Re:Creators (actually very low on fanservice).

[Mogudan](https://hitomi.la/search.html?mogudan) of creepy and depressing Rei Ayanami doujin fame did the character designs for Scrapped Princess. I don't remember a fucking thing about Scrapped Princess other than that.

Don't click these links at work.

Same except I couldn't stand it.
A 12 year old man.
Real men realize a relationship with either would be a nightmare which is why they're both stuck with fuckbois.
Yes but I stopped watching like 7 episodes ago.
I love my dead gay son!
They're doing a pointless sequel to retroactively erase people's fond memories of the original, it's very meta and also I suddenly have a vagina.
Uh, phrasing?
If you're watching seasonal shows either keep up or stop visiting anime subs while they air, that shit's all on you playa.

Alternatively just get better taste, nobody's spoiling Hinamatsuri because you can't really spoil *delightful* just by knowing it's coming.
Gigantic soggy A button for that authentic Gamecube feel on an arcade stick, genius!
RIP Bepisguy.
I'm working my way through Fate Zero and saw episodes 8 & 9 last night. I'm pretty new to Fate stuff (last month my intro was UBW, which owns, then Apocrypha which was frustrating and kind of bad but in a mostly entertaining way).

It's a BIT MUCH with all the child murder but it fully delivers on my favorite aspect of Fate stuff so far which is that there's always that extra little bit of depth to everything. Someone like Waver could've easily been a 1-dimensional punchline but because he's only *kind of* a narcissistic shitlord both him and his relationship with Alexander are a lot more interesting to watch than they would've been in something with worse writing (like Apocrypha).

Not a big fan of having two black-clad black-haired emotionless dudes with K-names running around though. It's extra confusing because from my perspective Kiritsugu's main thing is he left Shirou a *temple* so I associate both of them with religion. I think I'll print out a little spotter's guide to keep them straight. 

Anyway my next episode is apparently about tiny Rin's adventures and I'm very curious to see where that's going. She can't die but all her friends sure can and I've already seen her sort of shrug off the sight of a child getting brutally owned in UBW. Could be standard mage idgaf, could be she's used to it. Or maybe it'll just be cute and wholesome and everything will be juuust fine..

Also also I thought it was odd that Mordred just had no reaction to Jeanne in Apocrypha despite her being a dead ringer for blue Seiba in looks/colorscheme/principles but that was before I'd even seen Gilles confirm they really do look alike and it's not just an art style thing. Dammit Apocrypha.
There's also Play Anywhere, although that'd be a much bigger deal if they actually had games to take advantage of it.
I use several flavors of Firefox on Win10, OSX, iOS and Linux but the Android version just blows.
Yeah your point still stands.
What I'd love is a period piece. Like instead of just having Japan have Nagoya in 1988. Berlin '94. Raw ass late '70s New York.. 

It's never happening because they'd have to build an entire car roster from scratch and it won't appeal to the lucrative teen boy demographic but a man can dream. Maybe in a decade we'll have those Prometheus laser scanner orbs and it'll become commercially viable..
Yeah that's my #1 complaint about Horizon 3, it's supposed to be this big celebration of car culture with a focus on custimization but the handling is streamlined to the point where you can barely even tell whether you're in an RWD or AWD car. And then the events and AI car picks are setup to make your car choices/tuning setup matter as little as possible.

Eventually my top criteria in car choices ended up being the engine noise because in 21:9 the tach is a bit far away so you have to shift by ear.


Good thing Playground Games develop the Horizon series and not Turn 10.
I was gonna go with dude from Land of the Lustrous but yes.
Have you fucking met Midoriya?
The spiciest of r/incel memes.
Jesus I don't think I'm injecting my weed right, my eyes never go all Made in Abyss ep.10.
This is also like the one cute drawing in the entire thing because her default facial expression is Hellsing. 
While I agree that no one should ever play Corpse Party due to it being schockingly tonedeaf the game is actually what started the whole franchise and predates the manga and eventual anime by over a decade.
Re: Bodacious Pirates, I honestly think the draw is just *cute girls doing interesting things*. You get your cute girls interacting in cute ways AND an actual show with conflict and a resolution and everything, what a concept!
I remember it being *very* popular on 4chan back when it was airing. 
Yeah I liked NieA too, it could've been the most nothing comedy based on the description but it's got real heart to it.


Oh right, the 'Magical Lyrical Tokarev Kill 'Em All' show!
Oh man that's so much less confusing than that giant pixel art mess people usually post.
Let Wolfram Alpha deal with that shit. And then she can date Wolfram Alpha too because we're clearly about as compatible as r/animemes and good anime.
It's actually worse to repair, it's almost impressive. Also unlike an iPad shit's like 1200 bucks and has moving parts.
It’s really good but impossible to repair if it breaks. Get an extended warranty.
The way my app works half the image is obscured until you scroll so I was like ‘aww what’s wrong with a cute talking goat?’. And then I scrolled down.
Why doesn’t the manufacturer just stamp them with both units just to keep this from happening?
You could search your PC for audio files in order to find out where Spotify is importing them from.
Instructions unclear, fed her a model car.
I mean I have some lenses but my camera body is a 40D from 2009, it works well enough for my purposes that I’m not interested in dropping $750 on a new bod but I’d definitely be interested in alternative/cheaper ways to get modern niceties like an actual useful display and more than 7 af points on the cheap.

I’m just skeptical about this rig’s ability to produce decent images.
Oh is this where Roadkill is going? I saw some clickbaity “here’s why Roadkill are DONE with YouTube !!1!” videos float by but I thought they were going to their lame Motor Trend On Demand thing.
It’s Telltale Batman. Looks like season 2
I don't, but they were in GT6 as well.
Yeah eggs are actually a big no-no in Serious Aioli circles so he'd probably call it rancid mayo or something.
So he finally traded in the Pussywagon huh?
cool time
Only on a moonless night
The aioli is made with locally sourced free-range eggs and pink garlic with just a hint of red pepper and a dash of lemon.
Just lol at the idea of Tupac's giant face bobbing along the water line.
Lead poisoning from handling too much ammo?
I just hope his trigger discipline is better than his tweet discipline.
I'll fix it in the rare instance it breaks the lookup but beyond that I really couldn't care less.
[Gary Spivey?...Gary, Spivey of the..Psychic Companions Network!?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKC8d_KWk6s)
She only eat veggie snacc
yeah but where are we going to get all of that cottage cheese?
idk if I'd call it the ultimate but you sure are getting fleeced.
These prices seem incredibly legit.
Ah finally, DHL dropped off my gaypedo box.
It's a bit of a scavenger hunt but they do have multiple lions and boabab trees in Jamaica. 
No tu
I've always felt it cheapens the real cars when some napkin sketch of a concept with ridiculous sci-fi specs shows up and runs circles around them. 
Caution: wall of post imminent.

I arrived at my purchasing decision due to the hype of a thousand cuts: 

* I tend to like JRPGs although that's more of a nostalgic thing these days. I don't have the time or patience for a quality pure strain slow burn JRPG like Trails in the Sky or something anymore. Had a good time with FFXV though.

* I played and loved Xenogears when I was like 14. I skipped the Xenosagas because they looked dumb, I was no longer 14, and I heard nothing but bad things. Played XB1 for half an hour and was intrigued but not intrigued enough to go buy a Wii. Picked up XBCX because I had a WiiU and it was the only game coming out that year. Loved the battle system, hated the depressing empty MMO vibes and the multitude of timesink mechanics.

* Realized the Switch would be the ideal system to play JRPGs on, saw trailer for XBC2, understood they'd taken XBCX' battle system and added a real game to it. Hated the character designs and lame anime vibes (as opposed to Persona's cool anime vibes) but the world and music looked vibrant and interesting.

* Read a review (it was the one by noted longtime Xenogears hater and '90s internet personality Toastyfrog although I don't recall who he writes for now) which emphasized how liberally the game let you warp out of almost anything, skip any cutscene and suspend at will. This really struck a chord with me because it'd solve a lot of the free time/patience issues.

So I got the game and absolutely loved..*most* of it. 

I really enjoy the battle system and this is one of the only games where I've ever voluntarily went out of my way to grind. Part of it is just that it's so damn *convenient* as you don't have to sit through nine hours of cutscenes and 2 minutes of loading, any time you feel like it you just warp out, dunk on some bunnits for 15 minutes  and then carry on with your life. It's great. There's so many different ways to set up your party/blades/skills to experiment with too, I love it.

I found myself liking the cast more than I was anticipating too. I don't think either Rex or any of the 12 aspects of Pyra have a single original line throughout the game but the whole thing has this charming early 2000s Grandia 2 vibe about it that it's just like snuggling up under a big cozy blanket of nostalgic anime schmaltz. All the cute little character interactions and the more lighthearted/goofy questlines were right up my alley.

The problem for me was any time the game tried to get serious or emotional it just completely failed to connect. I don't care about the big sepia-toned blade war or whatever dumb philosophical standpoint Torna represents. Any time the sad strings swell on the OST it feels completely unearned. I forgot what we were even trying to accomplish by going to the big tree. OH MY GOD [THE CHURCH](/spoiler) IS EVIL WHAT A TWIST. Thankfully you can (and I often did) skip all of that crap but it makes the game feel kind of hollow when you do. Which is a sensation not unlike XBCX or disjointed fever dream of a game FFXV. 

I'm also not entirely on board with its insistence on complexity for complexity's sake. Strategic depth is great but a lot of this stuff is just sort of there to kill time and nothing else (oh boy time to brute-force Mythra's favorite condiment). You can ignore a bunch of cruft if you don't care about owning every single vegetable stall in the world but once your squad fills out you'll be spending a lot of time micromanaging your party whether you like it or not. Enough's already been said about the weird pointless gacha RNG system for getting Blades. It blows and it makes the game worse for no reason. I had one 30 minute play session where I shut down the console only to realize I'd never made it out of the menu. Disgaea levels of autism-bait busywork.

If I didn't love the other 75% of the game I just wouldn't care but because I do it's just so incredibly frustrating to see them fumble the main plot stuff in particular because out of all the impossibly complicated and difficult parts of constructing a modern AA game this is the one part you could salvage by yourself, on the back of a coaster.  

My past three phones have had it and I've never used it once.
They're father and son too, just in case anyone isn't up on their mid-2000s reality shows.
I think Ben Stiller's pretty tall but that's the only way I can tell.
The Five Nights at Freddy's of weebdom.
More coherent plot though.
I want to drive a Hot Topic.
I'd be a lot more hyped if the record looked like it might actually survive the next time F1 rolls through. Maybe if it rains all weekend..
I'm not proud I know this but Rebuild Asuka (Asuka Shikinami Langley) holds the rank of captain in the 'European Air Force' so it's not that weird for her to be rocking RAF insignia. Or, well, it wouldn't have been before the whole Brexit thing.

I could've sworn OG Asuka (Sohryu Langley) was a USAF captain instead but the internet refuses to confirm this at present.

Subtitle track 17: Australian
Panasonic RP-HJE125s are incredible for like $10. AKG's Y20u are probably the best brand name earbuds you're going to find under $30 (they're like $29.99). If you have the patience to get them out of China Xiaomi's Piston line is great across the board and has nicer build quality than either the Panasonics or AKGs plus a real inline remote with volume controls (the AKGs just have one button, I think the Panasonics have a goofy oldschool analog volume slider but it's been a while.).
A girl orbited by a handful of friendzoned neckbeards?
He's just horsing around.
I'm going through this thread mentally adding references to one's whole womb to all of your posts, it's a fun, creative new hobby for the whole womb.
King Crimson strikes again.
>these days

It's been that way since pretty much the dawn of organized competition.
Looks like John Cena on a Make a Wish visit.
What's semi-interesting to people inhabiting the right slice of overlapping Venn diagram circles is that the Regalia is actually a classic car in FFXV and that in Kingsglaive (the FFXV tie-in 3D anime movie featuring more plot than the actual game) there's an Audi R8 with a bunch of sick Arabesque detail work prominently featured. And then Audi [actually built one](https://kotaku.com/a-final-fantasy-xv-audi-for-470-000-1788848253).
The game came out almost half a year ago, it's pretty natural for discussion to wind down at this point, leaving the sub to obsessive turbofans interested in saucy fanart and the occasional latecomer with either a 'whoa this game owns I've been missing out' type post or some quick questions.

Personally I just got more and more frustrated with the game's plot as it went along and it's now at the point where I don't even want to get into discussions anymore because all I have to offer is vitriol. 

It wasn't exactly hard to predict this game built by 17(?) people wasn't going to live up to people's insane wet dreams of a fully immersive perfectly realized space sim w/blackjack and hookers.
I wasn't huge on the anime because the manga makes them out to be the greatest band to ever exist and obviously it's just impossible to live up to.
I don't know I remember hearing that all the time back in the day and then I checked out the manga and it's all TIIIIIITS IN YOUR FAAAACE. Like one of the main things I actually liked about the show was that as cheesecakey as it was it was kind of sweet and innocent at its core but the manga is so heavy on the service it's tonally more Golden Boy than Oh My Goddess.
Can't spell Bleach without Blech.
I do like those two episodes near the end where they completely switch animation styles in order to have cool anime fights.

I feel like you could straight up edit a good 12 episode show out of the available footage. It'd skip Sieg entirely, obviously.

edit: also a 14 minute supercut of people getting trapped in purple chains.

edit edit: it's amazing how flat and uninteresting they managed to make Jeanne too. Instead of having her be a flawed human who overcame her issues and did amazing things she's just this perfect paragon of virtue who obviously can do no wrong or falter, ever. Even with blue Saber, the king who was just TOO PERFECT FOR THIS WORLD, there's this interesting interplay of doubt and resolve but Jeanne just know she's right 24/7, 365. Not even Kotomine is that full of himself.


Let's make a horror show where the threats are all adorable tiny girls even the weakest inhaler-carrying nerd could punt across the room with ease.
I feel like Danganronpa in general *really* didn't need those 14 sequels, 3 light novels, a musical on ice, a go-gurt cross promo and two lines of Happy Meal toys. But yeah it got popular so here we are.
Iron Fortress was firmly in so-bad-it's-good territory for me. Just sit down, relax and enjoy the burning train wreck. It chugs along at a very good clip too so it doesn't really overstay its welcome.
>No redeeming features.

It does look fantastic in a violently '90s kinda way. 
She's part klaxonsaur so she never stops honking
There's a cream for that
Legend of Flocky Chou: the Movie.
I don't think I've ever seen a regular edition Xenoblade Chroniclex.
This cat is a punk and it deserves to get adopted into a Crash Team Racing household.
Mweh just grow a new one.
Ha, yeah I experienced the exact same emotional trajectory with Kakegurui.

I can't help but feel it would've stayed fresh for longer if they'd actually hurt a character beyond temporarily inconveniencing them. Like, if instead of showing it in a flashback revolver-chan had lost the eye in real time that would've gone a ways towards keeping the stakes relevant because right now there's this sense that everything's going to be just fine no matter what.
He-Man's dumbass haircut kinda ruins it for me, I'm more of a RAM MAN man.
Anyone got a cold sore I can smooch to grow a skintooth?
Is that a Stan Lee cameo up top?
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Stools like that are actually supposed to be better for your back because you can't slump back into them but yes, as a normal non-Olympian human that just means you'll hunch over the desk instead which is even worse. 
Looks like a '90s MR2 with those air intakes near the rear wheels.
idk whether it's just Android oreo or something Samsung adds but that screenshot function where it lets you scroll the whole page to get all of it and then it embeds a link to the source in the capture is the shit.


Just run the lesser-used one in a VM.
Servantception
Just lol if you're dualbooting a system you rely on to get stuff done and you're over the age of 17.
I played 25 hours of Persona 5 and I couldn't really spoil anything interesting beyond what's on the back of the box, game's pacing makes Re:Creators look snappy.
Also: casual swimming goggles.
No one likes long youtube intros.
It's because all these mechanics originated in Halo where you're playing an 8 foot battleborg in low-g.

That's like $850 worth of sushi, I'm invoking the 5-second rule.
The rare Brompton edition
I just use Dropbox for everything rather than messing with the Apple stuff.
The early 90s Akira boom. We'd just rent all the anime we could get (which meant mostly Manga Publishing stuff).
Noble Phantasm: Gay Bulge
Autist here: that shot of Run was kind of funny because it literally just cuts to a still of Ron's thighs for 3 seconds like it was an establishing shot or something.

edit: god dammit phone
Every day we stray closer to 9gag
No I get that, I mean the 'oh this outfit's kind of embarrassing but Mothra picked it so I'm stuck with it' part.
Yeah I think it suits her just fine.
I'd be happy to accept this explanation if it was actually addressed in the game. 
I'll keep eating downvotes for this until the heat death of the universe but the David Productions Jojo anime is mediocre as hell aside from the voice work. The only part that actually looks good is the OP.
For me it's the other way around, KLK was really exciting for like five episodes and then just sort of collapsed in on itself like a bad souffle.
Urara isn't entertainment, it's a cry for help.
[Eh..](https://i.imgur.com/SGvNvQk.jpg)
I'm not a real heavy re-watcher, I remember too much stuff so it's just boring unless there's like a decade between watches. I've seen Evangelion three times but that's my absolute favorite anime ever.
white ink confirmed
I'd be 120% on board if Pyra actually had a 'deal with it' attitude about walking around in combat lingerie but the problem is she doesn't have that sort of personality at all which is what makes it weird and icky.
I like the multi-piece rims with sensible sidewalls. F1 vibes.
Both games are kind of anti-JRPGs in that they're a lot fun to play but have godawful stories. Both are full of nice character interactions but any time plot starts happening they fall flat on their faces.
Generic.
Stroke it harder
Lol I had like eight to distribute among my zero friends but I cancelled the other day.
My greatest regret is only ordering one.
There's no way this condom will lose! This condom is the strongest!!
Still less disturbing than most of the stuff on Youtube Kids.
How hungry is blue Seiba? Her stomach seems to determine whether she's at risk of getting bodied by rando unarmed humans or able to flex on demigods.
Kazuma from Konosuba with the upset of the century because no one who isn't from a comedy show has any idea how to deal with having their underwear stolen.
I hate how they all have normal human names in Japanese but then the English script's all 'hey *Pneuma*, come check this out'.

At least Nia didn't turn into 'Meow' I guess..

Yeah I'm Dutch, our TV show/movie output is laughably bad. We occasionally have a decent kids' show or documentary but as far as nonfiction TV series and movies go we're just not really a thing.
Most 'uh, okay I guess that's a character we were supposed to know and care about?' death since princess whatsherface in FFXV.
My memory is spectacularly bad so there are a lot of small amnesia subplots in my daily life. 
Structural twine.


Threat level: mauve.


Don't forget blue saber had/possibly still has a magical dong courtesy of Merlin, which is where Mordred came from.
Needs more eagles, fireworks, cowboys and assorted other imagery Hulk Hogan would wear on his jocks circa 1992.
Dio's Gal-O phase.
Fate Extra: Last Encore is wonderful fever dream of a show. Melody of Oblivion vibes except it's also Fate so here's Nero dunking on you philosophically while doing a backwards buck naked somersault in slow-mo.
Any time I feel myself starting to almost care about MAL ratings I remember that by their metrics 4 of the top 10 greatest anime of all time are Gintama.
Hatsune Miku enslaves mankind.
Magane deserves a better show.

iirc Geoff of Basement recommended it while it was still airing though, I'd agree the first 10 episodes or so are good, or at least promising in a 'okay they've explained this honestly fairly straightforward premise to absolute death and conserved all of the animation budget for the third time in a row now, *surely* we'll get to the good shit next week' kind of way.

Redline crossover when!?
I have 5 USB-C devices and none of them work right with eachother's chargers. I can (slow) charge my Galaxy S8 on my OnePlus 3's charger and vice versa but that's basically it.
Also: old dudes going to Antarctica
Shifting resources from a strong international niche player like CR in order to focus on a US-only platform seems like a questionable strategic move.
p.sure I have diabetes now
> End of Evangelion

Listen to this poster, they know what's up.




I quite like how Shirou embodies the classic spiky haired shounen protagonist archetype in a world that doesn't quite operate by shounen rules but the more powerful he gets the more he just unironically becomes the lame trope he was originally subverting. 
I wish it wasn't like, six hours long.
I feel like KLK doubled down on all the worst, most self-indulgent aspects of TTGL and there's barely anything there beneath its cool veneer.
Joke's on them, enjoy your romantic sci-fi highschool slice of life where the mechs barely matter.
Is that an unpopular opinion because yeah that was incredibly tedious.
I didn't despise it or anything but yeah the pacing's weird and the characters' actions seem to be decided by RNG, I have no idea why it's such a big deal.
Yeah they sure keep spamming out the Evangelion..
Good game, awful anime.
I feel like all the worst parts are unavoidable though, like at the end of the day you're still stuck in musty classrooms filled with teenage shitlords for a million hours a day. 
They crossed the pacing over with continental drift.
[Look what I made for valentine's day 2k14](https://i.imgur.com/nlo5MGQ.jpg) and carefully hoarded for four fucking years *just in case*.

edit: me no count good
Way easier to just half-ass it with a black shirt and say you're Benimaru.
This works the other way around too, be sure to call all your black friends ol' chap a couple of times so they know its okay to use the c-word.
You need a *powerful* straight man if you're going to be walking around with Nero and space stripper Tohsaka.
I feel he's so useless it actually stands out, so he's bland within the context of the show but in the larger meta sense and considering the type of anime he is in he's honestly quite unique(ly terrible).
'Computer are you seeing this shit?'
He clearly speaks Japanese.
Cling to the old system with all your might while the world leaves you behind, it worked so well for the music industry.


I liked 2013's Sorcery Saga: Curry God but then it's pretty hard to fuck up a standard roguelike in this day and age. 

Its lineage is also interesting, being a Demon's/Dark Souls style 'totally not a sequel to this other thing we made but don't own the rights to anymore' to a series of Puyo Puyo spinoff RPGs Compile-sans-Heart used to make. 


Society is not ready for this jelly.
Depends on your tolerance for melodrama, I tapped out pretty quick.
I really hate the idea of gamifying QoL features. If everyone wants to skip the boring parts of your game either work to make those parts engaging or just let them do what they want. Don't force people to eat their game-play broccoli before they're allowed to have fun, that's never made anyone enjoy broccoli.
sever
[oh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Im7Xz1Ju0Sw)
Shirou does some weird shit but choosing *this* exact moment to press the issue was amazing and human as fuck. So proud of my boy.
Christ, pouring out a pack of Nerds for my homie who couldn't get laid in an R18 VN over here.
I like Gurren Lagann because that shit had heart, FLCL was alright but a bit on the fluffy side, kinda checked out of klk halfway through.
I think I've seen most of it, it was fun.
Hate it with the fury of a thousand suns for ripping everything cool and interesting out of Gunbuster and replacing it with random anime bullshit.

At least the OP was cool I guess.
oh no she hit her finger and chipped a really nice knife
We're all friends in the Axis Order!
It's kinda frustratingly unfocused, like it wants to be three different shows at the same time.
Ah well there is a clause for mythological/magic/supernatural encounters and isekai scenarios.
We had glorious 17 second Realplayer clips though.
'Knows Python' and 'destined to die alone' are kind of redundant.
I actually really like seeing mere mortals play because it gives me a much better idea of what the game's going to be like for me as a normal ass player as opposed to what happens when Sonicfox fights Daigo. 

I mean there's a minimum level of competence required in order to review a fighting game but you don't need to be EVO Main Stage material in order to assess whether shit's fun just like you don't need to be Yngwie Malmsteen to review a guitar. 
They've been supplying the safety cars since '96 back when they were just moderately involved with F1 as engine supplier for McLaren.
I got into it recently and it kind of blew me away because my only previous exposure to Type Moon stuff was the stilted-ass Tsukihime VN (of quivering molluscs fame) and its barely comprehensible anime adaptation.

My entry point was Shaft's currently airing Fate Extra: Last Encore which is pretty cool but quite abstract in that Utena sort of way and a bit hard to follow without pre-existing knowledge of Fate in general and Extra in particular. I conferred with some forum homies  and they suggested (Ufotable's) Fate: Unlimited Blade Works instead and wow yeah these characters are clicking with me (someone warned me in advance to think of MC Shirou as a weird damaged autist, this helped a lot in tolerating his antics), the fights are dope as hell and the plot has kept me thoroughly entertained for 11 episodes now.

The downside is there's no Astolfo who I think only shows up in Fate: Apocrypha (which according to same forumomies is kind of a mixed bag of a show).

One's a dark magician, the other's a dork magician.
The GT3 actually has the old SLS' 6.2 N/A V8. The road car's twin turbo 4L V8 sounds more than sweet in its own right but it doesn't quite have that thunderous percussive quality the naturally aspirated one has.
I really want them to offer a roadgoing GT with the SLS' old N/A V8, which the GT3 cars still run. I suppose it wouldn't do well in pedestrian crash safety stuff and would end up slower than the 4L TT V8 though.
You want something with road-car suspension, brakes and street tires so you don't get in the situation where you need to send out the SC due to bad track conditions but then the SC just spins out on its way out of the pits because it's got knife-edge suspension and brakes/tires that only really work well within a very specific temperature range.
I think Mercedes just pay for the privilege in addition to supplying the cars. 
Game owns but sadly Gaslamp Games went out of business last year.
I guess Shinobu's particular scoop from the big old grab bag of vampire traits left her with a normal blood circulation and body temperature?

Netflix live action Misa is the worst. She goes 0-genocidal in 4 minutes (because the movie's like 70 minutes long) but more importantly they didn't want to sexualize her which, okay fine, but her being a fuckdemon in casual battle lingerie was like the main driving force behind that relationship.

Instead she's a nice girl in a hoodie he has a crush on which doesn't fucking work because that crush (not even based on her being hot but based on her being nice) should've been over the second she reveals she's actually a piece of shit.

I don't know they should've made her his drug dealer or something so she'd at least have some kind of leverage.


Wait that makes the absolute unit a berserker class Servant, IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW!!
I wish my brain just worked
Yeah I hate that too. I like horror but it genuinely scares the *shit* out of me so I need to prepare myself for it going in.

Like, imagine you've bungee jumped before and it was really cool and exhilarating and you had a great time. Would you be happy if three weeks later you were just walking to work and a troupe of rogue bungee enthusiasts suddenly hooked you up and tossed you off a bridge?


Man the MBA has been around for a while hasn't it?
Bethesda just published it, they didn't make it.
It's a dirty 20 year old Golf in factory clown paint with bits falling off. I'd take it over a PT Cruiser but that's pretty much it.
Mod to a shitty car = shitty car mod I guess.
You mean if it generates lift?
Terranigma
Chrono Trigger isn't an action RPG though?
-me looking in a mirror after 3 pushups
Stop trying to push Tanya and her ugly ass anime where everyone looks like that one face Renton made that one time.
When your freezer is full of 8 month old popsicles because it's minus four million degrees celsius in late march.
v.squishy though
Complaining about SAO is the SAO of anime tubers.
Dropbox has a much better masturbation interface for image folders and through some dark forbidden caching magic can pull images down from ~~my ass~~ the cloud so fast it's like browsing local files (when they're not synced to local storage, obviously).

Lossy compression of original files is considered a cardinal sin among photographers. 
What's amazing is that bone stock Lexus behind it has an even bigger tryhard grille.
>The G35 IS a Skyline

Yeah but the R35 GT-R isn't.
It also looks to be on its famously narrow and rock hard stock tires.
It's just sort of bolted to the trunklid which seems sketchy for a giant GT3-style wing.
There's an alternate dimension where the F50 GT found a series to race in and its homologation run of roadgoing counterparts relegated the F40 to the history books instead of having its specter haunt Maranello until the Enzo finally put it to rest.

I wish more movies just took a sharp left into being *delightful* at the end.
Trypophobia doors
[Thanks now I'm hungry](https://i.imgur.com/KznuAYL.jpg)
[Mad props](https://i.imgur.com/AOdN0ZG.jpg)
It's not for me I just want to beat my friend's meat.
Oh wow I thought Fallout made that up.
Putin's secret lab.
Daredevil Season 3 looking good
Why resolve a situation in five minutes when you can turn it into an eight month legal battle and make 15 hours of ad-supported video content about it instead?
Sonic Adventure 2 had a better plot too.
It's a Jeepep thing.
I'm the anime bandit coming for your stash.

Game would've been dead at this point no matter what, just like the previous one lasted all of a month.
I'm partial to the Exelion.
He said PSP when it's clearly a Vita lol.
[Relevant Achewood](http://achewood.com/index.php?date=02222007).
Do these take smaller pillows or is this just 5'5" Kanna?
Stop lubing your bike, drive wheelsuckers away with an insufferable cacophony of squeaks and creaks.
There's that friendly OSS community spirit I've heard so much about..
sup photoshop healing brush
I mean what are you going to do, not see Boss Baby in IMAX?
Something something meat-based idol group from Persona 4 Dancing All Night which I can't be bothered to look up.
The GPUs on newer iOS stuff are not messing around, they’re comfortably more powerful than Intel HD graphics. My iPad runs Civ VI better than my laptop does.
The Punisher's power is that anyone he randomly hits turns out to be a criminal.
I mean I can't afford one right this instant but they're not insanely expensive, you can pick one up for about 35 grand.
I'm kind of impressed someone found a way to make an OG Viper's 14 inch wide rear tires look small.
Guess who drew all the rare tanks in my party
I feel like a Musou game is like the third least exciting thing you could do to any IP, hot on the heels of a pachinko machine and a mobile gacha game.
Oh man don't be that dude
You need to be high, basically.
Holy shit did Sadamoto learn a new face!?
And Smash too
Your morning really fucking sucks? Consecutive normal coffee!
I've seen something extremely similar to Montoya's shirt here for sale as a Puma x Trapstar collaboration from like 2017.

Edit: [this ugly thing](https://m.caliroots.com/puma-puma-x-trapstar-football-tee-571821-05/p/55152).
I'll brag about my self-built PC to anyone who'll listen (no one). COME BACK I DIDN'T EVEN GET TO MY OVERCLOCKS!
That's the worst part, any time they do something they can't just slap on a standard funkobod it actually comes out pretty legit so it's like, you guys can do cool stuff at this price point but you just choose to have 90% of your lineup be lame costume swaps?
Boy’s got cheeks
The F40 and Enzo are nearly identical power/weight wise and I suspect the way the game simulates things doesn't take into account subtleties like the F40s noodly 80s chassis and brakes that would favor the much newer Enzo IRL. Plus you have them on identical tires when in real life I don't think you have an awful lot of choices in F40 rubber.
Sadly the only peep out of Genki this decade was TXR for mobile devices last year. At least they’re still alive I guess..
Triple digits. I'll get around to them when I retire I guess.
The limiting factor isn't physical size anymore, it's cost. You can cram 256GB of storage into a MicroSD form factor no problem, it'll just cost $125.

Actually they're getting kind of rare now (most people who still need the form factor just get an adaptor) but back when non-micro SD cards were still big business it was very common for them to just be half-empty inside.
Same. I bought Smash 4 out of nostalgia for all the good times with the previous games but I got to play it with real life humans exactly once, on Christmas. Shit's just depressing on your own.
Xenoblade 2. Shit's super convenient on the Switch, you can be balls-deep in combat 1.5 seconds after turning the console on and drop it whenever you want to do something else, plus the game itself allows fast travel anytime, anywhere regardless of whether it makes sense or not. There's a literal orgy of subsystems to grind crap for (like, Disgaea levels of cruft) and as of the last update there's a NG+ mode.
BRING BACK THE XPERIA PLAY
The only ones I could see happening are Sora (lots of heat from KH3 finally releasing, assuming that ever happens) and the ARMS girl. Maybe Rex/Pyra. They'll put Detective Pikachu in before Layton (and I'm okay with that).

Oh and the Reginleiv character is in for sure, obviously.
It was the [The Price Is Right](https://i.imgur.com/aib0H7B.jpg) font long before it was the GTA font so that makes some sense in a supermarket context at least.
The bottleneck is most likely the GPU. 6GB of RAM is already more than decent for a laptop of that vintage, adding more won't do much.
I take it every time, anything to avoid Civ combat.
Well no he kind of does this every single time and he's incredibly prolific.
Oh look, a ff12 character
Meh meh meh
Burn this tape right now
Just the tip
Kurt Angle with the tiny cowboy hat
Yeah even the revised ones that do Bluetooth just have AAs in them, although I'm sure there are aftermarket battery packs available for them.
Feels like the timing would actually be really bad if it came out within a year of the Dark Souls remaster.
Xbone pads definitely still take AAs.
Donkey Kong Country. There is HALF A SECOND of lag between the point where you hit the button and the moment the lousy ape actually leaves the ground how the fuck is that okay?

It's not the worst thing in the world but seeing it come up in platformer G.O.A.T. conversations just makes me want to do some autistic screeching. 
Maybe they wanted the game to be good.
Oh, it's just green pyra
It took me way too long to realize this was about user avatars.
Maybe if you hadn't killed him first.
Oh man those 32MB Kazaa DivX rips back in the day. I'm too scared I'll hate it to go back.
Wait so she's making this face for non-porn related reasons? Did she step on a lego?
I've seen it, once, many moons ago. It was this story about a shy girl fucking her two ugly ass classmates and at the end it turns out she's pregnant but instead of peacing out they do a triangle high-five and decide to raise the baby together. 
[Gaming rancor thread? Gaming rancor thread!](https://i.imgur.com/myuSpet.jpg)
Glover 64
I think Fatal Frame represents the cutoff line for how cute an anime girl you can really incorporate into a horror game before it becomes creepy for the wrong reasons. Like Corpse Party's infamous panty shot on a dead girl.

It's not impossible to mine that specific vein of unease for horror purposes (Made in Abyss is best anime 2017, fight me) but it takes a hell of a steady hand.
Maid outfit = personality
The hair is fine but the real MVP here is the fact she has human-sized breasts rather than her usual volleyballs.
A band of anime teens gain mysterious supernatural powers when they come into contact with copies of Wesley Snipes' Blade II.
Can I switch to JP voices for the stream?
Can you take a shower on campus somehow because 15 miles in Florida sounds like it'd get sweaty.
Or respond to rational arguments in general.
He's so bad at it you'll spontaneously turn straight.
Shadow the Hedgecar
Watch Fate Extra: Last Encore you nerds. At one point it cut from a slow vertical pan of a character talking to a Shaft pose for literally three frames.
This seems to be some weird workstation laptop judging by the Quadro.

The 7700HQ is pretty much obsolete now that all the 8th gen mobile chips are quad core. An 8th gen i5 will keep up at like a third of the price and power consumption. 

There's no sane reason for anyone to run a 500GB mechanical HDD in 2018. If you need like 2TB of storage a mechanical still makes sense but in the 500GB range you should really just stick in two 250GB SSDs and enjoy transfer speeds literally orders of magnitude faster.
Didn't know they made bromptons that big
moar liek sword fart online amirite
Fuck long shows. If Evangelion fits into 26 episodes and a couple of movies with space to spare for a recap episode you really should be able to wrap up your epic saga of 8 year old highschool lesbians sexily eating lunch in a similar time frame.
The final boss is someone clones your game and ports it to PC.
Of all the things wrong with FFXV they chose to spend a year fucking with the graphics which were fine to begin with.
You're drunk Violet, go home
[fuckin atlus](https://imgur.com/a/nOcFW)
So we're working our way to minion memes now
They're saying you can't sue them if the software breaks and it affects your business somehow. Like say you're a famous youtuber and you can't produce videos for 2 days because your FRAPS is bugging out, this means you can't sue them for two days' worth of lost income in such an occasion. 
Why is she eating that book anyway?
There isn't enough information to do more than guess.
[Bad Boy Bronze](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EKTw50Uf8M)
Are you guys running the same version of Windows? I remember way back in the Win7 days there were multiple versions of the 360 controller driver floating around (both straight from MS) and one of them just sucked and did a lot of bizarre shit.
I think it might be a typo, an RX480 is nowhere near as fast as a 1080, the 1060 would be the equivalent nVidia card.
Man you paid for it fair and square just grab a rom
Ah yes, hot new release smash 4 for Nintendo's definitely not dead WiiU.
He's done the whole WDC thing, who wants to go through all that hassle again?
I mean it’s possible they finally installed an adult to supervise the team and/or outsourced everything to Namco but the previous shortest cycle on a Smash title was six years. 
I don't even play Rex in his own game
If you can't tell why this is way creepier than Senran Kagura I don't really know what to tell you.
You can monetize a Youtube video but you can't monetize a GameFAQs guide.

I guess you could host your text/screenshot guide on your personal website and put ads on that but good luck getting anyone to come over and look at it unless you're IGN or something.
The first rule of dual monitors is nothing works with dual monitors.
Depends how good the meme was, really.
It's all fun and games until someone decides to produce some OC
>Hell, there have been times when completely unedited footage from nationally-broadcast childrens' cartoons was getting deleted, with "no furry content" as the reason.

Probably because that's funny?
I really don't want Japan. There are tons of games set in Japan *from* Japan, you're not going to make a more authentic recreation than those guys from spending a week taking photos in Tokyo.
A lot of nuance tends to get lost in translation. Like in this piece here that first line 'The story is as follows' is a literal translation but the tone is too formal. In this context it's more along the lines of a phrase like 'So here's the deal..', like there's this undercurrent of 'I'm about to drop some juicy gossip' to it.
I don't know, I think a large part of it is just that a theater adds nothing to a drama so a lot of people wait for the home release on those. Which means you get this prevalence of big loud action movies at the box office because those are actually better with IMAX and 120-speaker Dolby Atmos.
Did anyone else's highschool have a food-stealing phase that eventually got so bad kids would just lick everyone they unwrapped to deter theft?


Unfortunately their driver lineup is not very kawaii.
Yes, clearly the hotshot mech pilot from out of town who bosses around a meek protagonist, wears a blood red plugsuit, always has to be the center of attention and is called 02 has absolutely nothing to do with Asuka.
Stop trying to turn the Impreza into a Camry and give the BRZ some power.
Me after I change the toner.
The back of the roofline and trunk are very Z4 coupe.
Wat voor nare Spanjool haalt er nou patat bij de Mek zonder de speciaal voor het glorieuze vaderland ontwikkelde neongele fritessaus te bestellen?
Hatsune Miku hologram and Dominos sponsorship for Williams in 2019.
Ah, the annoyingly ungooglable show where the dude enters a tractor in an F3 race.
He wasn't piloting and he couldn't sync with Unit 02 even if he wanted to, the only way it makes sense is if Asuka's just fucking with him.


And then a few episodes later people just ride in Shinji's cockpit in their street clothes no problem.
Turns out he was wearing his pants on his actual hip line all along.
You're such a terrible anime fan you actually have a girlfriend and vice versa.
DBZ is way better in English than with the stupid all-grandma Japanese cast too.
02 stealing bras here represents the societal realities of the modern world forcing OP to cross the line rather than just living a simple, lonesome life growing radishes out in the middle of nowhere.
I prefer the [anime](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjJpf_5FFJo).

(animation by David Production)
Rum is best girl
ON THE PLAYGROUND IS WHERE I SPENT MOST OF MY DAYS
Good old Serial Killers 'R' Us, for all your murder needs.
I'm sorry you don't enjoy a cool game OP
I wouldn't buy anything with a 7th gen chip, shit's old and the 8th gen is like 50% faster or something ridiculous like that (this year's i5s beat last year's i7s).
Great job picking the one franchise that still has cheatcodes, whoever made this image back in 2006 or whenever the fuck laptops still had ethernet ports.
I like having a hood on my jacket in case wet nonsense starts falling from the sky but yeah the ones on sweatshirts are mostly just in the way.
I think it should be okay on the GPU end, on potato settings it'll actually do 50ish FPS on entry-level laptop GPUs (the specific benchmark I saw was an nVidia MX150 which is a frugal followup to the 940M intended to go in thin & light ultrabooks), a single 7950 will crush those, let alone two. Not sure about the CPU.
I'd actually say start with Kiwami because a lot of prequel-ey stuff in 0 will just go straight over your head if you do it the other way around.
Yeah I can't play that game. 
Remind me because it's been approximately a century and the most offensive thing I can think of in SMT: Nocturne ^featuring ^Dante ^from ^the ^Devil ^May ^Cry ^Series is Matador being kinda racially insensitive to ~~filthy~~ Spaniards.
Take on some clothes
No wait that's just a mirror.
It's neat. Because Chromebook hardware is a lot more standardized than general Windows stuff you get a better out of the box experience than you'd get out of basically any other laptop not purpose-built for Linux. Everything just works.
It looks nice in both mango and animu forms (aside from skinny Allmight looking like he marched straight out of Invader Zim) and I like the idea of superhero Hogwarts and how much strategy there's involved in the fights but it just never quite did it for me. I don't care about any of the characters and all of their dynamics just feel stale from the get-go.
I don't know about genre but that sounds like a [handpan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=747hJQNJpeg).
I might pop some monocles here but I'd say a lot of Dragonball Z's appeal is the glorious cacophony of noises it makes. HHHHHYHYYYYAAAAAAAH *zwee-zwee-zwee* KSHIIIIIINNG RRRRAAAAAAAAA KRGHSH KRSHSKSH PSSSYYOOOOOOWW
Oh man I hope you boiled that in bleach before handling it.
Asuka or GTFO
Yeah it's paced as if they wrote all their scene ideas on a whiteboard and then threw suction darts to decide what went where.
If you find a used one for cheap ($100ish) the 2015 11 inch Acer C720(p) Chromebook will run Ubuntu (or rather GalliumOS, a Ubuntu spin with a bunch of tweaks for weirdo ChromeOS hardware) like a champ, once you jump a couple of hoops.  More than decent power for the money too (it's running a 2955u which is a slightly nerfed i3 rather than anyting Atomish or ARM) it feels like a proper laptop.
Kind of infuriating that they're rocking the reacharound mouse when that exact keyboard also comes in a tenkeyless version that would've allowed the mouse to sit next to it.
Top 10 anime betrayals
Are you sure it's not a repo because that looks awfully clean for a 23 year old loose cart from goodwill.

If it's legit that's an easy $200 on eBay.
Who wants to go outside and burn a bunch of fossil fuels when you have a catgirl at home? 
Get out of here with your toonz.
I missed two episodes and it seems to have shifted genres altogether.
Yeah these days you just [make a USB](https://www.microsoft.com/software-download/windows10). It should carry your license over too.
I'd want to solve it just for sport but honestly this seems like the sort of issue where it would be quicker to just reset the OS.

Looking at the split between working/not working games I think it might be a DirectX issue, like the broken games are all newer and DirectX can break in ways where for example *just* DX11 is messed up and everything using older versions is fine. But yeah that's an OS reset too because fuuuuck troubleshooting DirectX.
Bad dragon
I've always been a big fan of Armored Core 4A's [plingy piano title theme](https://youtu.be/Qf6-uOP3pa0). It strays dangerously close to uplifting 00s EDM in a couple of places but I really like how futuristic it sounds without relying on weird sci-fi synths.
The poetry is the real horror.
I really wouldn't buy a fancy screen right now considering how rapidly HDR and the resolution game are moving. There's a lot of half-implemented crap (HDR screens with a contrast ratio way below what they should have and no local dimming whoo) and prices on 4K are still outrageous but bound to plummet soonish.
I think tennis and golf work like that too, which is why tournaments like the US Open have 'open' in their names. It's unusual to see amateurs get to the final rounds of the tournaments though. And 'amateur' here is usually more like a college player who hasn't gone pro *yet*, as opposed to like some 35 year old amateur player just wandering in off the street.
OP's 'tude aside if you were actually looking for Farsi or Nigerian stuff a language tag would be pretty useful for you as well.
It juuust about runs on the newest generation of MX150-backed ultrabooks with some tweaking, and that's the successor to the next model up from the 920M (the 940M).
Logitech just manufacture these basic business pieces for a bunch of brands.
I just wanted something simple to commute on with as few parts to break as possible, a fixed gear was that bike.
I rode fixed without retention for years, it's fine. I mean yeah the bike went faster with SPDs but if I'm not trying to crush KOMs on my 35 pound steel fixed gear with the basket on the front (I did have a brake though, big fan of stopping).
Honestly on a $200 bike Thickslicks are kind of the best you could possibly hope for. They're heavy and uncomfortable but they resist punctures well and unlike most of the rubber you'll find in this price range they're not sketchy as all fuck in the rain.
Nobody's seen it because it was a late WiiU release but in #FE: Tokyo Mirage [they have a loli Tiki who calls you oniichan](https://imgur.com/AeVZzk9.jpg). I think you get to put her in various dresses and shit later on but I'll never know because hashtagtokyomirage is like all of Persona's worst aspects with none of the charm.
You mean I wasn't supposed to laugh at the part where the newly disarmed child soldier tried to drag her wounded C/O out using her teeth?
This one fell kind of flat for me. The NYC thing could've been 20 seconds long, the Northern France is a hellhole bit is getting old and even the Bob Team was pretty weak.
Yeah Jim Sterling is usually the petty locomotive pulling the hate bandwagon. I don't know why people want that sort of negativity in their lives but I can at least respect him for having his own (terrible) opinions.
No I’m fine with banning accounts but I’m saying that in order to then keep those players out permanently you’d need a China-style traceable personal user ID for every person on the internet. And even that is far from perfect.
The Farsight from Perfect Dark. For those who haven't had the pleasure it's an insta-kill rifle that can see and shoot through walls.

edit: oh it also had industrial strength aim-tracking where it'd essentially just snap to target.
Because there's no way to enforce this that isn't a massive invasion of privacy for everyone. You can hit them in the wallet by banning their accounts (think VAC bans) but there's nothing stopping them from just registering a new one and buying the game again.
Get out now
Bixby can still eat a dick but yeah Touchwhizz doesn't bother me at all anymore. Clipboard Edge is useful as all hell for doing work crap.
Its exploration-focused approach has aged a *lot* better than the original JSR's hectic chase stuff. 
It does look like the dress sense of a man who owns Cold Steel products but to be fair I think most of the fit issues are due to it being two outfits stitched together in the middle.
Dang that photographer isn't messing around either.
Both people who want to play Diablo 3 in 2018 must be crushed.
Ziggo Sport! Apparently I'm the only fan actually happy about free live streaming coverage without ad breaks..
That is a ton of expensive engineering to do something pointless.
I lasted three minutes
I'd pay for it, can't stand Pyra's rave stripper outfit.
Is this an AutoZone?
They're doing two PS4 games from that point, I imagine it'll be one big title and something indieish.
Nothing will satiate reddit's list for regurgitated content!
I’ve never used the kickstand. 
The Dreamcast’s fan is on the side, it’s going to overheat.
Why would anyone do that when they have Spotify?
*original character, do not steal
..I don’t really see the downside here
Yeah the first episode is really heavy on references and light on jokes, I didn’t like it much either. It definitely hits its stride once it stops making sense.
It’s a tums festival!
My mind's telling me yes, but my stomach, my stomach's telling me HHHUUURRGHHGG
Man I do not understand the game-buying public sometimes.
>There is just absolutely no sense of progression. You can get the best cars very early on.

I was legitimately pissed when the tutorial was like 'here drive this Lamborghini Venereal!' and went out of my way to drive it as poorly as possible like the petulant child in a grown man's body I am.
Bizarre Creations are long gone.
Let's make a game celebrating car culture with a focus on collecting and modifying cars but then lobotomize the handling model so any two cars of the same general layout and class feel identical aside from their engine note.

Oh and we'll give it a music festival theme but have the worst licensed soundtrack imaginable. 

I don't know I'm nitpicking but it's incredibly frustrating to see something that could've easily been *the dream* just be pretty good instead. Maybe it's because it doesn't really have any competition aside from racing's longest running joke NFS.
Same but then I just Netflix on it.
How is this even a discussion? 3 grand is a bit much but a decent PC will still easily cost more than all three consoles combined.
The constant whining and ludicrous sense of entitlement.
If realism was fun we wouldn't need games.
The combat system is..somewhat lacking in visceral excitement.
You've basically seen the best part.
They're banned from skeleton for life.
It does get kind of overwhelming in the second half of the game when you have six drivers and 40 blades to work with. You're kind of locked in prior to that so your skills work well together but there comes a point where the training wheels come off and you have to really start thinking about your strategy if you don't want to get wiped every 3 minutes. There's a lot of moving parts to keep track of.
By Sega?
Where are all these amazing original memes?
If it's anything like their Android apps on ChromeOS rollout get ready to use this around July 2021.
The personification of action
Which one is blasting Hellshake?
I didn't get the demo so it's purely theoretical but I think I would've ended up buying it once it got to the $30ish range. I'm morally gray I guess.

I also feel like they're idiots for going all-in on a series so aggressively impossible to sell to anyone outside of Japan. I mean, I love these games and I respect that they're out here telling grown ass man crime dramas structured like brawler-JRPGs and I know the authenticity they put into every detail of the setting matters a lot but.. damn man make a game or two about dragons or something and rake in the dough, then get back to your prestige passion project.
The original PS4's wifi is notoriously bad (it's rocking 802.11n with no 5GHz band like it's 2009). If you live in a city in a developed country there's a very good chance the 2.4GHz wifi spectrum is congested to hell and back.
I'm so hype for Silent Hill Survive!

Oh I have that thing's immediate predecessor, the Zenbook UX305. It's a great laptop I'd recommend to anyone.. just not for gaming.

The problem is that while it's decently specced (as an aside I'd *really* recommend finding something with an 8th gen Core CPU as the performance improvement is significant, they went to quad-core so the 8th gen i5s actually beat 7th gen i7s) you're stuck with Intel HD graphics which means most modern AAA 3D stuff won't even be playable on minimal settings. 2D indie games work just fine and older 3D stuff will run decently too but like, my UX305 runs Civ VI at 11FPS on ultra low. My ipad outperforms it in Civ VI.

Dead Cells
Sounds like your asshole friend has a lot more fun with video games than you do.
The MS wireless adapter doesn't actually use Bluetooth, it uses a proprietary Xbone controller protocol. The *newer* Xbone controllers can connect through either Bluetooth or the Xbone protocol, the old ones will only work with the MS dongle.

So yeah unless you're bringing in an old launch day Xbone pad a $10 generic BT donger should do just fine.
Seems fair enough. The PS3 is of course *ancient* but even the Vita will be 7 years old by that point. They had a good run.
Oh would you look at the time
They mentioned Chromebooks, which can be completely locked down and remotely managed. Not that they have a lot of games available in the first place.
I'll be in my lab
Here in Yurp you can get an all-access pass to the physical cinema for like $20 a month.
*nice*
I mean more as in bang for your buck. Aside from the Chromebook 15 (which simply stuck around forever) most affordable Chromebooks today can't even keep up with the C720/Dell CB11 class of 2014 because they all moved to wimpy Atom CPUs. And once you go up the range to the point where they start to perform decently you're basically knocking on Windows ultrabook territory. I never particularly liked ChromeOS (just its cheap, neatly designed hardware) so that was an easy choice for me.
2015 here I come!
According to the tiny fluff article it's similarly shaped and has a textured back like the Pixel2ixel. 
>barely released outside the US so who cares?

-the rest of the world when talking about any of Google's phones other than ye olde Nexus 5
Ha, sorry about that, I thought you were being sarcastic.
Just to be clear here, the reason Ziggo can offer F1 for free is that Liberty Global straight up own Ziggo.
You think they just pull a big lever and a fully-featured streaming platform boots up?
I can't wait.
Yeah but nobody's kicking my seat every 40 seconds at home and if I grab anything soggy and wet I'll at least know what it is.
Are you talking about Xenoblade 2? I hit like a 30 second cutscene roughly every five hours, it's the least cutscene-heavy mainstream JRPG out there.
Looks like a piece of Scalextric track.
You know it's going to go over well at home when even the professional model being paid to wear it looks 101% done with it.

I mean either that or they told her she was going to be in a Sprite ad beforehand.
What's with the harelip though?
I was into chromebooks at one point (back when they were actually cheap) and they announced Android app compatibility so early that none of the chromebooks people had or bought around the time of the announcement ended up actually getting it because Google were like 'lol that shit's old'.


Ah yes the 'I watch literally every race but I still can't tell the Williams and BMW-Sauber apart' era.
Last year's Sauber would've gone well with Lidl
Ungh traumatic flashbacks
Their lens game isn't half bad either. I got the EF-S 24mm 2.8 STM pancake the other day and it's incredible value for money. Like, the age old ubiquitous EF50 1.8 II is a great deal but it has that grungy focus motor and a minimum focus distance of like 8 feet, plus it's kind of claustrophobic on APS-C.. The 24 has *none* of these problems, costs the same and is half the size (it does barrel and vignette a bit but that's what Lightroom is for).
Uh yes? I don't really know what bygone era you're referring to where four year development cycles were ever common.
>Change your MAC address. Super easy on Linux, but idk what the windows commands are, go google it :)

Win10 makes it very easy for wifi connections (pop out the access point list from the taskbar, click properties on your desired SSID, click the big 'Randomize hardware adress' button).
Was Makoto from Railgun the last major anime character to rock the floppy socks?
Ah, it's a rare Project Diva FT controller.
It did give the world the Cheetahmen Theme though.
>Same port as USB-C, but different spec.

Forget Meltdown, this is the worst thing Intel have done this decade.
I mean, if a game runs like shit on a console then that's that, either get over it or don't buy it, but when stuff won't run right on PC it just gnaws at me because I know the issue is on my end. 

It's all messed up because I need like 3/4 must-have games to justify a new $300 console but I'll drop $500 on a new GPU if some random game I don't even care that much about stutters twice. My e-peen cannot show weakness.

Anyway rather than dealing with my issues I've decided to just get very rich instead.
Aggressive indifference
When you're so horny your skirt starts blushing.
Okay that's enough internet for the day.
The world isn't ready.
You guys should meet in the middle here in the Netherlands where there's a KFC on every street corner.
There are Civics out there with worse departure angles.
My toilet (Vileroy & Boch 1901 on rectified tile), female red tabby. Canon EF-S 24mm 2.8 STM on EOS 77D, lit by three 430 EXIII strobes and processed by AlienFX TruTrash compression simulation filter.
Or you know just buy a decent PSU so you don't need weird workarounds to stop your vCore from slumping like the crypto market under load.
God where do people even find the energy to write a giant essay every time Trump says something stupid
Maybe it's a timezone thing but I see more posts complaining about cosplay than actual cosplay.
It works in ChromeOS, but then you have to use ChromeOS.
I like the Forza Horizon barn find map circle.
She's a boring character and I'm tired of looking at her.
I feel like McLaren's road cars in general just have Croc-like sex appeal.
I hope she kills herself but I don't think the show has the balls.
Mutombo would be proud.
let me sleep on it
& Knuckles
Definitely check out Civilization too, it's a legendary franchise for a reason. You can get the actual full-blown Civ VI on (newish) ipads and it's impossible to put down.

I like me a good walking sim or Telltale-style adventure too, stuff like Firewatch, Edith Finch, Night in the Woods, Telltale's Walking Dead and Borderlands, Life is Strange..


The thing with Shadow of the Colossus is the original game ran *very* poorly so the remake actually added value beyond 'OOH IT LOOKS ALL SHINY NOW'.

Although, as someone who's got the PS3 remaster already I don't really see any particularly compelling reason to get the newer one.
Brand new loose carts are never legit. Might as well get an R4 and cut out the scammy middleman if you're going to pirate anyway.
I really prefer playing on a console or better yet a handheld. I play games to relax, I don't want to sit at a damn desk or troubleshoot esoteric hardware issues.
Maybe don't use utorrent in 2018. 
/r/savedyouaclick 
You could just put on a fedora instead and everyone would get the message.
Draculax, the constipated vampire's best friend.
I like how you're showing a game you can just get on iOS to begin with.
Ackshually this is just a charging cable for a battery pack, wireless 360 controllers could not run in wired mode at all and anything USB you plugged into them would just supply power and nothing else. The wired controllers had non-detachable cords soldered to the board.
Very appropriate considering both Sonic and the Civic used to be cool in the 90s.
I mean you *could* but outside of Nintendo's Wavebird and some of Logitech's late PS2 stuff wireless controllers were generally kind of terrible before the 360/PS3 era.
Gears was actually good though.
If you're gonna blast it with compressed air or stick a strong vacuum on it you want to restrain the fans somehow so they don't spin at a million RPM, as that's bad for the bearings. Just jamming a pencil or paperclip in there will do the trick.
Only if you care about your computer or the data it holds. I've got $15 worth of OrangePi and an inquisitive nature.
I feel like I've seen half the frames in this movie by now.
It's oddly soothing to look at once you think of it as a nicely managed bundle of cables..
I did some contract work for a family who hauled the kids around in a legit Brabusbus (worked-over Viano), that thing was neat.
Ah yes it is a pretty bizarre shape. I actually hated the trackpads on it too because you just get zero feedback as to what you're even inputting aside from what's happening on screen with just your thumb, it's way clumsier than a normal laptop trackpad. A trackball would be a lot better but also more expensive/heavier/dumber looking.
Okay mom.
Friender is best boy.
[^John ^Candy] (https://youtu.be/k6mk2n3tk9c?t=40s)
They also worked on Battlefront II. The shitty one.
You're describing the Steam Controller.
I'd F.L.U.D.D.
Ah, I actually hated it in OP's picture because the lighting makes the white look kinda nasty, it's a lot classier looking under different lighting conditions.

Also their race suits are amazing.
I don't really need any more candid pics of teenage boys in my browser history.
How dare these hacks release a game that'll draw a lot of interest and money into my favorite genre!
Yeah Google docs is super useless at even basic formatting stuff, it can't compete with LibreOffice, let alone capital-O Office.
COOL TIME never ends!
It works IRL as well
I guess Euro Truck Simulator 2 would be the main commercially available traffic sim. As the name implies you're in a truck but it actually simulates traffic, fines you traffic violations and includes lots of parking fun-times. For just car handling you'll want Assetto Corsa or iRacing (or just Gran Turismo Sport if those are a bit too dorky for you).
That's kind of what happens with a wide-angle phone camera when you can't (aren't allowed to) get very close to your subject.
Sounds good, thanks!
From what I remember it was neat but kind of disappeared up its own ass at some point, like instead of resolving the plot it kind of just got bogged down in trippy visuals and philosophical rambling.
Anyone know how much content there is here? I've done some preliminary googling but all I keep seeing is '75 tours!' without any indication on whether these are 30 seconds or 3 hours a piece.
who?
I use it for Netflix, it's the only browser that actually does 1080p (it's got the stronkest DRM).
I'd say Konami is the biggest waste, there was a time when they were absolutely unstoppable both from a commercial and artistic standpoint (remember that time MGS2 and Silent Hill 2 dropped within a couple months of eachother?) but they just lost their mojo after the PS2 era and it was just a long slow depressing decline from there. 
Yeah it kind of depends which Mercedes logo you want to pick, they had a tri-pointed star from 1916 but it was kinda chubby and had a red/yellow color scheme, the slimmer silver one showed up in 1926.
The actual Alfa logo is the oldest but the Mercedes star predates the Quadrifoglio by about six years.
Resolution: tall
Of course not, that would be way too exciting and interesting.
Tora is 120% wholesome but Lucoa more than cancels that out. 
I don't know how to feel about Fivehead-chan, there's this creepy undercurrent there that makes it seem she's grooming him to sacrifice a classmate to Slenderman somewhere along the line.
The narrator kind of ruined it for me, I wasn't into his poetry and the dude just sounded way too eager to flex his phat lyrical skillz for someone [on the verge of suicide] (/spoiler).
This used to be an issue inherent to large impersonal gaming forums but now *everyone* is on social media so the grouchy forum hivemind has come to dominate the narrative.


Being a good, interesting character and being a piece of shit are far from mutually exclusive.
No gin during situps if you're packing paunch.
They have the rights to feature this one in their promotional material because they sponsored it.
Better looking than the Bentayga..
This is like electrifying your doorknobs in case burglars show up.
Can't pierce that AT Field.
Also Aeris dies.
Wow, you must be a friend who's great at lossy compression!
That Kazuma's a well-coiffed dude.
Huh? Oh sorry I was thinking about Hellshake Yano.
Imagine having to watch oreimo
Ban this sick filth
Yeah me too. I've sort of wrangled the cord situation by just ziptying them to the frame in a couple of places as I don't really intend to take my wheel off anytime soon.
Is it really Mythra or did they just repackage an Expelled from Paradise figure?
Yeah I kind of top out at the Amiibo level of figurine spending too.
[Everyone, to the trap house!](https://imgur.com/wGsdyvn)
Forget competing with 02, I'd pick most of the squad over Ichigo, dudes included.
That's a GT500 though, GT300 is the (s)lower class in SuperGT.
To be fair Ichigo hasn't murdered anyone yet.
Can we drop the dino thing already considering none of the klaxosaurs look remotely like dinosaurs?
You can get a cheapish lazor printer now that'll print at about 10cpp although obviously at $120ish for the unit itself you'll have to print a fuckton of stuff for an upgrade to make sense on that front (totally worth it due to how much aggravation it saves me compared to our old 2004ish inkjet though).
Don't be mean, Ichigo is a useful squad leader.
The Venn diagram of people who're likely to try and eat small plastic parts and people who enjoy DK64 is a circle.
I've got a Thrustmaster and they have this auto-calibration sequence where the wheel motors through its full range and violently slams into the stops, I leave it unplugged because otherwise it does that every single time you turn on the PS4.
The shiny red bit that looks like the top of a fire hydrant.
'I refuse to watch this cooking show because all I like is plain oatmeal and they keep making things with flavors'
Strong [McDonalds cross branding potential though](https://imgur.com/SJTZp1I).

..wait I knew the iconic neon dill mayo was a regional thing but I didn't know it was literally only available in the Netherlands and Belgium. Get on our level already, world.
I see the live-action version of Kemono Friends is coming along nicely.
It kind of tickles me to see this running the same 4.0 twin-turbo V8 as the roadgoing AMG GT while Mercedes' own AMG GT3 uses the old thunderous NA 6.3 V8 from the SLS.
What's kind of frustrating is that Subaru went through the trouble of developing a SuperGT GT300 class BRZ but  instead of building it to GT3 specs (which are common and competitive in GT300) they adhered to SuperGT's own 'lol just build whatever and we'll BOP that shit later' regulations.

Like, it's an actual (vaguely) production-based GT car but it's only allowed in a series that allows tube framed silhouette racers that don't have to share anything with their roadgoing counterparts.
I dropped the manga at the start of the feather arc, kinda debating whether I should go back and see what the deal is with Megalovermis, Norelcotritondeos and Orbosaurus Multiplicamini. 
This is so sad I spontaneously developed the ability to respect other people's terrible taste in waifus.
Do they even care about actually selling the Pixel though? I see it as more of a 'see, this is what Android *can be*' halo product like the Chromebook Pixel than a product line they're trying to sell in any real volume.

edit: I'm not being an edgelord here I just never ever see or hear anything about the Pixel phone out in my European corner of the real world. 
I remember seeing ads for the Nexus 5 but that's about it as far as Google-branded phones go.
All six of them.
I don't really see what all the fuss is about with the Google camera app. Is it just that dumb DoF filter?
It is when you're a Linux distro and a non-trivial portion of your user base made the switch specifically because MS' Win10 telemetry was creeping them out.

Same reason no one really cares when Chrome does sleazy stuff but when Firefox gets slightly out of line it feels like a betrayal because for a lot of people the whole point of Firefox is that it's not built by an ad company and half their branding revolves about being 'the browser that respects your privacy'.

Anyway the actual data Canonical look to gather looks pretty tame, it's more along the lines of the Steam Census than your typical data harvest.
I just hate how lame they look so I never use them.
Looks like a demo disc that came with a magazine, it's probably Windows PC format judging by the demos and lack of console logos.
Why are the generic blades even in there?
The thing with emulation is the bottleneck is the CPU in 99.9% of cases so gaming laptops don't really have much of an advantage over general purpose models in this situation (unless you're looking at the full retard tier of gaming laptops incorporating desktop grade 45W TDP chips with 20 minutes of battery life).

My own i5-6200u based lappy does just fine with PS2 stuff unless you crank the render resolution beyond what its integrated GPU can handle.
I don't know what part of Yurp you're in but here in the Netherlands physical games are all still €60 on any platform, it's just PSN charging €70 (I'd just switch to a US account if I bought a lot of new digital titles).
Remember that part where she murdered an innocent houseguest on a hunch? Your waifu deserves laifu without parole.
Play a sick buttrock riff
Libre coffee
Why yes I watched Land of the Lustrous as well.
Are they sharing homework with the M8 GTE?
Even if you could that would mean the only people who'd get fullscreen on your videos would be other ultrawide owners, which seems like a great way to annoy the majority of your intended audience. I'd suck it up and just play in 16:9.
Lol
I remember it because I'd just broken my ankle and watched it on a winning combo of codeine and bourbon resulting in an anime-level nosebleed.
Some of them work on Netflix again, I'm on Windscribe and they've got reliable US Netflix again.
The ol' Sega 32X > Sega Saturn 1-2 punch.
Culture Brain, the sigil of excellence
Get a VPN already it's like $4 a month.
I didn't even get one of these (╯︵╰,)
The show really bamboozled me with Altair, there's actually a very good reason she's so lame.
They’re just the stock wheels painted gold.
Excellent casting
but he would’ve been sent away if he couldn’t drive the flowerbot and it’s strongly implied you’re basically dead if that happens. He’s on bonus time here. 
Maybe add princess Tutu
My little sister can't be this advanced!
It has a nice alphabetized app drawer and a button you hit to get a new wallpaper. There's also a useful news feed/weather/calender widget type screen, kinda like the IOS one.

If you want to futz with your launcher for hours at a time this is not the one for you but if you just want something decent looking that's smartly laid out and works well out of the box (after you switch search back from Bing) it's pretty decent.
Android is a living platform, Windows 7 and 8 are dead.
Origin is terrifying.
Ah, I generally use Total Commander for that sort of thing but yeah that sounds like a pretty major missing feature.
I straight up don't remember what it looks like because I only ever use it from the context menu.
[Irfanview](http://www.irfanview.com/), a *fast* image viewer. It's got some basic editing options and a powerful slideshow component but the main reason I've been using it since like 2003 is that it just fires up instantly.
TIL people unironically still use WinRAR in 2018 even though 7zip is superior in every way and a free open source project.
Oh dang, nice.
Wake up, the war was just a convenient excuse to meddle in god's domain and start splicing cheetah DNA into humans.
Big fat cat tats > Itty bitty kitty titties
Inspect my element, dude.
You know it's dark in the theater right?
To be fair my actual Deathadder (groan) has been rock solid since 2013 and it's pretty understated by XTREME GAMER GEAR standards once you turn off the tribal swastika led.

But yeah I've since evolved to the lofty trackball and model M tier of loserdom. Next up: black reeboks, a Honda Goldwing and something ergonomic on a standing desk.
Ah, so the thong strap things are actually serving as suspenders for her tiny hotpants and they buckle into a set of tiny novelty suspenders..
Coincidentally the framerate is 73% higher as well.
I'm saying that in order to have any chance to succeed they'll need to push this thing the way they pushed Android, not the way they supported their 15 different messaging apps, ChromeOS, Gooble Play Music, Google Video or the Android tablet ecosystem.
The thing is both Sony and Microsoft went all-in on their respective consoles while Google love to half-ass everything. 
Yeah in the vanilla game you'll find ore and ingots lying around and but you can't scrap stuff back into base materials. You can do that in Fallout 4 but not Skyrim.
We used to have this cool old toaster everybody loved and then one day someone looked inside and noticed it was lined with asbestos.
How'd you manage to get 14 generations of JPEG degradation onto a screencap from a show that's been airing for like a month?
Ah, now I get it.
So basically Tokyo Mirage #FE except good.
If it makes you feel any better their Windows drivers are so aggressively terrible I never bother to install them.
Suicide doors aren't very christian
a waifu is for laifu
It's okay, I just set my VPN to Spain.
There's SMplayer builds for Windows too. I like having this stuff identical across platforms so I don't have to learn 3 sets of weird keybinds.

edit: I do have a soft spot for Potplayer, which is the spiritual successor to the once-famous Kplayer. It's like the one video player that looks like it was made this century yet has actual power-user features (it's the gold standard in frame dumping/single-frame stepping through shit and has a neat UI mode where the interface hides when it's not in use leaving a completely borderless video window). I think it's just packaged ffmpeg under the hood though.
He's checking her for a fever, he may ock but he also Doc.
It wasn't in-game but I did launch my Xbone controller at a wall once at the end of a long and exceptionally shitty day when all I wanted to do was escape into a video game for 20 minutes only to find my controller had spontaneously forgotten how to sync over bluetooth.
Backlash was inevitable considering the absolutely massive tidal wave of hype it enjoyed initially. 

Don't read Youtube comments if you don't want to see dumb shit.
Oh cool it's the limited edition pre-order Half-Life 2 coasters
I'm waiting for Trivial Pursuit to become an e-sport myself.
>the FLCL equivalent of what Diebuster was to Gunbuster.

One man's dream is another man's nightmare.
They're like the one band in the world that still isn't on Spotify, it's infuriating.
Maybe just drill a hole into a wireless replacement shell? Fill the empty battery bump with Nerds for a convenient mid-game snack.
Altered Carbon actually has enough fight scenes that you could transplant it to an interactive medium without having to switch up the pacing at all. I mean it'd be on the MGS4 end of the fighting/chatting ratio spectrum but it wouldn't be entirely off the charts the way most TV Shows would be.
You can more or less dial out the games gauzy washout filter by cranking your TV's contrast and saturation to the moon, but Reddit will get mad at you.
There are only 5 real 3D Mario games and even the absolute worst one is still perfectly enjoyable.
It's like that car you cruise around in in Final Fantasy XV but a model generation or two older.
That thing's got two good angles and 358 unfortunate ones.
Stop downvoting this guy for being right. It's basically a tintop touring car (think DTM or SuperGT) for the road. Shares the doors, glass and roof with its donor car but everything else is custom.
>Any idiot can buy a big engine and put it in a Lotus.

I agree it's kind of short on sex appeal by million dollar hypercar standards but one glance at that photo should tell you the thing shares about as much with a normal Elise as a SuperGT or DTM car shares with its roadgoing equivalent.
Hm, there has to be an element of self-loathing though.
It's a 458 because the 488 isn't in Gran Turismo. Also the easy way to tell them apart is the 488 has a couple of huge air intakes right around where the fuel filler cap is on this thing, to feed its turbos. It doesn't sound as good but it almost makes up for it in vicious hissing noises.
SMplayer is great, just incredibly ugly.
Gnome MPV is so useless right now it feels like the package equivalent of domain name squatting. Command line MPV's OSD is a more elaborate and complete GUI than Gnome MPV.
What's with the huge bruise?
I'm going to say the Wii one just because it's on the Wii so you have to go track down a wiimote and unearth a sensor bar just to boot the damn thing up and then play the game in glorious fuzzy ass analog 480p even though it came out in 2008.

edit: wait I never took the WiiU sensor bar off my TV, way to go me.

This is why it's a good idea to avoid r/metalgearsolid and their terrible wrong opinions.
All things being equal on the production end Netflix is still serving some wild ass anime to a worldwide audience of people who don't subscribe to weird niche anime streaming sites. As far as popularizing anime and roping in new fans goes that's pretty helpful and honestly kind of the most you could reasonably expect them to do given that they're not a charity.
There was a driver in the cabin which means legally it’s just a really advanced set of driver aides.
People are acting like this screen's hiding super critical and highly useful information as if their l337 H4X><0r skills could somehow speed the process up if only they had a meaningless progress bar and a rapidly scrolling list of cryptic filenames to stare at. 

If it crashes it'll tell you where.
Without even looking I feel confident in assuming progeria porn is a thing and a minor league fetish with some *terrifying* forum devoted to it somewhere.
The thing is it's okay to take a flat, tiny adult to the bone zone because as an adult they're legally able to consent to intercourse, but this convenient and clear-cut line in the sand gets lost once you cross into hentai territory because now they're all drawings and consent isn't even a factor.

At this point there's a strong tendency for people to get squeamish because without that legal line to rely on you're going to have to argue for yourself on what is and isn't acceptable to beat your meat to, and almost everyone is going to err on the side of caution on that one for the obvious fear of being branded a pedo.
>"it's okay because she's actually __".

a drawing


It certainly was unique, I'll give it that much.
I was presented with a character customization and enhancement system and managed to identify the most advantageous attributes. If you can't git gud, git smort.
It’s about as bad as you’re imagining.
I was a mage and fireballs used to come out like Mario’s back in Demon’s Souls, you could just backpedal and they’d be mostly done by the time they got close enough to be a problem.
I'll have to pour out a funsize bag of Goldbaren for my departed homies come N24H'18. 

Their AMG GT3 was just an [amazing blend of sinister and cartoon bear](https://imgur.com/tkYL9E8.jpg).
Nintendo Labo's got you covered.
I was seriously dreading the Valley of Defilement just from the chatter I'd heard from players infinitely more capable than myself but when the time came to tackle it I somehow tore straight through.

Latria fucked with me way harder than the Valley ever did.
I used [this thing](https://i.imgur.com/VCYjEkB.jpg) for a while. It's an Anne Pro 60% kb, they're $70ish from a variety of Chinese retailers, RGB backlit and equipped with your favorite flavor of Gateron switches.

I ended up selling it because it turns out I *really* need the other 40% of a keyboard to do my job but I was quite impressed with the quality for the money.
You can find mechanical keyboards at that price on aliexpress no problem, especially if you're willing to downsize to a tenkeyless kb. Gateron and Kailh switches are both decent these days.

If you're *really* working on no budget Dell's old Model M lookalike AT101W office keyboards with the Alpine switches are worth like $2 a pop these days and they'll outlast us all.

Mouse-wise I don't know I'd probably just pick up a Logitech G203?
Narrow fov = less stuff to render.
I don't know whether it applies monitors but I do know the little LCD on my bike computer is always illegible on frosty mornings.
Yeah me too, this is the first episode where I was really fully on-board rather than just laughing at a single joke.
I really like it (I have the v.goofily named [Elecom HUGE](https://www.amazon.com/ELECOM-M-HT1DRBK-Wireless-Trackball-Mouse/dp/B07353DBP9?th=1)) but I should probably mention the most intense mouse/kb game I play on the regular is Cities: Skylines. Most of what I actually do on here is general office stuff and a lot of photo editing. I can vouch for its accuracy at low speeds (there's so much heft to the ball you can move it with pinpoint accuracy) but it might not be the greatest at twitchier stuff because you don't get that giant range of motion you can get out of a mouse and a big mousepad.
Rakuga Kids let's GO!
It's seriously nuts how far that game managed to spread before the internet.
It's like when your fancy distressed jeans come with holes in places where no pair of jeans has ever developed holes from regular wear, I guess.

[Here's the actual car looking a lot cleaner even though it's nearly 40 years old](https://dedeporsche.com/tag/dick-barbour-racing/).

I use a trackball.
[Here are those elusive detail-hoarding comments, by the way](https://www.reddit.com/r/CringeAnarchy/comments/7vhdsz/snowflakes_got_the_subnautica_sound_designer/?sort=top).

This is why you don't put your real name on your social media shit.
Yeah she's got a bad case of Belldandy.
Yeah maybe because catching a freaking Charizard is more exciting than..whatever Ingress is even about.
Crafting systems can fuck right off unless they're in a game that's just entirely designed around them.
Ah, the old MGS2 Emma mission.
All *Microsoft* games show up on the Windows Store as part of their Play Anywhere program but Capcom are free to do whatever they want.
Dammit I can't believe one of the 12 other people who've played Gregory Horror Show beat me to it!
That sounds terrible.
Yeah that old lady played OP good, none of these games are particularly valuable and fat PS2s go for like $20.
>How is it to emulate old consoles?

Kinda rough to be honest. It's better than a PSP but it's not quite at the modern smartphone or PC level where it'll just run anything you throw at it at 300% speed flawlessly. Like it'll need some frame skip to handle SNES/MD stuff and it can juuuuust about do PS1.

The screen is also *tiny* if you're used to modern phones and handhelds, especially when you're mostly dealing with 4:3 content.
I've always been more of an SG man.
It's literally because the 3DS is so incredibly weak it can't run a SNES emulator properly. That's why the SNES eshop stuff is exclusive to the New 3DS.
The offset thing is so bizarre because they didn't just model rims in whatever the most common offsets are, they actually went out of their way to model flattened versions as if they were planning to implement custom offsets and just never got around to it.
I really wouldn't mind if the whole festival angle just went away already, or at least turned into something a bit more racing-focused along the lines of Ridge Racer 4/5's presentation.
Be careful who you call unfunny pedobait in ~~high~~ ~~middle~~ ~~grade~~ preschool.
I want to say it would've been like, Slime Rancher's level of success. Decently well-known and carrying some hype but ultimately not that big of a deal.
>is it really that hard to comprehend that some people travel abroad or go in nature and came sync 50GB of photos/videos?

No but it's kind of hard to imagine a situation where you'd end up in either of those situations unexpectedly and would need to rely entirely on your phone for all possible storage needs.
>Would you accept 64GB of storage on your computer? No? Then why would you accept it on your phone?

Because my phone has to fit into my pocket and my PC weighs 80 pounds?
>Ive never understood using the cloud for permanent storage what with the cheapness of memory these days

I trust Dropbox a hell of a lot more than I trust some wonky ass SD card or even my own HDDs.
>I commute every day in the UK

There's no 4G in the UK?
If I were regularly shooting 4 hours of video I'd invest in something a bit more robust than a cellphone to do it with.
Yeah I remember caring about this a lot back in like 2013 but now it's a total non-issue. Everything's in the cloud, data is unlimited, I don't even know whether my phone has an SD slot.

edit: oh it does, that's nice.
Movie theaters
5-hour lethargy
Avatar itasha should be on Neon SRT4s only.
A Destroyer in every home!
F̵̧̛̉̂͂͊̌̃̾̀̉̕W̎ͮ̔̔̒͛ͮ̄ͩ҉̸͘͜Aͨ͂̇̉͝͝B̡ͦ̓ͥ͑̕͟҉B̢̄̊͋ͯ̏̊ͭ̾ͬ̑̏͛̚͟͢͠͝Ȇ̷̛ͧ͋ͯE̴̶̡̽̿͐̃ͫͤ̓̇̋̄̚̚͠͞E͐͆ͣͪ͐ͫ͠Ė̉̔̾ͪ͂͋͌ͪ̐͗̓ͭ̆̈̍͊͂̅͟͟͞Ë̛̐̌̾̀͢͠R̷̶̋̎̍̌͆͋́͠R̵̵̢̨̽͛̇͛̐̍̔͑͐̈́͑̍ͮͧͬ̚R̨̄͌̏̽ͨ͊̅ͨͯ́̀̚͜͞!̷̶̨̽̊͋ͥͫ̈ͥ͌̆̃ͮ͒̋͡!̡̋͐̀̄̅͗͒̌̾̒̚҉͘͢!̨ͩ̔̂ͯͦ͗̓̋̅ͮ̈́̒͢͢͠!̷̓ͨͪͯ̒̃҉   (x3)
This is the IBM Model M buckling spring keyboard, widely considered to be the greatest mechanical keyboard ever produced. They're worth about $80 a pop these days although their popularity has waned a bit now that regular Cherry-style mechanical keyboards have gotten very affordable and PS/2 ports are quickly going extinct. Still, the true faithful will accept no substitute.


Damn I've actually got ramen, eggs and spring onions sitting around, time to get my tampopo on.

update: the egg's consistency after coming into contact with boiling water can only be described as 'cumlike' and both me and my stomach regret our actions.
Lamborghini, the supercar for people who aren't all that into cars.
Yeah let me go out and hit da club on my own, that'll be way less sad.
I just use whichever title is less of a pain in the ass to remember. 
Boku no pico de gallo
I read they're actually very rare in Japan these days (on Speedhunters, I don't really know how much faith to put in their journalistic acumen).
[Commando Duck](https://imgur.com/m0N1FO4.jpg)
They base the prescription on your score.
I don't really get adults who play Pokemon, don't you just blindly smash through the game in 20 minutes because it's balanced for little kids? Is it an idle clicker/animal crossing/stardew kind of experience for people where you're just there to soak up some pleasant vibes?
Neat, it's a dedicated drama led.

I'd start by running memtest.
I really liked this game/app but then a year later smartphones happened and it immediately transformed into an antique.
I'll ~tcl when (not if) I get stuck in level geometry and refuse to deal with Fallout hacking but other than that I tend to play Bethesda games fairly legit.
Forza Horizon 3 pretty much owns this genre. It costs money though.
Someone signed off on this cover and character design.
Dark Souls 2 ran like absolute ass on the 7th gen consoles anyway, every time a color filter comes on you're looking at 15fps.
At 3 cents I'd say it's worth it for irony value alone. It'd look good in between Bomberman Act Zero and Sonic 06.
'I know I'm a bit late but wow this game is gorgeous!1!'
They'll want to wait and see whether anyone actually signs up for Nintendo's online system once it stops being free. There don't exactly seem to be a lot of compelling reasons to do so unless you're into Splatwoon.
Wait, Outrun 2 home port and Sonic All-Stars Racing Sumo Digital?
I think OP got scammed
I got to 25 myself. It just feels like it's way too in love with its own presentation and charm to even try to be a good game. The daily life stuff seems to go out of its way to be as tedious as possible (do we really need those five transitions every single pointless nothing day?) and the battles are completely braindead aside from the handful of boss battles where you actually get to do something more interesting than hitting the ice guy with fire and watching the 20 second all-out-attack cutscene over and over and over again.

It's literally verging on self-parody but for some reason fans are lapping it up anyway.

God dammit that's like having Oblivion as your favorite Elder Scrolls
It's a brilliant marketing ploy where the likes of Razer and Corsair managed to get nerdy dudes interested in home decoration by making it techy and relevant to their particular aesthetic preferences.
Chunchunmaru 
It also explains a lot
Her parents both main Sagat
Nope!
Windows in general will just pop up a menu when you hit a soft power button.
Hi there, person living in a rap video circa 2003.
Ah, thanks.
It's not a popular opinion but I can't stand the JoJo anime. It's ugly and it's got no style, both of which are kind of deal breakers when you're adapting JoJo.

The voice acting and music picks are pretty inspired though, I just wish it actually looked cool.
I don't think Destroyer can read.
Was it all that amazing? I liked the look but it didn't really make me laugh.
Dude's ode to his Saturn was oddly touching.

Also this plays a snippet of Battles' Africastle all over the plays and it's the most bizarre thing.
She's the least shitty adult in either of their miserable lives though.
Oh boy a racing game on a platform without usable controls.
The N64 had actually been out for the better part of a year by the time DKC3 came out (March and November 1996, respectively).
Or just support Game Dev Story which they completely ripped off instead.
I'd be very grateful for the fact you get to walk up carrying your stick so at least you've got something to do with your hands.
There's more energy in pro darts and those guys are all 50 and weigh 300 pounds.
Same. Someone sponsor me at EDF 4.1 pls.
It'd help if they jogged out or something, the worst part of this is the transition from lethargic shuffle to kpop pose.
Y'all [gay for metal Sonic](https://i.imgur.com/NY6pdcQ.jpg) by the way.
million dollar onahole
Mweh, I don't think I'd even buy it.
My money's on the bolts holding the horizontal and vertical parts of the supports together. Well that or it just rips a chunk out of the bumper.
At least it's shitty enough to fall apart before they're even out of the lot.
Have them do the tire changes
Nobody asked about your sex life dude.
Man that's not great but like, someone could've just flipped a table and knocked over a vase.
Seriously? Yu Suzuki had to take Shenmue 3 to Kickstarter but this shit is an instant greenlight?
Yeah that's kind of silly, if I had a bunch of smart audio gear I'd definitely want to check how well it works with Spotify before subscribing.
Pretty hard to stab someone with the world's tiniest santoku, really.
You know you're out there when you're too homophobic for Jamaica.
48 hours in and I still can't launch. RNGesus has forsaken me.
AAAAH DON'T SHOOT DON'T SHOOT
u-haul ass
but enough about Goldeneye
It just makes more sense with the way control sticks physically move (as opposed to 'flat' inputs like mice/touchpads/d-pads) To make something face up you tilt it back. 
I get it OP. I wouldn't even mind an easy mode (it pretty much defeats the point of playing Dark Souls but eh whatever makes you happy) but it's just the fact we have ONE FUCKING AAA GAME that dares to treat its players like adults who know how to hold a controller and oh shit here come the care bears because every last dimwitted potato who hasn't played a game since Wii Sports has to be able to see every last hidden scrap of content in the game without having to put in even the most marginal effort.

On the bright side the Souls series has kind of served its purpose already just by proving there is still a market for big, difficult games that don't insult the player's intelligence and we've thankfully come a long way from the hellishly bland gaming landscape Demon's Souls was birthed into. Breath of the Wild would not exist without Souls.




>Dark Souls isn't hard, it's just like a bullet hell shmup
There was a wave of Poliogon/Kotaku/Medium articles about this last year.
Those Kinect games made shitloads of money on a relatively low investment though.
They'll start releasing negative numbers of games, like TF2 will just be erased in spring 2018.
Except their stocks immediately spiked after this article came out.
Obviously I knew there was more stuff coming but the main reason I bought a 360 at launch was Perfect Dark *fucking* Zero.

Later on I picked up a PS3 mainly for Demon's Souls.
Seems long overdue for them to make some drastic move, the Xbone has been running on fumes for years. The gamepass thing makes it seem like they're finally ready to burn their bridges with retailers in order to become the Netflix of games and acquiring a bunch of development studios seems like a sensible move in that scenario.

There's no way they can actually buy Valve or EA though, MS are rich but not that rich.
They also started the insane trend of having online on consoles.
MUDs and e-mail chess I guess
Probably reserved video memory.
At this point MS selling the Xbox division to EA seems a lot more likely. 
Neat!
Oh my god I can be friends with a *real* meme lord!?
Nah you just type dragon maid dragon maid dragon maid until you're swept away to a world of whimsy and fanservice.
[There's some more pics of it here](https://chipsmotorsports.com/engine-rebuild/chips-motorsports-20b-ppt/).

I still say the Porsche nose is tacky af and doesn't really work with the car's styling but yeah it's a built triple rotor, it transcends aesthetics. It's got like, Viper-sized rear tires too, this thing's not fucking around even if it looks like a stanceturd at first glance.
To be fair there wasn't an awful lot going on in X besides gameplay..
Fake Porsche vibes aside I don't really like what elongating the schnoz like this does to the proportions. It's probably functional though.
This is seriously baffling because the bodykit screams 1999 but it's on a car that didn't come out until what, 2007?
Basically every fighting game tournament is run on consoles. Racing games are kinda 50/50 between niche ultra hardcore PC sims on one hand and the comparatively gigantic budgets and popularity of Gran Turismo and to a lesser extent Forza on the console side.

FPSen and dotaclones are just very PC-centric genres (with the notable exception of Halo).
Such a weird/cool special edition with the way it actually extends the console's body to the side. It's got a Mega CD II kinda silhouette now.
He actually looked a *lot* like Jackie Earle Haley's Rorschach from Watchmen. Like he had frizzy red hair rather than straight but that's basically it.
He also went through a Spawny/Punisherish phase where he fancied himself a hero but would brutally beat people for jaywalking and stuff.
To be fair having a clusterfuck of conflicting Spider-Man continuities is pretty much part of the source material.
If they're clever they'll just lift the stupid/great concept of the SPIDERVERSE from the comics and retcon the past 14 reboots in there while they're at it. Toss Spider-Gwen in there for a couple of scenes, get the neckbeards all turgid..
I was thinking Mario and Wario but then there's quite a number of good Wario games completely devoid of Mario.
I see, thanks!
A Mercedes SL weighs upwards of 4000lbs, I don't think blocking any and all airflow over the brakes with these bedazzled pie plates is a very good idea.
>I wonder what people did.

There's lots of reports of unrealistically fast lap times, like Suzuka GP in 37 seconds and stuff.
How does a turbo button help you grind though?
I mean I guess that's Nakoruru if they say so?
Where the Hamon at?
Don't forget the giant clown shoes.
>I think the main problem of this race was the terrible BoP between DPi and LMP2

It didn't even feel like the same class, let alone a balanced one. 
Me except I watched an episode of all 25 and dropped them all instantly and also don't give a fuck about citrus.

edit: wait I'm still watching 50% of every episode of Poop Team so make that 24.5/25.
I suspect they used to work on Disgaea.
I was straight up shocked Pyra can actually cook because it's like anime 101 for your waifu to produce nothing but inedible garbage.
Wow it's like a chalkboard eraser.
If you use a racing wheel every flourish knocks a tenth off your lap time. 
My main issue is the cum looks like bathroom sealant.
Kinda triggered by GT4 Prologue randomly being in all caps..
TouchWiz is fine these days.
..wait this and fortnite are different things?
because you touch yourself at night
I'm with OP, it's a giant unfair advantage (turns chair around and continues playing GT Sport on a $500 900 degree FFB wheel).
I'll take the Switch over anything right now because it's just the most convenient and versatile piece of game playing hardware out there. It boots in a second, there's no garish ads or useless clutter on the home screen, it does the whole Switch thing and it can resume/suspend/drop to homescreen instantly. I just want to play some fucking games and the Switch is all about that.
More companies should be making games so fucking generic you can't even identify them from a screenshot.
The best Final Fantasy is Chrono Trigger.
It's also a comedy show so it's actually rare for Aqua to be on-model.
There's story?
So they were trying to sabotage the Trump campaign by spreading his dumbass tweets?
RWBY can be an anime, it just happens to be a terrible one.
The Nokia N-Gage
It’s always been wrong though, it has a flat 12 but it’s a 180 degree v rather than a boxer. The pistons don’t box.
Not really
I love how everyone keeps ignoring the fact UWP apps have *working* DRM. That is fucking HUGE from a publishing standpoint.
>the fact that it's exclusive to the Win 10 store says a lot

It's an UWP app, it relies on the Windows Store and Win10 features for DRM. Their DRM actually *works* too so that's why they're not too keen to repackage it as a plain exe.
Why would Microsoft want to encourage you to hold onto an obsolete, unsupported OS?
Dude Steal is his main thing. 
His class is adventurer.
It was pretty neat but kind of a poor man's Yakuza with a big helping of generic third person open world thing it didn't really need.
Nothing like motorcycling up the stairs, down the hall and onto Wei's bed.
You'd be surprised how much stuff breaks if you don't have audio hardware, like Youtube won't even play videos in silence (maybe it does now, this was back in the flash days).


Also, whining about how sad it is that Capcom went under after betting the farm on a well-regarded niche game complete with people trying to retcon RE6 and MvCI into good games.
The problem is Tegra is ARM, not x86 and even though there's a Windows 10 flavor out there for ARM the only games that support it are a handful of mobile ports on the Windows Store. 
I feel like we hit the wall back around 2008 and everything since then has just been a colossal waste of resources to get like, 2% more realistic hair and that thing where people's ears go semi-translucent when they're in front of a bright light. 
I seriously can't believe how delusional and over-entitled some of you people are. You're literally upset these things are being bought to make actual money instead of being used as toys.
I've got a 480 and yeah it's now basically worth msrp again.
My scooter is actually like that, 12 inch wheels and all but with the added hassle of a disc brake on one end and an engine on the other. It just came with a little screw-on 90 degree adaptor.
They also said it'd be motorsports focused but they keep releasing road cars.
Oh nice, Extra Soft, that's just the power range I need.
Get a better phone dude.
Look for the poor thing's autism tag and contact her handler.
My thinking was LM and the Indy 500 are both huge standout races that bring in a lot of competition that may not be there during the rest of the season while Monaco is very glamorous and gets a lot of attention but you're just racing the same competitors you race all season. Like winning in Monaco isn't any harder than winning Baku.
I always thought the F1 leg of the triple crown was to take the entire championship, not just Monaco.
This looks like a shot from [Mercedes' heritage collection](https://www.carmagazine.co.uk/features/car-culture/inside-mercedes-holy-halls-car-january-2016/) (scroll halfway down the page to see the F1 cars stored in these fancy crates).
The Steam controller is literally useless for fighters due to a severe lack of d-pad but the Xbone pad is actually pretty decent. 
I didn't really realize while playing but some of VA-11 Hall-A ^Cyberpunk ^Bartender ^Action's soundtrack is pretty reminiscent of this specific jam.

The one that always stuck with me was Nissan's [grating ass theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxgHO7bKWUE) though. 
It should turn off if you press the guide (Xbox logo) button for a couple of seconds.
People call these 'roguelites', as in, a game that's not a full-on roguelike but contains heavy roguelike elements.

I'm a big fan of Dead Cells myself. It's like a more action-focused Rogue Legacy but with much more attention paid to the way it *feels* to actually play so instead of sorta wobbly physics and floppy combat it makes you feel like a panther somersaulting through extra virgin olive oil and every hit feels like George Foreman's walking left hook.

In a similar vein Super House of Dead Ninjas does an action-focused sidescrolling roguelite thing but turns the intensity up to 11. There's a Downwell sort of vibe to it, both because you're always moving down (the goal is to descend a giant tower) and in how frantic it is.
I bought the Switch version but I'm still busy with Xenoblade 2
Ah okay I was wondering when we'd go in this direction. Not sure MS quite have the clout to pull it off anymore though.
The dead end of the internet.
Reddit has actual information, Pinterest unintentionally turned into a crowdsourced engine built to strip the internet's images of any useful context and then hides their (borrowed) content behind a subscriber wall.
How would that help?
If they did they'd just think she was a badass.
The way they mention it's also in Win10 tabletaptopvertibles kind of makes me suspect it might be a higher-TDP tablet version of the normal phone part, which would also explain why they gave it a giant battery and a body fat enough to shed some heat.

They're also claiming it'll work from any angle, as opposed to the 3DS' narrow sweet spot.

But yeah just having the screen itself be nice to begin with would make a pretty dramatic difference compared to the 3DS horribly low-res screen and awful color reproduction.
I never liked driving Le Mans. The first half is like a poor man's Monza and the noodly part leading back to the main stands almost feels randomly generated. I've never managed to catch any sort of rhythm there despite it (unsurprisingly) showing up in a lot of racing games' endurance challenges
Xenoblade 2 balance
To be honest I shot both of them before they had a chance to talk.
The principal
DTM is always a smart investment because you just do three or four cars and you've got yourself a full grid.
That's an old spinster by anime standards.
Why do animation fans love this show with amazing animation so much?
Mario is missing..

consent.
I kind of look down on anyone spending *that* much time on a hobby without making a living off of it. It might not be autistic but it's a pretty clear indication you have no life if you're able to spend 9 hours a day playing super metroid every single day.
>Is it because the 360 was doing well and once the Xbox one came out and it wasn’t doing well they stop releasing numbers?

Basically. Nothing drives customers away faster than the idea a console is failing (see: the WiiU and the Vita's self-fulfilling prophecy).
Kinda depends whether you were into the first one. I'd say it's pretty skippable.
But then the PC version also makes less money because you're competing in an ecosystem with constant -75% sales on everything and rampant piracy. It's an afterthought for a reason.
>[A cockatoo is a parrot that is any of the 21 species belonging to the bird family Cacatuidae
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cockatoo)

'Parrot' also refers to the entire order of bird ranging from budgies to macaws. All cockatoos are parrots.
This specific bird would be a cockatoo in English but 'parrot' is also the term used for the entire order of birds which includes everything from parakeets to macaws.
Pics ^or ^^it ^^^didn't ^^^^happen
Some say he's still cumming to this day.
Sonic games actually do this in 3D, they go out of their way to rig his model so the mouth can appear at any arbitrary point on the fleshy jaw/cheek area underneath his mono-eye so he do can his trademark smirk properly. Sega *insist* on that shit.
> their rally cars and racing trucks will be in Gravel and Dakar 18

Usually with racing series the organizing body hold the right to depict all the entrants, like how F1 games always had Ferraris in them even back when EA and then Acclaim (lol) held the 'exclusive' Ferrari license.
Got caught in a rainstorm on my bike and decided to keep going because I was freezing my nuts off. It did still work after drying out for a couple of days but the talk speaker, light sensor and front camera were all toast.

The phone I got to replace that one decided to pop out of my jacket one day when I bent down abruptly and predictably shattered into a million pieces on the pavement, which actually sucked a lot more as it was all of six months old at the time. That was the day I stopped trusting sexy super slim covers that don't cover anything (it was an OP3 in the cool bamboo cover).
Yeah that's what I used to say..
>The game literally *told* you that you should keep going to see the true story.

The ultimate in filler tech.
You get black bars ('pillarboxing') when doing 16:9 stuff. There might be a zoom mode or something but then you're cutting off part of the image which is way worse than having the bars.
I don't see one? It's most likely just bolted to the wall, either directly or on a swing arm.
Looks like an Ikea hack. Two cabinets, 8 legs, the center support and a table top, all sold seperately.

It's going to sag though, because Ikea. 
photoshop phriday has nothing on this shit
Are you saying your doctor doesn't wear a helmet-mounted gopro at all times?