There's an official facebook group for the supporters branch in Qatar so you can contact them and see
Not at all similar. But definitely must-watch 
https://nauticus.io/ref/9c6c3b4827fdf5d2550ffd1895fce12d4fe901df75b42caa42d677f36c2addd8

Same here as well
Any idea where I can get the curriculum for level 1 in PDF?
Isnt credit card still more expensive? The forex rates on credit cards are usually more expensive than bank transfers.
Have you looked at coinmama? Their prices are little higher than exchanges but they allow credit card and verification takes hours. 
You van only buy on the site though
Also, you could try kraken. You can be basically tier 2 verified within minutes which lets you trade (deposit and withdraw) upto $2k daily or 10k a month. I wasn't going with Kraken earlier due to the site being offline majority of the time, but apparently the last month's update has improved things.
You could also go over the r/kraken and see how it is.

Hope it helps :)
Yep, that's really annoying. Would gladly move to other exchanges if I had my chance but unfortunately, Kraken and Bitstamp are the only exchanges that allows to trade with fiat for me due to my location.
Its so annoying cos I dont even have to worry about taxes but I cant sell my crypto until I get verified on either of those exchanges (Kraken has me verified till tier 2 though). 
Oh wow. Where are you living if you dont mind me asking?
Have you looked at bitoasis? If you are living in UAE, KSA, Kuwait, Bahrain or Oman you can try the exchange.
Yep, received the same automated reply to this ticket, another ticket I opened last month AS WELL AS on twitter "we are experiencing backlog etc etc". Extremely annoying. 

The replies on the tickets and twitter both come atleast 2 weeks later as well. 
Eriksen
Omg apologies. I thought I had already replied to you.

Its all fine now. I had immediately checked if the firmware was installed or anything fishy and it wasn't. I have already started using the trezor and I am so happy that not only does it works great but its very safe as well.

Thanks a lot for your support guys. Keep up the great work.
I built my pc last year and got lot of my parts from PlusOne computers in the sofitel. Google them. They dont steal.

They will also assemble your pc if you do order parts yourself.

What I will recommend though: get most parts except GPU, Motherboard, monitor and case from online.

GPU, motherboard: you can often get a bad or defective piece. Exchanging/returning will delay your PC and the shipping charges will also add up.

Case: because its usually big in size and weight, shipping will cost you a lot. Especially the bigger you go, the better it is to look in the local market.

Same reason for monitor as well (and I would say PSU as well since PSU can get heavy too)

Also personal opinion: if you want water cooling, better to go custom than AIO water cooling as I have seen lot of AIO coolers break down or start leaking after a period of time.


P.S deleting my comment earlier and pasting it here.
This is perfect now. Thanks
I hope so. I missed the stream so its confusing as of now as OG pixel was 2+1 year as well. 
Is it now 3 year for OS update as well or still 2+1?

https://support.google.com/pixelphone/answer/4457705

This website says 2 years of android OS update and 3 years for security though. Kinda confusing now
Just saw this and headed to this page for more info
https://support.google.com/pixelphone/answer/4457705

Its 3 years of security updates. OS updates are still 2 years. 2 years is really shitty tbh
Holy shit
r/nopoo 
Ffs autocorrect lol sorry
I actually agree. His strength is his passing, his ability to shield the ball and his quick feet. Against teams that defend deep like stoke did at times, playing at CAM means less space for Pogba. In such a case, playing deeper means he has more time to pass and less players to shield the ball against and he can easily make his runs as well. Moreover, in yesterday's game, playing Pogba at CAM meant we basically didnt have a lot of creative passers from MF. 

Edit: POGBA ffs  
Really don't get why more of Uniteds players werent attacking the box in the 1st half during crossing. Butland's save in 1st half n other moments in 1st half as well were its only Lukaku up front. 
I think the whole game, Lukaku n Rashford had some brilliant movement in the 1st half, but United didnt capitalise on it once. Plus Stoke were shit in 1st half, so many passes given away.
United were way too rigid in the final third today, especially in the first half. 
As someone playing on comp on PC, this happens way too often.
Even yesterday while defending, no one bothered taking pharahmercy counter (I was orisa and I tried). One player switched to 76 but because the rest of the team couldnt coordinate, he gave up n switched back to junk. Joy.
Then for attack, I take 76. Same thing. If I tried targetting mercy first, that Pharah took me down. If I tried targetting Pharah, it took way too long to kill her due to mercy heal and by then the rest of the team would start attacking me. And all the while my team is shouting KILL MERCY....NOOB SOLDIER etc etc. More joy.

Its Incredible how even on comp people straight up ignore the combo and just refuse to coordinate even when you have pharah counters.
Umm those are 2 different banks mate
That's exactly what I meant as well. In today's market €100mn for Griezmann is definitely great price for someone of his calibre
I agree as well Dembele would most probably go on to be a better player. But then that's the thing: he might. Its all based on potential.
My point was about world record fees and potential.
Rooney was record fee for a YOUNGSTER. He wasnt even top 3 (might be wrong so correct me if I am) in world record fee.
In fact, last 4-5 years most top record fees has been for players who are already in peak or atleast clearly established world class players in their position like Ronaldo, Bale, Pogba, even Neymar. 
Mbappe and Dembele going for top 2 in record fees for their age and current experience is absolutely crazy. 
Griezmann has been doing it for more than 2 seasons though. And he will still be only 27 next season which is like starting of the peak age for forwards.

My point is that no way should an already proven, established player like Griezmann cost less than someone who's only had around 1 good season (and in case of Mbappe not even that) and yet to hit peak. 
Likes of Rashford/Mbappe/Dembele etc shouldnt cost more than Griezmann or even Suarez when he was moving to Barca.
These figures are a LOT of money for potential.

Edit: also, pretty sure Griezmann could easily have been given a much higher release clause in any other different scenario. 
Yep and looks like even Dembele won't be 2nd for long with Mboopie to P$G being more than Dembele.

Also, IF Grizemann comes next year, that would be a bargain as well for someone his caliber as his release clause is reportedly still around 100mn euros. 
Its nothing when you think long term yes. But its still a LOT in human time. Its not like time is gonna speed up. And you are still going to go through relationships watching them die (your partners, your children's etc). It not scary but I think it makes it too painful (atleast for me) to go through all of that numerous times.
No. I wouldn't take immortality itself IF I was the only immortal one. Watching your loved ones die, getting the strength to love again only to see them die again. And 10,000 years is a LONG time. Your other choice is to keep a distance from everyone. 
The movie, Age of Adaline explores this concept btw. 
Matic winning the ball AND his run.....brilliant
Probably late, but go for Amazon's shop and ship service. They are unaffected by blockade.
I just got my protein last week from amazon US :)
to Barcelona yes. But not directly to Qatar (which is what most people are speculating) 
Because the countries have closed off air space for flights going to/from qatar. 
And he can be in Dubai for ANY number of reasons. Transferring, time off, promotional activities, etc. 
Point being, IF he did want to come to Qatar, it was very stupid to do it via Dubai as its a plain burden to travel between Doha-Dubai right now FOR ANYONE.
Even the diplomats negotiating the crisis are meeting in neutral countries like Kuwait or Oman so Neymar asking for permission is hilarious.


Sources on private jet travel between Doha-Dubai (one month old):
https://privatejetcardcomparisons.com/2017/06/06/qatars-diplomatic-crisis-is-impacting-private-jets-too/


You can see a map of the closed airspace and how its affected flights from Qatar to ANYWHERE (since they can only use Iranian or Omani airspace) here:
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/qatar-diplomatic-crisis-affects-air-travel-170605093547258.html
He cannot be with Qatari Emir in Dubai LOL because of the current blockade. 
He cannot go to Qatar DIRECTLY from Dubai due to the blockade either lol. Even if he's on private jet, its a pain going directly to Qatar from Dubai. 
Stop clutching at straws and wait for official statements.



Which ones? I live in Qatar mate, no direct flights between dubai-doha.
If you want to go to dubai from Doha (or vice-versa) you have to do it through Oman and that too on airlines other than Qatar Airways, Emirates, Flydubai.
Qatar airways are not allowed in dubai so no transfers even from Oman.
Emirates, fly dubai and etihad are not allowed TO go to Qatar so also no transfers from/to Oman. 
Best bet is go via Oman air.
Direct private jet: MIGHT happen but will also be a pain because its not just airlines that are not allowed to fly but even the air-corridors are blocked by UAE, Bahrain, Saudi and Egypt.  
Doubt so. Even the air corridors are closed by these countries.

Edit: direct private jets MIGHT be a possibility but they still would have to reroute weirdly as the air corridors are closed. This is, IF the private jets are allowed to-from between Doha-Dubai 
 
Nopes cant happen. There's no flight connections between Dubai-Doha right now due to the blockade. 
maybe backup to Romero? I really don't see how else Jose can expect the fans to be even remotely be happy about Hart
Errm best comment: 
Whats Rooneys favorite chocolates? Erm and erms. LMAO
Wow that was a really good way of making it official
Another briefing then?
Oh ffs i am going to bed
48 hours....
"You shut your whore mouth"
Expectation vs Reality:
https://twitter.com/FourFourJordan/status/882583226551762944
Same here. My family is very conservative, almost to the point of being borderline racists. Now I am personally at the complete opposite end, but because I have grown up and lived almost my entire life in hardcore conservative environment (I live in Middle East) there are few things that I know I might initially not be very comfortable especially when put into certain scenario and no matter how much I try to prepare for changes to my thinking/personality/views, when the actual time comes, it requires a lot more self-awareness and efforts.


For instance, during one of my 'crusades' to try and make my family understand, I once said that if my kids turn out to be homosexual, yes I MIGHT be a little "disappointed" because I have my personal expectations just like any parent would when it comes to their kids getting married in a certain way. BUT that would never mean they stop being my kids or me hating them or their partners etc. In fact once they are adult enough my expectations should not even matter a lot.
And I very well understand that the reason of my POSSIBLE disappointment in this case is more because until recently I have NEVER known homosexuals personally and I live in an environment where homosexuality is punishable so its natural for me to be a little hesitant when its the time to make the actual change in my personal life.


I realised that such self-awareness is very important when dealing with issues like sexuality, racism etc because I have seen a LOT of people who think they are open-minded but because they lack the awareness of dealing with such changes within their families, they end up doing more harm than good (like ending up homophobic with their own kids).


So, now everytime I feel I am in a situation where I feel I am being narrow-minded, I ask myself this "what would I do if my kid would do this?" And its incredible how well it has helped me when I try to be more understanding. If you can't watch/tolerate your own kids when it comes to issues like sexuality, racism etc then you can't expect to having it easy when it comes to being tolerant to other people around you either.
Or 0.09 schmeckles
Y no Weigl :(
Not to forget, missing out on Fabinho to P$G might clear the way for Verrati moving to Barcelona
Money wise, its really hard to say because the fees imo are ridiculous. £80m is the new £40m.
But long term wise yes, its not looking too good especially considering there's someone like Fabinho.
$4.99 + darmian
Astrology.... he would be a perfect fit in the Indian league
I think he's coming next summer especially considering they have not increased the buyout clause with his new contract.
Basically Ronaldo 2.0 scenario
No because I think that Mbappe has way much better decision making and its probably what makes him so good.
tier asshole
yep just saw it as well. Looks like a briefing or something from Morata's side. Also read somewhere there United were going for another bid
Ya, you are right, sorry for the misunderstanding. It seems like they referred to the Telegraph report as an additional confirmation of what they are reporting and are not actually basing their report on it.
Also, Jose Felix Dias is very reliable it seems like. 
It's referring to the earlier Telegraph report.

Edit: My bad. Marca is not basing it on the Telegraph report. In fact, the original Spanish article is by Jose Felix Dias, who is quite reliable when it comes to RM. 
In 48 hours
All of them to some extent are involved. 
Just hoping it doesn't escalate further. This region especially doesn't need further destabilisation
Qatar resident here as well.
Definitely surprised. News broke early morning and its still 12pm here.


While there has been an increase in reports of this rift here in the past 2 week, this move still comes as a complete surprise mostly due to the extreme steps taken like closing of borders etc.


Most flights from/to qatar via these countries have been cancelled (AND increasingly getting cancelled. Emirates announcement was less than an hour ago). 
Doha and Dubai are very important transit hubs especially for travellers from NA going to Asia. So a lot of travellers are stuck and plus this being peak travel season, most Qatar Airways are going full already so it's going to be a nightmare.
Also seems like borders and sea-ports are getting sealed. Qatar imports most of its food and its usually through sea freight so economically this is HUGE as well (economy is already in a bad shape due to oil prices).


Moreover, there has been reports this step was taken after Trumps visit to Saudi and there has been grumblings from some in US govt of withdrawing the forces from Qatar (Qatar has one of the largest US military base) which will have further ramifications.


All in all, its a pretty serious situation and while something like conflict is very highly unexpected (almost unthought of), the situation is still tense due to economic and other issues. 
Yea I agree on striker being priority as well. Zlatan should def be let go unless he somehow agrees to cut his large wages or he's given pay as you play sort of deal.
I agree with James as well. He's def a massive improvement over our current no10 options. And IF Griezmann were still to come, both him and Griezmann can easily interchange b/w wings and no10.
And haven't seen much of Perisic either but agree as well that we do need a PROPER RW and not a CF turned winger.
Damn its basically half of the squad that needs changes. Such an important trasfer season this is.
We easily need 2-3 attackers tbh (all 3 doesn't necessarily have to be big signing tho) especially if Ibra and Rooney are leaving. Striker, 10 and winger. Now that Griezmann is potentially moved to next season, it will be interesting if Mou goes with just a winger and someone like Lukaku/belotti on top meaning no10 is left for Mata, mikhi etc.
This is where I feel someone like james (or someone who can play on wing and no10) should be targeted, along with Perisic and a striker, as he can easily be put on no10 and if griezmann were to arrive next season, he could go on the wing.

I really really hope IF DDG were to leave its for james (wouldnt mind Varane either tbh) and not Morata or just cash. United has enough cash imo and would rather Lukaku than Morata
Apologies if this was already reported on this sub and also if the guy is reliable enough but Graham Hunter mentioned that he fully expects Griezmann to sign for United next summer (which many of us also expect I guess). Also, there was a rumour going around yesterday that while he will sign a new contract with Atleti, his release clause won't change. This also goes hand-in-hand with other rumours that Griezmann had a "gentleman's agreement" with Atleti that he would stay in case of the ban but would be allowed to leave next season - again not a very surprising thing tbh (quite like CR7).

Though I quite agree with the sentiment that United really needed him this summer. It would be interesting what Mourinho does this transfer season in regards to that position.
Sky potentially relegated to tier 3 as well.
'tis transfer window the season of relegation 😂😂
Has it? I thought they were decent. Though they did have it wrong with Bernando Silva and us. 
Still, all this is is crazy. Just playing with all our emotions 😂
LOLOLOLOL tier 1 L'equipe vs di Marzio. Proper Muppetry stuff 😂 

EDIT: looks like the Muppetry hit me hard and this is a fake. FML 😂😂😂😂
He could as well. But looking at the CAS rumours that were going, for sure the Atleti were expecting this situation (or atleast the probability). And yet Griezmann goes on with his 6/10 comments etc. I feel if he wanted to stay regardless of the ban, he wouldn't have been going on with these shenanigans. 
Or he's pulling a Ramos (which I feel is unlikely considering he renewed 11 months back).
Basically, more muppetry coming in the way
No worries mate. Just dont gild me, like others say rather donate it :D
Done. Good luck :)
Shouldn't the fact that the CEO of Bein Sports is Nasser Al Khelafi mean Bein sports should be reliable on news related to PSG? I am not sure of their previous track record related to PSG
FUCK CRAIG BELLAMY
Pretty great yes, but compared to Mata not much difference. Probably what makes the difference is Matas key passes and also Mata has bit better passing.
Still, the overall strategy is more important and I hope we are not going to park the bus
Mourinho might be looking to start off bit more defensively hence he preferred the work rate of Mata > lingard n martial. Could be wrong though
Doggo
Her company pays for half for it. Its still a 5-star hotel though so ya would be very expensive 
Yep. I have a friend who has been living in the hotel for more than 2 years (due to various reasons) and other than getting lonely, there's also the food. It's a "hotel apartment" not a "hotel room" and she still doesn't have a kitchen.
2 years of same hotel food can really screw your eating habits. Hopefully, atleast that's not a problem with Jose.
Criminally underrated
How can you forget Pirlo?
Ahh yes leadership and pashun.
So many injuries and such an important game and Rooney the captain shows leadership......
Ate chocolate cake with green chutney 🤐
Yes, agree as well. We have enough injuries already and getting another WC player who's more injury prone than others wouldn't do us MUCH good. Bale is fantastic and would love him at United but we have players available who can be of better value (all the 3 you mentioned are way better value) and also other positions that need more attention
Yea I agree its not going to happen, this is (like I keep saying) purely a discussion for hypothetical scenarios for the window with one of those scenarios being targeting 2 big names for attack positions.
Whats your reason for not Bale though? Who would you prefer?

Yes, exactly my opinion as well. I mean obviously who wouldn't like to see the likes of bale AND griezmann (or similar calibre) playing for United, but not only is it potentially highly unfeasible, also like I said earlier, rather get a big name for only the striker and someone young for wings to make rotation there easier. Our main need (for a big name signing) is the striker. 
I am genuinely confused why you think the statement is wrong (other than the fact that I am not too good with words) what I mean by that statement is getting the big name signing (which is the general consensus of what's required and what's in rumors) for just the striker position is better than getting one each for wings and striker because it would mean CONSIDERABLE bench time for the others. Obviously signing 2 such type of players would be incredibly hard and very unlikely, but this is purely just for discussion. 
If its either of Bale/Griezmann then surely yes it shouldn't affect Martial or Rashford, my point of hindering their development was in case both were signed (unlikely yes, but this is just a discussion on potential big name signing and if both wing and striker position needed that). My point is, sign a big name for the striker position because we need that more than someone huge on the wings. 

P.S just to add on with your first part of your reply: I agree, there will probably be one big name signing on the attacking and hopefully thats only for the striker position. But wouldnt mind seeing a younger player (like the way you described) being signed as well for the wing position. We certainly need reinforcements in striker and wings but mainly in striker. Then obviously theres the MF and defense to consider as well.
lol sorry I didn't mean to say that way, my point is there's Martial, Rashford, Mkhi and Lingard and all can play in wings/centre and getting both Bale and Griezmann would surely mean way less playing time for the other 4 (ex: Griezmann as 10, Rashford as striker, Martial and Bale on sides, that leaves out mkhi/Lingard). Yes they can be rotated but like I said all the 6 arent really fringe players (maybe except Lingard considering all the other 5 are higher level) that they spend a considerable time on the bench.
HOLY SHIT
No worries. Sorry if I sounded bit harsh.
Yes, Snapchat (like all social media sites) use paid ads to generate revenues. In this case, it's the 'discover' section that you see filled with stuff from companies and also geofilters/business filters that generate most of their revenues for them with the businesses paying them for placing their content. Also, unlike some social media sites, Snapchat lets the creators curate the content which is why you see more quality content (ads, lenses etc. Basically fewer spam ads) which is why this business target is serious for them.
Digital ads are usually the biggest source of income for most social media and also for google if I am not wrong. 


Edit: Video explaining in brief in how snap chart makes money https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2017-02-02/how-does-snapchat-make-money


Another link: https://www.fool.com/investing/2016/06/03/how-does-snapchat-make-money.aspx
Was sure someone would come in to compare Microsoft/google etc to this situation. Like I said in the other comment, there's a huge difference in those tech companies focus and snapchat (IN THIS situation). 
What you are talking about is general users of social media while this snapchat situation seems more from business users (which IS growing fast BUT still lags behind traditional advertising IN India let alone other parts of the world).
So yes, in that case, the remarks are not very far off when the CEO is saying that the "businesses" are too poor. Snapchat is still a loss making company so can't blame them if THEY think that targeting BUSINESS users in India won't benefit them much.

EDIT: For more internet advertising stasts refer to this PWC report http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/global-entertainment-media-outlook/assets/indian-summary.pdf 
Another link: https://www.emarketer.com/Article/Digital-Ad-Spending-India-Surpass-1-Billion-Next-Year/1013800
Compare that to US: https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-digital-ad-revenues-grew-19-in-first-half-of-2016-1478012649 
Yea, you can feel free to take offence but at least understand the whole context here before passing on verdicts. 

Exactly. Think it's got more to do with our biased media going with click bait headlines and also so much focus has been on make in India stuff along with tech companies like Google, Apple etc aggressively expanding in India (even though their focus is vastly different to that of snapchat) that suddenly these guys think yes India is doing great - yes its fastest growing generally including in digital ad-revenues but there's A LOT of work to be done and it should be absolutely no surprise if loss-making companies like snapchat (even if they have a better future performance) don't want to focus on India. 
No other proof except the lawsuit documents. Also, like someone pointed in the main thread, higher chances that the CEO was trying to go along the lines that digital ad revenue is not as developed for businesses in India and Spain as other countries (digital ads in India is around 12-15% compared to 40% in developed countries)
Chances are the employee is exaggerating or could have misheard it. I am not defending anyone, just that this thing is being hyped for no reason when the fact is no one knows or will ever know if this was actually said and in what context.
YOU DA MAN!
I hope you never ever become a doctor. And I also hope your doctor doesn't go through this ridiculous bullshit when you are in a serious need. 

Heard his younger bruh rashfrog has been doing great in academy as well
I loved KK. Some of his songs were absolute gems. Pity he's pretty much disappeared now :(
Wait, am I missing something? I love Above & Beyond but is there any reason for them being randomly mentioned here? 
This. The super rare occasions Young run forward there was hardly any runner to even pass to. We are relying WAY too much on our wings especially considering how inconsistent they are
Yes. I am more hopeful under Mourinho because I feel he has a better injury record. Also, might be wrong, but I think i read somewhere that Chelsea's low injury rate was down to him. Cant find that article anymore
Sorry for your condition.
How long have you had it for? My moms condition initially was horrible. Couldn't even walk or talk, but then we also put that down to late diagnosis. 
BUT now, my mom is absolutely fine. Maybe minor pains in her jaw etc once 2-3 months but otherwise cant even say she has MS. Shes back to her kitty parties (LOL), driving, and basically everything she did before. And this is what everyone who have MS told me as well, after a point of time the pain subsides. 
So hopefully you should be doing great sooner :)

Well it started with her fingers on one hand going numb and initially she didnt pay much attention because she thought it was something due to her sleeping position or something. But after a day or two the numbness spread till her stomach area. Then she started getting severe pain in her head as well as jaw (which continued for nearly a month after she got diagnosed and started taking meds too. Steroids were the only thing keeping her in control for that time). Doc here couldnt figure out first. Luckily one of the neuro suggested going to India immediately and there they finally found out what was happening. Though even they were in a bit of shock because they told us it was rare for someone over 50 to get MS. They also told us it could be possible she had it for longer time (probably few weeks) 

My mom got diagnosed as well last year. Was in horrible condition for few months (apparently everyone had missed the initial symptoms before her diagnosis and at her age its very rare as well). But now shes completely normal. But its all because of the super costly tecfidera.
The only other option I HAVE READ (I am no doc and obviously there could be more) is related to cannabis like someone else mentioned. But we live in freakin middle east so that is out. In fact cant even think of generic or cheaper medicine because getting tecfidera itself is a huge pain, we just rely on friends getting it from India.
Take care of your gf. From what I saw with my mom plus friends experience as well, gradually with the medicine its gets completely normal.
Also, I cant stress how important insurance is (health and medical both). Get it done if you havent already for yourself and your gf (however it can be done considering her condition) 
Wow TIL
Hey Netflix, its me 343i, Halo maybe? ;)
I would LOVE to but unfortunately, since I live in the Middle East it's very hard to come by vintages (or even other brands like Visconti) :(
No this is the regular edition and by size, I do mean the diameter. It's small length wise as well but for me it's thinness is what makes it uncomfortable after a while.
Yep, it's way too thin for me and this is despite me having small hands. It's all right for small amount of writing but I use it for studying at times and it gets very uncomfortable after a while.
Rouge et Noir is really good except one flaw (possibly fatal flaw) its size. It can be very uncomfortable writing for long time.
Also avoid John Lennon, it seems it has a flaw. Mine and few other people's (told to me by the store manager himself) bottom ring on the cap would come off. I gave it to them 4 times including sending it to Germany 2 months back. I just got it back today and I am hoping the issue wont repeat again. Also, the JL's inkflow leaves a lot to be desired. Skips a way lot
Do it if you can. Montblanc has really good pens and even Visconti (was my first preference but due to my location I go solely with Montblanc)
Only issue with Montblanc in MY experience: its QC has definitely gone down. Though I live in Middle East where companies are known to be shit with their customers, and then you also stay in Germany so you should be fine but still keep a look out and read reviews etc of the pen models before buying.
Note: Montblanc lets your personalise only the normal pens not the limited edition. I am not sure how the other brands go about.
Honestly: same and in certain cases (I am looking at you John Lennon Edition) even much better.
I used to love fountain pens back in my school days and often used Lamy, Pilot etc. Lost touch in college but recently I have started collecting again.
The only reasons I justify these costs are after sales service and can be passed down generations and in few cases limited editions can also be connected to someone you like. I wanted to get the Montblanc Daniel Defoe (one of the best looking pen out there for me) and Kafka editions as they are my favourites but sadly the stores at my place didn't have them.

I had a very bad experience with the John Lennon (which tbh is meant to be a gift to my dad) but I would still keep it because I hate selling off my stuff. Plus me personally when I buy stuff I often go overboard haha but that's just me.

Clockwise: John Lennon Donation Edition, Miles Davis Great Characters Edition and 1906 Rouge et Noir Hertiage Edition. All with fine nibs :)
Meeeeeeeee
Intelligence and technicalities go hand in hand
Counter questions​: why is he top in assists this season? 20 goals last season?
Umm what? Müller is an exceptional and pretty unique player technically, which is why he's also reffered to as Raumdeuter (German for space investigator). 
My love life.......
If she's bitching (NOT gossiping but actual bitching) about her "best friends" or people she hangs out with almost daily. 
For sure she must be doing the same about you behind your back.
I have checked for the bubbles etc and theres nothing in terms of that.
For the mounting: other than the issues suggested in other comments (thermal, plastic shroud) should I be looking for anything else?
Thanks a lot man. Going to have a look at this
Have mine since November. Have camera flare issue (only under LOT of light) and the now recent google now cards disappearing bug (most likely a software bug)
I seem to hear the same about the vegas too. 
Pretty confusing to me to finalise which one haha. 
Thats the thing about Campfire, its not just the andromeda thats having hissing issues apparently. 
Well its just made my choices even harder by including camp fire haha.
I am removing se846 and encore ciem (probably noble all together) to make it easier. 
Hows the andromeda's fit and also those sharp edges? It seems to be affecting some while being perfect for others. Since I cant try them, i am not sure its worth spending so much and taking a risk. Most of my listening sessions can easily last hours and the IEMs have to be good fit. Already had issues with ie80 and ue900 (both were considered good iems). 
Its why I am leaning a bit more on w80s, they look ergonomically similar to se846 and from what I read, Westone IEMs are the most comfortable and best fit in universals 
I met him last month (at HIS RESIDENCE) while on a vacation to Iceland. Hes pretty chill actually (how many people get to meet the head of a state AT HIS RESIDENCE?).
Also wtf pineapple on pizza? 
**Budget** - Approximately $2000. Have narrowed it down to rebuying the se846 (giving my older one away to my sister), w80, noble encore universal/custom. FYI, I live in the middle east (and have only 1 audiologist who's more into hearing aids) hence not super keen on customs unless convinced enough. I can ship from US/EU/Uk though due to Aramex shop and ship.

**Source** - Right now only my MacBook pro/custom PC (Asus z170 deluxe)/Google Pixel XL. Will be looking to buy portable DAC/amp based on suggestions you guys provide :)

**Requirements for Isolation** - Full. I will use this in office and often for travelling as well (big reason I am not going for cans at this price range).  Se846 as they had one of the best fit and most comfortable (which for me is key to IEM isolation) compared to every other equipments I have owned.

**Preferred Type of Headphone** - IEM/CIEMs

**Preferred tonal balance** - I prefer the neutral sound. I am new to audiophile and not fully updated with the terms you guys use, but as mentioned above, I really loved the se846 (admittedly more bass heavier but not in a bad way) because of the isolation, comfort and also sound.

**Past headphones** - I have owned B&W p5 (1st gen): loved their comfort, design. Neutral-ish sound. Maybe slightly more bass would have done the trick. Was put off with the build quality as I had to replace the wires twice.
I have had UE900 for a short while. Great sounding but my biggest issue with them was their isolation was for some reason never enough. Also because I had it for a limited time: I didn't get to try the foam tips a lot and the other tips did not complete fit.
Sennheiser IE80: Again, had this for a limited time as I passed it on to my sister. I preferred the sound of ue900 over these ones and again their isolation and fit were worse than the UE900. In fact for me personally, they were the worst set of IEMs I have had for the price.
Currently: Bose QC35: Good for convenience wise as they are wireless, decent ANC but in terms of sound quality probably one of the worst. Again I am not very good with my audiophile terms and how to describe it but they sound very "mellow/artificial" and even muddled to me. Also having them play through MacBook pro via VLC the sound gets severely muddled at higher volume. These are the only pairs with which I have faced this issue.
Also, Shure 846: My absolute favourite. One of the most comfortable, well sounding and brilliant isolation. So good is the isolation for me that I put this above qc35 even when travelling in flights. Everything sounds so much more "natural". Admittedly the bass MAYBE a tad bit high for me but its something I can easily ignore because unlike other headphones/IEMs the bass doesn't completely overpower the other sounds.

**Preferred Music** - I listen to mostly electronic (deadmau5, above and beyond, elephante). Occasionally: Coldplay, keane (big piano fan), Ed Sheeran, Alanis Morissette, Lana Del Rey, Linkin park, 30 seconds to mars. Basically songs with brilliant lyrics (hence vocals are important) and/or beautiful mixing of different instruments/sounds (like deadmau5's intricately mixed song "the veldt"). Mostly through Spotify premium (highest quality). Most of my downloaded songs are 320kbps though all in mp3 format. 

**What would you like to improve on from your set-up** - I like the noise to be more balanced/neutral. Having good details is also very nice because I love songs which have a lot of instruments/sounds mixed beautifully. Again I apologise I am not able to use the terms properly and if I come across contradictory. Also, the IEMs must provide very good fit (key to isolation I feel in IEMs) and a wide choice of tips. I can listen to music for hours at times if given the right pairs (with the 846 i have gone 6-8 hours at times) so maybe not very treble heavy as lot of treble = fatigue.
Just need help in pulling the trigger on w80/noble encore (universal or custom)/se846. Leaning on w80 as I heard in universals westone are the most comfortable and best fitting.
Same with me. Saw on other thread that force closing and/or clearing cache helps. While it does start working when i do that, the cards go back to blank later on.
Wow. This is incredibly sad :(
Yep it is. It includes ALL the terminals, cutscenes from all the games and also halo evolutions etc. And I think its presented chronologically
Try this.

https://youtu.be/xM-iAFVmlcI
Coldplay
In this particular case, in order to get that close he had to have gone off the path despite multiple boards saying clearly not to in order to protect the environment. 
Obviously people are allowed to be as stupid as this guy but as long as they are not breaking rules
Yea it seems that way. Even around supermarkets/gas stations, the trash cans are around the exit and hardly any inside. And once on the road, obviously theres very few. Our car was at times full of trash on one side because we couldnt find anywhere to dispose off for quite a few kilometers.

I know about the boards at major tourist places, what I meant is it should be advertised more, especially around the airport as its the port of entry for tourists. Maybe even put up the picture of that idiot in thingvellir (doesn't show his face anyways so should be fine haha) at the airport n say how this is not allowed. 

And for trespassing, i am not completely aware but I think its not as strict as Iceland. Now this is also something that needs to be advertised more. Because in most countries, places like one I posted in the earlier comment (which was next to the route 1 and had no warning boards) its normal for people go walking and get closer and take pictures. Like even though I didnt go myself, but it was more because i cared about the environment and less because it actually would have been trespassing.
Hahaha there should be something like for tourists before they arrive as well hahaha.
Honestly, i feel equally bad for the police and search and rescue teams who it seems like often have to attend cases that can be completely avoided if people had a little more common sense
Makes sense yes. It's terrifying (and beautiful) how it looks completely normal but could be potentially so dangerous.
being a tourist this annoyed me a lot so I can only imagine (and understand) how angry Icelanders must be getting when some tourists can be so oblivious.
Its not to do just with "dangerous" which CAN be relative yes. Unfortunately this idiot, in order to get so close had to have used the off-track path which is not permitted due to fragile moss. There were clear warning boards saying not to go off the path in order to protect the environment.

Also about the dangerous bit, if something does happen to him, it will be the police/search n rescue teams that will YET AGAIN have to look into a case like this that could have been completely avoided if only idiots just went by the laws.
really even in that area there could have been crevasses? I don't know if you can tell from the picture but it looked all sand and moss to me. But yea though, I kinda had figured it would be bad idea to walk on it. 
Yes and you have to be strict. The only complaint I have is that this sort of needs to be advertised more especially around the airport and other port of entries. And the trash cans. Maybe its just me, but I feel everytime I wanted to throw trash, somehow I couldn't find one closer to me soon enough so I would just end up stuffing my pockets with trash (yes I do that LOL but I never like just throwing it, even in India).

I remember seeing Jokulsarlon and me and my friend being like "man 8-10 years later God knows what will be left of all these". 
Iceland is known for its untouched, raw and terrifyingly beautiful nature, why the fk would you want to play ANY part in damaging the very things you are spending freaking $1000s to visit and see. People's potential to be stupid can really surprise you at times.
oh yes for sure. I am not Icelandic but this really is kind of obvious that ecosystems, especially in rare beautiful places can be very very fragile. 

There was another experience as well: somewhere down the route 1 around þjóðvegur we came across this place which had lot of black sand and you could see cliffs/hills far off IMAGE http://imgur.com/a/P1sR0
and luckily there was a place to stop beside the road to park and take pictures. But in comes a couple of tourists car, spend 10-15 minutes taking pictures and then they start walking to those cliffs. Now even though there were no boards forbidding trekking, I told my friends that I still would rather not risk it and instead take pictures from far off and enjoy the beauty than spending 30-40 minutes walking closer to only take pictures and at the same time probably damage the moss.
You are right, generally speaking. I am an Indian and we have to run ADs on TVs telling people not to tag or even spit tobacco on our national monuments etc because when the nationals themselves can't respect the laws then you really can't expect the tourists to either.

But I gotta say, in my experience (even though it was only for 9 days) I didn't see 1 Icelander do something like this. In fact every Icelander we met warned us about going off-track either while hiking or driving. I am sure there will be a minority not obeying the laws, but they are a minority. Tourists on the other hand: I met quite a few of them (not just in Iceland) who wouldn't care for such "small" laws. 
Yea I was 95% sure this was wrong and I remember being so angry and pointing to my friends as well. I saw the "World's Biggest Arsehole Spotted at Þingvellir" and wanted to post this there as well, but I wanted to make it 100% sure if there weren't any trekking routes or something that let you get there. 
Me and my friends didn't bother looking for any routes because we would rather respect and protect the environment and also not put ourselves in danger than get "good" photo of it.
Not only it clearly said not to do it (also want to point out, unlike some places, boards in Skogafoss also clearly said "in order to protect fauna") but it was highly dangerous. It was already windy and this is winters, anymore windy and things could have gone really wrong.
I saw this on the 30th during my 9-day visit to Iceland.
This guy seemed extremely close to the waterfall and I was really surprised because everywhere there were boards saying not to go off-track in order to protect the fauna. He wasn't the only one (he was the closest to the falls) though, quite a few tourists were trying to "hike" to the edges.

One of my all time favourite song and story.
Having seen this video long back, I have always wondered why it hasn't become a huge thing. 
Iceland left out. They just couldn't give a fk
This sort of accidents are so common in middle East (18 years in Qatar). An area could have ATVs and the 4x4 plying around the same dune. One of my best friends gf died similarly: she was in atv and a 4x4 hit her from out of nowhere.
Always felt that there should be separated areas for ATVs and 4x4s.
Hey,
Just got back from my 9 day trip across the whole of Iceland (except western fjords) today. You can definitely do the trip alone as lots have mentioned.
For hostel I would suggest the bus hostel in Reykjavik, as I feel it was the best (I also stayed in the capital inn) and was more popular amongst other solo travellers too.
For stay in Akureyri you could try the backpackers hostel as it was the most centrally located (we only ate at their bar, didnt stay).
For car rental: firstly a 4x4 AND studded tires is preferred unless you have solid experience driving in snow. Lots of times the weather changes unpredictability and roads can be very slippery to drive on. Keep checking road conditions on road.is. The website also shows which roads are closed in winter, something NOT AVAILABLE on google (specifically when going to Egilsstaðir from Jökulsárlón). 

Our itinerary:
27th to 28th: stay in bus hostel Reykjavik.
29th: golden circle and return back to bus hostel.
30th: drive to vik and overnight stay in guesthouse (Kosy Vik)
31st: drive to Egilsstaðir via Jökulsárlón and spent night in car as we were hunting for northern lights. Wouldn't recommend this as this was nearly a 12-14 hour drive and google map initially showed us a shorter route via a road that was closed in winters.
1st-2nd: drive to akureyri via Myvatn (visited Grjótagjá cave, Hverfjall, Hofdi) and spent 2 nights there in an airbnb.
3rd: drive back to Reykjavik.
Hey I am gonna be solo starting tomorrow in Amsterdam, let me know if you are around and interested in meeting up :D
You aint alone. We might have capable free-kick takers, but our corners......might as well let it go for goal kick. Past 2 season or so our corner set-piece has been pathetic. Blind was the only one whos delivery would at times threaten but even that seems lost now. 
Going to Iceland on friday. Really really hope I get to see them
The fk halo has got to do with Nintendo?
Wasn't crowd. Was the ball boy, also seemed accidental because Stokes' eyes werent on the ball and the ball boy thought he was ready to get the ball back.
I got a crop sensor (canon 60d) so 35mm is def out of option I guess.
I have read f2.8 lens are the best as it gives way more advantages and options in terms of ISO and shutter speeds. 

Thanks a lot for your advise btw.

is there remote release that helpful considering the camera will have self-timer?
I say this because for wired cables theres the possibility of cold damaging the cables
right thanks a lot for that. Going with mefoto then.
Also, how helpful will be a remote release? The camera will have a timer mode anyways so is that not preferred (I say preferred cos if I go with wired releases, the cold can damage the cables, and the wireless releases have their own cons)
as in there's no marking or switch unlike the tokina lens. So with the rokinon I would have to go the focus in day and tape/mark the lens.
Also, in terms of the lens, these are my 3 options:
Tokina 11-20mm f2.8: Currently most preferred as it supports autofocus and for manual focus also has infinity option.

Canon 35mm f2: lower f but it's fixed at 35mm and this is what is putting me off from going with this.

Rokinon 16mm f2: lower f as well but it is complete manual focus and no infinity focus option as well. Would have gone with this if I was more experienced with astrophotography (or even photography for that purpose LOL).

Should I just go with tokina and be done with it? I would have totally gone with Rokinon but I wouldn't want to miss the shows while I am manually setting up the focus on the camera using the viewfinder. 
thanks looking between tokina 11-20 f2.8, canon 35mm f2, and rokinon 16mm f2. Which would be the best in this case? I am having a preference towards tokina.
Thanks a lot for your reply :)
Manfrotto seems my go to choice. However Mefoto seems very good as well and is only .2 kgs heavier. Which would be a better option? 
I am doing a 2 day stay in the capital and going to do a road trip around golden circle on the 3rd and back to the capital. From 4th day onwards will start a 5 day trip around the the whole island and we are spending 2 nights in Akureyri and another night just in the car hunting for northern lights :D
For sure.
One of the first times I have seen a watch where you cannot see the tourbillon when wearing and still be considered to be valued fairly at $1m. Incredible seriously. 
The issue with 24mm is it does not have infinity focus which would make relatively harder. 
I was going to get Tokina 11-16 but it seems like few people are having the issue. If you google search it there are various posts about it. 
Yes, will look at the remote release. Any recommendations on the tripod?

Thanks for your advice :)
Travelling to Iceland in 10 days. I have a canon 60d and would love to take some pictures of the northern lights?
What are the recommendations for the camera lens, tripod and any other gears?
I would like to keep it down to as cheap as possible but at the same time not compromise on quality (especially considering I am an amateur in photography).

I have been looking at:
Canon 16-35 f2.8 lens: very expensive hence will be the last go-to option.
Tokina 11-16 f2.8: this is my preference but I just read that it has been having lots of infinity focus issues. Most of the issues were reported on blogs dating back to the 2011-13 period. Does the problem still exist?
Samyang 14mm f2.8

For the tripod: I would like to go for a budget and possibly a lighter weight as I will need to fit in my bag and also not have a lot of weight due to low baggage allowance on European flights.

Thanks :)
Just saw this 
Can't comprehend the incredibility of the watch. WOW
The person who gets this will be very very very lucky and rich
Nah man its very very normal to feel that. The one super good thing my depression/sadness has bought me is this: not judging people too soon because everyone has an incredibly different ways of reacting when under any sort of stress. It's completely normal to bit slow or fast or whatever because not only is the reaction different but also their personal definition of good or fast or slow reactions/decisions. 
And what you say about the days: again very normal. I have the EXACT same issues. Days I will be top of the world and days I will be deep close-to-the-earths-core down. 
Unfortunately not a lot of people accept or like that and that makes me mad. And I always wish that its completely normal to be like that and that more and more people accept it. So to see someone else like you having the same thoughts and even accepting it, it makes me smile :)
Call plusone computers.
Me and my friend built our pcs just last month and got a lot of our supply from plusone.
They have higher end stuff like gtx 1080s and even low and mid options.
I even got a corsair 900d (HUGE pc case) from them which I certainly wasnt expecting.
Stupid question but does anyone know for approximately how long the shooting will be on in iceland?
Going there end of the month and doing a road trip around the whole of iceland, would be fantastic to get near a set :D
I will be replacing both the linksys anyways since they dont support 802.11ac and also I am not getting full coverage.
How much performance difference will be there in case I use UAP wireless?
Thing is I can use 2 of them wired as I have 2 wired sockets anyways (will just add a gigabit switch). The third one (most probably in my bedroom - used mainly for web browsing and streaming) will probably be wireless unless I can get a super long cable and find a way to cable it around the floor lol.  
Yea I finally got it. I have ordered for 12 fittings along with y (t was out of stock sadly) so in case i am left over woth extra fittings I might go the extra tubing way.
Thanks a lot for your help :)
Yep seems like I will do this.
So heres what I am thinking of doing:
Get 2 ethernet switches. One switch goes GF n i connect my xbox, pc and iptv as before. With this I will also run one ethernet to uap pro. 
Do the same above and also add a third uap pro in my room.

So basically remove both routers (which do not have 802.11ac hence me deciding to remove them) n use uap. Is that recommended? Also, I have read in case of using multiple UAPs, only one UAP needs to be wired, the rest can be wireless. Is that true?
Yep I am looking at getting the uap pros (I can ship using amazon).
Also I realise both my linksys (having two routers mean 2 ssids as well btw) are not supporting 802.11ac. 
So heres what I am thinking of doing:
Get 2 ethernet switch. One switch goes GF n i connect my xbox, pc and iptv as before. With this I will also run one ethernet to uap pro. 
Do the same above and also add a third uap pro in my room.

So basically remove routers n use uap. Is tyat recommended? Also, I have read in case of using multiple UAPs, only one UAP needs to be wired, the rest can be wireless. Is that true?
I already have an extender like I mentioned but its not doing me any good.
Also I have heard having APs or mesh network is better.
But which is better mesh network (which also seems like is only for wireless) or AP?
So I have ordered my fittings and should be getting it by next week.
What would be the recommended fan setup for the rads in case I dont go with push/pull?
I will be putting the rads on top so I suppose the fans have to be exhausting air. 
Rest of the fans in the case are all intakes (bottom 4 intakes, front 3 intakes) except 1 rear 140mm exhaust
Yeps realise it now than 5mm etc is just the extenders width size. Thanks a lot for your help :D
Noob question but the male to male adapter size depend on what? i have 13/19mm fittings
Ahh yes exactly what I was looking for. Thanks so much for that
So you are saying I wont need y neither the t? Noob question but does that mean pump (including mine) has more than 1 port below (one for loop and one as a drain)?
Wow I wish we had a guide just explaining how exactly the fittings like male to male etc work.
Hi,

Thanks a lot for your reply.

Yes, I was already planning to get more than 1 bottle.

And sorry for not saying it properly early, but my current build is already ready and I have been using it for nearly 2 months. I got the windows and the office free :)

The reason I felt like going for push pull is because like I said, I have to get vardars anyways and since I will be replacing the corsairs with the RAD (thus having 4 corsairs spare) I thought of using the spare 4 as well in push/pull setup rather than just dumping them.

I am already getting the rotary 90s. Will ditch the 45s though.
Thanks a lot for your tip about boiling. Will surely try that :D
Could you provide a pic of your drain setup? Its very difficult for me to picture a setup and buy the fitttings because the fittings just confuse the crap out of me.
The only setup that I can picture right now is in jayz's video (at 10:30 https://youtu.be/gIv2yGlbYy8?t=10m38s). It seems his pump top has multiple ports. Since mine will have only 1 I suppose i have to use y or t blocks.
Could you tell me if the below 2 lists are okay and also tell me which fittings go how and where:
http://imgur.com/gFowCpH 
I guess go t-block to pump. Connect male-male to t-block, then a valve with plug. Or am I horribly wrong here?

http://imgur.com/zFR8k2T
Will a y-block be better than t-block as its rotary? Would I need male to female adapters or something not on list?
Suppose I want to have the setup similar to the one in this video at 10.30 (https://youtu.be/gIv2yGlbYy8?t=10m38s)
Do I go with these fittings for drain port: http://imgur.com/zFR8k2T
So basically connect the t-block to the pump port at lowest point then connect a male-male adapter and finally a valve (with stop plug). Or is my order wrong?

Also, would a t-block in above list be better or do I go with y-block rotary with female ports like these (http://imgur.com/gFowCpH)
If I go with y-block, are the male-female ports needed (like in the above 2nd link) or do I have to take the some other ports?

Sorry for the noob questions, the fittings are a bit confusing
Can you tell me more about the draining? 
So I have been seeing jayztwocents videos, and other builds on the subreddit and it seems I will use the following usual setup:
Connect the valve below the res (the res itself will be at one side and bottom of the case and the rads will go up top) so that way the valve will be at the lowest.
In that case what EXACT fittings would I need?
SO far the bitspower valve (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B007N8OAIK/ref=pd_luc_rh_sbs_02_04_t_ttl_lh?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1) and this fitting (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B004MLQLRO/ref=pd_luc_rh_mrairec_01_02_t_img_lh?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1).

What else would I need? What is the bitspower's plug called? 
Shipping 20th feb :(
Upgrading to WCing but not sure I can wait till that long :(

Any idea what all fittings etc to get for drain ports? Is valve enough?
Are 90 degree rotaries enough or do i go for 45 degrees as well? 


Also, anything on the push/pull setup?

I have an air Cooler because initially I had predator 360 earlier that had leak issues and I had to RMA it. So using an air cooler till I get my loop done :)

I already have the i7-6700k. Plus it seems like kaby lake doesn't doesnt outperform skylake by huge margin so I will mostly be skilling it.
Can you tell me what exactly do the pass through fittings do?




Had it happen to me last month as well:
https://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/5f55x1/predator_360_with_qdc_pipe_breaks_midgame_causing/


I have already RMAed and asked for refund. They are still processing my payment. I am going all in with custom loop (also, weirdly with EK as they provide international warranty). 

Firstly, ask for a refund and then either go with custom loop or get some other coolers like corsairs etc. The predators have very bad QC it seems like. My mistake was not researching as the v1 of predator 360 was recalled. 
I've got you in my sights 
Find the glasgow supports club like someone mentioned.
Else get to Edinburgh (an hour away by bus and also an incredibly pretty city), they have a supporter club (used to live there for 2 years) and they do have a bus. Think they have £5 joining fee above the ticket and bus price (was £90 i think, dont remember exactly). 
Google Manchester United supporters club edinburgh branch. They are also on Facebook :)
No worries. 
When are you planning to go?
Ya you need to apply through french visa centre (capago) for iceland.
Vfs qatar handles only swiss, spanish and I think Italian visa.
For denmark its hungarian embassy.
For norway, Austria its German
Wow!
Thanks a lot for that. That helped me immense. Guess thats goodbye to my red LED corsairs hhaha.
Should 1 rad be enough for CPU and GPU cooling?
Yea will keep that in mind, thanks.
The last leak was pretty random and out of nowhere
Thanks a lot.
Yea EK does seem to be having issues here and there but for me warranty plays a huge part, so got no option but go for it.
Will definitely get bitspower fittings though. 
So I am guessing 1 radiator is fine?
Ek website says 8 fittings so I am going for 8 bitspower.
Will I be needing extenders, 45/90 angle fittings, splitters, valves etc?
Going soft tube
If only the 5ghz wifi bug could get fixed :(
*sigh* can relate to anxiety. Often go weeks, even months being completely normal and then BAM! Out of the blue my mood, my thinking everything just changes. And it doesnt even get triggered due to a memory or action or anything. Just changes. 
I never have gone to full loathing zone. Yet. I do feel i have low self-worth but everytime I feel I am going towards self-loathe or that zone I just do things to divert myself. Could be things like counting, or even general things like reading etc.
whats the reason of your panic attacks? You could PM me if you would like to :)
Please dont feel so. Like I said, to each of us our mental blocks feel as high as the next guy feels about his mental blocks. I guess you are troubled by your own issues (even though you might feel its less severe) so feel free to talk about it :)
One of my best friends that I have known for like 10 years nearly doubled his weight and hes massive now.
Yet he has been in some wonderful relationships even after all. True people genuinely dont go only on looks. So the fact that the girl broke all ties with you just because of your weight shouldnt bother you.
I am not justifying staying unhealthy, point is being scared of getting into relationship shouldnt be a issue.
Becoming unhealthy should scare only from a physical well-being point of view and nothing else. 
Also, i overthink nearly the same as you. One very small issue with long term friendships is that over the course of the long time, the boundaries of teasing each other often changes (usually increases) as you start becoming more closer. In such cases its natural someone or the other at a point of time feel offended (no matter how silly it seems) because earlier that friend wouldnt have teased you but now he does. Overthinking only makes this worse.
Trust me, standing up for yourself gains you respect EVERYWHERE. Even you feel good about it. If you think your friends teasing you annoys you even slightly let them know while ensuring that under no means the bonding has to be affected.
After my bad relationship (where i did a SHIT TON for other person) I often questioned my self-worth as even after doing with the best intentions (and often at times best actions too) I found myself in shit-hole. In such cases when my friends teased me i felt as though the whole world knew i was a useless piece of trash and only I was the one remaining to find out. So I further distanced myself.
But exactly how you feel right now, I soon saw that I would be left alone if I kept doing the same thing. So it's wonderful that you see that too. It means you know somewhere you are being too harsh on yourself. And physically fighting weight changes IS A BIG DEAL. I used to weigh 55kgs only. Went up to 74kgs and its one of the few things I am proud of: fighting the low weight and staying healthy.

And your old friend sounds interesting (anyone who can see through shells are interesting). Just be yourself.

And yes I do agree crying as a guy in our society is seen down, but yes I know its a cliché but as its said "I would rather cry and feel emotions than feel nothing".

One other wonderful thing of getting out of toxic relationship is you start looking at yourself. It might start off in a negative way at first (like for me, i would have more self-doubts, lower self confidence etc) but sudden increase focus on yourself is not just refreshing change (compared to always focusing on other in toxic relationships) but if done rightly you can use that to massively improve and even satisfy yourself.
And I feel you are already in right path by taking care of your physique, by accepting that you overthink etc. 


So in short friend sorry for the long reply, dont worry much :)
And obviously, whenever in trouble, PM me. You aint alone in this :D
If you dont mind me asking: what do u do to keep the panic attacks away?
Do you say something to yourself? Just focus away or something?
I have never been in such serious situation and I wont pretend to be an expert and pass on my opinions. Me and my dad run a business too and i know how hard and stressful it can be at times but never had such issues. 

BUT, the fact that not only you are willing to talk about it to a complete stranger, but also took that step says only one thing: you are stronger than you might think and you certainly are not giving it all up.

So hang in there, and if you want to talk more about your business or ANYTHING, you could ALWAYS PM me. I am no expert or something, but if talking helps you in any little way, I would gladly do that :)

P.S: eat a little. I know 1000 voices within you is telling that typical thing but please do. For me personally, food helps me to calm myself down a bit and also make my body feel a little better which in turn further helps me fight off the stress. Even if its food that i dont like, i just call it few nice names n eat it thus helping me put all the stress on something stupid and taking my mind off for some precious moments from the major issues.
Yep everything else seems good.
No i didnt because it seems its a very common bug and also i ordered it from uk (and i live in middle east) and i had to wait weeks for the xl 128gb to get in stock.
Everything else is fine so i am just ignoring the wifi bug
Nopes still having this issue even after updating. My pixel xl just doesnt catches the 5ghz wifi n 2.4 is very slow when i go to watch videos (its 300mbps line)
Yea just saw that post.
I think they should start replying to you soon enough. They could have been on Thanksgiving leave etc.
I had sent them twitter DM as well amd they replied back on it and few hours later on email as well telling me to file RMA. I am definitely going for a refund and going to air coolers.
I am also going to test my components and hope nothing has gone wrong.
No worries.
Use nowinstock.net alerts for us/canada to alert u whenever it comes in stock (its usually around 1-5am in qatar time)
Tried using vpn?
I have a weird scenario: i had gone to UK for my masters 2 years back. But still my google wallet has my qatari id card n qatari address but regardless for some reason my play store is based on UK even without vpn. The bad part is that my apps have to be paid in pounds which makes it more expensive than US store.

But yea you can create a new google id with UK address (use shopandship uk id) and that should work AFTER you use vpn as well.
I know this because I have a US google id (made a month back) too as my preference was ordering from US (was even able to add the pixel in cart through google fi) due to forex rates and device protection.

Basically the steps:
1: create shopandship account. Alternatively you can also use borderlinx (this is DHLs rather than Aramex's)

2: get a VPN based in us/uk (i use expressvpn which has tons of countries)

2: switch on the vpn and create a new google id with the shopandship/borderlinx given US/Uk address

3: go to the google store now and get a pixel.

Keep in mind that you need your vpn switched on especially for the last 2 steps. 

 

P.S: let me know if it works for you :)    
I would avoid the predator considering the previous gen was recalled and the newer models seems to be having the issues still.
And avoid buying parts without warranty in general.
If you do want to go with water cooling go with corsair.
Yep going to do that.
Have already contacted ekwb, hope they come up with something 
Yea i am not surprised. I really was disappointed upon seeing the plastic but thought it might be of a durable build so didnt give it a lot of thought
Really?
Thats worrying. But maybe they are off due to thanksgiving etc? 
I sent them an email plus twitter dm
I checked locally (I stay in middle east) and it seems I can have either the hyper t4 or hyper d92 from cooler master. How are they in comparison?
I van order from amazon us but then I would have to ship the parts back to US in case of warranty issues.


Yea i hoping they refund it. Considering the previous gen was recalled I would rather not go for it
Ahh no worries.
Btw any idea if this might be a serious issue: initially when the pc started making noise i switched of my pc for a minute and restarted it to see if it was just a random issue and I got a "cpu temperature too high error" before it started making the noise again and I had to completely shut down the pc for good
Ahh thats great to hear. 
I remember being surprised the fittings not being metal as well.
I live in qatar though since I ordered direct from ekwb, they give international warranty. I am hoping I can rather just ask for refund seeing the previous gen predator were recalled due to similar issues as well. 
Yep gonna do that. I might just ask ekwb to refund if possible as I stay in middle east (though ekwb does give international warranty) n selling it would be hard.

Probably a noob question: I am guessing i should replace the ekwb's radiators 3 fans with 3 other fans set as exhaust to maintain the current balance right? (3 top exhaust, 1 rear exhaust, 3 front intake and 3 side intake)
Thanks man. I am really regretting this now. I didnt go with complete water cooling just because of this issue. So thought I would remain mid way by going only cpu water cooling.

Have contacted ekwb, hope they are able to do something about this.
My biggest worry is parts getting damaged. It doesnt look like it will be based on where water is but still. Paid a ton for this setup
yes. I got it within a week of it being avaiable on stock in UK store (i had submitted a link around last week or so when it came in stock in UK). The packaging is really good, as expected from Aramex.

Have to say that this was my 3rd experience from google UK store. I had ordered my 2 6p's last year as well (all through my Qatari credit card). Also, I am a very regular user of the shopandship service. The shipping etc might be little more expensive, but in my 2 years+ of experience, never had ANY issue 
nopes no problem at all. My pixel xl did charge slowly once (it showed charging rapidly but time to full was 2hours plus which was weird) but restarting it got it all right.
Also have to say this my 3rd phone from google UK store. I had ordered 2 6p's last year as well.


Living in Qatar.
Ordered from UK store using aramex's shopandship. 
Yea it seems like pixel is more 'unforgiving' in this matter
Thanks a lot for that. Week give it a try and see how it goes
Yea i read this thread before posting. The firmware is already updated and even the channels are within the limits
Do you by any chance know how to do that?
I have 2 linkysys routers and one belkin extender. How do i set them up for just one network?
Lucky you. Think its either to do with your router settings or even firmware (belkins last update was in 2012). 
But for sure it's diverging to do with pixels add week considering every other device ID working perfectly
Yep all stock.
This should go in r/nosleep
No problem.

Umm if it helps, i didnt find much use of root except for using custom kernel profiles for battery
It keeps getting restocked randomly but usually never more than 1-2 hours.
Use nowinstock.net so it can alert you.
Mine has been shipped too :D
Ya have been waiting for 128gb black for a long time. It kept coming in stock on US store but I think its only today the UK restocked 128gb black.
Still in stock in UK store. Xl black 32gb is out of stock though.

Btw use nowinstock.net for the US/Canada store
Interesting if phones switch over to USB/charger power when plugged in. If the battery on my 7+ is around 40-50% I usually connect it to my laptop (logic being that slow charging should hopefully negate some loss of overall batery life due to less heat generated. Could be completly wrong on this). 
Its something I will definetly do with my PiXL as well (rather than fast charging it)

What about when using apps like sleep cycle (consumes upto 30% battery if not plugged in)? Does keeping it plugged in overnight cause adverse affects on battery life considering in this case the phone is being used by the app?
I vote for shopandship too. Probably bit more expensive (courier charges etc) but being part of aramex, its quite reliable and fast.
I used it to buy 6p twice from the uk goole store.
Also, use a vpn to access us/uk google store n make a new google id based on your shopandship addresses account.
He shouldnt be. Carrick should have played.
Better passer, better ball winning CM than fellaini.
Carrick as DM and Pogba-Herrera higher would have been better. 
Right now its Herrera in DM and just one creative CM (Pogba) against 2 ball winning CMs (Kante and Matic). 
Lost the number of times Pobga lost the ball because he got ganged up. Yes he has been poor but look at the freakin tactics. 
Fellaini is the weakest when under pressure compared to carrick/herrera/pogba. Was massige mistake to start him against a team having Kante and Matic in middle. 
Incredible that in a game where we need to have more of the ball Fellaini plays higher than Herrera (whos definitely better ball player tham THAT TREE). 
So basically its just Pogba against Matic n Kante. 
Genius tactics.

Also, how the hell Luiz wasnt sent off? All fkng 6 studs showing. Fknt hate football
Any idea if I can use international credit card with US shipping address? I will pay in full.
I could do this on uk Google but since its out of stock (also more expensive) I am looking to get it through the Fi if i can.
Hey just a follow up: did you order through this method?
I am staying in middle east and considering getting the pixel xl from US/UK. I have addresses for both countries but an international card.
Can I order through Fi if I am paying in full?
If I am assembling a new build, is it worth it to get 960 pro oger 850 pro. Cost isnt a factor but if real-world performance is not much off then should I be cancelling my 850 pro order?
Well the thing is its not about the release date. I dont want to buy a samsung product right after its release until there's full reviews n benchmarks.

My dilemma: is there a huge performance increase over 850 pro that would warrant me waiting for nearly a month?
Damn really?
The speeds are good here but ping is horrendous and customer service, as is usual in Middle East is equally shit. 
300mbps here in middle east and unlimited internet.
We also have the 1gbps option but we pay A SHIT-TON lot (1gbps in qatar is $522/month and in Dubai its like double)
Been that way ever since the products got listed on the website.
The 960s dont have an official release date yet which is why for delivery estimates it shows "backordered”. 
Its on the list under Huawei, showing me 12,500 off.
No worries. 
I am not sure what your budget is, but don't mind me in saying that Herman Miller are usually out of range for most. 
I just got one for nearly $1000 (though I do live in Middle East so its fair to say roughly $200-$300 would have been the local supplier's margin) myself. And that was the Aeron which is the older model.
Other than HM, you could look at this: http://www.pcgamer.com/best-pc-gaming-chairs/

Just few tips: Look for a chair that has more parts (like arm rest, tilt limiters, etc.) that can be adjusted. And a lumbar support is a MUST. 
You are going to spending hours sitting on a chair so try your best to go with something that has maximum back support.
Herman Miller chairs (especially Aeron) are the best chairs for that. Though they are also the most expensive.
Think some people also recommend the ikea gaming chairs (not sure of the exact name)
Video not available
I wouldn't doubt that. I think software has always been googles strong point. That's not to say Apple is bad but its just wasnt for me when I had the 4s (and now the ipad air 2) but their hardwares are top notch though and i seriously hope pixel comes up in that area
Thats what I am worried about if I do switch. 
As someone who is a heavy user of google now I doubt i will make the switch any time soon.
Probably next year as I feel that will really define the directions google and apple (as its the 10th anniversary and should be big) take.
Could you also talk about the switch from google now (on tap and cards, both) to siri.
I am really tempted to shift as well but google now is one of the few things thats really keeping me from switching.
I know theres google now app for iOS but havent seen lot of comparisons between the two OS.

I really like the fact that the now cards showed me travel times, articles (tailored to what I like) etc with just a simple swipe. Also the now on tap is incredibly useful, especially if like me you read a lot of articles and need to look up a word or something.
From what I know, even hardcore Apple fanbois agree that google now in itself was miles ahead of Siri and with google assistant on the pixel I feel its one AI that should be much more practical in usage than others. 
I dream of having allo like features on whatsapp where simply typing @google will bring up the assistant in chat (hopefully with the actions later on).

Also, the whole widgets and home screen. I liked the fact that I can pin the inbox and calendar widgets on my home screen and thus without having the need to go to the individual app I can glance at the respective items without even swiping left/right/down.
I know that the notification centre has the calendar widget but if I am not wrong it shows the agenda only for a day right? 


Can someone help clarify these points for me (sorry if these come across as very noob-ish):
1: Am I correct to assume 7.1 will come with google assistant and thus on nexus 6p as well?
2: Google assistant and 'actions': does this mean allo-like feature of bringing up the assistant (using the @googleassitant) while chatting will work with whatsapp etc. as well? And is this already native or will be a coming up feature?
So it seems like theres no OIS?
Though after using 6p I do have more faith on the software stabilisation but still for that freaking price OIS and water resistance should really be a norm
Or he could be from Switzerland.........
Ya when I went to report it I noticed this too.
Whats the point of having such reputations if they are still getting matched with normal players? :/
Ahh the theatre. Took me a nice 10 minutes figuring out why my POV wasnt coming up till I realised it might be because I had JIPed :/
I spawned it. 
I always give back weapons whenever I can that I find on map 
I really was myself. Spent next 30 minutes fuming and trying to record the clip on game dvr (LOL). 
Lately I have been having a horrible time in warzone. Always a domination, either the enemy side or our side. It's just not fun anymore
I did. But how much difference would it really make? 
Warzone, these days has been becoming more toxic 
I actually did (out of my RPs of course) but theres no excuse of that behaviour :/

That wasn't it. I spawned back at the home base only for the guy to waste all the Nornfang's ammo on me. 
I have no idea why he did this other than being an asshole in general. I had come across guys from this UGF company where they had formed us for the whole match. 

Part 2: 
https://youtu.be/RXNoGcC-gdA
Yea I was going all out on 850 pro but seeing that 960 Evo n pro both have bigger storage sizes so just holding out for both. 
Sorry out of topic, but any idea on release dates of 960 pro? 
All other parts of my pc has arrived and I am just waiting for the SSD. 
Keyes terminal in Halo 1 and backstory of Chakas. 
Despite 343GS spark killing Johnson, I cant help but pity him. Ever since he got into contact with Bornstellar, Chakas's life has been nothing but full of suffering. 
Hoping there's more to come of him.
1 less than whole of the last league season.
Source: https://twitter.com/SquawkaDave/status/779657608047259648?s=09
Mata takes from right.
Blind was superb today. Seen lots who were worried about putting him up against Mahrez but fair to say he handled him very very good
Here's why I was confused: last year it was reported that Schweinsteiger's fee was around £6.5 million rather than £14 million. 

I can get when a company decides to completely write off their assets, but the reason I am perplexed here is simply this: what if due to injuries etc the team needs Schweinsteiger? Or if the manager was to somehow change. Both are unlikely scenarios but financial reporting wise still a possibility as in this particular case the 'assets usefulness' is highly dependent on individual person's (Jose in this case) judgement. 
Its a very interesting accounting principal practiced by football club that i wasnt completely aware of tbh.
He has a brilliant blog. Does a thorough breakdown of everything and is very informative.
Probably a noob question (and probably more suited to r/finance) but if Schweinsteiger's £7million is written off, would his wages be included within the impairment costs or would it still go under wages?
Speaking on that note: his value being "written off" is very interesting and new to me. Thought this usually happened when a player was getting transferred. 
Dude. You are seriously trying to argue for the sake of argument arent you? 
You think its THAT easy to do that? You think such "ideas" wouldnt have crossed 100s of ministers/army men who would rather spend their days not worrying about the shit going down there?
Remove a freaking imam and BAM! Problem solved? Like how they removed a "well-known and socially active" terrorist? Hahaha if only it was that easy then this 60 years of bullshit wouldnt have been happening. 
I dont have time to argue with you, because you are clearing biasing yourself towards one issue only and not taking into account the highly complex scenario involved.

I will just leave it at this: innocents were killed. And this happens and will happen every time theres a wider-scale violence. Its the most saddest reality of war/tensions between groups/countries etc. And despite our best, nothing can change that. But in this case: do not even for a second put the blame on army!
Firstly, THAT is exactly what the army did. Killed a known terrorist in a raid due to which huge violent protests were organised mainly by groups that are funded by terrorists/Pakistan.
Also, its not as black and white as you think it is.
While those protestors may not be "classified" as terrorists but you are telling me people (lets talk about this last months case) "protesting" AGAINST KILLING OF A KNOWN TERRORIST and by "protesting" I mean throwing stones, murdering policemen (yes funny that you decided to overlook that in the tally), etc. DESPITE the curfew orders should be treated like normal non-violent protests?
Also, lets not forget that such groups also had printed and posted "orders" throughout the city center about girls not riding scooters etc etc. 
"People not allowed to congregate for friday prayers". 
LOL 
Firstly, that's untrue (I was in Kashmir during last months trouble). Its ONLY those specific troubled areas where such curfews are imposed. And thats because mosques in those areas are known to not just be anti-India but OPENLY talks of taking up jihad against India and then usually at the end the usual flag-waving of ISIS/Pakistani flags.
So in such cases, if the government doesnt impose curfew then what the hell does it do?

Your last point that when civilians do die and the rise of anti-India sentiments is true though. Its a pretty shitty situation. Like the chief minister of the state said today, the people of the state have to suffer due to the politics of two countries (mostly due to the sponsored terrorism though)

Also its a common knowledge that Pakistan also funds groups to create unrest in Kashmir (usually through separatists) who then organises violent protests, usual flag-raising of ISIS/Pakistani flags at mosques etc. 
Yes, normal civilians gets killed in such scenarios, but thats that saddest and the most unfortunate truth. 
Most of the 17 soldiers that were trapped in their tents that were put on fire
Lol and you are getting down voted for stating a fucking fact.
Benching Rooney is not end all, be all solution for the issues. But he IS A HUGE ISSUE
Definitely not.
Rashford's goal started from Pobga playing a line breaking pass to Ibra. 
Its not his fault hes being shunted behind the likes of Rooney alongside MFs like Fellaini. 
Pogba's best will come in 3-man MF. Not 2-man pivot with freaking Fellaini in there. 
Blind/Carrick-Herrera-Pogba is what we need.
Jose has big, really big decisions to make. And it all starts with dropping Rooney
One of Pogba's great ability is holding the ball under threat and beating the opposition through his dribbling, excellent vision etc; dropping him deeper = him having to beat more oppositions under even more pressure than when hes more of a CAM in MF 3.

As for as Rooney: he cant play 10 consistently, a position which comparably needs less defensive work than holding MF, you want him to swap with Rooney?
He sadly is not consistent anymore especially when he's pressured by opposition. Its been ages since he has been consistently world-class and just like the previous 2-3 seasons, our formations and tactics often revolve around him rather than the other way, thus nullifying our much more important players like Pogba in this case.
Its high time hes just dropped.
Pogba is definitely better in a much more advanced role. Our current issue is Rooney.
Either drop Rooney or have Pogba playing deeper.
It's why I have been crying out for Rooney to be dropped. Its not just about how one game he can be decent, the next world class and the next complete shit; its the fact that his playing is severely limiting the abilities of others.
Why do so many teams dont try to put constant high pressure on Pep's team?
 So many times even in BL Pep's team has looked shaky when pressured.
And then there's the matter of when we have the ball: so much reliance on individual's ability to get the ball away which is pointless here as City's strategy means theres always an extra-man.
Quick and simple 1-2s, higher pressure of the ball and definitely sub out Lingard n Mikhi
This. Citys counter pressing has been pressing crazy. 
That said Mikhi has been very average when he has had opportunities
FIX THE DAMN WARZONE FARMING FFS
Nice to see you feel the same as well.
That song is my favourite of Coldplay songs as I love how it transitions and the way Chris Martins changes his tones after the song transitions.
And that specific line: wow!
Prozone is a football player analysis software, probably from where the video was created or from where the German coaching team got it from
:>
ANYONE other than Rooney....
Also what other boards would you recommend?
Should I go completely with a single 2tb 850 pro in that case?
Thunderbolt 3 is not an absolute necessity either but the usb-c is considering i already have 2 phones with it and the newer devices seem to he going that way as well.
Wow I had no idea this happened in other games too. That's weird.
About your 12 players thing, yea thats weird. For me one of the all 24 player req issue got corrected mid-way a game when he all started getting access to req. I guess then yes it must be server issues then.
But the not quitting thing is nice to know, making sure I quit the game Everytime I am not going to play it for more than 10-15 minutes
It could be. What I meant is that even for everyone, this issue is not new. 
I have i think 2-3 times submitted a post and even tweeted 343i but nothing seems to happen regarding this glitches.

On a lighter note, warzone with just Magnum n AR can be fun at times 
Nothing new. This glitch has been there since the beginning for me and I suppose few other people as well.
For me it usually happens in these scenarios:
1: where I switch off my xbox without quitting the game first. The glitch then happens usually in the first match i come back to play as the game had not quit.
2: if I leave my xbox as well as the game on (as long as not in matchmaking) for enough time for the screen to dim, controller to switch off etc.
3: if there's a connection time out or any other reason and I am kicked out mid-way a warzone game.

Of the 3, the first 2 are much more common.

EDIT: would like to add that in these above scenarios, its usually only me in the whole match who can't access any REQs (retrieving REQs is constantly shown). 
The all 24 players REQ issue has happened just twice for me and both around dec-feb time.
This.
It seems like over time, the warzone matches has become way more one-sided. I almost always play solo and the matches are either getting destroyed (usually this) or the enemy being utter crap regardless of the search options I put up.
Grifball and now super fiesta (it really really needs to become permanent) and customs is the only fun i have.
Its a pity on customs because I once got invited by a group n it was super fun. Cant seem to find teams anymore
I might be wrong here, but didnt Casillas came out against Mourinho saying that he was treated bad only because he spoke to Puyol and Xavi due to the club rivalry affecting the national team?
And then there were people saying it was all his PR machine bla bla bla.
He might have been at fault with his injury and spending time in Germany, but look at Casillas scenario as well and we cant deny the fact that Jose at times can be bit too harsh.
When things dont go his way, we have seen how he reacts and that always has been a big concern when it comes to Mourinho
Lesson 1: except gungoose and warthogs, do not use any vehicles on the ramps. ESPECIALLY covenant vehicles.
Found out the hard way with my ultra ghost and banshee 😢
Mike
yea. Doubt this as well. Didn't Jon himself say that if he dies again he would prefer not to come back.
ahh been reading a lot about the Gigabyte UD3 as well. Is the performance really close to the g1? 
Dust filters was the exact reason I was going for the 900d case but obviously it seems like a massive overkill. 
Also, I am not very keen on asus as I have heard they have crap customer service. However, I might go for evga gtx 1080 instead of nvidia FE. 
This. The few times in 2nd half he started moving center he was very good with one of those instances leading to Zlatan's goal
Blind with another good game. Ander was wonderful today as well. So was Fellaini.
Rooney, despite his goal was definitely the worst player on the pitch today
Ya was looking at mystery black n pilot. 
What notebook would you recommend? I have been seeing lot of praise for clairefontaine
Yep seems like it's between 144 solitaire n 146. 
Btw what ink would you recommend? Black n blue 
The 146s seem decent size. 144 seems the best size however I am not pulling the trigger on it due to multiple complaints on quality control on those. However, it seems like solitaire 144s seem better
Starwalker is a beautiful series. I personally love the looks. The only issue me and my dad have is nib style: we both love classical bib styles. 
Noob question: but can anything about the nibs be done in that case?
Sorry to be a noob, but could you link me to some site? 
Ahh that was great, thanks. From the link the 144 is definitely the size I feel would be perfect. Though looks like I have to stick to the solitaire version as I have seen multiple complaints of other 144s being of inferior quality. 
Lots on FPN recommended this as well. If it was for myself I would surely have considered it. With my dad, he's almost completely Western brand biased, and also we live in the Middle East where shipping brands other than the ones having a store would be a pain. 
Both MB and dupont have stores close to my place (along with dunhill etc) 
Yea i am leaning towards the 149s but my only worry is that it might be slightly fatter. I haven't yet gotten the chance to go to the store n see it in person, mostly right now looking it off the net. 
Is there any link where there's a picture comparison of various models? 
Yes he has used fountain pens and I would say he looks at the nibs more than anything else. He would love the outer design of starwalker series (especially the star on top) but since he prefers more classical look for the nib I am ruling it out. Currently for work he uses dunhill or dupont ball pens (less of the latter as he has a very thin model). 
He will use the FP I gift everyday for work as well as his occasional writing (2-3 days a week). 
I am not sure what models he has, but I know that he is not too happy with both the dunhill and dupont because both are on extreme sides of sizes. The MB John Lennon, JFK or Dupont 007 series seem decent in size (I have only seen pictures so far) 
He has never owned an expensive FP but definitely likes using FPs (lower end pilots etc.) and I will buy him a new one, unless it's something like the LE Gandhi MB lol
Yes, the jfk is probably the only one in that range. I wouldn't mind going higher for the other models. But my issue is that most of these have medium nib, so is there any workaround that (sorry total noob) 
You are partially right. It indeed is stupid to criticise or praise a manager just because he stands at the sideline and shouts. LvG hardly ever did that even at Ajax or any other clubs, yet he has won trophies. 
There are many others who do stand but are completely useless.
 
However, where I FEEL you go wrong is, when you say sideline antics is cosmetic. I disagree because even though you train every week (with some particular week focusing more on a specific match) no match goes out as intended, thus requiring a certain degree of in-game tactical flexibility that's utilised by consistently passing on instructions from the sidelines. 
Then, there's also the motivation factor, especially in PL where managers giving sideline talk is always preferred. Additionally, even world class players are known to switch-off for few moments and hence require an outside perspective that's usually provided by the manager/coaches. 
Awesome, thanks a lot for this. Any personal recommendation within these and also for conditioners? 
Also, what sort of frequency should I look for? 2-3 days a week or lesser? 
I mainly use something like Tigi bedhead matte wax as others are too soft for my hairstyle or too strong. 
I would like to go without using any product, but I have quiet thick, soft, smooth and super bouncy hair which makes it impossible to style it in any way. 
Also, is conditioner required along with your shampoo? 
Could be. That being said, we are shite when it comes to social media
That, regardless of the ad they would be pissed. But I get your point. My opinion is that: this AD either confirms the deal or its just marketing the shit out of the situation and I believe it's more of the latter. 
That, regardless of the ad they would be pissed. But I get your point. My opinion is that: this AD either confirms the deal or its just marketing the shit out of the situation and I believe it's more of the latter. 
Pretty sure with them being our sponsors, they can definitely use our logo for an ad related to United
I disagree with him about this being an inept transfer. Yes Ibra wanted to work with JM, but Bailly? His point on Mikhi was complete shit. BvB never wanted to sell him, yet we got him (also largely with Mini's help) 
Shure SE846 and Bose QC35 
PUUURFECT 
Blind, Schweini and Herrera
Now if only the video had a shot of Sir Alex tapping his watch ;) 
Love the way the 4th Spartan thrusts backwards like "uh uh you ain't having me biatch" 
Because Perez as head of Madrid has more control on transfers than most (certainly Barca) CEOs/presidents of other clubs have. 

Anyways to the OP: Players forms go up & down due to various reasons along with managers' capabilities. Look at Valencia: one season under SAF he was one of the best winger, the next complete opposite. 
Same with Evra who for Juventus and France has certainly been better than he was for us during his final 1-2 seasons. 
To say before even the season starts that team A has less quality than team B (especially after one of the team has signed 4 first XI players) is highly subjective and biased. Leicester City last season proved that in itself. 
This. With barca signing Gomes, Madrid press have started focusing on Pogba. Going to be a shitty week ahead unless something is done today
It should yes. Madrid are already targeting Gomes, someone we should have if Pogba is not coming. 
Don't want the scenario where Pogba is not coming, Gomes is gone as well
JUST DO IT
Yesterday you said in 48 hours, JUST DO IT
As it should be. 
If we don't get Pogba, target Kroos (though City yes). And I say save that money for Griezmann next season. 
EDIT: could be bollocks. 
This is what sportwitness (I know they are low tier, but they are great in letting others know about reliable news) say in one of their article:
"Calciomercato.it, who, let’s establish this once again, aren’t the more respected Calciomercato.com"
Yea same. Not sure of reliability but the only reason I posted it is because its Italian. 
Probably will use sportwitness and see what they think about these guys
Not sure either. His earlier tweets seem to suggest something about United and Juve about Pogba around 2030.its in Italian and Google translate doesn't help. 
Could be just a news bulletin for all I know
Yea was just going to say the same thing. 
Can't edit it on the mobile: it's by some journalist from some Italian Calciomercato
Probably announced with the pixel phones rumoured to come later? 
you could just add the schedule to your google calendar and then add the calendar widget on your homepage :)
Long shot this as I see many holes in the theory but just like how Ned learnt about Cersei and Jaime through the book that documented the family lineage, maybe there's something very similar in Citadel's library that Sam gets his hand on? 
Regardless, I have a feeling Sam and the Citadel's library scene will play a very important part in not just WW related things. 
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau was also in Black Hawk Down (about US army's 1993 raid in Mogadishu) though the role was more like a cameo and also the movie apparently has lot of inaccuracies. 
Also the movie A Thousand Times Good Night, a war drama about his character's wife being a war journalist etc. One of the best Nikolaj's performance. 
JUST DO IT 
Was coming in along with the Edinburgh branch and due to a dumb communication mix-up from my end, I realised that I wasn't allocated a ticket. 
Luckily reached 2 hours early and used that to ask the people selling outside the stadium. Got sold a VIP ticket at FV (still expensive) fortunately. 
Ahh yea. Sorry I thought you were talking about the main Base station, my bad. 
Do you even watch bayern games? They hardly play the same system more than 2-3 games consecutively. In fact forget matches, him and tuchel are known to change their systems drastically within matches. 
And flexibility does not mean you don't put in your own ideas and basic roots of system. Everyone is different and it would be stupid to think Pep or anyone would do exactly what Jupp did. So much of they way Bayern and even Germany playing today is directly/indirectly what Pep did in Germany. 
It's funny because if he or any manager had won everyone would be like "eh Jupp left them a great team" and if he didn't "eh he dismantled the treble winning team" 
Isn't the Base station included? 
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/lionel-messi/11162958/Pep-Guardiola-I-hate-tiki-taka-its-rubbish-and-completely-pointless.html

Tiki-taka is more of what LvG made United do, Spain does occasionally. 
Also the system Bayern played under, is different compared to Barca as Pep adjusted it to suit the wing-oriented play. Also my initial comment already mentioned the thrashing. 
We can hate City and Pep as much as we want but it would be incredibly stupid on anyone's part to not think of them as a challenger for the PL. 
LOL not arguing with someone calling it tiki taka
City with Pep. Pep is the master of tactical flexibility (which at times can also be bad, think RM thrashing in CL). Chelsea with Conte. These both are the biggest worries.
Liverpool with Klopp might be, but I feel Klopp still has a lot to do so for 1st half of the season I dont see much challenge from them. 
thanks. Yea I don't think I would be matching blue with blue.
I guess khaki will go well with blue/dark green polo (blue or white shoes though?)
Navy shorts with pink polo and greys or does khaki work with pink and greys as well? And I am guessing white shoes for navy shorts and blue for khaki or does that usually depend on the t-shirts?
oh for sure. But what I meant is that is their frustration stems from them underestimating the fact that most players still don't consider BvB big enough compared to likes of Bayern, RM, Barca, United. 
It would be frustrating for anyone to see their players go on such a regular basis and this is definitely the managements fault for not typing up the players quicker. 
Yep. And as much as I and rest admire Dortmund, for the time being, they can't compete with the likes of us, Bayern etc. And their management has been underestimating that. 
"Finished 5th in the league"

They had done this for Gundogan as well 😂
This. 
For some reason I feel Morgan will be like Matic under Mou
And you're not going to stop there
No, what are you waiting for?

Noodles, toothpaste, shampoo... Do it
Just do it
This. 
Youth system and good management. 
I was shocked when Roy was given the job. 


JUST DO IT
Yes. Especially when the wardens spawn in the core room thus rendering most vehicles (including scorpion at most angles) useless due to all the walls. 
What is hype may never die 
It's King of the North theme (also named King of the North). 
I loved that the Tower theme song changed to King of the North theme when the scene transitions to present Jon. 

You are correct in this, players should be judged relative to their positioning and complete picture than just 1 or 2 matches. 
But tell me this, why should a striker who can't anymore play in that position CONSISTENTLY be giving a starting place in a position he's still getting used to over a proper midfielder? 
While I agree yesterday's performance was one-off in the whole tournament and hence people getting in the hate train, but what I think the OP and few other threads trying to say here is why shouldn't we buy a proper midfielder rather than having to start Rooney again and again who's not very consistent? 
No10s: mikhi/mata/Lingard. 
mf: basti/Morgan/carrick/herrera
Attackers: memphis/Martial/ibra/mikhi (as winger)/rashford. 

Currently, I agree our MF is too one-dimensional with Carrick, Schweini, Morgan being too slow and hence why Herrera was tried paired with one of the 3 last season and wasn't entirely successful as Herrera didn't have a great season. This is where Rooney was then used. 
So my question is this: we all agree Rooney is still getting used to MF position n he's been largely shit as striker; so why should United continue doing that rather than getting a new MF? 
This. As much as I love the classic halo theme, this didn't fit at all with intro. The tempo and energy like you said were completely off
I do have some hope for him returning. Especially due to the fact that Mourinho has been a long time admirer for him. 
The only issue is if he does leave there's Madrid to consider. 
Now this is pure speculation n based on external factors but if Pogba is even slightly undecided, then United should try n maybe tie him up for jan/next season. The logic is simple: if somehow Pogba stays this transfer season, Madrid should be out of equation (doubtful FIFA will overturn the transfer ban) thus giving United a higher chance. Barca can't afford him especially with the Neymar crap going on. That leaves just PSG, in which case United can go for Verrati/Kante. 
Hey, 
I did this trip last October and I have to say it was absolutely wonderful. 
I am not sure about the driving experience etc but I had applied for an international license (I was in Edinburgh for my masters) and had rented out a car. Just keep in mind to take full insurance on the car even if it adds on to the price. 
The route has rough roads at places and me as well as my friends car's windshield had cracks. 
That movie. Whoops the ass of Bond movies any day
Happens to me once every 3 games or do but weirdly almost always when I am not in a crunch situation. 
But I do have various other issues like the game completely crashing at times (usually when I am in the REQ menu while matchmaking) 
Probably warming up for the yoga day
Guess I will just have to try it out :s
Sucks that such a expensive hair dryer is still using single voltage and I was stupid enough to not have checked it :/
It's kind of what I read as well. Most were recommending getting a adapter that allowed 10-20% extra wattage. 
But the max wattage adapters I can find is 2000w and even that had bad reviews. Right now I have ordered for a 1875w adapter that's equal to 1875w of the dryer. 
Anything above 2000w, I can find only transformers which I really don't want. 
Stupid question, but if I do stick with 1875w adapter would the dryer just be underpowered or would it be like the current situation of using a 125v device on 240v that can make the dryer start smoking and buying? 
Umm United are joint 1st in least amount of goals conceded......
Not Blind. He was pretty decent last season. Agree with others though
Met the United team in SAFs final season when they had a training camp in Qatar. 
I met them on the last day. 
1: Rooney was acting pretty cuntish; not signing (on all three days, after their training the fans had a chance to meet players before they got I to the bus) not even stopping for photos or a chat. The crowd was decent but not too huge that players couldn't have a small chat. There was even public training, and Rooney was same throughout. Looked very angry kind. Think it was few weeks after the camp that the rumours of him asking for transfer came up. 
2: Carrick and Büttner were great. Stopped for photos and sign. 
3: Vidic stopped for longer, having a small chat with almost everyone and giving out autographs. Remembered telling him to let's win the treble again (lol!). 
4: Evra was Evra lols. Spoke to few people, joked around, having the biggest smile of the lot. Unlike most others, Evra went to both side of the fans (on either side of the gate). 
I wouldn't be surprised. But knowing how the companies work usually in Qatar, I am pretty sure they are going to greatly underestimate the rivalry related hooliganism and the violent ultras, with their focus being more on alcohol n alcohol related violence, sex etc. 
That sound really scared me and my friends, even though it was on TV. 
Was so very similar to the Paris attack. 
I wonder how Qatar will handle this? 
Oh wait, deportation..... 
1 button is what I want. 
I know there's a lot but I want something that's good quality n doesn't need changing every 6-7 months unlike the Shure ones
I agree. Vorpal would be better than the bane as camo is not really suited for grifball. 
Not having advanced sensors along with mythic weapons is dangerous 
I didn't think I was going to be commenting on this sub, let alone posting. But wow, you sound so similar to me. Especially the "doing quiet things" and being terrified of similar people. 
Happened to me a while back as well. 
I know that. And I wasn't saying that these figures are bad for these pros. I was just comparing that even the pros don't go below 1000 so I fail to see how normal gym going people can consider below 1000 calories a healthy way to cut. 
Completely agree with you. 
Though I thought since this is a fitness sub there would be sensible people out here. 
I am no way an expert but 700-1000 is very low for anyone. Even the professional bikini bodybuilders cut at 1100 :/
This. 
A female friend of mine of just told me she has been eating like 700-800 cals and I really mouthed her off saying it's way too low. 
Saw this post and was hoping I would see people commenting that it's too low and so far it's just you :/
Very true. Prior to this update I complained multiple times about the armour bug issue in warzone (thankfully solved) and the "retrieving REQs" bug (still unsolved but happens less often now) but hardly got noticed. 
I don't think it's the console. I use YouTube on it for hours and it doesn't crash. 
It's most likely the game for me. 
Heck around 5 hours back I tried playing, and I wasn't getting matched in ANY of the play list. Checked reddit twice in case anyone else had the same issue. 
The bugs in this game is really getting on my nerves now
I am with you. After the last update, I am facing this exact same issue. Multiple times the game has quit on me. 
What I have noticed though is that for me it happens more while I am getting the REQs as I am getting matched. 
Also, why do you think your xbox is dying? 
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE ENABLE SOLO LOBBY FOR WARZONE. 
BLOODY SICK OF GETTING ANNIHILATED 100-1000
I agree with you. 
I actually had posted this earlier:
The assembly (made up of dumb AIs) in Halo reach datapads, had a very similar thinking to Cortana. Upon witnessing Cortana's birth, they were happy that instead of working behind the scenes they got to work along with the humans. However even then, it was never implied that their thinking of "going against humanity for their own betterment" was abandoned. 
So if the dumb AIs had this attitude, does it mean smart AIs over time (rampancy = over thinking to death) start showing such attributes as well, as somewhere deep down this is AIs basic nature? 
I will join you if it's not
Players can no longer knock teammates out of the REQ Terminal menus.
Goodbye annoying mofos. 
On a serious note: seems like armor bugs is STILL not resolved. Going to reserve my final judgement after playing it though. 
We have a low player Base because we have low play lists. 
Like someone commented earlier: if its popular enough to split population, it should be kept. 
Grifball and infection should be available together. 
Same here. 
I started making friends after I join a company (which I definitely recommend doing so) but thanks to xbox's super shit controllers, I can't use my mic anymore even though I freaking spent so much money on the best equipments (elite controller + astro a50s) Because of the shitty controller getting DC'ed bug I cant chat anymore. Plus, halo 5's own bugs and lack of fun play lists means I am enjoying my time playing halo 5 lesser and lesser. 
This. If it doesn't, along with the rumoured grifball removal from match making, I see my halo 5 playing time coming to a stop. 
I saw the stream for only about 40 minutes. Any truth in grifball being removed from match making? 
Stupid decision if true
It's working fine now. Probably the Halo servers. 
Had tested the connection and multiplayer connection and both came out "ok". Thanks anyways
I had gotten my hands on the limited editions of silmarillion and LotR around 2 years back and was so excited to read them all....
Fast forward to today and I still can't get around to reading the silmarillion properly (I just skimmed through the interesting parts). 
Mad respect to you for completing it. 
How is ace stream? 
I seriously don't mind subscribing to online streaming but sadly there are no reliable ootions
Apparently the Bein sports had 2 years contract that was renewed in May 2014. As of now, the contracts negotiations are still going in hence this issue. 
I anyways hate both these companies. They have shit customer service. Probably going to get vpn and watch sky UK. 
Yes you are right with that view. But whether Cortana really means it or not, I feel the consequences of her actions will see humanity's ascendence accelerating. 
Nothing in that says they rejected the mindset of going against humanity if they viewed their actions as assisting humanity. They were debating about working in secrecy vs working with humanity and with the creation of Cortana they decided to come out in open. 
Similarly Cortana actions has always been in open in terms of assisting humanity. Even now she claims to be assisting humanity without realising her consequences, something very similar to what the assembly was doing (except they were doing it in a secrecy) 
Well you make a fair point about the smart-dumb AI. Though it's difficult to say that majority and minority were dumb AI. 
As for as Cortana: didn't she say in the campaign that the created would take over the mantle. I get your point nevertheless; Cortana's action unknowingly accelerating humanity's ascendence. 
But I think it's more of Reach's data pads probably implying that overtime AIs will do anything in their power for helping humanity even if in reality they are just causing harm (like cortana). I could be completely off track here with the data pads, but it's what I think
Yes they wanted to work humans but it if there came a time when they had to go against humans for their betterment (as per the AIs view) they would have. Like earlier. Like Cortana seems to think she's doing right now
Oh? I thought putting on camo along with damage boost (even if due to nornfang) would still make you visible :/
Yea. Tbh Cortana was always going to return.  There were tons of signs for her return. Unfortunately the story execution (especially after the brilliant execution in Halo 4) screwed the campaign. 
Either the created story arch come from this (most likely as back in Halo CE the devs had originally planned for Cortana to go rampant) or its possible that helping humanity by any means, to the end of working against them, is instilled deep into the nature of AIs. Hence why quite a few AIs have chosen to side with Cortana
It's so frustrating. It's been nearly a month this issue came up (last update) . 
Occasionally my req services also stop loading randomly for a whole match. 
As if getting rekt by being matched against fireteams was not enough, now I get rekt because of these bugs. 
Ahh finally someone has managed to say the EXACT things I have always been trying. 
I believe in lot of ways halo's story is already the best in sci-fi with so much backstory etc. Halo CEA and Halo 4 terminals along with forerunner saga were my favourite moments lore-wise (and probably why despite halo 5 I still have faith in 343i).
The way the true villain of this franchise, the flood, have been depicted in such an interesting AND scary way, few franchises elsewhere have pulled it off. The flood not just destroys but controls your body and brain, erases everything AND then use any prior-knowledge for their own benefit. 
I was so looking forward to learning more of the still-unsolved mysteries (like the ship in halo cea) in halo 5 but pity the campaign was so crap. Hopefully post-halo 5 media releases are better. 
EDIT: grammar stuff
Yea I read it. Such cases I would try hard to tempt him to kill me like how someone mentioned dropping the sniper and then taking it back just before he takes it. 
Quite agree. But I have a feeling that having a firetrap increases your chances of getting matched against fireteams. I have never gone more than 3 consecutive matches matched against fireteams but the few times I join a fireteam I have gone 4-5 matches getting matched with different fireteam. 
So now I tend to just play solo or max with 1 or 2 more members. 
Not very sure but I think if someone kills u 2-3 times atleast in such modes it should give u the boot option
You could then have booted him
Yea, not a fan of what they did in halo 5. Somehow just audio took away my interest in the terminals. But I guess it's probably because I found them hard to listen to properly with so much happening in the background and the logs didn't even have subtitles 
Halo 4 terminals, Firstly in one of the terminals when the Librarian says "Yes, the mantle is ours, and we hold it so tight, even in death we shall hold it still."
Then the very next terminal when the didactic says "...And for you, that time is now. Know this, relentless enemy, killer of our children. Lord of Admirals. Soon we will face the enemy you have faced, and we are afraid." Both these scenes said so much about the forerunners and you even the horrendous flood. 

Yeh toh khoon hai. 
Daya pata karo
FIX THE BLOODY ARMOUR MODS NOT WORKING ISSUE
Last year when MCC came out I was playing it daily (I bought my xbox for it). In fact MCC was the first shooter I ever went online to play. It was OK till halo 5 came out. After that due to lower population and 343i not giving it much importance it takes ages to get matched :(
This is a great ending yes. But considering Cortana is not really Cortana and rather the Rampant fragment (yes I do believe that) I think Cortana will instead lash out even strongly against the humans by blaming them for Chief's death. 
It's for the xbox one
Have the SAME issue. Except it's with my elite. Have the astro a50s halo edition. Controller works fine until I plug in the astro
There's too many, Sarge! 
Not truly surprised. People need to stay away from such brands. For few phones they stopped the OS update support completely despite despite their marketing advertisements and promises. The moto G if I remember correctly was stopped like after 11 months or so. 
Somehow I have a bad feeling that when the flood does return at least one of the blue team member is going to die 
Its horrible without armour mod. I have seen others posts as well but like you said hardly anyones listening.
Also, are u facing lag issues especially on the new warzone match? And what about the lag when aiming using the sword. 4/10 times the enemy just gets away despite being in the red zone :/
Yep. The armour mod not working has occurred to several people 
Have the exact same issue. I am kylo now. Might go back to elementalx n see how it goes
Well at least it ended on a better note. 
My last 2 crushes literally "crushed" me (sorry for the pun). 
I confessed my feelings to the earlier one and she said she understood and would need time due to her "previous experience" (which she must have said a few times) fast forward a month or so and not only is she in a relationship with a guy with proper poor history but I come to know she's been bad mouthing me behind my back. 

Felt like a complete fool after this as I usually pride in getting to know people enough before getting attached to them. Started doubting myself as well for being that blind and oblivious, though later on I started turning it around by saying myself that at least i knew what really was happening but chose to be stupid, a once in 1000 mistake and also that I was at least honest. 

Fast forward next year, had moved to UK for my further studies and got a crush on someone within my business school (which for me was a huge thing as I was still low on my confidence) only to find out she's a extremely selfish, purely money-orientated, and completely careless (to the point of being irresponsible) . Thankfully I realised this sooner than last time and wasn't completely emotionally attached. 
Still, now I am at a stage that deeply trusting someone would be extremely hard for me. And of course the self-confidence got hit for a home-run. 

Yes but so still has ram issues apparently. That said the camera has been the best since past 2 or 3 years. 
I don't use camera that often so 6p is pretty decent. I had htc and moto and both of these were pathetic camera-wise. Both of the got laggy as well (had moto turbo 1). Had Samsung Note 2 but it's lag made me never touch Samsung again. 
The 6p has good battery but sadly the software is fucking about here as most users had pretty decent battery till Dec-Jan. 
I wouldn't be returning it. After using stock android don't think I can go anywhere near the likes of Touchwiz, htc and their shit camera, moto with their crap customer care. G5 is the only one I would be ever so slightly tempted but then I haven't gone through their reviews yet. 

Definitely has impacted marshmallow now as well. Before this I was using December update as lots of users were complaining of poor battery post Jan and Feb update. Coming to April update seems to have an impact on mine as well. 
I will try going back to elementalX and seeing the battery life there as it was the kernel I used previously. Don't have high hopes for it though
I always had ok Google on with anywhere detection and still managed 5 hours of SoT over 22-24 hours. The only thing I kept off was wifi and Bluetooth scanning. 
Everything else was on. Infact I used soundcloud with Bluetooth streaming for 1 hour + 1.5 hours of pocket cast daily (both of data) and still managed these times. Now getting 3-3:30 hours on same settings would be a huge thing in itself
Yes I kind of thought so as well. 
What was the thing though? 
Probably a long shot but could the bastion been moved due to immense causal reconciliation be anyway connected to the object M'dama wanted Halsey to study as she referred to causal reconciliation there as well. 
Please tell me this was a one-time glitch :/
I have used Spartan charge a lot in FFA and even won few games due to it. But honestly I think SC in itself is crap. It doesn't really need a skill (I stopped using it on FFA once I realised that I wasn't really improving). Just running around like a mad dog SCing is really not fun and this new update is ridiculous. 
Thank God though it came out after warzone turbo else it would have been unplayable 
So it overheats now? That's ridiculous 
Oh yea i did that once long back (probably when the game was 2 or 3 weeks old). Got a phaeton from req 5 random. Was also storm break. 
Think storm break is best map for phaeton especially if enemy has fortress as they won't have decent sightlines for taking you down without risking getting shot. 
The problem is boost is not that great compared to evading in banshees. Also the ultra has stronger tracking. 
Lesson learnt though
Found this the hard way. Took out my last phaeton thinking of taking down enemy banshee ultra. 
1 minute and 3 shots later I switched off the master fuse button went to my room and just contemplated my life in darkness :(
It's more like a multipurpose Hall for basketball etc. We came up with rules like one hand catches, only direct boundaries etc to make it much more interesting. 
Living in middle east (specifically Qatar) this is the only means other than parking lots as there's no stadiums, parks etc to play cricket 
Samuels is definitely not all innocent. While he had a tad little more awareness to actually not hit Warne, that bat throwing was as much shameful as Warne throwing the ball. 
All in all, Warne has been a bigger dick all around. 
Nope. My neighborhood usually play with the hard tennis balls (taped and untaped as well). While it doesn't have seam it's much better for batting than the lighter tennis bats. The bounce helps as well. 
Unrelated to the question but what sort of ball would you recommend for Indoor cricket played usually on asphalt or indoor multipurpose floor (usually basketball-ish floor)? 
We used to play with tape tennis but due to their extreme lightness and reliance in slogging we now play with taped hard tennis balls (Mra balls). 
We tried the indoor kookaburra but can't use them due to the bounce. 
How does the rubber balls hold up in this case? 
We are talking about Warne and Samuels. Warne had no job tugging Samuels there as much as Samuels had no right holding hussey. Yes Samuels was a kind of a dick. What he did was against the spirit of the game yes but it most definitely did not warrant such a response from Warne. 
Also hussey in the 1st incident left it to the umpire to sort things out. 
Nopes. Stop the shitfuckery constant team changes every 2 or 3 years and I might finally get to support a team properly
Warne had no real business there. Especially tugging his shirt and then even throwing the ball on him on purpose. 
Spunkmaster*
Wow that's crazy from NZ to do nothing about it. For the run-out chance as well Hales had left early. 
Thanks. Tried Nike free trainer 5.0 and they seemed decent but just like most of the reviews of the newer ones the toe boxes are tighter. I tried looking for the previous model but it's hard to find here. 
Do you know any alternatives in other brands like adidas? 
Got phaeton certification :') 
No one's making an argument, I just meant that it's more due to the game issues as initially when it happened to me I thought I had got kicked/booted as well. 
Yep same here. Have been banned 2 times already due to this and its very annoying because most of the times I got DCed I had been doing pretty well
You can get kicked in warzone? I think it's just network issue.
Strangely after the hammer storm update this has happened to me atleast 4 or 5 times now. 
Matchmaking: fast but often go against full party teams and that makes it very boring and one-sided. If there are 4 or more players from a same party they should be matched similarly rather than with random. 
Scoring: last shot based kills is very annoying and unfair. I like the idea that someone suggested IF a team has more than 50% damage they should get some points as well. And lochagos definitely needs lower points. Also it would be WAY MUCH more fun if bosses not only spawned at random places but also roamed a much wider area. 
Core destruction: there definitely needs to be a certain time limit due to limit farming. 
Spawns: spawns are okayish. Occasionally spawns are in line of enemy fire (snipers, BRs, and even tanks) 
Halo 3 legendary terminal if I am not wrong. MB has a hand in Master Chief escaping the arc and in fact was actually responsible for having Master Chief reach requiem. 
You are right. The Oracle in high charity did come from dreadnought. It was a part of Mendicant Bias. 
Hope to hear about halo TV series. That too with Spielberg heading it
Agree with you there. 
Had a double bag who tried to do the same by getting a turrent (went back in theatre) except that he probably didn't know how to do solo. Once his team scored then he took the ball outside and just stood there till the time got over. 
Proper a-hole. 
It's so annoying when all you want to do is have a good time during your few minutes of free time. 
Undoubtedly. I went through theatre and saw the guy who had taken the ball out was outside for nearly the whole match. Was playing around with the machine gun turrent then came inside once the team scored and took the ball out again. 
Problem is our team was full of random and even then we're managing pretty decent as it took the enemy Team ages to score. Absolutely killed the game
K  ;) 
I used to till halo 5 came out. Just tried to ignore the bugs and have a nice time and usually I did. But post-halo 5, tried BTB 4 times and waited more than 10 to 15 minutes but couldn't get matched. 4 times is not a lot but it's too much of a wait time especially considering how badly addicted I am to warzone. 
Except MCC. 
How much I wish to play classic halo online :(
Ditto. I was in noctus once where I was just mostly sniping from my Base and had only 10 kills and was like damn I am gonna end below my avg kills this game. 
Next thing I know someone dropped a bayonet SMG, took a lvl 3 camo went into the monument n killed like 12 kids who were going mad trying to locate me. 
The moment I get a shotgun/sword/bayonet I usually take a camo rather than speed boost. Really helpful in taking a Base. 
For rarer swords, Only vopal talon would be of proper use if you are stacking speed boost. Additional mobility with two thruster evade is heavenly. Prophet's bane would still make you visible (probably on radar too if not running) due to the increased movement. 
Or you could have spawned with a bayonet and gone on a frenzy 
I lost my ghost ultra when it got stuck in noctus. Never been sadder :(
I just run back up, and then keep Spartan charging one of the Marine to get them out. 
My outlook account syncs completely fine until the moment I compose and send a email. After which the message gets "queued" in the outbox and inbox stops refreshing as well. 
This has been the case ever since I started using my 6p. And apparently other 6p users are facing same issue with Outlook accounts as well. 
So I can have Gmail like features for my outlook account. Except that I still have the syncing issues that occurs everytime I try to send a mail. 
Thanks google
Time to get off the planet. Always knew the piece of Pluto purchased was gonna come in handy 
If It was me the slightly increased visibility that comes with walking would have given me away. And if I had gone crouching all the way the camo would have gotten over before I could do all this :(
Droid turbo. 
Almost Everything. Yes also battery performance since my 6p gives me higher SoT. 
Faster charging and Ambient display
Between a rock and hard place. Literally
Well still no Dustin echoes? 
I would love to uninstall the fb app don't use the app in particular a lot but I do regularly share links/videos. What's the workaround if the app is deleted? 
One of the most frustrating things on the noctus. Had loads of teammates do this to me especially when I am sniping the enemy. Absolutely annoying
Spot on. All I think about the whole day is getting time for playing warzone. In fact I plan my days in advance to keep few hours for the game. And then when I am playing it I am already thinking of tomorrow and how to plan out things. 
OK I have got a problem :(
Hbo go requires cable. Hbo now doesn't. 
Already have Netflix in my country. Would any of these vpns work with hulu, hbo though? And which would be the best? 
Boarders at the back of wraith won't die. But I have definitely killed a boarder or 2 if they boarded me from front. Ended up greatly damaging the wraith as well though. And its certainly even harder 
You still can do the same. Didn't play reach so quite possible that it's not THAT effective now. But has worked for me a very few times (4 or 5 times till now) 
That cracked me up. 
Here have your upvote
And then there's me too scared of using this beast not because I would get splattered (as usual) but so that I don't die and hand it over to the enemy :|
You cant squish them but you can shoot walls and kill them (only in front for wraith). I have done this a numerous times. It's rare though coz usually you end up panicking or just giving up. But every time I am boarded, especially in wraith, I try to boost closer to a wall n shoot it. Though you end up damaging your vehicle as well
Hav3 had 2 6ps (1 I gave to my sister) and so far I have had 0 issues with Bluetooth. I use it regularly for audio streaming as well as calling
Using Mac here too. 
I usually move all the .img files from the stock image files to one folder, use the cd command in terminal to change directory and then rather than typing anything I just drag drop the flashall file and hit enter. It usually gives me error for vendor or recovery for which I flash them separately 
Hell jumpers
Same here . It would will syncing whenever I tried sending a mail which would very sick in queued and remain in outbox
I agree too. I think his piloting skills were really good. But lot of these splatters could very well have be hijack in other matches. I felt he got too close too often
Halo 4: one of the best campaigns and music 
Yes just saw while flashing xposed that there's uninstaller too. 
Thanks. 
Stupid question but I am in chroma now if I had to go back to stock I guess it's safe to reflash the factory image files (tgz extension). Also would I have to reset backup, reset and then reflash or is dirty flash ok? 
Wow. I thought it was. Just flashed chroma n i noticed that my there was a drain regardless of me not using it. After every 30-45 minutes of checking Gsam my battery drain per hour would increase even though I did nothing

Edit: link to your post? 
"… the weapon would be bound to attract trouble –."

"Only if you shouted about it," argued Ron 018. "Only if you were prat enough to go t-bagging around, waving it over your head, and singing, 'wort wort wort.' As long as you could keep your trap shut –."

Legend has it that it's still lying there, waiting for its one true master to wield it's power. 
Oh yes have done this a few times. It's ridiculous 5he number of people who don't know that changing seats really helps a lot 
Its bloody common sense. When i am the driver i make sure i am doing rounds n not stopping near an enemy base for too long. While you may not get lots of kills i make sure me n the gunner survive quite a while n prove a nuisance to the enemy. And its really simple: keep moving.
Absolutely. 
While the campaign tbh honest left much to be desired (decent storyline but shite execution) the multiplayer feels like old halo games despite the thrusters etc. 
The multiplayer is very very solid. Initially I started getting bit bored of warzone but now I am just too addicted to it and FFA as well. 
For it happens on flash videos and only when I rotate to landscape. Not on YouTube vids. 
Initially I was worried it was one of those phones whose screen had a defect but I am pretty sure it's the issue with chrome and the placement of the pause, volume etc bar. 
Awesome man. Not just the video but even all those kills. 
Will make sure if I see your name in enemy team I will quit (for the 1st time) :p
Brute and flood themed warzone? 343i PLEASE make this happen 
This. 
But honestly I would rather always be a gunner. I think I am an horrible driver so I always try looking for getting into one of me team mates or stealing the enemy's (I destroyed a tank and a wraith back to back, though I put that down a lot to luck lol). 
It's very annoying when u get killed so fast because although in arena I do very well I suck horribly in war zone (Unless I go to kill AI bosses and go top) so I usually reach req 6 when the scores are already around 850sh
I had just pulled a scorpion from my req but no one took up the gunner's seat and the enemy killed me in a minute :(
Made sure I went and bought the halo edition a50 so that I could swear and tell my team mates in fucking crystal clear voice to get in the fucking gunner seat
Just received my 128gb Aluminium in UK. 
Had ordered it a day after launch day (had cancelled my 1st order due to different card) 
Me. 
Had to cancel and reorder 2 days after the  preorder date (UK) . 3-5 November. Went processing on Friday.
128gb Aluminium. Have a feeling it might be delayed if it doesn't ship by today. Though i have some hope as it went processing on Friday and I was charged on my card as well. 
I wouldnt mind having them again especially with the yet to be explored precursor link. But game wise and story wise it would be too soon to face the full force of the flood.
i was aware of the story since a week. And tbh while i am slightly disappointed with the new story arc, i think it lays an interesting path. Going the flood/precursor way would have been a bit too soon for the reclaimation saga. And lore wise it makes snse as well.
I say this because in lore the flood hits forreunners AND humans after each of the civilisation started claiming the mantle of responsibility (regardless of whether they achieved it in reality). In the forreunner trilogy the primordial as well talks about the flood returning as a test to humanity's claim of holding the mantle.
And in present scenario its clearly evident that humanity is not yet technologically advanced to deal with flood.
And secondly, what better way for humans to claim the mantle by truly controlling the AIs which even forrunners couldn't achieve. I think lore wise it can get very interesting.
That being said i can see why people are upset because on an AAA budget you would expect the campaign to be interesting enough already. Moreover i guess the way it has been executed also seems very cheesy. I hope the multiplayer and the execution of the story when i actually get to play the game is enough to overcome my slight disappointment
I actually agree with halo benefitting from destiny like MMO. Some of destiny's biggest complains I feel are: spending way too many hours trying to figure out the lore. And still getting nowhere. 
Way too much grinding out in multiplayer (which you reach after few levels in campaign). 
And the cost of the dlcs. Lets not even get there. 
Most of these complaints if not all are already strong points of halo. 
I haven't played halo 5, but from the way it looks I can say for sure that if 343i goes this way they can definitely pull it off. 
Ahh okay. I am from Qatar and when i asked the carriers here they just said coming soon.
Which part of Gulf are you in? 
Any idea when it's being launched in the gulf? 
Pending as well. 128gb aluminium. UK
still shows 3-5 nov though
Don't want to sound offensive or something. 
I understand getting rid of physical objects is like the starting point. But I also feel that the psychological change can more than cover up for it if you start from it. 
I have started collecting live action figures etc myself as well and I know for a fact that my friends see me playing on my console or watching football in my free time. The one way I have now decided to follow that balances both is making sure I try to restrict playing my games only when I am alone or if playing in presence of others then getting them more involved too (mostly I would let them play and fight etc and take a step back myself). 
Additionally, I like to cling on to objects even if linked to bad stuff. Not to remind me to the terrible reality. But to remind of how I coped with it and where I have come. 
You have a really cool collection and it would be wonderful if you can keep it. You can show that you have changed (to yourself as well) by your actions and your mentality. If you are still giving off few stuff I would be interested in the live action figures I guess. 
Not me. Although I would have loved to have splitscreen but it's not a deal breaker for me. Most of my friends are more into fifa when it comes to multiplayer so I would rather just play online and make new halo buddies :p
Like already mentioned, read the books. Especially the forerunners trilogy (also covered somewhat through Halo Origins anime on youtube) and Fall of Reach. Contact Harvest is about humanity's first contact with the aliens. 
Also follow r/halostory for any questions and discussion regarding the lore. 
And btw halopedia > halo nation, Wikipedia. 
They would be sent to the midnight facility. 
I am in UK. 
For everything else related to Google (play store etc.) I can access the UK sites. I even have my UK card set as default on Google wallet along with UK address
Can't open it. 
Keeps saying unavailable in your region. 
Any idea what problem exists? 
My payment option is UK based, so is my phone number and play store region. 
How do u preorder in UK? :/
Google store site says not available for your region. 
The nexus website says "coming soon" 
It will be an improvement but wonder how big of an improvement. 
I don't care a LOT about camera quality but turbo 1 was absolutely horrible. Always took 2 or 3 tries in getting a shot and even then it would have a plenty of noise. 
When you have phones like Sony, LG, and Samsung bring phones with such wonderful cameras I am sure the least other OEMs could do is at least make it good enough to be competitive. 
And let's not forget the horrible shambles of OS upgrade. Moto maxx (international version) has still not got 5.1. 
If this had OIS I would have been drooling all over it. Turbo1 had one of one the worst camera I have ever used in low light. 
Could be just me but these videos are creepy as fuck (especially when you put it at low volume). Its like one of those found footage horror movies n instead of seeing faces its mostly silhouettes n shadows.
Briiliant n nightmarish seriously
Me and my friends are thinking about it. Only day tickets left so hopefully don't get stuck in queues while day. 
Might be going on the 2nd or 3rd day to avoid the crowd. 
Can someone update on the situation and Halo 5 as well on the day of the event? 
Brilliant post. Quite agree with these points and I do believe that history will sort of repeat itself. The reason I agree and say sort of at the same time is because of what The Librarian says in Halo 4 terminals. Something to the tune of humanity continuing what the forerunners did but without making the same mistakes (A perfect case for your Advancement with diversity etc point). 

I have a funny feeling that halo 5 and possibly halo 6 as well will bring about great losses (greater than covenant) to humanity (especially the spartans probably the IVs) due to thier conflict with innies and maybe the didact as well that will fully tip the humanitys view on augmentations and spartan IIs.

Knew that Del Rio would be back.