Nah... If he was a true whale, he'd have a Blonia.
noob. /s
NA is poverty.  EU is just dead broke.

To continue with the analogy, EU players walk into a McDonalds to buy a McDouble and they don't even acknowledge you...  [EU servers right now](https://i.imgur.com/kPswUsz.jpg)
I've learned that taking a much more casual approach to this game has been very good for me.  I play when I can rather than forcing myself to burn unused stamina, play around with teams rather than trying to beat everything, and I've been NIAP for over two years.

The "NA poverty server" is a joke that gets thrown around a lot, but it's painfully true.  If you walked into a McDonalds and bought a McDouble for $1.39 at one cash register and a guy at the other cash register next to you buys a McDouble for $0.99 and he gets free fries, a drink and a parfait, simply because he paid at the other register are you going to be upset?  Hell yeah you are.  We all are.  
lol, you don't think bitcoin is manipulated?
Your first credit union was pretty shitty to be honest.  The one I'm at has always had an app, super easy to get a loan, and doesn't charge any fees.  I don't think you can throw out "Credit Unions are a mixed bag" based on just your experience.
Not calling OP a liar but I still feel like it's pretty easy to fake this though.  Buy 50 packs, roll a million times, sell trash, screenshot 7 stars and post online for everyone to drool over your "incredible luck." 

You realize that shortage on general practice doctors is intended to be that way, right?  

Medical schools, the AMA, hospitals, etc. are all working together to make sure doctors are scarce.  That allows them to maintain such high salaries after leaving school.  If they expanded admission rates and admitted more pre-med students, we wouldn't have that problem. But then, schools couldn't charge an insane amount for tuition etc. etc. etc.  It's all rigged.
Exactly what I was thinking.  Definitely another form of DRM.
I think the $2.5k mark is where I need to be. I know BenQ, Optoma, Vivitek, and Acer have some at that price point and they're not "true" 4k but I definitely don't want to spend $5k+ to get the baseline Sony.

I was hoping that CES might have a few new models that either push the price down of the current ones on the market or open up other options.
The one where people buy a ton of cool stuff with Bitcoin! Overstock.com.... uh... drugs and shady stuff... my illegal video streaming site...

Hmm.... guess there's not really an ecosystem.
How do you keep them offline if you're just using an exchange?  Sorry for the noob question. Haven't bought any bitcoin yet and trying to do my research.
LOL. Saw this pop up on /new right after Matt Ryan yelled that. I'm sure OP's post has NOTHING to do with that... (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
Uhh.... They're on a major crash and burn course right now. If they don't drastically improve next season, it's gonna be tough to get another decent TV deal with ESPN. Independence just isn't working.
Very true. Honestly this was more work for the prank than it is to do a quick cut and pull it off. Not the best way to serve justice.
The Lv.Max symbol is also blue.
Not amazing at all. That's Bethesda's MO for the past decade.
Debating the exact same thing since it's $200 off right now.
Newman? I think you meant Newell. Gaben is his most common nickname.
Hell hath no fury like a gamer scorned.
That's a little outdated. Not true anymore
It's not small.  Grawp took the picture.
there's a difference between "checking out" and straight up pervin' by staring.
Really?  I've heard a few about priests and young boys (which I find extremely inappropriate to joke about) but that's about it.
Uh... Who's gonna' enjoy jokes about child molestation pedo or not?  That's a terrible example.
A lot are mentally ill? Really? Like who?
Doubtful.  There's too many to keep track of for people to give a shit. 
Persecuted much?

There's crazy liberals and there's crazy conservatives, too.  Most people fall in the middle and I would hope that someone who proclaims to be conservative would at least take the higher ground and give everyone a fair shot to share their ideas before turning to name calling and whining about downvotes.  
I don't get it. So do you want to just be able to say *anything* on this sub and if anyone questions your specific train of thought, they get labeled as jobless nihilist liberals?
The only thing I would have changed is leading your questions with the BoM analysis with other texts. I know it might be a big deal to some people but for a lot of people it's kind of a reach.

I definitely think it's worth noting, but believers can easily dismiss it as something "anti" because of its origins. 

The closest thing to a "smoking gun" in my opinion is the Book of Abraham and the Kinderhook plates.  More people need to be aware of those details and is always something I go to first when discussing church history. 2/3 of the stuff JS translated is verifiably false. That's a huge deal.
I care. I'm thinking of switching from a Note 5 to the iPhone and screen size matters to me. I'm debating between the 8+ and the X so feedback from a user that has used bigger screens and bigger phones is important to me.
transspaceys
Of course it will.
No. Mormons believe that they have a living prophet who actively communicates with God. The current message, according to the Mormon prophet, is that God views gay people that act on their attraction to the same sex as sinners.

The Book of Mormon says nothing about homosexuality.
Gays are viewed as sinners and are excommunicated if they don't commit to a celibate life.  Even while celibate, they cannot hold any leadership roles.  

It is still actively taught that having homosexual tendencies/attractions is inherently wrong.  This is why there's such a huge problem with LGBT suicides among young people/teenagers within the church.
Women cannot hold the priesthood and therefore have minimal leadership roles within the church.  They've relaxed a little bit on dictating how a woman should live her life but there is definitely an "unwritten rule" that a woman's place is in the home raising children.
They do. That doesn't make them any less anti-gay, unfortunately.  

They do a lot to push PR to make it look like they're less harsh but the bottom-line is gay people are not welcome and viewed as sinners if they don't remain celibate.
Except for the whole anti-gay thing and not treating women equally, right? 
All of these quotes about how horrible kids are have got to be from parents with kids that are like 2 to 4 years old.  I honestly never liked the baby and toddler phase because it was so difficult and exhausting.  

Now that my kids are older (8 years old and up), I can't imagine why anyone would say things like "... if I could go back to how it was before." I have plenty of free time for myself with the bonus of having "younger friends" to do fun things with.  It keeps me young and I love spending time with them doing things I wouldn't normally do if all my friends were my age.

Kids are amazing but they do require a little work and effort.
Sorry. Forgot to purge the inactives in a while. Just deleted 25 to open up some spots
Equifux
Second this.  I just used 40 baby tamas and got 2 fully awakened guys (8 total awakenings between the two).  That's 20%.... Pissing me off.  I'm gonna' do a bunch more and see if it improves.
OP did forget "porn shoulders" though. If there's one thing this sub will upvote no matter what, it's "porn shoulders."
Yeah, I only ever check in here. Weird that they would rather prevent people from playing on a Tuesday night rather than a Wednesday morning. Surely they would have server data to know when their peak times are but what do I know? NA seems to like fucking with their customers.
Maintenance at 9:00 PM MST? Who at Gungho was dumb enough to schedule that? I just barely sat down to burn my full stamina 'cause I can only play for a little bit each day.  This has got to be like prime playing time for a lot of players in NA...

RIP +99 dungeon and all the other stuff I could have ran. 
It's actually the equivalent of a hashtag on twitter.  Still getting old, though.  We don't have to crosspost every damn thing to it's relevant subreddit.
Living a religion isn't dumb. I never said that. Blindly accepting everything that is mandated by a church's leadership isn't very healthy, though.  

The "Word of Wisdom" that these rules stem from is completely different in scripture than how it's practiced today.  Don't you think an omniscient God would get it right the first time or not even come up with such silly rules in the first place? It's akin to not allowing men to grow beards on BYU campus.  It's just a silly rule not rooted in any actual doctrine or scripture.
This was something we adopted recently. We bought a whole bunch of open faced bins for our closets and everything that can be stay messy/wrinkled is just sorted into the different bins (socks, underwear, undershirts, pajamas, etc.)  Now we just hang up shirts, fold pants and we're done. It's awesome.
https://i.imgur.com/DvhdZus.jpg
...which is dumb
You beat the game. Enough already.
With you on this one. If we delete the videos, this sub would have like 2 new posts a day.

My advice to OP: Stop checking this sub multiple times a day.  I check in maybe 2 or three times A WEEK.  The game is fun but there's not a lot to talk about. Just play it.
Best one I've seen in a while. I would love it if Zepto had included animations where chunks of your car and the weapons go flying when you get destroyed.  

It would be hilarious to see the different parts of the car come raining down in this gif.
I thought starting sentences with "But" wasn't generally accepted as okay.  There's also a million commas but it reads like you would say it out loud so I'm not sure...
Truth right here.  This is just the latest outrage on the internet right now.  People are pissed but give it a couple of weeks and nobody will be talking about it anymore.  Will people still be pissed off when the word "Equifax" crosses their mind? Yeah, but there's literally nothing any one person can do about it.  

The ONLY way to get rid of these companies is through a complete overhaul of our Social Security system which is not going to happen.  The US government moves at the speed of a glacier.

Equifax is gonna' get some sort of fine, class action lawsuit, slap on the wrist, etc. and move on doing exactly what they've been doing with ^hopefully a little tighter security down the road.

Or, you know, the rewards...

Not everybody with a credit card is financially irresponsible.
Point still stands. Even if it was a 7s it would still be an upgrade and a new phone. Nobody outside of Reddit and Apple forums care about naming schemes.

Plus, the only question that's going to be asked by the general masses now is, "Is it the X?"
So what's the catalyst this time?  Enlighten me.
WTF. I've now read this same thought 4 times in this thread alone.  Is everybody that's involved in Bitcoin also regulars over at Zerohedge or something?  What's up with this mindset that there's a huge economic crash coming soon?
Ironic, though, that they would post there because isn't everything posted lumped into a "catch-all" of bad/inappropriate?  Hence the subreddit name "I'm going to hell for this..."

So they recognize that their views are wrong because it's going to send them to hell, but they're all comfortable with that?  Not the smartest group...
Anubis' damage output combined with the recent releases to void all of the ridiculous mechanics that Gungho has been adding puts him at the top of the meta doesn't it?  His HP seems to be his only real weakness at this point...

EDIT: Just realized that the only way to pull all of that stuff off and still get the required combos is on a 7x6 board.  He would definitely not be the ideal choice on a 5x6 for this dungeon.


Same here. 361,663,205.  I'm finding leader Scheat to be super underrated.  

I've been playing her for a couple of days now and it's incredible.  She needs a bunch of different ways to bump her HP, but once you're around the 50k mark, she's pretty unstoppable.
http://i.imgur.com/cQ3yEh2.gif
Yes, because a country that prints its own currency can go bankrupt...
So he made a few jokes and he's a conservative/republican?  Yeah, what a shitty person...
Why is snitching considered an asshole thing to do if he's snitching on people that were breaking the law?  I've never understood that.

If somebody got caught in a human trafficking sting, would they be an asshole if they snitched on the other criminals and ended up saving a bunch of innocent people?
Just hold the orbs until they turn the color you want. JP streamers figured this out when it came out.
Geez bro. I was just discussing it because it actually affects the price of the projectors that I'm looking at.  The Optoma UHD65 vs. the Optoma UHD60 is $500 and one of the differences is the "smoothing" features that the projector uses. I know you can turn it off, but why pay $500 more for something I don't like and I'm going to turn off anyway?
Worked at the church office building. Can confirm.
Stuff like this gives me hope but I'm going on eight years here.  Sometimes you end up with a person that couldn't care less if it's true or not. Going to church is simply a social group and part of keeping extended family happy...
So when you watch that gif, the part where the ship crashes into the star destroyer doesn't look weird to you?  

To me, it looks completely fake to the point where it almost looks like these ships are suspended by fishing line or something.  I can't get over it.
I guess what I mean is that I don't like the motion smoothing that TVs and projectors have.  Its great for sports but it ruins movies for me.  
Yeah, the smoothness makes them look like toys to me.  Building a home theater right now and rethinking my options for displays.  I can't get used to the high FPS in movies.
B..b..but the mountains! Isn't that what we're comparing?!?
Loving the boulder dance, but WTF is going on with the whale?  Why would it levitate?
Shouldn't it be:

Girl in red = game I'm gonna' buy

Girl in blue = the game I just pirated

Games don't care if you play them or not if they got yo' dolla' bills.
Geez. You just gave me another reason to avoid it. I couldn't handle the stress.
The other thing that bothers me about Bitcoin is that it doesn't seem like it's been widely adopted as an actual currency.  I've seen a few retailers and websites that accept it but it seems like everybody is "investing" in it rather than using it.  A 5% drop could quickly turn into a disaster.
I don't know. 400,000 subscribers here at /r/investing with their tens of thousands that are invested could really move markets. 

The big Hedge Funds, Multi-National Banks, and the Federal Reserve would be wise to check in daily to monitor the shitposting.

EDIT: Janet Yellen literally just PM'd me to stop making fun of this sub.
LOL. Yeah, hardwoods are definitely one of those zero risk assets that we don't want to talk about in public.
> The last bubble was propped up by the idea that "housing prices don't go down"

Alongside extremely irresponsible lending and crazy stuff going on with MBSs, derivatives, and CMOs.  It was a perfect storm, not just a belief that housing prices don't go down.

I'd love to see your source that there is rampant speculation going on in the market today to "prop up the markets with the belief that stock prices don't go down."  I can pick individual stocks that are experiencing some over-speculation but I'm not seeing it market wide.
How is your comment and all the replies not deleted by the mods here?  This contributes nothing to the conversation and makes /r/Conservative look really childish.  
I'm okay with the bigger family.  They need to be protected and safe so the President can focus on his job.  The ***frequency*** of the travel and destinations are concerning.
I'd love to be enlightened on two things:

1. Assets that have no counterparty risk

2. The catalyst for your impending huge market downturn.
Most expensive karma of all time...
LOL. I knew it.  Usually small subreddits like this have really good communities. For some reason, this one attracted a bunch of whiners that have nothing better to do.
It was just in reference to the stupid drama surrounding /u/Solaito posting his YouTube videos on this sub while simultaneously being a moderator.  

I'm of the opinion that everyone should just post their stuff so we can enjoy them like the one here.  It was great!
In before all the shitlords come in and report you for posting your YouTube video to the sub...

Awesome video, though.  I never knew such hilarity could occur with a pyramid body.  I'm gonna' try it out when things get stale.
One season? What are you doing when you have your coat on that would wear it out that fast?  

I have a ski coat I bought for $120 that I've worn for six years now.  I use it for everything when I'm in the snow and it's still fine.
... and pad listener. :(

I know there's a workaround, but I suck at computers.
I rolled Scheat and can't figure out where to use her.  What teams are you putting her on?
Same here. I usually YOLO roll once in every collab just to see what I get and I actually rolled Voltron.  Hypered him because I was excited I actually got a really rare pull for once.  

Ran him a few times and quickly realized he severely needed time extends and an RCV multiplier to be useful.  Gathering virtual dust ever since. :(
Just throwing in a "me too" on this one. I posted last night that I was stuck in the same loop and got the response that I needed to uninstall and relink my account.  

Luckily, it worked and I'm good to go but I'm hesitant to do it on my sons Amazon Fire. I don't think Amazon has the same setup and he might lose his progress.
Huh. So what gives? I wonder why both my phone and my son's fire tablet aren't working then...

I originally thought it might just be a problem with my phone but /u/HockeyGuyNJ is still waiting and my son has the same problem.
PACK IT UP BOYS. NOTHING LEFT TO TALK ABOUT. GG
Agreed. If a soldier cut a bullet out of another guy's leg during combat is he now a surgeon?

I edited my post and made an attempt at the math.  They're probably only making like $0.50 off of every rental so it's not a ton of money but it also shows that to provide the service doesn't cost very much either.  

I mean, my tithing alone could pay for a couple of washers and dryers and pants.
This was the main reason for my question.  I realize if they are making money off of the rentals, it's probably not very much.  However, the fact that they charge you money to rent clothes even though the fact that you're there means you're a full tithe payer never sat right with me.  

Like, really?  My $6k/year in tithing can't cover the cost of some pants?
You wouldn't understand...
the feels... doing the same thing here too.  

After 4 years, it's just a habit now.  Log in, collect stones and easy 30 second stuff, don't touch the game the rest of the day and check this sub like 6 times each day for announcements.
Don't forget the part where he's also Making America Great Again!  Surely he's squeezing that in somewhere between all the drama, right? Right?
Kind of a dickish thing to say, don't you think? 

Do you think /r/hardware is some sort of secluded subreddit that these guys will never read?  Would you say that to his face?
As a CM major working for a large commercial construction company, here's the one best tip I can give you:

The bigger the company, the more stable the job.  Bigger companies can weather the ups and downs of the economy.  Most of these comments in this thread aren't from guys working in an office every day.  
It's because you've got guys that come from the field that think, "I could make more money just running my own company" and they take a few guys with them and do their own thing for awhile.  Then they realize they're not really cut out for all the paperwork and management and it gets ugly really fast.  
Stop the press. Assembling cheese team immediately.
I don't know how you guys do this to yourselves.  

If you were at an amusement park and there was a 4 hour long line to get a free cookie, would you stand in it? Personally, I'd say, "Screw that, there's lots of other things I'd rather do than stand in that line." 

To each their own, but stalling for 999 turns to get a dragon killer latent is not high on my priority list.
Challenge accepted
Missed opportunity for "Dunk n' Driving"
...or a six pack when you're deathly skinny
...but now that stuff is done, the next few nights should be fairly easy, right?  You don't mow the lawn and go shopping every night.
*laugh track*
Ha! My first thought was, "This took a lot of effort. This guy's probably crushing on SunJuan to spend so much time putting this together."

Got to the end and saw "HIS" and was instantly LMAO.  

Great video to go along with a great guide.  Definitely need more of this around here.
There's an easy way to do it through the Play Store if you're on Android. 
I honestly don't think that the Republicans have.  That's the point of my comment.  

Even if they *did* bring something legitimately good for the American people to the table, I honestly don't think Democrats would support it.  It would make the Republicans "look good" and we just can't have that apparently.  

That's the whole reason Congress is setting records for being the *least* productive in history lately.
Throwing an upvote your way even though it's not the popular opinion here on Reddit.  People only care about if their team appears to be "winning" and nothing ends up getting done.  

Legitimately good legislation will get shit on by both sides simply because it came from the opposing party.  
Ah... NYC explains it.  Still blowing my mind that you spend/eat that much and you're only 170.  You must move around a lot during the day?  I'm a pencil pusher at work so I'm pretty sedentary.
Are you eating tons of expensive vegetables or something?!? I'm 6'-8" and 250 lbs. and I don't come close to that on any given day.

No breakfast

Lunch = $10

Dinner = Cooking at home (probably in the ball park of $10-12 as well)
For all the newcomers searching for some discussion on this topic, there's some comedy gold in this thread below.
Even if you could get him in with a few packs (which is extremely unlikely) would you still stay $120-$180 for Diablos was worth it?  Hell no.

If you can get him with the free roll or the stones that you've saved, that's the way to play in my opinion.
It's NEVER worth it. In 3-4 months there's going to be something that overshadows Diablos (*4 gentlemen evos maybe?*) and he'll become just another box cheerleader.  Plus, you can beat the entire game's content without him. 

Throw in the fact that his active skill isn't that great so there's not much use for him as a sub.  

People can spend their money how they like but there's NO WAY I'd spend any money chasing that thing.
Same here. Anubis is so ridiculously easy with my 14.5 second team of:

RAnubis / RYomi / RHaku / Romia / Indra / RAnubis 

It's all Anubis' fault  for all of the crazy gimmick mechanics in this game though (absorb, resist, etc.)
A 5 hour guerrilla dungeon? I've played for almost 4 years and never heard of that...
Agreed.  Awakening a few of my Andromeda's have totally knocked out my supply for the green and blue jewels.  I have plenty of red, though, and would gladly trade.

It's just stupid that if you miss that hour window to run Spirit Jewel Rush, you're screwed for like 3-4 weeks before it shows back up again.
I absolutely mourn it. For selfish reasons though.

I fully believe JS would have continued to escalate his megalomania to make it extremely obvious the guy was not communicating directly with God. More women, declaring himself King, rising debt, etc. The whole thing was like a firework of complete craziness that fizzled out before it could explode because JS was killed. Shit was really starting to hit the fan and his death was the easy way out in my opinion.

I don't think we'd have the current Mormon church today as we know it.
It could just be that he loves attention (which he has stated himself).  Regardless of the intent, it's not very professional.  Just imagine if Trump quietly ignored a bunch of the crap that's plastered all over about him and then when questioned about it he could totally act like he didn't know anything about what so-and-so said.  

I think that's the biggest "mic drop" he could pull would be to make everybody seem insignificant to his day to day routine and his mission.  That's the kind of behavior that would seem appropriate from the leader of one of the top countries in the world. More of a "I'm busy running this planet, who the hell is Mika?" kind of an attitude.
Kanushi seems like a good way to nick his name.
On the planet? Really?

Was he going to mass murder a bunch of people with his fists?
Sadly, a new meta lead is just an easier way to clear everything you've already cleared. Challenge dungeons even start to feel like a chore when the only rewards are piis.
Two rules to making shitty puns with girls on Tinder

1. Be attractive
2. Don't be unattractive

I thought this was /r/cringe too as I was reading the texts.  
What's your source on that?
Go through [this list](https://www.digitalmusicnews.com/2016/06/21/items-discovered-police-michael-jackson/) and see if that's even remotely close to a naked cherub statue.  
Are you really trying to compare your experience to a 35 year old man sharing a bed with young boys?  Do you have child porn around your house and think it's not that big of a deal too?
You believe "no diddling occured" based on what? Sleepovers with young boys and a house filled with multiple books of child porn?  Yeah... Totally innocent.

This whole thread is being brigaded with MJ fans/sympathizers. It's sickening.
This whole thread is just blowing my mind. Like WTF is going on here? I had no idea so many people loved Michael Jackson here on Reddit.  We all act like this place is some moral bastion of society and we've got multiple people justifying a 35 year old dude having "sleepovers" with young boys.  

I'm gonna' go ahead and side with what was presented and decided in A COURT OF LAW versus a bunch of random internet strangers claiming they know better.  Holy shit this is truly the "misinformation age."
A BITCHING/MEME THREAD THAT'S NOT IN ALL CAPS!!!  MODS DO YOU EVEN REDDIT?!?

Anywho... My rants to the throw in the thread (even though I'm loving 3P) are as follows:

1.  True damage people?  Bring somebody or inherit that shit.
2.  BURST.  3P arena does not end with LKali/DKali.  LMeta and Dmeta are different.
3.  DAMN YOU GUNGHO for only including "Nice!" as an option to communicate in the dungeon.  I want a "Use an active!" "Pass!" and "Stall!" button at the very least.



Just happened to me. Got to the PreDra floor and both players running Anubis were dropping actives like crazy trying to burst them.  Finally came to me and I just popped my Lumiel inherit and moved forward.
/r/PlanetCoasterCreations ?
As a guy in his mid-30s, I think it's time for me to step away from this game and this sub...
That's an expensive hobby. You should start collecting coins and bills if you get addicted to that stuff.  At the end of the day, they're actually worth something. :D

Good luck though!  Gotta' catch 'em all!
Late to the game but I've seen a few people mention this and I don't understand it.  Why don't you just look at the art online and save yourself money?  You're probably never going to use them in game.
Rank 563 and 1446 days played. Grinding sucks so I only do it when I have to.  I've got other things to do besides play PAD for hours a day.
Eh... That attitude could seem kind of dickish if you don't communicate what's going on in your head.  

If you tell them up front, "I was gonna' order X, is that okay?" and be genuine about it, that'd be cool. However, if you just assume in your head "I'm gonna' order the most expensive thing on the menu and they better be okay about it 'cause they offered to pay" that's where you're entering the "dick move" territory.  

Not calling you a dick but if I offered to pay for lunch/dinner and they chose the most expensive thing, I'd be pissed off even though I'd probably pay for it and act like I'm okay with it.
I've been watching this one because their start was pretty similar to Facebook.  Everybody was screaming that Facebook was overvalued and that only suckers were jumping in.  

If you bought at $38/share on opening day when everybody was saying what a terrible IPO it was (especially here on Reddit) and you held your shares, you'd be pretty happy today.  It took Facebook a while to get rolling but there's not denying that Facebook is pretty much an integral part to a lot of people's lives.

Snapchat is a different animal, though.  Instagram easily added "stories" to compete and it doesn't seem like they're making strides into different avenues of revenue.  Twitter is also a huge competitor and seems to be the app that everybody turns to for quick blurbs or stuff to share while Instagram is more of a "brand" thing since it's permanent.

Not sure where Snapchat is headed but it's interesting to watch.
You posted a question and people are giving you straight answers, here.  Just because you paid a decent amount of money for your PC doesn't mean every game you throw at it is gonna' run smoothly.  That's the nature of PC gaming. 

If your PC still can't handle 6,000 visitors then lower it to 3,000 and tweak it from there.  
There's a small part of me that's kind of disappointed I can't. PlanetCoaster is one my all-time favorite games.  If I can throw ~~many~~ money at Frontier to ensure they keep rolling out more content, I'm more than willing.  

Waterpark/underwater stuff and more rides are stuff they should be pumping out since the Workshop is full of themes/decor.
A whole new meaning to the word "trench"
Tell that to my neighbors daughter who is paralyzed from bouncing off of a trampoline and falling on her head.  

So many anecdotes in this thread...  Trampoline nets were added for a reason guys.  Just because your kids were fine doesn't mean ALL kids will be fine.  SMH
Ugh... I thought doing 2 YomiDras were annoying. I can't even imagine 3 ragdras.
Not everyone had the hours (or the patience) to grind Legendary Earth for all that XP.  I leveled up what I could, but I've got like 10-11 new revos since then.  That's at least 160 million XP just for the new ones.
I keep seeing these end up on /r/all. This sub used to be about people having funny mild accidents and now it's just filled with over-exaggerated titles with weirdly capitalized letters and gifs of random shit. 

Filtering this out of my feed. Peace out.
Are you asking me or OP? I'm not that hardcore. His phone shows 3:44 AM.
It's actually not "months of gains." NVDA just skyrocketed in the past 6 weeks.  The jump from 100 to 160 definitely had a lot speculation tied to it.
So you bought back in December and you waited 4-1/2 months with hardly any movement and then struck it rich over the past 6 weeks and you're not concerned about an 8% drop in a few hours?  Classic blow-off top IMO.

You got balls, I'll give you that.
Wow... /u/Draiko definitely eating his hat today.
Andrew at Citron is citing Google but I don't think it's very rational to be afraid of what Google can accomplish.  Sure they have a ton of money to throw at projects but they seem to stumble and bumble their way around new ideas and markets frequently.

I'm with you on Intel and IBM for AI.  They seem to be headed in the right direction with this stuff and are marketing themselves heavily as the frontrunner.


Do you think Andrew Left is incorrect then? I'm assuming you are since your telling people to buy today. What makes you think he's wrong?
What's the importance of 168? I'm out of the loop here a little bit.
I was referring to the information that we currently have as "nothing major." 

I think there's more to the story but we don't have that info yet. Trump is still gonna' Trump and, to me, that's scary but there's nothing we can do about it.
I'm not saying I'm okay with it. I'm just saying that it's pretty hypocritical for us to be pissed off about Russia doing this stuff to us while we allow our own country to do it to others.  

Change needs to happen here before we start pointing fingers at other countries.
I'm not ignoring them. I'm just saying that I don't think it's reached the level where we have anything substantial to make huge changes to the status quo.  It's actually pissing me off, to be honest.
I'm not giving him a pass. I think he's unfit to be a President of ANY country.  I'm just saying that Trump's gonna' Trump whether we like it or not.
Staying up until 4:00 AM to get that sweet sweet karma.

Dedication right here. You should record some runs and let us see how that team works out.
True. It's something the US has actively done throughout history though, so we can't be too up in arms. 

The more I read about this throughout the day, the more I'm realizing this is a huge mess about nothing major. It's Trump running the executive branch much like he's run his business and he doesn't seem to understand how things work. It seems Comey got caught in the crossfire of Trump's mismanagement and Russia is just being Russia.
We've been doing that to ourselves for a long time. The red team vs. the blue team has hurt this country far more than Russia ever could. 

Every issue gets politicized now. Team Red doesn't care about the planet, team blue wants to give everything away for free.... It's so tiring. 

There's no discussion anymore of "what's best for America" even though campaigns disguise themselves to be that way. As soon as a politician gets elected, they fall back in line with party politics.
Is Trump really trying to tear down the FBI? How did you infer that?
> unlike the intel briefing, he himself is 100% sure Russia interfered in the election and that it was directed by the senior Russian government

However, you forgot the following point that they also later asked Comey if he was confident that the election results had not been altered as a result of Russian interference and he agreed.

I'm not a big fan of Trump but you can't ignore that point that the American People did elect Trump without Russian influence.  I don't really know how I feel about that...
Because nobody cares if you got 10 combos and killed the little 265 hp dublits with 30 million damage if it takes forever.  That's a terrible way to "show off"
... That's exactly what I'm afraid of and the point of the "rant." 

I'm hoping more people play the 3P co-op and having farming dungeons turn into grueling 12-15 minute runs is going to prevent people from running them.
Turning a quick farming dungeon into a 12 minute run because I'm stuck with Anubis partners isn't very fun. Just saying...

I've been really excited for 3P mode and have enjoyed it outside of that thus far.  I think it's a really cool update to the game so I'm trying to get the word out that these types of things might be ruining the experience for others.  I'm not against people running difficult combo leads but it's strictly showing off in an evo dungeon.
Should be:

Taaaaaaaaaaaake oooooooooooon meeeeeeeeee! ^Take ^on ^me!

Taaaaaaaaaaaake [Mion!](http://imgur.com/a/EPsXk)
The YouTube videos on this build were amazing. You guys did an incredible job.  Great to see that others can enjoy this thing.
Replying and upvoting your comment now. Double shot of dopamine for you.  
I think you meant accumulate.  "cumulate" sounds like something orgasmic...
Upvoted. Communicating like we're in /r/rarepuppers or /r/sneks can fuck right off. 
The angel Moroni statues on the temple cost $60k and that's reusing the mold that was made a long time ago. $125k for a completely new statue/piece of art is easily possible.

People just don't realize how expensive commercial construction can be. Temples, churches, and facility maintenance are a huge source of capital expenses for the church.
Gotcha. I thought there was some future update I didn't know about that involved leveling up scrubs. Didn't want to miss out.
Late the party here, but I feel like they filmed this with the intent of making her look even taller.  A bunch of the shots are from angles below her so it makes her look bigger. 
Ever had that awkward moment when there's another tall person in the stall next to you and you stand up and lock eyes? 

Nothing beats awkward like seeing some other dude a few feet away and you know you both have your pants down and you're both busy ass wiping...  
Goddamn shrimp. Get on my level. Do you even height?
Huh. I've never heard that it was a meme. 
Nah. I'm 6'-8" so a guy that's 6'-7" would be a manlet to me. That doesn't make sense.

A manlet is a guy that's just really short/small. Think Danny DeVito.


Am I missing something here? What's the point?

I got my best characters up to LV40 and beat everything in the game so I don't really play anymore outside of collecting orbs.  Is getting all the characters to LV40 going to help in some way?
This is my general philosophy. I save most of my stones and do one YOLO roll per collab/special REM.  I mostly get trash but at least I don't have an entire box filled with trash because I can't control myself.
http://imgur.com/ldh0hPT
Good call. I forgot there's an answer to every problem in Arena these days. ez game, ez life
Sopdet skyfall. You dead.
I don't want two companies providing the same product....

Literally rejecting the definition of competition. Do you work for Comcast?
You want full blown journalism from a videogame blog?  That's pretty high expectations.
Being locked into one platform isn't silly?
Did you read the article? It links to tons of sources that show Valve dicking it's customers left and right. 

As a big fan of Valve and Steam, this whole thing was really eye opening. I had no clue a lot of this stuff had happened and left kind of a bad taste in my mouth.
I absolutely would recommend it.  I have 18 hours on record and bought it for $20 as well.  That $1/hr threshold is where I usually try and land with videogames.

Keep in mind that you *will* hit a "content wall" where's simply nothing left to do except what's left to your imagination and there's no way to "beat" the game so if isn't your thing, you may want to wait and see what happens with this thing.
I got a Kirin and Kali today too.  I was never expecting to get them, but with the amount of PAL point rolls I rolled today, the odds were in my favor.
He got exactly what he wanted too!
Was your mom like, "What the hell is this game your playing? Why doesn't that girl have any pants on?"
I guess we'll just have to agree to disagree then. ;)

It's looking like my opinion isn't very popular on this sub, though.  I'd rather have a bunch of posts talking about different aspects of the game because mega-threads just get so convoluted.  

We only get major updates every once in a while so why is it so bad to blast the front page with that stuff?  It calms down after a day or so and then it's back to having nothing to talk about until the next major event which can be weeks at a time.
Agreed. Complaining about PSAs that spark a little discussion about the new features is stupid. I'll take those posts any day over all the memes, rank 1000 box tours, and some random "My first awoken card!" that's all over this sub.

Not sure why the mods haven't told iizaya to STFU about this. His "I rolled a million times guys, look at all the disposable income I have" aren't any better. 

I actually think the mods do a great job around here. Check out the FE:H sub to see shit posting running rampant. I can't stand that place.


This is basically what I'm doing except folder 1 also has cards that need XP as well.

1 -> +297 fodder and cards that need XP

2 -> Evo cards

It really keeps things clean for farming and leveling stuff (which is like 95% of this game)
Ah yeah! That was you! I scaled waaaay back on my PAD subscriptions about a year ago and I probably dropped you then, but your videos were pretty entertaining to watch.
You wouldn't happen to have a YouTube channel would you?  I used to subscribe to a channel that ran a full Kush team way back in the day.  
Agreed. Losting thongs is the worst ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Late to the game here but I've been searching for over an hour and can't find anything. This post currently has 50k upvotes and there's like 6 comments in this entire thread that would like to see a source... Fucking Reddit.
Where can I read about phase 2 and 3?
The thing I'm worried about with rKushi is that I don't have the same skills as the people posting YouTube videos of her.  They're all really good at getting consistent 7 combos on almost every board and I don't think I'm there.  

I usually get 5 or 6 and heavily rely on skyfall for the extra combos.  With rKushi, she's not very forgiving if you're not skilled.
Looks like that news of the heart column causing 1 extra damage might make Voltron a little bit more valuable.
Did one YOLO roll like I do with every collab.  Of all the collabs over the years, this was the one I was least interested in and I got the rarest card... Voltron.  Why couldn't this happen to me on Bleach?
Late to the party but it's still on the main page for me.  This sub cranks shitpostings, memes and fanart to 11 for some reason.  

I've logged in to the game a few times and gotten 10 or 20 orb login bonuses and I think, "I'll go see how every feels about this awesome surprise" only to find zero discussion about the game and shitposts everywhere. 
Letting Obamacare implode is toying with people's lives. Healthcare in this country shouldn't be some chess match between parties. 
/r/BetterEveryLoop 

Seriously. Chick holding her breath, guy munching on cereal, abnormally small faced blond dude, guy wiping his nose as a dance move.  Mormons be crazy.
I've spent $12 on the game to have an extra 5 hero pull but I can't imagine spending more than that simply because of the lack of content.  I'm completely out of things to do other than max leveling the lower tier stuff that I've got, but why would I do that?  Trash tier is still trash at level 40 and grinding for the sake of grinding is dumb.  There's a ton of other games to play.
Same here. I actually have the "current" SS tier heroes (Azura, Hector, and Takumi) from my free pulls and haven't spent a dime.

I actually feel bad for that dude that spend $4k chasing Hector. :(
Realized this as well.  FEH releasing? Here's all the content you guys have been whining about for the past 6 months...

People keep attributing the lack of bonuses on NA to less revenue when, in fact, it really just comes down to mobile game competition.  JP has a ton of competition and they keep players coming back by handing out all these bonuses.  Until FEH, P&D didn't really have anything like it in NA.
Michael Jordan says hello
I'm a long time player of Puzzle and Dragons (~3 years) and after $2k spent on that game, I never had this kind of luck. I guess it's karma for all the money spent for little reward.
Yes... let's all wait until these diseases are ravaging the planet before we research and develop a cure.
Geez...  I guess the Reddit hivemind has chosen to disagree with you. 

I'm on your side.  I've gone through some serious shit in my life and never once turned to drugs to escape my problems.  Anecdotal, yes, but to claim that all addicts are simply victims of their circumstances and "mentally ill" is just [edit] crazy.  Sorry automods...
... and simply live another day to do more drugs.  

It sounds insensitive but making overdoses less risky isn't going to solve a persons drug habit. We need better ways to treat addiction.
Best write-up I've seen to answer this question is on Setsu's blog.

https://setsupad.wordpress.com/2017/01/19/quick-thoughts-on-dathena-in-the-mp-shop/
It's actually the only reason I started looking into it as well. I've always known I have good subs for her, I just couldn't justify the 750k MP.  Now that we're getting 390k for free, I'm on board.
Nice. Haku has the better awakenings, but Sima Yi's active skill is way better.  I would imagine that 7 combos wouldn't be too difficult to hit either with all the board changers on the team.
Reco ran with a DKanna in lieu of the second Haku which seems like another good variation.

[YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBUnqyxhoNM&t=28s)
The only thing I don't like about Durga is her active skill reducing your HP down to 1.  If I need burst damage, I'd rather not have to worry about simultaneously healing as well.
Miraculously, I have every single one of these subs that Game8 has listed but I wanted to see if anyone has some input on whether or not this really is the most well-rounded team.

I know that NA hasn't gotten her yet, but there seems to be quite a few JP server players on here that might have had more experience thus far.
Maybe we could just stop all murderers from murdering! Make it happen Trump! MAGA!
Mad about the amount of shitposts. Posts a shitpost...


I actually totally agree with this change.  I've been playing Kaede and Myr since they were released in NA and Kaede simply has to have an almost ideal board to hit her full damage potential. That's 5 hearts for a cross and 16 green orbs for (3) 2-prong attacks.  That's only 9 orbs left on the board that can be wasted orbs.

If you don't have a full team of Kaedes (which I don't) it's hard to consistently get that almost ideal board.  Most often I simply activate the heart cross along with 2 sets of green matches because I just can't get those last remaining 4-6 orbs that I need for a full damage multiplier.  Plus, you really start to notice how many fire enemies and bosses that Gungho loves to put in the dungeons (which is why Minerva is a higher tier) and Kaede gets that instant 1/2 off of her multiplier.

Don't get me wrong, she's still plenty powerful but an experienced player without an ideal team will still struggle to stay consistent.
The combination of the shit-tier server hate and realizing how much money I had spent over 2 years really pushed me over the edge to cut off all spending. I've now played for over 3 years and still cringe at the thought of spending over $400 in one godfest chasing AA Lucifer back when he was the most sought after card and getting golems and farmable crap out of the REM.

Over the years, people keep repeating the same excuse that the JP server rakes in more money so they deserve better rewards and a better experience and here I am having spent $2,000 fucking dollars on the game and still feel like a trash-tier customer.

Just keep in mind that literally NOTHING in this game is worth chasing because in 6 months the game is going to be totally different.
That was another reason. The last thing I chased was Okuni to complete the "ideal" YomiDra Arena 1 team.  Now, we've got arena 3 and a whole new meta.  It's just not worth spending tons of money to chase the latest and greatest.
You just went full Seuss... Never go full Seuss.
I'm not guaranteeing it, I'm just saying that Gungho can just completely ignore the outrage like they've done with LMeta and never buff her.  

Even if they do give her a buff, is it going to be a complete game changer and usher in a new meta?  No.  Like I said, she's a 5* GFE which means they're probably going to buff her multipliers, stats, and add a few awakenings.  Does a buff like that justify the amount of bitching that's on this sub constantly? No.
lol this sub... Tons of new stuff added to the game and the top comment is no Satsuki.  

Give it a rest everybody.  She's a 5* GFE that could easily just end up going the way of Zhuge Liang or Guan Yu.
It's posts like these that show what an extremely horrible job Gungho has done to explain its own game to new players. 

Totally not your fault OP. I did the same thing when I first started and had to completely start over and lost a couple weeks worth of progress. The game is now over 4 years old and Gungho still hasn't provided proper in-game information and instructions. 

In my opinion, it's the single biggest reason this game hasn't grown more in NA. People download it, play a bit and get stuck so they uninstall.
ChoppedChef is now confirmed to be Antonio. It all makes so much sense now
I swear every whale post has this same goddamn joke. 
Same here. Strictly Android user and got an iPad from work because the "higher ups" think that iPads are useful for work. ^lol

Before a long road trip I tried dumping a bunch of movies onto the iPad through Itunes and had the most frustrating experience trying to get 20 movies onto the device.  Itunes is the single biggest factor that keeps me away from any apple device.
Maybe he's on it right now?
I blew multiple bursts of air out of my nose so I've got to hand it to him.  It was a pretty good joke.
I've got a hypermax Kaede with 2 SDR and max skilled Facet inherit.  I run her quite often so she's not in slot 1.

361,663,205
Count Blount
Those were dark days. I wish future me could go back and slap me in the face for buying stones at all.  That was such a ripoff.  

Now that I'm thinking about, this whole game is really a ripoff if you get sucked in. I stopped IAP last year after it was becoming more and more obvious that Gungho was just cash grabbing.  So many GFE's and meta shifts that I just stopped trying to keep up with it.  

I'm way more casual now and still enjoy the game but I stopped giving a shit if I'm beating top-tier content. I have a feeling some of these heavy spenders on this sub are gonna' hit some huge buyer's remorse down the road.
Those tires tho
We get it bro. You spend a lot of time and money on this game.
As a late game player that's been bored with the game for months now, I actually wish they would have made me unlock the stuff after the update rather than just giving me a ton of stuff.  

Not complaining, though.  Free stuff is always welcome, but I'm thirsty for more content.
Hit the "Others" Tab and select the green "Quest" button.  It's a bunch of stuff like achievements that give you rewards through the mail.
Because it's a freakin' copy/paste.  Why is that so difficult to understand?

I paid full price for the mountains, trees, story, characters, etc. in Far Cry 4.  If they want to reuse assets to keep their costs down, then I'm fully entitled to wait until the game is cheaper to keep my costs down.

It's just stupid to argue in favor of the game developers keeping their costs down and turn around and ask gamers why it's ridiculous to do the same.
It matters to me.  Just means that I won't buy it for full price and I'll wait like a year and buy it when it's $10 on a Steam sale.
I'd like to know this as well.  I'm leaning towards Sling TV because the "Blue Channel" package has NBC included but it would set me back $25 for that month that I'd be watching. 
I'm sure Jerry's return has nothing to do with the recent Reddit policy change that text posts will now receive karma...

I've had a few posts deleted by the mods that weren't "approved content" so it'll be interesting to see how they handle this.
Good to hear.  Reading all the comments in the thread is helping me realize I need a little bit more practice with him.  

Do you mind sharing what You Yu team you run with for Arena? 
Faster than ShivaDra?  I'm not seeing it.  Needing that one blue enhanced orb slows him down.  It was the same thing with YomiDra.
I think I've heard that like 6 times.
Ah... You're right. Those numbers would definitely be skewed but the other floors do show his potential for damage output which is still pretty crazy high.
Off of just Australis' active, too.  With the amount of orb changers that team is running, you could get ~6 floors of similar burst damage and overkill everything.  

Skill bind resist is still the biggest problem, though. I think I'd run:

Liu Bei / Australis / Perseus / Spica / Avalon Drake / Liu Bei
Used piis on him. No regrets. In fact, I've been only relying on piis for like 8 months now. The skill up system in this game is the thing I hate the most so I just ignore it. 

If you stop worrying about what's most efficient with piis and just focus on skilling up cards that you use on teams it's fairly easy to skill up your most used teams fairly quickly with zero frustration.
The mods and streamers surrounding PAD have like this weird inside way of communicating. Every time these posts come up the threads are filled with inside jokes and twitch jargon. 

I know you guys are just going to go on doing what you do, but from an outsiders perspective it's really strange. Why don't you guys just PM each other?
Not literally useless outside of button farming.  I still toss him on my Shivagon team from time to time when I really don't want to have to deal with high defense trash mobs.  Much quicker to pop his active and make a quick match and let the poison do the rest.
Damn dude. Somebody goes off and creates this free website to help people pair up for multiplayer and you decide to shit all over it. Woke up on the wrong side of the bed or something? 

It's not like he's trying to take over discord or anything. Just providing an alternative. Jesus...
Not sure why you were downvoted.  Even this subreddit has seen a noticeable decline in recent months and JP is well ahead of us.  I constantly remove a bunch of friends that have stopped playing from my list and even I only log in maybe once a day.  

PAD will definitely go down in history as one of the most entertaining and addicting games I've ever played but you'd be crazy to think it is as popular as it was 1-2 years ago.
Wow. What a tirade.  I'm not going to waste a ton of my time responding to your semi-coherent post.  [Trump literally wants to ban all Muslim immigrants from entering the country.](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/12/donald-trumps-call-to-ban-muslim-immigrants/419298/)  Is that good enough for you?




The comment Bisuboy replied to already did.  

> ...big charismatic leader making vague promises to restore the nation to it's former economic glory with a vague yet certain hatred for minority groups drawing in thousands of people to rallies.

If Trump was elected and down the road said, "Let's take care of those pesky Muslims once and for all" and declare war on the Middle East in the interest of "National Security" or to "Make America Great Again," it's scary to think that how many people would be okay with that.
But an iPhone/smartphone has way more functionality than a VR headset. You need a phone a lot more than you need a cool new monitor to function in today's society. 

Plus, if you can't afford the high end phones, there's cheaper options. If you want more affordable VR, you're out of luck.  How are we supposed to "quit whining and enjoy VR" when it's Oculus' fault we don't have it in our hands?
Yomi is obviously there to cover dark and the "Change the World" active is perfect for the Zeus burst.  Not sure on Amon.  Probably just to cover blue.
The attacking team has 2 subs with machine killer awakening (Yomi and Amon) so they're doing 3 times more damage because the whole floor is filled with machines.
But who's going to run a descend 3,000 times?  Even if you can do it in one minute per run, that's 50 hours of mind numbing button pressing.  Sounds like a ton of fun...
Same here.  I guess I can do as many as Awoken Pandora will allow with her larger HP pool.  I just hate the idea of screwing up a challenge dungeon run with random strangers who are depending on me. I don't have any "IRL" friends that play the game.
Same here.  Beat the dungeons for the stone and now waiting for 2x drop. :'(

I'm lovin' it?
What if it's simply to get people off of LoL and hop on Paragon?  Not a bad strategy if you ask me.  They've probably milked LoL and there's a lot more money to be made with an entirely new game.
But it's okay to throw a blanket statement that people that are less than rank 250 don't know what they're talking about or that their opinion is invalid? Fuck that.

This subreddit is turning into one big P&D "celebrity" circlejerk. Somebody posts their 1000 day box tour showcasing how they've spent the equivalent of a mortgage down payment and everybody loses their collective minds.  

Spending a ridiculous amount of money on a fucking mobile game is not something to be admired.  Let the downvotes stream for being truthful.
Most people get paid on the 1st of the month and middle of the month.  Gungho takes advantage of this by having Godfests in the same time period
I like this.  If you manage to activate Fenrir's leader skill, it simply auto-kills any enemy.  
Temples cost on average $70 MIL so $280 MIL just for some buildings. I'm sure Jesus would be totally cool with that.
So mad right now. What bullshit. What about all the fucking missionaries that died in the past few years? Where was God then?
They said the same thing last conference but were better prepared because they knew it was coming. Looks like they weren't anticipating a repeat.
This was my experience as well when I worked in the facilities departments. They have a government type system of use it or lose it so the facilities people come up with all kinds of unnecessary projects so their budget stays inflated. 

I absolutely lost my testimony of tithing while working there. So much waste with nobody really having any control to stop it because financial stuff is even hidden from employees. It's an absolute mess.
Got rid of them a long time ago because cost restricted dungeons are stupid.  No regrets and no blue snow globe for me.  Who cares, though?  It's not like XP is hard to come by.
I've been to both church and prison. If I had to be locked up in one of them, I'd definitely pick prison.  The church would probably have better food but at least in prison you wouldn't have to constantly play make believe.
I see this in almost every subreddit.  Dota2 players are everywhere.
I've been doing that all week.  Saw 1 badpy in about 45 runs with no drop.
This. Linka is another example that stuff *can* come quickly to NA. So where's all the shit that we actually do want?
Last time I tried, I had a hard time leveling my stuff because the exp dungeons were at like 1:00 AM to 9:00 AM. I can't play at those hours so it seemed slow. That was about a year ago though. Maybe I'll give it another try.
It's not *just* this, though. I'm pissed this morning because I needed one more badpy to max skill my YomiDra and now I've got to deal with yet *another* C10 to get one.

Aside from this morning, the salt has already piled up and I've just reached a point to where I'm done. The rewards that JP gets, the Arena 2.0 switch before we got dark resists, etc. etc. etc. has just been too much.
In the past, I've defended Antonio and Michael for the grammatical errors, the clunky and awkward streams, and the slow rollouts of content, but this is the last straw for me.

Gungho NA are either are ridiculously incompetent at their jobs, or they're intentionally fucking with their playerbase. I'm going to assume the latter because how stupid would you have to be to get challenge dungeon rewards wrong?  
Exact reason I'm here. Got the stupid Woodpy in the mail and instantly checked Reddit. I'm so tired of the NA server.
I've seen a clear of YomiDra / YomiDra / Eschamali / Okuni / Masterion  /YomiDra but I'm not sure how reliable it is.
I don't think you can get through number 3 without lying. It's a straightforward question and they're not asking for your opinion. If you answer "yes" but you don't really believe, that's lying. There's no other way to slice it.

I know we're all about defending truth, following our conscience, and being open and honest on this subreddit but I'm not afraid to admit I lied my ass off to get a temple recommend. Let's not twist meanings and word play with this stuff because that's exactly what we hate the church for. 

I don't owe the church shit but it's not good timing for me to go all apostate on my family so I'll decide what's best. The temple is a bunch of bullshit anyway. If the cult can brainwash my family and make me out to be a horrible person for not believing, then I sure as hell am entitled to being able to lie to play along.
I'm not talking about changing the mechanics.  I'm just looking for a total damage sum on each enemy.  You already get the "damage total per card" in the game right now.
I just wish that in game it would take all your damage and combine it into one big number when it hits your enemy rather than transferring   the twelve numbers.  

It would be so much easier to get a better idea of your total damage output rather than having to quickly sum 12 numbers in your head or record it.
ShivaDra / Ares / Yamato / Urd / DIzanami / Shiva Dra

All are max skilled but only the leaders were hypermaxed.
I've got the same exact team but haven't made the attemp because of skill levels.  I'm assuming yours are all hypermaxed?
Don't do it! Don't succumb to the dark one!  Two ear piercings are just the start.  Before you know it, you'll be raping and murdering people in dark alleyways.  Or, even worse **gasp*, you could start being gay!
I went in there when my Dad became a Mission President. We met with Elder Bednar. It's funny that everyone makes fun of him for how cold he appears because he was exactly like that when I met him. Total robot and not very friendly. Even my TBM wife was bothered by it.

Anyways, he had an enormous office that looked like it hadn't been updated since the seventies and there were two secretaries outside of his door typing on computers. The finishes were similar to Temple lobbies and it was SUPER quiet. I'm sure it was so the apostles could hear that still small voice telling them to give another talk about porn or how much God hates gay sex.


Don't forget ear piercings! It matters to the God of the Universe!
Thanks. I don't have a DValk so I'm almost there. Maybe Grisar or Hanzo would be a good "poor man's" replacement.
What are the best subs?
I actually have more respect for women on here. It seems like women are more likely to stay in the church because of the support groups, friends, etc. and just ignore the ugly side of current events and history.  
Nice neckbeard
**#sobrave**
For some clarification: 

One shot challenge level 6. Blew up ZY in one hit 'cause I thought my Anubis active would take him out BEFORE he hit me. Turns out I was wrong. Anubis active took him out after he hit me. Stupid mechanic IMO.
How am I persecuting? Is offering a different opinion on something persecuting? He's entitled to his belief just as much as I am to mine. 

I'd also argue that the Mormon Church is no "safe haven" if you don't fall in line and do what you're told. I've had my fair share of shunning for being "different."
I never said he was wrong.  All I said was if he's going to subject himself to live by his Church's standards, he better make sure that he's following the right path. 

There's nothing wrong with being religious but the Mormon Church is different from other churches in that they claim to be the ONLY true church on the planet. I'm just throwing out a word of caution that there's tons of sketchy stuff in the Church's past that has lead the vast majority of people to steer clear of it. 

For example, back in the 1800's and early 1900's, the church taught that black people would be eternal servants in heaven and restricted them from the priesthood. They changed their stance in 1978 and now try and play it off that it wasn't a big deal. What if they change their stance in the year 2060 and say it's now okay to be homosexual? OP would have lived his entire life without someone to share his life with and have a family of his own for nothing. 
So you're choosing a lifetime of celibacy and loneliness because some guy back in the 1800's saw words on a rock in a hat that turned into a book about people that have left zero trace that they ever existed? I applaud your faith, but maybe you've got a little too much running through your system.

If I was going to invest so heavily into my personal dedication to my church, I would make damn sure that it was 100% true. The Mormon church has some serious skeletons in its closet.
I'm getting tired of everybody shitting on the stream every time it happens. Sure, it's not triple A entertainment, but they're making a go of it. What the fuck do you guys expect from a few employees of a mobile game company based in Japan? It doesn't get much more obscure than that.

Who knows, maybe they're not that into the stream themselves but it's a part of their job. How would you like it if a bunch of people stood over your shoulder while you were doing your job and telling you how shitty you were doing it. It wouldn't be much fun.
Same here. Max skilled Skuld and Verdandi before I even got 1 red to drop.  I swear Gungho does this shit on purpose.  

"Everybody wants to evo their Urds, huh?  Let's just turn down the drop rate from 30% to 5%"
[Elder Holland's response on the subject](https://www.lds.org/ensign/1976/09/i-have-a-question?lang=eng)

I love the part in number 7 where he claims that God couldn't do anything about Laban other than kill him because Laban was willfully disobedient.  

Uh, so the omniscient/omnipotent God was powerless in the situation so he had to have Nephi break one of his ten commandments.  Such a mindfuck in one paragraph.
Gungho will probably screw everybody and have him boost balanced cards...

You're probably right, though.  I'll continue waiting patiently for the inevitable Awoken Perseus.

EDIT: Also just realized they'll probably make him Green/Light.  That would give the new Avalon Drake some usefulness.
Forgot that Freyja has two skill bind resist awakenings which gets [this](http://www.puzzledragonx.com/en/simulator.asp?q=2749.99.1.99.99.99.8..2563.99.1.99.99.99.5..2563.99.1.99.99.99.5..2500.99.1.99.99.99.9..1303.99.1.99.99.99.6..2394.99.1.99.99.99.8) team to 100%.  

This would probably have pretty decent damage output, but Green has so many good utility subs.  Gonna' have to experiment some more. 
Classic guy.  He sucks so bad.
Good suggestions so far, but I'd add Blonia.  It's a little easier to evolve her to her ultimate form and you've got Blodin and Idunna as great subs for damage output.  

I'd run Blonia / Blodin / Idunna / Siegfried / Berry Dragon.  You'll be able to clear a ton of dungeons with that team.
Same here.  I'm starting to get better with A. Luci when I switched my mindset to the tank team playstyle.  I've been so used to fast spike teams that A. Luci seemed underwhelming when I started playing him.  If you slow down and tank/heal/burst a little more slowly, he really shines.
Just remember that Rukia is a little bit harder to activate her max damage, though.  

I got burned getting hyped for A. Sakuya after watching Reco use her only to realize that I'm nowhere near as good as him.

Not saying that you're not good, though.  Just a warning that watching Reco isn't always an accurate representation. 
You have Eschamali.  NOT buying Yomi Dragon would be crazy.  She's literally the perfect, most coveted sub for YomiDra.  Plus Akechi is a staple too.  Good choice.
Same here.  I actually have 2 Yomi Dragons because I was building the template Arena 1.0 team.  Still have trouble with C9's and C10's due to YomiDra's damage output.  I think Eschamali would help a ton so I'm not constantly having to pop skills to get my damage up but to hell with trying to roll her.  I'm not made of money.
A full board orb changer with 3 colors and hearts is too much RNG to be viable especially when only 1 color is what you're looking for.

A. Haku already pisses me off all the time with only 3 colors.  I can't imagine trying to depend the same thing with hearts being thrown in.
Late to the party, but just FYI, the Church is backtracking this and has more accurate info on their website:

https://history.lds.org/article/revelations-in-context-doctrine-and-covenants-thomas-marsh?lang=eng
Spent over $1k and don't have Eschamali, Scheat, Gronia, Sylvie, Ryune, DKali, Ilm, LZL, or Guan Yu.  

So many dupes of all the others.  5 Ronias, 6 LKalis, 4 Gadius, etc.  
This was very interesting to see.  I'm approaching 1000 days as well but I'm a moderate spender on the game.  (~$30/mo)

Seeing your box has made me feel a little bit regretful about the amount of money I've spent.  I have a lot more cards and a ton of them are max leveled but I fall back on 2 or 3 teams that I use regularly.  From what I can see, you probably do roughly the same thing (A. Shiva, A. Yomi, A. Luci) only you haven't spent any money and probably cleared most of the game's content.

I think I'm at the point to where I'm done spending money but it's going to be difficult not having the "latest and greatest" teams all the time.  Give yourself a pat on the back for not falling into the trap that I have of chasing the new stuff.
I might be alone but I don't mind having the front page plastered with [News] posts.  To me the game updates are the main reason I frequent this subreddit.  Keeping all of the exciting stuff to talk about in one megathread seems a little silly.  

Major news and game updates should have a much higher priority than the 3,456th person that has finally awoken Bastet.  
Couldn't the newest wood one simply be a pseudo-replacement for Odin dragon since he's not very popular or even that great?

I just worry because I could buy one more dragon and I'd hate to buy one right before a new ones come out.
Akechi is the key piece to this team.  I don't have him and have been running Pandora instead.  I've tried maybe 15 times over the past few days and can't get past Scarlet.  I just don't have the burst to hit her on floor 9 and then follow up on floor 10.
Late to the party, but this is spot on.  Uber is NEVER a viable full-time job but works okay for people that need some extra cash in addition to another job.  It's a lot less pressure if you're just doing it part-time, too.
Really late to the party but I can 100% confirm that there is no conspiracy between the Church and the General Contractors that build the temples. 

Zwick and Jacobsen Construction have some relatives who are GA's but the Church doesn't just hand these projects out to them. The Church cares far more about keeping money in its own coffers than making a bunch of Contractors rich.
Agreed.  I actually know Evan as I used to live in his ward in Cedar City.  I'm quite confident he only owns 1 pharmacy (Bulloch Drug in Cedar City) but he could have bought more since I lived there.

I disagree that this is some crazy conspiracy between the LDS Church and Vickers.  He's a really good guy.  Plus, owning 1 or even 3 pharmacies wouldn't be some huge, behind-the-scenes deal to make him a lot of money.  He can profit off of either bill.  That doesn't make him some evil schemer.  It's good business.
Maxing Luci provides a max skilled leader for you and your friends. I'd start with Luci.
If it were **me** I'd sell Tsubaki, Sakuya, Shiva, and Andromeda based on your dupes.

Tsubaki - could be a system but he only generates 3 fire orbs.  Not that great.

Sakuya - I don't see any use for more than one.  Her active is great, but you've already got two in the team.

Shiva - Sold my dupe shiva, no regrets

Andromeda - I don't think you need more than 2 Andromeda.  She's excellent, but 3 seems like too many.  
In before someone posts multiple Eschamali's as the ideal team...

I've been struggling with this as well simply because there's SO MANY dark gods and devils.  Trying to come up with the "ideal" team has been difficult as I try out different combinations.  

Lately, I've been running: 

Luci / A. Haku / Pandora / Yomi Dragon / Zaerog / Luci 

Zaerog is nice because Luci seems pretty dark orb hungry.  Making just one row and a few combos is still fairly weak damage wise.  He really shines when you can have 2 rows.  

Quick dark orb changers for farming seem the best route and stronger utility subs like Yomi Dragon, A. Haku, A. Loki seem better for the tougher dungeons.
I'll just farm arena while you wait
Don't we do the same thing, though?

"There's no evidence of the Nephites or Lamanites in North America so therefore the Church isn't true"

If it's all based on faith, we shouldn't use the lack of evidence as a source to confirm our own beliefs.
I don't really use Facebook so I was curious to see what you were talking about.  I'm SHOCKED that there's a bunch of "anti-mormon" comments that haven't been removed or deleted.  

Maybe they're turning a new leaf and allowing a little dissent and conversation on their social media accounts?
Somebody give this guy gold
Not trying to bash on Mormons, but there is definitely a level of trust between them simply based on active church attendance that's very strange.   
I don't but I work with a guy that drives from Provo to downtown SLC every day.  He *hates* it and is actively trying to find a place in SLC just to avoid the long commute.  

Springville is even farther, though.  That's really gonna' suck.
Pretty similar thing happened to me recently.  I work with a bunch of people from the East Coast that had to temporarily relocate to Utah for the project we're working on.  

Initially, they thought I was a TBM and were very careful about what they said around me.  As soon as one of them found out that I didn't believe anymore they all opened up with their true feelings about Mormonism.  They all think it's a sexist, gay-hating, crazy religion that they'd *never* join.  

Also, a lot of them had barely even heard of Mormonism prior to living in Utah despite them all living in large cities on the East Coast.  People in Utah think the church is *everywhere* and *growing* but it's not even close.  #globalchurch
Feel the same here.  In every game, there's always enough people willing to throw ridiculous amounts of time/money to be at the top to not make it worth my while.  A crown would be cool, but am I willing to stone for stamina and run the dungeon over and over just to get it?  Nah. 
Since the co-op dungeons still have the crazy pre-empts, if we're going in alone should we wait until Gungho tones them down a notch?

With all due respect, I'm not going to believe a word you typed here without some sort of reliable source.  

It's been said many times before that we need to stop trusting in "hearsay" and "he-said-she-said" because that's what got us in trouble as TBM's.  
>6-8 combos...

>not that hard...
There must be some link between googly eyes and d-bags.
Well that blows. Now I wish I had never evolved her.

Thanks for the response though.
Don't have perseus but I do have Freyja.  Can only get 80% skill bind resist with that team, though.  Australis either needs to get some good green machine subs and be a kick ass leader, or (s)he needs a few more utility awakenings so (s)he can be a kick ass sub.  (S)he's neither right now. :/
Thanks.  It's a great team until you go into a dungeon with skill bind resist... like 90% of them do. :(

*sniff*... Australis, what do I do with you?
Gonna' save myself the pain.  If there was a dark gala overlapping this godfest I don't think I could resist.  I'm still recovering from the amount of water cards I pulled during the 4x GFE godfest last fall.  I've got all the light cards I want.
I agree with your thoughts.  What about the use of elephants in the BoM, though?  To me that's even more damning than horses because it's *very* obvious that elephants are not native to North America.
Maybe so. I was hoping someone would chime in and say that they are all uploading on some other site now because I love watching videos of different dungeons and teams.

Most of the people I watch all have multiple hypermaxed and pentamaxed teams so maybe there's just not really a good reason for them to play anymore. It's almost like Gungho made it too accessible for everybody to have maxed out teams so the whales don't really have anything to "show off" in their videos.
That heart skyfall on Hera-is. That was sooo lucky. I'm not sure x9 would have finished her off. 

Great run and congrats!
I thought about this a while back because I really like the play style of Yomi Dragon but there are so many dungeons that have dark resist gimmicks in them.  It drives me nuts. 

One tool I used was in PADGuide you can search by awakenings in the "Util" tab.  See [here](http://i.imgur.com/wBLBJVG.jpg) for the monsters that come up when you're looking for light enhanced orbs.  

Obviously subs like Hathor and New Years Sandalphon would be awesome for damage output but none of these subs have very good synergy.  If they have a bunch of light orb enhanced awakenings, their active skill doesn't really help.  

Chibi Sun Wukong kind of helps but his stats aren't any good.  Tora would be awesome but he's JP only and only available through the All Stars Collab REM.  Pollux would be good too, but if you've got her you might as well run her as a leader.

That's just light, though.  You might want to check out other colors and see if there are some interesting combinations that might work.
"flip" is a very common replacement for "fuck" in Utah.
I'm gonna' make a guess that OP is from Utah
...of all the places that "lust" might show up on the map.
Sure. For temples in Utah, Arizona, Idaho, etc. But, look at Philly. Property in the heart of downtown Philly? That must have cost a fortune. 

To top it off, they go full blown real estate developer and buy the adjacent property and build a 30 story high rise on it. Between the Temple, chapel and high rise, your probably in the $500 MIL range.
I have 2 as well but have considered selling 1.  Any reason you're keeping 2?
Just wanted to throw in my 2 cents to confirm that temples cost 50-100 million dollars just for the construction.

I thought everybody knew this though. These buildings are usually 50,000+ square feet with huge parking lots and landscaping. $1,000/sf isn't crazy considering the finishes and level of quality that the church expects. Hospitals are in the $450/SF range and they try and save money everywhere they can because they're a business. Big buildings are VERY expensive and so are the properties that they sit on. 
It always bothers me that GungHo are such sticklers with Badpy's.  Bubpy's and Woodpy's are by far the easiest to come by.
Hmmm... Good call
Definitely worth having but no need to skill up. If he becomes the standard on Yomi Dragon teams for Arena 2.0, I might consider feeding my +297 Stratios to him...
I'm banking on NEVER getting an Eschamali (let alone 2) so I'm wondering if you could run: 

Yomi Dragon / Masterion / A. Luci / Yomi Dragon / A. Haku / Yomi Dragon

Gonna' do the math later to see if that would still provide enough HP to tank DQ Hera.  Still not sure how you get by high defense floors like MeiMei because your burst with Okuni is gone...

EDIT: You can still tank the 25681 hit from DQ Hera if you're running full dark resist latents with the team listed above.
Running dungeon to pick him up right now.  You could also roll for Ark, but Masterion has the better utility awakenings.

EDIT: Halloween Thoth and Sopdet might be viable in his place as well for more healing throughout the dungeon. The gravity at Kali is pretty big deal though.
2x 5% dark damage resist awakenings plus 20% gravity at DQ Hera.  Looks like dark damage resist latents are still king. 
Hmm... You're right.  Sorry about that.  I thought there was some relationship between /u/scrllock and /u/blvcksvn and I mixed the two.
Exactly.  Wasn't trying to shame but it needed to be said.  I could have been more delicate with my approach, but it is what it is.  I was a little upset that the post had the word "casual" in it ~~and additionally was posted by a mod on this subreddit~~.  This is clearly not casual.

People drool over this stuff not realizing that it's extremely easy to slip into spending a ton of money and time trying to "keep up with the Joneses"
I'd argue that it's something completely different.  As someone who does enjoy skiing, I don't go to the same resort and ski the same few runs over and over and over.  There's tons of other things to explore and that's what keeps it fun.  I also like to watch football but I don't watch the same few games again and again and again.  

Pressing buttons on your phone and sorting through thousands of plus eggs for hours and hours and hours to hypermax teams ***when you've already completed 99% of the game*** is just a completionist/addiction mindset.  The "game" has now morphed into something completely different.  It's grinding and not gaming.

There's a TON of fun games out there to play on mobile, PC, Xbox, whatever...  I think more people need to recognize that on this sub and break away from the completionist mentality and go enjoy other stuff you're missing out on.
Wow. Somebody set up an intervention. 

This is clearly a case of going well beyond a game or even a hobby. That's just a straight up addiction. Sorry if that comes across as rude, but the time and money invested to have a box like that is crazy.
I have an awesome Shiva Dragon team and I haven't even bought him because he pairs so nicely with my Urd.  I just use everybody else's and saved the 300,000 MP.

Sure the damage output isn't quite as high, but so far it hasn't been a problem and it's just as fast.
Yeah. I posted 10 hours ago that I couldn't take anymore. I added 90 new friends in the course of an hour. Can't spend any more stones on friend slots. Sorry
Awesome update!  I was gonna' send you a PM back when I first found your calculator for an idea that I had.  

In my PADHerder, I've categorized the monsters that I would potentially sell and marked them with the "zero priority".  Is there any way that you could add low priority and zero priority as a filter?  That way, anybody could just click on the stuff they've already organized in PADHerder and get a quick MP number off of it.
...and I'm spent guys.  No more please. Holy shit there must be a ton of lurkers on this subreddit. I opened up 60 more slots just to handle the onslaught and try and accept everybody but 200 friends is the max that I'm going.
Just jumped out of Talentwizz's boat! Ain't nobody got time for that!
On second thought, I should probably clarify that I'm not particularly looking for other Pentamaxed Yomi Dragons.  My purpose is mainly for others that want to use mine.  I'll accept any Yomi Dragons that come my way.
I read Rock Waterman's blog post about the subject and really enjoyed it but any more ammo would always be appreciated.  Searching the subreddit might turn up some stuff but hopefully /u/Mithryn sees this and can point me in the right direction.
I'm saving this for the impending battle that will be fought with my wife over reducing my tithing. I'm going back to an annual increase tithe meaning 10% after all expenses. She's not going to be happy but I just can't pay the full amount anymore. It's killing me.
That's my other concern. $600 to test out a device with the hope that a $400-500 video card will be adequate is tough to swallow. 

I'm absolutely not preordering the Rift and I'll probably just skip the 970/980 too. Gaming is just one of my hobbies so I'll just stick to decent looking games at 1080p.
Wow.  No free shipping on a $600 purchase?  That hurts.
The real issue for me is that the 670 runs most games pretty decently so I don't really have to upgrade any time soon.  The only reason that I would upgrade was for the Rift and that makes it that much more expensive. 
Not sure who downvoted you but it's a legit question.  The 670 and 770 are pretty outdated to justify purchasing yet another outdated video card and have it run marginally faster.  Plus, SLI with old video cards could be a little wonky with the Rift.

The best way would simply shell out the money for a 970 or a 980 which are still fairly pricey.  Plus, another Nvidia GPU is coming out later this year so I don't really want to spend a bunch of money on a video card that will be outdated shortly.
In the same boat.  I'm still running my GTX 670 from several years ago.  ~$400 upgrade for a new video card and $600 for the Rift and I'm looking at $1k purchase just for a VR experience.  Can't justify it.
Later brah.
Was that with a button team or just a regular team?  I think I could blow through 60 stones fairly quickly with a button team.
I really probably should.  I'm not just sick of farming descends, I'm actually sick of playing the game in general.  
Same here. I beat both Mythical and Legend on my first try without a hitch and then proceeded to get my butt kicked four times in a row.  Went back to Zeus Mercury but I got SOOO sick of that dungeon after running it a hundred times.
I feel kind of bad because I'm coming from PAD and have no clue what I'm doing. I just read on this subreddit to wait for the legend hatcher so I rolled the 50 free stones I got from the first few weeks of playing. 

Thanks for the great advice. I'll start working on what I've got and save the rest of my stones.
I was +99 HP, +99 ATK, and +51 RCV on my Yomi Dragon for the longest time.  I swear the game wasn't giving me RCV +eggs on purpose 'cause now that I have +99 RCV on her thanks to 10x descends, all I'm getting now is RCV eggs.  It's driving me crazy.
No joke.  The amount of PadZ monsters that I've sold over the past year is ridiculous.  I see that series come out of the REM way more than anything in the game.
Or we could, you know, just continue enjoying the game...  

Gotta' get out of that addict/completionist/collector mindset and just move on when it's not fun anymore
I'm out of the loop. What's so important about May '16?

Yes she is absolutely worth it. I don't even have Akechi and she's destroying everything that doesn't have a dark resist gimmick in the dungeon. Even then, I've managed to stall through some of it.
It's based on my personal experience.  I have the template Yomi Dragon Arena team ( Yomi Dra / Yomi Dra / Haku / Okuni / Stratios / Yomi Dra)  and Haku is easily the sub I would replace first on that team.  

Her full board orb change is like rolling the dice every time.  You can have 4 enhanced dark orbs on the board and her active gets rid of all of them. It's rage inducing.  I want Eschamali or Castor so bad because of it.
Haku's actually the weakest link in my opinion.  Her full board change constantly trolls me and leaves zero dark orbs on the board that are enhanced.  Castor could easily replace Haku but the ideal replacement is Eschamali.  Good luck getting a 6 star GFE, though.
Gah.  Just noticed that in PadGuide.  Had I seen any Piis they would have been Flampys in the Witches Ball.  I guess the exp/stamina that I got takes the edge off, but I'll definitely move over to the King of the Underworld.  Thanks.
I've been farming "The Witches Ball" from the coin dungeons over and over and over and I haven't even seen a Pii.  Where did you see so many? Am I farming the wrong one?
I'm starting to think that clearing the Arena just isn't that special anymore...
Tried to get her in the last Godfest because there was a dark gala running alongside the higher constellation god rate.  Pulled 12 times and didn't even get any of the featured gods but I got a ton of dark trash...
Same here.  I've got the Game8 template team and I'll just stick to that since it's pretty stable.  

Not gonna' spend the ridiculous amount of money it would take to get Eschamali.  I would LOVE to replace Haku with something better since she seems to troll me all the time but a *6 star GFE is so hard to get.
Haku is the weakest link in the template YomiDra team, in my opinion.  I've been using it for a couple of weeks now and it drives me crazy how often activating Haku leaves zero enhanced dark orbs on the board.  
Clicked on the little YouTube button to see what your team was and thought to myself, "Well, yeah, of course you cleared level 10 with that..."
Everything except the last part...  

Just thought it would be cool to post. Even though he got trolled at the end, it's still impressive.
[Farmable RaDra Arena clear...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEQLkzmHjcw)
Whoops... My bad. Looks like my post didn't make the moderator cut since it's been removed.

I'll Photoshop some P&D monsters into my post to make it relevant next time.
... with some text next to it explaining why I posted it.  I didn't just submit a blank post of a gif of Michael Jackson eating popcorn. If you're trolling me then i feel for it, but I had no idea a moderator of a subreddit wouldn't need such a detailed explanation.
How does it not?  This subreddit has lost their minds over the XMas REM.  This is just poking a little fun at all the reactions.  Sure it's a shitpost, but it's not like the main page isn't filled with them anyways.

Where's the outrage at no new content to tackle?  Sure, the challenge dungeons rotate in and provide a couple of days of things to use stamina on, but I'd really like to see new dungeons like "Technical Dungeons +" that are really hard or something.
Just poking fun of everybody who is outraged at the XMas REM.  I don't think I'll ever understand the mindset of getting new cards that make it easier to beat all the dungeons you've already beaten anyways.  

I've cleared pretty much everything with my AShiva team and Yomi Dragon teams and already feel the boredom creeping in.  Even my push-button Rodin team is gathering dust because there's no point in farming +'s and exp.

Why run the Arena to get skill ups for other teams when I already have a team that can beat it?  Why roll for new cards when I've already got teams that beat everything?

What I really want is more dungeons and content to tackle.  Not sure why the vast majority of the player base is so focused on new cards.  All these hardcore people whining have probably beaten everything already...
New carrot = full board orb changer that has the potential for a perfect 10 match board.  Anubis users would lose their collective minds.
Seriously... Feels like I stumbled into an AA meeting.  Do people really have a problem with spending rent/food/etc. money on this freakin' game?
Floor 9 is the worst part of that dungeon.  I don't know how many times I've cruised through the first eight floors only to miss the stupid 6 combos and heal Zaerog back up.  I hate that freakin' dungeon but not as much as I hate Yamato Rush...
Is everything except Stratios max skilled? I've got the template team too and I'm not even gonna try until they're all max skilled. It makes a huge difference
Just watched every second of that run to see how stable it was. He got sooo lucky to have all those heart skyfalls. 

Kali was sketchy too. Popping three Blonia actives and just praying for enough blue orbs and then having to stall with no way to generate emergency hearts...
I had three but I sold one and I'm not even that much of a whale. 

Not regretting it, though. That team needs a heart maker for stability (like the video posted with Sumire) and I have Blodin and I&I. 
This is a much better clear.  You should post this separately.  

I really like that he brought along Sumire for the heart making utility.  That was the major problem I saw in OP's video.  I've had tons of runs where I take a hit and don't have any heart orbs on the board to heal up.  A heart maker is absolutely essential for stability.
Or DMeta.  I've been playing around with that team a little on dungeons where Izanami would fit.  I like the emergency enhance that she provides.  Izanami's HP, autoheal, and 3 turn dmg reduction is hard to get rid of sometimes, though.
That's what I'm afraid of.  I'm trying to limit my IAP after whaling for Okuni so getting all of these pentamaxed for the arena seems near impossible.

I think I'll still run the arena before they're all maxed and just count Hera as a loss.  [Setsu does the same thing with Ra Dragon](https://setsupad.wordpress.com/2015/11/29/weekly-roundup-43/) and he's cleared it plenty of times.
Even though I've got really good water subs, they're all underleveled and unawoken so you probably wouldn't use me much any ways.  I mainly focus on dark teams and my Yomi Dragon team is going to occupy most of my time for now.
It's the [template Yomi Dragon](https://game8.jp/archives/32616) arena team that's the most reliable outside of Ra Dragon.

Yomi Dragon / Yomi Dragon / Awoken Haku / Okuninushi / Zeus Stratios / Yomi Dragon

I think the water carnival had much more of an effect on the REM than the PCGF.  I ended up with a ridiculous amount of duplicate water cards from my 40 pulls yesterday.  

On the bright side, I have a killer Neptune Dragon team but I don't think I'm going to buy him because I've already got the Yomi Dragon dream team and nobody seems to run water on my friends list.  Total waste until Gungho decides to make water relevant again.
Yeah. This was a terrible time for special challenge dungeons to come out.  I was so excited to use Yomi Dragon and finally attempt challenges 9 and 10 only to find out that he sucks in special dungeons.
Outside of the brag and LF posts, this subreddit has maybe 4 or 5 posts a day that are actually worth reading. For you to come here and shit on actual good discussion is pretty lame. Sure it's a repost, but not for everybody.
Excluding Tsubaki and Sumire, though. Had Tsubaki on my Awoken Shiva team and he hit max level by floor 5
Not everybody saw the thread (like me) so this discussion has been very helpful.
It was "Evolving Faith"
Director's Choice carnival was just announced with both of these guys.  I'm rolling in the carnival rather than PCGF.  I've already got all the top voted ones anyways.
No way.  I need Okuninushi and Akechi for my Yomi Dragon team and it's looking like they're not going to end up in the PCGF.  I'm whaling this carnival.
Listen to Radio West's episode where Doug Fabrizio interviews an active Mormon scientist. He actually wrote a book that explains his theory that evolution still jives with Mormonism. He actually believes the Neanderthals and pre-Adam humans didn't have souls. It was really interesting and mind blowing. I'd link it but I'm on mobile.
[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg8r_ZESxfw) the video I watched.  Genie seems like a luxury just to speed through the first part of Zaerog.  If you can combo well you could use that spot for something more useful.

Edit: [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpB8fyrRSoA) another that I found with Apocolypse and Indra.  I have 2 so I'll probably sub in Awoken Ra.
I've been dealing with the same issue.  Okuni is the only thing that keeps me from having the template Yomi Dragon arena team.  

My concern is for bursting Mei Mei and the fat metal dragon in the arena.  I have seen plenty of videos where Yomi Dragon hits above 1.5 MIL and 2 MIL but it doesn't seem very consistent. 

I'm considering keeping my Loki in his base evo because he loses his god typing with the Awoken form.  I was so disappointed when they released his awoken form.  He should have triple typing with God included.  He could be such a perfect sub for Yomi Dragon.
I'm gonna' use her to farm Zaerog.  I've seen videos that show how easy it is with her.

Outside of that...
Just added 15 more friend spots for this.  YomiDra will be max leveled by the end of the day and will work on plussing and skilling up over the next few weeks.

361,663,205
I farm Sky Prison with AShiva all the time.  The ONLY sketchy part is there are dub-sapphilits on floor 2.  You absolutely have to hit 5 combos or more with a 4 red orb match to activate your two prong hit with AShiva.
Uriel has been my white whale.  I've been able to roll 3 Gadiuses (Gadii?) with zero Uriels to make the team more reliable.
I have dupes so I evo'd one as the R/D.
Gotcha.  I do think that Pandora would be a pretty close substitute for a 2nd Yomi Dragon, though.  She doesn't bring a haste active, but she has similar awakenings and can bring in dark and heart orbs for leader skill activation and bind clearing.

It obviously wouldn't be as safe and reliable as a second Yomi Dragon but I bet you could clear the Arena fairly regularly.
I actually do have 600k MP so I could buy two and roll for Okuninushi but I really want to save the 300k if there's other dragons coming out in the future.  

I think I'll be able to clear plenty of stuff with the team that I've got and 1 Yomi Dragon so I'm content on waiting for any future announcements.
Thanks. I've been leaning the same way but I've seen a lot of threads in the past that say he's not worth the 300k MP.

Edit: Wow! Just checked game8.  I had no idea they bumped Yomi Dragon to SS.  I'm guessing it's because of the reliability in clearing Arena?  That kind of solidifies my decision.
Why are all of these completed on an exact minute mark?
Probably got a shit ton of PAD Z monsters like I have in the past few Godfests.  Those things are the new golems...
They can't press any further than, "Are you a full tithe payer?" If the person answers yes then they just have to accept it even though they might not believe you. 

Besides, it's just your word against theirs. They don't know your finances or situation. They can't ask for a pay stub or a tax return to verify. A yes or a no is as far as they can go.
If you're a collector, the idea of a monster book is cool.  Since I'm not, I wish they'd just show all the monsters and have search/filtering functions so I don't have to exit the app and use PAD Guide or PDX online.  
The coin dungeons are definitely harder than regular dungeons.  They're more of a "kill or be killed" format for teams that don't have a lot of HP.  

The exp fodder to level up your monsters is okay and they usually have good exp per stamina so you can continuously play and rank up.  Each one does give you a stone for completing all the floors, but outside of that the only real reason late game players revisit the coin dungeons is for the piis which are very rare.

In my opinion, Sumire is your strongest lead but you're lacking some good subs to make him worth it.  I'd focus on getting some good subs for Sumire (like Fenrir Knight Kamui, Amberjack, etc.) and level up your Meimei's and make a good Meimei team before you tackle coin dungeons.
Whenever I'm faced with that same dilemma I ask myself, "If I could roll in the REM and get X, would I do it?"  In the case of Zaerog, the answer is absolutely yes so even using 5 stones in his dungeon is just like pulling the REM.  Well worth it, IMO.
A little late to the party but I just sent you an invite.  Working on Zaerog but I main AShiva and will run AYomi as soon as it comes to NA.  I thought I might be a good fit.
Just sent you an invite (361,663,205).  I'm in desperate need of Zaerog friends as I have the perfect team for him and will run him a lot.  

My Z8 is only skill level 3 because Gungho hates me but he's definitely a work in progress that I'll stick with for awhile.

I also run AShiva, ABastet, ARa, Pandora, etc.
Ares / Ares / Urd / RD Cao Cao would be awesome. You can do the RG Cao Cao to get his other better evo with your dupe.
Shiva Dragon would make most of the game easy.  Especially since you've got an ideal team.  

You've got tons of dupes to sell.  I'd go that route rather than the weeks/months of leveling/evolving/awakening various teams.
Ah. Thanks.  I hadn't considered running Zera on my Ra team.  I have the exact same monsters in my box as OP with no Dark Kali so I'm always debating who I should run with dark.
Whose Zera?
I'm definitely on board with your thinking and had the same "aha" moment this morning.  I rolled quite a few times during this past Godfest and after a while it dawned on me just how much **TIME** it would take to get all of these new monsters leveled, evo'd, awakened, etc.

I sat there and asked myself, "Am I *really* going to take the time  to level every single one of these up just for the small chance that having duplicates of this specific monster will be the "ideal" team on some newly released awoken leader?" The answer was maybe and that wasn't good enough so I sold every single duplicate I owned except for the ones that I *knew* would be useful.

I just followed [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/PuzzleAndDragons/wiki/guides/dupes) guide and have no regrets.  Plus, I'm gonna' buy a dragon with my 300k monster points so I'm pretty stoked about that.  

tl;dr - I'd rather have a box full of the very best leaders and subs possible rather than a box full of side projects.
RemindMe! 10 years "Is Reddit still around?"
I use Gadius on my A. Shiva team because I don't have Hino or Cao Cao.  He's great for added time to make 6 combos but his active skill is hit and miss.  There's a few times where I'll get a bunch of red orbs to work with but most of the time there's only a few.  

Having him change the board to 3 colors and hearts versus someone like Urd who creates only 2 colors and hearts make him sub par in my opinion.  Someone like Awoken Leilan would be much better.

Edit: I also use Ronia on my team.  Even though rows aren't ideal, when I get the perfect board of 3 red rows and two dark rows with a 6 combo skyfall, I can hit well over 12 million as a team.
I'd like to do some more reading about Deseret Book.  Where did you get that info from?  I've always felt really uncomfortable with the idea of selling religious stuff.  I think
This is the art style that P&D should have gone with.  Maybe P&D 2?
Spotted the guy from Salt Lake City!
So... some time in early 2016.  :(
Tried to do some research and couldn't find anything. Who are these developers that are profiting from this transaction? From what I can tell, the land is already owned by the state.

It's also extremely expensive to build a new facility next to an existing one and be able to maintain operations. Can you imagine the risk of having construction workers on the same site as convicts? All kinds of problems. 
Sorry that this is a day late.  I came across this thread because I have a similar situation.  I liked your answer but I struggle to see how this jives with the actual teachings of the Church.  

You seem to lean more towards just being a good person and everything will work out.  That's great, but *not good enough* according to the Church.

I've already gone into a temple recommend interview and said "no" to answer if I had a testimony or not.  My bishop immediately shut the interview down and we talked at length. None of the other questions were asked and I was denied a temple recommend.

That's fine if, as you said, "our salvation doesn't depend on our testimony."  However, I'm no longer able to go to the temple and it would be the same for everyone else.  The covenants and things that happen in the temple don't just "happen" regardless of your testimony or not.  You receive them as a direct result of being able to comply with the requirements to enter.  

In short, the *only* way to receive the "ordinances of salvation" are never precluded by simply complying with *most* of the temple  recommend questions.  Your answer sounds good on the surface, but your line of thinking isn't in line with the current policies of the Church.
It's not.  Interestingly, I worked for the church in their physical facilities department during the time of this remodel.  I actually met Elder Ballard and his wife in their condo while the remodeling was going on.

Unfortunately, I don't have any juicy details as to where the money flowed because it was all handled through different departments, but the remodeling was going on because President Monson's condo was being completely gutted and renovated above.  The sewer lines were being rerouted and the Ballard's ceiling had to be torn out to access them.

I will say this, though.  Both Elder Ballard's condo and President Monson's condo are VERY nice.

EDIT: Also, who is the Kevin Hunt you were thinking of?  Most expensive construction firms?  Where are you getting that?
I win?
SHOW ME YOUR PAPERS!
Hey Dylann! How's prison?
I got the premise from here:

> So perhaps every once in awhile a prophet makes a statement that is false, or he enacts a policy which is morally questionable, but the Lord will not hang your salvation on any of that. Your salvation is between the Lord and you; the prophet is meant to be a general guide to point you toward the Lord, but your salvation is not in the prophet's hands.

You're explicitly saying that there might be an occasion where the Prophet institutes a policy that's morally questionable (aka wrong) and that's okay because God knows you're just following orders.  So God is okay with us doing something wrong if the prophet tells us to do it?  That doesn't check out.  

The Prophet, God's ordained mouthpiece, should never institute something incorrect in the first place because he's **actively communicating with God**.  That's the whole point of being a Prophet.  If God and his Prophet can't get that one thing right, then the whole thing falls apart.  

Look, I know we're just beating around the bush here because there is clear, unadulterated evidence that either God or his Prophet screwed up back in the 1800's with Brigham Young and the Priesthood.  It's one of "muh triggers" and something that I wrestle with almost daily.  I'm on constant lookout for a good answer and when those possible answers fall short I get all riled up because I'm so tired of *wondering* what the answer could be.

I mean no disrespect to you or your post, I just don't think this is the way to justify the problem with "fallible prophets."  Prophets can make mistakes in their personal lives, but *communicating* the word of God needs to be ***PERFECT*** in order for the whole process to work.  

I often wonder why God never sat Brigham down and said, "Woah, woah, woah there Brother Brigham.  I know you might have a few issues with black people, but look, I respect all my children the same and they're all entitled to the same blessings if they simply repent and seek after me.  You and the rest of the Church need to get over your personal prejudices and treat everybody equally".  

God had sooo many opinions on such *simple* matters as shown in the D&C; why did he keep his mouth shut when it came to such an important issue?
This is too much of stretch.  You're whole premise assumes that an omniscient God is incapable of communicating his will/doctrine through his personally appointed mouthpiece because that mouthpiece "isn't perfect." That's rediculous.

You don't need to be a perfect human being to be a prophet.  I'm okay with that.  But saying that an imperfect person is gonna' screw up God's message because he has personal flaws doesn't check out.  What's the point of having a divinely appointed prophet if God can't rely on him to relay his message?


Just playing Mormon's advocate here:  What if the plates were stored on the side?  It makes sense that something so heavy would be lowered down into the pit by the rings that bound the plates together.

There still is a problem with a farm boy lifting something that heavy and running around with it regardless of how strong he was.  As someone who frequents the gym, I've seen guys lift those 80 lbs rubber hex dumbbells.  They lift them off the rack, waddle over to an open spot and do shoulder shrugs with them.  I've yet to see anybody pick them up and handle them like they weren't anything significant.

Edit: [Found a video of a guy curling 100 lbs.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na7fTVLAU60)  I think this guy could handle the gold plates pretty easily.  Not sure if Joseph Smith was into bodybuilding or not.  Lemme check Rough Stone Rolling really quick...
That's kind of realistic, though.  Over the past 24 hours how many subreddit spawns were created to take over the front page?

You can't expect Reddit to hire an army of people to constantly vet the thousands (millions?) of subreddits to make sure their content is constantly okay.  It's much more realistic that the ones that are the most problematic be dealt with first.
Not happy is an understatement.  I had no idea this site was filled with that many assholes.  

Just goes to show that the vast majority of Reddit are lurkers.  If a few thousand people can control the majority of content on /r/all, that just means most people don't upvote and downvote other content.
That's exactly why nobody is going to jail over this stupidity the past 24 hours.  I wish Reddit would post a GIGANTIC banner on the front page that says "WE'RE A PRIVATE WEBSITE.  YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO SAY WHATEVER YOU WANT, JUST NOT HERE"

If people don't like Reddit's rules, they can leave.  They can go join voat and spew their hate speech there.
But you're just making all that up too. Where's your evidence?
Stopped reading once I hit Rodinx4 (max skilled). 
Nobody can answer it because nobody is buying the game.
I've seen him in person.  That was my exact thought when I saw him.  

I swear the dude fake bakes.  He literally looked orange. We're not talking like a tint of orange, we're talking ORANGE.
You mean... white doesn't mean American!?!
dat math
Grant Palmer was disfellowshipped from the church for writing a book on Joseph Smith's history. Simon Southerton was ex'd for "adultery" but everyone knows it was for his book about DNA and the lack of evidence to support the Book of Mormon. 

Those are just two off the top of my head but I know there's more. Mormon Stories did a bunch of interviews with these guys if you need sources.
THAR SHE BLOWS!
[PSA] Attention IAPers!  $5 could get you [this](http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_110.jpg)!

Edit: Or... $80 could get you [this](http://store.steampowered.com/sub/62029/)
Fun fact: You just made all that shit up.

http://pixar.wikia.com/Tank_Gang
Cool. That's good to know. Glad to hear that I can just sink into my chair and enjoy rather than play "Wii style"
As far as I've seen, that's what the Vive is.  You need a 15' x 15' room in order to move around in.  

I don't want that.  I just want to veg out in my comfy chair.
I'm not really that interested in the input.  I'd actually prefer just to sit at my desk and enjoy the virtual reality display rather than walking around a room.  I haven't seen anything mentioning that the Vive will allow that, so I'll probably just buy whichever allows me to do that.
http://i.imgur.com/dYkqtki.jpg
This is the second question about pro player's moms in this thread...

What's the average age of people on this sub? 14? I'm noping right out of here.
I think you'll see the same thing with Philly as we've seen with SLC. With the Temple downtown, the church can rationalize development with "protecting" the Temple's surrounding property. 

It's a little more palatable for members who are a little troubled that their church is building a mixed use retail and residential tower.
That thing does not cost $30 MIL. It's well over $100 MIL and that's just for construction. Factor in property costs, design costs and furnishings, and you're getting pretty close to $200 MIL.
At 500,000 Gallons of water a day per golf gourse, that's 61,500,000 gallons every day.  If they water every day for six months a year, that's 11,193,000,000 a year.  11 Billion gallons a year...

California has got to shut those down quick until some serious water returns to the state.
Oh wow. 25 is going to be insane! 

I've got an i5 4570k and a GTX 670 so not as nice as yours. Good to know that it runs smoothly at this large of a city, though. 
I second this.  More screenshots and data about the city.  

Also, I'd like to know what kind of PC that OP is using and how the performance is.  I've been a little worried that using the 25 tiles is going to overload my own PC.
It actually happened! Guys in flip-flops incoming to KICK SOME DIGITAL ASS!

I picture Bill Gates dancing the same way Dendi does at the end there.  Priceless.
This is single handedly the greatest thing to come out of /r/DotA2 


Maybe "nerd" was the wrong word.  It just has the similar vibe of something like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpJ_rrcMCJ0).

Guys thinking they're all badass because they rounded up a posse and stomped some other guys in Dota.  Just doesn't fit in my opinion.
Certain things just don't mix, man.  

If Team Secret entered TI5 like boxers enter the arena with hooded robes and rap music in the background they'd look stupid. Same thing here.  Rounding up a posse to kick ass in Dota just seems really cheesy to me.
This whole video was nerdy as hell.  It felt like a "fight after school by the flagpole" in the way a bunch of nerds would settle it.  

Mix a little "Braveheart" and "Turn Down for What" in there and it just looks incredibly [silly](http://i.imgur.com/Iryn847.jpg).  
Oh man.  SL Trib commenters are on the exact opposite end of KSL's crazy.  The biggest echo chamber of liberal, BYU hating, anti-mormon/religion can be witnessed in the Trib's comment section.  

I lean towards a more liberal bias, I'm not a huge fan of BYU or religion, and even *I* cringe at some of the shit slinging that goes on.
I stumbled upon the KSL comments yesterday after the FCC rules regarding the internet. Holy shit...

It was the first time I got angry enough that I almost registered and started commenting. Half way through, I just closed my browser and went for a walk. I know this state is really Republican, but it's sickening to see that a lot of that is coupled with bat-shit crazy and unbelievably ignorant.
I actually don't think they do, now that I'm thinking about.  

I wonder if it would fall under the same exemption as "keep the Sabbath day holy unless your sick and need medicine from the store" kind of rule.  In other words, don't smoke marijuana unless your doctor prescribes it.
Surface Pro is definitely going to be huge.  Our IT division has been testing each version and the third generation got their stamp of approval to use company wide.  I would imagine there's a bunch of companies like mine that are doing the same.

Why provide laptops and iPads to every employee when you can just buy a surface and get both in one unit?  Microsoft is going to snag a bunch of tablet market share through businesses rather than consumers.
There's a difference between hitting and tapping.
Phone nerds don't represent the overall demand.  

I know plenty of people that know just the basics about phone specs. Resolution, phone size, and megapixels are all they compare.

Everybody expects to charge their battery every day and for it to just work.

Anecdotal, but so was yours.
Live in Salt Lake. Haven't met a single person that likes that building.  Plus, the photos that were posted in that article photoshopped the hell out of the background.  SLC looks nothing like that around the courthouse.
Sure. I'm completely on board with it being horrifically stupid to kill people over cartoons. Especially when other religions aren't retaliating and just ignoring.

I'm not saying the people at Charlie Hedbo "got what they deserved" but in a polite way of saying it, they got what was coming to them. 

If somebody got up during a bank robbery and went "neener, neener, neener" at masked gunmen, nobody would be shocked if they were shot and killed. Would they have every right to taunt or provoke? Sure. *Should* they? Probably not.
I'm glad to see I'm not the only one that feels this way. Just because you **can** doesn't mean you **should**.

Those cartoons were pretty offensive and, yes, they should have the right to make them and publish them if they want, but they also will have to deal with the consequences. Making fun of a religious group that is known to spawn radical extremists will get you in hot water petty quick.


I was on board until you started pulling the conspiracy theory stuff out.  How would any government entity benefit from having "ancient, extinct life on Mars" as a secret?
I agree with you and I believe there was even a reddit post with similar comments saying that methane can come from other sources other than organic material.  

I was all excited when this news first hit and the comments on reddit calmed me down.  I guess Tequila_Wolf missed the discussion in the same way you missed the article.
Like [this one](http://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/comments/2pny77/giving_new_life_to_an_old_and_grungy_fiberglass/) yesterday.  Dude just cleaned his shower really good.

ಠ_ಠ
When I switched over from Puzzle and Dragons I thought it was pretty cool that there was a system implemented for dupes.

After playing for 41 days, I've got to say that it's actually quite annoying because of the frequency that it happens.  I've gotten Grace, Ba'gunar, and Daiana more than I care to admit.
Why would any company develop a competing product to an unsuccessful one?  What a waste of time...
I wouldn't go as far as saying it's "junk reporting".  I mean, it's not like I pay any money to use their website so I get that they probably have a tight budget for what they can tackle.  

However, as tragic as traffic accidents are, do they really deserve constant front page space?  I guess they'll put "front and center" whatever gets them the most clicks for advertising so maybe there really is some big audience of people here in Utah that love reading about all the car accidents around the state.
You really think critiquing other random players during a match works?  

I'm getting downvoted for all of my comments but all I'm doing is pointing out what I've seen and what I've experienced when this happens in the game.  It never works, period.  

Why is that bad advice?
Heh.  What's funny is that here I am giving you advice about giving advice and it doesn't seem to be working.  Checkmate.
But that's what I'm trying to say.  You're the rare exception in Dota that would be willing to listen to someone critiquing you during a match.

You shouldn't assume that just because you'd be happy to receive advice that everyone else should be as well.  Every time I've witnessed it or been on the receiving end, it just makes people mad.  

How it usually plays out: The guy receiving advice doesn't want advice and gets upset.  The guy giving advice is just trying to help and gets offended that the other guy is getting offended.  The flaming begins and both players focus more on typing.  Performance suffers and now everybody is mad.  
***NEVER*** give advice to a stranger during a game. It almost always comes across as a passive-aggressive way of calling them a noob and usually never works. 

Plus, it makes you look like you're so good that you can play your role ***and*** micro-manage your teammates at the same time.  I'm pretty level-headed during matches and getting unwanted coaching during a match instantly infuriates me.
No worries man. The internet has given me a nice thick digital skin. Just an apology puts you miles above a big chunk of the dota community. 

No harm, no foul. 
Hmm... That makes sense. I guess I was confused by thinking that no matter how good a player is, he could never guarantee the outcome of the game but I guess there are players that could win a match even with a team of very poor players in the lower ranked matches.

So I guess the matchmaking system is using your win rate and ranking number as a combination to put you in the right matches.
Heh. Guys like you are the reason why I only play Dota casually. There's always that ONE GUY that completely loses his cool over something trivial and feels like he's gotta pound his "eliteness" into the minds of the peasant masses.

Sure, I don't understand how the MMR system works. That's why I labeled my post as a "stupid question." Thanks for the response but labeling me as a "stupid fuck" was uncalled for. But hey, you already apologized, right? So we're good...
Right, but 10,000 games played would be ridiculous.  You'd be right up there with Sonic for the most matches played. 

A more realistic number is, say, 3000 games.  At 51% you've now got 1,470 losses and 1,530 wins.  That would net you 1500 points in your MMR.  I would go from an MMR of 1800 to 3300 after playing ~3000 hours or 125 days of my life in Dota.  
I agree with you.  I shouldn't play in the 4500 matches.  However, I am wondering if some of the players in the 4500 bracket are simply there because they've played thousands of matches; not because they're really good.  

Look at Sonic for example.  His matches say that he's playing in "very high skill level" matches, but his win rate is 49%.  I would argue that, yes, he's a good player, but he has a high ranking MMR because he's played so many matches as well.
Right.  Even when you flip a coin a million times, you'll get stretches of flips that are all heads.

My argument is that if the match-making system is working correctly, we'll all end up at a 50% win rate eventually.  You'll have outliers that are higher and they'll have a higher MMR.  

But say you have a 52% win rate.  That means you're only getting 2% of those 25 points that are awarded after a match.  That's only .5 points added on to your MMR over time for each match.  Going from an MMR of 1800 to 4500 would take ***5,400*** ranked matches. 

That's why I think **matches played** is also a factor in your MMR.
So say I want to climb to a 4500 MMR from an 1800 MMR ranking.

If each match awards ~25 points, then I need to win 108 matches which would award 2700 points.  

Say I do beat the average and my win rate is 55%.  If I win 108 matches then I've also lost 91 matches which would remove 2,275 points.  I now have a ranking of 2225 after almost 200 matches.  And that's even with a pretty damn good win rate of 55%.  Hell, even Dendi is around 56-60%.
Shouldn't we all be stuck where we started?  It's very obvious that the more and more you play, the closer and closer you're going to get to 50%.

That's why I don't understand why there's so many players that have such high MMRs.  Say you're an outlier with a 55% win rate.  Technically, you should only be slightly higher in your starting MMR because you win 10% more of the matches than what you lose.
Never noticed this until now, but Czekras' job 3 is really underwhelming.  The reduction of fire damage is so niche it's really not that useful.

I'd go leviathan because he's simply a slightly lower tier SS mage with those AOE attacks.
Your comment just killed all the hype and interest I've had in VR because I've never been able to experience it for myself.  If a 1440p screen doesn't have enough pixel density then there's no hope for VR until we get 4k screens at the VR headset size.  

On top of that, you'll need some killer hardware to push that many pixels.  Even most desktops struggle with 4k right now. A mobile display with mobile hardware that can push 4k is probably at least 5 years out.  That bums me out.


The only reason I listen to my voicemails is to get rid of the icon.  I really need to have my voicemail message say to send a text and NOT leave a voicemail.
I think Terra Battle has taken some cues from Puzzle and Dragons where the game is really complex but it doesn't provide any info inside the game and any serious player has to do some digging on the internet.
He's just referencing that, long-term, the iPad Air 2 will be unusable because of increased functionality and software bloat.  Just because you don't need lots of RAM right now, doesn't mean you won't need it in a few years.

I have the same problem with my iPad 2 that I bought only three years ago.  It's horrifically slow and painful to use ever since I updated to iOS 7.  Yes, it's outdated, but why should I have to fork out $500 every couple of years to get a decent device?  If Apple would just stick a ton of cheap RAM and other cheap additions, the longevity of their devices would increase drastically.
I honestly think there is code in the game that checks what materials you need and makes those items even more rare in hunting zones.  I don't think it's completely RNG.  I've read too many instances where somebody can't get a certain rare material and they'll have tons of the stuff they don't need.  

It also happened to me.  I needed tons of Animaton and ended up with a ridiculous amount of all of the other materials EXCEPT Animaton.
Nah.  Gasoline is too expensive.  They'll just turn the sprinklers off and never water or mow until the grass dies on its own.  Weeds are a form of xeriscaping, right? :(
Nice! Terrabattlex.com has tons of good info on the chapters
You need to attack with a dark attack each turn. If you attack with a dark attack it will stun Toxoid and he'll lose a turn.  

Zenzoze and Gaiga are both dark attributes so make sure you pincer Toxoid with them every turn while you use your other four characters to take out the little guys.
I tried this last night when the Dota 2 network was down.  I restarted steam in offline mode and opened up Dota 2 just to play bots but I got the same error that it tries to connect to the Dota 2 network before allowing you into the game.  

Kind of sucks because between my internet going out and Valve having issues with their servers my connection isn't very reliable so offline bot mode is the only saving grace.  I hope they fix it.
I don't know... I've got an R4 that I love, but there were a bunch of things that this review pointed out that I'd love to have.  

The bottom filter being removed from the front was huge for me, as it's a pain to remove it from the back. 


Well.... looks like this makes my Lewto a little less special.
Not sure. I've never bothered to water cool mine. 
The removable solid front panel, the panel in front of the fan is a little more transparent/breathable, and it looks like it might be a little bigger to accommodate more water cooling options.
This looks like a minor bump from R4 from what I could see.  That's actually exactly what they should do with an almost perfect case in my opinion.
Agreed.  Not everybody wants a case that looks like it's from the movie Tron.
***D  E  E  P     I  M  P  A  C  T***
What a stacked team...  Your damage output when you're hitting with the power point is ridiculous.
Here I was so proud of 23 this morning.  42 is insane.  Which character in your team makes the biggest difference?
Nice!  This thread has really brought out the less vocal players that are just playing the game with whatever is thrown at them.
Wow.  That's actually pretty cool that you can get through it and that Mistwalker created a game where you *technically* don't have to spend any money.

I guess spending money simply means upping your chances for a better character and easier play-through of the game.
So... an Earthrise?  Is that even word?
I had to downvote you because you've got some false information in your comment.  Marrying fourteen year olds was NOT a common practice in the 1840's.  In fact, it was just as shocking back then as it would be today.

See [article](http://www.sltrib.com/opinion/1796967-155/joseph-1840-lds-brides-church-smith) in SL Trib from Sunday
That's a good idea. I should have done that already. Thanks!
That's what I was thinking.  In my last post, everybody suggested just grabbing the savedata file and transferring it over to my new phone and I'd be good to go.

I've been trying to do that, but without root, it's not looking good...
I spent $100 so I'm hoping they can be extra helpful because of my generosity. ;)  

I had so many good cards it kills me that I forgot to back-up my account before my screen got smashed.
What do think his point was?
Did you even watch the video?  It's not laziness.  It's the fact that no matter who I vote for, they're going to get integrated into a system where nothing gets done, elected officials act like idiots, and nobody cares.
John Oliver does a pretty good job at why I can't be bothered to go out and vote today.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIMgfBZrrZ8&feature=share
Yeah.  I'm gonna do this if all else fails.  I'm used to Puzzle and Dragons where if you're a paying customer it's a lot easier to find your info and help.  I would imagine it's similar with this game where they can link it to my Google Play account.
Awesome.  I'll try this when I get home.
Wow. That sounds a little too easy.  I searched through all the folders that I could find on my device and I can't find any savedata.bin file.  Do you need root access to do this?
I never tried that because I had no idea my phone would get destroyed.  I was hoping there might be some way to access the game files through USB or something.

Thanks for the tip, though.  I'll probably try contacting support once I get my new phone.
But that's where I struggle.  A spiritual confirmation that he wasn't a fraud means that what he did was okay.  To me, those two things don't jive together.  

In my mind, you can't be a special witness of Christ and a prophet of the restoration at the same time that you can marry a 14 year old girl after her mom rejected you.  I realize prophets aren't perfect, but I believe it's dangerous to let it pass like it's not important.
Sorry.  I must have missed that you run your own business.  Carry on being a dick to everyone around you.  You've EARNED IT.
I didn't claim otherwise.  Good day, sir.
Eh.  Just chiming in. Your original response was douchey.  Justifying it by saying you don't have time to sugar coat shit is douchey, too.  

You're kind of a douche. Just saying.
I'm having network problems with Steam and Dota.  I'm thinking there's a larger network problem and it might not be your friend's PC.
Your commas out in space are hurting eyes.  Pls fix OP.
Chum buckets. Heh.
If you treat these things like trophies, then sure.  Different strokes for different folks.  

I just had a moment where I thought, "Damn, when am I ever really going to use Brachys?" The answer was "probably never" but if I ever want him, I can get him from the new mech-dragon dungeon so I got rid of him.
Small tip if you're feeling a little cramped: My box used to be exactly like that until I did a "cleanse" a few months ago.  I got rid of a TON of monsters that I never used like the mech dragons, ripper dragons, sky dragons, starter dragons, collab monsters, etc.  Everything that could be easily acquired again if I ever needed them on a team was fed away.  

Now, my box just has the gods and essential monsters that make up my 12-14 teams that I run.  I have way more spaces for evo materials and skill-up fodder now and burn less stamina going after that stuff because it's already sitting in my box.
That picture makes me shudder. I've got a max skilled Byakko and I still have nightmares of all the stamina lost trying to get those damned dark keepers.  

I had a streak of going into the keeper of the rainbow dungeon and getting the light keeper 12 times in a row.  I reached the point where I started feeding my light keepers and rainbow keepers.
Looks like you've only skilled up the easy stuff.  Wait until you have to evo stuff before trying.  I have a max skilled Pandora and Byakko, but I've got PTSD from the experience.  

Leveling up the fodder, farming evo mats for weeks, full box of crap dedicated to all this stuff and then......... 0/5, 1/5, 1/5, over and over.  So frustrating.
Heh.  Didn't even notice that.  I turned off the subreddit style from day one.  As a grown man at work, I can't have all that shit all over my screen.
I agree with you but it still kinda' sucks.  

The mindset of "your **server** has a lower rate of return for us as a company, so therefore you get less" is lame.  I've probably spent more money on this game than a lot of players on the JP server but since the server that I play on doesn't generate as much money, I get treated as a second class customer. Thx GungHo.
/end of thread.

Seriously.  This is a great answer and something I hadn't thought of before.  There would be significant demand increases to their servers and that's something that they might not be prepared for.  I'll take my soapbox and go home now.  Hopefully your comment floats to the top.
Exactly.  As a side note, if I was simply playing for free then I don't think I'd have any right to complain.  However, I've spent well over $300 over the past year that I've played the game and am simply asking for the better version that's already been created and tested on another server.
There should be an /r/aww_programming, right?

My beef is that the change (however complicated or simple it is) has already been made and tested in the JP version of the app.  This time, there's no hiding behind the excuse of "translation" or "licensing issues" for the NA team.  They're simply holding it back because of some mysterious reason.
So... It's up and running in the JP app which means they've already done all the testing necessary.  Why would NA be any different?
Damn... it sounds like you've got coding PTSD or something dude.  I'm picturing you in a straight jacket while I read your comment.

Like you, I'll give them them the benefit of the doubt, but only idiots would make something so simple as a refresh rate "game breakingly complicated" in their code.
It's a huge priority.  P&D forums and this subreddit blew up when we found out about the change over a month ago.  Instead, we get the old descend dungeons into normal dungeons and few new ultimate evos.

Regression testing should be a breeze when all your doing is changing a value from 10 to 5 in the code.  
It's literally that simple if they set it up right in the first place.  Just change the code in the app and also on the server and push out a tiny update.  It actually might not even require a update it's so small
Just by knowing that the stamina refresh rate is going to change has deterred me from spending stones to refresh my stamina.  Why refresh if doing so is only going to be half as valuable in the future?

I play JP Pad as well and I can't even keep up with all the stamina I get.  It's awesome and would be really nice for my higher ranked US account.
That's basically the team I use except I don't have a 2nd Pandora.  I use Hanzo.  Both Hanzo and D/B Vamp are ready on the first floor in case you don't have 6 dark orbs.  A 9x row is all you need for the first floor.

Also, a max skilled Pandora and Byakko make this dungeon a breeze.  Well... they make almost every dungeon a breeze.  Who am I kidding?
When I saw the [2:30] in the title I knew Murai was gonna' have a bad time.  At least he could laugh about it. I'd be pissed for burning through 100 stamina.
Build pyramids?
I'd like to have a word with the dude that dreamt up team cost.  It's stupid.
Or just the difference between jumping in to endless corridor really quick to make sure you have that magical 12025+ HP to handle the dungeon.  Not that hard...

On a side note, I REALLY wish PaD would display your HP, ATK, & RCV totals after you select your friend and before you enter the dungeon.  It's so weird how they're really specific about numbers on some stuff and really vague on others.  For example: Active Skill: Block some damage for a while. WTF.
Kali seems to have sparked a lot of the endgame players' interest.  I subscribe to a bunch of Japanese PaD players that hadn't posted in a weeks/months and now they've all got new videos running Kali leads or rolling the REM trying to get her.

In my opinion, it's kind of a temporary fix for a game that's rapidly losing interest in Japan.  GungHo's stock price is hitting all time lows and it makes me think they're going to cut back on content and work on developing a PaD sequel or something.
I run his fully evo'd form on my Pandora team when I don't need as many orb changers.  His nuke/boost active and two row awakenings add a huge boost to the already ridiculous numbers.

I view him as kind of a "luxury" god because he's not essential in any way.
I'm waiting for the stamina recharge rate to drop to 5 minutes before I start attempting that dungeon.  I hate the feeling where you jump in, die, and then you basically can't play anymore for like 8 hours.
> mothers of drunk drivers

Those drink drivers' mothers gonna' be pissed.  Their kids should be allowed to drive drunk on the roads without those pesky self-driving cars!
I love when we get compensation and I have no idea what it's about.  I guess I'm not hardcore enough to notice delays and problems with the game.


I read an article a while back about if you're concerned about privacy, then the NSA is more likely to monitor your activity.  Wouldn't your paid email account just be a target for snooping since it offers privacy as one of its features?
There's a thread going on over at P&D Forums about how skill-ups are the worst part of this game.  EVERYBODY hates it and I hope this video sparks some attention on GungHo's end to fix it.  

To spend that much time and effort and not get *anything* from it causes more people to quit the game.  
True.  Hadn't thought of that.  Zhuge has eluded me but I can fill in that spot with another TPA sub or a sub with some row enhances when two enemies aren't present.  I'll have to play around with it.

Not feeling so crappy about Ganesha anymore.  Thanks.
I guess...

I watched some YouTube videos of players running 2 ganesha leads in the weekend dungeon.  They ended up with 1 million gold in 1 run but it took FOREVER because he doesn't have any attack multipliers.
I have all the Elements (shaitan, thanatos, genie, etc.) so I usually just take them if I need 100% defense.  

I guess he'll be a little more versatile, but I still feel like he's like the one major "troll" god in all of the pantheons.
And I'll anxiously await the impending reverse-split when TECS gets down  into the sub $10 levels.  Ttyl.
Doesn't matter if you're long term or not.  Buying a decaying, leveraged ETF that's lost 75% of it's value since inception is *never* something you want to buy.  

Go park your money elsewhere and quit tossing out terrible stock picks.
Heh.  Keep holding that 3x leveraged ETF.  Surely the decay won't affect you.
I'd like to think so.  The two kids that I have are so extremely unique that they individually add value to my life in ways that the other doesn't.  I don't see why it would be any different if I was to add a third.

I do believe that the value isn't completely linear, though.  I think there would be diminishing returns of "hapiness" with each child.  Too many would just become overwhelming and I would have to manage my children more than enjoy them.
I haven't found anything that can come close to the value that my two kids have added to my life.

Not rubbing it in your face.  Just wanted to mention that there are people out there that have children for reasons outside of a financial perspective.
Yes they did
Too big to fail.
Should we debate it all over again? Could be fun...
While I agree that Roku's aren't killing Comcast, using CEO salaries is not a good way to measure the health of a company.  CEO's of large corporations like Comcast usually make a killing regardless of performance.
[Twilight Concert Series](http://twilightconcertseries.com/) is happening in Pioneer Park (400 S 400 W) tonight.  You can take Trax from the airport to downtown, get off on the Gateway Center Exit and walk South a few blocks.  

That is, if you like Beck, of course. :)
It was probably the staff member.  Just his way of meeting the 110 lbs lady.  You're ruining his whole plan.
I've always wanted to discuss this in /r/personalfinance but have never brought it up.  The "rule of thumb" on how much you can spend on housing is extremely flawed if you're basing it on a percentage.  That never works because cost of living is so different in every area and you only need so many basic necesseties.   

Nobody ever says, "You generally want to spend about 30% of your income on food and groceries every month".   For a family who only makes $25k per year, that sounds about right. For someone who makes $150k per year, they'd be spending $3750/month on groceries.  Ridiculous.

The "rule of thumb" that should be given out as advice in this subreddit should be DO THE MATH and see what you can afford based on your budget.  
So how are we supposed to fact check this exact piece of news that we're all jerking over from Snowden?  Should we send a few Redditors to Syria and check the server history?
These are great!  We need more NA PAD YouTube channels.  You've got some incredible teams to show off.  
Subscribed.  That was incredible and easily the highest damage output I've ever seen with the exception of Anubis teams.  

I wish PAD would total your damage and show it on screen so it's easier to see.
I'm chomping at the bit to UVO my 2nd Loki.  JP has had them for awhile.  I wish the US updates would come a little quicker.
Super Golds are starting to show up more often in the guerrilla dungeons so these aren't are as rare as they used to be.  Luck still intact. ;)
No. Those games are commonly referred to as First Person Shooter Shooters. Duh.
Could have been the mulch fire smoke that was burning on 3600 South.  It was blowing right into downtown and smelled horrible.  I'm sure there was a lot of weed smoke, but the mulch fire was not helping.
FireTV has a cast app that works just like Chromecast
I'm gonna' sound like a fanboy here, but I bought an Amazon FireTV after I purchased a Chromecast.  The FireTV does everything the chromecast does and more.  You can sideload android apps (like XBMC) on the thing and do all kinds of stuff. 

I'm not sure why this article omitted the Fire from the "head-to-head" streaming race.  It's a major contender.
Active
5% down 30 year conventional.
Agreed.  Just got a quote from another company.  $500 processing fee and $795 underwriting fee for a total of $1,295 origination charges.  It pays to shop around. :)
Here's the GFE verbatim:

Our origination charge: $7,235

Your credit or charge (points) for the specific interest rate chosen:

You receive a credit of $2,784.69 for this interest rate of 4.000%. This credit **reduces** your settlement charges

Your adjusted origination charges: $4,450.31

Here's a snapshot: [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Qz0haD0.png)
That's awesome and really what it should be.  Now that everything is online, filling out digital paperwork really shouldn't cost very much.
Good to know.  I just got off the phone with the bank that I work with regularly and they said they could do the loan for 1% and waive the $500 processing fee.  

That alone would save me $3500 plus I wouldn't be selling points on the loan and would get a better rate.  I'm gonna' tell the current guy to take a hike.
All the family members that I've talked to say .5% to 1% is normal.  That's why I'm shopping around.  Just wanted to see if there were any other brokers/lenders on this sub that could chime in.
$7k is the original fee.  He's selling points to bring the origination fee down to $4k.
Thanks for the thoughtful response.  Regarding principles remaining the same, I think we'll just have to agree to disagree there.  In my opinion black people can't just be "cursed" for thousands of years and denied spiritual privileges because of the mistakes of Cain or Laman and Lemuel. That's in direct contradiction with our own second article of faith.  

As you can probably tell, I'm a member but I struggle with certain aspects of the Church and that's why I sympathize with Kate Kelly. I'm not really concerned about women getting ordained to the priesthood more than I'm concerned with the "don't vocalize your questions/doubts" stance that the Church is taking recently.  I liked [Uchtdorf's talk](https://www.lds.org/general-conference/2013/10/come-join-with-us?lang=eng) about doubting your doubts and felt like I was still welcome in the Church.  Now, it seems like they're backtracking on that and drawing a line in the sand.  Especially with the upcoming trial for John Dehlin.

Too bad Sunday School can't be more like this where we can just talk openly without getting offended. I appreciate you taking a stab at my questions.
That makes a little more sense. Thanks.  

I honestly don't want to get into some lengthy internet debate with a stranger, but your response does lead me to one more question.  If God is omniscient, and has a prophet to talk to, why doesn't he just get his message across correctly the first time?  

In Mormon 9:9 it says "*God is the same yesterday, today, and forever*."  


Shouldn't his "word/doctrine/truth" be unchangeable?  Sure JS and BY lived in a different time, but you would think that God would just set a standard and we have to find a way to deal with it.  

I mean, how many things have been changed since the 1830s that are supposed to be directly from God?  Polygamy, blacks and the priesthood (changed twice), word of wisdom, the temple endowment, birth control, blood atonement, etc. etc.  There's a ton of stuff that has evolved or even been completely deleted from church doctrine, but we have scriptures that tells us God is the same.  It doesn't make any sense to me.

Bringing it full circle, what if women eventually receive the priesthood 10 years down the road?  Where would Kate Kelly stand with the Church then?  The same thing happened with people that got excommunicated in the seventies for being "pro black" and then blacks received the priesthood in 1978.
Interesting. I'm still a little confused, though, as to who's correct.  Oaks contradicts Joseph Smith and Brigham Young.  Do we just go with Oaks because it's the most current?

Plus, if we regard conference talks as official as modern scripture, then we've got another can of worms.  There's a bunch of stuff that's been said over the pulpit that isn't Church doctrine and would be pretty scary if it were.


But that's ultimately the problem.  Find a place in Mormon doctrine where it clearly defines that women cannot hold the priesthood.  The Bible mentions prophetesses, women perform ordinances in the Temple, and Joseph Smith gave women the power to perform blessings in the early days of the church. [[Source](https://www.sunstonemagazine.com/pdf/115-6-30-43.pdf)]

So, it's not as clear as a simple math equation, in this instance.  Kate Kelly tried to go through the proper channels and was ignored at least 5 times.  That's why it turned into a "movement" or a "protest" because nobody would provide any answers or even talk to her.

I do think it might have been handled differently, but there's no instruction manual for asking questions in the Mormon church because we're taught strict obedience.  It got messy, but I guess that was to be expected.
I thought it turned into a movement because nobody would talk to them.  Kate Kelly said on her interview on Radio West that they asked the Relief Society General Presidency 5 times to sit and talk with them and were ignored every time.  

Going through the proper channels got them nowhere so they made a big deal out of it just to try and get someone to talk to them.
Was going to say the same thing.  I didn't see anything particularly spectacular from that play. Lots of daggers, phantom strikes, bottle charges and wand.

The enemy never really focused on him and his supports kept his health up so he could chase everybody around.  9 times out of 10, most people would have done the same thing if they've got plenty of health.

I'm not saying Arteezy isn't good; just that this instance wasn't something to post about and drool over.
Except when it comes to practice bots in-game... oh, the frustration.
I love how all of the prophesies that are in the Book of Mormon about "our day" end at the founding of America and only revolve around events that relate to America even though the Church is now a "global" church.   

All the ancient prophets looked into the future and saw NOTHING significant after the revolutionary war, huh?  I guess World War 2 and the Holocaust that wiped out 6 Million Jews was pretty boring to ancient prophets and not worth mentioning.

Weird how they also mentioned that the world would gradually get worse and worse before the 2nd Coming^TM when things are actually getting better and better.  I guess this really isn't the 11th hour after all...
Everybody's forgetting that 4k monitors/TVs are getting pushed into the market right now.  You need some seriously powerful GPUs to handle that resolution.  I would imagine processors won't grow as quickly but GPUs are going to continue to try and keep up with the demand to handle more pixels.
Bookmark for later
Drawn Joker will only resist Water and Dark if he's fully evolved.  You can take hits from Beserk, but Highlander will be a problem.  Plus, you're attack will be so low because you won't have any multipliers.  It would be tough.
Once you get into those dungeons where there are bosses with really high defenses you need to bring along a poison or defense break sub.  You've got a Lilith so bring her along and see if that will work. 

Focus on leveling Kirin and her subs while you're playing through the game with Loki or Horus and definitely snag an Echidna when her dungeon comes around.   
I tried a similar team with Loki as a leader and Lucifer as a friend and had a lot of trouble even though I had read everywhere that it wasn't that bad.  

Do you have anything else besides Top Droidragon that you could use?  The reason I ask is because he's not being included in the HP/ATK/RCV multipliers that your leaders are giving you.  Echidna isn't either, but you really need her for the delay.
What descends are you having trouble with?  It looks like you beat Izanami descends judging by what you've got and that's a tough 
dungeon to beat.
Valkyrie, Hermes, Yamato Takeru, and Yomi are your best bets for leaders.  Level, evolve and build teams around those guys and you should be able to clear a lot of dungeons in the game.
Hera-Ur was freaking hard for me and I took in an all max leveled Byakko/Hera-Is/Echidna/Loki/Hades/Byakko team and still had to spend a few stones.  That was also on Legend.  I can't even imagine on Mythical.

You're at a severe disadvantage trying to take in Bastet because you're running so much green which is weak to red.  I think Horus would have an easier time in that Dungeon than Bastet would.  You've got some good leaders and subs, you just need to evolve and level a lot of them to be able to take some hits.
[This](http://www.youtube.com/user/wmjpajtagtw/videos) guy uses Blue Sonia a lot and does really well with her.  You've got some good red subs that could fit into a Red Sonia team but I'm not sure if you're ready for Two Heroes.

Bastet is also really good for Two Heroes.  I beat it with Bastet/Izanagi/Genbu/Yomi/Okuninushi/Bastet, but that was a pretty heavily tailored team towards Bastet.  You've got to have good subs with her.  

Ideally you should run some green/light orb changers and healers and evolve your Big Shynee into King Shynee for burst.  If you pull off a 16x combo that turns into 48x while King Shynee is active.  That's perfect for the bosses at the end of dungeons.
Woah... You have the absolute ideal team for Pandora.  Gryps Rider, Hanzo, Vampire, Loki, Purple Fruit Dragon...

[This](http://www.youtube.com/user/donald02hk/videos) player in Japan uses that team to crush most difficult descends.  I'd work on max skilling and leveling them up and you'll be good to go.  

As a side note, your Kirin can tackle most of the descends as well.  You just need to level her up a ton as well as her subs so you can take a few hits when you don't have the R/G/B/L orbs that you need on the board.
Focus on leveling Highlander (Cu Chulainn), Kirin, and Loki as your leaders.  I started with Loki and cleared a ton of normal and technical dungeons by pairing up with SoD Lucifer friends.  

Kirin will take you through the end of the game but she needs a ton of work before you can use her.  Grab her standard subs (Valkyrie, Verche, Echidna, Hera-Is) when their dungeons come around and evolve and level them all.

Cu Chulainn is also a great leader when he is fully evolved.  (3x balance)  There are a bunch of "balanced" monsters that can run with him and you can evolve your Big Woodsie into King Woodsie for a 3x burst.  
I graduated 3 years ago in CM and I'm now an estimator for a large commercial construction company.  I can't speak for the project management side but I can tell you that both sides are sitting in front of a computer and lots of paperwork.  Lots of guys in school think they should go into operations because estimating would be boring but there's a lot of similarities.

I love my job and really like that every 3 or 4 weeks I'm working on a project that's completely different than what I was doing.  One month I'm learning all I can about a hospital that I'm bidding and the next month I'm learning all I can about a parking structure.  

Free time is tough because the construction industry lives and dies on deadlines.  I can never plan my schedule more than a couple weeks in advance because I don't know what's coming down the pipeline.

Flexibility is okay.  I know a lot of PMs that have left construction to work as owner's reps and a few that have transitioned into working for developers.  Construction estimating and developing go hand in hand so if you're thinking about development, you might want to think hard about going into the estimating side of construction.

The pay is great for only requiring a bachelor's degree.  Out of school you'll make on par with what civil/structural/elec engineers are making but the degree is so much easier.  3 years out I make $70k/ year as an estimator and will hopefully make the jump to Sr. Estimator within the next couple of years at around $90k/yr

If you go the PM route, you might have to move around a little bit depending on the project location but once you have some seniority in the company, they'll try and keep you local and have you simply travel more for distant projects.  Sr. PMs at my company travel twice a month to each project they're working on which usually results in a couple days per week of travel if they're managing two projects out of state at a time.

Green building is still prevalent with LEED but the LEED organization is starting to get a little greedy and requiring a lot of time and money to remain a LEED AP.  Most guys coming out of school, including myself, simply see it as a resume builder than actual valuable working knowledge.  A lot of architects now use green design without having to jump through all the hoops that LEED requires.

Additional advice would be one word: INTERNSHIP.  Get an internship and get experience and your foot in the door.  That was one of the biggest differentiators for guys coming out of school with a job all lined up.  Good luck!
I'm not a huge fan of CNBC, but this topic interests me.  Several times the article referenced that the reason these corporations are hoarding cash is because of healthcare costs.  Can anyone explain why healthcare would cause these companies to do that?

I'm of the mindset that companies are sitting on cash because they simply don't know what to do with it.  Look at Apple, for example.  There's  bickering going on simply over share buy-backs.  
Correct.  It's also an idea that's several years old that has never come to fruition.  Cool innovation, but a long way away from being practical.
Seriously.  Every review I watch that this guy puts out is EXACTLY the information I'm looking for.
I believe it's in the US.  The server's name is Veal.  I was on Rice previously and it got pretty spotty more often than veal does.
I have an i5 3570k and GTX670 in my desktop and casting works flawlessy on the highest setting.  Not bragging, just providing a benchmark to those who'll read this to know what works.

I still want more native apps that can run other stuff without a lot of tinkering, though.  VLC, XBMC, PLEX and something to stream from an FTP server (my seedbox in particular) would be awesome.
I have 50mbps down and 15 mbps up from Comcast.  My local wireless network is all wireless N with a 300 mbps router.

I've found that Whatbox generally can keep up with the bandwidth necessary for HD content except at peak hours of the day (7-10 PM)  It's pretty spotty at those times and sometimes can't even keep up with SD content.

I tried Feral for a month to see if it was any better and I got absolutely atrocious speeds from them.  The max I saw at any time was maybe ~200 kbps.
It's highly dependent on your network speed and the power of the device it's coming from.  I only tested it last night by streaming content from my desktop to Chromecast.  My desktop has in i5 3570k and a GTX670 so it's got a lot more processing power than my laptop and mobile devices.

That being said, I streamed HD content just fine (when Whatbox's servers could keep up with the necessary bandwidth).  The only hitch was the audio syncs with the Chromecast and the TV, so I had to turn off my other speakers because it continues to play locally on my desktop as well.

Pretty cool, but I'm mostly excited to see what developers come up with that can streamline getting content through Chromecast because the native netflix/youtube/google movies method is incredible.
Nevermind.  After a bunch of tinkering around I found the application "Dokan" that's listed in Whatbox's wiki to mount my slot's content as a local volume.  Then I can drag and drop a movie onto one of the chrome tabs and play it from there.  It works really well.
Out of stock!  NOOOOOO!!!!
I'm picturing you lathering up with soap and shampoo at the side of the pool before you jump in while everyone else stares at you in horror.
Dude...

You're spamming puns all over this thread.  Enough already.
I think two is even better !!
There are a bunch.  Be direct with the recruiter and ask how ***they*** feel about mass surveillance and restriction of privacy.  Or, just ask if you'll get laid off if the Supreme Court decides that mass surveillance is deemed unconstitutional.  Those aren't inflammatory but get discussion going.

/u/hedup also brought up some very good questions in a comment below that should be asked to the recruiters.

http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/1hy2cw/nsa_recruiters_getting_grilled_regarding_mass/caz797e

"If I take this job, how should I act in an instance of such law contradiction? Should I act upon the highest of laws or political policies (laws below - e.g. Espionage act)?"

"Should I consider lawfulness of my actions at all? Maybe I should instead concentrate just on 'client' requirements (not laws at all)?"
***Very*** good points.  Those are the 'tough questions' I'd like to see asked at one of these.
I'm trying to find the link to the info that I heard on NPR today about how the government has been acting upon a precedent set by railroad construction back in the 1980s, but I'm having trouble finding it.

Basically, the premise was that the government wanted the laborers building the railroad to be constantly screened and monitored for intoxication, drug use, etc.  If the railways were built improperly it was detrimental to public safety so laws were pushed through to allow the government to do so.  

Now, they've broadened the same precedent to justify mass surveillance using the 'threat to public safety' as their safety net.

Trust me, I don't like it as much as you do, but that's how screwed up our system is.  It's the same thing as the controversy in the news a few weeks ago over Apple evading taxes.  It's not Apple's fault the tax code is screwed up; they're just taking advantage of it.
Guilt for what?  The NSA is not doing anything legally wrong.  Spying and mass surveillance is within the legal bounds of our current policies.

The policies and laws need to change.  That's what we're all upset about.  That this stuff is actually legal, and it shouldn't be.
I'm not against having alternative information come up in these recruiting sessions, but the people asking these 'questions' weren't presenting information, they were attacking the recruiters with semantics and tossing out some recent headlines in between.
>They're human garbage.

>Those are valid questions and those recruiters should be thinking about them. They're all guilty of treason.

So, guilty until proven innocent, huh?  Hate the government for doing it and turn right around and do it yourself.
Asking tough questions is good, but a lot of these were simply inflammatory rather than 'tough questions'.  These recruiters aren't the ones that are actively doing the surveillance and hiding secrets and telling lies.  This session was akin to yelling at a Comcast Service Rep for terrible prices and monopolizing their business operations.

Congress needs to be ones asking the tough questions to the NSA directors, but when was the last time that ever happened?
Your comment has a hint of 'blue team' bias in it.  If you had left that out, I'd largely agree with you.
Are you for real?  I just switched last week from an iPhone to a Galaxy S4 and I couldn't be happier.  My opinion is anecdotal, but so is yours.

Nobody should invest in a company based on the **hope** that the company will do *something* to turn their current course around.  Apple is very secretive with their projects and I'm staying away until they give me a good reason not to.
I was in the same boat, but I chose to pay off my student loans and put off buying a house.  There were some really good deals to be had two years ago that I missed because I wanted to get out of debt and increase my purchasing power.  

However, if I could jump in a time machine and go back, I don't think I would change my decision.  Having $27k off my back is really starting to pay off now that I'm not dumping all of my left over money into those stupid loans.  I'm now saving for a down payment and watching the markets carefully.

Take my advice for what it's worth, but in my opinion, **right now** (as in this month and the next few) is actually the worst time to buy.  Interest rates have spiked but home prices haven't had the chance to cool off yet.  I'm guessing interest rates won't go too much higher as that would cripple the "recovery" and home values will stop rising so rapidly.  I'm tentatively thinking about getting serious at the end of the year and purchasing at the beginning of the 2014.
&#3232;\_&#3232;
They've got this top secret new phone coming out.  It's rumored to be called the ***iPhone 5s*** and will be their most innovative and beautiful phone they've ever made.  It's totally going to be a game changer, ***again***.  Plus, iOS 7 has rainbows in it.
I wouldn't say that your budget is out of line.  You're counting your savings and house maintenance as a sunk cost each month which it really isn't and shouldn't deduct from your net savings each month.

The money you have left over each month is really $705.50.  You're just allocating $125 and $150 each month to cover any unforseen emergencies or events which is what you should do.  

People are mentioning you're one emergency away from losing everything but that's not the reality.  Emergencies don't happen every month but if something happens every six months, you've got a bare minimum of $750 to cover personal emergencies and $900 to cover home repairs.  Plus, ~$2400 in savings each six months if they're big.

40% of net income is a little cause for concern, but you live in Portland.  I'd say go for it.
The 7870 will be fine at 1080P but the next generation of consoles coming out will up the visuals in games that get developed or ported to the PC.  You could easily upgrade your video card in the future, but keep that in mind as your buying the 7870 right now.

Running games from your HDD also works fine, but there's a definite performance increase with having them on your SSD.  64GB is big enoungh to have one or two installed at a time so it's not going to be a huge deal.  Plus, some games don't need that extra "oomph" from an SSD and some do.  Skyrim, for example has thousands of load screens from one area to another and an SSD makes a huge difference in the game. 
What resolution are you planning on using for gaming?  Single/dual/triple monitor?

Since you already bought the Z87 board you're hands are tied to go with a Haswell CPU.  The 64GB SSD will work fine, but you'll have to constantly manage what you've got installed on the drive.
Classic Cladius.
Okay.  I see what you're asking now. Sorry about that.

My case is at home, otherwise I'd pull off the panel and measure it for you.  Hopefully someone else can respond but I'll check your post again when I get home in ~4 hours and I can do some investigation for you.

Right now I have a SeaSonic 650W and I *think* it could be possible to mount a fan there if I can remember correctly.
I own the Define R4 but I'm not really sure what you're asking.  Are you looking to put fans on the *bottom* of the case where the PSU sits?

There are openings there with a screen filter on the bottom but I never considered putting any fans there as I've got plenty of air flow from the two 140mm in the front and 120mm in the back.  The case breathes really well already.
This is great info.  I guess my wife and I just have to decide whether we're willing to squeeze into a smaller home and make it work if we want to live in the areas we're looking at.

We have run into quite a few streets that are really run down and old that have a great street with nice homes just a block away.  

Sometimes we wonder if the "East side" is simply something that's been socially manufactured.  I just love all of the large trees and the quick commute.  It's hard to find those things in other parts of the valley
I'm actually right at the median income according to the [government census](http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/49/4936070.html)
That's what we're seeing as well.  If you're on a budget you have to pick two of three options: size, location, price.

If you want a good size and price, your location isn't going to be that great.  If you want a good location and price, your house is going to be small, etc.
Less than $200k is hard to come by in the valley for a single family home in a decent neighborhood.  I

t sucks that I make above the median income for SLC but can't afford to buy a home in over half of the areas in the valley. 
I work downtown so being able to jump off on I-80 East-bound would help me miss the terrible traffic that always begins at the spaghetti-bowl on South-bound I-15. Also, if we live in Sugarhouse, I could avoid I-15 all together.
This post and subsequent comments scare the crap out of me...

This is just what we need.  Another housing bubble with average home prices skyrocketing higher than the average income.  Didn't we learn anything in 2008?  The Fed really needs to raise the rates to stop this before it gets out of control.
done
You probably know the rankings better than I do.  I was under the impression that Creighton was a good school.  A quick search shows their #119 in the nation.

I'm guessing the tiers are as follows:

T1: 1-14

T2: 15-99

T3: 99-???
First and foremost, be thankful that you actually have a job.  I know quite a few people with crushing student debt from law school that can't find any work at all.  

One friend of mine has been unemployed for over a year even after he passed the bar and graduated from Creighton.  
So in twenty years will we have rappers rapping about how much data their whips can process?

They see me processin'... They hatin'...
I'm interested in this as well, as I was on minocycline and accutane as a teenager.  I don't think I have any mental problems, but maybe I'm just naive. :/
Where do you think the next generation of Moms that ask questions during movies are going to come from?
Complaining that the internet was making him lazy, unproductive, miserable, and out of touch is akin to being angry at McDonalds for making oneself fat.

It's unfortunate that he had to go through an entire year's worth of experiences to realize that.
To each his own, but I cringe at the thought of doing something like this.  I mean, I'm a grown man and still occasionally play videogames, but it's not a hobby that I want to permanently put on display.  

I can't imagine being in my 40's and 50's and having pokemon tattooed on my arm.
If I got in your car and drove away with an exact duplicate, you'd never even know a theft had occurred.

Piracy ≠ Theft
I'm 6'-8".  There are rocks that are more entertaining than me.
Maybe it's because, technically, I didn't contribute anything either.
You're both not really contributing, though...
I prefer the wrap-it-around-my-waist method.
The werewolf part got me in real life :(

/manscape 4 life
Funny, [this](http://i.imgur.com/MuRZXEd.jpg) was actually spotted in the wild in Philly and posted on /r/bodybuilding today.



[Original post](http://www.reddit.com/r/bodybuilding/comments/1cfvft/apparently_they_start_them_off_young_in_west/)
Meh.  Bitcoin still resembles movements that are typical of penny stocks.  Losing more than 50% of its value in a 24 hour time period does not make this a 'solid' investment going forward.  

Factor in the lack of reliable exchanges to buy/sell when things are bad/good and you've got a **very** risky investment here.

Plus, I'm not sure what Bitcoin and its community is trying to accomplish.  Bitcoin is supposed to be a *currency* but it's not an efficient market if everyone is trying to hoard it.
So you didn't do any reading I see...
You might want to do a little more reading on what the Fed is actually doing. The money is NOT being circulated into the economy. Inflation would be skyrocketing if it was.
I guess you and I simply define fun in a different way then.  If you think watching charts and numbers go up and down is fun, more power to you.
There's a huge crash RIGHT NOW.  
Or you could, you know, invest in something that has a higher probability of giving you a positive return and enjoy the ride with less risk and actually make money.

I've been on the sidelines for months with bitcoin because I don't fully understand it.  I've allocated my money to go toward index funds and I'm up 13% YTD.  Not huge gains like everybody seems to be looking for, but I'll take it over losing my shirt.
So does everybody call anything with stripes 'zebras'?  Do you call the American flag the zebra flag?
I tried day trading until I found out about the "pattern day trader" rule for accounts under $25k.  I just jumped in head first and didn't even know the rules of the game I was trying to play.

It was for the best, though.  I was "busy" trading 3x leveraged ETF's and crazy stuff like TVIX and pennies.  That didn't go too well.
I thought these credit rating agencies lost all credibility years ago.  Why do people continue to listen to them?
Virginity Station, huh?  So you guys haven't...you know...
Go on...
I'm shocked you're the only comment I found that mentioned this.  Apparently EVERYBODY calls it a zebra crossing?!?  I've never heard that before in my life.  That sounds like something straight out of kindergarten.
Not^my^problem!
Weird how it rains in the Spring, huh?
That's weird.  2560 x 1440 is really not that much more demanding, especially for a 680.  If you had multiple monitors or something then I'd understand.  

680 is the top performer [here](http://www.techspot.com/review/577-borderlands-2-performance/page4.html)
>since dawn of time

Not too sure about that.  Their share price tumbled after that huge meteor struck the earth and the dinosaurs all died off.  That was scary but definitely a good buying opportunity.
On BL2 I had everything set to high at 1080P *except* PhysX.  If I turned PhysX up past anything above "low" it brought my PC to it's knees.
You've got something weird going on then.  My 670 easily stays above 60 FPS with everything on high in BL2 including PhysX.  I have an i5 3570k and an SSD too.  Maybe that makes a little difference.  

Your 680 should have absolutely no problem.  Outdated drivers maybe?
The gamecube bro is packin' heat!  Balls on top, though.  Kinda' weird.
That's pretty subjective, though.  I built my own PC in 2008 (Q6600 and 9800GTX) and it was still going strong through 2012.  I upgraded to new hardware this year just because I felt like it and I had the money.  The PC I built in 2008 was still decently playing games at 1080P.  I even finished Borderlands 2 on that PC and it looked great.

Graphics don't jump by leaps and bounds every year now because companies are trying to grab as many customers as they can and the games look "decent enough" to most people including myself.

The people who are constantly upgrading their hardware also sell their used hardware to subsidize the upgrade so it's really not as costly as you think.  Plus, the guys who are trying to squeeze out 1 FPS more out of their hardware are just PC enthusiasts/hobbyists.


I was shaking with excitement when I typed it out.  The relevancy blew my mind.
In Russia, 6.2 bangs you.
This might be a long shot... 

With the recent recovery in the markets back to all time highs, couldn't that spur an acceleration of people retiring and leaving the labor market?  

I read a few years ago that a lot of people were postponing planned retirement because their retirement funds were so poor.  Now that they've recovered most of their losses if they never sold during the recession and continued to fund their accounts over the past 3-4 years, their accounts could be a lot more healthy now.  

In other words, there was a lot of "backlog" of people waiting to retire and now we're seeing a big surge taking place due to the market recovery.
That's a very "glass half-full" perspective in my opinion.  

Food, utilities, living expenses are *never* going to go away until your dead so there's really no need stress over those things.  Paying the mortgage is putting some money towards interest but also towards a principal that is relatively close to "saving" and you *need* a place to live.  Would you rather be renting and have all the money disappear?

You have two cars, your wife can stay at home and raise your kids, you're able to go on small vacations and eat out a couple of times a month all while saving $700/mo.  Your situation sounds pretty good to me.  Sure, things *could* be better, but if you keep things in perspective and look at the big picture, you're better off than most people in this world.

I do agree that the wealth inequality in this country is in a bad spot, but that shouldn't deter people from enjoying their lives.
Married with two kids here so maybe I can help a little more. Our "groceries/household/everything" amounts to $650/mo.  That's rarely coupon clipping but we do buy in bulk at Costco/Sam's Club and grab good deals when we can.

The other things that stick out that are too high is your rent, kid's money and Mom's random money. You're rent is equivalent to a $300,000+ mortgage and what exactly do you buy your kids for $200/mo in addition to $340/mo in preschool? Toys? You're wife's $500/mo random money is way too high too for "miscellaneous stuff" every month.

To me it looks like you guys have gotten used to an expensive lifestyle and now are having a hard time imagining cutting out the things you spend money on every month. 

To put things in perspective even further for you, I make $60k/year and we live very comfortably while still saving ~$1000/mo.  Plus, we just got my youngest out of diapers so we're celebrating the additional $30/mo that we don't have to spend on those stupid things
So we've got a sample size of two now. Things are getting interesting.
I have the Define R4 as well and that thing weighs a ton.  That shelf is seriously making me nervous knowing there's like 40 pounds resting on that thing.
So what's the next bubble?  Many say it's student loans but I don't think that "bubble" can pop/deflate in the traditional way that other bubbles do.  

The previous tech industries that caused the previous recession seem to be humming along and have found a balance (aside from some ridiculous acquisition prices by the larger companies) and the housing market is improving but still far below the 1.5 million starts per year that is the industry standard.  Europe seems to be *slowly* getting their act together.  Off the top of my head, I can't think of anything that can rear it's ugly head in the near future.
Upstate New York, sure.  But LA?  Come on.  Those people freak out when it's 10 degrees colder or warmer than usual.  A skiff of snow on the ground?  SHUT DOWN THE CITY.

Seriously, though.  I was just talking to a buddy who golfed on Tuesday, it snowed a couple of inches at my house this morning, and now it's sunny and warm before noon.  You can't tell me that's not crazy weather.

EDIT: Snowing again.
...and to think that I went golfing in a t-shirt last Saturday.  Ah, Utah.  The most bi-polar weather in the country.
I don't know... You guys are doing a good job at livening things up in here.
Replying on mobile to save your comment. I'd really like to read the book by Asimov as I am agnostic as well. Thanks.
I'm 100% with you on this.  However, what's the solution?  

The only thing I can think of would be 100% transparency within the companies that receive funding from the government to assure tax payers that their money is being used wisely.  

I'm not sure that would even make a difference, though, seeing how other large corporations are allowed to operate even with the general public being largely displeased with them. (Cable & Telecom companies, I'm looking at you)

Even if the government was to start a group similar to NASA there would be a huge stink from the "dirty energy" companies that dominate the nation claiming that the government was trying to push them out of business.
Not exactly an apples to apples comparison...


Most Americans can't afford the present...
The GPU will help in games but seriously consider upgrading your hard drive as your next item.  A 5400 rpm hard drive is really going to cause your system to feel sluggish in and out of games.  

You can go with a small SSD (128GB) and still use your 500GB HDD as storage.
I've see the Blue Cash Preferred card being recommended lately here on Reddit and other sites.

20somethingfinance did a great post a while back about the comparison between the preferred and the blue everyday. [ It has some good info you might want to take a look at.](http://20somethingfinance.com/blue-cash-preferred-review/) 
Do you own any stock with AAPL?  I would imagine that's kind of how it feels right now.

By the way, you should probably post this in /r/apple as it doesn't really fit in /r/gaming.  You'll just get a bunch of comments about how nobody games on a MacBook.
I was sure it would include several words from the phrase "anything I throw at it"

That phrase is starting to get to me...
You have to admit that if the dude is shitting his pants from an intense moment in a videogame that he needs look into more mild forms of entertainment.
From a video game?  

Protip: Stick to solitaire.
So...have at it, bro.  We're not going to write your thesis for you.
Soil nails. Lots of them.
You could add his own scriptures to the end of your letter as well. [Doctrine and Covenants 134:4](http://www.lds.org/scriptures/dc-testament/dc/134?lang=eng).   

>4 We believe that religion is instituted of God; and that men are amenable to him, and to him only, for the exercise of it, **unless their religious opinions prompt them to infringe upon the rights and liberties of others**; but we do not believe that human law has a right to interfere in prescribing rules of worship to bind the consciences of men, nor dictate forms for public or private devotion; that the civil magistrate should restrain crime, but never control conscience; should punish guilt, but never suppress the freedom of the soul.  

*emphasis added

It's unfortunate that a lot of members don't recognize what they're doing when they bring their religion into politics.
Do you know why FHA loans are changing?  

I would suspect it's from all of the previous bad mortgages that are catching up to the underwriters.  Or, maybe the government is focusing less on the promotion of getting everybody into a home to avoid a disaster like we had a few years ago.  Who knows.
Unfortunately it's not speculation in Salt Lake. Our population growth, (thanks to the Mormons) low unemployment due to large tech companies moving here, and a valley surrounded by mountains making land scarce is driving prices up.

Home prices didn't even dip that much during the worst parts of the recession because our economy has stayed fairly robust through it all.  We're turning into a city with "big city home prices" without being an actual big city.
20% is unrealistic for me.  The median home price in my area $220k.  That's $44k that I'd need for 20% down.  I'd need four years to save that.  My family can't stay in this two bedroom apartment for that long.
You'd have to be *monumentally* stupid to mess up on $200k/year.  That's $16k/month.  

A mortgage, two car loans, smart phones, cable, several kids, restaurants a couple of nights a week, etc. that would define a true middle-class family would still leave them $7k+ month for wiggle room.  

If he truly believes that his family doesn't have it that great then the only explanation would be that he grew up with people that had even more money or his parents are very frugal and are hoarding tons of cash for themselves while fully disclosing how much they make and fooling their kid into thinking that $200k is "not that much money"
He probably forgot to mention that his hobbies are hookers and blow.  Life's tough when you have expensive hobbies.
Dude, lay off.  It's fucking hard when your parents *barely* make $200k/year and can *barely* afford to pay for you to go to Rutgers so they have to take out, * gasp *, loans.  The horror.

In all seriousness it sounds like Jimmy_Needles is merely a product of his environment.  He probably grew up in a wealthy neighborhood and has wealthy friends but his family doesn't have *as much* as those that he associates with causing him to believe that he truly is less fortunate.  He really believes that he's not that well off because everyone around him appears to have so much more.
50k and no kids is a piece of cake.  I envy you.  Try making 50k and throw two kids into the mix.  

I actually think that is where demographics are headed.  A highly educated workforce that doesn't earn very much money is the perfect recipe for few/no children.  Uneducated poor people will continue to procreate and what once was the middle class will shrink smaller and smaller.  Wealth inequality is only going to get worse in my opinion.
If you watched the whole video you'd realize that he never said that.  He even goes as far to say that socialism (which means taking from everyone and distributing it equally) doesn't work.

He also doesn't even present a solution.  He's merely showing how skewed wealth inequality is perceived and what it actually is in this country.  Nothing more.  
I feel the same way.  I feel like there is *so much* that needs to be done but it feels so impossible to get any sort of large-scale coordination together to push for change.  I don't want to "fight the system" and start riots but I feel like the avenues that could be utilized for change don't really exist.  Ask our elected officials to help? Nope.  They're part of the problem.  Protest?  I have to work 50 hours a week and be a father.  Rant and rave on the internet?  Only a handful of people will even see this post.

Sadly, people like you and me will probably live out the rest of our lives knowing something needs or will need to be done but nothing will happen until our society reaches an extreme tipping point.  We'll continue to financially scrape by and struggle as things get worse but it probably will never get as bad as it needs to be in order to reach that tipping point in our lifetime.  

It's all very depressing but I've been trying to brainstorm ways to get more out of life without money.  If only I could find more enjoyment in being poor.
20-something finance did a great tl;dr if you don't have the time to read the whole article on TIME.  [Link here](http://20somethingfinance.com/steven-brill-time-magazine-health-care-cost-article/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+20somethingfinancecom+%2820SomethingFinance.com%29)
I see your dilemma.  One thing you could do is put together some simple sketches of what you want to do and have a contractor give you a budget.  

I do that all the time because usually I can tell what needs to be done if I've got a sketch of what is wanted.  The budget won't be 100% accurate but it will give you a better ballpark than having someone simply guess.
I'm late to the party but to answer your question, prevailing wage is used in federal work.  The government sets the labor and burden rates for their projects and they're usually much higher than their standard wage that their company is paying them.  

For example, the last time I bid a federal project brick layer's were mandated to make around $45/hour (which is absolutely absurd) but it's the governments way of checking boxes and keeping minority groups happy.  It also levels the playing field for the general contractors bidding because labor will be the same across the board.  A contractor can't get away with paying his employees low wages to win jobs.
Professional estimator here...

A 3 foot cantilever means you have to brace the cantilever 6 feet back into the house for a total of 9 feet.  That means tearing out a portion or all of the exterior wall and opening up your floor six feet back into the house.  The removal and replacement is what makes this kind of project expensive.  Not just the installation of the new floor joists/beams etc.  Additionally you'll have to get a permit from the city which means you'll need a structural engineer to create a drawing and stamp it.  The city will review the plans and you'll pay all the associated fees.

There are so many variables to how much it could cost I can't give you an accurate answer, though.  Where you live determines cost of labor and even materials.  The size of the cantilever, the exterior wall materials that will be used (brick, siding, stucco, etc.) the flooring that will be placed (hardwood, carpet, tile, etc.)

The best thing you can do is have a contractor look at it and give you an itemized breakdown of the costs associated with the project.  Don't just let him come over and throw a number at it.  Ask to see some detail as to how he'll arrive at the price.

If he doesn't want to "waste his time" putting together an actual estimate then he's probably not going to be worth your time.  Most homeowners also don't know that you can set up a competitive bidding environment.  Have three contractors give you a price to do the work and let them know that they are bidding against two other contractors.  If they know they have some competition, they'll give you a more competitive price if they want the work.
This is extremely accurate and exactly what I did as an intern.  I felt like a telemarketer on some days because I'd be on the phone for 4-6 hours at a time calling subs to make sure they were going to bid the project we were bidding.

I was also assigned easy and inexpensive items to takeoff and cover so if I made a mistake there wasn't hundreds of thousands of dollars on the line.  

I also prepared *a lot* of binders of information and paperwork.  Paper trails are extremely important in construction and especially in estimating.  Amnesia is a prevalent disease when it comes to who's paying for what.
You can educate your competition through RFI's before the bid.  

Everything you think they'll miss put into an RFI even if it's stupid and obvious to you.  The addenda that will be issued will draw attention to the items for the other GC's and all the subs that need to catch it.

For example, if the spec vaguely calls for compression fittings on all conduit, write an RFI asking if it's necessary.  The architect will respond that it is necessary and everyone will pick up on it.
Not entirely true.  ~97% of their revenue does come from advertising but they've monetized other products in the past. (GMail, docs, Maps, Cloud storage, etc.)  

As you probably know, their business model is very different in that the vast majority of their services are used to keep people in front of their ads and ad placement.  

Having their own internet service is huge as they can monitor *all* of the user's internet traffic and Google glass can push ads like no other device before.  I would imagine having driver-less cars that tie into their map data could push even more ads, too.
This is one important fact that differentiates Apple from Google from an investing standpoint.  Google is very open and forthcoming about what projects they are working on.  Apple is extremely tight-lipped with their products except for the occasional iPhone/iPad spec or prototype leak.

I'd feel much more comfortable investing in Google because I can see some potential growth products coming down the pipeline.  Apple has what?  It's way too hard to project growth.
Buffett has also said that he won't touch tech stocks... 

I don't think Berkshire and Apple have enough in common to warrant buying Apple stock based on Berkshire's past performance.  If Apple presents something new and innovative that will drive new revenue then, sure. 

Without that, the mp3/phone/tablet/PC markets are very saturated.  I don't see how they can continue beating earnings expectations by merely updating the specs of their products each year.  

Combine that with a very strict policy of not revealing anything that they're working on and Apple becomes more and more of a gamble.  You can't project sales and growth based on products you know nothing about.
No waterproofing on the foundation, possibly no drip cap/flashing at the base of the siding, and uncompacted backfill screams of a contractor (or subcontractors) that cut corners.  This house most definitely has other problems.

**EDIT**: Also, /r/DIY, you really need to learn the difference between cement and concrete.  Calling concrete "cement" is like calling a pancake "flour".  Cement is just one ingredient of concrete. It's a common joke among professionals in the construction industry and can quickly show you don't know a lot about construction when you say it.
Could these questions be in the form of a questionnaire that we could fill out, rather than an interview?  I'd be interested, but an hour interview plus travel time would be rather inconvenient.


I subscribed to their RSS feed a few years ago and within a couple of days I removed it.  Their website is basically a sloppy "catch-all folder" of the internet.
Passing out while lifting doesn't mean you're "going hard".  It means you're doing it wrong.
Everybody is up in arms in this thread about this decision, but I doubt the vast majority of them even watch the matches.  People tend to forget that businesses/events/media cater to what people want.  They feed the demand with supply.

Wrestling has obviously become a sport that's low in popularity.  This news might cause a spike in interest but it will reverse back to the mean in a few days or weeks just like everything else does.
Oh man.  I'm out of here.  

Rather than simply downvoting posts that don't meet the "criteria" for /r/bestof, people come into the comment section and bitch about it almost EVERY SINGLE TIME.

What's worse, is that sometimes the comments about how terrible the post is have more upvotes than the post has downvotes.  This subreddit has become an absolutely ridiculous waste of my time.
Different strokes for different folks I guess.
It just makes me think that their actual jobs are really boring and tedious so they have to spruce up their environment to compensate.  I can't imagine coding all day is very much fun.
Well, if you want an answer then I would guess that not a lot of money is spent on fighting air pollution.  

They have a big ass "green roof" on top of their conference center.  I've also seen prototypes of new churches that will use solar panels and geothermal HVAC systems  to make their facilities more green, but I highly doubt that the church itself is a large contributor to our poor air quality.  They are, indeed, a contributor but not anywhere near where we need to start pointing fingers and singling them out.

And, yes, they do spend a lot of money on anti-gay propositions, which I don't agree with, but we've rehashed that a million times.
This is the one thing I absolutely hate about internet commentary at a local level.  Salt Lake Tribune, KSL, /r/saltlakecity, etc. is littered with comments that bring the Mormon church into everything.  

We get it.  We all hate the Church; but this is about pollution which *everybody* here is accountable for.
There's no knowing where we're rowing
Expect? No.  Recommend? Yes.

However, like I said before, that recommendation is becoming less prevalent.  I'm not sticking up for Mormons here, I just wanted to point out that women in the workplace is becoming more and more acceptable and common than it used to be in Utah.  Which is a good thing.
If you're building a new system, then definitely go with windows 8.  I use 8 at home and 7 at work.  8 has some real advantages and optimizations that I wish 7 had.  Better SSD optimization, dual-screen management, awesome task manager, boot times, etc.
[This one](http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=2416662&csid=_61)

I keep an eye on [slickdeals.com](http://www.slickdeals.com) to find the deals, though.  SSD's pop up all the time on the front page.  
OP never defined if he was using a desktop or laptop.  

If it's a laptop, that temp is fine.  If it's a desktop, that's not good at all.
OP listen to this guy.

The downgrade from i7 to i5 and the upgrade from 7850 to 7950 is an absolute must if OP will primarily be gaming on his PC.

I wanted to add the recommendation of finding a 128GB SSD for the OS and games.  I got mine for $60 on a killer deal from TigerDirect.  That doesn't put him far over his budget and will be one of the best performance boosters he can get.
Thankfully, that Mormon culture belief is slowly fading away.  It never was a part of official church doctrine anyways and the recommendation was only followed by the most devout members.

I wouldn't really say it's an oppressive issue, but more a lack of interest brought on by other interests being pushed as more important.  People still have the choice.
Yes. I did.  I'm quite certain banks are involved in the writing side of MBS.  Or maybe the fact that Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Barclays, etc. are some of the largest underwriters of MBS's is wrong...


So liar loans, robo-signing, triple A MBS's that were, in fact, not triple A, LIBOR, and CDS's  didn't contain any fraudulent activities, huh?  Interesting.
You need to do an AMA here in /r/economics.  I'd be very interested to hear your very unique side of the story.
I'm not sure as I've never asked for/given out keys.  I would imagine you could just copy/paste the key into a private message here in Reddit.  

If it's too much work, though, don't worry about it.  I have a ridiculous backlog of games to play from the Christmas sales.  
...from all the "gaming" right? 
Care to toss a key my way?  I've been wanting to check it out.
>daring to make money

&#3232;\_&#3232;

You do realize that "daring to make money" is substantially different than committing fraud, right?  Have you even read up on the events that led up to the financial meltdown?
This guy has posted before under /u/lati0s. See original comment [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/12wzmy/transformation_fridays/c6yvo2u) in /r/fitness.  

**His stats from 3 months ago are:**

Age-19

Height- 5'8"

Weight- 173 to 206

Squat- 375x5 to 475x10

Bench press 255x5 to 370x5

Deadlift 385x5 to 525x2

OHP 175x5 to 235x5

**Present Stats:**

Squat 540x8

Bench 390x6, 450x1

deadlift 520x5, 565x1

OHP 260x6, 290x1


As you can see, his lifts are still skyrocketing from 3 months ago. I've never seen accelerated progress like that before at those weights.  Maybe for a beginner starting out benching the bar, but not for a guy repping those numbers.


See that little "edit" button below your post...
[Generally](http://www.thefreedictionary.com/generally)
That's what I thought...

Continue to ask questions in response to questions.  It makes you look really smart.
Geez.  If I were you I would have unsubscribed from /r/nfl a week ago and simply basked in the superbowl win for the entire off-season.
Just answer his damn question.
That's kind of gross, though.  I wouldn't wipe my face with the towel that I use to wipe the equipment.
I'm not even going to argue with you.  You're off on a completely different tangent.
True.  But Target isn't the only "slightly" up-scale place to buy groceries that shoppers would flock to if they have more purchasing power.  There's quite a few local/regional grocery stores that are more expensive places to shop than Wal-Mart.  
That makes absolutely zero sense.
*sigh

I didn't think this would turn into such a shit storm in /r/buildapc.  My main reason for posting is because of his condescension towards 1080P monitors while only using a 1440P monitor himself. 

I use two 1080P monitors so I take a personal offense.  Am I "stuck in the stone age" like he says?  Hell no.  

It's like saying, "Those poor bastards who have to drive a Honda Accord these days" while he himself drives a slightly better Acura and acting like he drives a Ferrari.  It's annoying.  Nothing more.
~~1920 x 1080 = 2,073,600~~

~~2560 x 1440 = 3,686,400~~

~~2,073,600 / 3,686,400 = .5625~~

~~.5625-1 = .4375~~

~~.4375 = 43.75%~~

EDIT: Okay, okay, guys.  No more math.  I get it.  I was wrong.  My mistake.
Doesn't matter.  If the resolution of his screen makes him feel special or superior, then he shouldn't put himself on a pedestal with only a marginally better screen.
Well, both of your statements are both theories at this point.  2 weeks of sales data does not make a trend.  That's like saying global warming isn't happening because it's really cold today.

Two or three quarters of earnings reports would give us a better picture.
Wow... to think that some of those people actually *believe* that they're posting something intelligent or something that only a select few have the privilege of knowing...
Just as a quick tip, you might want to ask your question over in /r/economics.  I find that sub to have much more informed responses and discussion and this question would fit.  
Ha.  You're only pushing ~~43%~~ 77% more pixels with your "bleeding edge" screen there, buddy.  Not really that much more advanced to call 1080p the stone age.

If 1440p was religious for you, try a new Mac Book Pro.

*EDIT: My math was wrong.  I've been eternally humbled by /r/buildapc.  I guess my experience really is that much inferior because I have a couple of stone age 1080P monitors.*  
Since this is Reddit, someone is going to take the time to figure out ***exactly*** where your office is.  
Stay on topic guys!  We're having REDDIT PROBLEMS here!
No need to get aggressive, but seriously.  Is an "a" and a "t" harder than @?
Get outside and smile your ass off for science!
Woah, buddy.  Slow down.  You've met a few douchebags who happened to be contractors.  There's good ones out there just like in every profession.  It's not fair to lump us all into one stereotype.
Just because your father's into investing in metals doesn't make it a good investment.  If you're planning on holding on to it for a really long time, then *maybe*; but take a look at the performance of PM's over the past year.  It seems like they've kind of run their course at this point.  

Commodities are only worth what someone else is willing to pay for them so it's hard to manage risk, IMO.
I was in college with him at BYU and had a marketing class with him.  The guy would either come into class and put his head on his desk and would sleep through the whole class or he'd open his laptop and browse facebook the entire time.  I don't think he was too worried about a degree at that time.
I'm surprised nobody has mentioned the structural ability of the house to handle a second floor.  The footings and foundations are sized to handle current live loads and dead loads (walls, roof, trusses, snow, etc.)  There's a possibility that you'd need to add additional foundations to handle the increased loads that a second floor would cause.

More square footage means more of *everything*. Also, keep in mind that lumber is currently making [new highs](http://finviz.com/futures_charts.ashx?t=LB&p=w1) and is very expensive right now relative to what it was in the past.

"We've got to do something about this pink..."

"You mean you'd prefer a more manly shade, like purple..."
Eating always makes me feel smarter.
I'd be more worried about the vibration causing the monitors to slide to one side and fall off.
Not to mention that the "second largest University" probably has a lot more money available to hire knowledgeable IT and staff support.  High Schools hire the vice principals younger brother because he "helped him with his internet" one time.
Oh come on.  It wouldn't be that bad.  It's not like they'd be having sex out of wedlock.
Good God, the cables on your desk...
Because it's a game that is in the same genre as Skryim.  Medieval fantasy.
There's an add-on to VLC that seemed to do that.  It didn't work very well because it's "homebrew" as VLC can't legally add it without paying licensing fees to Sony.
I bought a blu-ray drive a few months ago not knowing that the DRM on the discs prevent playback on software like XBMC and VLC.  I had a PS3 that died on me and a bunch of Blu-Rays that I couldn't play.  

There are a few extensions out there that you can add to the free software but I found that none of them worked very well so I ended up getting PowerDVD.  It plays the blu-rays fine, but it still won't recognize your mouse pointer so you have to use PowerDVD's software version of a remote control which drives me a little crazy.

If you really want to create the same feel as a standalone blu-ray player you'll need:

1. The drive ~$25-40
2. Proprietary software that pays Sony's licensing fees to play blu-rays. ~$30
3.  IR Receiver and remote. ~$25-$30

The total is basically what a standalone would cost you so it's up to you if you want to keep it all in one unit or not.

EDIT: One other thing that drives me absolutely crazy is if PowerDVD detects anything weird with your monitor/tv it will shut it down stating that your trying to playback the disc on a device that doesn't support HDCP.  I have my PC hooked up to my monitor and HDTV that are both HDCP compliant but it will still shut down sometimes in the middle of the movie for some odd reason.
Isn't this "kind of" what the new MacBook Pro's do?  It renders the image at 2880 x 1800 but Apple ships the laptops with the default resolution at 1440 x 900.  The difference being that the MBP's actually *do* have 2880 x 1800 pixels whereas trying this on my 1080P monitor would be simply a software trick.
You might want to check for rats.  I see the beginnings of a nest under your desk...
A fool and half his gold is soon parted...
I don't know why people are interpreting my comment to be contrarian to all of the replies.  I do agree that we should progress, but we should do it gradually as to not disrupt the global economy and markets.

Look here: http://www.bls.gov/iag/tgs/iag211.htm

Oil companies, yes, are big and evil but they employ a TON of people at above average wages and salaries.  Disrupting that would cause serious problems.
Right now it's a solid buy because P/E amirite guise?
I wholeheartedly agree with you, but it's easy to say that *should* happen when it's much easier to see that it *wouldn't* happen.  Forcing Big Oil to cut their profit margins and invest in R&D because the US wants to invest in clean energy is extremely unlikely.  Everybody knows how much money these companies pump into our government through lobbyists to protect their market.

Existing government subsidies are a perfect example of how the transition will likely take place over time.
While a great idea, wouldn't that negatively affect the oil industry?  I'm all for reducing our reliance on it, but you can't deny how many jobs depend on that one industry.

We need to change, but it has to be a gradual transition.
Before everybody in /r/investing panics and starts selling everything you've got to keep *all* the numbers in context:

Here's another view on the contracted GDP from [@justinwolfers](https://twitter.com/justinwolfers):
>Holy cow, I'm late to this but US GDP shrank in Q4, -0.1%, following +3.1% in Q3. But the internals are much better.


>The decline in US GDP is all about inventories (subtracting 1.3%-pts from growth), and cuts in defense spending.


>Underneath the bad GDP report, we see solid growth in consumption and investment. Actually, it looks like private spending was humming along


>Oh, and here's the obvious reminder: This is the "advance" GDP estimate. "Advance" means largely made up, likely to be revised away.
I call bullshit.  His boss laid him off for being "too honest" and he gives you a courtesy call to tell you that someone with less morals and honesty will be managing your account now?  Really?
I've never played Minecraft before so I apologize for the dumb question:  Can you actually walk around and explore the city and play Minecraft on this map you've created?
The BoT is pretty much the same thing. While PM's are involved with completing the project, the vast majority of their work is paperwork, meetings, phone calls, etc.  

I like to think of the degree in CM as more of a "Business Degree with an emphasis in Construction" as you'll never really perform any actual construction in a management role.  It's extremely interesting and challenging work from start to finish, so I don't think you'll be disappointed, though.
M: Mechanical

E: Electrical

P: Plumbing

The MEP portion of the documents can be the most confusing part of the plans for those that are inexperienced.  

Also, as a side note, if you're getting a BS in Construction Management don't plan on being a superintendent.  Guys with degrees end up in preconstruction (estimator, scheduler) or management on the operations side (project engineer, project assistant, project management).  Guys that learn the ropes out in the field usually end up in superintendent positions.
Photoshopped.  I can tell by the pixels.
Shouldn't we just get rid of the Oquirrh Mountains so the air doesn't get trapped in the valley?  Just think of all the **jobs** an initiative like that would create.  I propose we set up a super-committee of 50 highly-paid government personnel to study the feasibility of this kind of a project.

Plus, I wouldn't have to stop driving my F-350 Super Turbo Diesel for my commute everyday.  
Trog*lo*dor.  Educate up, bro.
Have you ever considered that maybe the rust and dirty looking equipment might contribute to people not keeping it clean and organized?

I used to drive an old car that had faded paint and a weathered interior.  I NEVER cleaned that car because it didn't look any better when I washed it.  I always found myself saying, "What's the point?"
Those feels, man...
Awesome project OP! I enjoyed the details but *for everyone's eyeball relief:*
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Here's the story behind this all:


This would be my parent's basement, someday to be mine. I was 19 when I started this project, I've always loved building things but never worked on a home before. 

I had previously set up my mancave area to entertain friends and to enjoy alone. The couches weren't facing the projector screen. All stories start with a girl, right? Ah, the me from two years ago, you sly bastard. 

I was starting to become close with a girl I was interested in, and she was going to come over and watch a movie sometime. Well, my teenage mind said I should sit with her while watching the movie. So I tried moving couches, it didn't work. I then realized, this is going to mean I need to switch rooms and put the mancave in the wider room and the bed in the narrower one. But if I was going to put my bed there, there's no way I could sleep under that dingy window - might as well replace it. 

My mother was away on a cruise with her sister, it was just me and my dad home alone, and I went and cut the foundation literally the day after I tried moving my couch. I did my research, asked my boss about structural integrity (I worked at his software company, but his main business was a small construction firm) and just went to work. Had the window in the same day and begin landscaping outside to prevent water touching the seems. 

Fast forward - I never had that girl over. :P But I did put everything back together pretty quick. It took me a few weeks to finish up the wooden ledges next to the new window and to replace the cheap wood from under a different window. 

Then it was on to the other room! And that was a painstaking task. Thousands of squares, miles of masking tape. The A/V unit filled with goodies, and 5.1 surround sound from Klipsch and Definitive Technology. Epson 1080p projector. HTPC loaded with an I7 and 8TB of storage. I set up the A/V box to also feed my desk, so the HTPC can be used as a desk PC at the desk in the other room. The coffee table took me months to find, but it had to be low and match the couches. If anyone's wondering, this is finally the point where I got the girl. Different girl though, this one was an upgrade :) 

..anyways, I put together some furniture from ikea, the bed you see is actually 3 bed frames hacked together. The backboard is from Bob's, I had to cut off 7 inches from the bottom to get the correct height, and the bed its self is made out of two ikea footboards.
'Bout treefiddy
Half-assing prototypes in R&D is different than half-assing products.  They're not doing much of either which is good on one hand and bad on the other.

My point is, in order to justify a growing share price, Apple has to grow in revenues and profit from where it currently sits.  Where is that growth going to come from if their own guidance is pointing to lower iPhone sales, iPad mini sales cannibalising iPad 4 sales, incremental product updates that everyone expects, etc.?
You still haven't answered my question, though.  What good is $100+ billion doing for you or any shareholder?
My steps to install concrete pavers:

1. Call subcontractor.
2. Do something else.
3. Pay subcontractor when finished.
Why does revenue and hoarding cash make Apple a company worth investing in?  There's a lot of things I can think of that would be a better use of money than letting it sit on your balance sheet.
I'm the same with Apple *and* Google.  I *love* Google's products and think they're a great and exciting company, but I won't touch their stock.  They're too complex and the stock movement often seems irrational to me.
Down 10% is a pretty rainy day in my book.
...aaaand there's the information you were missing.  You edited your post to include the fact that your student loans total $300k.  

I'm not upset, I was just seriously confused as to why you would even need to ask the question.  Now that you've edited your post, your situation is a little more complex than it was originally.
Is this some sort of a joke?  You gross $168k/yr between you and your wife and you don't know if you can buy a house?  Really?

I'm shocked someone who makes that amount of money can't do the basic math for themselves to figure out if they can afford a home or not.  

Quickly running your numbers shows that you have $3570 of disposable income every month which is ***DOUBLE*** the mortgage payment your getting into with a $300k house.  This post is seriously just blowing my mind.
Your comment is a far greater annoyance than someone posting a classic song. This happens on every thread that has a semi-popular song and it's ruining /r/music far more than posting classics. JUST DOWNVOTE AND MOVE ON if you don't like it.
The /r/fitness sidebar has a few that can be found in the FAQ.  Svundt shake, meat slop, etc.
Typically, brick pavers will have a layer of sand underneath it because it allows the bricks to flex. Bricks are porous and brittle so they'll expand and contract from water, temperature variations, and applied pressure. 

I can't think of any reasons why the current conditions would cause any problems, but it's a little odd to have the sand and brick layer sitting on a concrete slab.  Is it a parking garage? Multi-story?
Oooohhh.... look how much less space they take up on the desktop because they're sooooo slim.

Wait...
Go on...
I don't understand this phenomenon in Utah either.  The entire freeway almost shuts down if there's something outside of the norm going on.  Cardboard box in the emergency lane?  Gridlock.  Old man with his turn signal stuck on going 45?  Gridlock.

Once I even got stuck in traffic going Southbound thinking some accident had happened up ahead.  Turns out it was an accident on the Northbound side of the freeway and the Soutbound lanes had clogged up from people simply slowing down to try and see what had happened.  I was pretty upset that day.
I stumbled upon this late but he's clearly talking about JOBS.  He never comes right out and says it (I don't know why) but he's referencing the fact that if we extract it from the US, it doesn't change the price at the pump, but it creates a lot of JOBS (impact on the economy in his words) in the US.  

That's his preference.  That the oil be extracted here with additional jobs rather than in Saudi Arabia.
I've been thinking a lot about this recently, actually.  

Automation creates quite a domino effect of consequences that I don't think our world is ready to tackle.  Automation should decrease costs over time and make our world *cheaper* to live in, but in reality, companies simply pocket the difference to increase profits and shareholder value.  

For example, if UPS were to adopt the Google Cars tech and put it in their trucks, over time, the cost of shipping could decrease drastically because you're not paying people to drive all over country.  The trucks drive themselves.  Rather than decrease costs quickly like the tech industry does, UPS would hold onto those profits for as long as they could.  Long after thousands of employees had been laid off.

I would imagine the uneducated labor workforce is in for hard times over the next decades and that will have a direct effect on the middle class.
&#3232;\_&#3232;

Not sure if legit comment or if legit Dallas Cowboys [Astroturfer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astroturfing)
You managed to save $90k on a $35k/year salary and you want advice?  *You* should be the one giving out advice.

The only problem with your current finances is that you've parked a considerable amount of money under a digital mattress.  Take most of that (minus an emergency fund) and put it into an index fund, broad market ETF, etc. and let it work for you.  

Hell, I started investing at the end of last year and managed a 7% return just letting my money sit in DES (commission free ETF w/ dividends).  If you put like $80k in and got the same return you just gave yourself a $5600 raise.

***Don't*** buy a home simply because you don't know what to do with your money and ***don't*** be afraid of investing.  *Day trading* is what you should be afraid of because you really have to know what you're doing to be successful.  
Better SSD optimization and task manager made Win8 a no-brainer for me.  

The Win8 hate threads here on Reddit drive me crazy because 75% of the comments are from users who have never tried it.
I've got a buddy who's *actual job* is to go online and promote the product his company is selling through alternative advertising such as Reddit, forums, deal sites, etc. under the guise of a regular user.

Reddit has millions of users.  You can be 100% sure that advertising companies don't ignore this site simply because Reddit only has like two locations where they can place actual ads.
Hmm.  Cool.

It's interesting that videogames are becoming spectator sports in a way.
The 500 series have only dropped ~$100 from their original prices and the 600 series has been out for a long time now.

If you're playing the waiting game to get better prices on hardware, you'll wait forever.  Jump on sales, buy what you can afford, and enjoy it.
I must be getting old, but is there a reason why you live stream your gaming sessions?  Is there a large audience that likes to watch other people play videogames rather than playing games themselves?  Do you make money doing this or is this just a way to add variety to playing games?

I love playing videogames but I doubt anyone would want to watch me play.  On top of that, I can't think of any game that I'd want to watch someone play over simply playing the game myself.
***That's*** the big issue.  Money talks in politics.  If it isn't stupidity, greed is definitely the driver of a lot of decision making.
I like to refer to him as the "Mormon Mustache"
Care to educate me?
I went on a bulk for the last half of 2012.  I saw significant gains in strength and a modest change in my physique.  

However, the past three weeks have been extra busy for me and I haven't gone to the gym once.  My question is how fast do muscles regress and/or deteriorate when they are not used but a caloric surplus has still been maintained?

I'm guessing that I will not be able to hop right back into the gym and begin right where I left off, but I'm hoping that I'll be able to get back to where I was within a month.  Is that realistic?
Ehh... I'd be willing chalk it up to sheer stupidity or ignorance before believing that there was some sinister plot at play.  

We give politicians and government employees more credit than is due in hopes that "*somebody smarter than me*" is running things when, in fact, it's just people that had a friend or an uncle on the inside that got them the job.


I know nothing about this stuff but I'm curious to know if the paranoia the McAfee seems to be experiencing can potentially "wear off" if he were able to get clean for a period of time. Or, is that something that's simply a side effect of excessive use?
That's basically my question, though.  Why does it bother you?

I know not everybody else is going to not be bothered by it.  I just don't understand why it's such a bothersome thing that people are willing to pay so much more money for something so trivial. 
/r/music is probably the subreddit with the most people who discuss and complain about what is on the front page or what content is popular.

How about we all just use the downvote and upvote buttons instead of commenting?
Why does that matter?  Both of my monitors do that at work and it's never bothered me.
And we didst read it; and we rejoiced.
>Your comment adds nothing to the conversation...

...said the guy that added nothing to the conversation.  There's a downvote button on Reddit for a reason, ya' know.  Just use it and move on.
Why do you view your laptop from any other angle other than straight on?  I've never understood why people complain about viewing angles.
Sample size: 1
SO BRAVE
There's also this thing called Photoshop...
That's a pretty accurate description of how it's spread in Utah in real life.
Wasn't it Ben Bernanke that coined the phrase "fiscal cliff" in a report he gave to the government? Why would Bernanke use such a harsh description of the impending monetary policies if they aren't that big of a deal?
Bro, do you even grammar?
[Do I make you horny baby? Randy?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CmLNPOLJl8)
I was responding to your argument that nearly all wealthy people are parasites. 

One of the richest men in the world is one of the top philanthropists on the planet. When was the last time you gave billions of dollars to attempt to better mankind?
Bill Gates
Sounds like *somebody* works for a large corporation and doesn't like their job...

There's tons of people out there that have made a killing off of their own labor.  One right off the top of my head is Markus Persson, the creator of Minecraft, the videogame.  The guy was swimming in piles of money before he ever hired one person to work at his newly founded studio, Mojang.  Also, I have a close relative that makes ridiculous amounts of money through their artwork.  

Not everybody who makes a lot of money is out to screw everybody over.
Yes.
I love that the site has some links to the actual event where they broke the world record.  That is some fun stuff to watch.
This could be a really dumb question but why don't powerlifters focus on keeping themselves lean?  When you're performing a lift you still have to lift your bodyweight in addition to weight you have loaded up on the barbell.

A crude example would be that I weigh 260 pounds and let's say my upper body weighs 100 pounds.  When I squat 300 pounds, my legs are actually lifting 400 pounds.  I have to lift more on a 300 pound squat than a guy who weighs 185 pounds and his upper body weighs 65 pounds.  Right?
You've got to spend money in order to save money, right? That's at least how my wife looks at sales. :/
I wholeheartedly agree with you that estimators for subcontractors should get out and learn the ropes of the on-site work. Not having your head wrapped around the project and then trying to throw a number at it is a recipe for disaster.  

However, for OP's and my line of work in estimating for a general contractor it's not that important because we don't deal with installation labor. All we care about is having enough money in the estimate for the PM/PE/Superintendent and making sure the subcontractors have the correct scope and price.  Estimating for a GC can be very different than estimating for a sub.
The biggest door opener that I've seen is through school.  Construction companies recruit through construction management programs for entry level positions.  

I have heard of some architects that were offered jobs by construction companies and made the switch.  Those guys were heavily involved in construction administration with their firms to begin with so it was an easy transition.  I've never heard of an architect that was heavily involved in design to make the switch into construction.
I took a lot of engineering classes in school and my degree was classified under the engineering department but I wouldn't say that I'm engineering material.  Just like architects, you have to have a partial understanding of civil, structural, mechanical, and electrical engineering because often times you're involved in the design process right along side the architect.  If the project is over budget, you have to be able to get creative and come up with various ways to reduce costs.

I originally wanted to be an architect, but after working a few years at a firm I found out that I didn't love architecture enough to go through all of the schooling and licensing to be one.  Low compensation was a big part of it as well.

I do work **a lot** with numbers, but it's not advanced math.   You just have to have a *very* high level of attention to detail because making a mistake can cost your company thousands, hundreds of thousands, and even millions of dollars on very large projects if you screw up.  
Agreed.  I just wish there was a little bit more competition to their software.  They haven't updated their software in quite a while and there's a lot of things that could be improved if another program was trying to "out-innovate" them.  

For example, when I'm taking off a continuous footing, why isn't there a condition so I can take off the rebar within that footing as well with the same takeoff?  Or, if I wan't steel weights I have to set the weight of the beam as the "height" and have my square footage takeoff be the pounds.  How hard would it be to simply add "pounds" as a condition?

The thousands of dollars in annual licensing fees should go to something, right?
Cool.  We're exactly the same salary wise.  I'm 55k/year with a 10-15% bonus if I meet the goals for generated fee.  I interned in 2010 and I graduated in '11 and started at 45k/year but I got a bump when I moved from Jr. Estimator to Estimator after a year.  

From what I've been able to gather, it seems that Sr. Estimators are ~$80-90k/year with a 10-15% bonus.  Living costs aren't crazy where I live (Salt Lake City) so I'm definitely happy.


No problem.  It's about time someone does an AMA for this profession!  I meet a ton of people who have NO IDEA that there are so many people working behind the scenes in construction companies.  When I tell them who I work for, they assume I'm out on site actually building the building.

Since you're doing this anonymously, care to share salary information?  I'll show you mine if you show me yours. ;)  I'm mainly interested to see if what I'm getting paid is comparable to other companies.  I know it's going to vary by location, but it would be interesting information.  Plus, you did say "Ask me anything." 
That's what I'm seeing as well.  A master's in CM is pretty worthless unless for some reason you have a "higher up" within your company that views it as valuable.  

I have yet to see anyone with an MBA move to another company or get promoted as a result of their degree.  Hands-on experience and connections seem to be king in construction.
I can see why field experience would be valuable but I have a hard time seeing how it would be absolutely necessary.  Labor/productivity/man-power/schedule is always driven by our operations side and the subcontractors we bring on board.

You must work at a slightly larger company than mine to be able to pick a job and be on site.  We only put estimators on site if it's a very large project (~300 million+) and it's absolutely necessary.
 
What's the career path at your company and how do the executives feel about higher education? (master's degree, MBA)  

I've been an estimator for 2.5 years at a large commercial construction company and it seems like the progression here is: 

* Intern
* Jr. Estimator (entry level salary)
* Estimator after ~1 Years of experience
* Sr. Estimator after ~5+ Years as an estimator
* VP or Executive if you get lucky as a Sr. Estimator

I'd love to know how other construction companies promote and progress employees within their company.  Ours is pretty stagnant due to a lot of people not retiring and nepotism.  Plus, it seems that higher education doesn't mean anything.  We have several people that went out and got MBA's and master's degrees in CM and it didn't result in anything for them.

Confirmed.  I'm an estimator for a large commercial construction company as well, and I've kept up to speed with QTO with each release.  The program is still really rough but it also is highly dependent upon the quality of the model that Architects put together.  If the model is wrong, or it uses elements that aren't really what they are (floor slab for a countertop) then the quantities are skewed.  Contractors can't take that risk when our fees are already as low as they are.

QTO has a long way to go, but dependency on Architect's models will probably never happen on the construction side.  We use On-Screen Takeoff, Timberline, and Agtek for earthwork.
Isn't there doctrine/beliefs within various religions that God's time is much slower than ours?  For example, when the Bible references that God created the world in six days, those "days" aren't really 24 hours as we know them, but a figure of speech to reference simply a period of time.

It would be interesting if the "God" that all of our present-day religions worship turned out to be someone simply simulating our universe inside another.
So, would it be safe to say that most art produced today is the byproduct of its creators being hopped up on some hallucinogen?
In his defense, the author does provide some examples as to why he feels the way he does.  I agree that the article is poorly written, but you can't deny that a few cardboard banana boxes and spotlights on the floor constitute art worthy of attention and praise.  That would mean every grocery store back room contained high art that should be captured and appreciated.

I'm with /u/righty on this one.  In depth analysis of why most of these pieces are simply garbage would be a waste of time.
otakucode logic:  Let me reply to your question with several condescending questions of my own...

I read the entire "comment" and can't pick out a central theme either.  I know the guy's trying to point out that the US is declining but it all comes across as some copy/paste conspiracy theorist stuff.  I have no idea who is upvoting it.  I'd like them to comment about why it deserves an upvote.
-1 for excessive use of the "F-word"

AngrySpock, see me after class.
Desert Camo is definitely not practical.  That's much more expensive than just throwing some basic white paint on the walls.

Your battlestation is pretty cool, but it was really hard to focus on it.  My eyes kept wandering back to the walls.  I couldn't live there.
I think the general consensus here is that you only need a high amount of VRAM if you're currently or planning on gaming at high resolutions (3+ monitor setups)

Additional VRAM "can" help in games that use Hi-res textures but it's probably not worth paying $100 more for it.  I currently have a 670 paired with an i5 3570k and an SSD.  I tried Skyrim with several mods that replaced textures, ambient lighting, model meshes, increased grass and trees, etc. and saw no noticeable performance decrease in the vast majority of the game.  I'm gaming on one 1080P monitor so one 670 was more than enough for me.
That's exactly my point, though.  *Most* people will never bulk in the manner the author is referencing in his article.  

He's saying bulking/cutting is bad and inefficient but only occasionally references that he's referring to a 5000 - 7000 calorie bulk.  A bulk that's slightly above maintenance is ideal which is what *most* people only ever accomplish.  

Like I mentioned above 3800 calories in one day is really hard for me to consume.  I can't imagine eating 5000+ and this article just reinforces that I don't need to.
Sendin' out an SOS! Sendin' out an SOS!
This was a great read but the author needs to keep in mind that a lot of people who go on a "bulk" simply mean consuming a caloric surplus to build muscle not consume a ridiculous surplus like 5000 - 7000 cals a day.  

I started a bulk in July which simply meant I was going from a ~1000 cal deficit diet/cut to a ~ 500 cal surplus.  It's extremely hard for me to consume 3800 cals a day so I am on a "see food" diet because I have to force myself to eat that much. It's much easier to skip breakfast have a light lunch and dinner than it is to eat large meals throughout the day for me.

People will read this article and act like they've discovered the Holy Grail of bodybuilding knowledge and get all smug when people mention a bulk or a cut thinking they know better. This article is referencing a bulk that, in my opinion, most people rarely accomplish because 5000 - 7000 cals a day is very hard to do.
While this is a great move, $100 million will get them ONE factory/assembly plant.  That's not exactly something to get excited about.

I'm guessing this is more of a PR move than an actual effort to bring their supply chain back to the states.
Reading these articles and threads help me to remember why I promptly uninstalled iTunes as soon as my iPhone was up and running.  

The announcement that iTunes 11 was out tempted me to reinstall it and try it out but I knew it would be riddled with bugs.  I'm glad I've stayed away.
The last child is in real trouble if the 'merica!' meme escapes the internet.
JizzyMctits had a double post and I replied to the double.  It looks like he/she removed it though.

Not as funny or unique as you were expecting, I know.
Picture 2 looks like a stick figure holding up speakers with the monitor as the head.  Cannot unsee.
Well... now I've heard it three times in one day.
9th grade science teacher was a total perv.  

He'd regularly put the cuter girls on the front rows and had mirrors *all over* the room that he'd set up in the oddest places.  We'd catch him all the time checking girls out and figured the mirrors were at angles to help him get better "views".

When girls would ask for help on assignments, rather than leaning over the table or sitting next to them, he'd stand directly to the side of them   and basically have his crotch right next to their face.
Sight is by far the most important to me as well.  There are *so many* things I couldn't do that I enjoy without sight.

No taste = eat super healthy all the time because there's no difference between a carrot and a double quarter pounder with cheese.

No touch = meh. I could still function

No hearing = Peace and quiet.  I'd miss certain sounds, though, but it would be manageable

No smell = I'd miss smelling good food and some other things.  Still manageable


>I would recommend taking existing theoretical neuroscience papers (google is your friend) and reimplementing them in Python.

Aaaaand that's where I stop fantasizing about getting involved in theoretical neuroscience.  

Maybe a better question would be, "Can we be buddies, and hang out, and we'll discuss all of the cool things you're doing without me having to do any real work?"
Ha!  DO NOT leave the cups you use for protein unwashed.  That makes me sick just thinking about leaving it for 4 days.  You owe your girlfriend big time.

Whey grows mold so quickly and the smell of whey + bacteria is horrendous.  Even after drinking a shake I have to brush my teeth or chew gum because my breath gets terrible.
If Bethesda continues to release major updates to The Elder Scrolls at their current pace The Elder Scrolls XIV will be released in ~32 years.  That means you're currently 63.  

So tell us, grandpa, what's it like playing videogames in a retirement home?  This thread is full of speculation, but you have first hand experience.
I truly feel bad for you guys, but at least you have a team.  Salt Lake City will NEVER have one :(
Have you seen Skyrim, though!?! Let me make ANOTHER post of the landscape with 100 mods running!
Before you kill yourself, just realize that MechanicalTurk is an EXTREME outlier for income mixed with a lack of higher education.  He's basically the "jackpot" of career paths that only happen to very few people relatively speaking.
Hmm..  I'm thinking you're probably right.  

My new PSU is definitely more efficient and it has a fan on top of the PSU and on the back, where my old one had only one out the back.  That makes sense that it was generating a lot of heat that ended up in the case.  My PSU sits on the bottom of the case as well, so all of that heat hit the video card first.

Here I was thinking something cool had happened as a result of better voltage/efficiency/whatever.  Either way, I've learned a valuable lesson to not skimp on buying a quality PSU.
It matters to me.  I don't feel like I'm sitting in an airplane when I play games anymore! :D

The PSU is the only thing I've change on my PC in the last few weeks and there is definitely a noticeable difference in my fan speeds during gaming now that I've changed it.  I'm playing the exact same game with the exact same graphic settings.  I have a hard time believing there's no correlation.
Ouch.  How embarrassing.  I wandered into /r/apple and forgot the topic was Macbook Pros.  

I tend to stick to /r/buildapc and idling desktop temps above 60 is definitely something to be worried about.  An i7 crammed into MBP is definitely going to idle hotter.
So many puns... which one do I chuckle at?
Umm...You might want to look into that. Some run hot, yes, but idling at 62C is really high. 

Mine idles at ~28C with the stock fan that Intel provides.  Have you verified that there is a good connection between the fan and CPU?  Do you have a thin layer of thermal paste applied?
No kidding... +43% right now

0_o
Can confirm.  I was the sick baby.
A lot of people just want SOMETHING that shows they have the latest and greatest.  Who cares about performance when all you do is email, facebook, internet, etc.

A different looking device is a quick and easy way to show others that you have the newest thing.  It's the same with cars.  The only spec that people worry about is MPG.  Everything else is visual.  It drives car enthusiasts crazy.
Right, because we all know how perfect and bug-free Apple software is...

Final touches...ha!
Girl asks OP to take off his shirt.  He's so fit that naturally 'no problem', right?

Reddit asks OP to take off his shirt and share pics.  *crickets*
My employer pays 80% of my health insurance plan and I still pay $50/week.  That means my health insurance plan is $13,000 annually and I pay $2,600.

OP's coverage is pretty cheap, but it's hard if he/she has to pay for 100% of it.
You totally wasted an opportunity to have your username and OP's title mesh into something fabulous...
Ha! All you whiners about your leg sizes...

Try being 6'-8".  I'll NEVER have big legs.
I see the tip of a nose.  The triangles are the nostrils.  Cannot unsee.
I picked up a 120 GB SSD for $60 four weeks ago.  NEVER going back to an HDD.

Your 550ti is definitely holding your gaming experience back, but SSD's are cheap and, IMO, drastically improve your overall PC experience while you save up for a new card.
...tis...tis.
>I defend the guy...

&#3232;\_&#3232;

>Are you aware that she had beaten him earlier...

How much damage could a 115 pound girl really do?  Your post reeks of justification.  If you meant something else, learn how to grammar.

Did you really just try to justify that beating?  Are you kidding me?  Did you even see the photos of the aftermath?
Ha! I love when people misspell "newbs" as "nubs".  It makes for some very interesting sentences. 
I got one.  I hope it wasn't me that stole it from your cart. :(
Definitely not.  

* The i5-3570k is on sale at TigerDirect for less.  

* There will probably be deals on Z77 motherboards.  

* Cheap RAM will be easy to find everywhere this weekend.  

* There's a 180GB Intel SSD on Slick Deals right now for $100. 

* There will be tons of video cards on sale over the weekend because those are pretty popular/high profile parts.  AMD video cards are even being sold with 3-4 games along with the cards.
 
* There will be a few cases on sale.

* Power supplies will pop up here and there.  I've seen two good deals on Slick Deals today.  

You really just have to get a good feel for what you want by reading up on all of the different pros/cons of all of the parts and tailor your build to what you think would be best.  

For me, I like to play most of the new games with high settings, my resolution is 1080P, and I wanted my build to last several years so I went with an i5, GTX 670, DDR3 1600 RAM, SSD, etc.  There's a bunch of help topics in the sidebar so start there.  I bet you could get a pretty good feel for what you need by tomorrow night and start buying away on Friday getting the parts you need.
Just for kicks, here's a pretty "cookie-cutter" build for you take a look at.

[PCPartPicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/oFTW) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/oFTW/by_merchant/) / [Benchmarks](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/oFTW/benchmarks/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [Intel Core i5-3570K 3.4GHz Quad-Core Processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80637i53570k) | $169.99 @ Microcenter 
**Motherboard** | [Gigabyte GA-Z77-D3H ATX  LGA1155 Motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gigabyte-motherboard-gaz77d3h) | $116.98 @ Amazon 
**Memory** | [Patriot Viper 3 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/patriot-memory-pv38g160c9k) | $19.99 @ Newegg 
**Storage** | [Intel 330 Series 240GB 2.5" Solid State Disk](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-internal-hard-drive-ssdsc2ct240a3k5) | $139.99 @ Newegg 
**Video Card** | [EVGA GeForce GTX 660 Ti 2GB Video Card](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-video-card-02gp43662kr) | $279.99 @ NCIX US 
**Case** | [Cooler Master CM 690 II (Black) ATX Mid Tower Case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-case-rc692kkn2) | $49.99 @ Newegg 
**Power Supply** | [Corsair Builder 430W ATX12V Power Supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/corsair-power-supply-cmpsu430cx) | $49.99 @ Best Buy 
**Optical Drive** | [Samsung SH-222BB/BEBE DVD/CD Writer](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/samsung-optical-drive-sh222bbbebe) | $17.99 @ CompUSA 
 | | **Total**
 | Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available. | $844.91
 | Generated by PCPartPicker 2012-11-21 17:12 EST-0500 |
That takes a little more research than I can provide in one post.  You'll have to start reading up if you don't already know how to build a PC and you want to catch the Black Friday deals.  www.pcpartpicker.com is a good site to check compatibility but it's not foolproof.

One quick example is if you're buying an i5 3570k CPU you need to make sure that your motherboard has the Z77 chipset and an LGA 1155 socket.  The RAM slots on the motherboard will most likely by 240 pin DDR3 RAM slots so you'll need to make sure you buy to correct RAM for those slots.  

If you've got a specific budget I can help you out with parts off of pcpartpicker.com, but a lot of the Black Friday deals might not get loaded on their website to take advantage of it.  It's best to know what you need or want and buy it when the deals pop up.

If you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed and are afraid that you'll screw something up, that website that you linked has some decent prices.  It's much easier to pay a small premium for someone to build you a PC than lose money by buying the wrong component and damaging it or having to send it back.
Just drove by OP's house.  Can confirm that he's actually jerking off on the roof.
I've been watching slickdeals.net very closely as most of the really good deals end up on the front page quickly.  Plus, they've got a "Black Friday" section that shows you every store's ads for Black Friday that you can go through.

Right now there's REALLY GOOD deals on the front page for several components you'll need.  The Windforce GTX 670 with 2 games for $330 and the Intel SSD's are really good.

Edit: As I've thought about it more, the only tricky part about buying components on Black Friday to build a PC is making sure you're motherboard, CPU, and RAM are compatible.  Don't buy something simply because it's cheap and find out later they won't work together.
The easiest way to figure it out is by simply pricing out the same parts as what those shops have specified on the PC that you want.  If it's cheaper to buy it through a shop that will build it for you, go for it.

Side note: if the website you're looking at doesn't list all of the components used in the build, it's usually pretty safe to assume they're using a cheap on to bring their costs down.  For example, if the power supply brand and part name/number isn't listed and they've only got a wattage or nothing it all, it's probably a really cheap/poor quality power supply.

Edit: I've been perusing through the products offered on the website that you linked and they're actually very good at listing brands/names/part numbers on all of the components you're putting into your PC.
I think Jerry Jones is shown more than any other owner by a factor of 10.  If you enjoy seeing him squirm and get angry like I do, this season has been very enjoyable.
That's the one! Nice find!
I remember seeing a website that gave a visual display of upvotes in real-time.  Topics were at the bottom and upvotes came falling in from the top of the browser.  I can't find it now...

I'm not sure if it kept track of number of upvotes/downvotes, but I would imagine it wouldn't be too hard to implement for topics alone.  Comment upvotes/downvotes might be more difficult, I would imagine.
What games are you noticing a drop in FPS?  I have a Windforce 670 with an SSD and haven't seen any performance issues whatsoever.

Also, are you talking about a drop in FPS as in unplayable/stuttering or simply raw performance trying to maintain like 60 FPS?
...next?
I'm confused as to why I should care what device Oprah uses to send out her tweets...
You sound like a newly-wed.  This is NOT how mornings go down.  

Morning breath, grogginess, having to pee, etc. all make for a very un-romantic way to start the day.
Somebody needs to gather up all of your comments and make an /r/bestof  post out of them or something.  I'm all for charitable acts of kindness and helping people out, but everyone needs a a large dose of reality mixed in.


If you're not too fond of the design side of architecture then I would HIGHLY recommend a degree in construction management.  

I was in the exact same position as you but got out much earlier.  I switched degrees while working at an architecture firm as an assistant project manager.  By the time I graduated I had a job lined up with a large commercial construction company and I'm working in their preconstruction department.  I'm still involved with design from time to time, but I'm more focused on cost and preparing the project to be built.

Like others have said, the pay is definitely better in construction and doesn't require as much schooling or even licensing tests.  If you'd like more info, just let me know.
Seconded.  Get on food stamps and WIC as soon as possible.  The programs are designed specifically for your situation in order to help you get back on your feet.  There's no shame in using it because you really need it.

You've got a lot of random debt that can be paid off quickly if you cut out $400/month in groceries and household items.
[Every card on this page](http://www.newegg.com/Product/ProductList.aspx?Submit=ENE&N=100007709%20600100181%20600286767%20600286740&IsNodeId=1&name=Radeon%20HD%207970)
In the market for any friends at the moment?  :D
Then I would think it would be safe to say you're in the minority.  

There's nothing wrong with buying a 680 at all.  Personally, I wish I had the extra cash for that extra "umph" that a 680 would provide.  I simply meant that for someone who is budget minded and looking for the bang for the buck, the 670 is the way to go and they'd see that if they did their homework beforehand.  If you've got the money, though, by all means grab a 680.
Which is what I meant.  People just want the best that's out there if they have the money to spend.  There's nothing wrong with buying a 680, it's just a little more practical to go with a 670 if you're watching your costs.
I haven't tried overclocking anything yet as I haven't really needed to.  

I went from a Q6600, 9800 GTX, 7200 RPM hard drive to i5 3570k, GTX 670 and SSD.  I've been totally blown away by the performance jump and lack of hassle.  Windows 8 boots up in seconds, I fire up a game, set it to max settings and I play.  It's hassle free and that's what I like about it.  If there's ever a game that comes out where I'm not getting the performance that I would like, then maybe I'll look into overclocking.

As far as graphics work, I've only tested Photoshop.  If you've got the file you're working on located on your SSD, editing is a breeze.  Granted my comparison is coming from my old PC so take it for what it's worth.
I've been out of the laptop scene for several years now as the last one I bought was ~3 years ago so I'm not sure as of late.  

When I was doing my research I relied heavily on www.notebookreview.com.  They've got great information and even a section in their forums that is dedictated to asking, "What Notebook Should I Buy."  I guarantee someone can line you up with the perfect laptop over there.
The jump to the Samsung SSD and the 7970 is **well worth** it over your original build.  lowlifeburrito is right on target with what you should buy if you're not planning on overclocking.  

I have a lot of the same parts in my current build, I don't overclock, and I game at 1080P.  You *will not* be disappointed with your PC's performance in almost any game.
It's pretty good EXCEPT the screen and the lack of an SSD.  1366 x 768 personally drives me absolutely crazy, but if you don't mind such a low resolution then it might be worth it.

In my opinion, wait for Black Friday/Cyber Monday.  Laptops are very popular items for stores to put on sale.  I would suspect that you could get a similar laptop for almost half the price on that weekend.
Were your professors in school up front about your potential career and salary prospects?  I found my undergrad professors to be much more optimistic and unrealistic with job opportunity and salary information in my field. (construction management)

It seems that everybody outside, in the real world, know better and school creates this little bubble of optimism to keep students enrolled and happy.
From your comment it seemed pretty obvious that you were referring to the dumb ones as those who go into construction management.  Your grammar and punctuation make it hard to tell, though.  I apologize if that wasn't what you meant.

Regardless of degree, higher earners always seem to be "socially smart" and your performance in school and universities quickly becomes irrelevant a few years out anyways.
What makes CM grads dumb?  Construction is much more technical than architecture.  I went into construction because of (1) the money, and (2) because I didn't feel like I had the "artistic" ability to be a good architect.  

I'm not sure that not being artistic would qualify as labeling me as dumb.
That's the exact reason I avoided AMD as well and watched for a good sale on one of the 670's.  I'm gaming at 1080P so I don't need the increased bandwidth that the 79xx series cards provide either.

I have a 3570k processor paired with an SSD.  I know it's cliché to say, "It runs everything I throw at it on max settings" but it really does.  I haven't bothered with watching frames per second and all that jazz because I'm not that concerned with benchmarking.  

BF3, Borderlands 2, Just Cause 2, GTA IV, Skyrim (with HD textures), Saints Row III, are all games I've tested and they run buttery smooth at 1080P.


It seems that 680's are for those that just want "the best" and don't bother to do their research.

I picked up the Gigabyte Windforce 670 when it dropped to $359 a few weeks back and have been loving my life.  The ~$40 savings over the 7970 with comparable performance made it a no-brainer for me.  

Right now, though, they cost the same so I'd definitely recommend the 7970 over the 670 especially for multi-monitor setups.
Cool!  I'd never seen that before.  I'm not sure what I should input on reps, though.  If I'm currently doing 5x5 would my reps simply be 5 or 25?
I've seen multipliers lately for a way to quickly judge basic strength: 

1x bodyweight for bench 

1.5x bodyweight for squat

2x bodyweight for deadlift

Are these based on a 1RM, or are these something that you should be able to do in your routine?  For example, if my routine involves a 5x5 bench press should I be able to bench the 1x bodyweight for 5x5?
The win over Tampa Bay this season caused a little hatred.  I know it's legal to push guys out of bounds and get aggressive, but that was just a douchey way to stop Tampa from scoring and winning the game at the very end.
Whoa.  My bad.  You don't look 18 in your pictures.  At 18, yes, steroids typically wouldn't be the greatest idea.
I'm not accusing you but I wanted to interject a point here.  I don't understand why steroids carry such a stigma here on r/fitness.  

In your first picture, you were an *ideal* candidate for steroids.  You had obviously done a lot of lifting and had enough experience.  Why not?  Steroids don't cheat anyone else out of anything.  It would be simply to take your performance and aesthetics to the next level.

If you're competing in a competition where steroids are not allowed and would be considered cheating, then yes, it's wrong.  If not, who cares?  People can juice up, lift big, and look great for all I care.  It's a personal thing.
Wow. Uhh... I guess it's kinda' cool to have a stalker...

Anyways, truth be told I have been working out religiously since I lost 30 pounds back at the beginning of the year. That's why I've added two inches to my arms. 
...just contacted the US Embassy in Japan.  Woofiegrrl's story checks out. Stand down, boys.
You can't bunch Republicans into one like-minded group.  

I'm pretty sure there are plenty of *religious* extremists who could care less about your political affiliation.  You can't fix stupid and for that reason I don't oppose having a large **defensive** military.   End the stupid wars and occupations, but lets keep our military strong.
during a fap
I hope so, too.  He's got some excellent ideas on the table.  It's just a matter of ***implementing*** those ideas that caused me to lose faith in him.
Fully agree.  I think his campaign took a turn for the worse simply *because* of his party.  The Republican party can't seem to get their act together.
Just because you're associated with the same political party doesn't mean you think exactly alike.  I believe Romney was more moderate than he was painted out to be during the campaign and had some good ideas that he brought to the table.

There are definitely some extreme "Right Wing" nuts (Boehner, for example) in congress that are simply playing the "Red vs. Blue" game.  I don't think Romney would have played that game himself and I don't think Obama is either.  Obama is just not good at dealing with fierce (but petty) opposition.
Whoa, buddy.  Where in my comment did I attack you or others on design ability?

I was simply clarifying your statement about construction management being geared towards people with degrees running job sites.  It's not true.  Guys running job sites come up through the ranks on site.  It's extremely rare to find a superintendent with a degree in CM.  

Project managers, preconstruction managers, company executives, etc. are the career path that the construction management degrees are designed for.
It's not about rewarding them.  It's getting *something* done.  Obama is too non-confrontational to deal with an extremely stubborn congress.

He wants to try and negotiate and "be cooperative" with a bunch of people who act like they're stuck in a soap opera.  I really hope Obama can show some more strength and backbone over the next four years.  In that aspect, he was kind of a dud in the past.
I wasn't implying that people who voted for Obama were less free-thinking.  I was merely referencing the way you get treated on Reddit if you go against the popular opinion.

I'm as independent as they come.  I love Obama.  I think he's great.  He's just stuck with a TERRIBLE, ATROCIOUS legislative branch of government.  I think Romney would have been the better candidate to deal with *them* and our nation's problems.
Person X needs/wants thing Y.  Travel from point A to point B and recover/accomplish thing Y and return to point A.  Rinse and repeat with a different narrative and you have Skyrim side-quests in a nutshell.
It still cracks me up when people flex in casual photos, though.  Heaven forbid they look "normal" after all their hard work, right?  :D
Same here.  The only difference that was noticeable to me after a week off was that I got tired earlier in my routine.  I was able to lift at my previous levels, but I had to take a little bit longer breaks between sets.
Silly, free-thinking individual.  THIS. IS. REDDIT!  You're not entitled to form your own opinion!

Disclaimer: I supported Romney.  I felt like he had a better grasp on what needed to take place to get this country going again.  I'm still convinced Obama doesn't really have any ideas outside of throwing more money at the problems.  That's partially not his fault, though.  Our congress is a joke.
Construction Management degrees are geared more towards project management/preconstruction/running construction companies.  The guys running the job sites (superintendents) are, for the most part, people that have several years of experience out on site through work as a laborer/tradesman.  

In my opinion, you can't "teach" someone how to be a superintendent and run a job site.  It's something you have to learn through years of hands-on experience.  
I originally was going to take the same path but stopped after getting my CM degree.  There's *definitely* more money to be made on the construction side and less schooling required which is a huge plus with how expensive tuition is now.  I worked for architecture firms while I was in school and with a construction company after I graduated.  Construction companies will pay *much* better.

Also, if you get lucky, like I did, you can end up in a preconstruction department that exist in large commercial/industrial construction companies and still get to be involved in the design process.  I'm involved in design/build projects all the time where I'm heavily involved in the documents from day one.  I'm just more focused on cost than the architect is.

If you *really* want to be an architect the CM degree is, in my opinion, an extremely valuable degree that will better prepare you for a *career* in architecture but it will simply be a slight advantage in school.  School is all about theory and design while the day-to-day work you do after school is more practical.  I have no doubt that potential employers will see a degree in CM as more valuable than, say, a degree in economics or something.

I was never fully committed to becoming an architect while I was in school because I got to work closely with a lot of them.  A lot of them really enjoyed school and really disliked their job afterwards because it's very different than what they thought it would be.  Some really did enjoy being an architect, though.  I'd advise you to try and get an internship while you're in school to see if it's something you really want to pursue.
Upvote for the UD3H.  I've got the D3H and love it, but I feel like I should have spent the $20 extra to get the slightly better board.
I don't know why new cases are so exciting.  I just ordered the Fractal Design Define R4 from Amazon and I'm honestly more excited for the case to come than any other component in my PC.

Great build and cable management.  The desk under the bed is a great space solution.  You've given me a great idea for my kids' rooms!
I'm 6'-8".  I'm not too sure your if your correct or not.  Adding noticeable size to my frame is really difficult and slow.  I've added 2 inches onto my bicep/tricep and it's still hard to tell because my arms are so long.
The guy in the picture I posted is actually his stunt double, but same idea.  I had no idea Chris Hemsworth was that thin to begin with.  Is that really what 20 pounds of muscle will do?  20 pounds seems like it's a little low.
Crap.  The size of his arms and shoulders are perfect in my opinion and I was hoping it was something I could shoot for naturally.
Sorry to ask a question within your question, but do you know if those multipliers are for a 1RM?  My 5x5 reps are lower than my 1RM (for example Bench: 185 1RM and 160 5x5)

I weigh 250 pounds so I've got a ways to go but if it's measured by the 1RM than I'm closer than I thought I was.
So... I'm getting this vibe that /r/SaltLakeCity is full of democrats...
Somebody PLEASE remake the BEES! gif with a STATES! gif.
"Honey, I'm off to the gym! See you in two days!"
Maybe if somebody tried to turn it into more a spectator sport.  I love watching the YouTube videos of guys getting suited up and then lifting some ridiculous amount of weight but I guess that's really the only thing they could turn into an event.
It's when the rest of the country takes back a little of the Sun that your State uses for 70% of the year.
Cool story, bro.

The name of the company alone gives me a good chuckle.  Who thought it would be a good idea to name their company after a large number?


This actually ties into the AskReddit question today about why the Mona Lisa is so popular.  An analogy of the movie Citizen Kane was used to answer the question.

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/12fic0/why_is_the_mona_lisa_such_a_big_deal/c6uq6rg

>Ask yourself this: why is Citizen Kane such a famous movie? Seriously, have you watched it? By modern standards it's even somewhat corny - with the use whip pans, and some of the "passage of time" montages. But you always see it near the top of the "greatest movie ever" lists. Why? Because it was the first movie to "put it all together," and combine a bunch of techniques that were still new to the art form, and put it in something coherent. 

>The Mona Lisa, in a lot of ways, is similar. Between the use of architectural background, framing the subject from the waist up, the dry prestige balance of proportions, the natural posture, and the unique facial expression, the Mona Lisa was the first to have it all (that got recognized), and, like Citizen Kane, benefitted from being made by someone with a high profile. 

>Today, there have been mountains of paintings since that derive from this, and use many of the same techniques, which, to our eyes, make it seem less special, much like Citizen Kane. But, if you delete from memory everything since, this work suddenly looms much larger. 

>Part of art is the idea of creating something that never existed - and that's why she is special. Today, millions have had the benefit of creating in a world she existed, and that makes her harder to appreciate the same way. 



>EDIT: For the many of you who have not heard of Citizen Kane: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizen_Kane 
>Make it, Mod it, Master it.

This is like the Reddit version of Live, Laugh, Love. :D
Wow.  The author of the article really did their homework on this one.  I've read hundreds of articles discussing Mormon theology and most of them point back to the practice of polygamy, the treatment of blacks prior to 1978, baptisms for the dead, garments, etc. and dismiss the religion because of those strange elements.

It's rare to find an article that focuses on the Book of Mormon and its Author.  Surprisingly, I had never heard of John Bunyan before or seen Joseph Smith portrayed in the same light as merely another creative author of literature.  Very interesting read.
***Most*** people don't sit based on viewing comfort, they sit based on the furniture layout in their room.  I'm not going to put my couch in the middle of my living room simply because it's a more optimal viewing distance.  The whole room would look stupid.
I was wondering the same thing.  Is that a dude?  Because if that is, he's got some weird man-cleavage going on there.
Your build is ***amazing*** but that setup is weeping for two more monitors.  It's like a bodybuilder stuck in Planet Fitness.

You're probably pushing like 200 FPS in every game, right?
Has there been any proof that shows this, though?  I would imagine the added heat from *slightly* more restricted airflow would be negligible. (~1 or 2 degrees) I mean, how restrictive can a few wires be? 
That's pretty much what my case looks like inside.  Granted, I don't have a case that allows cables to run in the back, but I really couldn't care less.  Nobody sees inside my case so why *should* I care?
On a side-note.  Has anyone else used their app on the iPad?  HOLY SHIT.  It's completely unusable and nobody seems to rate it poorly or comment about it in the app store.  It's honestly one of the worst apps I've ever used.
In reference to smell, "local" can come from several different sources.  Your grandma's house could have a local smell but it could be only a few things in her home that generate that that overall smell.

I didn't originally interpret UrbtoOSU's response as large cities and mountain air to be what he was referring to as local.  I realize that I misinterpreted it, and the correction has been made.
Right.  I see that now.  I misread your response.  Thanks for correcting without getting condescending.
No need to be an asshole.  "Local" sources can have many different interpretations.
Then why can I tell a difference when I travel back into the city after spending a week in the mountains?  There is definitely a distinct smell to the air that surrounds cities versus the air at higher elevations away from society.
Geez.  Is it hot in your house or something?  My 3570k idles at ~32C with the stock fan from Intel.  Max I've seen is 55C under full load.


>everyday... not become addicted...

&#3232;\_&#3232;