For future reference: do I have to log out before changing phones?

What’s the best number to call? Saw different ones posted on here
Murphy vs Jobber (who got a concussion and caused the match to end early)
His brother checking up on him
Blank template CAW
You only watch SDL? It’s the better show imo
If so, I’m gonna become a fan. Thanks fam 
I’ll prob watch those separately then. Thanks
Does this actually end on time unlike Raw? 

Gotta watch The Flash
Am I missing anything good by skipping Raw? It’s been about 4 weeks now 
Unsolved: Becky Lynch

Who killed her character
Well that was fun

Haven’t felt the need to skip female matches lately
New trio tag team... The Shrieks
It’s the best part of the song haha

I enjoy country, so I don’t mind the repeats
Carmella’s smile while she pins her haha
Can’t tell who’s screaming lol
Give those nalgonas the green light 
I’m hard
Typeface
*somewhere on the beach, sipping something strong*
On demand
Byron’s going to make him... OBSOLETE!
Carmella + Iconics = perfection
Any of her leotards (if that’s what they’re called)
Can’t have the queen and former empress eat the pin
Is it going to be on Hulu? Or is it just there for looks?
They need to rework Becky’s entrance. Everything just looks off.

New entrance + improved character pls. She deserves the spotlight.
Is it just me or did Becky look really slim
The low blows look so real like damn
The intro bumps 
I’d never thought I see the day that I’d find myself loving Big Cass
Never.

I need myself a lil hype man
Honey, I Shrunk Daniel Bryan
Goddamn Big E hahah
Shelton rescuing this promo 
That’s what I had in mind. Joined the iUP with 8+ knowing that I’ll upgrade to the bigger X if there is one. Kept telling myself it was only temporary, but I caved after a week & got the X.

Hopefully, they release a 16:9 OLED phone w/ the Plus’ DPI.
I got used to the notch pretty quickly and I like how it simplifies the status bar. The bump does feel more profound, but I’ll be putting a case soon anyways.
The 8+ was great, but the size was too much. iPhone X provides a near-perfect fit that reminds me of iPhone 7.

Although, I still miss the screen for media, loud speakers, and monster battery life. I also felt like True Tone worked better on it & its oleophobic coating lasted longer.
Found it. Thanks for the heads up, you saved me $15 haha
They sell the sticker separately? I was gonna buy a new pop that came w/ it. Can’t find the kit on the site tho. 

Also mines just slides slowly after a while. Could be since I’ve had it for months & been reapplying it a lot (I rinse it sometimes). Still sticks on cases like a champ.
I also sell mines for around $200 haha. Sells quick & it’s enough $ for a good down payment.

Fortunately, Apple offered $245 for iPhone 7 (32GB) so that was a no-brainer.
Must be a new thing since the site mentions the 8/X only. I previously used the pop on a 7. 

Might buy a new pop now to get that special piece, thanks.
I’m so fucking excited for this season! 

FTR
Damn the show has been amazing since the break so far. Makes up for the absence of Black Lightning now.
My horse went to go get some hay and never came back.
Oh damn that’s scary. Tried the 8+ last week & now I’m thankful it only slided up.

Def not gonna use it popped up until the case comes haha.

Thanks for the cautionary tale.
It got scratched up or did the phone fall off?

Currently using it flat so it at least protects the back when laid down.
Waiting for my Supcase Unicorn Beetle cause to arrive. Loved it on my 7 and hoping it looks better on the X.

Can’t speak for its drop protection quality since I never dropped the 7. It protects the camera & screen when laid flat.
I got used to it and noticed that skin colors on films look better.

IIRC it worked kinda better on the 8+. Might be because OLED like you stated.
I guess it depends if they have zero down deals. 

My sister jumped to iPhone 7+ (32gb) & tax+1st payment was $97. Seemed kinda absurd to me, so that’s why I’m asking.

Personally, I joined the iPhone Upgrade Program the same day. Not sure how it’ll be when I upgrade.
The guy said you can’t finance a sim-free iPhone, only carrier specific models.

I have T-Mobile, which I believe doesn’t fully support the A1865. But I’m able to finance it either way.
Btw when you jump, do you pay any tax or down payment? I also loved Textra, simple & customizable without being too extra.
I’m guessing I proved the guy above wrong?

I did see that the option’s not available online, but it’s totally possible in-store.
Yup, can’t wait to see how these optimizations work out. It’s gonna be a memorable season.
Has anyone explained how the armor was implanted under her skin?

Didn’t phase me until now. Like wtf, they’d have to replace all her skin or inject her with something that changed her muscle.
Which is the sim-free model? Currently using the A1865 on T-Mobile (iUP).

Edit: I have iPhone X
Prob just need more time for it to fully recognize me. The inconveniences are speed (feels like TouchID 1.0), late night sleepy eyes, & big FaceID UI popup.

I appreciate some of the convenience tho. The rest of the phone I still love.
It was really weird at first, but I definitely feel better now. Even better for iPhone X users, since you can’t enable it.

Same as force closing apps, charging at specific times, etc.
Got my X yesterday & FaceID is definitely annoying. As for gripping, a PopSocket definitely helps to avoid touching the edges.

I do miss the big screen on the 8+ tho.
Is it similar to Jackie? Found that film quite boring, but this sounds fun
If it’s that good, I might as well watch it since it’s here. Thanks for the recommendation 
Yup, these changes don’t phase me as long I get to keep watching my weekly film.

Hopefully, it gets people to watch more sleeper hits & support the artists.
For some reason I find this really hilarious. 

I enjoyed the film tho
Yes 
Mind explaining about Cowboys fans not being there?
Still, the Cards aren’t that bad. Def gonna watch all his games
Manning vibes
Fitz+Rosen mmm
FACTS
Watch Allen/Rosen become great

RIP Baker
I’m imagining the Pats not making the Playoffs
So long for Rosen being top 5
Too bad he won’t be able to sack Brady this year 

Edit: people are saying Playoffs, but I’m imagining a scenario where the Pats eat shit & don’t make it
Apparently 
Jacking off to chubs rn 
Making us look really good
If we don’t take Rosen/Chubb I’m having my kid in Oakland
What the fuck lol
For them? They’re QB killers
Fuck the Browns if they draft another QB
Rosen!
Fuck, I wanted Barkley
RIP Baker
I mean that’s a ride or die right there. I’d love be with someone like her who cares about their man.
And my neighbor who brings out the morning beer, BT speaker, & sings for the neighborhood 
Thought it’d be Dwight so he can put his survival skills to use
Don’t watch it
The fate of the nation relies on this spectacular trio.

Edit: forgot the baby
There’s the Blind Man in Don’t Breathe that was kicking ass
Keep in mind that the show is more realistic than the others.
First big WWE show in their country, I wouldn’t be surprised if they threw a parade for the superstars.

Currently picturing Taker riding around in a gold lambo w/ his new rich Saudi buds.
Almost a whole day stuck in one spot with maybe noisy people & 1 toilet... nah I don’t even want to imagine that

I’d prob take sleeping pills and snooze away
How’d he look like?

I like to imagine it was Winn
Not sure if Instagram & Snapchat still upload low-res photos on Android, but that could be another reason.

Plus, these people live busy lifestyles and need a reliable phone that can keep up (iMessage helps with that).
Everyday I pray for Becky
But they still can’t rock suits like TheReportOfTheWeek
Just now, he sold his soul to the devil
Is he gonna keep growing and fight other huge creatures w/ The Rock?
Nigga can talk now, cool
New Miztourage pls (with Cass)
[Shockmaster?](https://youtu.be/p7Q4EVpIFIk)
If Cass’ mic work improves I wouldn’t mind having him around
Discount Big Show
Tom Hardy usually only fucks w/ good films, so I’m putting my trust in him. 
The 13” nTB is my first Mac and I’ve been loving it. 

It’s great for consuming media & doing school work (simple user). Could’ve gotten a bigger & better 2015 model, but the display and sound are amazing. Also the big trackpad is sweet for dragging/selecting stuff.

I’ve experienced some faulty keys in the beginning, but fixed them by massaging them. I also expected huge battery life, but that was me being hyped. Lasts longer than any Windows laptop I’ve used.
Had an issue once (y key wouldn’t type unless I pressed hard) but it went away after tapping the bottom upside down and massaging the key.

Edit: Apple’s replacing batteries on some ‘16 models which = new keyboard.
IIRC you can even meet inside some stations.

Edit: [Police stations where you can meet up at.](http://www.safetradestations.com)
That’s the whole point of selling, to make it look good. 

Okada’s Rainmaker doesn’t look that bad, but they make it work.
Got that one cousin who’s always calling for favors.

As far as he knows I work long hours (I don’t have a job)
It kinda gets me worked up too
I’ll only watch if the ramp is made of gold /s
Me when people tell me this at work.

[It’s still real to me, dammit!](https://youtu.be/BvTNyKIGXiI)
Spotify sometimes skips ahead a couple of songs (while on the player screen). Might not be related tho
Filter by keyword
Missed out last year (SoCal), def gonna start saving up to join my brothers in orange/blue
Hacked? Yeah you’re right.

Goddamn DeVoe is OP. Unstoppable if he had the Speed Force.
Damn, I forgot all about Tamina
https://screenrant.com/halloween-2018-movie-michael-myers-mask/

Should’ve just asked why his mask looked aged instead of being a dick.
Most likely gonna be a serious film like Logan but w/ Old Man Myers. (At least I hope so)
/r/halloweenseries
Constant promoter of Herbalife. All he wants is Laurie to sign up.
Working at the local butcher shop, coming home to some Coors, going over his finances, and watching Deal or No Deal re-runs.

Until he senses Laurie’s return and his killer instincts take over. He finally kills her and wonders what he’s gonna do w/ his life now.
I wonder if Hartley’s gloves would’ve worked too. IIRC they’ve kept them.
Too many commercials but I enjoy the themed marathons and random ninja films. Cool lil network.
My body is ready
Yup, love how Gamby just put that fool to rest w/o hesitation.

Almost thought they were gonna go the Flash route and talk about not killing.
No
The savings are really minimal, since we’re barely on the home screen. Might as well enjoy OLED’s bright colors.

If you really want to save some battery, smart invert’s a good option even though it’s not fully there yet.
I mean after she stepped on it
And then she leaves the goddamn nail sticking out. I kept waiting throughout the film for someone to bend or remove it.
Someone come get their mans (Coach)
Tried watching the Almas Takeover fight and the cuts got me nauseous. Put on NJPW and the difference is so clear.
G L O R I O U S
Coach’s sounding a bit “slow”
Fuck I love their new animations
Is Coach being bad on purpose or what?
Or from NXT, could be Almas
Oh, alright thanks for that info

Feeling really excited rn 
Styles?
Yup, AirPlay is cool but I’d also like to view other media while playing music smh. 

If the app does come out, I hope it includes Spotify Connect.
And these are some of the scariest films imo. 

Cults & their leaders are goddamn scary.
Huh, looks pretty clean but “un-finished” in some areas.

I like the look, but hate that it’s not compact. Hopefully, this isn’t the final version.
Screenshot?
Not mobile, but a tvOS app is greatly needed too.
There was a sweepstakes thing a while ago. Had to check in every week for a month IIRC.

Not sure if the promo’s still running, but damn I really wanted to go even though I’m a NAS guy.
Is this for the trackpad or mouse?
And that’s why I’ll never stick to FF. They’re weird design decisions are a turn-off.

Safari manages to be really clean while providing lots of function.
Doesn’t it already invert colors by default?

The other guy was talking about the app’s UI not turning dark.
Enable “Change with buttons” in sound settings
Saw that earlier and read the imore article. It’s mostly sapphire with a coat of glass for the interior side. He was fracturing it, instead of scratching it.

[Link](https://www.imore.com/yes-iphone-7-lenses-really-are-made-out-sapphire?amp)
I switch between cases (silicone/leather) but mostly nude w/ a PopSocket. 

The pop helps with the grip, protects the back when laid down, & provides a stand.
The lens and Touch ID are made of sapphire IIRC. Pretty goddamn tough to scratch, but I understand the worries.
Just realized we got 1 ep left, but it’ll be a good idea for season 2. 

I’m in CA, so I can’t really check out the discussion since it’s all spoilers.
Soon he’ll bring upon the sunshine
Seriously, my life feels empty
Does the small chip also enhance their speed and strength? That may be another reason why they didn’t go with it.
OP’s talking about paying online
Pretty much whenever I get the emails. 

Claim the offer rn with multiple dealers and they’ll send you the same offer in the future.
I get these almost every other month and collect $120.

Try again, there’s bound to be a different employee. Or another dealer.
I’m still waiting for him to pick up a trash can lid.
It’s just a sleeper. 

Like how people talk about Sicario, but Hell or High Water is just as great (1st thing I thought of).
“God made me in his image”
Yup, it’s like car/health insurance. The bills are annoying, but you’re grateful when something serious happens.
Lmao just keep eating Mike
STFU Snooki
“I just hit my 10,000th step”
Goddamn Ron gonna raise plumber children
There was not even a single mention about what happened on this ep. They could’ve at least said that he needed some time to recover after straining his body.
And after just coming off Flashtime
Bruh, are you even watching Black Lightning?
Looks like a bear, pig/cow, and at least 2 humans... damn.
I thought Iris was gonna take a break from Team Flash and return to journalism. Maybe with less members on the team, it’ll be easier to write better plots.
Check out my recent post to see her in all her beautiful glory.
Yup, must be great to never have to worry about expectations/hopes being crushed. Watching games must be fun just to see how you’ll lose.
What’s up with these repetitive feuds? Boring SD so far
Maria Kenellis? I’m wondering that too
Just like smashing the Spanish announce table
VPN?
Yep
I was in /r/WWE before and I thought this sub was supposed to be what you described. Way more nitpicking, conspiracies & disappointment here.

At least I got introduced to NJPW
Yep, you can skip S1 since it gets amazing after that. Much more looser, fun, & action-y compared to the other CW shows.
LoT season finale > this
Lost the link but it was from Patron. Showed everything that happens tonight (except who wins)
Damn I want Bray to wear white too
Yeah, he’s pretty amazing to watch. Btw whatever happened to him? I haven’t watched Raw in a bit, but I haven’t seen him around.

Edit: just read that he’s injured. That sucks, hope he gets better
Now I want a tag-team ladder match where Braun tosses Nicholas in the air so he can grab the titles.
Huh, I may have to rewatch it. Thanks for the heads up.
I still feel pride when I load up trucks nice & fast at my warehouse job. Also training new hires and seeing them flourish is cool.

Edit: been here for at least 2 years. Maybe later I’ll start feeling nothing.
SummerSlam? Goddamn was that intense & monstrous
I think he means a non-store purchase like Craigslist & whatnot
Rewatching HHH v Rollins WM 33 cause that video package was better than any of these. Then watching Rollins get his leg fucked up was intense.
I fucking hate Roman.

My sister loves him. “I know he can be a bitch/mean, but he’s funny/cool & he has a good personality.”
You didn’t like the “dream match”?
If Carmella doesn’t pull of a Rollins, I’m done with this
Nicholas gonna hit a pile driver and get banned from NOLA
I knew she was thick, but this is something else
Brought the Capri Sun box
Boxing match vibes
Money: Want Some
Beer: Want Some
Bed: Want Some
AJ Styles: Want None
I’ll never tire of AJ’s song intro
This is my swamp!
Oh my god those tits
Mmmmm
Cooldown time
AR pyro 
Not even AJ v Nak?
It was a wild ride
Paige looking fucked up
These dudes going to TNA or RAW?
Nah, Asuka v Flair
Like 3
Where’s Bryan w/ the senzu bean?
Flashes of HHH WM 31
Felt like back in the day when Taker used to end Smackdown
Considering he’s old and prob not in good shape to fight long the duration was good enough

At least he buried Cena and we got a great entrance
How’d the lightning look like live?
This has got to end with the Last Ride
Always love when Taker whips his hair back
Give my mans all the pyro
Pure blue screen smh 
2:30 I think
Fuck the budget
Never got this excited for anything in my life
Never marked out this much in my life
Taker’s in the crowd
Quickly covered all the windows when the lights turned off smh 
Nahhh hahahah
WHAT THE FUCK
Ref gonna tell him there’s no match
Now to feud w/ Bray/Matt
Now to feud w/ Bray/Matt
The Usos confirmed Young Bucks’ marks
Goddamn the Usos almost blew out my woofer
Can someone confirm that the AR stuff is not jut a TV effect?
Steph crying for her life damn
Nalgona Rousey
Best match so far
It’s like Young Bucks v Golden Lovers. Chaotic mess
Classic WWE match
These slams sound killer
Love watching Ronda adjusting her gear 
NOT THE SPANISH ANNOUNCE TABLE
Ref looking like jersey shore 
“The lines are close to empty rn” - ref 
Bayley fucks
That skirt tho
Definitely excited to be there w her mans
English looking like Nigel Uno
Shit
Forgot English was in there
Backstage 
TAKER’S HERE BOIS
Take a seat Asuka
FUCK YES
Now this is a proper Women’s match. Legends
I fucking love Charlotte now.

What a hell of a match
CleavageMania
Cedric & Seth winning
Yep
NXT & WM know how to start their shit
YES!!!! GO ROLLINS!!! BLUE EYES WHITE DRAGON
Thanks for the heads up. Gonna skip some matches then.
Cody v Omega? Damn really?

Saw a bit of Page and it looked good
How was Supercard? Gonna watch it tomorrow
Wtf would’ve been perfect for Demon Balor
Seto Kaiba’s his master
But will they top some of WM 31’s entrances? Triple H’s was badass
Tits & Beads
Umm, Elias is the future of music afaik
It was a joke, forgot the /s. They keep plugging it every chance they can.
BUDGETMANIA
[In case y’all don’t know](https://i.imgur.com/01TSaKY.jpg)
Does Roman respect Brock?

And how much is Wrestlemania for new subs?

Edit: /s
Becky needs to be goddamn respected
No more of Mandy’s ass smh
Bayley with the salon apron thing
Why does only Bayley/Becky have entrances?
If so, they should’ve wait til the next 205 live for that match imo. 

Crowd would’ve been into it, longer match, & proper celebration.
The winner didn’t even get a proper celebration. Like the tournament led up to nothing.
Cena told her husband to find another seat
Felt like a regular 205 match. Buddy v Kalisto had more heart.

Ali should’ve won.
Dedicating all bandwidth to my Apple TV.

Everybody else can lag, ITS WM BABY!
Found a link w the details. 

Thanks for taking your time to explain it. Really appreciate it.
What’s up w/ Gargano being banned, if Ciampa attacked first?
Can someone give me a quick summary about the story here
That’s why it’s my fav spot. Every Fri night after the theater I eat there. It’s usually the same 3 guys & they recognize my order. They’ll also ask if it’s grilled enough.
Try a different location. 

My first one had too much rice & they didn’t grill it (meh store). Nachos were alright tho.

Last night I stopped at my fav spot where they know how I like it grilled. Took out rice, added CJS, & it came out tasting like a Stacker. Jacked up the flavor w/ breakfast salsa + Hot Cheetos Fries.

Might try it w/ rice at the same spot next time. Also gonna add black beans to maintain heat. 2 burritos will be filling, but I’m a nachos guy.
Triple Melt Burrito
OH LAWD
Pretty much. You were better off buying 3-4 of those bad boys w/ a happy hour drink.

The boxes are legit when they include pricy items like the Quesarito, Triple Double, & Double Chalupa.

I understand they’re for showcasing featured items tho.
Yup, makes for a disappointing box. At least we still got the Cravings Deal.
Most likely the engagement ring
Sam has it. Revenge for trying to kill her.
Goddamn that El Chapo line is gold
I may be wrong, but he’s going to be a terrible father
JWoww’s looking really damn hot
Yeahhhhh Buddyyyyy!
Can Mike get his own room or switch? I’d hate staying with Ron
1
Also replace rice w/ black beans if you want to keep it hot
Looks like you got more than what they gave me in the cardboard box
It was alright so far. It didn’t get grilled and there was too much rice imo. Gonna try a different TB tomorrow.

The nachos were good though 
For some reason I still can’t believe this is happening. It’s really mind-blowing. 

First Keenum and now King. This team’s gonna be really different.
Really enjoyed it but I didn’t miss it after the switch. 
[Link](http://www.idownloadblog.com/2017/05/09/install-kodi-apple-tv-4-tvos/)

Bit of a process to prepare the app (not hard), but then all you do is side load it every 7 days.
Not shown by I really miss the Triple Double Crunchwrap Supreme box. It’s what got me hooked to TB and I haven’t stop going since. 
I’ve just been watching replays, which hasn’t gotten boring. I’m glad the team has time to rest, practice, and evolve.

But yeah I especially want to see Keenum play.
Thought it’d be useless, but I use it everyday. The experience is smooth and quick. Plus, you can install Kodi.

Save money by taking advantage of [this](https://www.macrumors.com/2018/04/02/directv-now-extends-through-april/). Also, if you have ATT, you can get free HBO GO.
Damn, this off-season has been a wild ride which I don’t wanna get off of. Can’t wait to see how everything turns out. 
But do they have a restaurant, huh? Haha. I do enjoy getting Barq’s @Taco Bell tho. 

And thanks for the pic compliment. iPhone’s good at taking quick snaps.
I saw that but it sounded weird. I’ll have to see how it goes tomorrow. Do I ask them to run it as credit or do I choose the option & swipe?
NAS hooked it up w/ $3 coupons so I finally tried them. Tried the blacks & turquoise so far and turquoise has become my fav pack. Before that it was Wides & Newport.

I love that I can smoke the turquoise to the filter w/o burning myself and it feels “clean”. They were harsh at first, but I quickly adapted. They’re no Luckies, but it’s a better overall experience.
You think a Visa debit card would work? I only have a Discover credit card.
It’s an unnecessary post. OP could buy $8 worth of random items & get filled. Even a box does the job.

Or he could’ve searched the sub and find similar posts.
And a water cup to fill it in
Tried it, but the PayPal checkout page showed $9.99 on the top corner.

It worked when I used my mobile data & a different name. Most likely the name is what worked.
Trading RB & Hearst for DD
Still need that Hearst code?
Do you use the same name and address? I’ve tried a different email but it won’t let me.
Kinda like the Barry/Cisco issue with his brother. It was annoying.
All the nearest theaters are 30mi away. I’d go, but my car can’t handle LA freeway traffic (heats up).

Gonna keep checking to see if it comes to my nearby Regal & Tristone theaters.
Pizza’s pizza
Did it went well? The latest update should improve performance. Make a backup before the reset if you plan on restoring your data. 

Personally, I set up as new and re-download my apps. Your iCloud data should return seamlessly.
Just out of curiosity, are you running the latest update and have you ever tried a restore/reset?
Isn’t it considered Tex-Mex?
Damn, the Canadian site looks better than the US’ imo.

Not too busy, colorful food pics, and the black header.
Use him as a secret weapon when all options have been exhausted.

We’ll call him the Hail Mary. /s
If he doesn’t pump his fist, does it hurt less?
[Menu pic from OP](https://ibb.co/jyOON7)
That and the burrito are coming out soon. An employee on YouTube told TheReportOfTheWeek that it’ll be on April 5th.
Leprechaun: Origins? I was channel surfing last night and it showed up. It’s a WWE production with Hornswoggle. It has a darker/serious tone, cheap effects, boring characters, but still watchable.
I just want Barkley. We’ve already got Keenum & Kelley. 
No, just gotta be enjoyable/fun or have an interesting story (monster lore, making of a killer, revenge, etc). 

I enjoyed Insidious 4 for those 2 reasons. Winchester tried too hard so I left.
xnxx recommends better vids, but I like that I can save vids on xvideos. Then there’s beeg & spankbang for HD clips.
Yup, been using a MPOW adapter and it’s been great. I love how the vol buttons double as prev/skip buttons.
Are you gonna try it? I’ve set an order haha
I’d buy 2 for that reason. Eat one & preserve the other. I especially want the Elvira & Krueger boxes. I really like the colors, font, & black/white bottom bars.
Yeah, I’ve noticed that too. It runs cool most of the time now.

The real test will be at the beach tomorrow. My phone will heat up quickly, run slow, and eat the battery on a sunny day (which makes sense). Excited to see how it goes.
Also experiencing longer battery life on iPhone 7. 

This update is legit.
Halloween vibes. I’d probably pick one up too, it looks neat.
Me
Don’t care for Funko, but I’m digging the box designs. Hopefully the cereals taste as good as they look. 
What about them? I’m on iPhone 7.
With everything you got
It’s a bad quality image, but no I don’t see it.
Black Lightning is doing so well rn. Hopefully the same thing doesn’t happen to it.

Is Cecile’s baby a meta human too? They’re gonna have to take a break to raise the kid. I like Ralph, but I wouldn’t mind if he died. Also, have Iris return to reporting, leaving Barry in charge. Harry, Cisco, & Caitlin will keep doing their thing.
There’s a book? Haha. It’s my man Spielberg, so it’s a must. I also enjoy watching the trailer at the theater every week. The “players” look weird, but I’ve seen worse.

The theater I’m going to is kinda small, so I can get refills w/o missing much. So that’s sweet.

Edit: damn, the latest showing is @6pm. I prefer later showings (9pm+), so ima go to a Tristone location. I’ll save the soda for Unsane on Sun.
Hopefully it works at AMC Classic locations. Will love some Coke Zero during Ready Player One.
He’s prob talking about the public release
Yup, moving on to better things: monkeys being buttered 🙈😛
I moved on. The jb got kind of useless/boring and iOS 11 performance is finally improving.
Does this stick notifications to the top? Like how it used to be?
I mean I didn’t knew about this film until now. So there’s positive sides to this post.
Sounds like my cup of tea then. 12 Strong didn’t have enough action, so this sounds good. 

Thanks
From my experience I can only make 3 accounts on the same network. I have a bunch from making them on various hotspots.

Edit: actually, reinstalling the app works too IIRC (confirmed rn).
Similar to 12 Strong or better? I got through that & it was alright.
Oh, I thought you were someone who watches all his films.
This. I used to be a data hoarder (photos/vids/music/messages) until I realized I rarely re-visited old stuff. 

Forced myself to mass delete them, unless they were super important, and felt clean afterwards. 

2 yrs later & all my devices barely use 10gb.
Was 13 Hours enjoyable?
I’ve got faith in CHJ to straighten him out. Our locker room can be tough.
Yeah, the singing scenes were embarrassing but I kinda got into the story. Also saw it with my sis (16) who enjoyed it.
Yup, don’t wanna blow your load in one season. 

This way they won’t have to go overboard with future seasons just to meet demand (like saving the world type of stuff).
It didn’t catch your attention or were you busy?
My sis & I are hyped. She got hooked w/ 1 ep while it took 2-3 w/ the others. She loves the serious drama & the sisters.
This some next level shit
I use the MBP charger w/ an adapter and it definitely feels quicker. I know iPhone controls the voltage it receives, so it might be placebo.

Too lazy to run tests
How’s the show btw? Which arrowverse show would you compare it to, if possible?
Glad that they’re simplifying the product line.

Does this replace the mini? Or will it still be there?
Yes pls
**Barkley @5th**
I need those fonts on my phone and a matching colorful wallpaper.
Finally. Time for new LTO’s to shine. Even my sis who loved these got tired of them yesterday.

I’ll keep mourning you Stacker.
Like if anyone reads the sidebar/community info /s
Wouldn’t the space grey MacBooks and iPhones also cost more if that were true?

2nd part definitely makes sense.
Clean and to the point
He’s gonna scalp fake tix and be locked out
Taker’s actually Cena’s spilt personality
Have Cena go insane and pretend to see Taker. He’ll fight a ghost at WM
Why can’t Raw end on time? 2nd time missing out on legends of tomorrow’s intro
Slow-mo Kane
Be kind to one another? Leave Taker alone
Neon green
I’d be too with these segments & filler matches 
Free museums exist
Thought it was gonna be a MoviePass commercial
This is why SD is my main show. Less filler
Taker backstage 

https://media1.giphy.com/media/awv64kmRj9Jv2/giphy.gif
Less emotion than the Terminator
Babygul
Where’s Xavier at?
Some intern’s out here crying
I love Bayley but her character’s lame. 
Soccer’s boring imo. Rather watch big ass dudes crush each other and QB’s trying to fight against all kinds of pressure (NFL).
Everyone stays silent while they wait for Freebird to end. Taker just having the time of his life.
Cole’s still better than the SSE commentary team
Jobbers will job 
Killer Frost
Miz playing 4D chess
/thread
JR - “he’s tougher than a $2 steak”
Who else is rewatching the main event rn on AXS? Now I can really focus on the moves & story.
First Ibushi match. Didn’t knew he’s so ruthless, he looked innocent.

Also my first YB match & ima stalk them now.
Perfect. Can’t wait to dive through these. Have a good one!
Up the ante? Holy fuck, I can’t wait
I’m Kenny and I like to party 
Would’ve been more insane with the NJPW production team
Citizen Kane type of stuff. Beautiful performance and storytelling.
Glad I’m not in that ring
Goddamn supernova
JR finally waking up
Can this just become an ongoing match for centuries?

I don’t want it to stop and need my future grandkids to experience it
Damn this is better than Omega v Okada G1 2017
As God is my witness, he is broken in half!
The Man with the Bad Back -Film Title
Blame AXS
Thanks! I’ve got an empty week ahead, so this should be great

How about Ishi & Tanahashi matches?
Sure, been really into Okada matches. Also saw Day 1 & 2 of New Japan Cup. And some random matches that air at 2am on AXS.
So glad I started watching NJPW last week. This shit is fun. 

It started with researching AJ Styles’ background and Bullet Club. First match I saw was Omega v Okada @G1.
Use the Hola VPN extension to change your location, then you can use njpwworld
What is this commentary lol

“Looks like shoes some people would stand in line for. I’d definitely stand in line for them.”
Rey coming out was like a shot of adrenaline.
BOOYAKA BOOYAKA 619
Huh, I was wondering what new app people kept mentioning 
Goddamn, that’s my favorite LTO. 

Idc what amazing food they have in Japan, I’d eat these 24/7.

Near burnt, sour cream, & CJS hmm
Have you ever actually got the shits from TB? My friends, family, & I have never experienced it.
Never had the BCB but the Fritos burrito tastes way better with CJS. The 3 cheese blend might help too.
Did OP went to school for that?
You should directly reply to him so he knows.

Glad I have AXS for once haha
Use a VPN to change your location
Seriously, we need the famous NJPW camera work. Also, this shit’s too bright & audio is meh.

At least I get to watch it for free on cable.
Tbh I wasn’t paying attention. There’s lots of people posting it
They need to get out of the fucking ring
Search “strong style evolved stream”, first link

Or change your location with a VPN to get the njpwworld stream
LETS GO!
PM me fam
I still wonder how Shanahan would’ve worked out for us smh
Replace them with red strips if you like the crunchiness. But yeah I also love $1 LTO that satisfy my cravings.

Still remember going everyday for stackers & potatoritos. 
Make sure you when you run you dig your heels in and you move back and forth in a tight formation.
Whoosh
Have you tried running faster?
Apollo, Safari, & Spotify

A bit of C.A.T.S throughout the day for fun
I don’t really mind the filler episodes. Without them we wouldn’t have Enter Flashtime. And the singing/dancing ep was great fun imo.

The only Netflix show I love is DD (haven’t watched JJ). Iron Fist was cool, but now we got the more entertaining Black Lightning. Iron Fist was just terrible. The Defenders was badass tho.
Hopefully, Gambi’s suit fixes the issue somehow.
I could care less about politics/social issues but I still enjoy the show. The music, characters, and mysterious story outweigh everything else.

Can’t wait for a better taste of Jennifer’s powers tonight!
The legendary Quesarito and Crunchwrap Supreme. Also try the sauces and breakfast salsa.
Looks goddamn glorious. It’ll get me buying the box again.
Stackers too pls.

There’s supposed to be a $1 Queso Beef Burrito coming up soon so I’m saving up my $1’s.
I remember seeing a list this year’s releases and seeing the chalupa on it.

Ima try to find it again.

Edit: [Here.](https://www.livingmas.com/single-post/2017/11/08/BIG-Taco-Bell-LEAK) Guess they’re changing it cause the fries were too popular.
Works fine for my family and me. From my experience, Safari’s the only stock app that sometimes crashes.
Halloween. You’re always wondering why Michael is the way he is and the man in black makes everything even more mysterious. Still get kinda scared whenever I see a MM costume on Halloween.

I’m also in love with how they portrayed that time of year in a nice, small town. All I want is to live in a town/neighborhood like that (except w/o a killer). It’s also good for rewatches cause of its runtime.
Idk much about him. Is he anything like Todd Gurley? If so, I’ll be hyped af.
All kidding aside, I want what the Rams have.
Cell towers can still track you. Unless, you’re going completely off-grid keep enjoying those apps.

Btw why don’t you import your gmail to the stock mail app?
They’re about the same in strength, maybe the blacks are a bit stronger. But the blacks definitely have a better aroma & taste.

Definitely not as as strong as unfiltered cigs. They were both harsh at first but I got used to it quickly.

Overall, I prefer Turqouise since it feels “cleaner” & I can smoke it to the filter w/o burning myself.
[I’m all about “Reset Home Screen Layout”.](https://imgur.com/a/4e47k/)

Edit: Are my pics low-res for anyone else? Uploaded from Apollo smh.
Also check /r/TestFlight for devs looking for testers.
Maybe pizza’s not your thing. At least, from this company. DiGiorno’s still good for the price.
Wooh! It’s my fav combo after TB’s Big Box. 

Edit: smart move making this on Monday. Less people=small profit hit, hopefully they do more of these.
I arrived late so I missed the infamous horse scene smh. So I couldn’t tell if it was a recent event or if she did it a while back. 

Was Amanda also “emotionless” in the beginning? Kept thinking that that’s what triggered her personality change.
Brea Plaza 5?

Asking cause that’s my fav theater and I’m wondering how the e-ticketing process works there.

Edit: it was quick. All they did was look at the reservation screen when I told them I bought my tix online. No more swiping & signing.
Yup, she was wearing a RIP type of shirt IIRC. It’s weird how LaWanda’s ghost is now having a relationship with LaLa.
Huh, I’m actually in a similar situation. I also buy messed up tech/furniture/etc, fix it up, & make a profit. 

If you’re paying off stuff, make big payments whenever possible. I’ve drastically lowered my monthly expenses/bills & I feel alright now.
It just keeps sounding worse hahah I think I’ll just save my gas. I’ll keep sticking to OfferUp & Amazon.

Enjoy the Apple TV, I got the same one and love it. I wanted the 4K just in case I upgrade my TV and to wirelessly install IPA’s (gotta re-install Kodi every week).
Damn, you’re probably right. I’ll check anyways to see if there’s anything good. Maybe I can find a gaming system or other tech stuff.
Did they have the 4K version? I’ll check mines this weekend, but I’m pretty sure it’s gone already.
Keep watching
Seriously, have Killer Frost attempt to freeze the tentacles while Barry goes in w/ the cuffs. The show’s still enjoyable, but I hope the writers get smarter or loosen up like in LoT.

I wonder how Black Lightning would be like after 2 seasons. So far, it’s been seriously good.
Joe can’t wait for his turn on the speed train
He says this, but will he stick w/ it? I’m guessing it’s just a fun project/experiment, but still believes actual cameras are better.
It’s all randomly generated IIRC
Amanda actually has plenty of emotions, but has trouble expressing them therefore she acts numb. Like learning how to cry, so she wouldn’t be awkward in sad situations. 

She loved Lily and was ready to stab Mark, only if she was in danger (which Lily was trying to make happen). When Lily asked her if her life had meaning, Amanda got awkward & indecisive, then Lily presents her w/ the drink (pushing her towards the decision to drink it).

I realized all this after a 2nd viewing. It was definitely sad the 2nd time around.
IMO Amanda mentioned murder because she felt/knew that that’s what Lily wanted. She even says something about going off the vibes Lily gave her. 

This then turned into a good opportunity for Lily; having someone else do the work/take the fall. Whenever they discussed it she always says “how will you do it”, making Amanda feel responsible for the task.

Lily’s hot, but goddamn was she a bitch. Amanda’s out there thinking that they rekindled their friendship, but will Lily ever visit her now?
Did she really contact her first? The mom asks her if she’s there about the deal when she visits Amanda.
Seriously, this can all be solved with the creation of /r/SuperCorp. OP can even be mod smh.
Actually most posts are coming from OP. Dude’s really into it.
Nope, just some weird fans wanting Kara & Lena to fall in love. Look up Supercorp for more info.
The Bill Murray of WWE
I think he meant the GM release
Wally has been tossed around like trash. I really like Ray, but had to give Wally some love too.
Damn, she just cut him off like nothing
How do you look like?
Looks like my Postmates bag
Is that Clint Howard?
Look up a stream afterwards. That’s what I do when I miss one.
I guess you can say the same for [Shameless](http://www.celebritymoviearchive.com/tour/source.php/5374) haha
It was a Friday afternoon & my dad went to the library after work to get some VHS’. Got me Halloween cause he thought I’d like the cover art. Watched it at 10pm after doing homework and I didn’t sleep afterwards.

I think I was in 4-6th grade lol. I was really into Power Rangers, so I prayed to Zordon for protection.
Is that mustard?
It’s probably not even Supercorp fans. This whole shipping thing is dumb.
Same, since day 1 I experienced slightly sticky/clicky keys. It was my first MBP, so I brushed it off. It’s an on/off thing now (not serious) that I learned to live with.

I don’t have AppleCare, so I hope I won’t have to pay big $ if it ever becomes serious.
Personally, I feel the opposite. Even better watching it on a Mac at night to match the setting. Really excited for this one!
[Sign up](https://www.moviepass.com), receive a card, head to the theater, check in via the app, card loads up, and you pay w/ it. 1 film a day (standard showing). 

Gotta be nearby to check in; can’t reserve tix ahead of time. Unless, the app shows theaters that support e-ticketing (reserve from home). I haven’t had issues w/ getting a seat on busy nights.

[Here’s a vid that shows the process.](https://youtu.be/NkQRPWPQv5s) Keep in mind that most issues have been resolved and the [app UI has upgraded.](https://i.imgur.com/Lgnz68p.jpg) [Here’s a map](https://www.moviepasslocations.com) with supported locations. There’s also /r/MoviePassClub for discussions & news.
Your 70’s vibe comment gave me a cool thought. I’m imagining how it would’ve been if they did something similar to I Spit On Your Grave and have the daughter (or both) become the hunter.
I actually enjoy short & fun horror films that I can easily rewatch like Lights Out & Black Christmas. Definitely adding this to my library.

Do you think the siblings will eventually become “strangers” and continue the legacy? There’s also the option of a prequel, but it might ruin the first film’s mystique.
Haven’t seen the first one in a long time, so I’ll prob do the same.

The recent Rangers film? I enjoyed it a lot too, I was a huge fan up to high school. Tommy was my main guy haha. The ‘95 film was a masterpiece.
Gotta get yourself MoviePass ($10), fam. Also, check out Annihilation to forget about this film. It’s trippy, chilling, and has a great Portman performance.

Personally, I enjoyed this for what it was.
True. I didn’t hate the film, it was a great modern slasher. imo it was a sweet sequel, like what Aliens is to Alien.
She should’ve been used as bait, at least. I thought it was to show that they weren’t playing around, but they kinda took their time hunting the others.
Idk, getting paid a decent paycheck for minimal filming sounds like a sweet deal.
I was kinda hoping she would’ve become a Stranger herself.
Would’ve been a better ending if he also swung his axe around haha. 

Instead, we got that non-believable scene.
Alien didn’t need one, but then we got Aliens which also became a classic.

Haven’t revisited The Strangers in a long time, but this feels like Aliens (sequel-wise).
Do you feel like the back of the truck scene was a homage to  [TCM](https://ccpopculture.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/the-texas-chainsaw-massacre-1974-e1375911352533.jpg)?
Hopefully, I get a chance to meet him now that he’s in LA.

The video of PFM visiting Colts fans for his statue reveal was really wonderful.
That budget :)
That and I always get a feeling of anxiety. Definitely one of my greatest purchases.
Might have to check out Walgreens more often. Usually BevMo has some good deals for club members, so that’s my go-to.
It’s completely different, but still pretty cool. Has a couple of life lessons, realistic scenarios, and Netflix Defender’s vibes.

You should start catching up, shit’s starting to get intense.
Oh yeah, my mom picked up a 6 pack of Redds at the CVS near TI. Nothing better than walking down the strip chugging on bottles.
Got some 2 for 3 Pabst’s at a souvenir shop to go along with my Stackers. Felt trashy, but I don’t regret it.
The fries are a weird addition, but the Bell’s known to come out with other weird menu items. The Cinnabon Delights and Chicken Chips are good examples.

IIRC the OG Taco Bell did serve burgers.
He barely learned how to fly. He’s got to train and strengthen the skill before he does anything crazy.

Also, for all he knows Tori was an innocent bystander.
It’s probably people that haven’t revisited it in a long time. I thought 13 Ghosts was a really good film, until I saw it again last week (it’s trash).
Yeah, I think since they were merging with the ecosystem, it was keeping them alive. But maybe whenever the animals eat, it also feeds everything else. I wonder if the crocodile wanted to eat too.
Yup, it just tore it out. Still weird how it captured her dying moans. What about the skull?
Use iCloud photo sharing or google photos/drive
Tap on the play button for higher res images. Gotta pay to watch the scenes, but I go to aznude.com for that.

Way better than having to seek through films/eps to find the good stuff haha.
[NSFW](http://www.celebritymoviearchive.com/tour/name.php/3945)
Yup, next week feels like another one. Like “oops, we gave Iris powers”.
I think the time limit part has to do with his stamina & nutrition. His body slowly shuts down just like everyone he touched while in Flashtime.

If he had an infinite nutrition source and was one w/ the Speedforce, he’d be god-like.
Love me some Wides! Haven’t seen the new design in person yet, so this would be a good change of pace
Yeah it’s like the same prices as the ones here in SoCal. Quality is definitely top-notch, I had the best Stackers there. Soda fountain is amazing too.
Tap on the 3-dot menu button to change the sorting settings.
Is it her tho? Her i’s aren’t dotted and the a’/g’s look different. Unless she wrote it like how Kara would.
Took a bit but I see Katie now too. The left stick is the leg and the C-like curve are the K branches. The A is sometimes tricky to do in cursive, so it comes out like a U when written quick.
Y tho
When the news first came out I sat down and went to town creating accounts. I’m set for the year in case they cancel the sign up bonus.
Music by Blaze Neely
No, but I have seen a lot of The Flasher.
Yup it’s showing on mobile 
Have you tried subbing for chicken or steak?
I have a feeling he’s going to sacrifice himself to kill/hurt DeVoe.
Has it been confirmed that her daughter came from another guy? 

Well I mean they were never supposed to meet anyways right?
[This?](https://amp.reddit.com/r/nostalgia/comments/6y0n1y/remember_these_how_many_free_tacos_did_you_win/)
Cheesy Core Burrito
True, but they also include Music Freedom/Binge On w/ all their plans IIRC.
Go outside at night or blow outside from your window and air it out.
T-Mobile fam. 

Download/stream all the things.
Well at least these aren’t furries posts
What’s going on w/ this sub smh
Really makes you appreciate how badass the show truly is
He’s confirming that the “heated fight” is part of the show.

[Found this YT vid rn discussing the image.](https://youtu.be/LbYh_okZQo4)
I mean it looks outdated. Like an iPhone 4 app stretched to fit big/higher resolution screens. It works fine, but compared to McDonalds’ app it looks like trash.

The mobile site looks pretty clean, so I wouldn’t mind if it shared similar UI’s.
For sure fam. He also visited 5 Guys so he knows his stuff.
I knew it sounded familiar haha I prefer mamón. And that burger looks so good, I’m in LA so there’s bound to be a Cuban place nearby. Thanks for the recommendation
Gotta try one soon. Btw what’s fritas coño? Looked up coño and was greeted by pussies lol.
Assumed it was a Cuban thing cause of the name. Found out rn that Cuban sandwiches (Cubanos) is what you’ll find there. Same thing but with Cuban bread instead of bollilo + it originated in FL.

It’s what Jon Favreau cooks in Chef.
Yup, one of those gets me full for the day haha. Also depends where you go, cause some places skimp on the meat. 

It’s also good with queso fresco slices, mustard, & jalapeños slices.
Tainting Spider-Man’s name
IIRC they were filming a scene
Ice Bear approves
https://medium.com/lucky-peach/on-tortas-cubanas-834c317961c6

Torta with milanesa, fried egg, hot dogs, cheese, ham and other random meat. 
Holy shit I remember they used to put 2 in each bag. Never noticed that they disappeared.

Edit: nvm, I may be thinking about Sonic.
Gotta try a torta cubana
The Cantina Power Veggie Burrito is pretty damm healthy. Add some chicken & rice to fill you up more:
I fucked with them heavy until they got replaced with a pet care thing.

They had some really good cheap items. I loved the chocolate turnovers & shakes.
Goddamn the current app is awful. They should at least update the resolution/size for modern phones rn. 

Hopefully the new one is clean af.
And ketchup 
It’s been a while for me too. I’m on a budget and have been using coupons for Camels/NAS. For some reason Newport mobile coupons don’t work.
Was thinking of doing this for fun a while ago, now I know the result. Keep it up OP.
Fuck Getty

Other than that, the ep was great
Automatic iCloud backups? Almost everyone has one.
I kinda dig it. Reminds me of B&J’s Phish Food and normal s’mores.
Clean Install Crew
Same AFAIK
My sis has this issue. Glad to hear it’s a beta thing and not a hardware defect or issue with my DHCP settings.
No, unless your phone crashes IIRC. Afterwards a toggle shows up. 

I know some phones crash when they’re used in really cold temps, so maybe leaving it in the fridge will work.
Have you contacted Apple Support?
Update from iTunes?
Same thing if you join the iPhone Upgrade Program?
Do you need to sign up for the Barclay card to finance from them?
Plug your nostrils
Yeah, I’m familiar w/ the process. Just finished rn, but w/ a clean install (I enjoy it).

If the battery does last longer, I’ll get off the beta train for a while. 
He asked what the thing was made out of
You get what you pay for.

If it were me, I’d try to embrace the lifestyle and get those foam things for some sound dampening. (Prob bad advice but that’s just me)
Same issue on iOS. Especially noticeable on Facebook and Twitter. Using the navigation arrows is much quicker.
You want it back too? The battery definitely lasted longer and the performance drop was so minimal.
If the phone crashes for any reason (like temp related or system crash), a toggle to enable throttling shows up.
Keeps the Hot Cheetos cool
Has anyone figured out how to force a reboot so the throttling returns? I actually didn’t mind it since it made the phone last longer.

Btw I’ve got a 7 w/ 87-89% battery health 
Black cast in a superhero film = free ride to the Oscars.
But come on, we all knew it’d only be for a bit and that BP will return.
Let him sleep with the fishes
Just replay the scene in VR while the cops are knocking at the door
Static Shock guest appearance then he gets a spin-off show
Only place I watch them since I’m at school during that time.
The ads show up around the same time a tv commercial will show. I don’t really mind them cause they provide a good break. 

I’d stream it elsewhere but the quality’s not the same.
Vibranium
Also works with Pall Mall written on the pack
Why winter? That’s the best time for a nice toasty full bodied cig.
I’ve never tried them cause they’re like $12 here haha. Hopefully, I can find a place that accepts physical coupons & not just mobile.

I’ve been wanting that rad black pack for so long. I think I’ll be able to handle it haha
Damn nice finds. That’s one of my main reasons for wanting to travel haha. I’d be smoking so many Luckies and NF Camels. 

Btw we’re used to all the horrible images from the non-American posters.
Got 3 of those $3 a pack coupons. Can’t wait to finally try NAS. That dark blue pack looks sleek
IIRC Apple is to blame for this. They limit the functions of 3rd party keyboards. GBoard, SwiftKey and other similar keyboards all move the cursor the same way.
My favorite cigs. More value for the money, good flavor, burns slowly if packed hard, and the size is manly.

Been wanting to try the menthols but can’t find them.
Well he did ask to be more specific. 

I’m in the same boat as him. I use it to add local music, stream from AM, restore iPhone, transfer files from Documents, watch movies and it works fine.
What more do you want 

Camels for days
It’s a $1 for 50GB fam
It’ll even start reading your thoughts.
Yup, it was trash. I only keep it to login to sites and search people sometimes.
The one I listen to is Say You Love Satan 80’s Horror Podcast. Each episode focuses on a film with some random segments. 

They discuss the entire plot (which isn’t as boring as it sounds), throw in trivia, the making of, & play the trailer. You really get a good understanding of each film.

The random segments include what alcoholic drinks they’re drinking, trivia quizzes (loser eats weird stuff), weird medical cases, shitting on trash films, and other random things.

Each ep is fresh, hilarious, and well-edited.
Yup, too many hours spent experimenting with xposed modules, deleting system root files, and customizing the homescreen.

On iOS I actually use my apps more and enjoy all the features.
Fuck it, you’re a paying customer. At least you’re supporting their jobs.
Get them rn, try it for a week, and return them if you think you’d rather wait. I don’t even mind wearing them in public since more people have them now.
Reproduced it by upvoting his, collapsing your 1st comment, then un-collapsing it.
Had the same thoughts, but ended up buying them 2 days ago. They’re already near-perfect and idk what else they can improve on.

I’m guessing it might be like ATV 4K which only has that one big feature (wireless charging in this case). Also, the current ones are already difficult to find, so the new ones will probably be even more so.
Got mines 2 days ago. I kinda want to return them just in case there’s a price drop or sweet new features, but I don’t wanna return to a life w/o AirPods.
[Might be because I’m on the beta, but I don’t see “Follow”.](https://i.imgur.com/4BMcBZl.jpg) 

How does your look like?
Found a workaround: add 1 song/album/etc then when you go to artists it’ll say “See More By...”.

[Example](https://i.imgur.com/nQFktW1.jpg)
Dentist: When was the last time you flossed?

Me: Bro, you were there.
Have you downloaded it yet? Downgraded to 11.2.5 cause it got annoying + the play button wasn’t working.
We’re putting the World Wide Web on lockdown until the issue gets resolved.
So CJ’s not leaving? Thought they were gonna promote Booker.
And you can always find it on any browser.
I think he meant that he’s been on B1 for a while and the speed barely kicked in.
Haha good thing he was from Colorado and not Boston.
Thanks fam
If you happen to live in a Hispanic area, get yourself some menudo and Coke. That’s what my family eats when hungover.

Or make a basic avocado egg sandwich with coffee.
[Read up on this.](https://machinelearning.apple.com/2017/10/01/hey-siri.html) Lots of research, training, and time went into perfecting the “Hey Siri” activation. Apparently, plenty of people were also using the phrase to start their commands before this was a feature.
Thanks for the heads up! I was about to head to the theaters, but I’d rather watch this now haha
I hope Collingsworth betted his house
Disrespect

Fuck him
He’s currently calling for a rematch
SB53 HERE WE COME
How I look like when Taco Bell gets rid of my fav limited time items
2018 is gonna be great w/o Pats advertisement everywhere. 
Where’s Father Time to end this now
It’d be a nice contrast to Manning’s retirement 
Edging to this. Need that Eagles win to nut to
Brady officially retiring tonight
Brady’s crumbling
Brb heading to training camp
MVP’s are getting a lifetime supply of Tide Pods
New wallpaper 
Eagles fucked it up leaving them w/ too much time

Edit: nvm! FYTB!
FUCKING RUN RUN RUN
Gonna vote for Foles fuck it
Might as well call it the Brady Bowl
Thanks for showing the Broncos some love
Might as well call it the Brady Bowl
Our OL will fuck up his psych
Surprised that I haven’t seen an Apple ad
Prove all the NFL conspiracists wrong and get the W, Eagles!
Bet
Where are the Natural Light commercials?
All these car commercials and I still fuck w/ my shitty ‘01 Civic.
Is the Patriots’ comeback going to be a yearly thing now?
I’m waiting for his film, Being Gary Busey
The graphics team did some halftime adjustments too
I don’t even wash my clothes and I want some Tide now
With Kottonmouth Kings doing the anthem
Preparing for that recess time nut 
“The Comeback: Part Dos”
When your Android camera app keeps crashing and won’t load
Where are the refs? They aren’t allowed on the field. /s
Nah, there are 2 different types of SB audiences.

Those who care about the game and those who come for the entertainment (commercials, halftime, & social media participation).
Garth Brooks would be amazing
[My beer is trash](https://i.imgur.com/h0fKgc3.jpg)
Why does it look like an underground club gig
Haven’t heard back from them in a while. They’re probably busy.
I wish, I enjoy those. This Spicy Nacho Doritos, Colby jack/Mozarella cheese, & asada meat
All the chips are glued together, so it’s hard to eat them one by one smh

Thanks for the thought though haha
Thanks fam. You’re surely a connoisseur of great food
Had Step Brothers on my mind
The Patriots dicksucking campaign from earlier today is coming back to bite them
[My nachos are trash](https://i.imgur.com/eDItwlT.jpg)
Desktop site, check the sidebar for edit flair
The Eagles are going to be the top dogs from now on
Didn’t realize there was another one
These automobile commercials are getting so dramatic
And it begins...
Ajayi 😩
Goddamn get rid of those 2003 Madden graphics
Someone’s hogging all the bandwidth 
After last year, I’m trying not to get too excited 
Someone got a link to the Tide commercial?

Edit: [Is this it?](https://youtu.be/doP7xKdGOKs)
He’s soon going to monopolize the industry.

“Dwayne does it all!”
Couldn’t stop thinking about for a while. It was both beautiful and heartbreaking (K lost so much and I wished he was human).
Got a bit of Blade Runner vibes
Came through in Fantasy too. It’s how I learned to appreciate him
Yup all those lines you see in Madden game plans are routes. When they train they practice those routes. Or else they’d be running all over the place and the QB won’t know where the targets at.
I can understand that haha it’s weird watching NK’s parades and whatnot
Dolphins fucked up letting Ajayi go

Fuck it, he’s on a better team now
https://www.google.com/search?q=nfl+routes&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&hl=en-us&client=safari
It had a magnet
Been eating those babies all week and I’m not ashamed about it haha

McDonalds had a $1 any burger mobile coupon so I took advantage
A foreigner living in the US? 

I’m Mexican lol
I fucking love America 🇺🇸
Let’s not steep down to the level of those downvoting ass Pats fans
I’m ready for the shit-posting gold
FYTB

Sup /r/DenverBroncos bros!
FLY EAGLES FLY

Edit: Pats fans already down voting smh
The surface doesn’t touch the phone when you lay it flat.
How many more of these posts are we gonna see this week?
Yeah, just pull out the MP and AMC cards out and they’ll scan it.
Not within the app but just scan your code/card at checkout 
Yeah, it’s sweet! First time I tried it, it just felt right. I’ve got a black aluminum one so it matches my 7’s matte black.
Get inside like at 9:50 for a trivia quiz they host with 3 prizes.

Last night’s answers to 2 questions were: “John Carpenter” & “a dog”
It almost killed my night, but I saw The Green Mile when I got home. Watched The Thing on the silver screen last night so that was cool.

Hopefully you enjoy the film haha

A PopSocket helps with grip issues and scratches on the back. I have 2 Apple cases (leather/silicone) which I use occasionally but always end up removing them.

The feel and cold metal feeling are amazing.
Shows up at the end though. Didn’t realized it was a prequel so got kinda excited about them returning full circle to the 1st film.
Definitely worth the money for even 1-2 films. And you still get Regal/AMC/etc points for rewards.

I was already going weekly to cheap matinee places, but skipped potentially good films. [Now I can care less and found gems like Paddington & 3 Billboards.](https://i.imgur.com/RCdSEJ3.jpg)
Imply sarcasm 
That’s why “/s” exists
Same. Some money came through and I’ve been wanting to re-purchase them after having to return them. 

I’ll prob just put some $ in my savings, so I won’t spend it until Gen 2 details come out.
Good thing I have MoviePass, just walked out of the theater rn. Maybe I should’ve given it a chance, but the jump scares and CGI were too horrible.

Edit: I have no issues with “jumpscare films”. I enjoy Blumhouse films and cheesy campy films from any era, but this was something else. Probably didn’t help that I just came from class & my stomach was churning up some gas.
Thought it was gonna be an evolution type of thing with a narrator.
Is it just me or does the link just lead to an empty search results page?
Or a widget like macOS’
Yup, just use iPhone’s calc landscape view. 
Take it one step further with Pi-Hole and some big hosts lists. It’ll cover every device connected to your network, which comes in handy for guests.
Which is the benefit of Google tracking our search activities. It’s also why Maps and Assistant are superior compared to Apple’s.

Although, I’m not sure what FB does with their data to improve their services & gain an edge.
Redskins guy in the back knows what’s up too
[Before the season vs after](https://i.imgur.com/y7lGj5s.jpg)
Worked with Jimmy & the 49ers. He came in and they went on a 5-game streak defeating both the Jags & Rams.

Even some of our top players respect Kirk and want him to come. He’ll become an instant leader.
It’s officially the off-season
State?
Had a similar meal but with a big ass pastrami burger from The Hat.
Chill and enjoy it. Inhale deep, hold it for a bit, & exhale slowly to feel the effects of the nicotine. 

I’ll usually smoke the whole thing; you get used to the harshness later on. Some cigs will burn my lips towards the end, so I’ll put em out.
Bring on the betas!
Go to your T-Mobile account page and check under Plan>Line>Services.
Free Netflix with 2+ lines on a ONE plan.
OP sounded like an alright guy. Now he’s dead to me.
Someone mentioned above that they licensed it from Apple so they can use it
HomePod sounds more godlike compared to those devices (according to early reviews).

I’m not getting one tho, my soundbar+sw is more than enough.
Change the gestures in settings 
Enable Full Width Swipe Back 
Happens to the best of us. Burnt part of my eyebrows once and used some black makeup to cover it up.
Huh, that’s cool.
Gotta follow the double tap rule
Yup, you don’t have to buy everything at once. So far I’ve got a MBP, iPhone 7, & Apple TV. Fantastic devices that perform like magic together.
Cool, thanks for that. This time it downloaded a smaller file, so hopefully it's 11.3. I'll find out in like 5 mins after it applies.

Edit: I'm on 11.3 now. Definitely on the public profile, since it was released today.
Tried this 3x but it kept staying at 11.2.5. Kinda annoying having to wait for the update process just to be disappointed.

Gonna try it rn again, since this was last night.
That used to be a thing with Google Play Edition devices, but they didn’t sell many.
I remember using apps like Package Disabler Pro in order to get rid of those apps. Sucks that they have no easy way to root.
Xiaomi and OnePlus are definitely not shitty phones. I know OnePlus directly communities with customers in forums and support rooting.

Samsung, on the other hand, make a bunch of phones that go forgotten. They also ignore their premium phones quite quickly. It doesn’t help that their performance/battery life drops quick too (those extra features/apps are a big contributing factor).

If I were to get an Android again, it’d be the OnePlus 5T or Pixel 2.
Used to be an apologist about the whole battery thing, but this experience is amazing. 

My iPhone 7 battery’s capacity is at like 88, so it might’ve been slightly throttled.
I mean sure the fries may taste good, but these are a better value. Cried a bit last night while eating my last 2 lol.
From my experience, the double click action has always been instantaneous since the first iOS 11 beta.
We Need To Talk About Kevin
The delay still exists (iPhone 7)
No, but I definitely see the improvements. This thing flies.
No harm in doing so
It also saves all conversations (including attachments), meaning less storage space usage. They will also be restored when you set up a new device/perform a clean install.

I delete everything weekly, so idrc for it, but I understand why people want it.
Chill. I agree with you, but just let people do what they want. I’m guessing you don’t work for Apple, so you won’t experience the complaints first-hand.
It’s in this beta
Same for Netflix and some other apps. Most times they’re off.
My gas station only accepts mobile coupons smh. $5 off will be like $1-3 for a pack in SoCal.
Can’t wait for Wilson & Watson to become great soon. Their match was fucking fantastic, hopefully Watson returns stronger.
It’s been a while since I did a clean installation. 

Bring on 11.3!
FX has some good shit. If it were another network, then yeah, I’d feel wary.
I loved the 50% off deal they used to have. Took advantage of it one day to try most of the menu, it was amazing.
Sometimes I do smoke more (4-6) on certain occasions, but I make up for it by skipping some days.

I’ll probably smoke way more when cost isn’t a big issue and I have my own place.
Huh, that whole page looks fake. For sure the game was canceled, sucks because we were elite.
What game are you talking about?
Tom Brady wets the tip of the blunt/cig before passing.
Tom Brady steals your parking spot.
Oh...
Tom Brady wears Crocs with socks.
All the fake fans will soon leave (which is everyone), revenue will stop, and they’ll dismantle the entire NE organization.
On the road rn but they’ll play at home soon
Thanks, that’s really cool!
Why does the Fox robot thing wear 34?
It was remote-controlled 
R I G G E D
They still have no backup QB’s right? Goddamn someone should’ve done this 
FYTB
I wanna see trailer parks getting destroyed now
Power Rangers
Same. Titans got an early TD, but we all know how that played out.
Tessio (McDaniels) and Clemenza (Patricia)

And of course Belichick is Vito
Patriots looking very professional out there. It’s like watching The Godfather.
Pats D used to be shit IIRC. They’re great all around now.

Hurts to say that as a Broncos fan
Jags are pretenders
Eh, once the film starts I forget about everyone around me. I still love empty theaters as much the next guy tho. It’s fucking scary when watching horror films alone (morning showings).
I don’t even enjoy weed, but I’ll still watch these types of films. Just “turn your brain off”, sit back, and enjoy. 
Hyped! Saw the first one on a whim a few days ago and ended up loving it. Might hit the theater tonight for 2 if I have time.
Alien Covenant. I dipped halfway into my first viewing because I was expecting more action/horror/whatnot. Returned 2 months later and ended up really liking it.

MP made that possible.
Aren’t the commercials and halftime show enough for you?

This isn’t WWE. It’s an insult to all the hardworking teams.
Jubilee and Katana (Suicide Squad). Katana being a total badass in the film. Are there any Indian superheroes?
Actually forgot about Beetle haha. Don’t watch Arrow, so I didn’t knew who Wild Dog was. And yeah imo Mexicans don’t seem to be phased that much about these type of things. Just like Bollywood, we’re out here doing our own things. 
At least there’s black superheroes on TV. I’m Mexican and our best “heroes” are characters like El Chapulin Colorado, Santo & Blue Demon.

At least there’s Cisco lol. 
Let me go ask all the white bums I see daily what kind of power they have.
Better than missing out on future updates. 
*whoosh*
To further expand on that, it’s the link’s preview which causes the crash. It’s most effective when you get the notification banner.
Is the app switcher faster to get to now? If so, I guess I don’t really mind the delay. But I wonder if it’s possible to have both actions instantaneous.
According to all my research and past experiences, it should be out on 2/29/18.
I wonder if there’ll be any noticeable improvements on iPhone 7 & above. If so, I’ll definitely turn it off since I’ll upgrade my phone anyways. 

Bring on the betas!
Wake up, masturbate, eat, and then I’ll head to the backyard with a coffee or White Russian + a cig. 

Or like today, I’ll head to 7/11, get a hot chocolate, & smoke on the drive back
Sweet freebies have been on the decline imo. Been checking this sub less & less. 
I always get these feelings from capsule cigs like NXT/Crush. Turkish Royals weren’t too bad, but my fav menthols are Newport.
Wides
It was a hallucination. It’s a Westerns thing that’s been done before in High Plains Drifter and Pale Rider.

Roy seeing him too really threw me off though.
That and that fast motions were horrible. It made both shootouts look cheesy af.

Also, the shots inside the barn in the beginning looked weird. Felt like someone was playing with different effects throughout the show.
Have you seen Deadwood? If so, is it more realistic or similar to Godless? 

Also can you recommend shows that are “gritty Western simulators”?
Double checked to make sure it wasn’t the same account haha
That was the guy who shot first
Not sure if you’re finished yet but he thought it’d help with his blindness.
He was tired of their shit. And I think the gang already knew he shouldn’t be messed with. But I wonder why they didn’t shoot him when he showed up in Creede. They let him run away and didn’t start shooting until he was near the canyons/rocks.
The slow-mo and fast-forward parts really bothered me. They felt so out of place and like the director didn’t knew how to shoot action scenes. 

Idk if it’s my TV but there were plenty of stuttery frame drops during the slow-mo scenes. The “fast-forward” motion ruined the Blackdom shooting imo.
Like True Detective and Fargo huh? That’d be great 
[Might as well have been stormtroopers inside that building](https://youtu.be/EFeJUfHu0GM)
But that was more of an afterthought by Bill.
This is the only answer that makes sense. He was repeatedly told that he was dumb and that never changed.
Wait
Only thing I’ve read were the Annihilation: Nova stuff which was awesome.

[Here’s a guide on how to get through the Marvel Cosmic world, which ends with the Annihilators team.](https://forum.sanctuary.fr/uploads/default/original/3X/4/c/4cbb4e212489f72145b23425af3b042cf85ca2cb.jpg)
Tim Cook is also a fan which is pretty sweet 
Yup I never fuck with these types of freebies. Tried a millennium falcon thingie and had to wait 2 weeks (IIRC) to get a refund (shipping). 
Same here, my packs last 2-3 weeks cause I only smoke when I’m driving to school. I think I’m more addicted to the act of smoking, the smell, & just lighting up. 
You guys should check out MoviePass. Not exactly free but $10 a month for 1 film a day is sweet.

Then you can watch this whenever.
Hopefully you got one of each flavor. Although, I wouldn’t mind 64 Salsa Verdes.
I was gonna buy so many chocolatey cakes and Doritos smh.
Why not 10.3.3? It was a beast. Or can it not be jb?
Aww man, didn’t think of this. Could’ve been running a JB 11.1.2 smh.
Where’s the fun in that?
I stop all my work at AM/PM just to download them. If I get fired, at least I’ll still have betas.
You’ll also increase your swimming speed so that’s cool too. And butter yourself up to fit into tight spaces.

Hell, this is starting to become a good idea.
Shave everything and smoke naked. /s

The only parts you have to watch out are hair, hands, & mouth. If you cover them up & wash the scent will still be there but it’ll be weak.
And it tastes sooo good. I make it extra sweet for the ladies cause it’s like wine coolers to them. The chocolate version is great too.
Always wanted to try Chunghwa. You should def do it.
Ed Hardy Edition
A lifetime or 1year thing would be pretty cool. Of course, there’d be limits so you won’t empty out the store.
[Explanation](https://i.imgur.com/bnrai1P.jpg)
“Faster than we expected” smh lol

Edit: code was WASHINGTONEAGLEONE

2nd edit: [All this for a book?](https://i.imgur.com/6YuzryH.jpg) Hopefully the owners share its contents.
Someone figured it out?
May god help us all
Someone call [Nicolas Cage](https://i.imgur.com/2T0J0zB.jpg), please!
666blackholemail666@rocketmail.com
It’s not relevant to OP’s post about his tabs.
Mhm I’ll finally visit the Coliseum whenever the Broncos come to town.

I still watch the Rams at home, which is enough for me. I hate driving around LA and finding parking sucks. Hopefully the new stadium is in a great location.
Can you manually block elements like in AdGuard?
Must’ve been a nice boy or else you would’ve gotten coal aka Raiders merch.
*slowly puts lotion/tissues away*
Wait a tiny bit before doing the 2nd tap
What about using just 1?
I was gonna say “take care of your stuff” but then I remembered I put mines through a lot of shit. So have my siblings and all of ours still work great.
Wouldn’t they show up if he was using them?
[And every other scene](http://www.celebritymoviearchive.com/tour/name.php/4571)
First time I did this (months ago) they told me to print it out. The dealer probably didn’t think I’d return for the free $ haha.
Never even heard of the CO locations. I just found out today their HQ is there. Not sure if you’re overreacting or have some special emotional attachment that I don’t understand.

But like Tucker said, the ones in CA are doing great.
[Link](http://images.unsplash.com/photo-1512850183-6d7990f42385?ixlib=rb-0.3.5&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&s=47d0d9ff39533f4c48e5b6879ee8e88c)
But did it affect you personally? Or are you a stock holder? You’ll still catch me getting strawberry shakes/munchie meals at JIB & asada burritos at Chipotle.
But who’s worthy of being the main QB? That way Musgrave can plan around that person like McVay/Goff. 

Still haven’t given up on Siemian, hopefully he keeps improving. Cousins’ awesome, but I’d rather improve our OL starting w/ RT.
Might be able to intimidate opponents w/ a sweet stomp the yard routine
What’s wrong with it? Tasty fat burritos at decent prices. Also the ones in my area are near BevMo’s.
Has anyone had success with just bringing in their phone? My ink is empty smh.
I got them in less than 1hr before. Just gotta wait.
Disable adblock
You sounded salty too with your 2nd comment. Real niggas ignore the votes. But w/e, traveling to a dealer for $50 is sweet. I can get 3 & pay my phone/internet bills + get some Taco Bell.
Glory days haha. Are ssh blobs still a thing?
I mean if it were easily available then yeah. Currently, one has to hold on to specific iOS versions hoping that a JB is available. The latest JB version is 11.1.2 and there’s no way of downgrading.
Chill, the next update is gonna be good. Get on the beta if you’d like to try it out. They seem to be optimizing stuff now, while the earlier versions were rushed.
One of my best purchases. Used to talk smack about it until I paid for premium and started appreciating it. 
Not saying this is a better option, but you can use any BT headphones. There are some cheap ones that are supposedly really good.
Same, all I have is a usb-c adapter. I also have devices from different companies & everything works fine. Smh @ the people saying you bought the latest devices to make up for the dongles.
But that’s softcore stuff. Wednesday practices are raw & dirty.
Same, Subaru was awful. Went to 2 different ones and they were both negative experiences.
It’ll be censored unless they allow porn
Sideloading is useful for actual developing purposes (Xcode). When they get certificate requests they prob can’t tell what it’s being used for, so these apps get approved. It’s not until later that they find out & revoke them.

At least that’s how I imagine it goes.
I think the latest JB’s for 11.1.2, but it would work. You can also pay for 1yr licenses. Apple’s $99 but AppValley/Tutu/Builds.io have them for $10-15. 

Haven’t tried them, but Builds.io seems to be the best store from what I’ve read.
In that case, try one of the apps I’ve mentioned. The apps last longer, but the devs’ certificates get revoked randomly. It takes a couple of hrs until they fix it.

I know the weekly installation struggle, I’ve got Kodi on my ATV.
I’ll do some google-fu. I’ve got a pretty good memory so it never really happens. 

With AM I’ll save them, since they’re actually organized.
Are you manually installing them every 7 days or using an app like AppValley/TutuApp?
Have you checked out Drive? 15gb free and $2 for 100gb. I think you’ll also get all the functionality you get from DB.
Works fine, but it’s annoying when certificates are revoked. Went back to paying for Spotify because of it. Other than that, I love YT++ & SC++.
All I do is follow artists and listen to the top songs. I can always scroll down for the albums. Makes my library way cleaner.
Hey, you’re the candle person from last time haha. For sure, it’s going to be big. I’m putting my $ on a phone or TB-branded house.

I wonder how people figured out the bill thing so quickly. Maybe there are some insiders. Gonna prepare a table w/ $1 items just in case.
np, you can repay me w/ the hoodie lol
So she works there now and what about your homie?
1 min? Goddamn, the next one’s gonna sell out before it’s even posted.

I got a patch last time and that was like 40mins after I found out about it.
Everything’s listed on the page
Serial code from a $1 bill
All I had were 5’s & 10’s smh. 
It looks clean, huh? Got one for my 7 & retired my leather case. Also got a PopSocket so the back doesn’t touch the surface.

Feels like I have new phone :)
There are 2 BL apps, which one are you using?

One shows 97 and the other 92. Gonna try Coconut in a bit.

Edit: CB’s showing 90.8 w/ 280 cycles. Had it since Feb IIRC.
Well in case he ever finds himself in the States
Yup! You’ve been there?
Same. It’s kinda satisfying and feels “clean”. Plus it’s fun doing it w/ multiple fingers.
The Hatchet series is pretty badass
Try Wides next time if you enjoy these. Those fat cigs are comfortable to smoke.
Wides and Newport
Damn that’s freaking sweet. Thanks for the info.
Ah, that’s pretty neat haha. Has the formula or anything changed since then? If not, it’s cool knowing I’m smoking the same cigs as those dudes.
Thanks! Which one are you using or what’s your fav?
[Yup. The green looks great.](http://www.zigsam.at/l18/B_Cig/CamelWidesMenthol-20fUS2010.jpg)
Yup, IIRC once you import it it starts uploading to iCloud. I may be wrong tho, test it out.

Edit: when you import, a cloud icon should show up, click that & it’ll start the process
Import it to iTunes 
I mean they’re the same as the one he mentioned, right? You get a bit more tobacco, big box, and it feels comfortable.

If only I can find the menthols.
The cig?
[Here’s mine. Small, about 26 pics. Cropped to fit iPhone 7 perfectly.](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lSyaQ2fxLei0lFcKC0k2X9DxDfCcDPbX)
Only real niggas eat the whole pack including the carton.
Damn now I want pizza. Time to bust out change for Little Ceasars.
Camel Wides?
Yup, smoking at Motel 6’s while watching a movie naked and eating pizza is amazing. Also gotta bring in some beers + ice cream.
I don’t mind it as long as tap & drag is an option. My only complaint is that it’s a hit or miss sometimes.
[Currently chatting with support and it looks good so far.](https://i.imgur.com/fPcaDbe.jpg) Thanks to your JOD comment I may not have to wait 10 months haha.
Yeah, that sounds really good. New iPhones come out like every year, huh? I’ll probably do what you did. As for the 7, I’ll probably sell it to a family member for $200.

Thanks for the info.
How about down payments?

I have a 7 that’s like 70% paid off. Can I just show up, trade it in, get a 8+ w/ JOD? I’m assuming I’ll have to pay tax+down payment 
But you have to pay off half the phone, right?
Uploaded to Drive w/ additional WP’s. Not exactly super hi-res but most are higher than the 7’s 750x1334 screen.

/u/SouljaNo 
Rookie HC that Elway may still believe to have potential? Also, who’s available to replace him?

He gave up Wade so he’ll try to get the most out of VJ. Similar with Lynch being a 1st round draft pick that hasn’t paid off but still gets chances. If only we would’ve gotten Shanahan.
I mean at least you saw it, I slept on it for so long haha. The cinematography and directing was an amazing experience.
Searching for “preview screenings”
Does it include any genre?

I saw The Santa Clause 3, Better Watch Out, Casino, & The Godfather.

The latter 2 being amazing 1st time viewings. BWO’s twist was kinda disappointing, since I was expecting some Home Alone vibes. Finished up the TSC trilogy this week while in Vegas. It never disappoints and they’re the best Christmas films imo, especially the 1st one.
Yeah, but the actual OS update still has issues. And if we’re comparing OEM’s, it’s only fair to do Apple/Google.
Looks like a parody film poster. imo they’re cashing in on the hype and releasing a mediocre film.

I’ll hold my final judgement tho until I watch it. Maybe they just have to market it this way to fill the seats.
It’s the same on Android. Big updates are bound to have issues that take extensive beta testing to fix.

Try a clean install in the meanwhile and hop on the beta to help out w/ feedback.
But the Rams are actually good and have plenty of great weapons.
Wait til the next update drops and test it out again. The 11.2.5 betas have been performing great. All the earlier iOS 11 versions were rushed for w/e reason, but now they seem to be optimizing everything.
Big lungs to handle packs of Luckies/NF Camel back to back? 
Damn, that’s cool as shit. I wonder if he hooks up the team with products.
Not if you’re a Broncos fan. I’ll admit Goff has great potential and so does Jimmy. Definitely gonna try to watch some of it during Broncos v Chiefs. The Jaguars win was no easy feat.
Recently tried it for the first time too. They’re good but as for as NF’s go, I enjoyed Camels more. Try those next if you haven’t yet.

Nonetheless, I love the simple design and smell.
Newport Platinum 
https://i.imgur.com/8UT0s6Y.jpg
Like others have said, it’s most likely because of harsh cigs. Personally, I never downgraded to lights and just smoked my Newport’s until I got used to it.

To harden up quicker try NAS Black, NF Camels, or Lucky Strike.

Edit: you may also experience lots of phlegm but that mostly goes away too
Ignore it and keep being me. I’ll even answer they’re questions truthfully. Most of the time they just accept it’s happening. If they keep talking shit & being un-cool I’ll ghost them.

Btw I’m a respectful smoker, so I’ll never blow smoke at them.
The first Newport after smoking non-menthols for a while. Platinums are great too.

Never really liked the crushed bead type because they taste “artificial” and make me feel weird.
Ask someone to smell just to verify
Show them the dangers, images, and let them try some nasty Pall Malls. Kept me off cigs for years until I was 20.
Got back 2 days ago, but yeah it was amazing. Smoking and drinking in public while eating good was a dream come true. 
I actually got my first pack last week haha. Starting to love them tho. Wides & Newport are still my #1 & 2.

And yeah the mug is excellent. Much more flashy in person lol. 
Big ass mug from the Bonanza gift shop near Circus Circus. Had to pop its cherry with a Lucky. Coffee was shit tho.
[10 of my fav WP’s cropped for iPhone 7](https://imgur.com/a/qFhuK/)

Edit: [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lSyaQ2fxLei0lFcKC0k2X9DxDfCcDPbX)
Yes! The candle looked great, especially with its box. 

Gotta try to score all of the other stuff. 

Edit: it says this now “Our lavish inventory of wonders shall soon be replenished”, so maybe they will re-stock?
[All the ones I’ve visited in SoCal are like this.](https://i.imgur.com/DVnIs9T.jpg) The Cantina in Vegas had the grey/purple color scheme, which I didn’t really like.
Damn, only the patch was available. Any chance they’ll re-stock? 

Nonetheless, it truly was only $1 (free shipping). This is why I love TB!
Dude’s probably not even a true Eagles fan
Most likely because of the fluffy eggs. The regular one tastes better tho. Next time ima try CJS on the breakfast one.
The Stacker box/combo price was $6.75 in total w/ CJS in the Stacker.

So it’s about the same maybe a $1 more. The stackers themselves were still $1.

Edit: it’s def not mall prices where they go up to $9-10
Seriously haha. Her dad, brothers, & sister were also there and didn’t do anything. This was in Vegas btw.

One of the brothers was decked out w/ white jeans, white/gold shoes, big watch, & Supreme hoodie.
Me during a porn sesh. 

One day I’ll be able to get through all the tabs instead of coming to the first 2 vids.
It’s near the Cosmopolitan IIRC

Here’s the address: 
3717 Las Vegas Blvd S
Las Vegas, NV 89109
Was at Ross yesterday and this young white girl told her mom “fuck off, momma” cause she couldn’t get extra shirts.

Bitch was like around 10 and the mom gave in.
Y’all got it good, I got BOD.
Wish you didn’t tell me about the night part, I’ve already left Vegas smh haha.
Fuck the rings, I’d rather live comfortably if I ever have to leave the NFL.

That’s money he can use towards his family, retirement, and necessities. Or a yacht with a champagne fountain if he feels like it.

Edit: lil bitch delete his shit lol
What /u/Theblandyman said. Vegas, baby!
I wonder if the box design has anything to do with it. Like it saying Platinum. Or people just really like them.

Either way, they’re pretty good but I still go for the OG.
Walking down the strip, smoking a Lucky, drinking a PBR, & listening to the Christmas music was pretty magical. 
Mr money bags over here haha I’m out here sipping mouth wash 
Those cartel members sure like to send memes all day
[My name is Fabio, your man as of now.](https://peopledotcom.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/steve-carell-1-435.jpg?w=435)
My Stacker combo came out pristine. Ate it before I got to take a pic of it tho. Probably my fav feature was the smooth, slow ice machine.

Also they had plenty of breakfast sauce easily available. 
Stuck shopping in The Strip, have we put up any fight? Wtf happened 
Gotta try the Riviera then next time. And we actually just got back from Fremont, it was great!
Both. We’ve got a thing for CC. People hate on it, but it’s pretty good haha.
Even iOS 10 had some issues. But each update improved it and 10.3.3 was a beast. iOS 11 is no different, the latest beta has been great so watch out for 11.2.5.

Also, it’s not their fault that you expect so much from them. They are human beings after all.
The same reason people enjoy bad things happening to celebs/rich people. 

There’s already plenty of people saying they’re going to switch to Android, but I’m pretty sure they won’t.
[Give this a shot.](https://discussions.apple.com/thread/5720421) I’m gonna try it later just for that peace of mind.
Yup, these recent betas have been amazing. The public release should make everyone hate iOS 11 less. 

Also with the whole battery fiasco I wonder what they’ll do with the future betas.
And that’s my 2nd point. It’s been out since August, right? And will it get future O updates or just 8.0?
The S7 came out last year and it already feels obsolete. So I need to get an 8.0 device just to get these supposedly guaranteed updates? 

It gets even worse with carrier-locked phones which take forever to update. Sure, I can buy unlocked, but I’m too cheap for that. Even then, there’s not that many good options.
I mean at least Apple fights for out privacy and keeps iPhones secured longer than most Android phones.

Also, I don’t have to rely on ROM’s to stay up to date. Like every phone goes to shit faster than I’ll ever experience Apple’s throttling.
Mobile, right? I don’t see extensions anywhere.

Edit: might be because I’m on iOS 
The Crunchy/Spicy Cheesy Core Burrito always goes unmentioned. I loved that damn thing.
Good thing I’m blind. I’m probably a thin boi.
When it starts getting messy I engulf the whole thing. Flavor paradise for those couple of seconds.
Got 3 and a happy hour drink for $4.37. Saved some money, got filled, and enjoyed a shitload of cheese.
“When your morning/day is hell, just go to Taco Bell.”
They were amazing extra-extra grilled w/ sour cream & CJS. 

It’s a tough decision tho.
 ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ YOU CAME TO THE WRONG DONGERHOOD ༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º༼ ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽ºل͟º ༽
Gotta check out the shady cigarette shops. This was from a tiny drive-thru thing w/ a guy surrounded by all kinds of cigs. Felt adventurous yesterday so I finally checked it out.
Ooh this song was hot. But now I’m hungry smh
OP mentioned he searched his bank statements so you try that.
I get it from Del Taco too every visit. It is kinda awkward, but I do agree that it’s a standard thing.

Probably the best answer imo is “good, thanks for asking. I’d like a ....” or get straight to the point haha
Yup, hasn’t been too bad with mobile coupons. I get my Wides for around $6.

Btw have you been to Vegas recently? Heading there this weekend & wondering if there’s any good pickups/deals.
Alright, sweet, I appreciate your info and help fam. Hopefully, these become my new fav.
https://i.imgur.com/TKXYZfm.jpg

I know UF Camels and NAS Black are like $11-12, so it’s a good price huh? Might have to check other shops to see if they’re lower. The Wides & Newports here were a tiny bit more than the gas station I go to.
Also, how do I check if they’re fresh and whatnot? Got them from a drive thru smoke shop in West Covina.

Gonna wait til tomorrow morning to smoke one w/ a 711 danish & hot chocolate (:
Dumbass, fuck off. These dudes gave you all the info you need and you whine about it.
Official app. It’s clean, runs smooth, and you get all the features.
https://pi-hole.net

You set it up on a Linux device and it’ll capture ads before it reaches your devices.
Been using Wilson and it’s not that bad. Can’t wait for the extra community icons.
Nah, it doesn’t really have any settings. You just turn it on & that’s it. I also have Pi-Hole set up, but it only blocks regular apps.
Get Adblock Mobile to block all those ads
Yup just get rid of those and make the eyes circular/dots. I think he said he’ll soon add more community-made icons, so there’s that.
Yeah, sure. It’ll take a bit since I was in the mood back then haha. 

I can start you off with Lights Out, Shutter (both versions are good), As Above So Below, The Pyramid, & Inner Demons.

Last 3 are found footage films (Pyramid has some FF elements). These are films that most people will consider bad, but they get the job done when watched alone in the dark/early morning w/ time to spare.
Wides
I’m not sure about that one either but yeah this new one is too “busy”. 
Neptune from the same repo works great too. Got a shitload 1080p streams (Baby Driver) where I would only get 1-4 anywhere else.
/u/zwxq 

You guys gotta try the latest betas, they’re great.
Do you have any other profiles or trust certificates from 3rd party apps? Maybe they’re messing w/ your phone.
Wtf, that’s stupid. Thanks for this informational bit. I’m starting to see why Plummer should’ve been more respected.
Even if they taste like shit, I’d buy $10 worth.
ELI5 on the Tillman thing?
Yup, don’t know why more people utilize ad-blockers. They can always whitelist sites they want to support.
I’m also part of the beta. Most likely the subs need to enable it. What sub does it work in? /r/DenverBroncos is where I go for live discussions. 

We’ll have to see what /u/iamthatis says.
Damn, this sounds amazing for NFL live game threads. Does the sub need to implement it or has it recently been added to the official app?

Never experienced it when using the official app like a month ago nor the website.
Never used Yahoo so I can’t help you out with that. I wonder if Yahoo is causing the issue or the mail app. Either way, your best bet is to use their app.

Edit: or migrate to iCloud. There’s 2 ways: update your accounts to use iCloud or [forward your emails.](https://www.lifewire.com/forward-yahoo-mail-to-another-address-1174481) It’ll be more reliable and you’ll be able to fully utilize iCloud mail’s service.
Bugs vary between devices. I don’t text much, but from my experience Messages has been fine (7). 
iCloud or which service?
That slim fast special
Praying that it just keeps getting better. Best beta in a long time.
You sound like you’re a stock holder. Exactly, how much money have you “thrown” at him?

I def got my money’s worth & it’s lasted way longer than the Big Box I would’ve bought otherwise.
If you’re really worried about your health, then quit. Pick up vaping, weed, or w/e. Some people get impacted just from second hand smoking. 

Might as well enjoy your cigs fully if you plan to keep going. You can catch me on my death bed enjoying UF Camels.
Start with w/e sounds good to you. Then keep venturing & form your own palette.

I started w/ Newports, since menthols sounded cool. Now my top favs are NP, UF Camel, Wides, & NXT’s (my budget pack).
Why didn’t you just mention that in the first place... but hey, you think we’re all mind readers
Hmm well this was surprising info 
FYI the same team behind AB is working on the official app.
Happens to me too but like around 50-70%. 