Ah ok
Those numbers weren’t from a tournament no? That was when he streamed with Drake, who also tweeted it. The most popular streamer in the most popular watched game atm plus Drake tweeting it out and joining is gonna do that. I haven’t heard about the numbers for the tournamnet though.
Yep, besides choosing heroes with abilities on cool downs, their is very little similarity. I also think scaling up as time goes by as well as side objectives are also hallmarks of the genre, which Overwatch also does not share. People point to shields and healers but healers exist in other fps games and I don’t think shields are very prominent in MOBAs anyways.
He can work well against tanks and put damage from range, that’s what makes him valuable, though Junkrat is better now
Fun fact, following Soldier’s damage buff, he became [the most popular ](https://www.overbuff.com/blog/2016-12-20-overwatch-hero-meta-report-tanks-for-watching)dps during triple tank.

Who knew that having high damage from range works well against tanks who do most of their damage up close. Though we now have a stronger Junkrat.
Back when triple tank was meta, Soldier was one of the only dps you can play. And that was against stronger tanks. He can lay down fire safely from tanks optimal range. But now we have Junk.

Edit: [Sure downvote me](https://www.overbuff.com/blog/2016-12-20-overwatch-hero-meta-report-tanks-for-watching), but following his damage buff, Soldier was he most popular dps against tanks back then.
Yes Junk has gotten huge buffs. Soldier’s nerf (20 damage per bullet to 19) rarely affected his usage, his pickrate remained high well after the fall of triple tank (actually, I think it rose), used a lot in triple dps dive , fell a bit after Winston/DVA dive but made a resurgence during Apex Season 4 in five. His pick rate fell following Mercy’s rework and the rise of both Genji and Widowmaker.

I said in a later comment that triple tank today (if it does make a resurgence, which we have yet seen) would be very different than it was almost two years ago.
Yeah, I should of added that if triple/quad tank does make a resurgence, it’s gonna be very different than the one in the past. The tanks are different, we have Moira, Bridgette and a new Mercy along with a weaker Ana, Junkrat is no longer trash tier (they also buffed his ultimate by a lot), Sombra is different, etc etc.
If we are talking about the pro scene, IIRC during the quad/triple tank meta, Soldier or Tracer were by far the most popular dps, every other one saw little play, though this is after Soldiers damage buff. 
Everyone mentions widow but I think it’s more because of Zenyatta. She’s the best healer duo for him, she can pocket him and help him survive dive, having to fight a damage boosted Zen that discorded you is difficult, and even if you killed him she can bring him back. Lucio cannot peel as good as she can for Zen. She has a higher pickrate than Widow, Zenyatta is more likely why she’s picked.
Don’t ask Blizzard, ask Amazon, blizzard uses their servers.

As another comment stated, Amazon is expanding to Bahrain, probably to cover the Middle East
Yeah but Monica testing was already in PTR. These numbers for Symmetra rework is in an earlier stage of development.
I doubt Symmetra is gonna change Reinhardts viability as much as you are saying. It’s not just mobility, he also needs sustain. Hog and Orisa have a lot of survivability when dive, not just pulling people off high ground. As well as synergies well with high burst damage heroes like Junk, McCree, Widow.  Anti-dive has a lot of burst, cc and tanks with sustain.

Gaining high ground and contesting it is not the only advantage Dive has over deathball. It’s the fact that they can engage and disengage much better, they contest and stagger in much better, they have burst damage to kill anyone that steps out of position, and are great at peeling. Winston can isolate healers in a way Rein never can, DVA can shut down a bunch of ultimates with her dm, Genji’s ult can wipe teams and charges quickly, etc etc. 

If Symmetra somehow becomes meta would the changes that they had let out, I don’t see how it wouldn’t benefit Dive more, cause all I’m seeing is now Dive characters can get up there without using their cool downs and maybe bring along Zen. 

Kinda reminds me when they reworked Lucio, people wondered if he would be better for deathball and make Rein rise a bit at least (since you had to stay together), nope just means he can participate in the dive more or peel for Zen. Fast dive > dive.
He said it at the moment it now does not pass through shields
It’s far from finished, he said the rework is still going through heavy revisions, and if it’s at that point I see nothing wrong with testing something that is overtuned.
Fortnite BR has a significantly larger player base than STW, overlap is tiny, and br can survive without it.
People in general don’t understand how important it is to keep your mental state healthy. First not everyone’s the same, just because the other teammates didn’t take breaks (and I don’t know what the fuck the guy above is saying, several members of Dallas have not played for long periods of time, Taimou, Cocco, Chips , etc), doesn’t mean EFFECT doesn’t need a break. You don’t tell someone with a broken arm to walk it off or someone with an injured wrist to just keep playing, just like how you don’t tell someone with depression to just be happy and smile, and someone with stress to just deal with it.


But sure, tell Effect to go fuck himself for going home and relieving some of the stress just so you can watch him play from your coach at home. Only pathetic thing here is that fucking comment and the fact it’s so highly upvoted.
Unbelievable that this shit is getting upvoted. We still have so much to go when treating mental illnesses. 

Imagine someone posting a comment like this about Birdring’s wrist “Fucking pathetic that Birdring doesn’t play with his broken wrist and let down Spitfire despite clearly needing him, just heal your wrist and play”.

Fucking unbelievable.
Yep. Modern society still doesn’t treat mental health issues like they do physical ones, but they need to be addressed. Imagine this comment being made for Birdring who injured his wrists “Absolutely pathetic that Birdring got his wrist injured and not playing for his clearly slumping team. Shame him.” Imagine if Spitfire didn’t let Birdring at least rest his hand and play him, eventually he’s just going to stop and rest. Same shit with mental health. If Fuel ain’t giving him a real phycologist or someone to help him he’s gotta leave and take a rest. Mental issues is a serious issue and fuck people shaming him to heal it just so their favorite team to continue playing. You can’t just tell a depressed person to “just be happy”, you can’t just tell someone with a shit ton of stress “to suck it up”, and you don’t tell someone with a broken leg to “suck it up”.

Saying it’s rare in other sports when 1) It actually does happens in other sports and 2) Other Leagues have a better infrastructure to deal with this, Overwatch League is young 

We look back 100 years and are shocked at how bad we treat mental health issues but we still got some work to do.
It’s a male, it’s himself. He once cosplayed as DVA after losing a bet and appeared live in the OWL.
There was an attempt
Sorry for the late reply but I understand what you are saying now. Yeah they came in with reasonably high expectations and it was based on on what we had on the team at the time.
So silent for Spitfire.
GC Busan was the strongest Korean team before OWL, winning APAC and Apex. 

We don’t know how Element Mystic will fair in the OWL. And there are stronger Korean teams to no?
He undercounted, he does his counting based on roles not actual characters plus he has it set to standard 2-2-2 so triple tank/support/ dps etc isn’t being counted so the number should be higher.
Brigette is so much worse, it’s much easier to burst down Moira. Sure her random balls catching you at 2hp out of nowhere is annoying. But at least you can duel her, Bridgette has a shield, stun and heals her self.
Mental health is still not taken seriously in modern society. Telling someone to brush off mental health issues is like telling someone with a broken leg to just walk it off.
You know there’s more than 12 tracers in the league right?
There was a post here complaining about Sombra meta... before it even got out of PTR, like a week into it. Like geez, maybe give it some time?
Whenever a new character comes in, the meta is changed up a bit. We need to wait a bit for things to settle down.
Ultimately this has to do with Mercy and her rework.

During Apex, the two most valuable healers were Lucio/Zen. They did switch out Zen for Ana, and put in Mercy, but that rarely happened, especially among the top tier teams. Lucio was the best pealer, there was no Moira and Mercy was an ult bot and basically only played when Pharah was. As such most teams had a dedicated Lucio player with their Zen switching to other healers the few times they needed to.

Lucio was important I guess because dive was much, much more dominant back then. His boop disrupted dive a lot, he was a great peeler and his ultimate was better than Mercy’s old ult.

Then mercy’s rework came through, and she became much stronger than Lucio ever was (her original rework when it was released was probably the most broken hero Blizzard made tbh) and the meta shifted to Mercy + Zen. Why even peel when you can bring them back up when they die? Mercy healing is stronger so you don’t need to push the Winston away if he can’t outdamage the healing. Etc, etc. 

Also NYXL showed complete and utter dominance with their strat revolving around Jjonak’s Zenyatta, and according to Monte and Huk, teams want to emulate that.

People learn over time and people did not properly utilize Zen in the past but are quickly learning how strong he really is. People like Jjonak and Bdosin among other Zen’s in the league are pushing him to his limit 
Hulk left well before Contenders, and they did wing Apex, dva patch came through and they happened to sign Mickie. Apex season 1 was still a great achievement but it was two years ago. 

When Kyky joined, he was surprised on how little they practiced. Essentially, they didn’t really make strats, they just went in an won by pure skill. But as time went on, teams got stronger.

EnvyUs was not a top team at APEX, they got lucky on the groups. Rogue got the group of death, they were placed with KDP and LH. When EnvyUs finally got through the mid-tier teams (barely) they faced KDP and got absolutely smashed. Then they faced Afreeca Free Blues and got smashed again.

And why do people still bring up fucking Contenders. It was impressive at the moment but in hindsight none of the teams were as strong as the top tier APEX teams and these Apex teams are weaker than the OWL teams we have now. EnvyUs dominated a Rogue playing from Canada on shit Internet, an Immortals in a big slump and preparing for OWL, and unsponsored teams. Their strongest competition was FaZe Clan. 

Now yeah, we didn’t know that Fuel was going to be this weak, but people were placing Fuel above Korean teams despite them not defeating a Korean team in over a year. 
Don’t forget when he called his viewers the n-word with a hard r.
Lucio was Zenyatta’s healer pair for a long time pre-OWL, I don’t recall that they ever competed for the same spot even in OWL. Lucio’s pickrate was affected much more by Mercy than Zenyatta.
Yeah, Zenyatta and Lucio never competed for the same role. People are already forgetting the Lucio Zen was the meta during Apex seasons 3 and 4, and Mercy was the one to displace his pickrate. I don’t know why people are being up Zen so much in this thread.
Why are people talking about Zenyatta when Lucio competed with Mercy for the spot. Pre-OWL it was Zen + Lucio.

Mercy simply has stronger heals, and Rez is still good, she can keep up Zen better than Lucio and even if he dies, Mercy brings him back up.
She filled for Malik
Ah ok. And yeah, Gesture + Profit dive was something they did since Apex, though Soldier is not as viable as he was in the past.

And yeah, teams need a good widow, I do know that Birdring is in a bit of a slump now so Hooreg is seeing more play time.
Dive was a bit different back then. Dva was a peel god, Mercy was much less prevalent(Lucio+Zen), and Genji had his usage decreasing. GC Busan relied on Gesture and Profit to collapse on the supports of the enemy. Soldier was in the back with the supports and DVA was the middle man. 

A couple of significant differences.
I haven’t watch London’s games recently, they run a lot of Soldier now? I know Hooreg was known for his Soldier pre-OWL, but I didn’t know they are running Soldier more.
Houston is doing better, Jake had to grind Tracer to become passable, stage 2 was when it became apparent that they don’t have a strong Tracer. Tracer is important enough for them to have Jake grind it.


And not having a Tracer is not going to be the only problem that Dallas is going to face
Ah ok no problem. If any more information comes out, it will most likely be released months for now, assuming he did have charges pressed against him.
I told you he explicitly asked for the nudes in the comment before.
Yeah 2B’s clothes is ridiculous.

But the camera avoids going under her skirt, you have to actually move it under. Few times it does go under but it’s few, and even when you move it under it it swerves away (2B pushes it away). At least that’s what I remember from playing it awhile back.
Except the dms has DK explicitly approach both girls (he initiated conversation with both) and talked in a sexual manner to both and asked for both to send him pics. They posted a picture of him with context, specifically asking for them to send nudes. That’s why the second girl went to a journalist, to try to give some more credibility to their story. There is some information and evidence we can never see, such as the pics themselves or the account that he FaceTimed the 14 year girl, masturbating. That’s for the police to confirm.

And what’s up with this “underage girls sending nudes to people they don’t like, claiming they were coerced, and then pressing charge”? I just told you that shit doesn’t work, they will get no where and the police will look at them instead. The prosecuted will make it out and the girls family would of ended up spending a lot of money for the lawyers and the accused can them attempt to sue them for defamation and money for damages. The girls already released a lot of the evidence to damning for DK and you are making speculation based on nothing since the evidence we do have does not show what you are suggesting in the slightest. Blizzard and Boston already launched an internal investigation and terminated his contract, that’s not a good sign.
Considering a majority of people see as that way, it is most certainly easy. And this is the public’s eye, DK is not coming out unscathed at all and a prosecutor can easily make that argument in courts. The US is very very strict on CP and underage sex crimes.
Yes DK explicitly asked for the nudes. More specifically, he bought her tickets so she can come visit him in California but she couldn’t go (she felt uneasy, though out of guilt of making him waste his money asked her parents and they told her no). He then told her since he made him spent the money on the tickets she “owed him” pics of herself, coercing her to send him picks of herself without a bra, etc etc.

This can easily be argued as him manipulating an underage person into sending him cp, it will be unlikely that the police will charge the girl with anything as she will be viewed as a victim in this situation.
https://heavy.com/games/2018/04/dreamkazper-has-a-second-alleged-victim-16-years-old-exclusive/


Unlike the first one, who posted her story and dms on twitter, the second opted to go to a journalist to reveals her story after talking with sleepy’s girlfriend.
And nothing will come out of it, that’s why trials and investigations exists. Once the investigation is over, the police will see that the receiver had no intent on receiving the pics and the girl herself (depending on the age) could receive charges because sending cp is illegal too.
I don’t think it’s even up to the parents. Since the crime was across state borders and it is dealing with an underage person, a district attorney can pursue the case against DK. They do take in whether the parents/girl want to press charges, but ultimately once the police and district attorney gets involved, it’s no longer up to the parents. It’s a train that will not stop.
I thought he said they gave up on the streamer house thing
Don’t forget about T1z1
More teams are coming in OWL next season, I highly doubt teams are going to make massive changes when a bunch of OWL teams are making progress worth their rosters.

And people said the exact same thing pre-OWL, where KDP/GC Busan and Lunatic Hai will completely dominate because they dominated APEX. 
Well, it is playoffs for Contenders Korea vs regular stage OWL, and the fact that OWL regular stage can keep up with the playoffs in terms in hype is impressive. But atm Korea Contenders has more on the line as I said it’s playoffs, OWL playoffs is going to take the hype to the next level (and I mean season playoffs not stage playoffs).


Edit: I’m also going to be that guy and say that there is a lot of KR bias in this thread. To the point people are saying that KR Contenders are more talented than OWL. It is definitely the highest talent outside it but we have no idea how they will fair in a 40 match long regular season against teams that has just as much resources than them. This sub said the exact same things about LH and GC Busan pre-OWL and see how they are fairing.

But it is true that a lot of talent will go to OWL. And someone better fucking pick up Runaway.
Half the roster that did their famous Apex Season 2 run are gone, but the team is still as lovable as ever. But at kinda late for the team not to be split up BibleThump 
You are right. Seoul can still make playoffs and have potential. Dallas Fuel is out

Watching Dallas Fuel power rankings during stage 1 going from 3rd highest team to 10th was very disappointing.
Envy has one Apex to their name but that was a long time ago with very different meta and weaker teams.

And I’m talking about predictions pre-OWL, the expectations for Dallas was high, to be Third-fourth, with Seoul and London fighting for 1st and NY and NYXL fighting for Third. But hindsight’s a bitch.
Everyone expected Seoul to be in the position NYXL is now, and Dallas to at least be in the position Seoul is now. But instead Seoul is in third place with other teams hot on their tail while Dallas is on the bottom. Can’t really say whose worse but I’ll say Dallas is a bigger disappointment.
Except Blizzard has an excellent track record with interacting with fans, they constantly introduce new events, cosmetics and maps, as well as communicating with both the competitive scene and the casual scene. Both are big, and as I have been telling you, the causal side is still a large and the majority. Trying to appease both is difficult, if not impossible. Just look at how the Mercy nerfs were perceived on both sides, like I said the competitive side didn’t think they were enough while the causal side thought they were too much.

Fortnite is an early access game with all of Epic’s eggs in that basket (they still have the money they make from unreal engine though and it’s a lot). They will constantly update it as a result.

Not saying Overwatch is perfect in how they balance the game, but comparing to Fortnite BR is not helpful due to the massive differences in the games and the philosophies when it comes to designing for them, and their audience.
Then why are you comparing them? Overwatch has a pretty big chasm between the competitive and casual side, where the casual side is larger but the competitive side is still a sizable portion and growing. Fortnite is nothing like that. None of the examples you showed from Fortnite were on the scale of balancing a competitive FPS, I don’t see what you are trying to bring up.

And the reason I brought up them canceling other games is because EPIC has a large team (all other teams were essentially relocated to work on Fortnite Br) working on an early access game where they can get away with lots of changes. 
People forget or just don’t know that Epic killed all their other games to maximize their focus on Fortnite BR. Even Fortnite PvE has been seen minimum updates.
They are vastly different games and companies. Epic has a highly modular map (one large map), one game mode (their events are always variations of the same mode, mostly just changing the size of the teams or limit the weapons you have, they are nothing like the events Overwatch has), the game is still in early access so that gives them a lot of more room to experiment vs a fully priced game, they basically add weapons and see what sticks, Overwatch does not and cannot do that with heroes, it’s a more casual game than Overwatch (who keep in mind has a large causal base) and their esport scene is smaller compared to OW. Balancing a battle royal is much easier than balancing a game like Overwatch where teamwork is much, much more important, and interactions between heroes is difficult to balance. Changing how fast guns swap is much easier change than seeing how to nerf dive characters without making them irrelevant or buffing none dive without making them too strong, etc etc. You can’t just remove a hero like they can take out the guided missile, making a hero is more complex than a weapon.


Also, Fortnite Battle Royal is essentially the only game Epic balances, every other game they run is either cancelled or receives no updates.

You are also underestimating how large the casual audience for Overwatch is. I mean look at the size of r/Overwatch, who is slowly growing an interest in Esports but to a minimum and has a million suns. The forums hate the esport scene. Just see how the community reacted to Mercy being nerfed. Even though the competitive side hated her and saw how strong the character was, the casual side was much, much more hesitant (and some still think she was overnerfed).
There’s so many threads like this back then. Hindsight’s a bitch but Huk knew what he was doing.
That bomb may had the potential to save the game for London, fuck that’s gotta hurt for him, he was playing phenomenal all game.
THATS GOTTA HURT FOR PROFIT
People spinning like crazy isn’t unique to Geguri.
Soldier into a Widow is suicide.
People got pissed at him during the Rascal release, because he called Rascal out. Personally I found it tame, it was mostly Winz’s comment that was out of line. And I’m pretty sure both Rascal and AKM don’t hate each other, Rascal posted pictures of AKM alongside other players of DF eating together.

It’s just that Dallas Fuel aren’t using AKM properly, forcing him on Genji despite publicly saying his Genji is bad. His McCree is fine, we haven’t seen his Tracer but hey have Effect, his widow is fine, his Pharah is meh, while his Sombra and Genji are bad.
This is a quickplay match around the time the game came out, when the game didn’t even have competitive yet.
https://twitter.com/geguri2/status/986113628351873024?s=21

https://twitter.com/geguri2/status/986034647329992704?s=21

Says shes learning from watching xQc and she duos with him. It’s too late.
[Kneel before her](https://i.imgur.com/B8OCmJm.jpg)
https://i.imgur.com/B8OCmJm.jpg

Maybe she’s spending too much time watching xQc.
Fl0w3r was flashier, especially since he was their overall dps flex, while SBB was basically only played Tracer. Fl0w3r was playing everything, but SBB very consistent, almost never dieing.
Honestly he’s Tracer is improving. Sure he’s not Stiker or Saebyeolbe, but his Tracer is so much better than it was in Stage 1 and 2.
People thought Lunatic Hai or Rogue were going to win the whole thing, not just a top Korean team, Western teams were on par with Korean teams at the time, the dynamic was very different at the time then even Apex season 2.

And it was a great achievement and fear, but one needs to acknowledge that the DVA meta + Mickie pick up helped them a lot.
Have you used an Android recently? Because that’s not how it works. Android groups then together by app and allows you to expand them, allowing you to view each email/message independently.

https://i.imgur.com/u2bxdYl.jpg

This allows the notification shade to be cleaner. Grouped notifications allows you to browse each message independently but also makes the shade cleaner.

Android’s implementations is superior to Apple’s, if Apple puts in grouped notifications that will be great.
Every xQc post he simply comments “Asshole”. No point in trying to argue with him.
I don’t think Rascal would of done a better job tbh, sounds like trying to be assertive got him out of the team. Kyky went in twitter and said that complacency did kick in and he said he wanted “to be more strict in terms of getting players in shape” but the higher ups said no.

Which falls in line with what xQc said. Team got complacent and that type of culture in a team would get them no where. Just by pure skill they are able to take maps, but sounds like they need to try even harder. Kyky wasn’t strict enough or pushed hard enough, Dallas needs a coach that will do that.
Pretty sure he was joking and the comment was not serious.
Someone somehow got to play as the assault tank guy from the new pve, who has a shit ton of health. I have no idea how they did this.
Didn’t stop people from saying it was proof of toxicity. Though it did shed some light on part of why he was released.
The worst part of this is when someone makes this situation about race (nationality). No people didn’t criticize you for talking about a Korean player, they are criticizing you because you have just as much knowledge on his time on LS as we do. It has nothing to do with him being Korean.
That’s why I put it in quotation marks, the dude speaks 80% in emotes, though I think he made his point on baby raging clear.
The thing is that Winz’s twitter comment was super aggressive. Making assumptions on how he was on another team that neither he or his brother was on. AKMs comments on Rascal being released were tame compared to Winz. Saying he’s a master at public manipulation when Rascal didn’t say shit on the situation.
His frustration may have been more extreme behind the scenes, but Dallas Fuel management also has blame too. Custa and Seagull (through Harbleu) said they weren’t surprised that he was released, but never called him toxic. Dallas Fuel released a PR statement that said he wasn’t committed to the team and unwilling to communicate, but it’s ultimately a vague statement.

Then comes AKMs, and far worse, Winz’s statement. They both called him toxic, but holy shits Winz’s twitter comment was so unnecessarily aggressive. Making assumptions on not only his time in Fuel but also his time in London Spitfire. Saying he’s incompatible to work with on any team.

People like to point at xQc say that he called Rascal toxic, but he spilled even more info, saying both Effect and Rascal “babyrage” a lot, but it’s so things can get done and he wished they did more. He describes Dallas Fuel as a shit show. 

Welp, what’s done is done. As a fan, I really, really hope Dallas can pull themselves together. Kinda been saying this for three stages but I feel they might be able to. I hope Rascal finds success and all the members of Fuel too.
Kyky’s comment on having to coach big egos was before Rascal joined the team, you know that right?
Maybe because he was part of the team longer than Rascal? Of course we don’t know the specifics behind the scenes, but Effect being on the team for much longer than Rascal, pre-OWL and seen as the strongest and more consistent member of the team pre-OWL and now in OWL seems to be a possible reason.
So xQc leaked more info, where he said both Rascal and Effect “babyraged”, because it was the only way shit got done, so Kyky can move a plan forward. And he said he wished they did it more.

If I have to guess on his info, Effect didn’t get kicked because he was in the team far longer. But who really knows, let’s see what Rascal has to say.
From what I heard like 4chan but worse, very far right Korean website.
Yeah, the Android scene has been overwhelmingly negative to introduction of notches, especially when they are designed very similarly to Apple’s.

For me, it makes sense for Apple, they made it for functional and design reasons. Essential phone tried to minimize it as much as possible to maximize screen real estate. But a lot of Android phones are designing notches just for the hell of it.

Are we actually drawing up a straw man here?
r/Android’s reception with notches has been overwhelmingly negative, in general the Android community does not know why Android phones are copying Apple, it’s been negative.
She’s duoing with him right now lmao.
Pretty sure this goes to Pharah ult that has Mercy applying boost, Nanoboost, and Orisa Bongo. 

Pharah’s ult without outputs 1200 dps per second, highest burst by anyone without any buffs, if every rocket hits (40 damage per rocket, 30 rockets per second). Someone else can do the math for the total including buffs cause I’m too lazy and don’t know how the buffs stack.

Apply discord to the victim too to give the biggest fuck you possible.

If you want without ults, pretty sure you have to apply the same buffs to Bastion’s turret mode.
They said the same thing for Fusion but for some reason saying it for Boston is more controversial? I don’t think he’s trying to downplay Boston, they probably just did not expect that Boston was that strong and chose the wrong team to under prepare for. He didn’t say they came in looking for a loss.
I made this comment hours ago, and it was before Custa and Harbleu (through Seagull) said that they weren’t surprised that Rascal was dropped (though neither were as harsh as Winz).

Though about xQc, he was not shy in the last month saying something’s about his former teammates. He has said, though he believes that they are good people, if he was GM or coach, he would want almost everyone dropped, Cocco, Taimou, Mickie, etc, and only keep a few and rebuild the team from scratch. He reiterated that two days ago saying he wasn’t joking, he said if Dallas really wants to win then they have to drop most of the Envy players. He went into detail in how comms in general were a complete shit show.
Well we finally got to see Custa’s comments on the situation. Let’s see what Hastro has to say tomorrrow, if he has anything to say.
He also said that comms were generally a shit show, and there were times when everyone in the team was tilted. The way he described his time at Fuel didn’t sound positive. From no game plans, to arguing in chat to repeatedly try strats that don’t work and running into a wall.
I agree. But I think there’s a clear difference between being frustrated vs being full on toxic. 

Winz is super aggressive here, far more than AKM, and is really offputting since his tweet simply refers too the fact he was transferred from LS to DF then released, and uses that as concrete proof that the guy is toxic to the point that no one can work with him. It’s like Winz is going for Rascal’s throat.

I do wanna see why Rascal and Hastro have to say, and if more details comes out. 
I feel like this is closer to what happened. There’s a clear difference between this and being straight up toxic. Not saying that it means that Fuel shouldn’t have released him, maybe it was the best decision for both. But the way AKM and his brother describes Rascal sounds like they are going for his career.
I want to see what Hastro and Rascal both have to say. I have a feeling it was just that the environment in Fuel in general is just not healthy, xQc described it as a total shit show. And I don’t really care about this Koren/western thing, if the same thing came out for someone like Custa or Chips, as in no one ever called them toxic for two years until now, then yeah people will find it hard to believe.
Or maybe it’s the fact the he has never played with the guy and realize he was in no position to make such a blanket statement (everyone in OWL knows he’s toxic). Or are we supposed to believe people that never played with him over his former teammates? Right now we have no fucking idea whether or not he’s toxic. For me the evidence favors that’s he’s not because for the past year and a half something like this never came up. He’s still on good terms with LS players. Maybe Hastro will shed some light or Rascal himself.
xQc did say he get frustrated, but he described the entire team like that. He said they all get tilted and angry.

Winz is backing up AKM. 

And we have Fuels Management. Kyky said something about enforcing Korean culture, Rascal said that’s not what he meant, so who knows.

FCTFCTN said he’s toxic but then retracted his statement and said he misunderstood the situation.

As for as I know, no one else has said anything claiming his toxic. Not LS management. Not his former teammates, not KDP, nor do I think any one else on Fuel.
I don’t know much about their history in terms of how toxic they are. 

But Winz is super fucking aggressive here, it’s like he’s going for Rascal’s throat and he probably doesn’t know the guy personally. Like god damn the guy was already released.
It’s kinda strange, people are saying “You guys protect Rascal because he’s Korean”. Umm no? I find it hard to believe AKM because he went on a long rant on discord throwing everyone, especially Rascal under the bus. Fuels management said he was unable to commit to he team and unwilling to cooperate, but London’s never said anything like that. And then comes in Winz, this tweet isn’t even basing it on what AKM said, he said just because he went from LS to DF then dropped must mean that’s this is concrete proof that Rascal is toxic af.

And Winz ain’t just saying he’s hard to work with, dude sounds like he’s coming for Rascals throat, saying he’s impossible to work with and really toxic. Winz came in super fucking aggressive.

And none of the other Fuel players called him toxic (xQc said everyone tilted) and none of his teammates over on LS, KDP or before said anything remotely like this over the past two years. So yeah that’s why people are defending him.
And with xQc, it wasn’t just Rascal, he described everyone getting tilted and angry during matches, and he said this occurred well before Rascal joined.
For people wondering why Rascal is being defended so much, it’s not really hard to understand. AKM is the only one to come out and say he’s toxic. xQc describes Rascal gets real frustrated though, but if you listen to his whole stream, the entire team gets titled, even before Rascal came he was describing how they get angry in comms and the whole thing is in disarray. Fuel said that Rascal he was unwilling to work with the team and wasn’t committed to the team. The same org that said they let on mutual terms with xQc, who said that’s not true. Tbh he didn’t sound happy with Fuels management.

But sure, AKM and his brother said that he’s toxic so he must be. And they aren’t saying he’s frustrated, they are flat out saying he’s very toxic and that he can’t stay in a team, but Rascal stayed in teams for a long time and no one on previous teams are backing up AKM. And Winz here in this tweet is basing it on the fact that he was traded from LS to DF and then dropped, and is sayin “This is hard proof he’s toxic”. He criticized people on Reddit for doing making speculation like this but does the same shit.
Tbh I think the biggest problem is that both AKM and Winz are straight up calling him toxic and incapable for anyone to work with, despite the guy working with pro teams for two years. I think it has less with Rascal being straight up toxic, to more with Rascal being frustrated due to language barriers and just differences between the team.


And it doesn’t even seem Winz is basing it on what his brother told him, it seems more like he’s basing on the simple fact that Rascal was traded from LS then dropped from Fuel.
The same reason AKM did?

Rascal has played not just with Fissure but several other players in and not in OWL. He has been  pro since 2016. He has been a notable teams such as KDP and LS. Fissure is a vocal guy, he was not shy about his feelings about OGE, if Rascal was toxic he would of said something. Void and Wakawaka has a falling out with the team, but neither said anything about Rascal. These allegations come from AKM and Fuel management, but London’s management never alluded to anything like that. What xQc described sound more like frustration from language barriers.
No but he played with Rascal much longer than any of the Fuel players and knows if he’s actually toxic and underwent a similar situation where he was traded without him having any say on it.

Rascal has played under KDP and LS and none of the players came out and said he was toxic. Pretty sure he was a team captain for KDP.
Yeah and doesn’t Fl0w3r play in such a way that it strains his wrists a lot? Maybe they would keep Libero so Fl0w3r can keep his strain under control.

Plus Libero has been a beast all season, I don’t see why NYXL would trade him. Maybe they can build a 12 man roster.
A lot of people here did come in around OWL started or around the World Cup. Pre-OWL EnvyUs operates exactly how you said. From what I hear, Kyky operates the team more laidback, it was simply how EnvyUs worked. But like I said, OWL teams are on another level then Contender teams. Teams have more resources, coaches, experience and synergy, and Dallas Fuel couldn’t keep up.
I think the first thing that we need to come in terms with is that EnvyUs was not as strong as we originally thought they were. Contender teams were much weaker than OWL teams are, and even before then, in Apex Season 3, were not on the same level as the top Korean teams at the time, KDP and Afreeca Freec Blue crushed them.

I don’t know the inner workings of the team, but xQc had a stream recently where he went into details, and tbh it just sounded like a shit show. They would go in with no real game plan. He talked about one time when they were playing with Cocco on Eichenwald, no one knew what to do, so Cocco asked frustrated “what’s the plan?” To which the team responded “I don’t know, you make it”. They lost. xQc talked about how he never got any resources, how pocketing AKM didn’t work, how Mickie never got guidance on DVA, how Effect started to play solo queue style to try to carry, how Chips is really quiet and underperforming, how Rascal gets frustrated when things go wrong, etc etc. Not just Chips but a bunch of the Envy core just underperforms.

The team is a mess. Kyky tweeted out that the team never got the resources they needed and they were understaffed. That Hastro intervened against Kyky’s wishes. Management simply couldn’t manage a team of this scale.
Ah ok no problem you are right. I should just take the comment as absolute truth. 
So your source is a Reddit comment? Not even an actual screenshot of Custa saying that?
Whenever Dallas seems to be improving, something always happens that sets them back. Fuel releasing both Rascal and Kyky was weird, especially since the team looked like they might of made some progress.

We’ve been asking for Kyky to step down, a lot of people did not want him on the team. And we got our wish. Maybe we put a disproportionate amount of blame on Kyky, maybe upper management simply did not give him the resources he needed and unnecessarily intervened, but it’s too late to dwell on that I guess.

Old Envy core was gone before today though, stage 1 was what solidified that. After their abysmal performance in stage 1, many old Envy players got benched. xQc and Custa left, Rascal came and left, and former Rogue players came in. With or without Kyky, it just doesn’t seem old EnvyUs will come back unless there’s some kind of resurgence.
I mentioned FCTFCTN because that what you said is very similar to what FCTFCTN said. And all I said that he retracted his statement, which is a fact.

>But hey Reddit knows best.

I’m not making any speculation, you are the one claiming almost every OWL player knows he’s toxic.

So come on show us that’s true.
Are you quoting FCTFCTN, the same guy who retracted the very same statement when he realized he shouldn’t be commenting on something he had no real knowledge on?

Edit: Ah ok, so your source is Reddit comments. Great.
Same. I was especially excited to see the Birdring/Rascal duo play in the OWL, but Profit overshadowed him. And watching him go from benched on a successful team, to the mess that’s Dallas Fuel, probably without his say in anything, just feels awful. Fuel just doesn’t seem to know how to manage their players, and Rascal ended getting on that team, ultimately to be dropped by them **after** the deadline. And now he has to wait till fucking 2019 to play again in the OWL, I don’t know about him, but I would feel like shit if that ever happened to me. I hope he continues to stream and finds a Contenders team in the meantime but fuck man.
:(
FCTFCTN just said he misunderstoood the situation and retracted his statement. So it’s just  AKM’s word. And like I said, this is the guy that went on discord and started throwing his teammates under the bus on discord, and especially at Rascal. And yeah, who knows if someone else on Cuel will say something, but given their track record on PR, they might.
That other OWL player (not players), FCTFCTN, just said that he shouldn’t have said that and retracted his statement, claiming he really doesn’t know the inner workings of Fuel. Maybe hearing the opinion of a player that has never played with Rascal is not a good idea?
His sources for Rascal’s toxicity is from a player that never played with him on a team, and AKM who has thrown his own teammates under a bus during a rant on discord (who even admitted that he fucked up on Reddit). Although xQc said he babyrages when things go wrong, though it sounded more like frustration than toxicity ( thought both can go hand in hand). Both xQc and Rascal were not happy that OGE was brought in without try outs too.

XQc also went into detail that comms were hectic, not just from Rascal, but there was no game plan and arguing would end up happening.

Also, none of his former Korean teammates came out and said he was toxic. Fissure himself is quite vocal on OGE, but defended Rascal.

Rascal was traded to a struggling Fuel with probably no notice. Who knows how he felt.

Edit: I also wanted to clarify that this doesn’t mean that Rascal wasn’t toxic during his time at Fuel, nor does it mean it was. This all just happened recently, so we have to wait if more information comes out, if any does come out.

All I have got out of this is ultimately that Fuels upper management is a complete mess, Kyky saying that the team is understaffed, players being dropped from Fuel, and overall weak performance.

Edit 2: rewatching xQc’s stream, it was that the whole team is just a fucking mess. No plans, team getting super tilted during matches, people angry, said that Effect had to develop a solo que play style, has no idea why Fuel traded Custa away, and so much more.
Kyky just entered the room interesting

Edit: well nothing came out of it
Rascal’s stream is so fun to watch honestly.
Yep, Linkzr and Pine are both equal I would say. Though I like watching Pine more because he plays so much more riskier and overall more fun to watch. Linkzr plays smart, Pine would be sniping you from your own back line.
Houston just don’t know how to play on Route 66 and it hurts them way too much. 
Tbh I’m kinda scared when we face Houston, but NYXL should be able to win. Let’s go.
The whole team is struggling, not just Birdring. Tbh only Bdosin and Profit are doing great, but the rest are meh. We know what Birdring is capable of, just two months ago we saw Birdring peak in the playoffs against NYXL. The team is entering a slump I feel, and something needs to be done behind the scenes.

Meanwhile other teams like Philly, Boston and LAV are surging, so LS need to do more to keep up. I don’t think Birdring is overrated, I don’t think he’s incapable of reaching of his past performances, Birdring can bounce back. People are too quick to jump down on players. 
What the fuck, Carpe is a god
That’s where I found mine, at the edge of the dunes. I saw a Reaper in the distance, so I decided fuck that and started to go back to my life pod. But I saw a wreck and a data download thingy, so I went down to get it. When I looked up to get back in my seamoth, I found out that the Reaper was following me and was playing with my seamoth and destroyed it and then looked at me. I hoped out of there real fast, it followed me for 500 meters before it finally left me alone.
Dude just because you haven’t been paying attention to Striker doesn’t mean no one else has, people noticed him for a while now
Back then there were comments like “When your Fuel’s Bench is better than Boston’s starting line up.”

Now look at today and Boston is on top of their game, have a clear game plan and always knew what to do. It took Fuel until stage 3 to finally find a core to build around.
Weird doesn’t show on mine. Maybe it will go away later I guess
Boston played out of the minds and made NYXL pay for every mistake. I’m sad that NY lost but I’m happy that Boston was able to win.

From being on the bottom of everyone’s list to taking the series off NY.
He never was, we knew he was a beast Tracer since stage 1. 
Dont forget about my boy Gamsu, he’s a beast. General the team is all good but Striker and Gamsu stand out.
These jokes are much more about DreamKazper than it is about his victims. They are treating him like shit because he deserves it.
Nah everyone knew that Striker was one of the best tracers in the league and just a general good player. It was Mistakes people wanted to see and he’s stepping up to fill in the void TeenGrasper left behind.
Definitely need to, I have never seen a roster update faster for me than when Kazper got dropped.
I’m confident that Boston will be able to move beyond DK. Mistakes is doing fine. It’s going to take some time. But if anyone can build a new player up, it’s going to be Boston 
He has mentioned OGE once since he said that, but it’s in broken English and I don’t really understand what he’s trying to say.

>	i want know “what’s problem in NA” don’t say fk oge “are you have brain?” - asher

Was his last tweet.

Besides that he hasn’t mentioned OGE. And this is his reaction to OGE playing. When Sado starts oh boy.


Edit: I think he’s saying he just wants to see how NA view what’s the worst, among throwers, Boosters etc. And to stop mentioning OGE cause it’s pissing him off, he wants to see how Na view Boosters, he’s said what he had to say about OGE.
Fissure is really going off right now. He is saying he won’t call out OGE specifically anymore but he will never change his mind on boosters. If this is how he feels about OGE, I have no idea what will happen once Sado can start to play.
None of these nerfs actually occurred at the same time. Zarya got her bubbles nerfed in November 2016, Rein’s Earthshatter height was decreased from 3 m to 2 m, in May 23 2017, half a year later, and Roadhog got his damage nerf a month after that and it didn’t even hit APEX season 3 until the end I believe. DVA and Winston were being ran into Reinhardt with a taller Earthshatter and 1 shot hook Roadhog with success.


Now I’m not saying that the buffs to dive tanks and nerfs to Zarya/Rein had no effect (and Ana), but I’m also saying that the conditions back then are very different than now. OWL Teams now have more synergy, hero knowledge, team coordination, resources, experience and just over all support than before.
Oh ok, yeah I kinda jumped from off tanks to tank duos without making it clear.
Both Reinhardt and Winston are considered main tanks. The third one is Orisa. The off tanks are Zarya, D.VA, and Roadhog.
Winston is not an off tank
Oh of course. I’m not saying that balance changes had no effect on it. I’m just saying hero knowledge, team synergy and resources are much more different now than it was when Rein/Zarya was meta (like a year and a half ago now).
Season 2 was when they reset everyone’s SR, being placed in Plat didn’t mean much. Effect ended in the 80s season 1 but got placed in plat season 2. I don’t know what Dafran places season 1 or what if he even played.
I remember reading somewhere that this had a lot more to do with pros simply not understanding the game on the level they do now. I remember that one of them said that if they had the knowledge and coordination they do now, then Rein and Zarya would not have been as dominant as they were 
Btw, he goes into more details saying that it’s essentially boils down to mobility and map design. That you can’t do much without making the other tanks broken.


I agree. Dva is the only off tank with mobility. She compliments well with other heroes with mobility. Zarya and Roadhog have very little mobility. Orisa and Roadhog tank duo fair better than Reinhardt and Zarya duo and decent against dive because of their sustainability. But even then dive is still stronger on most maps. Dive can choose when to engage and disengage.

Comes down with how maps are design a lot of them have high ground where the team that controls it has an advantage. 

They could introduce an off tank with mobility. But that’ll just make dive more of a staple maybe.
I know Dallas lost but I feel they finally found  good core to build around. Let’s hope they actually stick with this line up.
ACTUAL DIVE FROM FUEL?! 

I’m so happy
Yeah and it was against weaker teams when no one was taking too seriously because revealing actual strats during preseason is not smart, at all. 

They ran the Envy Core during Philadelphia Fusion vs Dallas Fuel. Chips, Taimou, Cocco, Mickie, Effect, Harryhook and Chipshajen. During stage 1. And they got absolutely smashed. The core is simply not as good as we thought they were. The OWL teams are on a completely different level then contenders
That was preseason, against rosters that were much weaker than they are now and besides no one really took preseason seriously. They faced a Houston that had no idea who to start (they found out a few matches in Stage 1) and the Mayhem with only 6 players.
Not only that but Junks Ultimate is stronger. It has uses in not only often getting a kill or two, but forces enemy teams to play differently, often they disengage or to look out for it. And it lasts for quite a bit of time.
Not only Custa but xQc also said that Mickie underperformed as DVA. But Fuel really wants Mickie to play.
I do hope that you solve your situation. 

But Dream is dealing with a very, very sensitive and serious situation. Like I said, his reputation is already done, his career is over, and who knows how his family, friends and peers look at him now. And it’s not over. He now has to deal with the law and if the allegations are true and he indeed did the things they said he did, he can be looking at several years in prison, where convicted child abusers can have a very difficult time in.

His crime was online. His lawyers probably told him to not be online for a while now. His life is over. He can’t appeal with the girl and their family (it’s incredibly unlikely he will change their mind if they want to press charges) but even worse for him is that neither the parents or girls are in control, a district attorney can decide to prosecute him. This is a train that won’t stop.
The allegations are incredibly serious, he already lost his career and his image is already done. I don’t think anyone really knows what’s going on but most likely DreamKazper is dealing with Law enforcement and most likely got a lawyer, who probably told him for the time being to disappear from the face of the earth. I **highly** doubt Dream is going to even want to play the game, he has very serious things to deal with.
Implying you have a choice
Yes there has been several posts about this already. Just don’t play competitive on patch days, something usually breaks.
Rawkus same tier as Bdosin? Bdosin has the closest performance of any Zenyatta to Jjonak.
I also think RyuJehong is a stronger Zen then Rawkus, and focuses on healing more than the others.

I feel the list is more like this

S: Jjonak, Bdosin

A+ :RyuJehong, Boombox, Shaz

A-: Sleepy, Neko, Unkoe, Kariv, Rawkus

B: Hagopeun, Zuppeh

C: Freefeel


Jjonak does enjoy be privilege to play on a team that builds around him, but he enjoys it because NYXL have complete confidence that Jjonak will frag out. Bdosin has been a Zen if similar caliber but he does not have Spitfire build around him like Jjonak does. I feel those two stand out.
Rather switch accounts then heroes lmao
She shared the whole story on twitter. She told him she was 16 which DreamKazper response need by saying he was 18 (“That makes me older ... By two years!”). 

And it actually wasn’t easy to find his age, Liquidpedia only added it very recently. I remember because when the story broke out, people were asking can’t she just Google his age and to our surprise, you couldn’t.
Ark said they haven’t spoken in a while. His latest tweet said that Striker will do great for the remainder of the stage (in the absence of DreamKazper) and as such Boston will do fine. Ark is most likely fine tbh, most likely disappointed.
If it makes you feel better, Ark said on stream that they haven’t talked since the beginning of stage 2. His latest tweet was that Striker will do great (in the absence of DreamKazper) and so will the rest of Boston. He’s probably fine tbh, most likely just disappointed.
Not even up to the parents. Since they are underage it’s possible for a district attorney to pursue the case.
Feelsbadman
Kinda surreal looking back at a thread just 2 days ago.
So far the only thing he said on twitter is that Striker will do great (in the absence of DreamKazper). I also heard that Ark and Kazper haven’t talked in a while. I’m sure Ark will do fine.
Since she’s underage then I don’t think that even the parents need to press charges, pretty sure the police themselves (the state) press charges and take him to court. Since the crime was online and across state borders, I’m pretty sure it falls under the jurisdiction of federal government. Since this is now out of in the open, police will investigate and since she’s underage, once the police get involved it’s a train that can’t be stopped.
It’s supposed to try to make it seem that Kazper isn’t completely at fault here because she may have had malicious intent.

What it completely ignores is that as an adult Kazper simply could of not engage with her in any way and in the end Kazper still acted extremely inappropriate with an underage girl. 
He had a girlfriend, who’s honestly pretty. But that wasn’t enough for him. Or what he wanted.
Come on now, it will survive. OWL just needs to show they have no tolerance on this bullshit and are handling it fine at the moment. Both Boston and OWL suspended him indefinitely as they investigate, most likely in cooperation with law enforcement, as they should. Once they have gathered enough evidence to determine he is guilty than DreamKazper is out of the league and most likely into the hands of law enforcement. Which is how it should be handled and how they are doing. OWL won’t be stopped by him. Time will pass and investors will continue to invest, new teams will probably have even tighter vetting process and teams will probably keep a closer eye on players.
No they are not, it is a play on words, specifically by what another famous twitch streamer, Dr.Disrespect said.  Disrespect said something along the lines “it was stupid fucking mistakes” when talking about his infidelity. 
From what I read from her twitter. She is just in shock. She was manipulated by Kazper and she is angry. She doesn’t know why he would cheat on her with minors, as in why she wasn’t good enough.

It’s sad really.
Why do people assume that the law authorities weren’t alerted? It’s possible to do both. She wanted to expose DreamKazper to the world first, there are still a lot of details behind the scenes and no doubt proper authorities were alerted, like no shit.
First allegation was on twitter and journalists investigated solely based on that. The first girl just posted the dms on twitter. The journalists basically compiled them into the articles.

This girl didn’t do that. She didn’t post everything with twitter. She spoke with Sleepy’s girlfriend and then decided she was going to go to a journalist directly
I praised Jake and I didn’t get downvoted to hell. I have comments saying that Jake outperformed Sinatraa by a lot and didn’t get downvoted. Sinatra’s hate greatly overshadowed Jake’s,  like I said he was barely a blimp on people’s radar during that time.

No one really cared when the Koreans said they thought Jake was talented during the WC. People started saying Jehong was trolling during the OWL. Jake became much more hated on this sub when OWL started.
Yeah, but that was because of his hypocrisy, he was writing about throwers and otp, but threw games himself at the time. But the spotlight wasn’t on him, and the hate for Jake grew much higher by the time OWL preseason began and early OWL.

Even on the World Cup he wasn’t hated that much, people hated Sinatraa more during that time.
You go public so it makes it harder for police to sweep it under a rug which often does happen. And it’s very possible that she went to both law enforcement and journalists at the same time. 

Besides, police will investigate regardless if she or her parents press charges once it goes public.
I’m don’t think it matters much but his girlfriend was very pretty. But she came forward and said that Kazper was manipulative and she broke down after finding out that Kazper cheated on her, with minors no less.

DreamKazper is a fucking moron. He had it all going for him.
Which is why there are trials. They will investigate and can probably find out. If you are just mass sending them then the cops would probably look at you and you’ll be the one in trouble.
Yeah she broke down over all this, her Twitter is private now but she already vented out her frustrations.
Go on r/overwatchtmz there you will find summaries and threads about it. Dream fucked up big time and it’s blowing up on him.
Go on r/overwatchtmz R.I.P. Dreamkazpers career
DreamKazper no what are you doing.
Eh not really, especially if the post take off. If the post hits the front page, you’ll see a vast majority hate otp, but if it doesn’t then you are going to get those people that only really post in symmetramain subs and such. 
Guy below gave you an awful answer. It’s cause he’s the guy who found tremendous success playing Junkrat, which is a hero a lot of people dislike. Jake also has the spotlight on him a lot, as well (this deals with earlier) is on Houston, which was the rival of Dallas Fuel (Lot of EnvyUs fans here, which was the team Fuel built around). The hatred became a meme at this point, a lot of it isn’t really genuine.
That attack was almost perfect geez
I don’t how well people expected  group of players that never played together before, coming together for a week (Daemin came in a day before the match I believe, or even sooner than that) and with supports that speak a different language. Give them time come on
People bust his balls even when what he reports ended up being completely true.
Yeah do people do this to reporters in other esports? In sports? Slasher has gotten so much shit for his reporting despite being right the majority of time. People in the OWL should just ignore him.

And people also make fun of him for saying “said sources”. When that’s how you do reporting.
I’m not saying that I support what ZP is doing but Contenders is exactly what hardcore Overwatch fans tune in to watch, it’s much more more niche than the OWL, very few casual people watch that. Gina herself said she’s been told that the viewers of Contenders are mostly people familiar with the scene and the game.

However, nothing wrong with trying to explain some of the more nuanced and subtleties of he match every once in a while.
Yeah when both teams were on 150 ping (there’s a **huge** difference between one or two players being on that and the whole team being on 150 ping). Selfless never competed on LAN. 
I swear I thought he wrote asked about AKM not Unkoe but oh well
Well yeah, but Soon and AKM are not related to Soe

Edit: or Unkoe 
No they are not lmao. They all have different lass names and Soe is only 29, AKM is 21 and Soon is 24. 
I think Geguri did fine. She didn’t look like a super star dva, but she definitely isn’t a bad one either. She’s aight.
Well, I’m pretty sure the $2000 fine by Fusion is separate from the one by Blizzard.
Guy above you was kinda incorrect, Fusion is basically fining him $5000 not just 2000, plus $1000 from the League, totaling up to $6000 plus the three game suspensions and streaming revoked till June 17.
Not only Kox and Kaiser, but T1zi is gone, Runner is doing military service and Haksal has to wait till next year.
Wait wtf? Why does LA Valiant not want Envy and why the fuck would Dallas not pick him up. I know Space is good by Fate/Envy duo was probably the strongest aspect of LAV.

Assuming this is all true ofc.
Oh god maybe one of the joke posts will actually be true and now one will know till tomorrow 
Pretty sure it’s mostly from Muma, he picks Symmetra for a few seconds then switches to Winston, increasing her usage time very slowly.
Is dva the best example? She went through quite a bit of changes, from her defense matrix, to her not dieing from her own ultimate and finally her health buff that thrusted her into the meta, by November 2016 she was instrumental to EnvyUs’s run in Apex. Ever since then she saw steady use in pro play, especially in South Korea. Moira never underwent to the amount of changes DVA has.
Houston signed all of FNRGFE except buds.
Free agent

Means he’s not on a team but is looking for one.
Snillo is a fucking beast
LETS FUCKING GO
Eqo didn’t play but Boombox did
Discord made people take 50% more damage it was insane lol
What I’m saying is playing Moira is a really big disadvantage because all they can really play is triple or quad tank, which is basically inviting London to rock their world even harder.

Mercy would allow them to be much more flexible then Moira but then the team will be lacking a large amount of damage compared to London. And Chips Mercy is likely going to be shut down just as much as Zen, he isn’t exactly a Mercy god.
At this level Moira doesn’t play nice with dive, Dallas will be forced to move off dive and then get exploited by London. Mercy would be a better choice then Moira. And even then you are at a disadvantage by lacking a lot of damage.

It’s not as simple as “Just don’t play zen”. Zenyatta is probably the strongest healer atm.
Then Dallas can’t play dive and get fucked even harder by London. So Mercy is the best bet.
Lol some of them are subtweeting that this is the worst post Glads made and that people that support the tweet are toxic, lmfao. This banter isn’t even that bad like wtf.
Since when did low skill heroes = MOBA? There is so much differences between Overwatch and MOBAs, people compare them too much.

Anyways, there’s very few auto aim heroes, Symmetra is basically non existent, Moira is annoying but not that bad, Mercy is not that bad really, while Winston has a lot of mechanics that people are learning to respect. Junkrat is strong, but he is still overshadowed by dps like Genji, Tracer, Soldier, etc. I do feel that some heroes get more value out of themselves then they should but honestly the game isn’t that bad.
Those Houston fans would also love if you would shut up once in a while.
It is weird for sure. Especially since many of these teams run the same amount of players from their og squad as FNRGFE.

For Dallas and LAV, I guess it’s because EnvyUs and Immortals own their spots respectively. So they make the most sense I guess.

Seoul was built off the back of Lunatic Hai just the same as FNRGFE, but I guess they are referred to more than the others since the LH is just more famous then FNRGFE with more expectations, similar to NYXL.

GC Busan is being associated less and less with London, KDP almost never since the core is gone. 

>	When Dallas faced Seoul in Week 1, people said it was ‘EnvyUs vs Lunatic Hai.’

Well yeah, it was the first week, none of the teams had an identity yet. Houston was commonly referred to as FNRGFE.

I think it has to do with Houston feeling like a completely different team than FNRGFE. All the others market themselves similarly to their predecessors, EnvyUs makes the same videos as they always had in Fuel, Seoul markets itself the same way LH did, Valiant too. NYXL is distancing itself from LW Blue.

And Houston doesn’t feel like FNRGFE at all with Optic helping them market themselves.
What the fuck, what’s happening
Woah
What timeline am I watching
Dallas: LETS ALL GROUP UP AND TAKE THE POINT

Jjonak: No

Dallas: Understandable, have a nice day
Who doesn’t want to hug Papa Jehong.
You could link the actual twitter post
Unreal performance from Linkzr holy shit. 
Houston wasn’t lying that they read Seoul.
Nah, Birdring’s performance against NYXL in playoffs  was the most disgusting performance of dps I have ever seen. But Linkzr is a close second.
LinkZr is on fire holy shit
Does Fleta get stronger the less health he has holy shit
What the fuck was that Fleta Holy shit
SADO headed an entire operation, OGE boosted for a few people. There’s a clear difference
Not really. If non korean teams want to make it in, then they have to be the better teams. I want the best to be in the playoffs. Korean or not.
Outlaws said that they showed none of their strats but Seoul showed them all of theirs in their last match. And that they will win next time.

Let’s see if that’s true today.
“Seoul is the strongest team in the league, let’s just ignore that they lost to NYXL and 4-0 lost to London” 

Lol
Fuck yeah some Zarya play 
I really thought Mayhem had that wow.
People spinning like crazy always makes me laugh
KDP probably was also undergoing their transition to London plus they later revealed to have internal issues with Void and Wakawaka.

And yeah. I remember everyone wanting GC Busan to become an OWL during their run at APEX. So the league can become super competitive. And just like our subs prediction with Dallas/EnvyUs, they ended up being weaker than we hyped them up to be. Imagine telling people that GC Busan will be London’s B-Squad and would drop maps to teams like Shock. Maybe it’s because they don’t get as much attention by the A-squad. But stilll.
You can sue for defamation in the US. Though it gets more complicated when you are a public figure.
Btw, he’s talked about more than just an appeal  but also about him suing them over calling him racist. 

But he doesn’t feel like doing it cause he doesn’t see the point. Which is not a wise decision, it will affect him in the future when if he ever decides to pursue other things. Though his whole persona may not be helpful either.
How long have you played the game? Several changes have been small and minor tweaks.
Good thing for Winston that Dva is the off tank he’s almost always is paired with.
Maybe, but I remember that the devs allowed her to shoot and fly at the same time because they weren’t sure how the DM nerf would affect her. They wanted her to have damage to make up for her lost peeling. In hindsight, I don’t think it was necessary.
They definitely could tone her down. If they are going to, I would like if they could stop her from multitasking first before changing numbers. So first change two things:

1.	Don’t let her shoot micro-missiles and defense matrix at the same time. D.VA needs to choose which one she wants.
2.	Let shooting cancel her flight again. There’s no need for D.VA to be able to shoot and fly at the target at the same time.


Hell, maybe they can even make micro missiles cancel her flight. She does so much damage by flying at the target, shooting both her guns and her missiles then there’s the damage from being pushed by her AND her melee. Just don’t allow her to multi task.
I don’t know why you have this mindset that you can’t improve with people in your skill level, that’s how improving is done. You can learn against them, it’s slower but it shows it done. When you group against top 500 players, you aren’t going to learn how to play against them in one match. 

When they bring up your rank, they are trying to tell you are out skilled. You are forcing your team to build around an inconsistent dps vs two very consistent dps that can make plays constantly. You did pop off in the first point but was virtually non existent in the second. 

Competitive is where you play to win, and you learn on the way and improve of course. But it’s a team game. You fucked your team when you didn’t let them play and build around two profesional dps.
>What would stop them from being able to keep the branding?

Blizzard. They want this to be their league, new beginnings, teams unique to Overwatch League.
Yep, which is why Runaway is not going to keep their branding if somehow Runner got enough money to enter the OWL with his team.
If Runner sells the name/logo to an investor it wouldn’t change a thing. They still wouldn’t be able to use the name Runaway for the League team, for an Academy team they could though. Just like how neither Jack or Hastro can use Cloud 9 or EnvyUs for their team even though they own the name/logo.

They would have to sell it to the League it self somehow and I don’t think there’s a way in doing that. 

Blizzard also wants the league to be its own thing. Busan Runaway isn’t going to be a thing, Blizzard wants the League to be a new beginning.

And then there’s the fact that other organizations will be angry. Every other org has to rebrand and as such so will Runaway.
Runaway has always been in people’s radar, I remember that Flame said that, while he was trying to pick up Kaiser. Everything you said is well known among the investors when they were building their teams but Runaway was a tricky situation.

1.	Runaway wanted to represent a South Korean city so they can be based in SK for the long run.
2.	You needed to pick up the entire roster, Haksal included. 
3.	Runner has a large salary, his stream is popular in SK and he is a popular figure in the scene there, even before OW. Raised a lot of eyebrows from GMs, coaches, etc, that were given limited budgets to build teams.
If Runaway has $40 million lying around they would of been in Season 1 OWL lol
It was popular in 4chan for a while, before the 2016 election. During the 2016 election, a lot of boards on 4chan expressed support for Trump and Pepe the Frog was a popular image/meme so it spread throughout the Trump base.

Many variations of Pepe were made, and Pepe wearing the MAGA hat became popular among the Trump base. His opponents (Hillary) and the media eventually started to associate Pepe with the base.

I don’t think Pepe is an alt right symbol and I’m confident that none of the OWL players used it in that context in anyway. But Blizzard does not want to be associated with it in anyway. 

People are now angry about this because Pepe is used in many situations that are not political at all.

And I don’t want to talk about politics here at all but here I am.
Not only this, but I also remember that Runaway wants to represent a South Korean city so they can be based in SK. Not 100% sure though if that’s the case.
I don’t know the specifics, but prior to Runner leaving to start his military service, Runaway did not spot up and join OWL teams individually because they wanted to stay together as a family. When Runner left, several other members ended up leaving Runaway as well, for different reasons but I suspect Runner was the glue that kept them together.

Runaway as a whole didn’t enter OWL because they wanted to represent a Korean city ( so they can be based in SK), as well as that Runner himself made a lot of money so many teams couldn’t poach him.
I’m a big fan of Runaway but the reality of the situation is not as simple as you say.

1) OWL doesn’t give spots a away to specific teams like that. They didn’t “Hire” EnvyUs and have them Dallas as a city. And they won’t “hire” Runaway and give them Busan. It’s up to investors to gather the money ($20 million for season 1 and supposedly $60 million in season 2). 

2) The investors not only need to invest in the League, but they need to both choose Busan as their city and pick up the Runaway Roster plus more to round up the team.

3) Nothing is stopping them from making a pink/blue jersey as for as I know, but keeping the name is a **huge** no-no, it will piss off the other investors.

4) A small point but may be big for some, Runner, Kox, Kaiser and Tiz1 are no longer part of Runaway.
He didn’t agree with you though?

He said we have talked about both pro and competitive. But competitive has yet to change, we suggested so many things (and recently too) and Blizzard has moved at a snail pace. So conversation on it died down because we are just gonna ended up repeating ourselves. 

Meanwhile the pro scene has picked up so we talk about that.
>	Probably because tournaments don’t last a week, or a month, or a year. They are over in several days

That’s blatantly false. Some lasted longer than others, sure some were short and none lasts as long as the league did, but a couple dIf last for a bit. Each Apex Season lasted for like 3 months. Contenders lasted over 6 weeks, and Nexus Cups lasted for a few weeks. And there were plenty of tournaments too. The sub slowed down significantly when there was a drought in the competitive scene between the World Cup and OWL, most of the conversation was about leaks about info on the OWL. 

You are right in the fact that there is a lot more pro Overwatch to watch then ever before, but the sub was heading in this direction for a log one now.
The sub turned to a more esport oriented sub well over year ago, there was a lot of discussion here about tournaments such as APEX Season 1, MLG Vegas, APAC and more, and these took well over a year ago. You can look at the way back machine cause it proves this. Don’t know why you didn’t make this post a long time ago.
Lol yeah I was going to mention that. Some of those comments were saying comments like “Pro Overwatch and their teams won’t last past beta” and “I’ve played against them (pros) and they really aren’t good, they aren’t going to last and I’m surprised that these orgs chose them at all”.

Fast forward to today and many of these pros they predicted will quit cause they are bad now have a comfy payment in OWL while commenters were the ones that left Overwatch.
How is Meko outplaying Mano if they are on the same team lol. 
Because it’s a meme at this point, and it has just as much connection with Junkrat as with Jake really. Why did people spam Arhan LUL and Esca LUL when neither player was on screen? Idk. They are memes, why do we try to break down twitch.
He was considered the best DVA in the world and people were excited for him in OWL, until we found he wasn’t in Spitfire anymore. He was more known for his DVA during stage 3 and often outplayed Zunba on DVA during their match ups.
Yeah it was so weird, especially looking back. The play itself wasn’t impressive really, he flanked the enemy McCree, stunned him shot once (not even a headshot ) then flash the hammer. And flashed the hammer again, and tracked a Reinhardt, that was pinned, the most predictable path. I don’t see how what’s definite proof of cheating. Fast forward to today and you see people like Pine, Birdring and LinKzr, and Surefour himself, do some of the most absurd shots in LAN.

Comments there were saying that Por Overwatch teams were going to die quickly after beta, that how did Cloud 9 accept Surefour, that pros cheat because they aren’t good, etc. It’s so weird cause their comments were for Overwatch pro’s in general, not just Surefour. No wonder a rift was created between the esport community and the rest.
Yeah I’ll say they are one of the stronger teams in South Korea. Ending third in Nexus Cup was pretty good and they do have a chance to take Contenders.
This sub doesn’t really follow the Korean scene that much despite how much we praise Korea, and I have to admit I’m much more familiar of the Western scene than the Korean scene. 

The only thing the majority people here only know Element Mystic is that they beat team South Korea and after that people started calling them things like new GC Busan. However, they never shown dominance on that scale that GC Busan did.

That being said, I do think that Element Mystic has been a strong team. 
Yeah you are completely right, great Zarya players are mostly either paying Dva or are on the bench except for certain maps. Just look st Zunba, he isn’t playing Zarya, he plays DVA 95% of the time, Geguri should be the same. And her Dva is good too.
Yeah, Carpe teabags even more than Jake, pretty see he teabags more than anyone in the league.
Wtf?
It was not random, it’s most likely someone on his team called it out, Munchkin probably peeked Jjonak and gave away his position.
I highly doubt it since many other players are coming out and saying that Brigette is not strong enough to end dive by her self, her healing is weak and she doesn’t change a fundamental aspect of dive, which is they can choose when and who they want to engage. Many players said that she is incapable of stopping a dive team to slowly poke down your team and then collapse on someone. Dive is not about 1v1s, people who are saying Brigette will end dive is like when people said Moira will end dive. And even in that interview Miro didn’t say it will end dive, just that it may make it more difficult but they at still find ways to go around her.
Bruh I still remember when people were constantly placing Fuel above NY because “Fuel has more experience”. Not to say that I thought Fuel was going to be the burning dumpster it is now but I always knew NY was going to be one of the best if not the best teams in the league.
That’s such a cool poster for Fleta
SBB wife <3 that’s so cute
Pretty sure it was Munchkin
LMAO that fucking dragon came out of nowhere for Ryujehong 
It was a comment during the match not me breaking down the game. When I wrote this, Jehong sat at 20% vs Jjonak’s 50+%.
Jjonak gets his ult so much faster than RyuJehong
Well fuck NYXL is so clutch holy shit. Now it’s Seoul’s turn
I’m scared, NYXL takes it’s time taking first point but can hold second, Seoul is the opposite. But with such little time it looks like Seoul has the advantage.
In general I never was impressed by his ult usage, even during Rogue. His Genji ult usage is just abysmal, he would barely get anyone and legitimately doesn’t know when to use it.
AKM just can’t play Genji, especially when his sensitivity is so low. Dude takes so long to turn around, he struggles fighting tracers. His ult usage is bad in general too, but a bad Genji ult is worse than a bad Soldier ult.
Striker is bullying AKM so hard, he takes so long to turn around.
Well, most underage players are eligible to play within one season, with the noticeable exception with Fl0w3r, though we do not know exactly what his relationship with NYXL is.

WhoRU is not going to play until 2020, Season 3. Houston would prefer a Tracer now, not two years from now.
If you really want to know is that the range that most guys have is 4-6 inches. Above is rare, going to 8 is incredibly rare.

Porn uses a lot of techniques and angles to give the illusion that it’s bigger than it really is, as well as hiring mostly shorter and smaller girls.
WhoRU is too young, he’s 16 and his birthday is in August.
Yeah, I don’t know why some people came out and called it fan service when the scene was very out of tune with the show, it was very clear is was supposed to be uncomfortable to watch and fucked up.

It was also integral to show the abusive relationship between Satsuki and her mother. To show how her mother is completely obsessed with power, as many people should know, sexual abuse is often about power, the rapist does that to their victim as a way to completely degrade them, often it’s not that they are aroused but instead want to completely control their victim.

It was not fan service.
Rules weren’t known by the community when OWL started and some things changed behind the scenes, such as pro pugs stopped suddenly as well as players not going for more than duo stacks.

Eventually the rules came out and it became more clear that more than two people stacking wasn’t banned.
It’s been said time and time again that the rule that they could only duo was not true. Korean players especially like to trio queue. RyuJehong himself gets pissed whenever people bring it up on his stream lol, he’s tired of saying that it’s not true.
A lot of people responded and yes it’s in the show, but I really don’t think it was meant to be fan service but was supposed to make you feel uncomfortable. Her mom was incredibly controlling, and sexual abuse is one of the most degrading things you can do to a person.
As someone said, you don’t have to be so far back that it messes up your aim and prevents teammates from assisting you. As you climb higher, you will realize teams will start prioritizing you more and more. Communication is important for a Zen to at least warn your team that you are being focused and allow especially the their healer or your off tank to peel for you. So you need to be in the back line, but be close enough that you can get an overall view of the fight, allows teammates to come help and for you to come in with transcendence in crucial moments.
Why is this combo so common lol.
Who told you that? Look up single slit diffraction  and Huygens principle.
Kox is no longer on the team as for as I know.
Yah, I know it was just preseason, but none of the best Korean teams in the world could beat GC Busan, it was Gladiators that ended their win streak.
It came from London Spitfire’s discord, pretty sure it was made by Fissure himself.
You mean in the West, because the teams that ended their triple dps and Rogues dominance was Kongdoo Panthera and Lunatic Hai, and they crushed Rogue.
Well, personally the fact that they don’t speak English isn’t really a problem for me, I feel there is so many other ways people can express themselves. Just look at Mickie, his English isn’t really that good (Many Koreans speak around his level) but he is very popular. The NYXL squad have strong personalities and instantly became fan favorites. Also, many Koreans have better English than you give them credit for. That’s why I said they were people too, because comparing them to “Highly intelligent AI” doesn’t really sound right just because they don’t speak English fluently.

But i can kinda see what you mean now.
It’s a re-enactment, it did happen but they did not catch it on video so they re made he moment so everyone can watch.
Plus he has synergy with Fissure. Though I don’t see why they need to get rid of iRemiix, a back up tank is always good.
Koreans are people too wtf? Korean players have as much personality as Western players. 
The article that exposed this said he reuploaded the images in mid 2017, so it wasn’t 6 years ago. There is also more things popping up, so I’ll say it’s going to be a bit more than for some quite time.

But at least you got to meet new people in Overwatch.
Well shit, the news of who uncleswagg really is must be kinda hard to hear then.
Well rip 
Back in Korea he had the nickname “Black Miro” so I assume he is really good. 
There really isn’t a correlation, Houston and Fusion do well without many Koreans, Houston with none.

Ps- You can edit comments.
They literally just announced they picked up OGE lol, he’s a Korean main tank. How good he is remains to be seen, he hasn’t had the best results in Apex, but didn’t play with them for too much. 
They dropped Kings Row to Shanghai.
Isn’t that how NYXL beat Houston?
Eqo holy shit
As I said in another thread, Idk know exactly what happened with the first attempt, but the second one was not a bug, the moving platform went above his head and fucked him up.
I’m not sure about the first one, but the second climb the moving platform fucked him up.
I mean, the sound barrier only activates he moment you hit the ground. You can have one delayed if you do it from high ground for example.
I have yet to hear that. In general people don’t know much about OGE, besides a weak run in APEX. He didn’t really see much play. Hopefully he turns out to be a great tank.
Kaiser is on Houston’s Contenders team, *Optic’s Academy*. 

But I wanted Runaway to be all together but I guess it’s too late at this point. Kaiser, Kox, Runner and T1zi all left.
He said he signed on to the team to be a sub, didn’t sound like he minds being on the bench.
He can but that’s if Houston wants him on Junk, lately they wanted to run pure dive with Jake on Tracer and Linkzr on Genji. Maybe they will return to a more anti dive comp, that’s how I see them beating Valiant.
That was before he proved himself though, he was making the transition from HoTS to OW and the players on KDP didn’t know how well the new guy would perform. He later proved his worth.
I mean both Rogue and EnvyUs competed in NA LAN tournaments and were based in NA but the players were EU. And even then they struggled against either Team Liquid or Arc6, both comprised of NA players and lost when it mattered.

And Selfless never competed in LAN
Selfless was not the best NA team ever, they were the team that could almost reach tier 1 but never did. They could never beat Rogue, they couldn’t beat EnvyUs, they couldn’t beat Team Liquid. They lost to Arc6. They were good but choked when it mattered.
Its rarely used because it’s purposely hidden away, much more than the jump pads in Oasis, who are not even hidden. Even if that route had no zero-gravity, it would still not used. Meanwhile, the jump pads in oasis give direct access to the high ground over looking the point to any character.

I don’t see gravity as an experiment similar to the jump pads at all, to me it feels like when they designed the map on the moon, the concept of low gravity comes up. So they added it in for fun.

This is not the first time they said this. I remember them mentioning they specifically placed it out of the way so it won’t get in the way of the map being competitive, the area is there if people just feel like fucking around.
Have either been confirmed to be in OWL? I agree, Void and Choihyibin are beasts, maybe I should of mentioned them, but I didn’t because I only listed OWL members and I wasn’t sure about Void and Choihyibin was in OWL besides rumors of being picked up.
I listed them in no particular order, just a list of Zenyatta’s and DVAs I feel have shown strong performances.
Lucky for you those two characters have been meta for a while and as such there is a large player pool to watch from. Overwatch League picked up a bunch of these players.

For Zenyatta

-	Jjonak (NYXL)
-	Bdosin (LS)
-	Ryujehong (SEO)
-	Sleepy (SFS)
-	Unkoe (LAV)
-	Shaz (GLA)
-	Rawkus (HOU)
-	Boombox (PHI)
-	Neko (BOS)

For DVA

-	Zunba (SEO)
-	Coolmatt (HOU)
-	Poko (PHI)
-	Note (BOS)
-	Meko (NYXL)
-	Fury (LS)
-	Woohyal (LS)
-	Bishcu (GLA)
-	Envy (LAV)
-	Nevix (SFS)
-	Manneten (FLA)
-	Geguri (SHD)

Now, these are what I feel are the better ones in the League, and there are a couple more DVAs and Zenyatta’s out there.

Each have their own style (For example, JJonak is an aggressive, high damage Zen while RyuJehong is not as aggressive) , but nevertheless push the hero to its limit. There are also some people not in the OWL that are very good at either hero, but I listed the OWL since they have the most matches streamed, with the highest level competition so it will be nice to see them in action often. 

Edit: List is of no particular order.

Edit 2: Void and Choihyibin are both really good DVAs but not in OWL (though there is rumors of them being picked up)
You can watch stage 1 when Mercy was stronger and allowed Anti-dive to shine, which was: Mercy, McCree/Widowmaker, Junkrat, Orisa, Roadhog and Zenyatta.

Now it’s returning back to dive, very similar to the pre OWL meta, pre Mercy meta.
Hopefully, if not I’ll just suck it up and go to school.
It feels like most colleges are sending out that classes are cancelled except for mine, fml.
I don’t really think that vid of her being taken by police is telling of anything. Regardless if the mother is guilty or not, it must be terrifying for a young child to be escorted out by police while hundreds of people are yelling. It’s not that hard for the aunt and the mob of people to convince a young child that the police will do bad things to her and convince the child to be scared of them. Maybe she really doesn’t want to go to the mother. But as I said, being escorted by men you don’t know while people around you are yelling is going to make a child cry.
I guess this story raises a lot of eye brows because when you look into the case, it gets weirder and weirder. The father himself has a lot of power, the mother is the one that’s poor. The father has a lot of connections, his family is made up of judges, politicians and even someone in his family married a crime boss. So people don’t know how much power he has in making the story skewed in his favor. 

There is still the possibility that the family feud got out of hand and the mother was accused of selling her daughter to prostitution when it may not have happened and the poor mother was desperately trying to fight against the richer father.

And of course there is the possibility that the father was telling the truth, tried to save his daughter from the mother. 

And in the end, the accused pedophile and procurer were murdered, the father ended up being found dead and another accused pedophile, who was later found innocent, was found dead. This whole case is weird.
The essential phone has a 84.5% screen to body ratio, while the iPhone X sits around 82% screen to body ratio. It’s just that the bezels of the iPhone is symmetrical while the Essential phones is not. But the iPhone has a larger notch, and the Essential phones top bezels is significantly thinner than the bottom and thinner than the bezel around the iPhone.
What? No, xQc is right, they are trying to do to many things at once and don’t fully commit to a single style. Dallas wants xQc and EFFECT balls deep in the enemy territory but also want AKM and Mickie to stay near the supports and in the back. Why are you assuming that xQc is just jumping in there? It’s most likely the strat they were told to follow, but it just didn’t work. Your comment is pretentious, no shit xQc knows the difference between feeding and being aggressive and Fissure didn’t say he needs to focus on the basics, just he needs to polish it a bit more.

You mention Fragi but you don’t mention that Fusion has a clear aggressive style (also lmao, Fragi. **did not** focus on keeping his healers up) . Fusions strat is Fragi goes in and let’s Carpe and Shadowburn/Eqo to follow up immediately, EFFECT and AKM do not follow xQc or take advantage of his dives as Fusion’s dps does. Let’s not also forget that Poko joins him. When they don’t follow up, Fragi ends up feeding the team. The whole thing depends on his dps and off tank to pick people off in the chaos. xQc doesn’t get that, neither Mickie or his dps are there.

I’ve been harsh on Mickie, but they most likely want him to protect AKM and let him try to get a pick from the back when he dives. But when a Winston is told to dive and no one follows him, guess what happens. xQc is getting small resources from his team to work with since they are being allocated to AKM, of course smart teams will realize this and focus him. They used transcendence in one match to keep AKM up, which then allowed the enemy to blow up Mickie and xQc.

Houston’s earliest problem was a lack of identity and knowing who to sub in and when. They quickly found it (Tairong is really good), and they built around it. Houston by the end of stage 1 has a distinct style and was a top 3 team.

They need to just adopt a style as he said. You can’t have aggressive xQc with passive Mickie, you can’t have EFFECT go in by himself to try to distract, you can’t have AKM to mostly be on Soldier with the supports attached to his back. Maybe they can go off xQc being aggressive and try dive, have Mickie, EFFECT and Rascal dive in with him and clean up. Or if they want to be more passive then they can even build around Cocco, and be more reactionary. Or have xQc and Mickie slowly push. Dallas doesn’t need another main tank, maybe another off tank that is more aggressive than Mickie, but they just need to focus on their style.
You are right, I think I have been to harsh in Mickie when it most likely has to be them running strats that just doesn’t work and ends up making both Mickie and xQc look poor. Dallas need to go to the drawing board, their current strategy isn’t working.
I did mention that. xQc’s tank suffers in the strat where the team pockets and uses most of their resources on AKM. Seagull only played Junkrat because it was the most optimal in the team comp they are running at the time, the team couldn’t support a Pharah or a Genji. Its just that Mickie’s DVA has been underwhelming since stage 1. Of course I don’t know what is going on exactly in Fuel, but they need get their tank duo on the same page. 
Because theirs a visible difference between Mickie and other DVAs in the scene while xQc is more in line with other main tanks? Because Mickie looked poor with Cocco as a main tank as well and he plays much more passive than xQc? 

Of course it’s not just Mickie, but a main tank needs a lot of support from their off tanks. A main tank creates space and the off tank maintains it. When they are on the same page, both tanks look good. And the main tank is the leader, off tanks don’t control the pace of the fight as well as a main tank, generally they follow them.

Now the xQc is not perfect of course and he ends up feeding (like that time against Valiant when he dive deeper to try to get a pick and end up getting staggered) but a main tank can only do so much. His team does not take advantage of the space he created, the chaos he made when he entered because they are too busy putting more resources into AKM then either him or EFFECT. Look at Fragi, he’s more aggressive than xQc but it works because his dps cleans up. Poko is also there to fuck shit up. Both tanks need to work on their synergy, of course xQc needs to get on the same page as with Mickie and vica versa.
Ah I see. Hopefully he can integrate well. I’ll say one of the bigger problems is how well he can integrate with Mickie.
Yeah I heard that. It would still be nice to pick up a dedicated off tank, and it still doesn’t explain why they would pick up another main tank. Oh well, let’s see where this leads.
I don’t either, I really don’t think another main tank is what Fuel needs, especially when they already have two. Not only that, but they seem to have synergy and cohesion issues, does adding a Korean main tank that may not speak English well, does not seem to be a smart idea. I really don’t think xQc is a big problem at the moment, Dallas needs to fix their strategies (protect AKM and pocket him with all your resources isn’t going to cut it) as well as tell Mickie to step it up.

They really need a dedicated off tank, though there is rumors that Seagull is learning DVA, it will be much better to pick up a veteran off tank.

The team is now made up of five dps, three main tanks, three supports and one main tank, and the worst part is that their only dedicated off tank player is under performing, I really don’t see what direction they are planning on going in.

Edit: As someone pointed out, I do need to point out this is all speculation and not at all final word. In the coming weeks we will see what Fuel actually does.
I really feel like they need another off tank though. I have a feeling that OGE plus Mickie is not going to be any better than xQc plus Mickie, and maybe even worse depending how well OGE speaks English.
Three tanks is usually one main tank and two off tanks, not three main tanks. And besides, teams in stage 2 were barely dabbling in three tank meta, especially the top tier teams, dive is still dominant. Fusion, Seoul, NYXL and even Houston run dive or try to.
Well someone had to replace Gamsu when he left Conbox lol, OGE is his successor
He was the main tank of Conbox. So Fuel is picking up another main tank.
Here no, maybe the mods don’t want it here or just no one brought it up. But there is a post on the main subreddit that is gaining traction fast. I have a feeling something is gonna happen.
Yeah same here. I hope that Fuel figures it out.
Yeah, EFFECT says one of his biggest problem is communicating. Add in the fact that he is very quiet on a team with loud personalities, while the quieter players, Cocco and Chipshajen are benched, who knows how he feels.

There is also speculation that the CEO of EnvyUs, Hastro, has a lot of input on the teams decisions, which sometimes goes against the coach’s, Kyky, decision. And Kyky needs to handle not only that, but all the personalities on the team, with no real team therapist to assist. Picking up AKM, for example, was rumored to be orchestrated by Hastro against Kyky’s wishes. 

Mickie, their only dedicated off-tank, struggles on DVA, but the problem is, he is by far the most positive person on the team, having a dedicated player to not tilt at all is important, for example, Ryujehong in Seoul Dynasty tilts quickly but Tobi calms him down. But Dallas also needs another off-tank player, but they recently signed 2 more dps players, and are allegedly picking up a third main tank. Dallas has a lot of work to fix on.
Their contract comes with 1-year guaranteed and another year that’s optional. We don’t know if they chose 1 or 2 years. However, this has more to do with how the investors choose to build the team. They normally would hire a general manager to scout talent, Flame did for Houston, Huk for Boston, etc. 

Now they can approach this in different ways. Some teams decided to pick a team and build around them. Seoul and NYXL did this, picking up Lunatic Hai and Luxary Watch Blue respectively and then adding players around them. Houston picked the tank duo, Muma and Coolmatt and their team, FNRGFE, to build around.

Others can choose to host try outs and build teams like that. Boston and Philadelphia did this, having teams build from scratch. Dallas Fuel’s players can renew their contract, or they could try out for other teams. Dallas Fuel is suffering a lot from the management and coaching side too, their team cohesion and synergy is not up to par with other teams.

Now for xQc and Taimou, it’s not as easy as you say. xQc himself is actually a very good teammate, he has played with others and is often listed as a positive for a team, while his Winston is very strong, Fissure on LA Gladiators praises him, xQc on main tank is very strong for Fuel. He is not toxic in profesional setting, as I said, several other players has vouched for him and said he is a positive force in the team. This includes: Surefour in LA Gladiators, Danteh on SFS, Space on Valiant, Agilities on Valiant, zza in Mayhem Academy (Contenders) and more. Compared to Taimou, xQc has certainly been more tame, just hyper. Taimou, has been more polarizing.
It would be much easier to drop Taimou or xQc and tbh, xQc is more immature, Taimou says a lot worse things than xQc ever did, I have more hope for him reforming than Taimou. As in, Taimou has been saying disgusting shit since his days in tf2, while xQc just comes off as immature.

They can’t form with any other investor, all they can say is they are unhappy with the team and hope Dallas trades them to someone else. It also assumes that the new investors and new teams will be looking at talent in OWL rather than talent outside, which there is plenty still out there. But I agree, these players deserve better. 
What? That could end their careers. They can’t just drop and leave, they have contracts, and even if they could, they would leave behind a very stable income and leave for a tier 2 scene that Blizzard is leaving out dry, they would have very little money, they would have to live off streaming.

Unless you want them to somehow gather $60 million (price for OWL spot allegedly grew).
xQc does need to learn when to stfu, and his fans are really annoying, but Dallas has a lot of other talented people that dedicate their time into this. AKM, EFFECT, Rascal and Mickie, as well the rest of the players, deserve success. And they are willing to try hard to do so.
There’s a discord channel that pros can input their feelings and views on certain things. It is common knowledge among pro players and coaches, Phaz just tweeted about it like a week ago, the discord is not extremely limited level (well as in they have a lot of pro players in it, not just 1-2). The devs and Jeff himself already stated multiple times that they do take in pro feedback but it’s not the sole thing they use to balance he game which is why they don’t implement everything they want. They said it in forums post and I’m pretty sure they mentioned it in their dev videos, why are people acting surprised.

[Also read this.](https://reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/820vck/_/dv71rmq/?context=1) Why are people so surprised, pros and devs talked about their relationship before.
I just said that pro feedback is not the sole thing they use to base how to balance the game, Jeff has said multiple times that there is multiple sources and factors they take into account, not just pro play. They have looked at things that pros begged for, D.VA’s defense matrix, Mercy’s first rework and her multiple, albeit very slow, changes to Mercy, Ana nerfs (Pros actually suggested the damage nerf) and more.
Yep I agree, the dude said Blizzard feels like you are watching Pixar but not at all, rather an imitation of Pixar. Now I’m speaking more about Overwatch since I’m familiar with that game.

And the biggest tell tell sign is that the “stories” are more about lore than actual story telling. One reason this may be is because Blizzard has a strong incentive to make the characters empty shells, as in walking stereotypes rather than deep complex characters. They want Tracer to be the happy and cheerful, Reinhardt noble and reckless, Sombra the hacker persona, etc. Nothing wrong with characters with strong personas, but Blizzard really doesn’t want to stray to far from it, they want it to be sort of a canvas for people to relate to since a large portion of their audience actually does that. They canceled the comic they had planned about the omnic war for this reason actually.

Now their animations are certainly better than most video game companies and Blizzard has a lot of heart poured into these characters. But their storytelling falls short, they are better at world building than at telling stories. 

I actually say the Mei one is actually one of the weaker ones, especially if you follow Overwatch, which a lot of the audience is. It tells us almost nothing we don’t know about. We know her robot doesn’t die, it’s in the game, we know she escapes, she’s in the game, we know she was cryofrozen and we know she’s searching for something wrong in the climate. The storyline didn’t progress, we got a safe short on perseverance, but they didn’t really do it in a clever way tbh, which is something Pixar or Disney would of done. The dialogue in the Widow short is weak and the story is weaker too, it was just lore, (also Mondatta’s secret service escorted him at 2 mph when they heard gunshots from the roof, of course they did). The woman screaming over Mondatta’s death, just felt so forced, it’s like its forcing us to be upset over his death, but the story was all about Widowmaker, I really don’t feel too much for Mondatta, because we barely saw him.

Hanzo’s and Reinhardts were both nice, while Bastions is their strongest short so far.

I find their stories nice, but to call them comparable to Pixar, Disney and Dreamworks, who all pushed the industry forward in huge ways is just not right. None of their works are ground breaking, none push the industry in story telling or in art.
It has been stated multiple times by pros that their is a discord channel where professionals players can directly talk to the dev team and input their ideas, which the dev team themselves stated multiple times that they do take in pro feedback buts it’s not the only input. I don’t know what the guy above you is talking about.
That’s actually really nice. Lot better view than the Pizza Huts here that’s for sure.
Yep, that’s why he’s so impressive. He was known as a really good player on ladder prior, but that’s it. 
Why are people assuming that the kids ran around the hallway and went to a random classroom and knocked on the door. 

No, that’s not what the student is saying. Basically, he says this happened

He (Josh) was in his teachers (Jim Gard) math classroom then the fire alarm rang. The entire class walked out. Gunshots are heard and they realize there’s a shooter outside. Students and teacher run back into classroom. Jim enters the room, after 2/3 of the class enters and then Jim immediately locks the door, leaving Josh and a little over a dozen of his fellow students outside. Josh and his classmates, of course fucking terrified, knocks and slams the door, bewildered in why the fuck the teacher not allow them to go in the first place, they were right behind them. Later Josh finds out that Jim is being called a hero on the news and of course he is angry. Jim’s own story of what happened is shoddy at best, while other students stories are similar to Josh’s. 

Is the protocol if you are teacher to lock the door before your entire class makes it in and say tough luck to the ones that couldn’t outrun you? 

It’s about the fact that he locked the door prematurely, not that he wouldn’t open the door.
People are down voting you, but seriously read the article. People are assuming that the kids ran around the hallway and went to a random classroom and knocked on the door. 

No, that’s not what the student is saying. Basically, he says this happened

He(Josh) was in his teaches (Jim Gard) math classroom then the fire alarm rang. The entire class walked out. Gunshots are heard and they realize there’s a shooter outside. Students and teacher back into classroom. Jim enters the room, after 2/3 of the class enters and hen immediately locks the door, leaving Josh and a little over a dozen of his fellow students outside. Josh and his classmates, of course fucking terrified, knocks and slams the door, bewildered in why the fuck the teacher not allow them to go in the first place, they were right behind them. Later Josh finds out that Jim is being called a hero on the news and of course he is fucking angry. Jim’s own story of what happened is shoddy at best, while other students stories are similar to Josh’s. 

I don’t really know what the protocol is, but In sure it’s not picking the door immediately and leaving half the class outside. Imagine if Jim was  the fourth or third person.
Yeah the amount of comments blindly defending the teacher saying he did the right thing with without reading the article at all is scary. I know people on Reddit simple read the headlines but you would think comments would be pointing it out didn’t happen here. Comments with hundreds of upvotes saying the teacher was right and fuck the kid... the teacher allegedly immediately locked the door and left him and his fellow classmates outside with the shooter. What the fuck Reddit.
You are exactly right, I think Houston is a stronger team than Seoul based on the info we have now. The only real information we have on Seoul’s strength is that they 4-0 Valiant, so they defined improved, but they have yet played other top tier teams. Houston beat London twice, let’s see if Seoul is able to take more than 2 points next time they face London.
I heard this would give countries with larger scene a bi advantage, Team USA and Team South Korea would be stacked af, while teams like Thailand,  Japan etc would be left out dry.
Oh definitely, Houston is still a scary ass team and they are not a team to be taken lightly on. Just turned out NYXL was the better team today, it’s just gonna drive Houston to be better.
So u/hitpotpot, gonna continue telling us how Houston is the only tier 1 team in the league?
Ah I see, idk. I think the bigger problem was them being so aggressive right after NYXL capped the point and rising in to it instead of holding the choke 
Idk but they won, we don’t know how successful they would of been if they ran triple tank.
Notice how he is silent for the past hour after spending the last few days saying NYXL is bad LUL.
Why is there more discussion on J LUL KE then there was for Arhan LUL or Esca LUL?

It’s exactly the same as either, it’s a meme and doesn’t mean shit, twitch will spam it.
God damn, NYXL is so clean
THAT BUBBLE KILLED LINKZR
When Houston fell apart against Fusion, it was Jake, not Clockwork, that was playing those maps.
Lol he also said before that without Jake Houston is a tier 2 team. Got his excuse ready in case NYXL wins.
[Im not sure about that](https://www.reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/7v1tnc/shanghai_dragons_vs_london_spitfire_overwatch/?st=JEBYCGPF&sh=dec5d313)
Lol I know we are meming here but people already forgot that London vs Dragons was an even worse stomp, Dragons didn’t take a single point at all against them. At least Fusion actually one games lol.
I see his name pop up here often and his obsession with Houston gets worse and worse. Like goddamn, even his favorite team views NYXL as the big boss for themselves, they are not a bad team.
Why is Fuel not getting another off tank? I don’t think Mickie should be completely removed, but Dallas needs an off tank to compliment xQc, not another main tank. 
Runaway captured our hearts, I can never not stop being a fan. But my babies are being broken up it’s heartbreaking. Runner left for Military service, Kaiser left, Kox left, Tizi is leaving, and who knows if their other players will be poached. Why couldn’t Runaway get the happy ending they deserved.
And even then Sleepy is Flex Support while Adam isn’t, Sleepy would be competing with Rawkus. We haven’t seen Avast play in a while, so I’ll say Boink is Adam’s biggest competitor. And I don’t want Team USA to be made up of too much Outlaws, though Boink ain’t a bad choice.
Apple is worth like 5X times either.  Pretty sure Apple has enough money in cash to buy Disney or Netflix. People keep forgetting how absolutely massive tech companies are, Disney is dwarfed by Apple, Alphabet, Facebook and Microsoft and Intel.
Yeah, Apple is the largest Publicly traded company in the world, hovering around $900 billion and is expected to be the first one to cross $1 trillion. Alphabet sits at 754 billion. Both dwarf Disney.
>	Can they force Mayhem to get a bus driver kappa?

Lmao.

But maybe Force is a strong word, but I’m pretty sure if Blizzard comes to the conclusion that having a therapist is necessary for the well being of the players, then I’m pretty sure they can set guidelines and rules that would require teams to hire one, or they could provide it themselves.

So far they have been pretty hands off on how teams manage their players, but Blizzard does seem to care about them.
He mentions Blizzard because they can force every team to get qualified therapists or provide them themselves. That would be best for the players, if Fuel isn’t gonna get one then Blizzard may be able to force them to.
And why would teammates that are no longer affiliated with him in any way benefit from saying that? 

If he was an asshole and flamed people in game then word would of got out. He played with players like Surefour, Mangachu, Zza, Danteh, Space, Agilities and more. They would of said something, like come on.
Except his teammates he had in the past so far said how he acts in professional tournaments is nothing like his stream persona and he has played alongside a lot of people, if he did act the same way you would think someone would of spilled the beans.
A lot more players are getting LAN experience though, and more teams would be scarier this year for SK.

USA could send Muma, Coolmatt, Rawkus, Adam, DreamKazper and Silkthread.

Edit: For the dps duo, their is no Tracer specialist, maybe they could have Danteh or Sinatraa instead of Silkthread.
[Someone beat you to it a few hours ago.](https://reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/81oe0k/transfer_leaks_from_korean_community/)
Holy fuck, Void in LA Gladiators? His DVA is fucking amazing, and has great synergy with Fissure. LA Gladiators will have a tank duo hat can easily contest with the top tier teams, LA Gladiators making good pick ups.
Yeah they said this a long time ago too. I think it was on Coolmatt’s stream, where Coolmatt said “I don’t want to go into too much details, but let just say that Dallas thinks very highly of me and Muma.” Pretty sure he implied that DF offered both positions on the team but they went to Houston instead.
Completely true. I was a support main two seasons ago (mostly Zen) but last season and this season I decided to play tanks, with occasional support. All of them are fun as fuck and have distinct play styles. A lot of people don’t realize how much a main tank can do, a lot of games are decided by them even in lower ranks.
Houston’s tanks are a tier above Fusion’s. It’s by far their biggest advantage. Healers too, but Muma and Coolmatt play like they are one.
Muma chases Shawdowburn way too long, kinda weird. But Shadowburn was really smart while avoiding him.
Woah
Study hard, don’t read anything on Reddit, watch VODs later as a reward 
>More upset than me

>Calls people who downvoting him “socially inept nerds”

🤔
Pretty sure he used it during overtime but it was eaten by D.VA
You really don’t see the difference between hard CC and soft CC? McCree’s is hard CC, the enemy is completely rendered useless, while something like trap or Sombra’s hack is not hard, the enemy can still move or fight back and as such they last longer.

Hard CC is either an ultimate, such as Earth Shatter or Blizzard, or if it’s on an ability, it’s really short.

>	Having last for much less time would require either 1. outsmarting the opponent and hack them at the right time. 2. quick action from the sombra. 3. team effort on the hacked target. That’s my thought at least

Does this apply to McCree? No, you aren’t going to get a team effort to kill a flashbanged target, 0.7 seconds is enough for McCree to finish off. McCree is burst, Sombra isn’t, 0.7 seconds is basically nothing, and barely effects certain characters. The problem now is the cast time is a bit too quick.
AKM has been by far he most consistent player on Fuel. xQc is probably second right now, though some iffy moments
**Deathball**
Team moves together in a tightly pack unit, using speedboost to engage and disengage.

Main tank is Reinhardt
Off tank: Zarya, who have great synergy with one another. DVA can work well and at times maybe Hog.

Healers: Lucio + Moira/Ana/Mercy. Lucio gives the composition much needed speed, with other spot being reserved for a healer with strong healing output to keep the tanks up. Rein and Zarya need to be in the thick of things, so they need a lot of healing.

DPS: Soldier: 76, Tracer, McCree, Reaper or Junkrat. Tracer is a great generalist and is good in most comps, Soldier: 76, Junkrat and McCree play around shield good, while Reaper can make approaching the deathball very dangerous.

Variations- Triple, Quad tank deathball. These compositions take out a dps or both and replace them with tanks to make a very beefy comp. Typically is Rein/Zarya/DVA and Roadhog all work, with Moira or Ana as the main healer and Lucio for speed.

**Anti-Dive** 
A composition that makes it difficult for dive to be successful as well as relying on getting picks.  The characters are also heavy CC.

Main tank: Orisa and maybe Reinhardt. Orisa’s shield can stay up for a long time, Halt can disrupt dive and Fortify allows her to get out of a dive.

Off-Tank: Roadhog or DVA, but Hog has better synergy with Orisa. Hog’s take a breather allows him to survive dive attempts while his hook can combo with a half.

Healers: Zenyatta and Mercy. Mercy gives Hog and Orisa a lot of sustain while Zenyatta makes Hog and the dps more deadly, melting the opposition. Also there is Mercy boost applied as well.

Dps: Widowmaker, McCree or Junkrat

High burst damage heroes is typically seen here and they benefit greatly from discord and mercy boost. McCree and Junkrat also have CC.

Variation: I am pretty sure that the Pirate ship is Anti-Dive but with Bastion instead of a second healer or dps (maybe even Hog). This was mostly seen in Junkertown, it’s design allowed a team to set up easily and hard to get off. Once Bastion is killed and you are forced to get off the payload, it will be much more difficult setting it up again so it’s best to switch.

Then there’s a lot of variation in the dive metas since it’s by far the most popular comp, but I think you know that already lol.
That’s what I wanna see EFFECT
Why does Dallas refuse to run Lucio/Zen? Mercy is alright against Seoul but Ana is not at all.
What the fuck EFFECT. AKM has been pulling his weight hard, while EFFECt keeps dieing
Fan the hammer dealt 420 damage, the flash bang did 25, just being pedantic lol.

After fanning the hammer, you just rolled and do it again for another potential 420, fucking 865 damage if you land all of them.
The days when there was basically only two healers in game, Zenyatta was so squishy and Symmetra was a niche support as she is now. 

Also lets not forget about McCree Flash the hammer melting tanks and everything below.
The guy gave you wrong details, you can’t knock back DVA while boosting.
Do you have the source for that because I read more comments thy say it doesn’t stop it (because DVA’s Boosters have constant momentum while Winston and Pharah are short bursts of momentum in the beginning.)

[Here for example.](https://reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/80zhqr/brigitte_interactions_with_heroes_after_2_hours/) Clearly states that it does not push back boosting DVA
Oh my bad, I misread it.
You can also modify Anti-Dive comp and add Brigette. Orisa/Hog/Junkrat/McCree/Brigette/ Zen or Moira (depending on how good Brigette’s sustain is).
DPS: Birdring, Profit, Linkzr, Pine

Main Tank: Muma, Fissure

Off-Tank: Coolmatt, Meko

Support: Ark, Tobi

Flex Support: Jjonak, Ryujehong 

So I feel this team would be very strong, with their problems probably being communication issues between the non-Koreans and Koreans. I believe each of the players are the best in their roles, though maybe switch out Pine for DreamKazper.
I would add Ana instead of Doomfist, and Soldier is also used heavily in Dive.
Speedboost is only for her.
In the video, Jeff said she moves quickly for a short distance, I don’t think she can move as far as a dive character.
Besides the fact the halt hook combo, Hog simply has better synergy with her than either Zarya or D.VA. Zarya won’t build charge and Orisa is too slow for D.VA. Orisa tends to field an anti dive, and both Orisa and Hog have an ability that reduces the amount of damage they receive. Both have good range and able to melt shields.

This combo is very popular
In an interview a while ago, Jeff said the team was working on a hero which was a cat with a jet pack but scrapped that idea. Ever since then, people were asking for them to put it in anyway, and recently Blizzard has been teasing the cat and Brigette. The jet pack cat in this picture is most likely just a joke but who knows.
Yeah, it was just not DVA, LH and KDP were simply better teams. They were able to counter the aggressive Rogue with ease and were better with their ult economy than Rogue was. There were also other factors, as well.
I remember old meta posts by Captain Planet and one thing he pointed out was that South Korea really liked playing D.VA more than either EU or NA, they continued playing her after her armor nerf, while EU went to triple dive and NA went to more deathball compositions. Turned out that DVA was still very strong and she was a key component in dismantling Rogue when they went to SK and took their triple dps dive there.
Yeah thats what I notice with him too. He is not the Tracer to frag out, rather he’s the one to confirm kills. Yes that’s what a Tracer naturally does, but Jake is pretty good at knowing which fights to take and who to hunt down. He’s also good at exploiting the weak spots of teams, for example, during their match against London, they kind of left Bdosin by himself against Jake. Nevertheless, Jake relies heavily on his tanks to make space, Jake isn’t the kind of Tracer to go in and frag out.
In a MOBA I used to play, Paragon (RIP), there was this support character named Phase that can link herself to you and then use that link to pull you out of danger and towards her. It was great of saving allies being rotated on. (It also offered other things such as health regen and mana regen while linked).

Unfortunately, it proved kind hard to balance, they eventually made it clunky by making the pull a two step process, one to confirm to pull and the other to start it. There was also players that simply griefed by pulling you towards enemies or the fact that the Phase and other hero may not be on the same page and she might pull them from confirming a kill or helping out. The other hero can cancel the link.

Pulling other players is hard to balance.
So far, it does look like there is a large diversity in healers, we’ve seen all of them used.

Lucio is still good with dive, I really don’t see any other healer being more ideal then him. Moira can’t dive with the team and she struggles against DVA. Ana is really easy to dive on, while Mercy is still good but her ult is not as good as it used to be.


Lucio is the peeler among the supports, which Zenyatta desperately needs. His boops and speed boost gets him away from sticky situations. Lucio speed boost is still useful for characters with movement abilities, it adds an extra element of speed. He is actually really good at cleaning up, he can chase low health targets and finish them off better than any other healer. Lucio plus Zenyatta allows teams to cycle through their ultimates, giving attacking teams a smaller window to use their own offensive ultimates to break through. 

Lucio works great with a lot of compositions. I just don’t see any other healer doing well in dive other than Mercy (especially with Pharah)
You know people already did the math on this when the change came out and the numbers came out to a nerf. 

[Read here for the math.](https://reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/6f39oz/analyzing_ptr_roadhogs_damage/)

It wasn’t as simple as you are putting out with, despite adding a shot, his dps is still low than old hog, old hog was better at breaking Rein barrier. Stop calling it a buff, there was no way it was a buff in any way except against Tracer.
You are not in the minority, both Android and iOS have a lot of Reddit apps that blow the official one out of the water, especially Android, where I’m pretty sure the official app is by far the least popular. I love Apollo, but I still think that Reddit Sync on Android is the best Reddit app ever made, unfortunately it’s not in iOS. Though Apollo is good.
Symbolab is life. The desktop website is better though, it shows you the steps for free. 
Let me guess, it was the coolmatt69number1fan guy
Yep, Houston, NY, and London are so evenly matched we don’t know who would win. Fusion and Seoul are both looking to be monsters this stage but we won’t really know the strength of teams until half way this stage. 

Holy fuck Carpe
Sayaplayer, mostly known for his god like hitscan play in South Korea. He was one of the Star dps players of Meta Athena, a team that used to try crazy strats back in APEX. The same team where NYXL’s Libero is from. Sayaplayer is considered to be the best hitscan player in South Korea, which says a lot.
Doesn’t even sound like it, I had this argument with him before, he only comments on here to talk about how much he doesn’t like the new additions for no reason. Seagull only played two names under NV while Custa never did. xQc was signed around the same time as Custa. Rascal and AKM are new additions to the team. I don’t see why he sees it as a team changing instead of a team growing.
It’s not exactly a 1v1, but you can watch old Selfless vs Rogue to see AKM and Dafran duke it out Soldier vs Soldier, also has great SoOn vs Sinatraa. Those matches were always fun to watch.
That French guy was still under contract with Rogue, which believed they were making into OWL. By the time he was released San Fran already locked in their roster, pretty sure they were one of the first ones to announce their roster.
They talk about Zenyatta more like dps because some players can pump out insane damage with him (cough *Jjonak* cough). 

Sombra is played like a support in pro games, teams use her as an EMP bot, that’s simply hows she’s played. When they choose Sombra, they know they are sacirificing a lot of damage in return for more utility in her hacks and her emp that charges very fast.
It’s not uncommon to ply Genji against Winston’s in pro play.
>Trying to argue with coolmatt69number1fan about Houston.
They don’t have Mano and Meko though
Yeah exactly this, I don’t know why the fuck the guy above you is saying, the West always has individual skilled players, but team synergy and teamwork was where they always lagged behind. Mercy made teams not be so tightly packed, they can afford to make mistakes. Also, the above comment makes it seem like Koreans can’t take advantages (or did not) of Mercy, Junk etc and all performed poorly. The two finalists of the playoffs was London and NY, NY leads the season with London third. Houston and Boston can still come out strong as their teamwork is great. Dynasty struggled last stage but now they look great, while Valiant can still make a come back.

Some of the people need to chill, who knows how the stage 2 will play out. Everyone was saying the same thing early on in stage 1, that Korean teams will dominate uncontested but look how it play out.
Did you not watch the majority of the matches today or what? 
Neither did AKM
What the fuck is happening 
I guess because Taimou was the teams shot caller and moving his role from DPS to tank so they don’t have 5 dps mains as well as making a the shot caller be the tank is not bad. But Fuel has 3 main tanks now if that’s the case.
Well first, I think now it’s clear that the incoming triple tank meta was grossly over exaggerated, but damn not even in Kings Row. Dive is still king.

Seoul looked very strong today. First, Tobi is a so good at Lucio, him back on Lucio is a huge boost for the team. Miro seems to have improved and Bunny too. 

LA Valiant was just simply outclassed today.
Seoul is back
Yep, LA does not use their supports ult as well, sometimes they blow two in a fight.
Yeah I’m aware of that but the comment above you is talking about OWL, I always knew we were going to go back to dive, the coming tank meta was so over exaggerated.
“Triple tank will be meta stage 2” 


This sub is as good at predicting metas as they are predicting team power ranks
I didn’t see anti-dive, which was a popular strat before, second behind dive.
Tobi is going to show everyone the power of Lucio and how he got the nickname as boop god
Dominant first map from Seoul 
Lmao Bunny
Tobi is such a pleasure to watch on Lucio
And just as I say that Agilities got a good one lol
Two support ults is going to make dragon blade a bitch to use
I mean why? It’s not showing anything special, it’s a basic tire, you don’t even need to do a u-turn, you can have it climb a wall or just keep it in place.

This sub sometimes doesn’t even accept pro highlights in top 500, this ain’t going to fly here lmao.
I don’t think either Sayaplayer or Geguri is in the US my friend, Visas take time.
AKM has a nasty McCree as well, and he can also play Soldier and Pharah, though I’m not sure his widow can keep up.
Yeah, I don’t hate Jake at all and I think he’s a fine player, but I would pick Agilities or Linkzr over him for this hypothetical team.
Didn’t a lot of people place plat regardless of their previous SR because Blizzard reset it or something like that. EFFECT finished rank 89 in Season 1, which is very high.
When the dva ends up being the last one alive on point and is trying to escape as baby dva, the team in general fucked up.

During the stagger, it’s also a great time to show replays and honestly sometimes the staggers are long and hilarious, at least to me.

As someone else said, this would be a huge buff to dva, and she is the last person to need it.
Sombra does make supports that usually don’t need peeling to require it, Lucio especially required minimal peeling from other heroes because of his self peel. How do you peel for Mercy or Lucio now, yes it becomes harder to do so but it is going to be similar to how to peel for a Zenyatta or an Ana even, who has no abilities. The more coordinated the team the harder it is for Sombra to get picks.

Of course the problem will become greater during a team fight, where Sombra will be able to hack more people during the chaos. Sombra is great for ending team fights with a good hack or EMP, that aspect of her never changed.
Oh for fucks sake, I mean if a Sombra is constantly hacking your support, you need to peel for said support the same way you peel for them when a Tracer or Genji sneaks up on them. 
Mercy meta brought in more tanks in pro play then the dive meta before though. In dive meta it was Winston and DVA for almost every map. Mercy meta gave the rise to anti-dive with Orisa and Roadhog, and also Rein and Zarya with Moira worked in a few maps. Mercy gave Orisa, Hog, Winston and DVA strong sustain, and tanks were never tasked to killed the Mercy, that was for the burst damage heroes. Mercy meta did completely fuck over the supports though, it was basically just Mercy+Zenyatta it nothing.

>	imagine being a support main in a sombra meta. you have to pray that your mccree is always ready to flash the sombra. what can a tank do to a sombra picking off his/her supports?

Unless she is using EMP, which there is nothing to do help support, or you are way outback by yourself, I don’t see how it’s any different than a Tracer or Genji in the back line harassing you. Have you second healer and off tank to peel for you. Killing her will be more difficult because her translocater is the best escape in the game, but if your team cares about you or you have a mic and tell tbem Sombra is fucking you over, then they should try to help you out.
??? How am I stifling discussion? Pretty sure OPs post is still up for everyone to read and form their own opinion on. 

And I didn’t say just to blindly trust Blizzard. I’m saying let’s give it a bit more time so we can see more clearly how Sombra is broken, if she even is. Then we can give better feedback. I’m not saying it’s not possible for Blizzard to fuck up Sombra like they did with other heroes.
I’m not saying it bares no weight. There is nothing wrong with discussing the viability of Sombra and her hypothetical effects on the meta.

However, these “really stupid changes” were loathed by the community, because we sent lots of negative feedback yet Blizzard chose to ignore it. Three famous examples was the Roadhog nerf, Bastion buff, and Mercy rework.

Sombra is on PTR. There has yet been a massive negative feedback like those three changes recieved. TBH, this post reads more like someone just read the path notes then someone who played Sombra on PTR. 

I’m just saying try her out, give it time, and then see whether she is OP or not rather than a knee jerk reaction.
Yeah not just 2CP, she was used on other maps too. And LH had Esca, his Sombra was great.
Yep, Sombra was used to try to counter Zen, Lucio and DVA on 2cp at least, but none of them became throw picks. Instead, 2CP became the ultimate mind games and Zenyattas and Lucio vs Sombra and see who fucks up. Sombras baiting out Trans, Lucio’s outsmarting Sombra by positioning better, etc.. It ended up being fun to watch to me at least.
Lol we got to the point where this sub is complaining about a meta that doesn’t even exist. 

We don’t know if Sombra will be thrusted into the meta and not being a niche pick. This all reminds me how people believed that Sombra will become meta when she was announced. Let’s give it some time and see how she does in practice rather than read what she does and try to guess what will happen.
I remember that, had to be against Lunatic Hai because I am pretty sure he ended up killing Tobi doing that.
Void was the best DVA in the world, his performance on that hero is amazing. I’m sure he can easily claim that title in OWL but we don’t know if he actually wants to be in it.
Doesn’t looked like they traded anyone, just bought off Fissure.

So as for as I know, most likely money.
What made them impressive was the fact that they had very limited resources, a team basically made by the players themselves. And Muma/Coolmatt were definitely well known, that was the strongest aspect of FNRGFE.

Houston is still made up of big names of the West.

Also they had the best logo.
You are right, he doesn’t really play Tracer, Birdring played that role a lot more. He is competent on it but not as a good as a Tracer specialist such as people like Saebyeolbe or Profit, etc. 
His hitscan of choice is Soldier, and then mostly plays projectile.
Houston is not a good example, Muma and Coolmatt were known for being one of the best western tank duos from their run in FNRGFE. They built the team around those two and got the entire FNRGFE squad except Buds. Rawkus was a good support player from FaZe, which prior to OWL was one of the stronger western teams. Spree was from the same team. LiNkzr was not unknown, his latest results before Houston was on Gigantti, where he was fucking shit up. Jake made a name for himself on Team USA. Tairong was a very well known Coach.


Outlaws is team made up of big names, maybe not on the level of Ryujehong, but they were well known. Boston was a better example.

Seoul and Fuel are both teams that have big names but are underperforming.
AKM might be on DVA, but he needs to be grinding it like crazy because his Rogue performances on DVA were under whelming, I don’t see him replacing Mickie on that role.

Custa is not Lucio specialist. Mercy had a 100% pickrate and It really messes up the healer duo of Fuel. With Lucio back, he will achieve a near 100% pickrate as he had for the majority of the past two years. HarryHook is their Lucio specialist, so he will see a lot of playtime (unless the coaches want to really shake things up). Custa is probably going to sub for Chips.

INTERNETHULK (rip) left the team way before Seagull, but yeah Seagull fit in the team and slipped right in. But who knows, maybe Rascal and AKM end up making the team more interesting.

And yeah, xQc is a polarizing person to say the least.
As much as people love iRemiix and Bischu, their synergy was not there in stage 1 and iRemiix really underperformed.

Meanwhile, Fissure was being overshadowed by his fellow team mate Gesture. With this traders he will finally see the playtime he deserves while LAG gets a monster for a main tank.
Why do you want to watch Seagull but not Rascal? Seagull is also a new player added to the team. Custa and xQc too. I didn’t start shunning them when they added EFFECT several months ago. 

I look at Rascal and AKM as *additions* to the team, they are going to be part of the team now. Team EnvyUs is still there. They added new friends, none of the old team is leaving.
HarryHook is the Lucio player, he’s not going to be benched 50% of the time, with Mercy gone, Lucio will be back near 100% pickrate. 

Seagull is a relatively new member to the team, he only played two matches with them before OWL. Cmon bruh.

Taimou, Mickie and Cocco have been underperforming and they know it. They want the team to start winning. These additions aren’t changing the team, it’s making them grow. You realize that Custa, xQc and Seagull are all relatively new additions to the team right? Rascal and AKM are just more additions. The team in general is very young, but compared to the old core of Envy plus EFFECT, they are new.

I’ve been following this team for over a year. I don’t feel this is a random team.
Didn’t he start off as a Mercy main?
Yah you right, I forgot that the core players aren’t there anymore...

Bro the players are still there, the same 4 core players that have been on the team for over a year. They had went through numerous roster changes.
Reinhardt benefits more from Lucio than Orisa does, it allows him to reposition himself better, gives him the speed he needs and allows him to engage and disengage much better. Orisa doesn’t really want to be in the middle of the fray, she wants the enemy team to be at a medium distance. This because they can bypass her shield easier if they get near, while her gun is better at medium range and her movement speed decreases while shooting.

I think people are already forgetting how strong speed boost is, especially for organized teams. Mercy had to get Rez as an ability to overtake him. A Rein deathball is going to be sped up by Lucio, and I feel it’s either going to be triple tank or 2/2/2 deathball. People kind of forgot, but anti dive was actually originally with Rein/Zarya and Junkrat, not Orisa and Hog, but with Lucio gone and Mercy came in, it evolved to that. Also because Hog got a buff that allowed him to not get destroyed when he is in a fight. Mercy + Orisa Fortify, Mercy + Roadhog take a breather is almost impossible to kill even with Discord, that allowed them to survive dive attempts.

I think Anti-dive is going to be Rein/Zarya and Junkrat on certain maps, with Moira and Lucio as supports. Dive will continue to be king, but the best teams are the ones that know when to play dive, and when to play something else.
Yep, either someone is leaving, or more likely, roles are being changed. Maybe they want Taimou on Hog. Maybe other things will change

Or maybe they just picked up AKM for his DVA kappa
I guess the biggest difficulty in comparing them is that both barely got time to prove themselves on Pharah, while Rascal himself barely getting time to play over the monster duo that is Birdring/Profit.

And for Seagull, his team just could not support Pharah, they needed him on Junkrat. I guess we will see in stage 2 who will start over the other since their hero pools are very similar.
But who is going to reach the point faster, Winston or Orisa? No one just walks to the point, base movement doesn’t mean anything when you have movement abilities like leap or dash. It’s like trying to tell us McCree isn’t slow compare to the other dps.
Look through his comments, he legitimately believe Seagull is better than Rascal and AKM on Pharah. He actually doesn’t want them on the team.

I like Seagull too but please, Rascal has proven himself so much. 
You are going to be downvotes because what results has Seagull shown with Pharah? AKM completely dumpstered Fl0w3r in the World Cup and I can see the argument of Seagull over AKM because it was only a small sample we have with AKM. But Rascal? Rascal has proven himself again and again how good he is on Pharah, in the past in APEX, while Seagull was against much weaker opponents. Rascal couldn’t shine because of the Profit/Birdring duo and saw little playtime


Both have small playtime on Pharah this season, like 18 minutes each.
I knew that Madhouse was going to hate Fuel when people found out AKM was going to Fuel a while ago, for the same reason he hates Valiant. Dude used to hate Rogue but they disbanded, but both Valiant and Fuel picked up former members so his hatred carries on.
Moira is not going to reach 100%. 

Lucio will, he will replace Mercy and reach a near 100% pickrate as God intended it to be. 

Moira will have to compete with Zenyatta and he synergies better with Dive then Moira does so Zenyatta will have a higher pick rate. Not only that, he provides a shit ton of damage and his transcendence can save entire teams better than coalescence. He can get picks and end fights before they start. And pros are more used to Zen then Moira.

I predict dive will be the dominant meta with others viable in certain maps or situations. Moira based deathballs can’t contest high ground, they will be more useful on more level maps and even then dive has the upper hand.

Dva is still strong as fuck and she counters Moira harder than Zen. With Mercy gone and Lucio back, I feel Orisa will be hit harder than the other tanks. Winston hasn’t been changed.

McCree and Widowmaker will become even more niche with the absence of Mercy, especially McCree. With no strong sustain and Rez, he’s going to die when speed boosted Winston and Dva collapse on him. Reaper will continue being a niche pick, and I feel Soldier’s usage will rise. Tracer and Genji will still be good, and I think Junkrat will continue being a strong pick.

Kings Row is here though, I wanna see Zunba fuck shit up on Zarya.
Also, it was peak Lucio, speed boost was so fucking fast and healing strong.
IIRC, main and off tanks are by far the most sought role, there are less main tank mains then dps mains. Teams are looking for them.
God damn Slasher dropping a lot of names right now
Having emp every team fight didn’t stop him, I don’t know if this is enough to.

Edit: Actually, the more I read about her buffs, the stronger she sounds. But I wanna wait till people get more playtime in PTR to see how strong she is
That is true, dva changed from being the ultimate peeler to more of an assassin role, but that would just make dive even more aggressive. Dive is really good at getting picks in the chaos when they are diving, DVA is going to pick someone.

However, Moira’s introduction can change some thing around, especially as pros make new strats around her. However, I expect dive to be the most dominant meta, with other comps more niche on specific maps or points.
When the tire explodes, it not only kills but is an EMP in itself. 
Just under 100%? That’s a bit much, it’s fine at 50%.
Exactly this. The teams only have to scrim and prepare for a small amount of maps, while in previous tournaments they had a larger pool to prepare for. Now that there is only two maps for each mode, their coaches can study how to play the map and counter strats, eventually resulting in comps and metas specific for that map. For example, Lunar Colony has a popular strat of having quad tanks with Rein, Zarya, Hog and Dva, with Moira and Lucio, to rush into the first point.  This strat works on Lunar Colony, but not the Anubis, the other 2cp map, because of the design of the maps. There are much more starts developed, prior they made generic comps that fit more map pools, now they don’t have to.
Yep, small map pool and lots of time will let different comps rise. Kings Row is where Zarya and Rein usually shine, and the person I’m most excited to see on that map is Zunba.
Good on paper? Bro, before Mercy meta, the meta was dive with Lucio/Zenyatta. And if you read my comment, it’s currently the meta for tier 2 teams. It’s not “good on paper” when the como is actually working, that’s not how that term works.

If you actually follows the pro scene, which is what I am talking about, then you will know how strange that comment is.

Lucio/Zenyatta dive was he most dominant meta for months until Mercy replaces Lucio. And if we look at the T2 tournaments, Lucio/Zenyatta dive is back, this comp has insane synergy.
Dive and anti-dive we’re both successful, dive eventually was mostly used for attack while anti dive for defense. But the anti dive meta didn’t reign supreme, dive heroes are still the most used and impactful heroes. Winston, DVA, Tracer and Genji saw a lot more playtime then Orisa, Hog, or even Junkrat.

The best teams are the ones that know when to run anti dive and when to run dive. And mercy was critical to anti-dives rise. 

Though OWL has a small hero pool for each stage and it allows map specific metas to arise. And there are some good maps and we might see more triple tank. Predicting metas is hard.
Yeah but none of the aspects of dive has changed. In the current tournaments being played, triple/quad tank see limited play while dive continues being the dominant meta.
Fuel is going to pick up Rascal from London Spitfire. Absolute beast, especially on Projectile heroes. I love Seagull, but Rascal plays everything Seagull does but better.
Of course. I said this several times in the other sub and people are starting to realize.

Tank meta isn’t coming and dive is here to stay. Mercy gone just brings back Lucio, Ana never competed with her in pro play, her usage dropped because of Zenyatta. None of the aspects of dive were changed, Winston still can take space as much as he could before, DVA is still strong as fuck, Lucio/Zenyatta synergy is back, Tracer/Genji/Soldier benefit from this the most, while heroes like McCree or Reaper hurt the most with Mercy gone. The first day of Korea Trials was watching Dive surgically dismantle Triple tank on Kings Row, the strongest map for triple tank.


Most likely is that Moira based comps may be viable on certain maps and sections of it, but so far if T2 tournaments are anything to go by, Dive is here to stay.
In EU PIT, they loved picking Rein/Zarya. Pretty sure the finals had them always pick it, even on Hollywood.

But in NA PIT, dive is dominant. The Fusion academy team, by far the most dominant team there, plays 80% dive.
Have you’ve seen Zumba’s Zarya though? He is the best Zarya in the world but you see him playing D.VA, the meta is important in this level of play. That’s why you see Chipshajen play Mercy, Ryujehong play Zenyatta, and Cocco play Winston/Orisa. The meta and strats dictate the characters you play at this level.

When Geguri played for the Orcas, she didn’t play Zarya, she need to play dva. And Geguri has a very good dva
You know that dive never really used Mercy before right? Moira can and will make tanky comps more viable in certain maps, but if you follow the tier 2 scene, there is no indication that Lucio/Zenyatta dive won’t be the dominant comp, with certain comps being viable certain maps.

The incoming tank meta is grossly over exaggerated.
Not really, it’s still mostly dive with Rein/Zarya being popular on certain maps. In the current Overwatch Pit, Fusion university is by far the strongest team and they run like 90% dive, while dive gets the most playtime in Korea Contenders trials.
I don’t see how he was ever supposed to be anti-dive, he always seemed more deadly against slower moving comps. He was super mobile himself, when he came out i had a feeling he would just fit in dive because of how mobile he was.

Then they nerfed him quite a bit.
Rascal has a massive hero pool he can play Pharah, Genji, Soldier, Mei, and more at high level.
>	for expansion candidates: Hong Kong, Detroit, Chicago, Seattle, Toronto. 2nd NY team

That’s seems fine, though more EU teams would be nice. Besides, it ain’t up to Bluzzard, it’s up to investors.

>	lower amount of games from 40-32 or 30. I think 40 is too much and players/fans will get burnt out during Stage 3-4.

No. You aren’t meant to watch all, just watch the teams you like. Do you try to watch every NBA or NFL game?

>	start academy league or force rosters to scout local talent

They have academy teams actually. But force to scout local talent? Not at all, the League is about having the best players. If it comes from their city, amazing, but they shouldn’t be forced to. 
Seoul’s doesn’t have an Academy team.
Why you getting angry for lmao.

No one claimed that they only had success in NA, but when they entered their long winning streak it was only against NA teams. The roster we are talking about, the French one, is not the same roster that defeated Lunatic Hai, what’s so difficult in understanding that. The French squad lost against the Koreans. The French squad was the one that went on that big ass win streak, but only against NA teams.
 
The whole thread is literally talking about Winz and Lucio. No one before you said Winz never win against LH, we know he won against them once in APAC. But it’s not relevant because we are talking about Lucio and Winz.
WhoRu is 16 though and so Alarm, they need to wait quite a while.
That’s what I tried telling him, Winz didn’t play Lucio then and it was a different match up.
In the more recent match up, in Apex season 3, Winz played Lucio. He claimed Lucio was no skill and basically a non factor , but he was unable to keep up with Lunatic Hai’s Lucio, Tobi.
Because they are talking about Lucio and Winz, winz didn’t play Lucio until later, after the three team exchange. We are talking about how he thought Lucio was basically a non factor, but when he faced Lunatic Hai again, with the roster change and as Lucio, he lost to them 3-0. One of the notable reasons was he was unable to keep up with Lunatic Hai’s Tobi.
Different roster though, you know that right?
The maximum amount of players you can have is 12. The starting lineup will change. This should allow SHD to not lose every match up now.
But with Mercy gone then there’s a good chance that McCree will fall out of the meta, especially in KOTH. Probably only in maps where Pharmarcy is good, while Reaper is useful in even less situations.
Can’t wait to see Sayaplayer and AwesomeGuy join in these
[RIP](https://reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/7xaso9/_/du6vr29/?context=1)
His English is rough, he has communication issues with his team. I heard that they would tell him something and WhoRu would respond “ok” then do his own thing while trying to figure out what they said.
He is still there, dude is playing in 200 ping

Philadelphia wants their teams to have a Genji god that has experience with 200 ping.
I mean, he is also playing with 200 ping, kind of hard to stay consistent in those circumstances, and even then I wouldn’t call him inconsistent. He was always the star dps player of Lunatic Hai, shutting him and Miro down was GC Busan’s primary objective. He is constantly praised as one of the best Genji’s in the world, played in LAN and high stress environments such as APEX Finals.

All this while 16.
Whose God here?

Monte: I am.
I’m just quoting what OP said in the post.

I agree though, At highest level, I think it’s just better to watch pros play and see what works and not. Watch how they play, their thought process, the strats, etc.
>tactics, strats, tips, etc.
As others said, some people don’t really understand the meta or roles of the characters.

Winston creates space differently than either Orisa or Reinhardt, which can lead to some confusion on how to play around him. For Rein and Orisa, it’s straight forward, stand behind the shield and everything behind it is basically your territory and you move up by making the tank move forward.

Winston creates it very differently, since his shield and his mobility is very different than the others. While there are different styles to pay Winston, it generally is jumping in and creating space by dropping your barrier. Since the bubble is spherical, it creates an area where you and your team can dance around the bubble and use the chaos and disruption to kill something. His ultimate is also very different, but forces the team to loom at him. I remember in the past people made several posts on the main subreddit to buff his ultimate because it does not instantly end a fight like Earthshatter or Graviton could, but it’s purpose is to be a huge 1000 hp tank to force the enemy team to look at him.

Some people (especially in the ladder) still have this mentality that you need an anchor tank to push through the choke points rather than playing around a main tank that dives in. This is also because Winston’s shield goes down faster than either Orisa and Rein, but the team needs to play differently around Winston’s shield than either Rein or Orisa. Orisa and Rein play much more similarly to each other than either do with Winston so that’s may be the biggest reason for the confusion.

As others said, I advise you to stop watching that person.
Maybe he was talking about even earlier, The Korean scene was smaller and weaker than the Western scene at launch and many didn’t really pay attention to the Koreans. IIRC, some were invited to western tourneys later and that’s when some Koreans made their impression. Like Nanohana and Pine started making moves, and AwesomeGuy I think, in western tourneys before either APAC and APEX. By the end of 2016 Korean teams were surpassing them and cemented their dominance over the West by Apex Season 2 and in IEM.

APEX didn’t start until October of 2016, the scene has existed since the beta days. 
Not really, by Apex Season 4, Genji’s usage starting falling off since teams were learning how to counter it, Profit/Hooreg was most famous for Tracer/Soldier, though Genji can still work well.

It was because, at least in Korea, not only did Genji have to deal with double defensive ults from Lucio and Zenyatta, but Korean teams were getting better and better at zoning out a Genji when he ults. Everytime he ults, Lucio would boop him away while Dva and Winston collapsed on him.

Genji started coming back much stronger in OWL, maybe because Lucio was replaced by Mercy.
Sayaplayer is such a beast, it’s great he made it into OWL. 
I see, I was calling them Lucio specialist because playing Lucio was like 95% of what they did prior to the Mercy meta, which had them transition Lucio to Mercy as she replaced him, since her Rez and ultimate was stronger at peeling and keeping the team up then Lucio could.

I don’t see Moira being a better peeler than Lucio, and I don’t think she offers something as strong as either speed boost or Rez, I see her being played by the flex support.
No, what we saw was the Lucio specialist play Mercy, while the healer, well plays the other healers. There were few exceptions, but this is what it has been.

Most likely it’s going be the Lucio specialist (or Lucio/Mercy I should say) plus the healer, who will play Ana/Zen/Moira.
Is that really true? He was Rank 89 in Season 1 while being and was Grandmasters in Season 2.
Yeah it’s weird seeing AKM on this team considering the history of the players. And Envyus/Rogue rivalry was the best pre-OWL rivalry there was.
He did turn them down but maybe he changed his mind. Interesting he chose Mayhem though (based on the rumors) , they are a full EU and I can see big language barriers but who knows.
This was like two and a half months ago and they were constantly learning English, they took lessons every day since they play for London.

Edit: Also, it’s xQc we are talking about lol.
Rascal joining the team is pretty nuts too. I’m excited to see where this team is going.
I thought it was Taimou that talked about his brother, those two were going back and forth a while back.
It’s just that Fuel already has three dps and then they announce they are getting two more dps. I thought it was smarter to pick up another off tank but oh well.

I have a feeling either someone is leaving or roles are being changed.
Rascal’s Soldier is nuts too, and he also has a larger hero pool, dude can also play those niche heroes if the need arises.


Who knows how’s this roster will play out, Dallas has so much dps right now.
While London mostly runs GC Busan with Nus and Fury subbing in, I realized that the Kongdoo Panthera from Apex Season 3 going forward is no longer here. All of the members split up and it’s kinda sad.


That being said, at least Fissure and Rascal will be getting more playtime like they deserve.
Yeah, I remember pre OWL that I really wanted KDP in the League because they were so good, and when Cloud 9 bought them and then London I was excited. But then Void and Wakawaka didn’t make it in because of personal reasons, and now Rascal and Fissure leaving, I just realized that the legendary roster of Kongdoo Panthera does not exist no more :(.

I do hope that they find luck in their new teams though.
I think they might just want to give some players away since they are loaded with players and many won’t see much playtime. Rascal barely got playtime compared to Birdring and Profit. They get money from Fuel and have one less salary to pay.
xQc threw a game on Bastion one day for some reason and Rascal was in that match. That left Rascal a bad taste in his mouth and he unfriended xQc and reported him. Later on xQc found out and said that Rascal should apologize and that xQc would consider adding him if his team wouldn’t lose to shit tier teams (at the time it was preseason and London just lost to Gladiators).

This was not received nicely and xQc later admitted that he was actually joking around but realized that he was not in the position to joke around. He apologized in person to Rascal, with a translator with him.
His one condition is not to lose to shit teams lol. He was joking at the time apparently but he later realized he was not in the position to joke like that and apologized to him later.
That does make sense, though Harry plays Lucio so he’s gonna be on both line up/ most likely.
This is actually huge. Kinda sad that we never really saw Birdring/Rascal duo play too much but Birding/Profit is too good to pass up on.

Rascal has a pretty big hero pool, he should fit nicely in Dallas.
Late response but no problem. London Spitfire is a honestly a good choice too, the middle finger was just a miscommunication and Profit is a nice and goofy kid, he didn’t know the camera was on him. But Blizzard needed to punish him to show the League has rules.

Spitfire is an interesting team because it’s essentially two Korean super teams combined into one, allowing them to be innovated and incredibly unpredictable. Meshing the two teams can lead to some synergy problems, but their crazy run in the playoffs where they played 14 matches and defeated their opponents was just insane and shows their endurance and passion. The team is incredibly hot spirited and passionate, and they have the best dps duo in the league, Profit and Birdring (Birdring himself entered a new plane of dps in that match against NYXL, dude is nuts)
He watches the clip later and found out what happened and laughed about it.
Lol yeah they do, they browse this sub much more then any other forum. If you watch their stream or browse this sub a lot, you will see the occasional pro comment. But they do browse this sub, many of them when they stream go through this sub while waiting for a game once in a while.
Not only that, but tire lasts longer than Blade and forces the enemy team to give up a lot of space for a long time. A tire that gets no kills still has a lot of use.
Did they rage quit or something? Why were none of them there in the card screen. FU is rolling them.
Why do you think it’s going to be a tank meta? The most recent tournaments have dive meta as the strongest comp, in both BEAT and Contenders Trials for Korea. Dive even beat the tank comp on **Kings Row**. 

Since they are currently the highest level of play on this patch, it doesnt look like the next meta looks like it’s going to be tank meta but Lucio/Zen dive, the upcoming tank meta has been exaggerated.

If standard dive is coming back (which I feel it will), Seoul Dynasty is looking strong for next season, while Fuel needs to learn Dive.

One thing to note is that the smaller map pool of OWL allows for more specific map metas, but don’t be surprised if dive becomes the dominant meta.
You shouldn’t, so far none of the tournaments that play on the current patch had quad/triple tank as the dominant meta, except PIT which had a lot of Rein/Zarya.

We literally just watched Dive destroy Quad tank on Kings Row, which is supposed to be one of the better maps for that comp, in the Contenders trials for South Korea.

People are so quick to call triple tank when none of the aspects of Dive was changed, dva is still strong as ever, Lucio is back, Winston wasn’t changed and Zenyatta is still a strong pick.
When the team moves together as tightly packed unit, using Ana/Lucio (and recently, Moira) for healing. 

Typically it’s spearheaded by Rein, with the off tank being Zarya. DPS can be Soldier and Tracer, and occasionally Reaper or McCree, and now Junkrat may also join in on the fun. This is standard Deathball and it generally has the entire team move in a tight unit (Ana a bit further back) and force the enemy team to engage them.

Deathball also has triple or even Quad tanks, but it’s always Ana/Lucio or now Moira/Lucio. The strong healing allows the tanks to stay alive on the point and basically power through the fight.

This was the meta a year and a few months ago. It was eventually replaced by Dive starting in the spring of 2017. Its biggest drawbacks is that Dive can pick apart the members and they lack the mobility dive characters offer, who can easily jump in and out of the fight, as well as jump onto high ground.
Because a lot of people believed that the death of Mercy will higher the usage of Ana or Moira, when in reality it will just bring back Lucio, and since DVA and Winston have the mobility that other tanks lack, dive will become stronger.

In PIT Championships, there was a lot of Rein deathball, but in BEAT and now here it’s clear that dive is the prevalent meta, and I am pretty sure we will return to a Lucio/Zen meta. 

I am confident that Rein deathball or Triple/quad tank will only be viable in certain maps and sections of the map. Like it currently is.
I’ll answer it for you, I’m a huge NY XL and followed many of these players for over a year.

No one really tries anything to out of the box in this meta, Mercy is the go to healer and Ark is a god at it. Jjonak is the best Zenyatta in the league and his damage output is absolutely insane. Then we come to their tanks. MekO is an amazing off tank, his dva and Road is good, while his Zarya is decent. Janus and Mano are both good main tanks, but I’ll say Mano has the edge. Their dps is nuts, Libero has an enormous dps pool, though he mostly play projectiles for NYXl such as Pharah, Genji and Junkrat. Saebyelbe is mostly know for his Tracer and I’ll say he is one of the best tracers in the league. But his hitscan is amazing, his widow, McCree and Soldier is good. Let’s also not forget about his Roadhog. Then we have Pine, aka Big Boss. He can McCree and Widow (hitscan a that require flicking more than tracking) amazingly, the dude doesn’t believe in missing. His other heroes are good too. Let’s not forget Fl0w3r, who will ply for them next season.

Their best comp is Dive, but Anti-dive is also used by them.

Their teamwork is great, their core of is former LW Blue, pre - OWL, they were a Korean super team but always had health issues and org issues plaguing them. LW Blue consisted of players Saebyeolbe, Fl0w3r, Janus, MekO, Luna, Pine, and Gambler. Many of them have been playing together for over a year now, which means they have a lot of synergy. (There was also LW red their sister team, which had Ark.)

Adding Jjonak and Libero and Mano boosted the team a lot.

They are highly competitive and are like aiming to win the entire league and are a real solid squad. They are very nice people, especially Ark and Sawbyeolbe and their English is actually good. Their media team does their best to try to connect to NYC as much as they can, there is only so much they can do but they do their best trying to capture the urban feel. And as someone who lives in NYC, they ain’t doing bad. I know thy are Koreans but they are now our Koreans damnit.


They are also friends with a lot of the other league players. They are such a wholesome team.
The thing about the pasta is that it’s actually true, Kabaji is very educational focused and explains what he does. What made it a copypasta is that a while ago people were posting a lot of Kabaji posts and someone always said “this guy is educational and underrated” despite everyone knowing who he is.

Kabaji is a top 500 players that is very smart.
Most famous is Kings Row, which is actually one of the few maps that Rein and Zarya became a good comp even during dive meta. In PIT, they even ran Rein deathball in Hollywood and Nepal, while in BEAT they did not.
No that can’t happen, Ana and Zenyatta need a lot of peeling, a Lucio/Moira deathball and Lucio/Zen will just fly past and focus the supports super hard. 

There’s a big reason why it’s Lucio/Mercy as one support and Ana/Zenyatta/Moira as the other, Lucio and Mercy provide good peeling (Mercy has strong guaranteed healing and Rez while Lucio has boop and speed boost to get the other healer out of danger). Ana and Zen can’t peel for each other and will be wipe out every team fight.

This deathball will slow and cannot keep up with Lucio deathball or dive, except certain points.
Edit: Wait, I think you may be talking about Sombra lol, but I still feel the same way about Sombra. Sombra isn’t going to be here for Genji duty, since the upcoming meta doesn’t look too Genji friendly.

She will definitely see usage, but she won’t be on Genji duty, since the upcoming meta will be difficult for anyone but the very best Genji’s. Triple tank is bad for Genji, while Lucio-Zenyatta dive has Soldier and Tracer as the dps duo, not Tracer/Genji. This is because, Lucio is a counter to Genji, slippery as hell, Zen/Lucio has two ults that shut down Genji’s ult, giving limited openings for Genji to ult, while his boop can easily fuck up a Genji, especially in high levels of play. Meanwhile, with Mercy gone, Soldier will fair better as burst damage is not as important in Lucio/Zen dive, provides a good danger from a distance and stays near the Zen, dropping his healing station and help peel for Zenyatta with Lucio and dva. That’s typically how Lucio/Zen meta was played and how dive was played, Genji was being figured out in SK and only the best such as Haksal and Profit continued to use him. Watch Lunatic Hai vs GC Busan, two things GC Busan did to beat them, shut down Miro’s Winston and use Soldier/Tracer to completely nullify WhoRu, considered one of the best Genji’s in the world.

~~Moira is not gonna be used in dive too much, she isn’t fast enough to keep up. But in Triple tank she will be used, and Genji is not good against that in the first place, Moira will be there to heal and her countering Genji will be the icing on the top.~~
You answered your question yourself, it takes time to make these and edit these videos. They have to choose what play they want to break down, analyze what happens, then edit the video.

Look at all their videos and you will see it averages three weeks to make each vid.
Yep and OWL will have King’s Row in the map line up, which was, and probably will continue to be, Reinhardt and Zarya’s best map. And I feel both dive and Reinhardt based deathball will both be viable depending on the map. 
No problem. And yeah I remember the terms Anchor tank and how everyone was saying that Rein was OP and we need a second anchor tank. Blizzard team worked on it and released Orisa, but unfortunately for them, by the time they released her, Dive started taking off and Reinhardt’s usage fell like a rock.
Anchor healers is an interesting way to call them, first time I heard that. 

Anyways, in pro play, it was always the Lucio specialist plus the healer who played either Ana or Zenyatta, since Mercy was not in the meta for a long time. With the introduction of Mercy and Mercy/Zenyatta becoming the best healer duo, generally the Lucio specialist had to learn Mercy. So far it looks like it will be the Lucio/Mercy specialist plus the main healer who plays the other healers. This is because Mercy and Lucio are really good peelers compared the other healers, Ana and Zenyatta require a lot of peeling while Moira doesn’t really need it, she doesn’t peel was well as Lucio or Mercy.


Mercy plus Zenyatta may end up being a strong duo on certain maps, but with Mercy’s Valkyrie heavily nerfed, they will have weaker defensive ults compared to Zen/Lucio, while not having the offensive capability of Moira/Lucio or even Ana/Lucio. Who knows how it will play out in OWL where specific maps comps will come out.
I’ve been saying this for so long, and told that to everyone why there is only three non American cities. Europe doesn’t franchise sports either too, while South Korean investors were wary because of how Blizzard treated the Starcraft 2 scene.
Her hack is definitely stronger and more deadly. I’m just saying that her old usage is gone. Her biggest usage was basically having emp every team fight, she built it much faster than either Zen and Lucio, and using it to wipe out Zen, counter Lucio, or end a team fight. This might change since she doesn’t built emp as fast.

Her hack will be a bigger threat to Lucio and Pharah (Genji usage will fall, it was already falling in dive meta before because Zen-Lucio makes his life hell, and Moira will add to his pain. Only the best of the best Genji players will use him). Maybe her usage will get higher, who knows, this is all just my humble opinion.
Yeah, I’m just basing it on previous metas. It is worth noting that in OWL, due to the small map pool, map specific comps will arise. And many things will change, dva is not the same, her role in pre-OWL was more of a dm bot and being an ultimate peeler. Moira was introduced, Junkrat buffs and more.

Sombra will have to compete with Soldier since Soldier offers higher damage and a healing station that provides a good foundation for the back line. Tracer Sombra duo sounds cool though.

I’m not an analyst though, just my humble opinion.

Edit: Now that the Contenders Season Trials for Korea started, it so far looks like Dive is back and triple tank is still niche. 
So far, the modern dive of Winston-dva, with Lucio and Zenyatta as support and Soldier/Tracer as dps, is the most popular meta. However, Reinhardt death ball, as well as triple tank, is a viable comp with Moira and Lucio. On comps where deathball is prevalent, McCree shines, but standard dive he is out.

Pharmacy with dive can still work on some maps and I feel would be the only ones where Mercy will be played. 

Sombra buff? It’s more of a Sombra rework, especially in the pro scene. In the pro scene, she had a more of a support role and an emp bot. Her usage revolves around denying enemy healing stations (which dive heavily required because of the limited healing output of Zen and Lucio) as well as using the healing station for emp.

However, Blizzard heavily nerfed that aspect of her and this will heavily change how she will be used in Pro play. Watch Apex season 3 and 4 for great Sombra play, especially from Lunatic Hali’s Esca. She also started riding in popularity because she counters dva and Zenyatta, her hack makes dva a sitting duck and her emp (with how fast she builds them) can kill Zenyatta almost every fight and counter Lucio’s ult. Her usage dropped heavily in the Mercy meta I believe because Mercy is hard to hack and kill (slim hit box and passive healing) while enemy teams don’t really need to rely too much on healing stations with the strong healing output of Mercy. Plus mercy can easily Rez Zenyatta so Sombra can’t really bully him as much.


The Sombra changes aren’t even properly out on live so who knows how it will affect her usage. And tbh, I feel it might actually prevent her from achieving her usage from before. But who knows.
Yep. Zen and Lucio is the most common, but Moira and Lucio is also popular.
Looking at PIT and BEAT, it looked like both Quad tank and dive meta will be viable, with dive being more prevalent. Though BEAT had a lot more dive then PIT, PIT had maps that suit Quad tank like Horizon and Kings Row. 

So far Dive is still the most prevalent meta.
I hope so too. Plus if they have the playoffs the next day, not only do teams get more rest, but you can schedule the matches for better times for EU viewers too
Pretty sure yeah. IIRC the top 6 teams play, $1 million for the winner.
Spitfire also have to play the same amount today no?
I don’t know how J LUL K E started, but at this point it’s Twitch chat meme and people are just bandwagon on it. Just like Esca LUL
It wasn’t really 1v1s though. Eich was definitely a Jake winning on Tracer, but Jake plays a super defensive style, while Striker is much more aggressive. Jake cleans up as tracer, majority of his kills on Striker was when Stroker was already low. Anytime Jake needs to go on the aggressive he doesn’t do well. He’s not the type of Tracer like Striker is, you can’t send him in the back lines first and disrupt.

And after Eichenwald, his Tracer was almost a non factor.
We don’t even know if Triple tank will be that prevalent save for a couple of maps or points. BEAT was mostly dive, not Triple tank. And Junkrat doesn’t do well against dive with no Mercy or Triple tanks.

But who knows.
The script was leaked! /s
People forget that Houston is built off of FNRGFE, aka the corndoggies.
Yeah, I think the reason people were tilted Jake teabagging because he was really inconsistent on every hero this match other then Junkrat or Soldier. While his Pharah and Tracer were just meh. But it’s just Bm so meh lol.
Oh come on fuck Mercy
Neko should of not use Trans but oh well
Striker really good at forcing people to look at him
If they are going down, they might as well take Houston with them.
Now Valiant fans are going to switch to cheering for Boston.
And there goes Boston’s chances
The only nerf I really want for Junk is his ult charge rate.
Note finally killed
How does NotE do that holy shit
This map is everything for Boston. Valiant fans are switching to cheering for Houston here lol.
Yep, next map is all or nothing for Boston
PLS KILL NOTE PLS
This is hard for Boston, they need to win the map, not the series, to make it in. And as a Ny fan, Boston is looking to becoming a great and worthy opponent.
This is Houston’s strongest line up, but fuck Boston is strong. I wanna see them make he playoffs so NY can take them on and we can see how much they grew
Jake needs to step it up if they wanna win
DREAMKAZPER really stepped it up holy shit
Striker putting in so much pressure
DREAMKAZPER
For Boston to make it in, they need to not let Houston take any maps for now on. And Illios is going to be super strong for LinkZr, I’m scared for them.
Why makes it worse is that this is exactly how London lost to Houston on Anubis last time on the same point.
Miro is the pioneer of Winston play, he was a god at Winston, and back in 2017, considered THE best Winston, bar none.


As it comes with the greats, everyone, and I mean everyone, dissected how he played. And fast forward to today, everyone knows how Miro plays Winston (largely instinctual) and Miro needs to change it up or fall behind as tanks such as Gamsu, Gesture, Muma and more are adapting to newer styles.
Did NotE really not die?
You would think Houston would learn not to c9 after London did it to them last time lol.
Lol Rawkus was smart there
North America
GAMSU IS A BEAST
Boston fucked up big time
Jake fucked up by landing in there
Boston needs to essentially complete the map, doesn’t seem easy, houston is on fire.
If you told this sub that Houston vs Boston would be one of the most hype matches two months ago, they would laugh at you.
Oh yeah then that I agree. XQc shouldn’t be removed from Fuel, the dude is a good main tank player. 
Holy shit that describes it perfectly lol.
Correct me if I’m wrong, but wasn’t this already a popular comp since the beginning of Stage 1, and actually in preseason? Outlaws uses it the most because Jake has a phenomenal Junk and Linkzr has a phenomenal Widow, but I have seen this como for a while now.
I saw a lot of people criticizing Gesture for his use of Earthshatter (or lack of) but NYXL simply never gave him an opening to use one. He ended up using it in overtime cause fuck it, it’s now or never.

And tbh, woohyal didn’t really have too much of an impact using Zarya, but then again NYXL gave him no charge to work with.
A lot of people are criticizing the Earthshatter? Come on, NYXL didn’t give Gesture a single opening to use it.
Tank heavy? Lol it’s just two tanks.
NY was playing with fire on that payload wow
During the Fusion Uprising match, in Illios, Gamsu dived Carpe who was widow, as Winston, and Neptuno came to heal and saved him. And after Carpe was all healed up, he pulled out his fucking gun and started shooting Gamsu. 

I was laughing so hard seeing that lmao.
[Yeah no.](https://reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/7wmjer/_/du1q6lt/?context=1)

He asked for underage girl nudes, here he’s asking for a 14 year old. He tried extorting girls for money. He’s racist. He throws and is a terrible person in comms.

The ban definitely should not lifted.
That was not the criticism, you know that right? The criticism was not just for them too, it was for a bunch of teams, including Philadelphia Fusion, London Spitfire, and Houston Outlaws.

>	Dallas needs to stick to 1 lineup and not change ppl put

That’s not what they meant, they told Dallas to stick to a core and sub around that, which is exactly what thus started doing. And lo and behold they started winning (though it was not their only problem). This was also a problem other teams had, for example, most notably Houston as well. Houston kept subbing out and switching out their players for no reason, and eventually decided to stick to a core of: Jake, Linkzr, Muma, Coolmatt, Rawkus and Boink/Bani. That’s their starting core and train the most. And they also ended up going from a weaker to team to being a top 3 team.

London is different because they have two team inside of them with high synergy, basically KDP and GC Busan, so they have the luxury of having two cores. Though they seem to build around Profit and Birdring as their duo.

Seoul is now having that problem, where they are subbing people out too much. And they are falling like a rock, as teams with solid cores such as Valiant, Outlaws, NY XL, and Spitfire pass them.


>	I heard this mroe towards the beginning of stage 1 when they were subbing custa In

Dude, in the beginning, they aren’t just subbing Custa in. They were rotating through everyone, subbing out every map. Subbing out Cocco, Mickie, Taimou, HarryHook, Chipshajen and more. There was no core to build around and it weakens their synergy. Dallas realized that though, and it looks like they will have a solid core of classic EnvyUs and build around that.


The criticism was not just the commenters or stylist, it was from other pro players and coaches too. And Dallas realized this and are actually building up their core.
Got a good score, didn’t get Space, fiveking, spree, Snow, Zebbosai and Snillo. Also couldn’t fucking spell Mendokusaii.

Could never forget Avast because of his Twitter lol. And for some reason I can easily remember all of Shock. 
Yes xQc has played with them already, but he was suspended pretty early during stage 1, pretty sure it was after their 4th match. He played a couple matches in stage 1 and in the preseason. He has a completely different style of Winston from Cocco, he will get play time. 

And I have not seen a single person say you can’t sub, that’s factually wrong lol.
Tairong is such a good coach, didn’t he also coach the 2016 South Korea team? The players of the team, however, also need credit since they are the ones that stepped up to the task. But Tairong is a great addition to Houston.

Houston and Boston are the two teams that impressed me the most in terms of how much they improved. Makes their match up so much more exciting.
Houston is looking real strong right now and they have zero Koreans. And yeah, many teams are half Korean but their western teammates are able to keep up. DreamKapzer, Unkoe, Soon, Silkthread, Agilities, and more are able to keep up with their Korean team mates.
Apparently he can also play off tanks too though. Maybe they’ll make him grind his off tanks.
That ui changed when iOS 10, so Huk must of not updated since 2016. And the iMessages get lighter the higher they are on the screen, not stay a constant color.

This image just looks weird.
I mean, if you researched it a little bit, then you would know that Japan brutalized China and Korea. They also controlled conquered Korea for a long time and Hiroshima technically liberated them.


Still, that was a tasteless joke.
He had fucking Primal wtf man
That was such a clean attack wow
And now no Mercy to Rez, especially since he still build tire up super strong, he might be very useful.
KappaPride, LinkZrs girl better watch out
Swag daddy dreamkapzer lol
All these Lucio specialists are gonna be unleashed next stage
Pretty good aim for a fish

Lmao
Each stage has playoffs where the top 3 teams go against each other. Second goes against third place and the winner goes against the 1st seeded team (based on match wins and map differentials). Winner gets 100k and second gets 25k
Fucking Neptuno coming in with his blaster lol
SDB Tracer is still so weird to watch.
Birdring and Profit too.
The dude above me was talking about twitch viewers, he said if the observing is better than more people would tune in. I basically responded saying, of course they will have low views on twitch, most of their users (twitch users), which are NA and EU, are asleep when a Korean tournament was on. 


And yeah, I fucking know that the Korean tournament had its own Korean channel and was marketed for Koreans. Duh.
No lol it’s Sado, apparently he was a known for his Winston as well, nicknamed as “Black Miro” in South Korea. Unfortunately, he also ran a boosting service and Philadelphia had to punish him, suspending him till stage 4.
They have one but he’s benched till stage 4
Some good matches today.
While I agree that this sub has rose tinted glasses looking at Apex, APEX matches were mostly late night or early morning for NA viewers, which probably hurt their viewship, plus the fact they are Korean. As much as this sub loves Koreans, a majority of us don’t follow their scene.
Struggled for a bit? In Season 3 they lost one match lmao (same in season 2). They always lost in the second group stage but came back in loser bracket. And in Season 4 they performed their worst, where they lost to mvp space and twice to GC Busan and this is their latest Apex tournament results. While Valiant is half Korean, the western players on that team did just as much and let’s not forget Houston gave them a run for their money while missing Linkzr and subbing in Clockwork last minute. Seoul pulled out on the last map on there last round of the tie breaker

I do fully expect them to bounce back stronger though, especially in stage 2 when the meta may swing in their favor. But they have to adapt faster since competition is tough.

Edit: Not their latest, almost forgot about Seoul Cup.
Would be nice if the app actually works, can’t open the damn thing, it always instantly crashes since the last update.
It has to be devastating, especially since these guys are super competitive. Coming in being called the best of the West, the best team to take on the Korean rosters, only to severely underperform. And watching other teams grow immensely, and all those fans you have behind you. Fuck, I don’t think I can handle it but I am sure they can pull through.
Yep, maybe I am giving Horcury too much credit, Changoon is also a smart person
Yep, it’s interesting. Horcury is a very smart coach, but I don’t know exactly what has been happening to Seoul right now. He was the guy that lead GC Busan to go flawlessly against Lunatic Hai twice and Kongdoo Panthera, and beat Runaway twice, second time at APAC 4-1.
I mean, he definitely is. He’s better at stalling points than payloads. You guys realize that Lucio is definitely not a new character to pro players, I don’t know about you guys but I’ve been watching pro Overwatch for nearly a year now and Lucio is decent at stalling.

Lucio used to be a staple until Valkyrie was introduced and Mercy displaced Lucio in pro play. But most pro teams thought Mercy was going to be nerfed quickly and Lucio to come back, which is why every team has a Lucio specialist (Lucio was in himself a role because of how long he was in the meta).
As I said in another comment, teams adapting definitely has a huge part. He mentions APEX S4, but that’s exactly the season where Horcury, the coach for GC Busan, said he analyzed Miro’s Winston heavily, read him like a book, and used that knowledge to allow GC Busan to shut down Miro, while teaching Gesture to not be as instinctual as Miro and to play Winston differently.

Coaches have all studied Miro heavily by now, he pioneered how Winston’s play today. He needs to adapt, I don’t want to see the old king of Winston to go down like this.
But it also has to do something with players catching up and analyzing his play style. In APEX S4, GC Busan Old coach , Horcury, said they analyzed Miro’s play the most and taught his team how Miro plays, who is a very instinctual. They shut him down mostly during their matches and is how they defeated LH 6-0 (technically now 10-0 since London ran the GC Busan squad against them)
Winston primal Rage and DVA last far longer than any other tank though. Seoul Dynasty are usually very, very good at stalling but they seem disjointed today (doom fist and especially Mei are good stallers). 

It’s just that, imagine choosing any other tank. Rein, Orisa or Zarya will die almost instantly, while hog a few seconds. At least Primal Rage can last quite a bit, and his jump is real good at jumping off, getting a health pack and coming back quickly.

And the next meta is most likely just more dive with some triple/quad tank in a few maps
Houston has London and Boston to go against, if they somehow beat both (difficult) then they can pass Valiant based on map differential.
Lucio stall tactics is fine and all, but he is way, way too squishy when focused fire, especially on small targets.

Most likely we will return to the old dive, with Lucio/Zenyatta, as well Soldier/Tracer pushing out Genji and Tracer. (If BEAT and Pit tournaments are anything to go by) Triple and Quad tank may be played on certain maps, with Moira/Ana and Lucio.

Lucio stall tactics is meh against this level. 
Every other tank with the exception of DVA is going to be blown up. Maybe Roadhog but he’s way too slow for stalling, Primal rage is one of the best ways to stall, and at this level of play, one of the only ways.
I don’t know what is up with Seoul, they have really good coaches and a great squad. They were coming in swinging at the beginning of the season but are falling off now, right as NYXL and Spitfire are picking up steam. And now the playoffs have been broken wide open.
JUST HACK THE MERCY LOOOOLLL 4HEAD
Stage 2, the return of the boop god.
I have no idea, but Houston has to go through Boston and London, while if Valiant beats Seoul all they have to beat now is Shanghai, and if they are smart, win it 4-0. 

London and Boston are tough opponents.
It’s so weird reading this since I’m so used to Miro being THE Winston but yeah. He needs to stop being so instinctual and change up his style because more and more people are learning how to play against him.
Poor Envy tried to protect Unkoe just for him to peek a widow
I thought he was at least known as a good projectile player
Holy shit that pick on Agilities
Wekeed wasn’t  in it in the beginning too, great play by Agilities.
Shit for some reason I thought it was Jehong 
Damn, Jehong Trans didn’t cover everyone
Lmao Zunba got a bit carried away there
Yeah, the Korean teams alone I believe are higher tier than the best APEX teams (considering they are the same teams but upgraded so they should be). Adding in the fact that many other teams can and do take wins against them, Uprising, Houston and Fusion (the most wildly inconsistent one) are super strong. LA Valiant just needs to iron out their kinks. But I feel that a lot of these teams are strong and I hope the weaker teams get stronger over time.


D R A G BibleThump N S
Lol, after Doa said “Seagull got back in his mech” you can hear Monte say in the background in a disappointing voice “Mickieeee”
1 hour 1 map, but finally
Cmon Fuel NotLikeThis
There we go that’s what it is.

[And heres more details on the trademark on Naruto.](https://trademarks.justia.com/781/77/naruto-78177865.html) Just in case anyone is curious.
The same reason Koreans join western teams, even though they have to learn English.

While Shanghai Dragons is a bit more complicated since she has to learn Chinese and English, but she probably saw the opportunity and took it.
Pretty sure Naruto is a type of food (it’s where the creator probably got the name from), a lot of these anime characters are named after normal everyday things. Such as the character in the same series name Kakashi, whose name is just scarecrow in Japanese.

So I’m not sure how trademarking those names works.
I remember people being angry about it, especially the time when he tweeted instead of shaking hands.

But they got over it real fast. The thing with Babybay is that it’s something that occurs right now, people will probably forget about it once he starts shaking hands standing up.
I remember someone saying that WhoRu didn’t really understand what his team were saying, so when the tell him to do something, he was like “ok”, then went and did his own thing while processing what they told him.

I look forward to watching this team grow.
To be honest, I don’t think a majority of this sub actually watches or follows the Korean scene much (a decent chunk does but less then you would think). You had to be really successful there for people here to notice you, e.g Lunatic Hai or Kongdoo Panthera. Less people here knew about Gamsu than you would think.

Thankfully more and more are knowing how good these players really are and Boston is making a name for themselves.
Don’t remind me of Paragon BibleThump.
Kungarna lost fights they should of won those fights, looking real sloppy.
He had zero knowledge on the pro play, but thought that playing the generic video essay music makes up for it. Like at least fucking research why Mercy is in the meta and Sombra is not. The meta before had a Sombra in it for a bunch of maps (Anubis and Volksaya were two great ones), it’s not like Sombra was a new fucking character to them. 

And the fact he actually brings up just focus Nd shoot the Mercy. And the absurdity that he felt that he is the brilliant man to tell this “new” information and strat to professional players and teams. Does he even know that a lot of these teams have several coaches and assistant coaches whose job is to break down the game and analyze it for hours? That one of the pillars of Dive meta is to single someone out and collapse on them? That McCree and Soldier just popping an ultimate randomly can be killed and a counter to their ults is simply hiding behind something?

xQc only began scratching the surface on how absurd the video was. Like, at least research professional play if you are going to bring it up constantly.
Peeling is when you saves your teammate from incoming damage, or mitigates it. For example, a Soldier sees a Zenyatta and shoots him, but D.VA uses her Defense Matrix and blocks all incoming damage. 

Some characters are very good at peeling, such as Lucio or D.VA. Some characters have some self peeling, such as Zarya’s self bubble or Soldier’s healing station, while Zenyatta and McCree have poor self peeling.
That Mercy video had the guy rant a lot but ultimately had no substance. And the guy doesn’t watch any pro play, even for research. Saying things as absurd as “Pro players need to stop caring about stats and care about objectives and teamwork “. Yeah, people paid $20 million dollars and are competing for a prize pool in the millions got players just to play team death match. Fucking ridiculous.
I’ve managed to watch this video, but this guy has zero knowledge of the pro scene. I think the worst parts were where he keeps insisting that pro players and teams just need to develop better ways to counter Mercy. Like, what the fuck. The best players in the world, equipped with the best coaches the world has, paid thousands of dollars for tournaments steam in front of hundreds of thousands, for a prize pool in the fucking millions, couldn’t figure it out. You don’t think that it was on their fucking list? You don’t think that they tried Sombra? Fun fact, Sombra was in the meta before this one, but she got pushed out. If you bothered to actually break down profesional play, then you will see that Mercy is protected very well and she doesn’t need it much honestly. Killing a Mercy allows teams to commit to a push since killing anyone else doesn’t. Teamwork is highly valued in pro play. I remember the breakdown of LA Gladiators vs Shanghai Dragons and showed why Dive is so strong (Dive is relies heavily on teamwork.)

I could go on and on, but this guy rants a lot but ultimately has very little substance. No wonder he deleted the video.
I wasn’t confident in Boston originally but damn people like running their mouths on something they don’t know much about.
He wants Zenyatta nerfed because he does not believe that a Support should be able to output as much damage as him. 

Many disagree with him because most people think Zenyatta is very balanced at the moment, but fits well in the meta.
If we gonna mention them, might as well mention the new KDP roster that Element Mystic went against twice and lost twice. And also X-6 Gaming.
Why the fuck are you doing Seoul
I mean they were not on the same level as the top Korean teams during Season 2 or 3. They got 4-0 by both KDP and Afreeca Frees Blue.
I don’t see how’s that relevant, since the dps duo now has completely different tanks and supports behind them. If they have Poko go against Fuel, you will have a hyper aggressive dive that FaZe didn’t do.

That’s being said, Fusion is wildly inconsistent. 
Yeah DVAs do it all the time. Back in APEX, it was standard for Dva and Lucio to boop an ulting Genji, which was why his usage dropped. I remember in Lunatic Hai vs GC Busan, on Eichenwald, GC Busan knew the exact angle that Miro was going to jump in at the bridge and used DVA to boop him off and killing him. Coolmatt is not the only DVA to do this.
I highly doubt it since this and the main subreddit took the change overwhelmingly positive. But who knows.
But he’s talking about triple tank/ quad tank meta and if that takes full hold, you will literally only be playing half the cast. I also play a lot of tank and support, and I feel that it’s funnier when there are two dps to protect and heal over three or four tanks, my tanking/healing feel much more important because I fuck up they might die quickly. The past meta was awful for healers because a spot was always reserved for Mercy. But it was great for tanks and dps.
Yeah I said that in the past so many times. I do understand there is some concepts that carry over such a cool down management and the concept of tanking (which doesn’t really exist in pure FPS). But even ranking is very different in MOBAs and Overwatch, tanks there take a shit ton of damage while ours require shields or they feed ultimates.

Overwatch doesn’t have side objectives, towers, minions, items, power scaling cost, “mana/energy/etc” abilities, in game economies, buffs, lanes, hero banning, no hero switching, etc.

But people still call it an FPS/MOBA hybrid despite being like 10% MOBA. It’s a class based team shooter.
Yeah I’m pretty sure in like a two or three months we will all be bitching about it. And later we will see comments like “I hate seeing all these tanks etc etc”. 
**HOUSTON OUTLAWS BRAGGING ABOUT THEIR 4-0s IS JUST LIKE MASTERS BRAGGING ABOUT SIX STACKING AGAINST DIAMONDS. BUT NOW YALL THINK 4-0 DRAGONS AND MAYHEM MEANS YOU CAN 4-0 DYNASTY LMFAO. ENJOY YOUR 4-0 AGAINST SHOCK SO YOU WILL FINALLY BE PUT IN YOUR PLACE BY DYNASTY**
Jehong himself confirmed that’s never was a rule on twitch a while back. IIRC, he actually started to get pissed off because people kept asking how he was talking with three players and that’s when Jehong types in chat in Korean “Someone tell them that’s not true before they piss me off”

Though you are right, only the Koreans seem to three stack.
Like you said, comparing Zen and Ana is kind of difficult. Zenyatta also has the most square and easiest hit box of all the healers. Tracer can just delete a Zen very quickly if she gets the drop on him. And Ana also has a healing grenade, but of course it’s on a long cool down and can be baited out. But Zenyatta is very easy to one clip if he doesn’t pay attention. Both healers require peelers.

But Zenyatta can also heal through shields and also has a very good defensive ultimate.
From what I read, just because you are on Fusion’s academy team doesn’t mean you can’t be picked up by someone else. It is possible that Dynasty might poach him, but it is still most likely gonna stay with Fusion.
Very late but oh well.


If you have been following the pro scene for a while, then you will realize that Mercy does not actually affect Ana’s usage in these tournaments a lot, she is displaced by Zenyatta. While Mercy did put the nail in her coffin, Ana’s usage was already dropping sharply before Mercy’s Valkyrie was introduced, the Lucio/Ana meta was replaced by Lucio/Zenyatta.

Following Mercy nerfs, and assuming dive returns to become a even stronger meta than it is now, you will only see Ryujehong’s Ana sparingly. Though you will have the pleasure of watching Tobi, aka the boop god, play Lucio.
It was very limited marketing and there is this blog post shared on this subreddit where EPIc themselves said they will not market the game and have it spread by word of mouth in 2017.

I thought they would of used Fortnite BR to bring attention to the game but I guess that’s too easy and implies that Epic cared about Paragon. They never did.
Gigantic is not a MOBA. People have been shitting on Paragon because it became to casual and fast paced, Gigantic is much more fast paced. It doesn’t have minions. jungles, lanes,m etc etc. Smite is the closest thing to Paragon and it doesn’t feel right.
[The lies and incompetence started way before Fortnite Br too.](https://blog.eu.playstation.com/2017/02/03/epic-games-outlines-whats-coming-for-its-ps4-moba-paragon-in-2017/)

Look at all the shit they promised in 2017 alone. Fortnite put the nail in its coffin, but EPIC lies to us for so long. Sharing stuff like Boris when they knew it will never happen.
Honestly, they handle Fortnite BR beautifully. But Bur most people on that sub treat EPIC like they are one of the best companies and they treat all their games like that, as if Paragon, Unreal Tournament or even Fortnite PvE never existed. What bewilders me is that when Hi-Rez does the same thing (cancel a game for a new one) people hate them. But Epic does the same thing and the people on that sub say “Tough luck”. It’s kind of infuriating.
>Care is why this game and any you make will be successful 

They handle Fortnite Br wonderfully. But how can you say this after how they handled their other games? Paragon, Fortnite PvE and Unreal Tournament were all left to die.
They are definitely stronger than people original thought. But their 4-0s before today was against Dragons, Fuel, and Mayhem. Their Gladiators match did show they are stronger, but let’s see them go against some stronger teams such as another Korean team.

I fully expect them to 4-0 shock.
I’m sorry, but watching this showed me you don’t have a deep (or any) understanding of what the meta is or these characters. It sounds like you are basing these choices off quick play matches, and I don’t know exactly what you are ranking the heroes in.

You say things like 

>Mercy was in virtually every meta since release 

No, no she wasn’t, she was quickly replaced by Lucio/Zenyatta during season 2, then Lucio/ Ana during triple tank and beyblade, then Lucio/Zen during dive. It was only when Valkyrie was introduced that she became a staple again.

>Rein fell slightly off due to Orisa

No, he fell like rock due to the dive meta, Orisa only had a sharp rise recently. Cmon bruh.

Most of your list consisted of you reading what they looked like and what they do, not any reason why or how they are played. You could of said Winston’s and DVAs peeling and mobility (especially vertical movement) is why made them valuable, DVAs burst damage too. Tracer isn’t poke like Genji, while she can poke, the best tracers look to get a pick. Lucio was picked because of his defensive ultimate and being one of the best peelers in the game. Zen because he has huge pick potential, shit ton of damage as well as a super strong ultimate.

Etc etc.
>In essence, never have to do any reworks or rekits

I hate to be that guy. But that’s something that naturally happens in these games. As characters get added and more items, sometimes a characters ability or design may not be as useful as we thought. 

Reworking characters happened in DoTa 2, Smite, LoL, Overwatch, Paladins, etc. These are professionals that worked on their games for years. We have to accept that eventually a character has to be reworked, we can’t predict how they will interact with future characters.
The original post said that it should be ready for play testing in mid/late 2018 and started work on it when they heard Paragon was going to shut down, which they claim to have receive that info a few months before it actually happened. 

Yet they can’t bother to post any pics. [They also posted this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/paragon/comments/7t9j9y/comment/dtb2t9x?st=JCXH771D&sh=739bdf7c) You guys seriously have nothing? Not even some concept art? We aren’t asking for a playable demo, we wanna see at least some proof that you did *something*.

Now the concept of the community creating a 3D moba heavily inspired by Paragon isn’t impossible. But I really hope these guys are serious or at least does get the community started on something. Because having EPIC make the game go open source or selling the IP to another company is not going to happen.
Both LoL and DoTa 2 are much, much more popular and the main thing keeping HOTS up float is Blizzard being behind the game. Everything about the two games are much more massive then HoTs and they both host tournaments and an esport scene much larger than HOTS ever did (League of Legends World Championship gets more viewers than the NBA Finals, DoTa 2’s International also gets a shit ton of views).
Yeah I don’t know what the fuck this guys is smoking, you aren’t going to crowdfund enough money to buy the fucking IP from Epic. It’s more likely you can fund a clone or a similar game but that’s also a long shot. 
Neither Gigantic or Paladins are comparable games because neither are MOBAs. I know people here like to shit on Paragon for not being a “pure” MOBA because they are faster paced, but Paragon has minions, towers, side objectives, Jungle, lanes, scaling, items (cards), gold based economy, mana abilities, and the end goal of destroying the enemy base by going through the lanes that are guarded by towers. Only one comparable is Smite.
As for as I’m understanding, they are not straight up copy and pasting Paragon. Most likely they are creating their own 3-D MOBA inspired (heavily) by Paragon. The characters would probably have similar abilities/mechanics but look different. And most likely they would end up with a different map than Legacy, Monolith or Monolith 2.0. It doesn’t look like they will carry over certain mechanics of the game (like the card system they are hinting at items instead). As long as they differentiate themselves enough, Epic would have a difficult problem suing them. Epic doesn’t complete own the MOBA genre and they can’t copyright abilities and such.

This is all assuming this ain’t a huge troll post of course.
I love APEX, but these people saying there weren’t as much blow outs, most likely only watched the Stronger Korean teams as well as the occasional western one.

And of course whenever people mention the Grand finals or other play off matches are more exciting, duh, it’s the regular season of OWL, I’m sure the play offs will be amazing.
Rip my predictions for week 3 lmao
Lol I’m a NY fan but fuck it’s makes these matches so much enjoyable. Everyone though the Koreans were an unstoppable force, but the gap is closing fast and damn it makes for exciting matches 
T H E   G A P  I S  C L O S I N G
I NEED AN ADULT
THE GAP IS CLOSING
Holy shit shadowburn
Almost, it wasn’t so absolute that Seoul is number 1, because we were basing it on pure paper and past results, then it looked like the top three teams in any order is the Korean teams and Dallas at 4, though a couple thought they can place higher than NYXL.
Old GC Busan had the coach Horcury, which was the mastermind behind tearing the top Korean teams apart and analyzing them. And he now is with Seoul Dynasty, not Spitfire. People mention Dynasty roster, which is scary af. But they having Horcury and Alwaysoov on the same side is just as scary, probably even more so.
Dallas being 3-4, Miami higher than both LAs, London being the strongest Korean team and Dragons not last. Lol this sub is mostly terrible at predicting teams strength, including me.


Edit: Oh wow, I meant to reply to [this lol.](https://reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/7t0ql2/_/dt8xkh0/?context=1)
London is definitely the weakest of the Korean teams but has a really good roster. But Boston played out of their minds and beating them is not something to be put down.
ABSOLUTE MADMEN, THEY DID IT
Pixar would never do that, all their stories uses characters they designed and created themselves. Their stories, while can have sources of inspiration, are original stories by them. Blizzard would have a better chance collaborating with Disney (and negotiating with Micky is not easy) or another animation studio.
First time Symmetra was in OWL
GOOSE ON THE LOOSE
Here’s exactly what is says:


 # OWL2018 # FightingForGlory 

Going to encounter one of the strongest opponents @SeoulDynasty on Wednesday. Looking forward to a watchable game!

Watch it live on: twitch.tv/overwatchleague 
People here mentioned Runaway and Element Mystic a lot and I do agree with those statements (Especially Runaway). However, I would also add in X-6 Gaming, as well as the new Kongdoo Panthera roster. Both of these teams placed higher in the Nexus Cup than either Runaway or EM (EM beats SK team once, everyone calls them tier 1, KDP beats EM twice and no one bats an eye)
Speaking of the Nexus Cup, no mention of X-6 gaming in the comment above or new KDP roster, even though they performed better than both Runaway or Element Mystic. I believe they deserve a mention as well if we are going to list Korean teams.
She shoots an orb that does 200 damage at most every 10 seconds (and thats if she doesn’t shoot a healing orb) her insta lock is blocked by shields and does low damage (50 dps is not a lot, Winston does more dps). Her ultimate is pretty good and can’t be blocked except by terrain, but it shouldn’t be enough to turn the tides. Those numbers aren’t high, at all, a good Zenyatta can deal more damage than her. Honestly, a Moira with a good team is not going to our damage either her off tanks or her dps, they output much more damage than she does. Her damage is going to be easily healed up.

I’m not saying that medals are the end all, but if your Moira is doing gold damage, there is something wrong going on. When team fights happen, your dps and offtanks are going to clean up and deal the most damage, not Moira. If you are winning that’s great, but that’s has more to do with the enemy team performing very poorly.
Fuck the stinger in the older battlefields. Only so much you can do as a heli when 15 players on the other team have one equipped.
Esports is a relatively unregulated industry, but luckily they are taking steps to fix this. I know that the OWL not only offers stable salaries starting at 50k a year, as well as mental and physical coaches, as well as classes to help them in life beyond their esport carriers. 

But many of the smaller organizations in this industry are known to be shady, and I know a bunch of stories in the Overwatch scene where there were fishy practices. 

But the industry is trying to move forward.
That’s also a good point. But for short distances, then yeah Moira’s fade is better than Mercy’s GA, plus it doesn’t depend on teammates and makes her invincible. But it’s also on a longer cool down, and Mercy’s ult undeniably gives her the best mobility in the game, she can move freely in any direction.
Yeah she does feel better. Though the meta is not in her favor right now, and people are still not used to her, I’ve seen more good Widowmakers in console than Ana’s. But as time go as people will get better. Moira plus Ana is just so much healing, or Moira and Lucio is a good combo.
Her healing is stronger. Mercy does 60 hps, she is 80. This is also without her orb. What makes Mercy a stronger pick is her res and also the fact that her ultimate lasts twice as long as Moira, as well as being much, much more mobile. But thank god Moira came out, I feel she will be a strong pick on console, since Ana is not.
Man I’ve had a Rein get angry at me for not saving my trans just to save his stupid ass for diving into the enemy team. He told his buddies to report me. Just pick Winston if you want to dive them for fucks sake.
Exactly. Before OWL started, the biggest complaint was that people were afraid that the best teams, especially Korean teams, wouldn’t get in. But a bunch did and people still complain. I do kinda understand their frustration with London, sure it’s the only EU team, and I do think they need to try harder on trying to connect with the local audience, but they do have plans. And if you want to support a team that’s majority EU, Fuel and Mayhem are options.

I am from NY and I was really happy we got the roster we did. Some people were hesitant, but to be honest New Yorkers are more chill about this than the Londoners are and NYXL is a great team with lots of personality. I think London needs to show off their players more. Twitch chat spamming “Korean Spitfire” and “Where is London in Korea” is annoying, imagine going to a Yankees game and all you here is “Where is NYC in Dominican Republic” and “Dominican Yankees”.

There was this popular comment I read here that said something along the lines *”When people say Koreans aren’t relatable as western, it’s another way to me as saying they aren’t white”*.
IminamadHouse: LA Valiant and Former Rogue players

That’s another one that came to my head
If I had to take a guess it’s because on Android there is a lot more competition. Here there is just Apollo, official Reddit app, Narwhale, baconreadder and small one called beam. While Android has twice that much, many popular. I hope Slide and Apollo drive up competition.
Yeah it is. Just some small nitpicking here and there. Some subreddits I browse have some important information in the sidebars and Apollo is kinda of funky handling them. I also miss tagging people lol. But it’s still a good app. Also, Slide is coming to iOS and I’m really curious what he will do since that app was featured packed.
Eh, I feel that there are some small niche things Android apps do that Apollo doesn’t, such as they handle formatting better, more customization, more information dense, you can tag people, and post for free. I still think Reddit Sync is the best Reddit app by far, but Apollo is still good.
Hopefully they can but it’s not an easy thing to do. 
There are going to be people that prefer third person and some that prefer first person. I personally feel first person is better but I can see why people prefer third person. All we can do is wait and see what direction Blizzard will take the spectating system in.
If it was an success then Blizzard would of kept it. If it was objectively superior then there would be threads and large amounts of complaints about the current system and people would of praised Blizzard for Contenders.

But none of that happened. There is no “I personally think” when it comes to this. Blizzard tried and it failed, they stopped doing it, that’s the reality of the situation. And here we are, arguing about it on a thread with two upvotes.

The reality of the situation is that the current system is fine. Overwatch League has exceeded well beyond what Blizzard and they won’t change the system. There are very little complaints about it having third person and until there are, Blizzard won’t budge.
And this is a new era and I’m not saying we can’t learn from them but there are fundamental differences between the two.

And how many times must it be repeated that Blizzard tried using third person and it **failed**. There virtually no complaints to the current system, especially to compared to Contenders. Blizzard stopped for a reason. Maybe they’ll return to it but so far OWL is going above their expectations.
The fact that Blizzard abandones their old style shows that third person doesn’t work. But what do they know...
Honestly I should give up. He just ignores our points and keeps going back to the NBA or NFL. And in the end if the day, there were much much more complaints when they tried third person more then first person, OWL is going to stay relatively the same m.
I was using one to show how useless they are.  We don’t know how long new viewers stay, but so far first person cams has not hindered its success, it started off way above expectations. And stop comparing it to physical sports, this is not one.
I don’t know why you are using personal opinions and anecdotes as fact. But Overwatch so far is doing fine, each match over 100k viewers, the main subreddit is also completely fine with it. 

There have been large watch parties that enjoyed it, and hundreds of thousands of viewers. Unless OWL starts dropping severely and a lot of people complain because it’s hard to follow because of first person cam, then they will change. But a small anecdote doesn’t mean much, I watched with new viewers that never watched esports before and they greatly enjoy it.

When they use third person cams, there was 1000x more complaints. I don’t see Blizzard changing it any time soon
Exactly. Some of the best moments in Overwatch Esports were captured in first person, a Widomaker getting insane shots, an Ana keeping people alive and sleep darts, a Tracer landing a triple man pulse bomb, a D.VA eating a grav, etc etc. Third person shots won't do these moments justice.


There is a clear reason IMO why there are no cams on the helmets, the skill and focal point of sports are not the same as Overwatch. In ball sports, the action is almost always on the ball, there is little reason to look away from it. People can gauge the skill of player by how they handle the ball, how far they throw/kick/ hit it and their technique in how they do it. For sports like gymnastics, swimming, fencing, etc, its all about technique, something we need to see in third person. Overwatch doesn't work that way, it is a first person shooter, and the way gauge and truly appreciate the skill in the game is by watching their movements in first person. Plus, there is no true focal point in the game, yes, sometimes there is a big team fight on the point, it will capture the action well, but Overwatch is too chaotic to handle like a traditional sport. There is no single focal point, there are often one v one's very far apart, tracer flanking, Zenyatta and Ana staying away from the fray, etc. 

You cannot compare traditional sports and Overwatch for this reason. The fundamental skill at the game is in mechanical aim, it matters just as much as positional awareness and game sense. And to truly appreciate that, first person cams must be implemented.

(Copied and pasted this from another comment but it applies here.)
Here’s my view on it.

The problem with this is that Overwatch is an fps, not a MOBA, Contenders already tried third person usage and was heavily critisized because it doesn't capture the action well enough.

If you really want to see Overwatch tournaments done right, APEX (rip) is the gold standard. They hire large 30 man teams with several directors that know who to watch, when to switch to 3rd person and what may happen next. Some of the best moments in Overwatch Esports were captured in first person, a Widomaker getting insane shots, an Ana keeping people alive and sleep darts, a Tracer landing a triple man pulse bomb, a D.VA eating a grav, etc etc. Third person shots won't do these moments justice.

There is a clear reason IMO why there are no cams on the helmets, the skill and focal point of sports are not the same as Overwatch. In ball sports, the action is almost always on the ball, there is little reason to look away from it. People can gauge the skill of player by how they handle the ball, how far they throw/kick/ hit it and their technique in how they do it. For sports like gymnastics, swimming, fencing, etc, its all about technique, something we need to see in third person. Overwatch doesn't work that way, it is a first person shooter, and the way gauge and truly appreciate the skill in the game is by watching their movements in first person. Plus, there is no true focal point in the game, yes, sometimes there is a big team fight on the point, it will capture the action well, but Overwatch is too chaotic to handle like a traditional sport. There is no single focal point, there are often one v one's very far apart, tracer flanking, Zenyatta and Ana staying away from the fray, etc. You cannot compare traditional sports and Overwatch for this reason. The fundamental skill at the game is in mechanical aim, it matters just as much as positional awareness and game sense. And to truly appreciate that, first person cams must be implemented.
We have to mention Mercy because she is the center of the current meta. Fights become more scrappy and prolonged specifically because of Mercy.  Her Rezes and ultimate keeps the fight going.

Junk changes did make him more popular than before, but he still sits at a ~20% pickrate in the OWL, I really doubt that’s whats affecting Lucio. Dva just solidified herself in dive, her huge burst damage potential makes a dive more deadly, and Lucio always fit with it.

Ana + Moira is not going to popular unless the buff Coelescense defensive abilities. Lucio plus Ana/ Moira will be more popular because despite why you say, Lucio’s ult is still a great defensive ultimate, and the biggest problem with deathball is speed so Lucio pairs well with both death ball and dive. I still feel that Lucio will return to his large usage after Mercy’s nerf goes through, if it’s enough to reduce her usage that is.

It’s just that you are mentioning correlations I don’t see exist. Zenyatta doesn’t lower his usage, Zen was always on a steady rise but Lucio’s pickrate stayed constant. Junkrat didn’t reach that high pickrate. It was when Mercy rose that Lucio dropped like a rock.
60% as third person camera is way, way too much time allocated for it. It’s a first person shooter game and I feel that a majority of it being spent spectated like that is fine. I think they should use third person cam, but more like 15-25% of the time. Like someone else said, Contenders tried doing more third person and there were a lot, lot more complaints.
No algorithm can fix a low player base.
>	You want to know why your game is dying?
     It’s you, me, us.
     Paragon is fun. There’s plenty of joy in the game and the rushes that I get from this game are second to none. Really. I’ve been playing games since I was about 3 (yup, Apple II, represent) so that means that I’ve got 35 years of game playing experience. This game is the best I’ve played. Ever. For any definition of the word ‘best’. It’s just goddamned GOOD!
    But I’ve had fun games ruined by pure unmitigated hate. I’ve had myself turn absolutely irrational because someone wouldn’t stop trolling. It’s abuse and literal abuse, not metaphorical. My brain feels under attack and SOME OF US STILL PUT UP WITH THIS BECAUSE THIS GAME IS THAT FUN.

If toxicity can kill games, then LoL, CoD, and Overwatch would all be dead games. But as for as I know, they are very popular games. I’m not saying it’s ok for people to be assholes, they shouldn’t, but that’s more of a general problem with online multiplayer games, not a Paragon problem. Our job was never to promote and sell the game.

And just throwing it out there, EPIC is one of the few companies that put little to no effort cross advertising. They have a huge player base in Fortnite and yet haven’t at least used it to get people to play Paragon. Even large companies like Blizzard or EA would of done it by now. Even if it’s just to get a spike of players, just fucking do it so you can get more resources to put into fixing their game.
Exactly. Some of the most popular games can get toxic as fuck, its the nature of competitive games. Look at Overwatch, it doesn’t even have fucking solo queue yet, and people get really, really salty, gets balance changes every few months, but it’s still a very popular game. League of Legends is known for its toxicity, Call of Duty too, but people still play the game. So do several other multiplayer games, this is not what’s holding Paragon back because people can deal with a toxic community.
Yeah, I play their other game, Paragon(RIP), and I’ve gotten a lot more messages for people getting banned for throwing and going afk then I ever have here
As soon as Mercy’s rework patch hit tournaments, Lucio’s pickrate dropped like a rock. Lucio was always paired with either Zen or Ana, one reason he was so popular was that he was an amazing peeler for those two healers. However, Mercy’s strong healing and Rez is better in keeping Zenyatta in the fight then Lucio’s speed boost, healing and boop. A Mercy picketing Zenyatta is harder to kill and even if you manage to kill him, Mercy can bring him back. Mercy’s ult is harder to counter and can undo ultimates as well as provide strong healing for the entire team. It also builds faster.
Eh, I don’t think your comment addresses why Lucio fell out of the meta.

>	Unfortunately with the meta in place it’s more about mobility and being able to jump high grounds.

That’s dive, and it has existed as the most popular meta for nearly a year now. And Lucio was a staple of the meta until recently, Mercy’s rework was when he was pushed out. But as I said, I dont see what point you are making, since Lucio was always a staple of high mobility comps until a few months ago. Just watch Apex Season 3 or 4, both were dominated by dive and Lucio.

>	Lucio pairs well with a “death ball” style composition. Where you bundle a group of slow moving hero’s and usher them around. He also goes well with Ana to act as her peel when she is jumped. There’s not many maps that cater for this style composition although Horizon has seen it’s fair share of this style utilising a Moira huge burst healing

Yeah, I agree, but he also pairs well for dive. Mercy overshadows him.

>	Also I think the Lucio re work hit him hard the Area of his heal just doesn’t work with junkrat seeing so much play. As people will tend to spread out a bit to reduce his effect.

This doesn’t explain why he fell out of the meta though, since the rework was months before he fell out of the meta, following the rework he was still a strong and popular pick.
Well shit I’ll take the L, didn’t see that part. But the rest of my point still stands, xQc is not helping himself or his team.
Why doesn’t xQc just shut the fuck up. Like seriously, he is not in the position to say things like that. ~~Even Seagull, he’s own teammate, is getting frustrated and called him a fucking moron, and there’s a pretty high chance that the rest of the team feels similar.~~ Not only does Fuel have to deal with a slow and disappointing start to the league, they have to deal with xQc’s bullshit. His actions are affecting his team and it doesn’t look like he cares.

>	NYXL are gonna take the championship, and fuck ajit pai.

I agree with this statement.

Edit: The Seagull comment was taken out of context.
The internet was a mistake.
Lmao they just ignored Nomy when he ulted
Yeah, having small map pools allow teams to make specific map based comps. If there was a larger one, then teams would make general comps to force on all maps. Sure dive is still dominant, but I feel a large reason is that a majority of these teams have dive as their fall back. Everyone but Dallas at least.
There is no more APEX, OGN now does PUBG. It’ll only be a matter of time before they lose PUBG, as is tradition.

Korean teams will compete in Korean Contenders. Which starts all the way in March. Let’s hope these teams even stay together because their biggest challenge is a financial one.
Why would you switch the camera off Pine lol. Just as he went in.
X-6 gaming and the new KDP are also good choices, considering Element Mystic were unable to beat them in he Nexus Cup. Also, Lunatic Hai would be here, but they disbanded feelsbadman
I’m sorry, but why would it lead you to think that? All it convinced me that the West was lagging behind Korea hard, since EnvyUs returns to NA after being crushed by Kongdoo Panthera and Afreeca Freecs Blue yet no NA team could do that. I thought they could compete with the Koreans because they would be working hard on their synergy and team work, but that’s where I was wrong. There is still a long season to go though.
[It was this one.](https://clips.twitch.tv/HedonisticDreamyGazelleSuperVinlin)

They aren’t in the best situation and I wish the players the best.
It’s funny because Overwatch actually hosts it’s own World Cup that functions just like the actual World Cup.
>	OWL is supposed to be like the World Cup. Where players are representing the own nations team, unlike a league like the EPL where a team like Manchester United can buy the best players in the world to put together all-star squads (so to speak).

It’s called Overwatch **League**, it’s supposed to function like other leagues. New York Excelsior is made up of Koreans true, but the New York Yankees is made up overwhelmingly by Dominicans. As a New Yorker i still support NYXL, they are a hell of a team.

Have you considered that the tournament called the Overwatch World Cup, is the one that is like the Soccer World Cup? 
There was this post on the main subreddit (although they definitely aren’t the only ones guilty of this) and it was Fissure walking in confidently. And the ENTIRE comment section was them complaining about how London is Korean and has no natives. But the team they were facing, Philadelphia Fusion, had no Americans on the team but no one said a word...
>	isn’t having a successful stream where you can game and entertain the end goal / dream of every professional gamer? 

Not really, these type of people want to be the best in the world, that’s what they are competing for. 

This should be xQc’s last warning and he should be extremely grateful that the team is giving him another chance. He needs to take a long look at himself and improve.
FCTFCTN and Knoxx are both good options too.
Birdring was always a huge fan of Seagull, that’s even why he chose that as his name, because it contains the word “bird”.
https://twitter.com/xqc/status/954575940146814977
I think they need support. Some people have a problem separating the players from the management. It’s is a huge disappointment that the players of MY (Best Chinese team prior to OWL) never got in, but the players of SHD aren’t at fault. They are in a foreign country, have long work days, only to result on getting crushed by all the other teams. Many of their Chinese fans are not happy with them and some aren’t nice to them. Peoples perspective of them are already changing but I think they need some more encouragement. There was even a point where it look like one of their players, Diya, was about to cry. I don’t want to pity them but damn that’s disheartening.
xQc threw one game and got suspended for it. Jake on the enemy team treats one tricks worse than xQc and throws more games then he did. But he ain’t as big as a streamer so people didn’t make a big fuss about it 
Yep, they added streamers who haven’t been pro in a while, or never at all. Look at Immortals. They played very bad at Contenders season 1, but they improved their OWL roster greatly by adding Silkthread and veterans Unkoe and Soon, who have massive experience in both the Korean scene and crushing NA. Houston added Tairong, a Korean coach who is highly respected in Korea.
Yeah he’s getting better but he needs a low more work to be able to compete with other top tier projectile players in the League. But I’m sure he’s working hard on it.
While Jake is playing better today, you also have to watch his other matches against other teams that have top tier dps. I am still not convinced he is a top dps on anything other than Junkrat. Shadowburn was a clear tier above him when it came to Genji and Pharah, as well as Libero. Let’s not forget about the other real, really good dps in the League: Fleta, Birdring, Rascal, Hooreg, Profit, Pine, Saebyeolbe, Carpe, Libero, Bunny, and even on his own team Linkzr was more consistent. He needs more work.
He is talking about his damage nerf. A year ago, during triple tank, Hog output a lot more damage, he was consistently able to one shot Reaper, Mei and Lucio and could even one shot a fully health Zarya at his peak. They toned him down a lot more but before he was a beast.
I don’t follow Football or Basketball too much, but in Overwatch, you need to make plans and starts for not only different teams and rosters, but also different maps and game modes. Now they need to also know how to build their roster and who to substitute (though Mayhem doesn’t have that issue obviously). One of the advantages that the Korean has over the West is their superior coaches. The best teams in the West at one point didn’t even have one. Their coaching style, including having multiple coaches and assistant coaches, allowed them to analyze teams and break them down. When legendary western team Rogue, went to South Korea to compete in Apex (highest level tournaments before OWL, where most of these Korean super teams come from)season 3, they took their triple dps dive that they used to dominate the West for months and go on a 50 game win streak. It took the Koreans one week to figure out how to counter it and crush them.

While there are four coaches, I mentioned the those two specifically because they are famous among the community. Alwaysoov was the head coach of Lunatic Hai and led them to victory twice in APEX. Horcury was the coach that led the team Gc Busan in the fourth season and turned the underdog team into a complete behemoth and defeating the two best Korean teams flawlessly by completely breaking down how they play. They then went on to defeat Runaway in season 4. Dynasty managed to poach him before Spitfire could and it made Dynasty a lot scarier, with both coaches and a few assistants working on the team.
He did one thing that Runner couldn’t, and that’s win Apex. But at least Runner got Runaway in the Grand finals twice and also discovered Faker so that’s a plus.
Many Of the Dallas Fan fuels, especially on this sub, followed them since they were called EnvyUs, the core has existed for over two years.
While it would be better if they gave us an option, I’m fine how it is now. Now I can fill chat and vid at the same time, j used it to mostly watch tournaments and the OWL and full screen will cut off vital information. Uses up much more of the screen this way.

Also, discord updated to use the full screen properly.
Fewer players and only one coach makes your team much more predictable and puts a lot of stress on your single coach. Simply having 8 or 9 players is still a massive improvement and still allows your team to work together, just look at the team they lost too, Dynasty has 11 players but they work great as a team. They also have four coaches and each of them are very smart, including the Lunatic Hai coach Alwaysoov and GC Busan’s former and brilliant coach, Hocury. Only having one coach puts a lot of work on him.
I guess the term not try is not the best one. But Seoul Dynasty used this as an opportunity to try out different rosters. Thy didn’t even put in Zunba, ran Gido on support to see how he will do rather than the very good Tobi/Ryujehong on Dorado, and never used Miro either. Munchkin saw more play here, and overall they were going against the b team of Seoul Dynasty and still weren’t able to complete a single map against them at least. Mayhem did much better against Spitfire, but Spitfire has much, much more room to grow while Dynasty didn’t put in their A team against them. Lunatic Hai always tried different rosters and strats against teams that they perceived as weaker, since the Apex days and that tradition carries over here in OWL.
Yeah if you do the math, Winston can output 640 damage melee alone. This is because he can swing at most 16 times during primal rage, each doing 40 damage. He also does 45 damage per leap. If you do it correctly, you can jump in, ult and the cd resets, and then jump 5 more times. That’s another 270 damage. However, Roadhog can hook you and interrupt you and more importantly can heal up, while you need to jump and smack him correctly, which can be difficult.
That’s not even the worst part. Sometimes they switch colors when going on different maps. So Cloud 9 could be red on Assault but blue on 2CP
I’m talking about pro play if I hadn’t made it clear lol. She’s pretty good on ladder, but in pro play? Meh, 140 hps is no where near good, especially when Zen can do 300 hps aura. But trying to speculate what they will do there is difficult, people always find something new.
Who knows. Before Winston/DVA dive was popular, it was triple dps dive. Winston, Lucio, Tracer and Genji dive, while Soldier and Ana/Zen are in the back line. Dva is what put an end to this and allowed healers to not get deleted every team fights. Dva is the best peelers for healers as well, and who knows what will happens if she leaves.
Some people are treating this as a tournament rather than a league. It’s not feasible for most to watch all the matches and that’s just how leagues are. When more teams buy in the future, it will become more difficult to watch all the games.
Yeah you are right, someone could of stood on the point in that Winston bubble.
Seems to me that you never browsed this sub because it was always dominated by esport discussion way before the League started, so I don’t understand your confusion. And we still have some discussion about ranked.
A lot of her utility comes from her orbs but they easily get eaten by dva. Also, dva is her biggest counter, all Moira can do is fade away but dva can chase. Moira’s damage is low. I feel tank heavy comps will still favor Ana because of her stronger healing and more utility. Moira’s ult is also weird. It’s inferior to Zenyatta’s and Lucio’s ult in terms of defensive capabilities. And it’s offensive capabilities is on the weaker side. I don’t think her ult is very strong at all, a nano boost is much better for an offensive ultimate.
I recently stumbled on an old post on this subreddit when Triple tank was a staple. And reading the responses under your comment and reading those comments back then is funny. Like, someone right under your comment said they want “to see play not dominated by dps because it was more refreshing”, and there was comment back then that said the exact opposite “I want to see dps dominate the meta because it’s more exciting”. I know people have different opinion, but if we return to triple tank, people will complain. There is no pleasing us.
As long as dva and Winston is still strong, I don’t see either Ana and Moira becoming meta. I feel we will return back to Lucio and Zenyatta. Mercy displaced Lucio, nerf her and Lucio will come back.
What made C9 infamous is that, it happened three times in one match. That was the third and last one.
There was more context for the term though. The dva bomb was gonna kill them yeah, but it was the third time in that match they lost from leaving the point. They already lost two rounds from not touching the point, and the first two was them getting carried away with winning fights that they ignored the point.
[Watch just the beggining and it will sjow the first three times.](https://youtu.be/L59Qy_Q3sfU)

Cloud 9 was a strong team and people thought it was an easy win for them over Afreeca Afreecs Blue. And they needed the win to progress, Cloud 9 was going to have to face the heavy hitting and power house of the team Kongdoo Uncia after this match. And then they lose in an embarrassing way.

Edit: Actually, if you look at the right, you can see that Winston had his bubble up and on the point but no one bothered to go in. Winston himself chased someone off the point.
 I know the current state of Mercy. She can res people constantly every 30 seconds. Tp can be easily found and destroyed. Mercy provides strong healing and her ult also gives her two more rez’s. There’s a reason why Mercy is in almost every ranked game, while Symmetra is almost no where to be found. 
Symmetra is a very niche character and a weird support. Team coordination is her biggest counter, similar to torb. Her ultimate is an inferior version to Mercy’s Rez. Mercy is on the other side. I know you guys hate pick rates here, but they are more extreme here in Overwatch then Paragon. Symmetra sits at 8% while Mercy at 80%.
**AS IF PLAYING JUNKRAT OR LOSING IS ANY BETTER**

**TAIRONG OR NOT, HOUSTON IS STILL SUBBING OUT LINKZR FOR CLOCKWORK,  WHO ONLY LOSES**
Oh shit for some reason I thought it didn’t. And I’m pretty sure most of this thread doesn’t either cause they are still saying rev wasn’t touched.
It will still be useful for tanks though, they did so midlanders and adcs will stop picking that card since they are going to sacrifice a lot of power. Still a good card for someone like Sev.
His interaction with Deathcralwer is still broken as fuck. But sprykin nerf limits a lot of Revs from being able to run solo and Mid lane as comfortably as before. But if they are smart they can just play safe until they get veil stepper, so I don’t see how this is a strong nerf.

Edit: Someone just told me that they removed that interaction.
With the exception of Mercy and Symmetra, their healers are very nicely balanced. Lucio is slippery as fuck, offers a lot of utility and can win a duel against a dps if you outsmart them, though risky. Zenyatta is a glass cannon, weak healing, no escape and square hit box, but can output a shit ton of damage, aren’t careful and he can one shot you. Recently in a pro match, New York’s Jjonak played Zenyatta and output more damage then both of his dps. And Moira and Ana have options to deal with enemies.

Their supports are focus on healing, unlike Paragon, but they are very nicely designed.
But ~~Rev and~~ Wraith weren’t touched...
I don’t see Moira being meta as long as Dva is strong honestly. Not only that but her ult is kinda weird, it’s not as good as either Lucio’s ult or Zenyatta’s ult as being a defensive ult, and it’s offensive abilities are kinda weak. I feel Ana is still a stronger pick since she brings more to he table, her grenade is still strong and she has hard cc. But Winston and Dva are still gonna be strong, I feel we will return to Lucio Zen meta.
No one talks about them because their lack of flexibility, specifically Pine. Pine is world class on McCree and Widowmaker, but his other heroes aren’t in that level. That’s why NYXL runs Libero and SBB instead, they can switch it up. I don’t see how you can compare them to Birdring and Profit, who both have a lot of flexibility. They are a lethal duo, but SBB and Pine only went against weaker Western teams, their Korean peers are just as deadly.
Lol I remember that post. But xQc made a bad graph, most people agreed and so do I is that he meant to show that people don’t make that much money. I mean, xQc says, in that vid you linked, “There’s not that much people makes that much money (150k) dude that’s crazy”. I don’t see how you took it as most players make around 150k when in that same vid he says the exact opposite...


Edit: I got downvoted? xQc literally said the exact opposite what that comment said above me, why is he getting upvotes?
**WHY IS THIS BOT STILL ALLOWED HERE**
**RANDOMLY CALLING THEM THAT I AGREE. BUT MENTIONING IT ONCE BEFORE THE MATCH STARTS THAT THIS TEAM HAS ONCE PLAYED TOGETHER UNDER THE NAME X MIGHT HELP NEWCOMERS UNDERSTAND THAT THESE PLAYERS WORKED TOGETHER FOR A WHILE ADN THEIR ENEMIES MAY NOT SO THEY HAVE AN ADVANTAGE.**
>Last week on Spitcire’s two matches

**”I DONT WANNA WATCH KOREA SPITFIRE AND I HATE THE FACT THEY ARE NOT BRITISH SO I’LL SUPPORT THE ENEMY TEAM”**

**”YOU REALIZE THAT FLORIDA MAYHEM IS ALL EUROPEAN AND PHILADELPHIA FUSION HAS NO AMERICANS RIGHT?”**

**”YEAH BUT”**

MAJORITY OF THEM WERE NEVER GOING TO WATCH ANYWAY
**HOUSTON COULDN’T EVEN BEAT A TEAM THAT HAD ONE WEEK OF PRACTICE.**

**WOULDNT IT BE NICE IF JAKE LEARNED HOW TO PLAY A HERO THAT ISNT CALLED JUNKRAT?**

**HOUSTON IS STILL HASNT FIGURED OUT THAT SUBBING IN CLOCKWORK IS THROWING, BUT FLAME GOTTA GIVE HIS BUDDY A FEW GAMES**
Vainglory is the premier mobile MOBA and also has a much larger esport scene.
Compared to Fortnite, very little (which makes sense becaus Fortnite is much more popular). And YouTube ads are weird because they are based on what you view.
A lot of People don’t watch MOBAs out of habit, though some do. Following the esport scene and the teams and players is fun and interesting for many.


You are right though, the thing is that MOBAs are already massive and when something is already massive, they don’t grow more. Think like Blue chip companies like Apple or Disney. You don’t expect their stocks to triple overnight, but they slowly and steadily grow. Battle Royals are new and they have room to grow.
Lucio wasn’t just used just for his ultimate, while I do think it’s easier to interrupt it, I would say that it would just make Lucios be more aware when to pop it. Lucio still is one of the best peelers in the game, up there with Dva, his boop is actually very useful, his speed boost is very useful (right now overshadowed by Rez) and having two defensive ultimates is still very good. Good Lucios, especially in pro matches, are very much involved in the fighting. Look at Tobi, the boop god, who often finishes off low health players since Lucio is great for chasing them. Let’s not also forget how many Lucio specialists there are in the League. His ult changes are not enough to drive him out, it was only the introduction of an OP mercy that drove him out.
This reminds me of what DICE did for the community a while ago for Battlefield 4. But it was more extreme that this. They came together with the community and they built a map from scratch with them. Had it in their PTR and has players come and leave their own criticisms. Most of us wanted a Jungle map, so it became a jungle map. We told them what size we wanted it to be and they made it so. We added an abandoned Jungle temple, a river that circles around the map for boats and a fishing village and a village in the center. Dice La and the community worked together on it for months and later released their map for free for everyone. They also remastered an old fan favorite map for us too, and also release it for free. Dice LA is my favorite devs because of this, turned an awful launch of BF4 (actually handled another Dice team in Sweden) and turned the game around.
Exactly, MOBAs are still very popular, you won’t see massive growth compared to Battle Royals, because they are already massive. They also have esport scenes that neither PUBG or Fortnite can achieve (They are way too RNG to be so **especially** Fortnite) and the scenes bring in a lot of money.

EPIC just failed to advertise the game recently. They could of used the popularity of Fortnite to bring attention to Paragon. I’m pretty sure they didn’t want to advertise the game since it was going under drastic changes, but Fortnite is in beta too.
That would be better but if London didn’t pick them up, the alternative wouldn’t be them competing against each other but it would be GC Busan waiting in South Korea for a year to be picked up. And according to Runner, is not the best situation there right now. So at least GC Busan are in OWL and have a stable career.
Like I said, Ana still saw limited play but was greatly overshadowed by Zenyatta. Mercy put the nail in her coffin though, and we see her even less today. And I did watch the last Apex finals lol.
Don’t community leaders have a close relationship with EPIC though? Either way, all we can do is wait.
Yeah it doesn’t seem far fetch for Runaway to split apart if Contenders is not able to keep the team afloat. Runner recently said that they are operating at a lost, and this is a big problem for Korean teams in general, though Runner is doing it for a hobby. If Runaway breaks apart and doesn’t survive, I won’t be surprised.

But my heart says that Runners wife will keep the team together and the team will survive :(.
Mercy only displaced Ana in the ladder, but in pro play that’s not exactly it. Ana was being pushed out by Zenyatta and dive, by the time Mercy got reworked, Ana was already only seeing limited play on 2cp and first point defense on Hybrid. Mercy had a much bigger effect on Lucio, not Ana, if suddenly Mercy was reverted to her old, very weak state in Pro matches, the meta would simply turn into Zen and Lucio, not Lucio and Ana.
[For people wondering, its from here.](https://reddit.com/r/Competitiveoverwatch/comments/7qnrpb/_/dsqnmiw/?context=1)

Lol I was browsing this thread and read the moment you learned.
I really don’t think Haksal being underage was going to be a problem, since the investor can still get someone else to fill for him, they aren’t just limited to getting players from one team. Libero was not in LW Blue it Red, he’s from Meta Athena, but NYXL still picked him up. They signed Fl0w3r but for Season 2. They could of done the same with Runaway. 

Flame and Runner himself already talked about this subject in interviews and on stream. It wasn’t that Haksal was underage, there are work around. It was more so because Runaway has two conditions that needed to be filled before being picked up. One, they all need to be picked up together, and two, they want to be based in South Korea. Which no one met.

For NY spot specifically, it probably had to do more with the timing as well. LW Blue had a better run than Runaway at APEX Season 3 and were only defeated by having to face both KDP and LH in the second group stage. They also added Mano. NYXL got LW Blue before Apex Season 4 even started.
The owner of the New York Mets bought a spot for NY. Runaway, specifically Runner, already turned down people because he doesn’t want to relocate from SK, he wants Runaway to be stationed there. He’s kinda picky actually, I heard he turned down many sponsors because of this. Anyway, Lunatic Hai roster was bought by KSV for Seoul, KDP was owned by Cloud 9, and GC Busan was unknown, I guess Sterling.VC reaches a deal with LuxuryWatch to get their roster, which is still a very strong one. LW Blue being in the League probably has nothing to do with Runaway not being on the league.

Runaway is still a highly sought after team, I remember Flame saying that a lot of people had them on their radar, and tried to get the team or their players. The team, however, doesn’t want to split up, so you either get all of Runaway or none. If an investor gets Busan as a city for example, then I’m sure Runaway will jump at the opportunity.
Yeah, I always remember reading those meta posts and they always said the South Koreans used both Dva and McCree much more than their western counterparts in both NA and Europe. And dva ended up paying off in the long run.
Yeah it was almost  like tradition for Lunatic Hai in apex to always lose in the second group stage. A lot of things went in the right way for EnvyUs to win that tournament. Not to discredit their win but luck definitely played a part.
Yeah, it was more about the sudden addition of Mickie and the new patch that buffed Dva. That patch also nerfed Ana (movement speed buff removed from nano boost) and introduced sombra. LH was eliminated by Kongdoo Uncia and that patch was the luckiest thing to happen to Envy along with picking up Mickie.
I think a larger part of the problem is how long Blizzard is making these teams wait before they can compete for money. Nexus Cup ended in mid December. Apex ended in October. APAC too. Together now there is just the Team Story, but it’a not as large as those tournaments. They still have to wait all the way till March for Contenders. They could of have one more season if of Apex in that time period. I don’t think the Korean scene will die by that point but Blizzard is really pushing it.
With the rumors of Paragon being abandoned, some people are confused EPIC hasn’t addressed them. However, I do remember that Something similar happened before, when they introduced the ability to buy these bundles that come with crates and stuff. Since they also included reputation and cards, people called it p2w and this sub went in flames. It took EPIC a full day to come out and say this wasn’t their intention and reverted many things and people are happy again. So while it’s not like we should praise EPIC for waiting is long to respond, I don’t think their silence is the end of the world.
I was just trying to put in one perspective, never said it was absolutely true. Maybe the Koreans just really like Jake.
Yeh I got 75 and those two matches really mess me up. I just had no idea how Fusion was gonna play and put 3:2 but in favor of Outlaws. And I really thought Dallas was gonna win.
Maybe they get Junkertown.
Yeah and I’m pretty sure that Korea invented just the Winston/dva dive and their variations of it, dive como has existed before. There was the dive centered around Zenyatta 50% discord (before triple tank) and even earlier, the two Winston, Tracers and Lucios m. That and I believe the triple dps dive, were all invented in the West, I think, but not 100% sure. 
The end goal of the League is to have all these teams relocate themselves to their respective cities. For example, London Spitfire already has plans on building a large venue in London with a bar, place to meet the team etc. All the members of London have a few hours each day to learn English. Fissure, the one in the gif, speaks good English actually. The team will all relocate there and live and operate from London. The same applies to all teams. 

When I pointed out Fusion, it was that people only get angry when Koreans represent the team, but Fusion has people from various countries, everywhere but the place they represent. But on this thread no one noticed.
Lol are you trying to draw parallels between Ana and Mercy?
X-6 Gaming did really well at the Nexus Cup, they won the whole thing. I think we should be looking at them too. Also Runaway.
I said this plenty of times, but you realize that their opponents, the Fusion, also have no one from Philadelphia? Or from the United States for that matter.
>No one mentioning that Fusion has no Americans on their team.
It’s not an if, that’s one of the larger goals of the OWL, why the league is split into divisions so onto the future flying will be easier. Blizzard has stated multiple times that this is what will happen, each team already said they are working on it, infrastructure is where a large portion of the money is going to.

A lot of players speak good English, they interviews Ark and spoke it nicely. Also everyone in this thread is obsessed with London Spitfire not being English when their opponents his match, the Philadelphia Fusion, has no Americans...
That’s the end goal though, Blizzard is giving them time to build the infrastructure. Spitfire is already in talks with local organizations and is planning on building an arena in London, where the team will live and operate from.
Well duh that’s why I said Taimou said it. Maybe the Koreans just really like Jake.
If you followed from earlier, then you will know Jake was never someone that stood out. And now the spotlight is on him ever since he participated in the World Cup.
IIRC taimou said Koreans like to overhype someone and in turn put a lot of pressure on them to try to live up to the hype. It’s to mess with their head.
Look at the username you are responding to. He used to hate Rogue a while back, but now that Rogue has disbanded, he decided to hat on Valiant because they picked up two Rogue players.
I didn’t realize they had Ryujehong and Tobi as supports ;)
I’m no analyst but I do think it’s because of the rise of Mercy and Lucio is gone. Soldier is not really burst damage, and with the stronger healing output of Mercy over Lucio, burst damage is more important. Also, burst damage is needed to kill Mercy more reliably. Lucio was a good counter to Genji, his boop and speed boost is hard for Genji to deal with, and with him and Zenyatta, Genji had to deal with two defensive ultimates. Now with Lucio gone, Genii can do more damage.
I strongly disagree, especially with Pine. Mind you, I don’t think he’s a bad player at all, and is among the best in the League. However, his primary heroes he is elite in is McCree and Widowmaker, his other heroes aren’t that elite. I’ll say he’s one of the best Widows and McCree in the game. Compare this to Fleta, who’s widow is on par and at times surpass him, and he can also play Pharah, Soldier, reaper, McCree and Genji at elite levels. Fl0w3r is similar. 


I do not think Pine and Fl0w3r duo is the best in the game. Rascal and Birdring are duo with more synergy and Flexibility. Let’s also not forget about Korean dps players that didn’t join the league for personal reasons. Genji gods Haksal and WhoRu are too young. Sayaplayer and Stitch didn’t want to leave Korea, and more. 

But I’ll guess we will agree to disagree.
Soldier was used heavily in dive before the Mercy and Dive rework actually, during Apex Season 4, Soldier/Tracer was very popular. But yeah, Zen is one of the few that can poke from afar.
And it’s also important to see exactly what comps were running, Houston had no shields and a hog, while SBB and Libero were playing rather safe. It was under these circumstances that Jjonak prospered. 
Not mentioning my boy Libero, and SSB is one of the best tracers in the league, he just doesn’t go for flashy plays like Fleta or Pine does.

Why I meant to say is that there are dps on other teams that are able to keep up, and several other dps that have potential to grow.

That being said, Fl0w3r (used to be called nanohana) and Pine are interesting duo with quite some history. They are the ones that brought the attention to the rapidly developing Korean scene, they impressed the West. Originally, the Koreans weren’t as good as the West, but that quickly changed by the end of 2016.
Same with Mayhem
Spitfire vs Fusion suggested otherwise
If you ignore that Seoul and London are in the league sure. But London has Rascal, Birdring, Profit and Hooreg, while Dynasty has Bunny, Munchkin and the best dps in the game so far, Fleta.
Yep, and the king at triple dps, at least in the West was Rogue, who went on a huge win streak, taking their triple dps dive to Korea, where it was put to an end. Winston-dva proved to be superior to triple dps dive, defense matrix was too good.
Dva became very important in triple tank following her Armor buff. 400 armor meant she was very difficult to kill and Ana farmed ult off her.
Pine can challenge him at times at widow, Rascal is also great at Pharah.
They just gave away the point for free 
Is LAG not gonna protect shaz lmao
Asher got the crucial pick on Tobi, he just got valk
I don’t understand this. First, a lot of pros have the mentality that supports shouldn’t be able to frag out, but that’s core to Zen’s design. He’s the weakest in terms of healing output (save for his ultimate) out of all the healers and this is balanced out by the fact that he can output a lot of damage. Add in the fact that he has a square hit box and is slow as fuck. He does great in pro matches especially now since they are great at peeling, that’s what allows a Zen to thrive. Dive heroes are also coincidentally amazing peelers, Winston and DVA save him a lot, and when Lucio was meta, he was always right next to Zen. Mercy is able to keep him alive with strong healing and can revive him. If anything is going to be tweaked, maybe falloff damage but not to severe.

Edit: fix spelling errors fuck autocorrect.
And when Junkrat was being played 
Why would you sub Linkzr out, he’s the best dps player you got.
Even worse honestly
Keyboard?
They lost on Junkertown, no ones figured that map out lol. Seoul drops maps there
JJonak does a so much damage holy shit
It’s not a super serious response, they say 0.5 Korean because Sinatraa is a Korean-American.
What do you mean sleeping on them? This team was hailed as the new GC Busan on this sub the instant they defeated South Korea World Cup team. They did well in Nexus Cup, finishing third.

If anyone is being slept on is the new Kongdoo Panthera roster, the ones that defeated EM twice. Also X-6 gaming has been getting stronger, they won the entire Nexus Cup.
According to an interview a while back with Brad, Super is their flex player. He says that he can play anything, but at the moment is most likely focusing on Off-tank, which would mean D.VA. But we will have to see what he actually picks up because Brad said it will depend on what the team needs.
Philly built their team smarter than Shock did. Carpe and Shadowburn is a solid dps duo, their synergy with one another is actually very good.


Fragi is a great tank player, much better than Nomy, although I would say Fragi’s Winston is average, I feel he will improve over time. Sado was probably their other main tank player but rip. Poko did incredibly well on DVA, able to outshine Coolmatt. Neptuno transitioned to Mercy much better than Dhak and Boombox was always a good Zen. There are still some more players that Fusion didn’t show, but whoever recruited the players did an excellent job building a team from scratch.
Dreamkapzer is impressive but there are a lot of good Genji above him. Agilities, Shadowburn, Profit, Fleta, And Rascal for example. And let’s not forget Haksal and WhoRu, though they are not in OWL. 
You don’t need to take a step back lol, them having little resources compared to the other teams is one of the main reasons they became so popular. Who knows how monstrous Runaway can be if you give them it.
Yeah I don’t think he has adjusted to new D.VA well yet. He loses his mech much more faster than other dva players and commits to chases he can’t finish off and often dies. He needs to practice it more. His lack of synergy with xQc just makes it worse.
Lul your first mistake is expecting a legitimate answer from twitch chat. But I’ll give you the answer why people expected Fuel to be the stronger team.

Basically, the core of Valiant was formerly known as Immortals. Their last major showing was at Conteders Season 1 and they had an abysmal showing. 

>3 koreans plus Soon and Unkoe? Come on bro Valiant is a korea-level team.

You mean the same Koreans that failed to save Immortals? They were actually the weak point during contenders season 1, for some reason Fate, Envy and Kariv just were not doing well. Immortals only won two matches, both against the weakest teams in the tournament (Renegades and Kungurna LUL)

Meanwhile, EnvyUs just came back from South Korea and showed a complete and utter dominance in NA. Their first match was against Immortals and EnvyUs defeated them convincingly. Taimou was on fire with Widow while EFFECT was a ome man army. Harryhook and chips were playing Lucio and Ana/Zen respectively, while Cocco and Mickie played brilliantly together. It really did not look like any  NA team would be able to dethrone them and both FNRGFE and Faze Clan tried but failed. 

However, I fully believe that Immortals worked hard on their short comings and added grrat additions to the roster. Unkoe and Soon are great additions, they have as much experience as their rivals in EnvyUs did, especially with Koreans (Poor Rogue was placed in the group of death in Apex Season 3, places with Korean super teams KDP and Lunatic Hai). They also added Silkthread, a great dps player. The thing is, Soon and Unkoe are not gonna be able to save the team if the Immortals core still perform poorly. So it was ultimately up to the Koreans to actually step up, something theh didnt do during Contenders.

While Fuel added players to round out their shortcomings, I feel they added players that don’t have as much experience as the rest of the roster. Seagull is their projectile expert, except Genji, which I feel is an important character to master. All of the other projectile characters are more niche, with Junkrat coming closest to Genji but is still much more map dependent. Custa and xQc also need more time to adapt. They are all loud personalities and I feel that would be a problem. But both Fuel and Valiant still have lots of room to grow. And Valiant being a Korean-level team? Come on bro, wait till they actually face one before saying that lol. Next week, Jan 18, they will face NYXL, and we will see how they do.

Edit
[Heres why people though Fuel was gonna win in video form.](https://youtu.be/pE4n9-ttMic)
It’s not a new thing actually. After getting eliminated in the semi finals in Apex Season 3 against Kongdoo Panthera, where they got crushed 4-0, they kinda just gave up against Afreeca Freec Blue. They were playing for third place and they just didn’t try at all it was disappointing to watch.
It’s kinda hard to see how strong NYXL since they only played against Boston and Seoul. However, knowing the roster and their history as well as how long the hey played together, they should be very strong. 


I wouldn’t place Valiant that high yet. And I feel that Spitfire is going to find out how to use their roster. Spitfire is the sleeping giant of the league, they are fucking stacked. I still think it’s too early to find out how strong the teams are.

Let’s not also forget Mercy meta, aka the great equalizer. If Mercy falls out of the meta, Korean teams become much stronger.
>	OGN Apex is pretty tough as all Korean tourneys tend to be, but OWL is on another level. Going from never really losing at all to getting steamrolled in the only two matches so far in Season 1 is not an easy pill to swallow.

Except you should be talking about Contenders not APEX, that’s where EnvyUs never lost at all, EnvyUs lost plenty times in APEX. I agree that OWL has teams stronger or on par with Korean super teams in APEX, but you do realize that EnvyUs got their asses handed to them when they finally reached a strong Korean team? Kongdoo Panthera whipped their asses in a way no North American team has and harder than the last two Overwatch League matches. Afreeca Freec Blue wasn’t so kind either.
>	He went from playing ladder to playing against some of the best players in the world. For that kind of leap I’d say he’s doing pretty well.

xQc played on Denial and Arc6, and later on the Canadian team where he made it to the finals against team South Korea. It wasn’t like he just went from ladder to pro, he’s been pro for a while. He has played against Rogue and Immortals before, as well as selfless and got a taste of the Koreans at the World Cup. But one thing is right, these are the toughest opponents xQc has to face.
When the roster was first announced, people expected Boston Uprising to finish in 10-12th place and be an incredibly weak team for signing a alloy of relatively unknown players. Fast forward to today and they are stronger than most people thought and hey have a lot of room to grow. Huk is the guy that recruited them.
They approached him but he turned them down. He wants to be starting dps and believed he wouldn’t be that On Fuel.
That would require Blizzard to admit that it’s a badly designed map so no.
They aren’t giving Unkoe a break lmao,
He hates rogue. But now Rogue disbanded, so he follows the players that used to make up Rogue. Valiant has Soon and Unkoe so he hates them.
~~It’s 190k now~~

230k now
They had one yesterday.
Yesterday when they were going to play on Oasisi, for some reason they were showing Illios. During Fusion vs Outlaws on the third map I believe.
... The players of Florida Mayhem are just as foreign, there no Americans on that team.
Lol, playing McCree in the ladder is much different than playing in pro tournaments on LAN.

Also Calvin makes too much money as a streamer, and more so now that xQc and Seagull don’t stream as much. He is not interested in going pro.
xQc is terrible at explaining things, his teammate Custa came out and explained it better. Basically, you submit the changes after the first half of the previous map (when the first team finishes the round). 
Also, the owner of Shanghai Dragons is NetEase, the distributor of Overwatch in China. They are in partnership with Blizzard and actually operate several of their games there, including Overwatch. Not exactly the best owner for Dragons.
The players of MY didn’t have the right connections. There were no tryouts for Dragons.
Was clockwork only able to finish off 2 people? I don’t see any situation where they would need him over Linkzr.
Pay more intention my dude, staggers still happen. Staggers happen when the team has the opportunity to do so, and staggering baby Dva is a common thing that happens, in OWL it still happens.
As people said before, severe corruption. There are several threads that go in more detail, there was also corruption in the Chinese World Cup team. 
Actually, looking it up, LW red defeated Lunatic Hai twice , LW Blue themselves, while successful , never defeated Lunatic Hai, or I can’t find out when they did. But similar rosters.

And yeah one of GC Busans head coach left to Dynasty giving a large boost to them, but he rest of the coaches are at Spitfire and they also have KDP’s coaches so they have a chance to defeat Dynasty, their coaches have a huge arsenal to work with.
Yeah but maybe they can still be signed but for later, just like how NYXL signed on fl0w3r despite him not being able to compete till next year in season 2.
Babybay did not play well. Shock got worse and worse and they get tilted quite fast, I read that they got tilted right after Dorado. That’s not good.
Ryujehong was originally a dps main is comfortable on Soldier, Tobi can switch to Torbjorn. Several dps players on other teams can flex onto off tanks. However, these examples don’t deal with a dps subbing in with a support player, but this shouldn’t be a big problem, HarryHook and Ryujehong will still be labeled as a support as that is what they will be on the majority of the time.
That’s is what he has to do against anything, he has no way to get away and relies on peelers more than anyone. Lucio can boop and speed away, Moira has fade, Ana has sleep dart, and Mercy can fly. All you can really do is out duel them and hope that your peelers come help you.
Moira’s ult is not as good as Zenyattas ult, Zen becomes completely invincible and while does no damage, it provides huge amounts of healing with no wind up. His discord is insanely useful, his orb is great for flankers, and he himself is able to get crucial picks much more consistently than Moira. Her orb gets eaten by D.VA, her ultimate doesn’t do as much healing as Zen and she is still vulnerable during it. Mercy and Zenyatta duo provides a team more damage, strong healing, an ult that prevents offensive ults from doing anything and another that undos them.
Umm that’s Outlaws vs Dynasty, I’m referring to NYXL vs Dynasty.
Dynasty has Fleta, Munchkin and Bunny, all dps players that can compete on the same level (especially Fleta). Meanwhile, Spitfire has legendary dps duo Birdring and Rascal, as well as Profit and Hooreg, another insanely good dps duo. I feel that Spitfire is the most stacked dps wise, but they are still trying to find out how to handle the roster and who plays.
To be fair, LW Blue has also defeated Lunatic Hai in the past, but their most recent match ups were always in favor of LH. Hopefully NYXL has improved greatly for their rematch.
>Implying that Seoul’s dps line up isn’t stacked as well

But I still think that NYXL has a better chance and can possibly upset. But Dynasty won’t be to worried, the roster has beaten Fl0w3r and his team (NYXL is made up of old LW Blue and Lunatic Hai, which is now Dynasty, has defeated them several times, with or without Fl0w3r)
Unless you never watched esports before OWL started then I don’t see how you would sleep on him, dude was always super good on characters like McCree and Widomaker, he was one of the earlier players to make his name on it over a year ago. 
By being Seoul Dynasty and not only having Fleta on your team but god tier supports and tanks. Watch the preseason NYXL vs Seoul Dynasty. Sometimes Pine can shut down Fleta, such as Junkertown, Where Pine styled on Fleta, but other times, like on Illios, Fleta completely shut down Pine. Every time Pine popped his head up for a split second Fleta took it out. 
If i remember correctly, it was because a while back, there was this video called “This is what 500 hours of Mercy gameplay looks like” and it showed a bunch of clips of her killing people with her pistol and it got popular. And then people started saying that you should use your pistol more, even over damage boosting because you do a “surprising amount of damage”. Of course people quickly realize that it’s not a smart thing to do, your gun is not that strong and you should only do it if it’s a last resort, if the enemy is dead but if the enemy dps can aim to save their lives, you are going to die. But Valkyrie kind of change things.
Here’s my view on it.

The problem with this is that Overwatch is an fps, not a MOBA, Contenders already tried third person usage and was heavily critisized because it doesn't capture the action well enough.

If you really want to see Overwatch tournaments done right, APEX (rip) is the gold standard. They hire large 30 man teams with several directors that know who to watch, when to switch to 3rd person and what may happen next. Some of the best moments in Overwatch Esports were captured in first person, a Widomaker getting insane shots, an Ana keeping people alive and sleep darts, a Tracer landing a triple man pulse bomb, a D.VA eating a grav, etc etc. Third person shots won't do these moments justice.

There is a clear reason IMO why there are no cams on the helmets, the skill and focal point of sports are not the same as Overwatch. In ball sports, the action is almost always on the ball, there is little reason to look away from it. People can gauge the skill of player by how they handle the ball, how far they throw/kick/ hit it and their technique in how they do it. For sports like gymnastics, swimming, fencing, etc, its all about technique, something we need to see in third person.
Overwatch doesn't work that way, it is a first person shooter, and the way gauge and truly appreciate the skill in the game is by watching their movements in first person. Plus, there is no true focal point in the game, yes, sometimes there is a big team fight on the point, it will capture the action well, but Overwatch is too chaotic to handle like a traditional sport. There is no single focal point, there are often one v one's very far apart, tracer flanking, Zenyatta and Ana staying away from the fray, etc.
You cannot compare traditional sports and Overwatch for this reason. The fundamental skill at the game is in mechanical aim, it matters just as much as positional awareness and game sense. And to truly appreciate that, first person cams must be implemented.
Yeah I love the boys in pink. It was so heartbreaking watching them lose almost the same in Apex season 4 as they did in season 2, right before the second point on Eichenwald. But they have GC Busan a hell of a fight that Lunatic Hai or KDP couldn’t. With Runner leaving to serve his military duties (his wife will continue being their mother and coach lol) Kaiser also leaving Runaway, and still having no sponsers but each of the players refuse to leave Runaway because they are like a family, god damn I want them to get into OWL cause they deserve it.
Yep, I should of wrote all of Runaway. They have the strongest personalities in the game, and feel more like a family than anyone, up there with Lunatic Hai but I feel that Runaway is more emotional. Underdog team with no sponsors or real support able to compete on par along with the best in the world and I feel are stronger than most of the OWL teams. And they play much more exciting than any of he teams, you just don’t know how to play against them. Not like Fuel, who experiments a lot, but Runaway relies so heavily on clutch plays lol. Sometimes you might be keeping up with them and out of nowhere Haksal kills your entire team.
Yeah the thing about a Fusion is that they are really stacked and have dps, tank and support dips that play very well together. Carpe and Shadowburn are one of the best if not the best duo the West has to offer, I do not think Outlaws dps can keep up with them except when Jake is playing Junkrat with Linkzr. Fragi and Poko were great and performed better than Coolmatt and Muma, Fragi’s Winston was on par with Muma but his Rein completely outshines him. Dude got Earthshatter before Lijang’s point was open and got his second one by the time Muma got his first. Poko was so good as an aggressive DVA, he outplayed Coolmatt and his ults were very good. And finally Boombox and Neptuno were able to keep up with Rawkus and Boink/Bani. 

Fusion was always a dark horse, and I see them as a playoffs contenders if they continue to improve as a team. And I definitely think they are better than Outlaws and I wanna see them go against Valiant. At least on Saturday they will go against Spitfire.
More information of Miraculous Youngsters (MY) for those that don’t know. This team was the most successful team in China and were able to hang in with the Korean super teams prior to OWL. They are most notable for goin on a 50 game winning steak in their prime, defeating teams such as Runaway, a good Korean team able to keep up with Lunatic Hai (this roster is now in Seoul Dynasty, the team most predict will win the entire League). Their most notable match up was against Lunatic Hai during the Seoul Super Cup, where Miraculous Youngsters played very well against Lunatic Hai, losing to them in a close series 2-3. They made interesting comps, very innovated comps. One of their players, Leave, was a Master at Doomfist and kept Fleta on his toes, and this team invented the anti dive como using Rein, Zarya and Junkrat (prior to his buffs) which South Korea and other Korean teams later used.  Unfortunately, they did not get into OWL like they hoped, and none of the players were picked up for Shanghai Dragons, who instead chose players from significantly weaker teams. Their last tournament was in December 2017, in the final Nexus Cup of that year, but they announced they will be disbanding and moving toward PUBG as they couldn’t financially support themselves. And out went the best team China ever made.
They already played against each other during the preseason. There will be playing again on January 26. Seoul Dynasty is such a beast of a team, but NYXL now added JJonak as he’s old enough to play.
His Junkrat is by far the best in the league, it can single handily shut down entire teams on chokepoints and especially on 2cp. Jake shut down not only Fusion but Seoul Dynasty as well. 
He understands that character so well, his trap predictions against Carpe’a Tracer was almost unbelievable.

His Soldier is very good but i don’t think it’s the best in the League, not while Birdring, Rascal, Hooreg, HarryHook, and Fleta are in it. And there is Tracer and Pharah, and there is a lot of players in OWL that completely outshine him on those heroes. 
Actually, maybe a bit later, these things take time, I won’t be surprised if it they will move in halfway to season 2 or in season 3.
It also helps that the best players of the world prior to OWL got in. There are still some insane players not in yet, such as AKM, Knoxx, Haksal, Sayaplayer, Kaiser (especially Kaiser, he is still the best Reinhardt in the world, no one in OWL even comes close to his Rein) , and more. South Korea especially still has massive amount of talent still not in, but some of their best teams got in OWL. 
Fleta on Seoul Dynasty is able to keep up with him.
There was actually this stat shares during the third game, where they said Shadowburn and Jake actually put out similar amounts of damage on the ground (Jake had 23% of his team damage, Shadowburn had 20%), but Carpe was able to follow up while Clockwork was not. This was for the first round.
Shadowburn barely smiles lol
Jakes Junkrat is gone be important here
He along with Ryujehong and Tobi called Jake  the dps player to beat
Fusion is just a well rounded team, and their DPs far outshines the dps on Outlaws.
Lucio ult saved shadowburn. 
NA production, lol why were we looking at Illios
Synergy between Carpe and shadowburn is great
And Tviq just couldn’t find out when to ult 
Profit is shitting on them right now.
Logix is such a beast man. This match ending up being much more exciting
That was so fucking close
Spitfire is a sleeping giant, once they find out how to properly use their roster, they can easily contest with Dynasty, they stacked.
Tobi is the boop god, if Lucio ever becomes meta again, oh boy oh boy 
Wtf, that was quick.
Best match up now, honestly looked like it could of easily went with in favor in Seoul Dynasty.
Yep, while Mercy replaces Ana in the ladder for main healer, that’s not the case for pro matches. Mercy displaced Lucio, not Ana, she was being displaced by Zenyatta for a long time now. By the time Mercy was reworked, she only saw limited play during 2CP and at times defense at times in Assault and Hybrid. Besides that, Lucio and Zenyatta outshined Lucio and Ana.
That is not sensible since the organization invested $20 million specifically for that city. 
By competing you mean pro tournaments, since Lucio never had that pickrate in the ladder. And Mercy massive buff ended displacing him there. 

The nerf dealing with the ult charge was actually because of complains about Genji and Soldier retaining their ultimates when killed early during their animation. Ended up affecting Rein and Lucio more since they have significant longer wind ups for their ults.
To explain, the organization Cloud 9 bought a spot for $20 million and chose London, UK as their city. They did set out to get British players, but all of them were locked into contract and the other teams refuse to let hem go, hoping for themselves to get into the league. Also remember that there are very few British professional players, all of them locked in contract and with time running out, they decided to buy the best team in the world at the time, GC Busan. It was not heir original plan but they had no other choice really.
Just so you know, first, Blizzard has no say on what anyone does with the city they got. Second, the owners of the London team did actually try to obtain British players, but none of the teams that held them actually released them, even buying them out wasn’t an option. There are very few professional British players , it doesn’t even sound like you know all the British players in the league if all the skins you are getting is for Zen for Boombox...
>	Why is a team that held their own against the Fuel and made Seoul Dynasty fight to win being consistently placed low?

You mean losing to the two teams that were both experimenting heavily with their starting line up and composition? Where Seoul Dynasty ran compa with Lucio, sólo healers, etc, and Fuel with triple support, Taimou Winston, etc?
Not only the placement but the logo on Fuels shirt stands out a lot more.
Well that’s why there is 9 American cities, because American investors invest more heavily on American cities. I specified Korean investors because they are the ones that are more likely to invest in their own cities. Just like how KSV invested in Seoul. That’s also why there is only 1 city in Europe, because there were no investors. European investors can get together and get their own city, none did or were successful. So yeah, the logic does make sense, thats kinda how it works, investors choose the city they like and Korean investors are more likely to buy their own cities, it just so happened that Cloud 9 wanted to buy London so they did.
That’s on Korean investors, not Blizzard. 

And last time I heard, Korean Organizations aren’t exactly thrilled with Blizzard and how they handle esports but are probably watching how successful OWL is. Perhaps they will get the cities next season.
Wait, I thought Fuel said they placed theirs in the middle because that was the only place Blizzard allowed them. And while it is a nicer place then Fuel and looks cleaner, I still would prefer if they sold clean versions of the shirts.
Lol as expected honestly, in esports South Korea is a region in itself, just like how Europe and NA are regions.
It’s like people took a glance at posts dealing with the meta and never bothered to actually read it, but just looked at the numbers and left. All those posts with Lucio sitting at 90%+ was always dealing with pro play. Look at OmnicMetas posts, never has Lucio never even got close to Mercy’a pickrate, he was always around 50-60% pickrate across all tiers. Mercy manage to have a 100% pickrate across all tiers at her peak, from Bronze to Grandmaster and even beyond, into pro play. Never has a character done that, not Ana during triple tank, Winston or Dva during dive, not Reinhardt during his peak and certainly not Lucio.
No, that’s not what this entire thread is about, some dude claimed Lucio had a 90% pickrate in comp games but that’s false, that was always only in pro tournaments. While he was a top pick healer, that is correct, it was always around 50-60% pickrate. I never disagreed with Mercy being shit tier, but she was always picked quite a bit in lower tiers, being more popular than Ana below Diamond and her invincibility during Rez helped her rise of popularity. Like I said, Mercy managed to peak at 100% pickrate from Bronze to Grandmaster at her peak, showing why people are tired of her. She currently enjoys a 60-70% pickrate across tiers.
At the launch of the game, it was Lucio Mercy, since Zeyzatta had 150 hp and wasn’t meta, following the release of Ana and Zenyatta’s buff, Lucio Zen became meta then Lucio Ana’s. While Lucio was meta following his rework and all the way to Mercy’s rework, where he dropped out of meta like a rock, he always never went above around 60% pickrate in como matches, and that’s in Grandmaster. Mercy was also more popular then Ana below Diamond during triple tank as well. In comparison, Mercy at her peak manage to see a nearly 100% pickrate consistently from Bronze all the way to pro tournaments. See the problem?
>	I guess I’m accustomed to heart attacks and getting close to winning.

Then Runaway is the perfect team for you


But seriously, LA Valiant has two Canadians (Verbo and Agilities) on their team while Dallas Fuel has 2 Canadian, xQc. Also, watch MonteCristo’s videos on YouTube, he goes over each team in detail, talking about each player.
I know that, but Blizzard haven’t released any data themselves, so the best we have is them. I pointed that out already. Unless you are willing to share Blizzards internal data.
Fissure on London Spitfire is a great Reinhardt player, as well as Cocco on Dallas Fuel. Also Janus and Mano on NYXL are good at Rein. Unfortunately, you won’t be seeing too much Reinhardt since he is out of meta for now.
Kaiser received offers from Outlaws I believe, but he turned them down, choosing to stay with Runner and Runaway. I do find it crazy Roofl and especially Adam isn’t on a team though.
>	4. The team not doing well doesn’t mean that the player wasn’t good, at least from what I heard, which admittedly isn’t much, flower was always well admired for what he did, even if he didn’t necessarily get results for it, kind of like Surefour.

I’m assuming this is about Fl0w3r. I’m not saying he was thought to be bad, I’m saying he kinda disappeared into the background following APEX season 2, because he and his team didn’t really show up as much as other teams had. He was always a good player m, but people didn’t see much of him until OWWC, in APEX season 3 he had to face against KDP and LH at their peak, while wasn’t competing in season 4.
1.	Dallas Fuel has good highs but their own shares of lows, and they will struggle against the three Korean teams. They also have Valiant and possibly Philly to look out for.

2.	Fusion is a dark horse, they have a solid line up but we have yet seen them perform. If the team meshes well together then they challenge Fuel.

3.	Yeah, Jake is probably the best Junkrat in the league honestly, with a solid Soldier, but his other dps heroes are not up to par. His Genji and Pharah are not going to be able to compete with other top tier dps players (Fleta, Rascal, Hooreg, etc) he is not a Tracer specialist, and the other dps heroes he doesn’t really play. Before OWWC, he was nothing special.

4.	I agree with you, Coolmatt is very solid on D.VA. Mickie plays too aggressive sometimes.

5.	If you are talking about late 2016/ early 2017 sure, but after APEX Season 2, no one talked about him much, since LW Blue didn’t do much either. Profit, Ryujehong, Birdring, etc, were considered the best much more often then Fl0w3r.
6.	They barely held their own against a two teams that were experimenting heavily. Both Fuel and Dynasty were experimenting heavily with possible line ups, trying strange comps, etc, while Outlaws was doing standard comps. While these are preseason matches, they failed to convince me that Houston is able to compete with the better teams.
Blizzard has yet released anything on rating distribution since that own time in season 3, so all we can rely on is third party sites such as Master Overwatch. Using their data, around 2500 is the average.
I’m gonna be blunt, reading previous comments, you climbed from 2250 to 2750 in one season. I’m not trying to downplay that achievement, but you still have a long, long way before even considering going pro. You have to be at least be able to stay consistently in Grandmaster before joining a tier 3 or 2 team, and then go from there. 


Being a pro will require you to devote all your time and energy into it, yes you are young and have more time than others, but it will impede on things like college or work. Just make sure it’s a realistic option.
If you read his comments, he finished season 7 at 2750, but started at 2250. A lot to improve.
But your whole post is about pickrate, you are asking why people complained about Mercy being a must pick while not for Lucio. And I just told you because Lucio was never a must pick while Mercy was literally a must pick...
Yeah they had Taimou on fucking Winston at one point lol, it’s pretty clear that Dallas especially were experimenting a lot as well as the three Korean teams. Meanwhile, Outlaws didn’t actually looked like they experimented too much and came out swinging. But I don’t think they will be too weak, but I’m not sure they will finish top three.
Zenyatt was also had so little health when the game launched, he wasn’t to viable at 150 hp, so we effectively had two hearts.
All this arguments but almost no one mentioned that Lucio was actually never a must pick like Mercy was. OP, you do realize that Lucio only had 90-100% pickrate in pro play, but always had 50% or lower in the ladder. Never before has there been a character with as much presence as Mercy, not Reinhardt during his glory days, Ana at the peak of triple rank, D.VA, Soldier at his peak, or Winston at the peak of dive. While all of them achieved insanely high pick rates in pro play, this was not reflected in the ladder. Mercy did something no other character did. She achieved a 100% pickrate from Bronze all the way to Grandmaster and even beyond, with a basically 100% pick rate in pro tournaments. Never has a character done this, Mercy is a must pick on a level Lucio never achieved.
I really don’t know why the guys responding are being so dense for no reason, it’s pretty easy to know that hoarfrost, wards, or Bellicas Drones aren’t fucking projectiles lmao (like no shit), the concept of projectiles in videos games isn’t that complicated.

I come from Overwatch and it’s pretty well known how projectiles in the game works, (D.VA forced everyone to know since she has an ability that destroys any projectile), and Overwatch has a very consistent rules on what’s a projectile and what not, while Paragon does not. 

Btw, hows Kallari’s jump a projectile, that one does make no sense, and Riktors hook is a it more complicated.
Umm, Reinhardt can look up when using his shield, his shield moves in his view. Reinhardt has much more movement than Steel does when he uses his shield, you can use Reinhardt to block projectiles from above, you can move around instantly, so 180s or 360s very quick, jump around. And they also added a free cam too, if you press a certain button you can look around. Unfortunately he wasn’t meta for a while now, rip.
You are lost because you are using very broad definitions. A laser or beam is generally not treated like a projectile in video games. Generally, in video games and what the person above you means, solid objects are treated as projectiles that can be reflected and blocked. Look at Yins deflect, it is more believable to players and makes more logically sense if she can smack back to objects, but can not smack back a laser/beam. Laser and energy beams are different since they are not solid objects. Steps barrier should still block them since it is an energy field, but in general, beams and lasers act differently than other projectiles that are solid.
I do agree with your original statement, most of the posts are pretty good on r/competitiveoverwatch, if they aren’t dealing with Mercy, no where else has as much discussion of the esport side of things. When it does come with Mercy, there is this elitism that occurs in the subreddit, especially against Mercy mains. Now, I always knew that Mercy needed a nerf, and I do have a couple comments in the past dealing with that but I eventually stop because it becomes redundant.

However, removing Rez from Mercy and adding a new ability was always a popular opinion in competitive Overwatch. I saw it recommend more there than here. And they do whine about Junkrat a lot, just not as much as Mercy because as you said, she is more prevalent and dictates the current meta, having a large pickrate from Bronze all the way to Pro play, something no other character has achieved (at one time she enjoyed a nearly 100 % pickrate from Bronze to pro tournaments). 

And Jakes Junkrat shutting down Dynasty is not a good example honestly. Jake put a lot of time into Junkrat, I feel he is one of the best Junk players in the league. Jake chose Junkrat and played him intelligently abusing the moving platform and Dynasty switched to pharah too late. This is no different to when Fl0w3rs Widowmaker, Profit’s tracer or Effects Doomfist shutting down teams during different matches, a pro player that put a ton of effort into a cheracter can dictate the match if the team fails to counter him. And in the end of the day, Mercy saw a lot more play than Junkrat.
Yeah, the scene is too young and small to justify this. Plus it’s still in beta, the esports scene is not going to be a main priority for now.

For example, during Overwatch Beta, Blizzard did very little to grow the scene, all of it grew naturally. It was organized by the community, bigger and bigger tournaments happened, and eventually large organizations like EnvyUs, team Liquid etc, bought teams, plus the scene took of in Korea,making the game hyper competitive. It wasn’t until September did Blizzard run their own tournament and even then didn’t do much until 2017 and ran World Cup and announced Overwatch League, which will kick off this year.


I use Overwatch because Blizzard is much more hands on for their games then others are, plus it’s a scene that recently developed, starting off two years ago.
It is, take a look at NYXL. Before people were saying that they were all Korean and made a big deal, but by the time the preseason started, they have one of the larger fan bases, they had a lot of people cheer for them there.
How could they scale this back if this is being paid by the organizations, the ones that already invested $20 million? The infrastructure that will be built is going to be paid by them, not Blizzard
If it’s actually burn in, then yeah you have a defect, OLED displays do not burn in that fast at all. I had mind for a month now and no burn in, and my Nexus 6P took like 9 months to show some, but I put that phone on manual brightness and set it high for quite a bit. Auto brightness actually helps prevent burn in.
What about the Dallas based team where only one player is American. 
Why are you acting like they never going to do that if Blizzard has said, multiple times, that all the teams will later build infrastructure in their respective cities, season 1 is where they all given time for them to build infrastructure.


Btw, Spitfire is already in talks with local organizations and are already starting moving forward with plans to invest in their infrastructure there 
That’s the end goal of OWL, where the players will move to the city to live there. London Spitfire has plans on building a large home stadium for the team, with bars and stuff and places to interact with the team. Just that Season 1, the teams will be in LA to give them time to build infrastructure 
Yeah, I still think Apollo is a good app, it’s just some small things that I miss from Android Reddit Clients, nothing too major. The app is young and I do hope that the devs from Apollo looks at some of the better Android apps as well to see some of the things they do right.  

One of the good Android Reddit Clients (IMO), Slide for Reddit, is making his app here for iOS though it might take a while. One of the things it differentiate it self from other clients is just how customizable it is, as well as having a ton of features.
If you think iOS has a lot of Reddit options, you should see how many Reddit apps are on Android
I might be in the minority, but I still don’t think Apollo is as good as some of the Android Reddit Clients, and I think it’s still behind apps like Slide, Sync or Boost for Reddit, especially Sync. Biggest thing I miss from Android Reddit apps is that they have a much better compact mode than any of the iOS apps, I feel they are structured better, the sidebar is more accessible in Sync than Apollo, and they are much more customizable. I’m waiting for the Slide for Reddit dev to release his app on iOS.
Yep, Ana was being pushed out in favor by Zenyatta long before Mercy got buffed, and Lucio was the one pushed out by Mercy.
Have you tried sharing us what she built and the replay? This is technically witch hunting you know...


Edit: Actually, I found it on Agora.gg, you were Grux and went 2 - 13, OP is in mid silver and this guy shows no signs of being a hacker. She bought Power taps. Fuck off OP. 
He has gotten a large buff in his attack speed scaling, he is much more like an ADC now because he can shoot fast, he is one of the more popular ones now. Add in trapper or OPD and he hits hard. He adds a lot of utility and back it up is a death sentence to almost everyone, you end up getting CC chained. He’s actually the best ADC in the game right now, up there with Revenent, all other ADCs trail behind hard.

I disagree with the CC that  Epic just slapped it on, it’s a staple of the genre, the problem is the lack of cards and gems to counter it. In DoTa or LoL, if you don’t have the items, then if you get caught in a cc chain, you are fucked, and most likely out of position, no different here. We need more cards and gems though, I do agree. Gideon is no longer heavily criticized, people are already learning to play against him.

And the 30-35 minutes was from where someone analyzed thousands of League matches and this was the average length. But maybe it’s outdated by now so I need to look up a newer source.
Let’s get to the core of the problem, which is that the league is franchised. Do you know who franchises their sports? The United States. You know who doesn’t? Europe. So when Blizzard announced OWL, it was American investors that rushed to invest. Now what about South Korea, the juggernaut in esports. Why do they only have one team? Well, Korean organizations don’t trust Blizzard, especially after they killed the once thriving Starcraft 2 scene. Is season 1 of OWL is successful, then we may see more cities in different regions.

>Why is the Spitfire on the Atlantic team when they’re basically a Korean team?

Because we are looking where they are based, and London is right next to the Atlantic Ocean.. Yankees is not a Dominican team no? Yes the London spitfire is more extreme as they only have Korean players, but Jack, the owner of spitfire, explained why they went this route. He made a long post that I need to pop up again, but it basically boiled down to then buying the London spot but could not get European players on the roster because either they were poached by other teams or contract issues with existing organizations. It is not ideal of course.

> Why is Dallas a oviduct league when it's closer to the Atlantic? 

I’m assuming that you mean Pacific and now it matters Dallas location? Since Dallas has only one American but everyone else is foreign but funny how no one brings this up. Anyways, let’s look at the existing cities no, because this isn’t a difficult problem. Miami, NY, Philadelphia, Boston and London are clearly on the Atlantic Ocean or near it.The two Los Angeles teams, San Francisco. Seoul, and Shanghai are clearly on the Pacific. This leaves behind Houston and Dallas. Houston is closer to the Atlantic than Dallas and to make the two divisions even (which is how sports do their divisions) Dallas goes to the Pacific Division and Houston to the Atlantic.
On the bright side, most of the American cities are represented by Europeans.
Yep, I don’t know why he is acting like Steel did nothing. Look at the clip, steel took almost all the damage until he died, OP had almost full health until Steel fell, that shows that Steel did a very good job at peeling, which was his job. But OP failed at doing the damage and ultimately failed at his part of the job. In the end, the minions helped out too, there was like 15 minions shooting phase and Sparrow 
In the Overwatch Community, there’s this pretty big rift between the competitive players and more casual ones. Most of the people that care about esports and the competitive scene moved to r/CompetitiveOverwatch , while r/Overwatch is the casual side.


There is a big argument on one trick players, and I personally don’t like that mentality, especially in a game that allows you to fucking switch mid match. Some people said that they are trying their best at the hero to win so it doesn’t matter, but others argue that playing a character that is being hard countered by the enemy and refusing to switch despite feeding the enemy team is not trying their hardest. 
You went on a long rant about wraith and said his only good role is support, but he is mostly played as a carry and mid lane, and his damage is very good now, I don’t know what you are talking about, he is one of the stronger characters at the moment. Also, you complain about stuns, but a majority of League characters have some type of CC, MOBAs in general have a shit ton of CC, the problem is the lack of cleanse cards. I do think Fangtooth spawn times are too quick. But the average matches I have are always around 30 minutes but I’m only 1400 and I hear they get around 20-24 minutes in higher elo matches. But League’s average match length is 30-35 minutes....
lol exactly, you hear the bell and you are rooted at the exact same time, you can’t so no enemies except Rev, how can you not tell.
He is talking about the overall game cursed cards are risky. The risk is putting on a card early game you have no idea you really need. Maybe you didn’t need sprykin early game and now late game you can’t build as tanky or hard hitting as you wanted, you effectively have two slots. It’s about late game effectiveness.

He is saying cursed cards are risky by limiting your choices late game and going they pay off. Ultimately, if Fireball and Red zone aren’t working, then you can take that shit off, but imagine if they were cursed, then you fucked up.

>Really... is this a joke, what kind of a discussion is that

You don’t even understand what’s he is arguing for, this is not necessary.
Except they did give a legitimate reason. As battery degrades but cpu still asks for the same power, the phone dies earlier. Apple actually told people they were going to do this in patch notes but no one realized. But it was a small footnote.

The Nexus 6P has batteries that degrade incredibly quick, some people had there battery degrade by 50% in only a year. This lead to severe problems. Other Lg devices, and a previous iPhone, the 6, also suffered from this and throttling the cpu is not a bad solution to prevent more severe problems. The bigger problem was how quiet Apple was about this and they should of been more open.
On the Nexus 6P thing, Google never fixed the boot loop issue. In the end, people that bought the phone from Google did have a a chance of getting it replaced with a Pixel, but if you bought it through others, like from Huawei themselves, you were basically fucked since Google never actually fixed the issue. For several months people looked into the problem and on XDA, someone actually found the solution, disable four of the eight cores, the high performance ones, lo and behold, throttling the cup saves the phone. And Google themselves were sued for this problem but nothing came out (for selling phones that ended up having severe boot loop issues and battery issues but never truly fixing them). But since it’s an Android phone and Google, and no where near as popular as an iPhone, Reddit didn’t really give a shit. But Reddit hates Apple, I honestly avoid talking about tech and phones anywhere else outside of r/Android and the Apple subreddits, people usually just spout nonsense, I’m sorry but it’s true.
Yeah, most people are just blindly reading headlines and aren’t really looking into it. A good example of what happens when you don’t throttle the cpu is the iPhone 6 and Nexus 6P, where the battery would end up dieing at 15% and the Nexus dieing randomly at 40% and ultimately bootloops. People found out how to fix it since Google never did, and surprise surprise, it was disabling the higher end cores and throttling the cpu to revive the phone from its boot loop. 


But trying to have an unbiased conversation on Apple in Reddit? Lol that’s impossible, except if you are in r/Android (they actually don’t blindly hate Apple) or the Apple subreddits.
Ah ok thanks, I need to watch more dev streams. This means Wukong is OP as fuck, I highly doubt even Severog could compete with him at his peak.
Do you know where epic said this? Was this all in a dev stream when they confirmed he’s not from this universe or is this based on the lack of planet behind him? Just curious.
Yeah I used it. But now i have an iPhone and it doesn’t exist here. Is there any similar app?
He’s talking about the original fix that came out, which had poor performance. An updated fix came out and the phone works almost the same as before.
This thread is just shitting on Android wow. It’s really not that bad.
As had been said several times, stuns are abundant in MOBAs, what we really need is more counters in the cards and what not.
Lucio is a character in Overwatch that has the ability to push people with his gun, to hoop people basically. Here, Op uses Howitzer to displace someone aka boop someone, hence the reference to Lucio (though the two displace people in completely different ways and other wise the two characters are completely different).
Most modern smartphones easily reach a high enough brightness, for few years now, especially the flagship phones.
Bank app and Vainglory. PlayStation app is not updated but the PlayStation messages one is. Also, while discord updated for the X, I’m not a big fan of how they did it.
I got mine last week and I still don’t got a case on it. I don’t even know what case I want for it, so I just ordered a cheap silicone case in the meanwhile.
Usually there is a sticky for the Nexus Cup but not one for the Grand Finals. And it’s a shame too, it’s a good tournament.
OWL Korean teams aren’t scrimming with the remaining top teams anymore though right? Considering they are all in LA. 

But yeah, the new Mercy Meta is something that the OWL teams weren’t built with in mind, but I am sure they can adapt, considering that’s what they were built in mind.
The smartphone industry is dominated by a Duopoly of Apple and Samsung. Something like 91-96% of the profit of this industry (varies by quarter) goes to either company, with Apple taking in like 70% and Samsung takes the remaining 25%. 
That’s probably the profit share. Apple takes in 74% of the profit, Samsung takes in 25% of he profit and the rest of the companies like HTC and LG take in a tiny percentage.
Yeah, the best combo now is Mercy plus Zenyatta, though Lucio plus Ana or Lucio plus Zenyatta is stop sorta viable 
Nah they won against them, he’s probably referring to LA gladiators because Spitfire lost against them.
Isn’t there a soft lock on to Murdock  snipe though?

Edit: Unless you were wraith 