You can just download it from APKmirror 
It's slightly different on the S9 compared to the S8, but you can sideload it. I'm not sure if the S7's is different again 
Okay same. I was wondering if it was just our teachers bending the rules to be nice, like in physics they'd placed the circuit equipment in the positions we'd need to plug them in lol
Weird, guess we must be the odd ones out. The bio teachers were worried because it didn't work at all last year and they had to give out results but they told us a few days ago once they were allowed to test it that had been working well.  

Did you have to do the dilutions yourselves or were you given the 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 vol solutions?
It worked fine for everyone in my school. You did the one with catalase and copper sulphate right?
What? It worked perfectly for everyone at my school
Get yourself entered if you still can. I think you keep the highest grade either way so if you're finding it too much extra work just don't revise for it 
Do you have any tips for dealing with long term stress? It's A Level year for me and I've had a persistent flare-up since January which I can only seem to attribute to exam stress
I think there must've been something wrong as I recorded a video and at the start it appears like this but after an adjustment the shoulders look normal. They're holding it for me to go back and take measurements for some adjustments. If the shoulders area remains off what should I ask for them to do to clean it up? Thanks for the help :) I'm very new to buying suits and am not familiar with what to look for 
188cm
In Asia they probably actually work the hours the US Suits guys are shown to :P
Do you mind sharing? I haven't found it on another thread :(
Thanks for your feedback. I definitely see what you mean about the shoulder. I didn't notice it while trying it on and the shoulders felt like they fit very well. They're holding it for me to go and take measurements for alterations so when I go back I'll try it on again and see if it was just weirdly placed for the photo 
This is a 41 and a 40 was too tight. I'm not too sure what to do
I can't compare them to Brannocks unfortunately as I don't own any. I wear a 9.5 snug or a 10 loose in pretty much all sneakers. For Ultraboosts I've gone up to 10.5, and could even go to 11 to have them fit slightly less snug.
Can anyone reccomend some Oxford shoes I can get in the UK for <£100?  

I've been looking at Clarks mainly so far as they're the only formal shoe brand I know :P
I think they do the distressing very very well and they just do look great imo
I quite like them in general, but not the ones you've linked in particular
The phrasing of the comment makes it sound like your talking about phones in general, not just the haptic feedback. That's how I interpreted it upon first read, and thought you were being a bit ignorant saying Pixel 2 is 'good for an Android'.  

Only after continuing to read this thread did I realise your comment was about the haptic feedback only, on which I would agree with your comment. Perhaps others have become confused about teh same thing?
Happens to me 
I'm not sure if your point about insurance choices is always true. If you don't want to go to anywhere bar those two, you might as well put Durham down as insurance even if it has higher entry requirements, as they may be lenient about them on results day and you could end up getting in to he course anyway if St Andrews aren't lenient   

Universities often inflate their entry requirements to make themselves look better and then let many people with below those in. However, given your course is maths, those grades don't seem terribly inflated. 
Unless you're school is incredibly, incredibly strict it's probably not something to worry about.
I think is depends a lot on personal preference. Some people may enjoy the 'small' university community vibe while others may like the freedom of being in London and being able to go somewhere and not have everyone you run into be someone you know 
My exam board lets you assume the value of 1/4πε0 as 9x10^9, is this not standard?
Yeah most of them are there 
Lmao forgot to include it. 

[Here](https://zigzageducation.co.uk/subjects/ict/computer-science/as-a-level-wjec-2015)
[This] is the one I used. Someone else who's school had purchased it sent me the PDF because they don't sell individual licenses
They're okay in terms of style, not so great on quality. They're okay for basics but I'd never go much above that, and make sure you check the materials used as most of their stuff is polyester rather than cotton 
Zigzag revision guide saved my arse for AS
*Now* they have, yes 
Yes, but they guy you're replying to is arguing that the wording of the letter was at fault for the misunderstanding, not solely the translation to English 
Pick any subject you think is good. Then look at maths. Maths is better 
I don't believe I've received it
Yes
I think the plain black and plain white colourways look pretty slick 
May be worth posting on a US subreddit like r/teenagers as they'll probably know more than us about the US exams 
What brands do you get from SportsDirect? My current Tesco no shows work fine with my Ultraboosts because of the way they fit but they fall off within seconds in other looser fitting shoes
Anyone have some recommendations for no show socks readily available in the UK? Are any of the ones available on Amazon decent?
404 for me as well
Haha I read it correctly but wrote it wrong in my reply. Still S3 isn't usually an AS module
Just look at the old past papers and do as much as you can. May also be worth looking at papers from other exam boards, both old and new spec.  

You may argue that the format is different and stuff but doing any questions will improve your ability, and in fact doing lots of formats of questions will stop you just learning the method of solving only certain types of questions, which tends to be how maths is taught at a level 
How did you do ~~step 3~~ S3 at AS?
12 total - 6 maths, 2 Phys, 2 bio, 2 STEP
6 a level maths, 2 step? Or 2 resits?
Not in NYC sorry
Probably not gonna find Ultraboosts anywhere discounted very much unless they're 2nd hand 
Yeah only place I see myself wearing it in the near future is prom or other rare very formal events 
That makes sense thank you
Levi's 519
Hey man I'm definitely very interested in this. Thanks for doing this it's very generous of you and good luck to everyone else. 
Would you mind sending me it as well? Thank you 
You can sometimes find Ultraboosts on sale for ~$100. Anything below $130 I'd say is a good deal for them
I can definitely recommend Pocket Casts. I do see you've asked for free ones but I'd say Pocket Casts is well worth the small price
Yes
I have an S8+ which is abnormally tall and I have sides cropped and also borders top and bottom where a 16:9 display would end 
I've had it appear in my own playlists in the last week and in curated ones for at least a month or two 
The artist uploads the graphic I believe 
Yeah I think that's how it's normally done, or at least how mine does it. You're with the regular maths class for the reg maths modules and then separate class for FM
Yeah I would guess but usually I see people saying maths and FM separately or double maths 
Maths is the best subject
further maths without maths?
Yeah I've got FP1 May 14th then nothing til early June 
I completely agree with this post. The point of supercurriculars is showing you're interested in a subject, not just being able to list a bunch of organised events or qualifications you've got. 
You're right it was Statistics with CS joint course. I had misunderstood
The second photo seems to show it visible when tied 
Yeah it's Imperial, they're the only ones that require it for straight CS. Thanks :)
Doing compsci not maths :)
I'm pretty sure it's on the front 
Anything from mid thigh to about half an inch above the knee. Also make sure they're not skin tight you can afford to go a bit looser on shorts than trousers 
I don't personally like the black ones but love the whites, especially with the kingsnake embroidery
Is wearing a tie with some sort of graphic on it like [this one](https://www.gucci.com/uk/en_gb/pr/men/mens-accessories/mens-ties/mens-pattern/kingsnake-underknot-silk-tie-p-4521714E0024000?position=29&listName=PGEU4Cols&categoryPath=Men/Mens-Accessories/Mens-Ties) a bit tacky?
Thanks. He says he had data off so I wouldn't think any of the remote tracking and wiping stuff would work but he also said he's been able to see the location of the phone 
Is wearing a tie with some sort of graphic on it like [this one](https://www.gucci.com/uk/en_gb/pr/men/mens-accessories/mens-ties/mens-pattern/kingsnake-underknot-silk-tie-p-4521714E0024000?position=29&listName=PGEU4Cols&categoryPath=Men/Mens-Accessories/Mens-Ties) a bit tacky?
No tie is actually quite popular at the moment. Whether it's appropriate would depend on the formality of your prom
Generally, no. However there are some rare cases that you can pull it off
The comfort is definitely better today and yesterday than the first day for me, I also think I may've done them up too tight that day.  
Thank you I've forwarded this info on :)
Hey if you don't get in you can tell him 'I told you so' :P
What the fuck that's a 5 A level offer. Cam supposedly doesn't even do 4 A level offers
I'm not a big fan of high top shoes in general, but thanks for the recommendation :)
Nah I'm doing A levels. The maths in the background is STEP - a university entrance exam here in the UK 
Levi's 519 (super skinny)
It's not cable. It's for the state run television channel. We also have 'cable' in the form of Sky/Virgin TV
:)
Haha I hadn't reached that far :P
£8/month. £96 compared to £150 per year is a fairer comparison 
I'm not sure I understand
This are pretty average tightness skinny jeans for Europe. Perhaps the trend is slightly baggier in NA?
This is part of what I like about them. They fill the same role without feeling like a CP copy 
They were operating for the gall bladder and also found his appendix was ruptured, so removed that too. This is according to Avicii's tweets at the time of the operation
I've recently bought the Axel Arigato Clean 90s, which I've seen mentioned a few times on the sub but have never seen anyone write much of a review.  

They are very nice quality leather sneakers and I think the all white colourway looks very nice and gives the same aesthetic as Common Projects at a much more affordable price point. They also come with a pair of Axel Arigato chopsticks if you're into that.  

I went for my 'average' size, 10 UK - I wear 9.5 in Inikis, 10 in Janoskis and dressier shoes and 10.5-11 in Ultraboosts for reference, and I think they fit well, though slightly narrow for me as I have wide feet. They are pretty uncomfortable before being broken in. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who's been on the fence or wants a minimal white sneaker 

It seems to me that RCS is being accepted more in the non-US world. 
I've been messaging a friend of mine who's in a different country to me over RCS and not been billed any extra for international messaging - only using up a fraction of my data 
I am charged for the data each message uses, so I just have a tiny about come out of my plan as if I were using WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger. This is with Vodafone UK and stated in their information page about Message+ (what their marketing for RCS is)
In android messages, the send arrow will say SMS below it if it's going to be sent as SMS
At the moment yes because they don't use the universal profile. If/when they do you'll be able to use Android Messages or third party apps which support it (assuming the API is made public)
It's very finicky. It showed up for me on Android Messages and then wouldn't on Samsung Messages (which also supports it), whereas for my friend it showed up on Samsung Messages and wouldn't on Android Messages 
My carrier, Vodafone UK, doesn't charge for RCS messages
Getting both is the best thing to do but I dropped about £100 on calculators to do that 
Ah that's not something I've personally noticed. 
I'm not sure if they fit. I got my 'average' size (10UK) which I wear in Nike Janoskis, but in Iniki Boosts I wear 9.5 and Ultraboosts a 10.5/11. They feel a little loose with the laces loose but fine when tightened up, whereas my other shoes I mostly wear with the laces very loose. However I feel like a size down would be too narrow, especially as some of the pain I'm experiencing right now is on each of my pinky toes
I don't see any reason to take the provided insole out. It's what really gives it the edge for comfort over NMDs and similar shoes 
Take them to a Levi's store. I did it with 2 pairs that ripped within 2 months and they replaced them for me. It's worth a shot even though yours have lasted much longer 
Black is one of the easiest colours to wear I find
I've just bought my first pair of designer leather sneakers (Axel Arigato Clean 90s) and they're really quite painful to walk in after a bit.  

Is this something that would improve after wearing them in? 
In terms of comfort I don't think anything comes close to Ultraboosts. 
I personally hate the look of Converses so I'd say avoid that. 
Practice. You'll get quicker the more you do and with the exam adrenaline will make you go quicker anyway 
You can easily enough just plug your answers into the original equation on a scientific calculator
Nah I disagree. The FX991EX is really nice and easy to use. You don't really need a graphical calculator for further maths, let alone just single maths. If I had to pick one calculator to take into my exams between my FX991EX and my FX9860GII (graphical) I'd pick the former every time  
Fucking hell my school is supposed to be full time but loads of people walk in and out and they just get told 'dont do it again'
You'll only be doing 2.5 A Levels then
Just because it's middle Eastern doesn't mean it's dangerous. Also Avicii probably has the money to stay safe wherever he goes
Oh wow ok on WJEC it's worth like 10%
Is this the practical analysis paper? I wouldn't worry they are very easy and not worth a large percentage of the total grade. Last year not a single person in my school got below an A in any of the practicals (bio, phys and chem)  

Edit: wtf why the downvotes 
Yeah maths and physics aren't particularly heavy on content, especially maths. It'll probably be a lot of work but I suppose it would look good in an application - whether that is worth the stress of doing it all in a year is up to you
Completely agree. The gesture navigation is the best thing about the iPhone X
I think for most people, interception from a middle man would be the primary concern and less so about governments accessing the data
Same here 
I'd give up my citizenship if they made me take an oath to the Queen
I've had the opposite experience - your lifestyle inflates so what previously was luxury to you is now just standard and you keep needing to spend more and more to get that feeling
You can easily burn through £35 million quickly. 
Nah my year is especially bad because I'm doing 4 a levels, one of which is self taught, and STEP. For most it's not as stressful :P
I miss AS because it was so much calmer :'(
I guess it's an oversight since most people use a pattern or code with fingerprint or iris scanning
Do you not have any kind of lock?
Do you have a link I can't seem to find it?
It's very easy to pick up. However CS academics, at least at Imperial College as those are the only ones I have experience with, don't like Python as they say it's not structured well to handle large projects. 
Thank you :)
Most likely no. There are a few exceptions, like Warwick say they don't consider people who took 3 years to do a levels. However since you're switching to year 12 rather than resitting so it's possible they would. I'd say go for it 
I don't think we do on this one lmao
Preparation will depend on the subject 
So you would put the tissue in the tub and use that to apply the cream?
But this is a big company charging £10 for 5 day shipping. I'd have more understanding if it were a smaller company. I paid less (15CAD) for international shipping to the UK from a small Canadian brand.  

You're right in that I'd already decided, but I'd decided not to do it. It was not worth the £10 nor the time to process the return 
They ship so much I doubt it will actually cost them anywhere near that much, especially when other companies can offer free next day for items less than £10 eveb
Is the one I linked no good? I prefer a lotion to a cream and I'm worried about the tub getting infected as it doesn't have a squirty handle thing 
You don't need FM for Econ except at Cam and LSE, as others have said. Honestly, I'd say replacing geo or RS with FM will give you a stronger set of a levels for applying for an econ degree anyway. However I have no experience with humanities as everything I've done is very stem centric
Yeah they were my first pair of UBs and I was bit coerced by a hypebeast friend of mine. I got my second pair for £100 which I think is a fair price for Ultraboosts
Yeah I can see how having the calf a lot narrower than the thigh could look a bit off 
Thanks! They're steep for me. The most I've spent for shoes before this was £130 for Ultraboosts so they were expensive for me :P
I've managed to flash CRB7 using a zip from XDA but I couldn't find another for CRC7
I wouldn't consider Burberry a chavvy brand. I'd say avoid Fred Perry, Allsaints, Lyle & Scott and maybe Ralph Lauren (it seems to be worn by chavs trying to look rich and rich people who think it's good quality). I hesitate to include Tommy Hilfiger in the list because, while it is frequently worn by chavs, it is very popular in general at the moment
[This](https://kotn.com/products/hoodie) hoodie in Dark 'Pomegranate' by Kotn looks similar and I can personally vouch for it being good quality
If anything they look too loose around the calf and ankle to me 
The bag looks like Louis Vuitton and the belt Gucci
I'm not too keen on the stripes
You could try getting some different shades of beige, so it's not exactly the same every time
Anyone have any opinions on the Axel Arigato Clean 90? I've just placed an order because they look like a very slick Common Projects'y shoe and I currently don't own and white shoes, but I'm wondering if the relatively steep price tag is worth it
I don't think it's supplied to the UK since I've tried a few other drug stores who also don't have it, and I would guess Amazon's is shipping internationally causing the price rise.
The main high street drug store (Boots) doesn't seem to stock it 
Thanks. It seems to be £23 per tub here in the UK from Amazon. Does that sound about right?
Mine never started automatically playing even with Nougat
Is [this](http://www.boots.com/eucerin-dry-skin-intensive-lotion-with-cutaneous-emulsion-urea-250ml-10022069) Eucerin original?
They gave a £10 Play Store voucher for taking 18 months to remove my credit card details from my account, as the web interface wouldn't let me 
Unless they block VPS providers as well
Will end up worse off long term if grades suffer 
I was wearing black unfortunately, but I was there with my mother so was also thinking they may be trying to go for a family vibe
Can you do FP3 without covering the FP2 content?
I got insanely lucky and scored front row seats while not even turning up early. I've been trying to pinpoint why they just picked us out to come to the front. My best theory is they like certain coloured clothes or something 
Yeah the French address with a UK domain seemed suspicious to me. Guess I'll avoid it 
Is nustyles.co.uk legit? I was looking for some Common Projects and this site came up on Google Shopping. I'm not sure if it's legit as they seem to have quite large discounts. Anyone have any experience with them?
I'll admit I moved my stuff to sheets from docs after seeing his method
Google sheets, questions in one column, answers in the other. Make the answer column white and go through the questions. Repeat until I can answer every question quickly.  
You need the passion to get through 6 years of med school and often interviewers will notice lack of passion. Not trying to discourage you from doing medicine if that's what you want to do, but you do need to be sure of it 
Don't do med just because your parents want you to
WJEC, but this doesn't seem like it should vary by exam board 
Were you on CRAP before the update?  

Also a friend of mine with this update said he noticed a small improvement with regards to battery
You do on WJEC. Can't speak for AQA unfortunately
It does have Physics channels if you assign the rank
What's wrong with the existing maths server?
It all depends on your ability. For a lot of people I'd say it's possible to get 3As with half the revision you're suggesting, assuming you're doing sciences and maths - I have no experience with humanities subjects and their workloads.  

Also, try not to measure your revision by time but by progress - measuring it by time will encourage inefficiency and doing easy stuff just to fill up the time, whereas measuring by progress will ensure you're actually improving
No maths in your uni course?
You shouldn't really do FM without covering the single Maths content - I assume your college course covers this given you're jumping straight to FM.  
Integralmaths.org is fantastic and what I have been using to self-study FM. Also examsolutions and Eddie Woo on YouTube are helpful if you want certain topics explained
I don't really think of Nando's as a family place.  

To add to the list - Strada, Prezzo, ASK Italian, decent upscale pubs, Juboraj, Jamie's, Beefeater
In the UK I've noticed slightly different trends as well. Adidas is definitely much more popular than Vans and Nike for shoes, and mainly for Superstars and the others that look pretty similar to those rather than for Ultraboosts, NMDs, Yeezys, etc. that I would associate more with streetwear. The North Face also seems to be very popular recently, I think in part due to the grime scene. 
They're like £50-60 rrp in Europe as well so about the same
I revise using questions rather than notes. I make a spreadsheet and put questions in one column and answers in another. I go through my booklets and instead of just writing down information, I'll think of what a question asking about that information could be like and write that down, along with the answer. Then you can set text in the answer column to white and quiz yourself on the questions, and then colour code the cells based on how well you know that question so you know which to revise more in future
It's just nice to have some information
Just saying they're still working on it every couple hours is reassuring to many
It's just expected you stay for such events in these kinds of jobs, and in most cases your salary will account for that
Set up a macro to just spam the launch button while you're gone :P
Sleep. Not worth it just for the off chance they fix it soon
Reports coming in would use barely any server resources so I don't think that's it. Clips I could imagine causing server stress
It's possible but I'd say unlikely, as someone who has been through the Cam application process. You'd have to have outstanding UMS to compensate for it, and as you don't have AS exams to demonstrate that it would likely all come down to the interview/admissions test, assuming they even got one given those grades 
Reply this to op so they can see this
They've changed the map HUD so it doesn't show the other tabs and think they no longer exist 
Are they available as a flashable zip or will I have to use Odin?
Yeah
Versace, Balmain, Amiri
I'm still on CRAP
Can sort of check without limits as well - just introduce your own! E.g. use the integration function on your calc from 1 to 2 and then do the same with your algebraic answer. Obviously you could come across a situation where a wrong solution gives the same answer as the correct solution using this checking method, but most of the time this won't be the case.  

You can do the same trick with differentiation questions
I'm really not a fan of this new 'GUCCY' thing they're doing 
Why banking apps?
Yeah there are people in my school from pretty poor families that have iPhone 8s, Xs etc, and others that have net worths in the single digit millions that have budget Android phones or iPhone 5s 
Most of my friends (me included) with Android phones spend way more than people with iPhones. I change phones a little over every year but my iPhone friends keep theirs for like 3+ years.  

One thing I always envy about iPhones is general smoothness of animations and the supposed superior privacy
https://discord.gg/gv48Zfq
No it means that your eyes will get tired after looking at the screen all day, but if you stop looking at it for a bit they'll rest 
My optician said using the PC too much doesn't cause any long term harm, just short term strain. That is unless you're using it at a bad angle or something else strange
Snacking doesn't help, for me at least. Also, stopping revision for a few minutes to eat your meal is probably a good break 
Shouldn't have to disable core parts of the phone
Ah guess they must not exist then
I relaunched the client and now can't login to that either :(
Probably clicked by mistake, otherwise I'd guess just a bug and not an indication of custom games coming 
low elo bois
That's what pops up when you click that button lol
Doing roughly 4 hours a day but not terribly efficiently 
I was comparing it more to the likes of Warwick, which it ranks higher than. I'm not comparing it to Surrey or Loughborough which seem sketchily high on the tables 
They're really not for CS. Their prestige is pretty much wholely from their med school
I'm thinking of doing it if I don't get into my firm this year
He does long-form very often though - he does do lots of talks/speeches about social media businesses and stuff
Ah okay. Thank you 
I only get one white daily mission and I have the battle pass
No worries :)
From low to high budget I'd recommend Champion, KOTN, Reigning Champs.  
Gucci hoodies are also pretty popular recently in the higher end but I think they feel really thin for a hoodie
But that is still using the quadratic factor (z-2-i)(z-2+i) 
Ah I do know that method. I must've misunderstood as I thought OP was saying there was some other way to do the bit here without using quadratic factors
Out of curiosity, what is the other way you do it? This is the only method I've ever used for questions of the sort
One man's loss is another man's gain
Thanks! I definitely like the Vans price point a lot more. 
Thanks for the suggestion! Those look nice, but I wish they had a fully white version. Unfortunately they all seem to be paired with cream laces or sole which I'm not a fan of. 
Hey guys, as someone who's everyday style is probably more /r/streetwear than /r/MFA, I've been trying to get at least a couple smarter casual outfits.  

Could I get some opinions on what shoes would look good with [this](http://i.imgur.com/qtl4PHh.jpg) outfit? I'd preferably like something casual, like sneakers, which I could wear normally with jeans, or something smart enough to wear with a suit, so I'm not just buying a pair of shoes for this specific outfit.  

Thanks :)
It was not stock for me. Downloading it now
I've been thinking about picking these up. Does anyone have some on feet pics?
Pixel 1 is around £300 now isn't it. I'd say it's an okay deal but when you can get S8 for £500 it's probs worth doing that
Does St Andrews ask for UMS?
I'm on Vodafone UK and friend is on Cosmote (GR)
I just max out as many high interest current accounts as I can, which means I have a decent sum of money as an emergency fund that I can access quickly and easily and it's not all with one institution. Anything over that I then look at investing. This strategy works well for me 
You don't need an income if you don't request an overdraft I believe. I have an income of 0 but have opened high interest accounts with Nationwide, Santander, TSB and Lloyds 
Breakup goggles 
Well it only seems to work with a small portion of the apps I use so I can only assume apps need to implement it
tell them to hand you the cash
Same but only slightly
Ah damn it seems my advice is a bit outdated then. Scrapping AS is only going to push elite courses to use more admissions test
Ah right okay. That's a shame because AS ums is a very good indicator of A2 performance at the top level, 
Ah yes I suppose I've never really delved into overdrafts so overlooked them
Exactly. The only reason I'll pick one up is just because it's quite fun to use 
Do people consider them op? I find they're really easy to block and you're so vulnerable while shooting them
Now that it's been pointed out, I realise like half the staff at any Waitrose I go to seem quite socially awkward
I would say I was confident; people around me would probably say arrogant and it would be hard to disagree with them :P  

I was expecting mostly A\*s with 2 or 3 As in subjects I despised (e.g. RE). I ended up doing better than expected despite my relative lack of effort in many subjects.  

I found science and maths based GCSEs very easy but humanities, like English, very stressful. I have been told GCSEs are harder now but unless they've changed the distribution they use for the grade boundaries it's probably still as easy/difficult to achieve each grade.  

I completely understand finding GCSEs stressful, but even from next year they're not going to seem nearly as important. Even for the top university courses, as long as you have decent GCSEs with good grades in relevant subjects and do well at your ASes (especially for Cam you want to go for 100UMS, not just enough to get an A as I, regretfully, did).  

This doesn't mean I don't think you should work hard for them, but I think doing something like 3 hours a day is a bit overkill unless you're really struggling
Student accounts aren't really worth it unless they offer some kind of bonus, e.g. a railcard, that would cost more than the interest you'd earn in a high interest current account. 
Yes but is the RCS message not delivered through the carriers? 
I thought RCS was through the carriers, unlike WhatsApp, FB messenger, etc 
It's the standard board for Wales, and also a few elite schools use it for some obscure reason
If you find any good resources for it please let me know because I'm also struggling with that topic
Solved!  
Thanks so much :)
My b, fixed
Just do multiple taxi rides between your stops and it won't inflate the price much
Unless you're taking step, in which case you've probably been doing 8:16:0 since January
My 6th form only let me and one other person drop WBQ because we showed them none of the unis we were aiming for gave a toss
I'm self-studying the course just to help improve my maths and to make sure I'm caught up with other people who did FM next year in uni. Also Cambridge and imperial said it looked good to at least do AS in A2 year if you didn't do the full FM. I was just wondering if I could just do another 3 modules next year to complete the a level or if I'd have to do the whole new spec FM
Ah I've already been entered and revising for the old spec FM 
Yep
What about non retakes? I'm doing AS Further Maths this year along with my A2s and had been considering doing the A2 next year but thought it would not be possible as this is the last year 
Well you'll need maths for straight economics. LSE even pushes Further Maths. Other courses like PPE aren't as maths heavy
Warwick is very very strong for maths and some related subjects
Think they are fucked for maths 
I have 14 if you include STEP and practical written exams lol
Well if you're doing extra exams like STEP you have to be unless you're literally a genius 
I did maybe an hour or two per subject total (average, e.g. for maths and sciences I didn't do much but I did more than a few hours for RE, English and stuff) and got 12A\*s and an A.  GCSEs were stupidly easy
This is the last year to sit any old spec maths modules I believe 
I started in September. As long as you have stuff to write about the actual writing part is not too hard 
It's great! I've had a number of squad wipes just shooting 4 consecutive rockets 
Just a redesign but it does look and feel much better to me. It's worth it for the improved animations alone 
Are the new GCSEs harder?   
Even so, unless they've changed the grade distribution making the exams harder will just reduce the grade boundaries making it equally easy to do well 
These sorts of malware scans are absolutely useless on Android. You have to give express permission to every application to be installed so if you have malware you installed it yourself. 
No I don't think you're understanding. If you log in to the client once, then close it or shut down your PC etc. then reopen it it will log you in fine. If you actually click the log out button or uninstall the client and have to type your log in details in again you'll be affected 
No, if you've logged in to the Epic client previously, you're fine. If they for some reason had to log out or reinstall the client, then you could do what you're saying
Doesn't work. If you're already logged in to the Epic Client the lockout doesn't affect you. Still, I can't imagine what Ninja's inbox must look like - permanent account lockout unless they've given his account special treatment
I think EPQ is like the individual investigation and then Welsh Bacc has a bunch of other stuff as well like community service and and enterprise challenge but I'm not too sure as I don't do EPQ or Welsh Bacc
Have fun! I'm rather jealous as I'd love to be skiing this next week but I've got way too much school work :(
Ah fortunately I don't have any free periods in between lessons really so I just come in for my lessons then go home 
I guess I'm lucky my house is quiet 
Hah we had 3.5m in the village and 4+ at the summit in Tignes in January and a little less than that in Val Thorens in December. Tignes was practically completely shut down for 2 days as they couldn't cope with how much snow had fallen 
Do you prefer revising at school to at home? I can't stand revising at school in frees
I said that at when I went earlier in the year and did 0 work 
This has been a pretty excellent year for snow in the Alps, at least earlier on in the season. Enjoy 
Ah, the infamous clout gang uniform 
I haven't met every single one of those 17 million, or polled them extensively. But any polling I've seen from YouGov and the like on the opinions of the group I find very concerning and every single leave voter I've met in real life has not been reasonable or rational. I have discussed with one or two online and managed to understand their views and this is why I feel they are in the minority of that group. 
Ah okay, didn't realise you were talking about that guy. I had assumed you meant the guy in the back. My bad 
You think they feel guilty about any of this?
Fair enough, what is said above is utter garbage. I just find it concerning that I cannot respect the views of the opposition in this whole Brexit fiasco. I can definitely respect the views of soft leavers, and to a certain extent I can understand the views of hard leavers who fundamentally disagree with the way the European union is operated, but I find it very difficult to believe those two groups make up anywhere near the majority of leave voters. Most I come across have just eaten in to a load of anti-immigration and British empire nostalgic propaganda 
Thank you. I understand this stance much better now :)
I think the dress shirts are pretty nice I guess I just don't like being associated with PRL. Also anything more outerwear-y than a shirt I've bought from PRL has been really shitty quality so I'm weary about it, I guess they're a bit hit or miss if the bomber is indeed good.  
Mine dress really skankily for house parties but fairly conservatively at clubs 
I feel like Ralph Lauren shirts and polos have become a bit chavvy but their slim fit fits me so well that I'm torn on wearing them or not
Out of curiosity, what is it you find appealing about the Norway deal? As far as I understand, it essentially subjects us to exactly the same regulations, immigration, fees, etc as now just without a seat at the table.  

The only pro I see it having is that it's somewhat of a compromise between leave and remain. 
This sub is a nice place for a group of mostly likely minded people to vent and express their anger. Not every single thing you say and do has to be constructive
Okay I was just giving a general sense. Are they the only 4 in the top 25 without maths? If so I think what I said was fairly accurate
They can't just put whatever they want in the TOS and expect to be able to enforce it. They're not real contracts
This is the law in the UK. I think when you consent to a companies storing your data you have a reasonable expectation for them to keep the data secure and not misuse it, as I would say has been done here 
Because they collected it. If they did not want responsibility for it they should not have collected or stored it 
No worries. Best of luck to you in whatever you decide to do
You're almost certainly on new spec then, as this year is the last year they're running the old spec exams.  
I would say you've got enough time to cover the content for this year's exams, but there's not much point on new spec and it's probably too late to be entered anyway. 

Uni Comp Sci is a lot of maths if you're looking at one of the best courses but the others will be more practical and programming oriented. 
The key is understanding where you went wrong in papers and looking out for similar stuff in future, rather than just going fuck I got that wrong oh well
If you want to do Computer Science at a top uni, like top 20-30 not even just COWI, you're going to need maths. The most competitive courses are very insistent on the requirement of Further Maths as well, but do allow exceptions. The most competitive CompSci courses are like an extension of maths, trying to do those courses without maths would be like trying to do theoretical physics without maths.  

I'd certainly advise you to take up maths this year or next. If you're on linear new spec and you only need to sit exams end of next year I'd suggest covering the AS content on your own in the summer and then joining the A2 class next year, but unless something changes and you suddenly start liking A level Maths it's likely won't enjoy CompSci at uni.  

I don't know anything about apprenticeships and the likes so I can't speak for those. 
Ah that could be it
[Here](https://i.imgur.com/M5gjRIm.png) you'll see they have multiple values for k. 
Oh no!
I've noticed in mark schemes that it often lets you have many values for the constant, so here it would allow 3 and 1/3. Why is this? I've only been taught that it would be 1/3
I almost stayed at this hotel but changed my mind last minute. Boy do I regret that decision after seeing these photos 
I understand your situation. Fortunately, as I'm self-studying Further Maths and taking STEP this year, I got them to let me only come in for my lessons, whereas you're supposed to be in full time. 
One of the alleged perpetrators is quoted in the article 
I think you overestimate how much that costs
Do you have a source for an article tying all of this together? 
Well just try to stay concentrated and minimise distractions. Don't waste your time on something you don't think is really helping you just because it's something easy to pass off as 'revision/working'
Excel
Well for maths you can just do past papers. If you get below A\*, do more. I don't do Econ or chem so can't really help with those but with just 3 A levels I probably wouldn't be doing near 2 hours a night
In Y12 I was playing PUBG the mornings before my exams lul
What are you hoping to achieve? Are you doing 3, 4, 5 A Levels? Are you sitting any extra exams like STEP? All these play a part in how much you should be doing.
Depends on what you're aiming to achieve. If you're just going for 3 or 4 As then that's more than enough, depending on your natural ability.  

If you're aiming for competitive uni courses I'd advise doing some work past A level so you can demonstrate that in interviews and admissions tests. For top courses 3 or 4 A\*s are a given and your ability has to be quite far past A Level - e.g. for Maths at Cam or Warwick, you need to sit STEP which is far harder than regular A Level Maths and Further Maths 
It depends on what you're doing end of year though. I do like 3-4 hours a night but that's because I'm sitting 4 A levels, 1 self-taught and STEP at the end of the year. If I were just doing 3 A levels I'd be on Fortnite all day
No they don't get sent an attendance report or anything. The only thing would be it may affect your reference, though I do doubt it 
Useless degree? AFAIK it opens up about the same career pathways as doing degrees in maths, CS, etc. do. For example in the finance sector where they look mostly for people who can think, which those degrees demonstrate
4 months ago would've agreed (500hrs logged on PUBG)  
Now I have boarded the Fortnite hype train
One day the ting is popular, the next it's not
Agreed. If you just put a bit of effort in making sure you understand the concepts rather than just rote learning the methods you'll find it easy
Nice! I tried to take one waking in but unfortunately it came out a complete blur. 
Yeah I am. 
It's just the older version of the other models, so it doesn't have as high res a display but it'll do pretty much everything the others can. I don't think you'll need anything this can't do for A level, and it's better to be as little reliant as possible on your calc as it'll improve your understanding
Ok mate
I'd recommend buying an FX991EX (scientific) which is all you should really need for a level Maths and FM. However graphical calculators are useful for certain things and so an FX9860GII would also be a good pick up.  

I have this combination, and recommend buying a scientific calc as well as it'll be much faster and easier for most of your calculations, and then you can just use the graphical one every now and then 
You have not explained a line of reasoning where months are more important than days and years are less important than both of those 
Would you be able to make one without the top and bottom bezels?
Same behaviour for me
You have justified the YYMMDD format. You have not justified MMDDYY
And I explained why your logic is flawed. There is no reason to but the month before the day, when writing the year last 
I have the 55cm and 68cm hard shell ones and so far like them a lot. I've only used them for one trip so far and it's gonna be at least two months before I use them again as it's unfortunately a busy period for me with no time to travel.   

The 68cm came out of hold good as new, I can't speak for how it will hold long term yet. The 55cm is also pretty good, but I find the handle a bit too wobbly, which is not an issue in the 68cm one. The hard shell feels quite sturdy and it has survived me (80kg) sitting on it while waiting at baggage claim :P
Dates are time you know, just hours minutes seconds are smaller intervals than days, months and years.  
I've already explained my point of view repeatedly and if by now you still refuse to understand it then this thread is just turning into 'you're wrong', 'no you're wrong'.  

Deciding what is more logical is not fact, it is matter of opinion. It just so happens you are in the minority
No it's just at a different time to the US 
I would always put the month in the middle.  
If You've got an event in 3 hours, 30 minutes and 40 seconds, you wouldn't say it's in 30 minutes and 40 seconds, 3 hours from now.  
It just doesn't make sense to mix them up 
Then the year is objectively more important than the month following that logic. So it should be YYMMDD. The year shouldn't be less important than both day and month by your logic so where does it make sense to present it as MMDDYY? I don't have a problem if you say February 4th for example, as you could be saying it in YYMMDD just omitting the YY, but the US written MMDDYY does not make any sense to me 
So if you tell them it's in February, they can attend?  
You don't order time on a clock as hours seconds minutes.  

I understood the point of the comment, I just don't think that's the most logical way of thinking of it
And I'd much rather use Google Play Music or Spotify over winamp.  

I can understand your view but I think you'll find the majority of users will prefer looks over functionality
So the logical way to order them is by length of time they represent; either day-month-year or year-month-day
Do lots of questions. Also watching revision videos on YouTube could help as they often explain it better than my teachers at least 
But a month is a longer duration of time than a day
Love the black/grey mélange look 
No you have to spin around to aim, not just tap
Both of you need to be logged in to Epic accounts, then just add them as a friend via Epic and you should be able to invite them. 
When ninja played with drake on PS4 they got queued with PC players 
Agree. You should be able to do C1 and C2 easily this year
I actually dislike high content density - I think it looks ugly more often than not
Yeah - WhatsApp quality is unbearable after using Duo
Either you or the other contact doesn't have the latest version of Duo installed.  
I checked with one contact who does have the latest version installed and it appears, and then another who uninstalled it a few months ago and the option doesn't appear for them
Just checked and I have the same behaviour
I actually can't tell if this is a joke 
The cost is small relative to the difference you could see in your future earnings. However if you don't think your school is very competitive then switching to a good state school may not impact you that much.  

I used to go to a very good Oxbridge pumping private school years ago, but switched because I didn't like the pressure when I was younger and the state school is like 2 mins from my house. I lost the competition with my classmates as I was pretty far ahead and I also feel like I would've got more support with cam admissions test prep at my old school, though I don't know for sure. Going to a state school has meant I've had to do a lot more work independently to make a competitive application to uni.  
However I really like the people and teachers at the state school and think overall I've probably enjoyed my time here more than I would have at private school, it just depends on how much happiness it would have been worth sacrificing to possibly get into a better uni
Also Eddie Woo is very good
Yeah it's definitely doable but it will probably require a bit of work even if you're good at maths. You're going to need to actually understand the concepts, moreso than with regular maths where you can pretty much just memorise methods for working out certain questions.  

Learning to actually understand what you're doing will help you out a lot in all your subjects.  

I would recommend integralmaths.org and Eddie Woo youtube videos to help you with learning it
Not necessarily - I'm doing AS FM independently this year and my school is paying for my entry.  

Which unis are you hoping to apply to? If Oxbridge, ICL, other very competitive ones, I would definitely recommend doing at least the AS next year. Even better if you could do some work in the summer and cover both AS and A2 - if you're good at maths it's really not that hard - use integralmaths.org and you should be able to get through it.  

If you're not going for super competitive unis, it'd still be good to take FM as it will almost definitely help you in Uni. Doing the AS is no harm as it won't be in any of your offers, so it won't really matter all that much if you don't do as well as you hope. If you decide not to, at least cover the content in the summer before you go to uni
Computational Thinking by Jeanette Wing is an article which is recommended on Cambridge's CS undergrad applications page
The state school vs private school bias only makes applying from state school better if you perform exactly as well as you would've at the private school.  

Thinking purely objectively, if you think the teaching is good at the private school, and you're aiming for competitive courses at Oxbridge and other top unis, you'll probably be better off at a good private school as you'll get more support and preparation for interviews and admissions tests.  

Also, the competition of being in an environment with other people as good or better than you will really push you to get better - I was at a school where I was quite a bit better at my chosen subjects than anyone else in my yeargroup, and as a result got lazy and didn't keep up with the competition from other schools, as I didn't know they were ahead. 
Grammar schools and secondary schools are both subsets of state schools. A secondary school is just a typical school, grammar school is theoretically more academically oriented. You would then also have state 6th form colleges, which are only for years 12 and 13.  

Private schools (or independent schools, as they are usually known officially) are ones which are run independently i.e. not by the Government. They almost always have pretty high tuition fees and it is therefore expected they would have better facilities, teachers etc. 
Yeah I just think the original commenter didn't factor that in, since saying that is sexy joke doesn't really read naturally 
I think it's that but you're supposed to read out the 1 as well, like that's one sexy joke 
Can't handle the higher resolution probably

Pretty much this if you want to do anything bar Econ. Even if you want to do Econ, you'd probably be better off dropping bio or chem than maths. 
Agreed. Further maths should really help with regular maths. 
I thought it was funny :( 
Yeah, I did one in year 7 though (I'm bilingual so did my 2nd language) so only 12 in years 10 and 11
Yeah very good performance in admissions test and interview would be more important than a bad grade, in fact the admissions tutor at Churchill told me they account for off days if you have a bad grade in a module, as I asked him about it being worried about my 89 UMS in one of my maths modules last year.  

Imperial though with no interview or admissions test, the as grades were the best thing they had to make a decision

Edit: added bad before grade
That is likely it. Cambridge says they've found AS UMS is the best indicator of how you'll do in A2 and uni, so it's very possible that Imperial also holds this view and so if you've done badly at AS would be a concern, even if your predictions are good. 
I have exactly the same grades and predictions, except 2 A\*s more for GCSE and got an offer. I don't think the extra 2 A\*s could be the reason 
Hopefully you're doing maths, as it's one of the easiest subjects to self study imo. I can recommend integralmaths as it's great help (though not free).  
Right now, DST has started in in US but not EU. Therefore, mid day EST (Lirik's start time) is 4pm in the UK and 5pm is central Europe. From March 25th, DST will start in EU as well, so midday EST will be 5pm in the UK and 6pm in central Europe 
Rip I find maths interesting :(
I have never been asked this. Wtf why is it necessary
Friends of mine with the iPhone X disabled phone lock all together because they got tired of FaceID not working and didn't want to have to type a passcode 
It's still showing it for me 
Unless your school offers you a license for free 
Bad bot
Integral maths 
Thanks for this, very nice balanced comment 
Damn I applied a few weeks before Oxbridge deadline, interviewed in November, offer in September
Betas don't support Google Pay 
Why wouldn't we be? We're still part of the EU
The deal would still have to be accepted by both parties. This is not some sort of technicality you can exploit 
20 is 20% equity (i.e. shares in companies) and 80% bonds, 80 is 80% equity and 20% bonds. Equity is a more risky investment than bonds so the higher % equity funds are generally thought of as higher risk 
What subject?
ICL for Computing, assuming you mean university. STEP is going to be the end of me
The maths is all just plugging numbers into equations in physics anyway. What gets harder is knowing when and where to use certain values and equations 
If you have Google Photos you can just take multiple photos and then it'll piece them together later on into a panorama
Honestly for med I'd drop physics. Bio and chem will probably be more useful for you at uni and single maths is a really easy a level with not much content at all. Physics I think gets harder at A2 than other subjects
Not for med
I understood out of 6th form.  
The phrasing drop out of a subject isn't commonly used, you'd usually say drop a subject and drop out of 6th form 
Oh fuck me - 4 a levels, (1 self taught) and STEP... I literally want to die 
Drop *out*
Fair point. I just found the UCAS wording slight concerning 
Tuition and accomodation fees
Thanks! 
Agreed completely 
Ah okay, thanks! The wording on UCAS implies you have to go 
I prefer it being right side heavy 
I don't think it was ever really about the money for them. 
Yes, this is just a cool little thing to show you where your money is going 
How so? It's just using applying the total %ages to just the amount you paid so you can see an effective contribution
The native explorer it still not really what you get on Android and PC
NMDs are no where near as comfortable. UBs are very comfortable, Iniki's I personally find uncomfortable because I have wide feet but others say are almost as good as UBs. Some also claim EQT boosts are more comfortable than UBs but I have yet to try a pair
Anyone dealt with the brand Kotn before? I was looking into their [hoodie](https://kotn.com/products/hoodie?variant=28869251077) but as I'd have to pay for international shipping I'm looking for some more info
You haven't linked it
Yes usually fulfilled. If Amazon sells it directly it's most likely legit but most of their items these days are fulfilled. I rarely see things actually sold by Amazon
As am I. Amazon's prices are frequently much lower and have lots of reviews saying products are counterfeit
I dislike the inconsistency. I prefer even just white backgrounds behind the usual icon
I guess I'm the one that prefers this icon. This is what it's been like on iOS for a while 
Any way to disable it? I keep hitting it by accident and am finding it irritating 
In the UK we don't split it up. It all falls under the subject 'Maths' 
The notch only works on the iPhone because there's practically no chin. Notch **and** and a chin looks absolutely ridiculous
Ah, interesting. Did not know that 
It feels like there's a difference to me but it could just be placebo
Possibly because you missed out an e - Pyeongchang
They can't really push too far ahead because they don't want to release Snapdragon devices in the US much slower than the Exynos ones in the rest of the world
Probably the best economy class you can fly in, at least in their A380 fleet
Difference would most likely be in general smoothness and animations rather than battery
I don't particularly like Textra, I find it janky
Yeah the read more thing is also very annoying. I'm not sure if it's present on the new app
Was Stan Smiths a 3-4 years ago, been superstars the last two here in central Europe
I don't get Textra's appeal. I find it's animations very janky
Good!
It's much better, and the exact reason I want it :P. The lack of fluidity is the reason I don't use the current app 
Do you know if the S8's SMS app update came to the S7? If so, the S9's would logically come to the S8
I'm not bothering on my S8 exynos - the process is much more complicated than stock android (what I'm used to) and once you trip Knox you can't go back, whereas on stock you can go fully stock again
It is not unfortunately
Is it version 5.0?
They changed the the animation going into a message to the standard slide in and they changed they made the message bubbles more rounded, like android messages, FB Messenger and iMessage 
True. Every year up to this one I would've loved for my school to have closed and it never did 
I wish my school wasn't closed. I'd rather get the work done
You can drop it, your school is just being a pain because they've paid for you. If you make a large enough fuss you may be able to get out of it
I've tried extensively on Google but couldn't find anything. One recently posted on r/frugalmalefashion is US only 
I couldn't find a figure for % in graduate jobs in that unfortunately. The difference in unemployment could be down to STEM grads being less likely to take a non graduate job and just remain unemployed until they find a better one, therefore resulting in higher unemployment rates. I would be interested in seeing the figures for this, as the only reason I see for this being possible is STEM becoming saturated, which I find hard to believe given other statistics I've seen. 
The bad uni employment statistics I feel are heavily skewed by people who are just going to uni for the experience and because it's become the standard thing to do. What's the %age of STEM graduates in graduate level jobs? 
Same here on S8. Recently changed - used to work just fine 
I don't like buying PRL full price but I really like this :(
Hah I clearly dress a lot more casually than you :P
Opinions on [this](http://www.ralphlauren.co.uk/product/index.jsp?productId=100468411&prodFindSrc=oi) hoodie in navy?
Exactly the same here, for tomorrow and Friday. I will be extremely surprised if there is enough snow tomorrow morning to warrant the shutdown
Thanks!
One year, the school stayed open because noone bothered to turn up. Had everyone come in, they wouldn't have had enough staff to stay open, but since there were far fewer pupils they were able to stay open 
Do you mind linking the all black wallpaper?
I'd agree it's probably because you've only really got 2 relevant a levels. However I also got rejected from UCL and have no idea why, while getting an offer from Imperial 
I've heard from friends doing medicine that UCL is better but I can't personally vouch for that
Are you on Oreo? Works for me on Oreo but not a friend on Nougat
Are you on Nougat? It works for me on Oreo but not for a friend on Nougat 
Wow that's great!
I'm doing step and told my head of 6th form I need the extra time at home to prepare 
Same here, though few people do because the head of 6th form doesn't turn a blind eye. Fortunately I managed to get myself exempted from the rule so I can come and go as I please and everyone hates me for it :P
Jan/Feb is their current release schedule
Okay fair enough
Only in Samsung Gallery
The host isn't the issue
I hated it at first but it's grown on me, especially the notch - not that I like it, but at first I thought it looked absolutely ridiculous but now it's not that big an issue. I'm still torn between whether I prefer the iPhone X or S8 bezel style 
I can definitely see that side of it. I just feel like essay writing is frequently badly taught and marking is much more subjective than just a question paper of some sort 
Yes it was :)
Oh that's disappointing to hear. They're always very pleasant when you're a fluent Greek speaker :P
Better than most manufacturers for security updates, probably middle for OS updates. Definitely a big step down from Google for speed of updates but I'd say the stability is better
By 'only' you mean most of the world?
Them being a huge issue is greatly exaggerated on this sub
Some unis just don't give unconditionals
I'm not too sure. They would usually show on their entry requirements page if they accept it as a substitute for another subject
It totally depends on what tier university you want to go to. Cambridge will probably care little but many other universities may care if it's similar to the Welsh Bacc as that's the one I'm familiar with 
Statistically you'll find the majority of categories of rich and super rich lean democrat.  

Also, a lot of Gucci customers aren't rich, but irresponsible with money and want to look rich 
Disassociating themselves from the Donald voters will probably help their brand image anyway, especially since their large markets are Europe and Asia, who both dislike the Don for the most part 
Really? Before I got this update my WiFi calling wouldn't let me send and receive texts 
Visiting family
Also Vodafone UK so guess they've just enabled it 
Μίσος. Μένω στην Αγγλία αλλά επισκέπτομαι οικογένεια τώρα
I don't see how they're going to be better than ICL. I was even strong enough to be put in the winter pool at Cam so you can see how not getting into UCL is quite surprising 
If I meet the STEP offer I'm gonna go, if I don't I'll either just settle for Warwick or reapply for Cam and Imp again putting more time into STEP and CSAT. Most likely the latter 
I'm not quite sure how you found any expensive food. I spend a week or two in Athens every year as I'm half Greek and the food is dirt cheap and pretty decent even in the centres like Monastiraki. In fact 'Thanasis' in Monastiraki is one of the ones the locals recommend 
Agreed on the bar at the top of the Marina Bay Sands. It also has pretty good food and it's wonderful to just sit up there eating and having a drink watching the sun set 
Is it still on BBC iPlayer by any chance?
The standard Bachelor in Computing. I wish my offer was an extra A instead of STEP II 😅.  

I've just been doing 3-4 Q's per week to prepare so far 
A\*AA 2,2 in STEP I,II
CSAT. They said I had a pretty much perfect paper application, interview went pretty well but scored 4th quartile in CSAT
Did you also get in to Imperial? I wasn't even planning on going to UCL just put it on because it felt wrong not to have 5 but not getting in has still irritated me
League tables, entry requirements and general sentiment I've gotten. There's no way to perfectly compare universities to pick a better one but I don't think it's an unreasonable statement that ICL is generally better than UCL for CS
Yeah. Cambridge's rejection feedback was excellent - fairly detailed and very specific to my application rather than just some general nonsense like here 
The baby surname was absolutely infuriating to me. Maybe I could accept the triple barrel surname but having Susan's and not Ross' would've been proposterous
Better for CS certainly. League tables show it better overall as well but they are only league tables 
Regrettablly my application was not judged to be as strong as other applicants. I'm not sure what I missed out on - my application is straight A\*s are GCSE bar 1, all As at AS, all A\*s predicted for A2 and my personal statement was good enough also to get me an interview to Cam and an offer for ICL. I even thought Warwick was better than UCL and I've received an offer from them too
What shades are they?
Vodafone UK, but currently roaming in Greece on Vodafone GR
Vodafone UK, but I'm currently roaming in Greece on Vodafone GR
Spending their parents money most likely 
I'd say that's decent. I bought an S8 for £550 in September and I thought that was a pretty good deal 
Well Vodafone also supposedly supports it but I can't get it to work on my S8 or Nexus 6P
Could you elaborate slightly? I'm not quite sure what you mean 
It was rumoured £850 so I would say at least $850
UK version 
The exynos version is supposedly much much faster 
Ah right that's a shame
MST is definitely disabled on Samsung Pay UK - it's NFC only. I was under the impression this was also true for all countries other than US. 
I just downloaded the apk
Superiority complex at the most pathetic scale 
*pointing out difference*  

There is no difference
I like the flat colour status bar, but I agree it does look bad with the hamburger menu out
I prefer the look of the FlexPlus debit card - I wish the credit card looked more similar to that 
What I dislike about the IB is the extended essays and projects which I don't believe should be necessary for subject such as maths, physics, etc 
I'm not sure what it is, but the UK seems to be doing something very wrong with education. I compare my a level curriculum with friends of mine in other countries doing the IB and it's to a much higher standard 
Then the only reason for you to switch would be UI/UX preference 
Can you do contactless payments through your bank app?
Your bank has the option to support sending a verification code via SMS or email
It's not really the same
Thanks :)
Hah! I've dropped them a message and I would presume Google would be a better next stop to Samsung 
I wasn't sure if it was their issue or one with Android Pay, since it seemed to work with just the card 
Yeah plenty of people as well as you also don't realise :P
A payment of mine earlier was declined and I'm not sure why. After this I just used the same credit card and it worked fine  
It's not a UAE model, it's the international model but with UAE software. Yes I believe if you glad the Canadian firmware with Odin you will not lose OTA updates or mess with Knox but I'd advise you read the guides on XDA first as they'll know more
I got [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS8/comments/7yr6ar/android_pay_beginning_transition_to_google_pay/?utm_source=reddit-android) yesterday but as soon as I tapped it it switched back to android pay
It is unlocked, but still regional firmware. You could just leave it on UAE and set up Samsung Pay and use it as normal in Canada, but your updates and stuff will be on the UAE schedule rather than Canada. Also stuff like WiFi calling will probably not work with your Canadian carrier on the UAE model.  

It is a very silly system and I don't really understand the benefit over having just one standard firmware
It doesn't matter which country you register it in, you'll be able to use it at the same places, with the exception of USA which will also give you MST.  

Simply returning to Canada will not allow you to register it as Canadian - you will need to flash the Canadian firmware otherwise it will remain as a UAE device 
[Mine also shows up like that](https://imgur.com/a/JbIzd).  

In fact there's a bit of a discrepancy where on one page it shows Google Pay and on the other it shows Android Pay
That's just how Android battery stats. I don't think anyone has ever come up with a conclusive explanation
My family is from Greece and some still live there, though they are fairly wealthy so relatively unaffected by this. People are always out and about - transport is very very cheap, food is very very cheap - in general going out is very cheap here, compared to where I live (UK) where it feels like it averages to 3x the cost, if not more for certain things like e.g. transport. A metro/bus/tram ticket costs around 1.3 euros and you can travel for 90 minutes, and you can switch between modes of transport during that time. In the UK I would pay close to £7 for a 10 minute journey without my 16-25 year old discount (which I paid an upfront £25 for).  

I don't really know what it's like for working people since all my friends are from wealthy families and just going into university but it's so busy I find it hard to believe it's only the rich around. 
iMessage?
I would agree fully with this. When I cracked the back glass I took it to a high street repair shop and they did a shoddy job of repairing it for £40. I then took it to Samsung and they did it much better for £60.
I'm just lucky I don't drop it frequently. The one time I did it was from a foot off the ground in my kitchen and the back glass cracked 
I had something similar at the Regent in Singapore so that may be what you're thinking of too
My hotel in Singapore also had one of these. I get free roaming to pretty much everywhere (only place I've been that I haven't had it was UAE) so I don't even have to get a local sim
I'd love this as an option as well. 
Except for in app purchases it seems to always use the device default 
One of the Burj Khalifa observation decks in Dubai I would presume
Damn. I was expecting a whole second lead like she's been having in the world cup this season 
No pic unfortunately. But the Eurosport commentators mentioned she went the wrong side of the gates and were confused that she finished 
Cool I have taken pretty much the same photo :P
See this will fit right in with American culture
Dubai?
There were no Snapdragon S6 variants IIRC so you probably do have the US variant
Pixel is 5", iPhone 8 is 4.7" I believe 
My battery is awful too since updating 
I suppose she does do it relatively frequently but most of this world cup season she seems to be coming in with a really strong second run - much stronger than today 
Yes but that's not exactly the same
If it was downloaded via the software update 'app', if you downloaded the file from XDA or something then they can't delete it
Thank you! Downloaded and using it now :)
I downloaded it through all and it's a 878kb. 

Also I've just realised earlier the 3.4MB was MP and I was being dumb
I can definitely see you are correct from that comparison. Thanks :).  

Are the three dots in the app? They don't appear to be present on the mobile site 
She almost threw it all away! First time I've seen her nervous on a 2nd run
The 1440p version looks clearer to me looking at the land on the Earth. I haven't actually tried zooming in or looking in that much detail 
Ah this is probably due to you downloading it from the Imgur link in the op originally. I downloaded this yesterday after a recommendation from a YouTuber and they had linked the full resolution 3.7MP image.  

http://cdn.droidviews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/le_max_2_wall_droidviews_10.jpg
I meant hosted somewhere other than Ingur as Imgur is not full quality
I've only ever skied in France so that could be the difference
I haven't ever been to a resort in the Alps that didn't have a single green, though I do tend towards larger resorts
This is to make room for showing the quick actions and notifications in that space
Same experience here 
This is great! Could you upload a full res version? 
You can change the dialer though, just not to Google's
Are you a Sam Sheffer subscriber by any chance? :P
No I'm saying I have the feature on final
Just noticed my Gear VR service has very high battery usage but when I go into it it just shows Android System so I was wondering if it's just high as it's lumped in with android system 
Yeah I agree with you. Apple has done a really good job with their power optimisation - especially considering how much smaller the batteries are on iPhones.  

I think it's mostly due to the excellent standby time and that's why on YouTube SOT battery tests they don't really shine
WhatsApp definitely has it - it works for me
Same here Oreo final
No worries :)
These are extremes though - all amoled themes, WiFi all day, no location, no Snapchat, Facebook etc
Long press the app icon in the recent apps menu
The constitution issue is slightly more complicated than that, but I agree Britain is terrible on privacy.  

On the other hand you could argue at least Britain has started legalising what they're doing instead of doing it all under the radar 
Battery life comparisons are always iffy - I was just providing a view of what is generally regarded as being better.  

In my last comment I meant the iPhone 8+ is raved about, not the S8+ - I will edit that now to make it clearer 
I don't have any evidence, I own neither an S8+ nor an iPhone 8+, I just know people rave about the battery on the iPhone 8+
iPhone 7 & 8 Plus has very good battery life so I would venture a guess that it would beat the S8+
Thanks!
I've paid more for t-shirts in the past and can confirm they're not worth it :P
It's $30 (shirt) + $7 (shipping) + 20% VAT + £8 Royal Mail 'handling charge'
Damn one shirt is gonna cost around £40 in the UK compared to £26 equivalent in the US. Do I bite the bullet?  

Edit: I'm not sure why I've replied to this comment, I meant to just reply to the post :P
I disabled and reenabled it on my Vodafone account and that solved the issue for me
Yeah the best weather will be in Athens at that time as it's usually a little bit warmer than most of the islands.  

I've been to Athens at least once a year since I was born because I have family and friends living there. I'd recommend visiting the Acropolis and eating at the museum right next to it - it's a very nice building and you get a nice view from the restaurant.  
Also go the Stavros Niarxos Foundation Cultural Centre - again a nice environment and you can take a lift up and get a nice panoramic view of Athens. You may also want to take the cable car up to Lukavitos - I've never personally done it but many people say it's nice.
If you want to get some typical Greek food, go to Thanasis in Monastiraki. Other areas that locals like are Chalandri and Marousi.
The metro is pretty good for getting around and anywhere they don't service the buses, which are ok, will, but if you don't mind paying a taxi will be more comfortable. Metro and buses are also very very cheap (compared to the UK, similar to other places in Europe).
If you don't want to take your time I'd say 2 days is enough to do the big things in Athens.  

As others have said, you've picked the 'touristy' islands of Greece, but these are also the ones I'd recommend as some of the others are a bit run-down imo. Weather is not going to be very beachworthy at this time of year, and Mykonos and Santorini will also probably be windy. If you're looking for luxury hotels, Crete will probably be the best - the hotels along Elouda bay and one other coast I can't remember the name of right now are excellent and won't hurt your bank as much as the equivalents in Mykonos and Santorini. Mykonos and Santorini, being in the cyclades, will have the classic white building kind of style, so you might enjoy just walking around those. Crete will not have that same style, or at least not to the same extent. 
I disagree with the other commenter. I really like Athens though I do have relatives and friends living there so it's not exactly the same experience as being a tourist. 
30 Rock has the best views, WTC has the best environment, Empire State just has the history/name
If you're on AQL5 it's incredibly easy to do. I did it the day Oreo came out and it's been a neat update
I've never had Volte and that hasn't changed with the update 
I lost it after flashing the update file manually in UK on Vodafone. I fixed it by disabling and reenabling WiFi calling on my Vodafone account.  

However if you've flashed firmware with Odin you may no longer be on compatible firmware. My phone is from Italy but I'm in UK, never had WiFi calling until I got my phone repaired by Samsung and they flashed the UK firmware 
This is what I did a few days ago. I ended up losing WiFi calling but disabling and reenabling it through my network (Vodafone) fixed it. Just letting you know in case you get the same issue 
I believe it would be Netherlands. 
Brazil I would think
Unlocked firmware doesn't require carrier intervention I don't believe 
If you're talking about the Google weather and traffic alerts, you should still be able to swipe them away. 
Not personally, but I've seen at least 3 separate people on Reddit say they have done it
Why? Separate posts are much easier to read through 
Isn't that the same case for WiFi calling though? In which case if I have WiFi calling surely I should also have Volte
Get a Vodafone or Three sim. They both provide free roaming up to your UK allowance in the US. I've experienced much better roaming cell service with Vodafone than Three, but Three is also much less hassle as you can just do PAYG and buy a bundle once a month since it's only 3 months
Neither anecdote is a market trend
It broke for me after updating, but I disabled and reenabled it on my Vodafone account and that seems to have fixed it. I've never had Volte, and can't find it anywhere in my phone or Vodafone settings so I'm guessing it's not supported by Vodafone.  

Edit: Just googled and they do support it, it's in the same toggle as WiFi calling. Wonder why it's never worked for me
There is an OTA file on XDA that goes from AQL5 to CRAP. I'm not sure how that would be possible if only beta testers have received the OTA
This is going to be different to EE WiFi calling. I'm with Vodafone and they also have native WiFi calling like EE. After flashing I lost WiFi calling ability but I disabled and reenabled it on my Vodafone account and that solved the issue. 
The user was probably asking about native WiFi calling, not with an app. 
You can go straight from AQL5 to CRAP
I also lost it with Vodafone. I disabled and reenabled it again on my Vodafone account and that fixed it. 
Other than the UI, no
I think phone calls are one of the worst experiences on a phone. Audio quality is absolutely awful compared to VOIP solutions
Have you retained dualsim functionality?
Yeah. I only had to flash the AQL5 to CRAP update so for me it was incredibly easy to update and I had no reason not to.
What theme are you using?
It's a server side update 
It'll use Samsung's Oreo emojis, not Google's. I think Samsung's Oreo emojis are actually pretty good. 
Discipline and consistency. Put your phone on do not disturb for half an hour and just focus on work. Then up this to an hour, then 2, then 3, etc, etc. If you rely on motivation you're going to have weeks of doing nothing at all and weeks of working 24/7.   

I'm also pretty naturally smart and I've gone from doing literally nothing outside school in y12 to doing around 3 hours a day 
For maths just do loads of past papers. Try to understand why you're doing what you're doing instead of just learning the method to apply to certain types of question - it will be more difficult at first but will make your life easier in the future, especially when you get on to harder topics.  

For biology, just memorise everything. You need to know so much content and look at past papers and memorise the answers - they often look for very specific stuff.  

For Comp Sci all I did was memorise a ZigZag revision guide for the first theory paper and didn't really do anything for the practical exam because it was quite a bit below my programming skill level from stuff I'd done in my spare time.  

I personally don't like timetables, but I'd set goals for stuff I wanted to complete by certain dates. 
Now that you say it I don't think it was wiped on my Nexus 6P or Moto Z Play. I'm sorry I can't confirm that it actually does get wiped on the S8
Nope Android Messages will just use the system emojis. 
You mean the storage that comes with the phone? Yes that will be wiped as that is the whole point of the factory reset 
Houses don't lose value like phones do so they can be considered an investment. A phone can not
Yes, I do agree with you on these kinds of people 
Yes, but it's still a $600 item. The fact you pay monthly doesn't make it any cheaper 
This did it, thanks!
If you don't have $600 in expendable cash to spend on a phone perhaps you're not in a position to buy a $600 phone.  

Edit: Didn't realise this was a controversial thing to say lmao
Yes exactly, that's what I was trying to say
Versace, Burberry and Gucci 
That's interesting because I never seem to be able to find any of the brands I'm interested on sale 
What on earth are you talking about? As you get higher up it becomes more difficult to squeeze the extra bit of performance. That's a big part of why bleeding edge tech is much more expensive
I know. The commenter seemed to be saying that because they pay it monthly it doesn't count as a $600 purchase 
I wasn't sure about the numbers, I'm just saying that above a certain amount you can't notice a difference. If you go from 20,000kbps to 1,411kbps can you say there is a noticeable difference there too?
Why does it matter that you didn't pay up front? You're still paying that amount, if not more due to the monthly payments
AMP/DAC combo.  

Also sure it may be better, but if you're comparing a 100% file with one with 99.9% of the data you're not going to notice any difference. 
Not necessarily. If they dislike green bubbles because it means Android then I'd agree but when you lose all the iMessage features it's not as fun. I can't imagine using SMS to talk to someone over WhatsApp/FB Messenger/Allo because you don't have read receipts, annoying to send images/videos, etc.  

Therefore it's not really about blue bubbles and green bubbles and more about the limitations of SMS, but because it's all done for you on iOS you just associate it with green bubbles. 
That is the benefit but it's not so tangible. I'm not arguing against buying expensive clothes just trying to explain why there often seems to be a big difference of opinion on spending money on clothes relative to other expensive products. 
I think there is a clear difference between designer clothes and hypebeast 'designers'. In fact I posted a comment within the last few hours in line with what you've just said somewhere else on this thread.  
Oh no I can definitely notice a difference between phone and PC, but not between mobo and amp. Consensus or /r/headphones seems to be that there is not a noticeable difference between Spotify 320kbps and FLAC. 
I've really really tried and I cannot notice a difference between amp/DAC and my mobo with ALC1150 using Spotify extreme qual.  

DT990s seem to be very polarising - you get many people saying they don't need an amp at all and others saying they sound like garbage without one 
Not necessarily, if they reduce the price but sell many more they would make more money. They're just riding the hype wave because that's the only reason people but their products.  

I get the appeal of designer brands but hypebeast brands like Supreme and OffWhite seem to try and boast designer prices without any of the designer benefits other than hype 
I can't speak for HD600s but DT990s don't. There's a tiny deterioration in quality when listening on my phone. 
For day to day usage Bluetooth is usually fine. But if I'm travelling and don't want to drag along a laptop or PC my phone is all I have while I'm away, and often in the evening in the hotel room watching Netflix on my phone or listening to Spotify I'd much rather use my wired audiophile headphones rather than airpods and not have to carry around an adaptor
I'm just explaining why people often think negatively of people buying designer stuff because the prices are generated by hype rather than tangible benefits, unlike with expensive cars, computer parts, etc
The prices are artificially inflated by exclusivity. If they produced enough stock so everyone could buy at retail, they wouldn't 'hold value' like that.  

Take designer brands - their clothes are expensive, and 'exclusive' due to the price, rather than being constantly out of stock. As soon as you buy an item and try to resell it it's lost 50% of its value at least for not being brand new 
It's not linear because you get diminishing returns the higher you go. 1050ti vs 1070 is a much larger difference than 1070 vs 1080 ti
It doesn't cost 600 in terms of materials but you've got to factor in designs, marketing etc. Also high end brands have fancy shops and (generally) very good customer service. So while one individual product doesn't cost that much it's all about paying for the experience, plus a bit on top just for brand name
Phone? Car? Laptop/PC? I think most people in NA/EU will own at least a few items worth 600+
lmao
But it's not widespread. If I go to shop for some nice headphones 9/10, if not more, are going to be with a headphone jack. Sennheiser doesn't make USB-C HD600s, Beyerdynamic doesn't make USB-C DT990s, etc, etc. I have to look specifically for USB-C and make sacrifices in quality just to use this cable, that only works on my phone, not my PC nor my amp/DAC
Apologies. What I meant to say is when a better technology is widespread. When PCs and audiophile headphones, speakers, etc use USB-C then I'm happy for them to drop the headphone jack. I'm not particularly bothered by the whole charging while listening thing but I do want a standard for audio cables. 
I've found the same on stock. Samsung version updates seem to provide a good bit of improvement. Oreo on my S8 is easily smoother than Nougat. Battery life was definitely worse in the betas and it's too soon to know for sure on full release but I'm weary that it's worse again
I don't mind them ditching it when better technology exists. Currently, the headphone jack is the best way to listen to audio
Ah! That's great!
Ah but that's only on Pixel is it not?
Ah right
Phone calls and text messages are automatically backed up? 
I read it the same way as you - asking if battery would be worse than the + rather than worse than the S7
I thought LTE is just what they call 4G in the US
I'm on Oreo and they don't appear like that for me 
Also UK but everyone uses FB Messenger
Samsung does this. If only it were in stock 
The text from the app says "No, use only SMS" or "Yes I'm in" so I'm assuming the enhanced features are either RCS or IM like iMessage
No. Green bubbles for all!
I am indeed on Vodafone. Right I guess I'll have to try that then
Yeah I wouldn't bother either. I only did it because for me it was fortunately just a simple on phone procedure 
I don't see it in more connection settings or in the Phone app settings, where I previously had it
Can you get to AQL5 with SmartSwitch perhaps? Alternatively I believe you can flash AQL5 with Odin and then flash the update.  

Unfortunately I think both of these will wipe data
I would guess no as it's not going to have the dualsim Oreo features but I'm not certain unfortunately
Is that dualsim? I'm not sure - all I know is that 950F on AQL5 works as that is what the XDA post says. Sorry :(
No I don't think so
I suppose peoples' opinions of what a flagship is would differ. I stand by my opinion that it is there most promoted product, as a company may have a superior but more obscure/niche product so it's not really their flagship
Ah I've no idea if it's actually a different update. Might be worth checking the S8+ XDA
Doesn't trip Knox or safetynet - can confirm first hand. You must have the international Exynos unlocked version and be on the December security patch software (AQL5).  

[Here](https://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=75489341&postcount=2991)
I just flashed the update file through the recovery. Only issue so far is that my WiFi calling option has gone
I agree in most cases the flagship is the company's best phone but it is not in Samsung's case. I would define flagship as the most promoted/most sold phone. 
Yeah it's all NFC or chip. Only time I remember ever using magnetic strip is in the US
I thought that was disabled with UK Samsung Pay. Maybe it's not in Sweden?
Phew!
S6 got Nougat quite a while after the S7 last year
What system notification?

Scores still hidden...
I don't think so, or at least didn't realise when I was using it while on the Oreo beta
I'd also like to know. I can't believe it won't be but I was also surprised that the betas weren't 
Some banks support Android Pay but not Samsung Pay. Also I just all around prefer Android Pay and in the UK with only NFC there's no real benefit to Samsung Pay
S8 is still the the flagship. Note is like a pro version 
Haha I knew Elon's relation to SpaceX I was just wondering whether technically SpaceX or Elon owned the car
Is it Elon's or SpaceX's?
I also recommend the Anker SoundSync for this. However I don't see either of these solutions letting you use your car's buttons. 
I'd just recommend going to your local Samsung Experience store 
If you have any issues though, there are regulations to protect you when using a credit or debit card. By using PayPal you're waiving these and relying on the good will of PayPal to sort your problem
Could just use middle or index finger for it if you're left handed 
Ah okay that seems illogical but I don't really know how the updates are actually pushed. 
Depends on country I believe. UK unlocked S7 was one of the first if I'm not mistaken
I think the question implies what is the trend with previous Samsung flagships
The S8 has been adequately fast. There were a few instances early on where I've had it really badly lag while alternately using Google Maps and Snapchat on 4G while charging, but I haven't had anything like that in months. There is definitely a feel of it being less snappy than my Nexus 6P. I also don't like the way stock Android design is headed with Oreo, so I guess it was a good time for me to hop over to Samsung. 
Kinda, because those app developers may be able to access your messages
Just because the value is 20k doesn't mean you have to invest 20k. Many people will only know the name bitcoin but nothing else and have never even thought of buying it. If it continues to climb the influx of stories of bitcoin billionaires will only increase and make these people more interested in eventually buying. 
It's been based on speculation for a very long time and plenty of people have been burned before. Bitcoin hasn't really become mainstream yet, so I don't think enough people burned and don't want to look at it again to put almost everyone off gambling on it. 
Ok my friend. Congratulations on your payout 
You may end up being right, but I doubt you're basing that on anything concrete. It's impossible to predict this accurately
It all depends on how much you have invested in crypto. The amount I have is trivial enough that cashing out at the latest peak doesn't really change my life at all except for a little extra cash. I'm happy to risk that for the chance of getting a more significant amount 
7x return is fantastic for regular investments because risk is much lower. Whether 7x is a good return accounting for crypto risk is another matter
With that mentality why buy in at all? Or if you did, you'd sell for a profit of £.01.  

It's an 'investment' (read: gamble) where you risk some money to possibly make more. 
You're saying you made 19k per bitcoin from buying at 7.5k and selling at 8.5k. Sure
I'm sure when it dropped below 1k people said 'noone with a brain thought it would remain above 1k'. This fall is nothing new, it happens almost after every time after an ATH. Bitcoin is still up a huge amount over the last few months. I'm not saying I can guarantee it will go above 10k again - it's impossible to predict - but I wouldn't be surprised if it did
If you think you can get more than 10k why would you settle for it? Also, many people will have made much more than 10k, you're not limited to buying just one bitcoin
The title is intentionally /r/FellowKids...
Sure, but you're still only in the 5 figure range
You're coming off as a real arsehole here. Rest assured you're no Warren Buffet because you made a bit of money through crypto
The point is, if you have a 1% chance at a 100% return, or a 50% chance at a 50% return, the better investment strategy would be the 50%. Just because you picked the 100% and it happened to pay off doesn't make it a better strategy. 
Bitcoin gains publicity every time it rises, and people say it won't go as high again every time it falls.  
What you've just posted is utter speculation - you have no idea what is going to happen 
If you think it's going to go higher than 10k, why would you?
Yeah it's the same for me 
Mine slippes out of my pocket from less than half a metre onto my kitchen floor as I was kneeling down to pick something up and the back glass cracked :(
I actually like the cropped stories on 2:1, instead of black bars like Snapchat does it
Thanks. Initially I thought they were railed but when I was looking into it more it looked more like wheels
I have one more quick question out of curiosity. Are the pods on rails or wheels?
What? In Europe it's just one ski pass and you can go up as soon as the lifts open. Is this not the case in the US?
Very well I thought. I answered all the maths/logic questions well and only needed a small prompt on one of them
Oh my god I'm so jealous. I have 2,2 in STEP I, II
I follow lots of curated playlists. 
Thanks for the critique! I think I'll go for it and see what it's like 
Skins are pretty much all down to personal preference. I've actually grown to like TouchWiz overall since getting my S8 after only owning stock android phones. I will concede there are some times when it does feel slow but overall it's not been an issue 
Imo EMUI is significantly worse than Touchwiz
I don't think I've made myself clear. My thinking is in line with yours. In fact, I think no matter how much you've had to drink you can give consent - being drunk is not an excuse to get out of crimes so you can't lay blame on the other person for not realising your were 'too drunk to give consent'
Applied for Imperial pre Oct deadline. Did online test a few weeks later, interview end of Nov, received offer end of Dec 
But if they consent to it in their drunken state it's still classed as rape. 
Then Canadian RRP is quite a bit lower than UK RRP
I believe it is for this phone. 
And it's over 80k yen!!!
I wouldn't be surprised to see those prices increase this release cycle. 
I use Todoist for tasks
Google, LG, etc are all up there. Not just Apple and Samsung
I got an S8 in September for £550
Thanks!
How do you get the black at the bottom?
Nowadays it's not a matter of iPhones being fast but their animations are leaps and bounds ahead of Android
You're probably just missing the smoothness of iOS animations. It's the one thing that draws to me iOS whenever I'm looking for a new phone
I got mine from Amazon and default country was Italy 
I'm not familiar with Dutch economics unfortunately. Nevertheless, just because they borrowed somewhat sensibly doesn't mean that most of the EU didn't. 
They definitely used to be sorted separately - I remember it too
The Greek state got screwed. They aren't the only country that borrowed at the rates they did (most of the EU did)
Agreed. Jimmy is just always excited and a bit awkward, and of course playing it up for the show. No one wants to watch a depressed redditor telling their guests they aren't funny 
Holy shit this is an excellent way of explaining it
It just shows up as rich presence, and has a button you can click to listen to that song in spotify, or listen along and it'll play all the songs they're listening to at the same time


The statement from Samsung I mentioned was from their online customer support. I went to a store and they said as long as the back was all the was replaced they could replace it again but if they come across anything else they'll have to replace that too. They said it'll cost £60 and be done by tomorrow
Thanks!
I believe it does
Could you provide a link please? I've tried googling but I'm not sure which APK to download
RemindMe! 1 day
Thanks! I do see why 20mph seems like a reasonable choice. I still believe the speed limit could be higher on motorways as you shouldn't really have pedestrians there
It's a fun hobby. I did it when I was younger. Not all of YouTube is the Paul Brothers or Clout Gang
Yes but I don't think it's a very large factor in the price rises
Not incinuating you're lying, as I have not looked into this myself, but could you provide a source for this?
I wasn't the one who said that. I also currently use a Galaxy S8. It's not a reason big enough to not buy a Samsung phone but I'd definitely prefer if these 'features' weren't there. 
I happen to hate their device 'optimisation' feature as well as the different 'performance modes'
You can test it it works by trying to add a new card. Saves you the embarrassment
What is new spec STEP?
Why should profit be only through application of your brain? For the most part, you're intelligence is something you've had from birth. You can work to improve it, as you can with looks and fitness and plenty of other things, yet somehow intellect is still deemed as the only fair way to discriminate.  
I'm sorry but we can't make everything completely equal opportunity. You can't disallow discrimination of hookers you hire based on their appearance
I don't particularly have an issue with them. Here in Europe we have Eurosport which has pretty much all the alpine skiing
I see yeezys but never Jordans
That's the problem with banning bombs over here too! Whenever one goes off in central London everyone's frightened, if only they went off more frequently we'd all get used to it!
Western Europe in general. Half the cars parked on my street in the UK are BMWs, they're very popular here. 
Sorry what? Carving properly absolutely burns your leg muscles
Ah fair enough, I never log in using the card reader 
Why aren't all the moskovites bad?
Funnily enough surveys of the British population found the majority thought she should keep her job
I still don't get it
So if you're keylogged they don't get all the characters
And the UI is still awful
You don't have to add it when you set up. I added mine afterwards
Nationwide doesn't ask for specific characters, just the whole word. 
No it's not this at all. It's maths and logic questions, assuming this is the CS admissions test
Computer science
And GBP
Who the fuck says it before when speaking?
If you watch his old DayZ and A3L stuff he was hilarious. That's when his channel exploded and people have just stuck around since. 
In CS no less
People like his personality. He's a great person to just have on 2nd monitor while doing other stuff. 
Exactly. Take a look at the top streamers, their streams look good
Twitch doesn't need to. This doesn't really hurt twitch all that much 
But many people probably never go to hltv, I just go to twitch homepage and it's there 
Please don't put your child in danger for the sake of her being 'the first to ski it'
Currently loads of pistes are closed so you can find yourself with no blues to get you back down. I noticed a few people going back down in the Funi Perce Neige not realising only one red was open up there, when normally there's a very gentle blue. 
Exactly. Either they both move to Paris or neither. Long distance relationships don't work with parents. 
Monzo does support Android Pay
Why not just use monzo as a spending account and keep the rest with another bank. Monzo doesn't give any interest anyway so it doesn't really make much sense to keep large amounts of money with them. 
Fair enough - if that is the case, then I agree this is unfair. 
Make sure your ski technique is good. I was having similar issues and making just I was forward enough made a huge difference. Also carving more gives a smoother run and less movement and pain in the boot.  

Obviously this won't solve really bad fitting boots but helps when they're slightly off.  
I also agree with another commenter that you should definitely not feel plastic poking through.
In Tignes we had basically two runs open, one accessible from Le Lac and one from Val Claret. Both really short blues, didn't open til 12 and huge queues as there was so little open for the whole resort.  

Same thing yesterday, although they opened a little earlier and in Val Claret we had a 2nd lift open around 1pm giving access to a slightly more interesting run.  

The alert tonight said they're going to have to continue heavy PIDA tomorrow but from the wording we can't tell if that means limited opening again, but we're hoping not since it's going to be sunny as well. 
You would have to use iMessage on an iPhone I believe 
You really needed to see the sober one first
47% of users getting fucked over is still a lot
The thing is in this industry you're payed based on how famous you are. AFAIK she is less well known than him, at least in my circles
So all of Trump's alleged misconduct before taking office is also okay?
The fact that politicians have that choice is enough to be outraged. How can you be okay with companies buying out your representatives?
On mobile, using Gboard, you can long press the 'e'.  

On PC, you can press semicolon then 'e', depending on your Windows/Linux language options. 
Why does someone have to be lazy if they don't have a part time job and would rather focus on their studies?  

If you're applying to competitive universities you really can't afford to be wasting time working minimum wage for spare change 
Chromecasting doesn't present this icon for me :L
Snow right now is excellent, but hardly any pistes are open in Tignes. Val D'Isere opened up relatively well throughout the day. It's looking like it'll be similar tomorrow then better weather from then on
[Val Thorens](http://m.valthorens.com/en/live.480.html)  
[Tignes](http://www.tignes.net/meteo-tignes)  

The Tignes mobile app is better for viewing the open pistes there as it has an interactive map and a list of the runs and lifts with their current status, like Val Thorens does on their website. 
It's definitely been very stormy but there's not that much more snow than a few years ago. It just feels incredible due to the terrible last 3-4 years
I still have some from the mid-late 2000s that required photo id
Here is a photo: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DUAn5sDW0AAQBjO.jpg
I'm not sure, sorry
So do I, but when I'm in hotels on their WiFi it often throws you off and you have to sign back in so WhatsApp loses the WiFi connection to backup between the time I've gone to sleep and 3am
Supposedly yeah but no one knows whether WhatsApp actually encrypts the way they claim to do.  
While it's actually backing up it shows a notification, or if you've got it on backup over WiFi only and are disconnected from WiFi all night it'll tell you a backup is pending.  

If you've not seen it it's probably because you're usually sleeping while it backs up
Thanks! Enjoy your trip as well
I just started driving there this morning, arriving tomorrow so I'm also hoping it starts to open up. Weather has been showing some heavy snow tomorrow and a little bit in Sunday then easing off the rest of the week.  

I have one quick question if you don't mind - does your ski train take you all the way up to Tignes or do you have to switch to a bus? I've only seen trains to Val in the past 
Trois Vallees, Tignes Val D'Isere and Paradiski (Les Arcs, La Plagne) are the three mega resorts that will offer you the most choice and variety. Paradiski I'd not recommend as much to better skiers as it can be a bit dull, whereas the other two have some more challenging terrain.  

As other have said Chamonix can't be beaten for off piste but it can be very dangerous, especially right now where avalanche warnings aren't falling below 4.  

If you're looking to spend more for a more luxurious feel them Verbier and, Zermatt and St Moritz may be right up your street. I however don't know how the skiing compares. Also can't comment much on Austria or Italy. I tend to ski in France because the mountains are bigger so the resorts are higher up and generally are more snow certain - this big dump of snow at the moment is mostly hitting the big French and Swiss resorts, I was watching the ski world cup at a small Austrian resort and it was all artificial snow and grass on the side of the piste.  

From what I know, Italy and Austria are more affordable in general, Switzerland is the most expensive and France is somewhere in between, though this does all depend on the resort (e.g. Courchevel 1850 is much more expensive than Meribel)
I'm just curious why Tignes' conditions are so much more dangerous than a very near resort
where the fuck I am
Nah
Damn Sofitel is pretty much my favourite hotel chain 
Sorry I don't know an alternative off the top of my head then.
Use monzo and pay directly with card rather than cash. 


I would have him ask his referee when applying. 
Multiple choice on a levels? What?
Definitely do at least the AS. If you feel you could self teach the AS content in time for this year then even better. 
I just put them in as I did my other subjects, as I sat the exams at the school I was doing my other subjects 
Wait, am I that dumb? NZ has Alps as well?
A photo literally exactly the same as this but with a little less snow was posted in the last few weeks and not removed. 
Yeah, looking like this current storm is going to finish in the first couple days we're there so hopefully we won't suffer from any resort closures 
I find it funny you had to specify the European Alps :P
Still gonna be snowing :P
I have no idea but I haven't done anything other than re-enable it
With ADB?
I know
It's not very difficult, but some of the A2 concepts are quite complicated relative to just a level maths since just regular a level maths is really quite easy
I don't think his gf was backing up the accuser on this
Your comment makes sense as a response so I'm not sure if you have mixed it up.  

How can you ensure there's a variety of moderators if the users pick, and Paul fans dominate the userbase?
You can't deny that type dominate the YouTube space, why would it be any different on this other platform, except there there's also no one to hold then accountable!
When this all began everyone loved the fact that YouTube let you upload content to be stored on their servers for free! Now people expect to be paid for uploading any garbage they can think of in order to get views 
Yes but that's capped at 3 hours a year! It's not a 9-5 $10/hour job 
And the people on less than $2 a day can afford the resources to upload a YouTube video?
If you're under those thresholds, you're not making much from ad revenue anyway. 
So all the Logan and Jake Paul fans will vote then the moderators and they can do what they like?
I know the reality, just believe it doesn't need to be so
What economic theory is required for this? The person who runs a company decides what the company's goal is. There is no absolute necessity for this to be money and only money. 
No but not everywhere has the mindset of that being their only purpose. Businesses make money to be able to afford to continue providing their service, not just to hoard it.
Unfortunately that is what it's become
Part of the non-US world
Ah I see. I think that's probably a good thing - except for the top achievers (including more than just the Oct deadline demographic), university is often not really all that necessary
No. It's to provide some sort of service. 
Didn't they say applications were up for the October deadline?
It would cover their server and development costs.  

Anything further is them being greedy, not 'they have to turn a profit somehow'
Find another way to monetise. I'd happily pay £1/year like WhatsApp used to do if it eliminates ads. 
Yes. You do get used to it but it does bother me. Not a huge issue, not a dealbreaker for the phone just a bit of an irritance
Which cetraben do you use? I see emollient, cream and ointment on Amazon.
Which cetraben do you use? I see emollient, cream and ointment on Amazon. I too used to use aveeno but recently it's just been making it worse
All black looks good :(
Yep, that and topic specific exercises
Mine didn't
I would recommend against this technique. You're going to end up with gaps in your knowledge and it's just much more disorganised
Tignes Val D'Isere - almost always good snow cover, massive vertical drop, large variety of pistes and beautiful surroundings. 
Likewise :)
Integralmaths.org  

It's not free but it's very good. If you can get your school to sign up then it is free for you
It's often a very small percentage bump only
I'm heading there in less than a week!
Sarcastic. 
Doing the exams as well. I'm only doing it to AS this year, if I miss my STEP offer for Imperial I'll probably take a year off, do the rest of FM and just prepare for STEP again 
If I were you I'd start looking at a few of the Further Maths modules, maybe try to self-study one or two this year. If you then do decide to go for Computer Science, you'll have less to do next year for AS and would even make doing A2 manageable.  

Also, the reason FM is listed as 'highly desirable' is for the maths skills you'll need for admissions tests and interviews, they don't care about the qualification itself, so don't worry if you haven't done the full thing as long as you're familiar with the content. If you then don't get an offer from anywhere you want, you can take a gap year and finish FM and do STEP practice if you're going for Imperial.  

This is what I'm currently doing, except I only started FM in Y13
Well the season pass is definitely reasonable. I guess if you ski at least a week a year it's not do extortionate. 
That's just absurd. Not even St Moritz charges more than 80ish euros per day.  

You can get the whole of the Trois Vallees area or Tignes-Val D'Isere for 60 euros 
I did the same. If you're applying to Cambridge, you'll have to put class size of 1 in the SAQ
Well, I think the maths ranking also works for CS. COWI are top, then everything else
In my opinion it's better
Yep - 2, 2 in I, II
Warwick is solid. Don't know about Southampton.
For most universities (everything other than Oxbridge, Imperial and a few other top ones) if you have the predicted grades you'll get an offer. There's no need to worry
The online imperial test is a joke. I don't think they'd reject just based on that if you've got a solid application otherwise. 
Don't be nervous, if you've got an interview you'll probably get an offer (~80% of interviewees tend to get offers).  
In mine the guy just started talking a bit about what he taught on the course for a few minutes, the asked me a bit about my personal statement, then asked why I wanted to study CS. Then finished off the interview with 3 maths/logic questions. It's wasn't really stretching, I quite enjoyed it. I also got an offer from them
I agree with you here. This is not like anything I would expect from an Imperial interview
Only due to their intake. St John's is generally thought of as better
Ask the exams officer. Otherwise look at your exam timetable from last year
Any reason to pick them over St John's?
I did not
They're also airlifting people in and out of the resort at the moment because they can't open the roads
That's a great way to lose your balance and fall over. Always look down the mountain
Only thing extortionate there is the ski pass. 4/5 star hotels at resorts in the Alps are easily double what you're paying 
Thanks! I was hoping for the Cambridge offer so I wouldn't have to endure STEP for Imperial 
Lots of people who do get in often come back saying they didn't think they stood a chance but got in anyway. However, this is usually for humanities, for maths, engineering, sciences you know if you're up there. 
I have STEP I *and* II now!
Fair point, it wasn't more than a few days
Imperial firm, Warwick insurance
I returned mine due to not being able to control the volume through the Windows audio interface. I need to be able to adjust right/left balance so if that's something you rely on I'd advise against this
This is the way that would actually work
Most debit cards don't charge FX fees. Depending on the bank you can even get the internal exchange rate instead of an inflated one
How the fuck did you figure that?
The thing is it says you have to do a 4 year course with a work placement. I've applied for the 3 year BEng and was gonna decide later if I wanted to switch up to masters
I don't get where this 'no life' stuff comes from. It was plenty lively when I visited. You just don't get people walking the streets as much because it's really really hot outside and taxis/public transport are pretty cheap. 
What the current students told me on the open day was that they set step offers to stop people coasting the year, and will often still accept you if you miss, though I guess this depends on their numbers that year.  

Did you also get an email from them about a scholarship this morning?
All unit 4
November 30th. I've already met someone else on Reddit that was on the same day :P
My schools phys dept is quite disorganised
Try integralmaths.org for resources. It's been excellent for me self-studying FM AS 
End of Jan for maths, week before exams for Phys probs
Oh that's rough
If I don't meet my STEP offer from imperial I'll probably try again
It does get a bit tricky. It's one of the subjects where when you first go over a topic you may not understand anything until something just 'clicks' when you're doing a question or reading over it.  

However I wouldn't discourage you from doing it, if you're a mathsy minded sort of person you'll find it much better than Biology or Chemistry
BEng but yeah. That's so unfair :(
Friend of mine who applied for engineering at Imperial also hasn't heard anything back yet
Ah right it's not that heartbreaking then for it to be <5% or something i.e. absolutely borderline
CS is an incredibly competitive course man you did well to get interviewed <3
Maybe the double STEP offer was to compensate for a 3 A level offer only, as I'm doing 3A2 + 2AS rather than 4A2
2 in STEP I is hard enough, not sure how I'm gonna manage II
Apparently they do both :'(
Troubling thing about Imperial is STEP now. 2 in I, II for me.  

I didn't go for Bristol because I don't like the look of their course
What's your STEP offer for Imperial? Mine's 2 in I, II
Same experience here. Unfortunately I didn't get a place, nor did a friend who I think deserved it (for medicine). I have one more to ask tomorrow who went for maths.  

Well done on your place on a very competitive course! :)
I got my 1080 Ti for a steal of £608 in July
If they say it's required it's unlikely they'll accept you without it
Congrats! How did you find the CSAT?
If I meet my Imperial STEP offer I'll go with them, if it don't I'll reapply and do A2 Further Maths (doing AS this year self-studied since my school didn't offer it)
No one from my school has had offers this year so far. There's only one person left I haven't checked in with yet
That's exactly what mine said, but the numbers have been going up every year so it was expected, they even mentioned it at the open day.  

I was pooled as well, do you know what percentage of people that is?
I got pooled by Churchill for Comp Sci too. Is that a very small percentage?
Cambridge said it was more competitive this year than normal? My rejection letter said they had 7% more applicants but not that it was way out of proportion
Firm imperial, insurance Warwick probably. What are you putting?
Rejected for straight CS at Churchill, Cambridge. My interview and entrance exam didn't go well so I was kinda expecting it but I still had a smidgen of hope. 
Don't judge solely based off that. Check the resorts' twitter/Instagram/Facebook as they post whether roads are closed etc.
That's what I mean. If the teacher explains it better the first time round I'm more likely to understand it and not have to ask questions so therefore don't need them to be friendly enough to ask questions
I prefer it just being taught more clearly the first time since I don't really like having to ask for help
You can do that, at least in the UK. If you're diagnosed with excessive stress due to work you can get 6 months recovery time at full salary, then a further 6 at half. 
Please tell me you're joking
82ish UMS on each paper is definitely doable
Yeah I heard even the higher resorts like Val Thorens got a bit of rain. Fortunately Tignes avoided it all and has great conditions, I hope it stays as so until I'm there in a couple weeks :P
I follow some resorts on Twitter and Instagram and Tignes and Val D'Isere in particular have been completely shut down multiple days in the past few weeks
Oh wow damn. A couple of the resorts I've been keeping an eye on (Tignes and Val Thorens specifically) have issued alerts to stay indoors where possible at certain points in the past couple weeks but I haven't heard of evacuations there thankfully
I have experience in both private and state schools and think the private school teaching is worlds better. Much more structured, organised and thought through. However the teachers were much more reserved and didn't seem to give a shit while most of the state school teachers are friendly and seem to care.
I've paid 100+ times and got one :'(
It is only Europe unfortunately. From a quick Google it seems that CBC Sports offers it in Canada, but I can't actually access it and their coverage might be limited.
They're just practice. It's your teachers trying to give you plenty of time to learn the things you don't know so well and forcing you to revise a bit so the content is fresher in your mind come May
Generally pretty equal, though it varies by subject. E.g. for Maths at Oxford you sit the MAT, then get an interview based on that and then an offer that is just on a levels, so most people who get offers will meet them. Whereas Cambridge has interviews, then based on that gives offers which include required STEP grade. Therefore a lot of people who get an offer will miss it. So it's harder to get an offer from Oxford, but equally difficult to get in to both
I'm guessing the YouTube channel was ImAdl3r, as he's where I was freeloading too :P  

I picked up a Eurosport subscription for £30 for the year at the start of the weekend when he didn't go live. 
The resorts usually have buses going between the different villages. Can't say this is for certain the case with Les Arcs but I'd be surprised if it wasn't. Whether or not you find it inconvenient with all the luggage you'll have to decide. 
Sounds like your boots are too narrow. I've also had this problem in the past. This is either because you've been given boots too narrow, or you're not skiing with your legs bent at the knees enough - I always had problems with my boots until I improved my technique 
Four As at AS, 3 A\*s predicted this year 
Yes, it's £75 for either Maths or Further Maths, or £120 for both I believe.  

You could ask your school to sign up and then pay for student memberships, but I'm not sure how likely they'll be to do this if you're the only student needing it.
I'm not expecting quality even comparable to my Blue Yeti, but I wasn't expecting this much interference
The downside is you can't adjust left/right balance. I can't listen without modifying the balance 
Imo, yes
They always do say Further Maths is practically essential, they do the same for Computer Science, but I applied without it and got an offer. I think it may be just to discourage people who don't really like maths from taking subjects that are more mathsy than you'd initially think
That's why many buy the cheaper 9750GII and flash the 9860GII's software. It's supposedly easy but I couldn't be bothered and flashing your own software probably breaks exam rules
It will not show surds, fractions, etc. Only decimals. 
I got my applicant visit day invite over a month after receiving the offer. Bear in mind I did apply early for Oxbridge deadline so it may've been due to them not organising stuff til later 
Be warned, the 9750GII requires you to flash some extra software to get natural form. If you don't want to bother with that you will need the 9860GII
Maybe it's the subject? Comp sci just doesn't care lol
Churchill Cambridge and Imperial 

Use integralmaths.org to learn it. It's very helpful and FM (at AS at least) isn't too difficult
Both my interviews were everyone in jeans and hoodie and a couple exceptions in suits
It really irritates me. You can just double press the power button on practically all android phones. 
Or when they put UK and USA right at the top of the list 
Samsung Sans is still my favourite. 
Mine also says can't open direct from my downloads for some reason. If I open with solid explorer in package installer it works 
LS100 or the FTSE Global all cap would be my recommendations for something pretty standard
If you do Tignes Val D'Isere seem to have the best right now. They had as much snow as Val T but it's been a bit colder, while I've heard it has rained a little bit in Val T since the blizzard
I was there between the first and second week of December - we had the blizzard that made the snow excellent for you probably :P
Most of the time it's just cringy when the do this kind of thing though
There definitely is outreach. My schools catchment area covers some very wealthy and very poor areas and we had programs by the local council, independent groups and universities directly (mainly Oxford and a little bit from some lower tier ones) targeted at the top achievers in the school trying to encourage them to aim for the top universities and providing enrichment activities to put on personal statements.  

This was not aimed at any gender or ethnicity, just people who they thought had the potential for a top uni (I think the baseline was 5A\*s at GCSE to be included). However, I think it did miss white working class boys as from my experience, those with potential had already started underachieving before this and therefore missed the bar to be included.
Thanks!
Got it, thanks
Thanks I think I understand. This is in the status bar I presume?
I have friends going through similar issues. Parents with important jobs who don't want to see their children go into 'wishy washy' subjects and so push them to do something they don't want to do.   

I'd say tell her, the more she hears about it the more it'll normalise for her and don't let her kill your passion for the subject. On the other hand, if it's not really an important offer to you then don't worry. I didn't tell my parents (who fully support my course choice) about every single offer just my 1st and 2nd choice
Cambridge Comp Sci offer holders' UMS average across all subject is ~97. That high UMS is not unachievable, I had 96 and I'm waiting back for a decision in the next week following an interview. I also didn't do Further Maths which the large majority of applicants and successful applicants will've done
Not at all. Cambridge offer holder UMS average for mathsy type subjects (Maths, Comp Sci, etc.) is ~97. As long as you're getting around that you're grades are not going to hinder your application.  

Also know that 78% in a chemistry test is not the same as 78 UMS in the exam, it would most likely be much higher than that.  

Edit: Actually, none of this matters anymore as you're probably doing linear A levels not modular
Anyone have a video demonstrating what the notification ticker actually is?
The Alps had a bad 3 years. Thankfully it's been much better this year
Val T had a bit of rain yesterday as well. Tignes Val D'Isere and Paradiski (La Plagne, Les Arcs) seem to have made the best of the blizzard
This is from their social media pages, so they're trying to make it seem like more snow has fallen. Even so, they've had a fuck tonne the last couple days
My battery life hasn't deteriorated since when I got it, it's always been like this. I suspect my main problem is Snapchat, but I can't stop using it. If you don't use Snapchat you'll probably get a bit better battery life
Snapchat just dominates my generation. It's very hard to get people to use anything but it
Looks the same as Nougat to me
Battery life is not great on the S8 (from what I know the S8+ is better). I get around 4h SOT on mostly WiFi using mostly Snapchat, Instagram, WhatsApp, FB Messenger and Reddit
Alright mate, if you think you can say with absolute certainty Bitcoin is not a bubble, you're deluded
I'm sure people in the .com bubble said the same.  

I'm not arguing bitcoin is a bubble, I'm arguing it's impossible to say. 
I personally can't stand Huawei's android skin so I'd recommend S8. I have one, coming from being a stock android die hard and I think it's fantastic. 
Ah okay. I've never RMA'd with Google. I have done with EVGA and they took the money straight away then returned it after 
Must be quite a large town then. In France they're usually quite small
That's odd - you've got to get a train from the town to the lifts? Everywhere I've been in France is ski to your door or near enough to it
Fucking hell that must be terrifying. I've been on one when it's windy and shitting myself when it was probably barely moving compared to this.  

At least the chair is sheltered
The shorter, sharper turns are what I'm struggling with as I keep losing balance whenever I try to carve them.
I go skiing with my family and they are much worse than me and definitely won't be taking on off-piste. I'd prefer to ski groomers with them than off-piste on my own.  

At the moment, I'd just like to get better at carving and doing giant slalom type turns, as that is what I enjoy doing the most. I feel I can already do this but only very wide, I want to be able to do sharper turns


I'm try to improve my carving at the moment - I really enjoy doing giant slalom type turns and I find it hard maintaining a speed slow enough that I'm comfortable without having to just go sideways to slow myself down every 100m or so
Can get quite dangerous in Europe, plus I enjoy groomers because I like carving 
The default app sounds are what you're hearing - the app developers can set what the notification sound is, and if they don't it'll use the system default. For example, Facebook Messenger still has the little ding sounds, BBC News plays their breaking news jingle for headline alerts. It seems like Kik just hasn't set their own notification sound for the Android app. If you want, you can download the iOS notification sound and then manually change the notification sound that Kik will make on your phone.
Very interesting, thanks! That's cheaper than most restaurants I've been to in the UK even!
This is the reason I prefer it to Samsung Pay, besides there's no NST in the UK anyway so they're the same. I just whip my phone out, press the home button and tap, all done in less than a couple seconds.
I think the guidelines are the same in the US just nobody follows them, unlike here
I think you've misunderstood slightly. In the US in restaurants they don't bring the card reader to your table, they take your card, process the payment and then bring it back to you with a receipt. Therefore it's less convenient to hand them your phone, not just using your phone to tap against the terminal and the cashier getting confused. 
School doesn't do FM so I'm doing that in my own time, but for reg maths A2 we've got less than one module to go for C3, C4 and S1
You're only doing maths and doing 6 modules in one year?
I agree! I'm just saying them initially taking the funds wasn't the breach of contract, failing to return them was
To be fair, you can't find much more expensive than Courchevel and Val D'Isere in France.  

Also, I believe you can get a train straight to Val D'Isere from BSM
What are food prices like in Austria? In France I usually end up paying 18 or so euros for a burger and chips but they're usually pretty nice and a relatively large portion, so I don't think it's too awful. If you just ski down into the main village at lunch you can find cheaper. 
I recently did a weekend trip to Val Thorens - flew from Gatwick to Geneva with easyJet then rented a car to drive the rest of the journey as I hate buses/coaches. I'm not really sure whether this was more expensive but it was definitely a bit of a hassle since there was a snowstorm while trying to get up, bearing in mind I usually drive all the way from the UK so we're used to driving the ascent.  

Resort wise depends on your budget and capabilities. You're going to get the biggest variety from the larger, well known resorts. If you're lower end of intermediate or beginner I'd recommend La Plagne. Their lift system could use a bit of an upgrade and it's not the prettiest of towns but the skiing there is often not too steep and very relaxing. It also covers a lot of terrain so unlike some other resorts you're not constantly taking the same lift up to ski a slightly different piste back down to the same place.  

If you're upper end of intermediate I'd recommend Tignes. I prefer it's ski area to Val D'Isere and as far as I'm aware accomodation is generally cheaper, plus they're connected so you can just go ski Val D'Isere as well. Val D'Isere has a nice villagey feel that not a lot of French resorts have but you may not care about this if you're just looking to ski.  

Val Thorens/Trois Vallees I also enjoyed, but I've only been for a weekend and during a snowstorm so didn't really get much of a feel for the place. It's more of a village than Tignes but not as much as Val D'Isere. I also went early in the season so Meribel and Courchevel weren't open yet so didn't get to ski over there, though I'm pretty sure the connections would've been closed due to the storm anyway.  

If you're looking for a smaller place, that may also be cheaper I can suggest Valmorel. It's a 'real' village and I have wonderful memories from the few times I've been, though I was between 5 and 8 years old so don't have the most comprehensive recollection. Also been to Vars and remember enjoying it but not enough to compare to the big resorts I've been frequenting lately, and Valmeinier which I don't remember fondly mostly due to snow cover being terrible while we were there, so not really a definitive reason for you to avoid it.  

I can't comment on nightlife as it's not really my thing. Restaurant quality on the mountain (not in the village) was the best in La Plagne for me, Tignes was dreadful for this and prices were higher. Val D'Isere had similar prices to Tignes but better food. Val Thorens similar to Val D'Isere. In terms of restaurants in the villages, I loved La Terrasse in La Plagne, and La Face Ouest in Val Thorens. Don't remember anything standing out in Tignes or Val D'Isere like those two. 

If you have any more specific questions let me know and I may be able to answer.
I ski in the French Alps, pretty much exclusively groomers and they can get really really busy. I would like to push myself but I'm afraid I'm being dangerous if I lose control and fall and possibly hurt someone other than myself. What would you suggest in this situation?
I was still having it on beta 4. Switched back to Nougat before beta 5
Val T have at least said they're trying to open up today, as far as I'm aware, while Espace Killy (similar height) has straight up said closed all day.
But doing this just gives them more control - it shows that the strategy of banning anyone who charges back stops people charging back in future.
But if the money is taken as collateral, it's charged as soon as the RMA process is started, and then returned once the original has been received and OP would've had to agree to this. Then failing to return the funds is what Google has failed to do
My bad, I always mistake Zermatt being in Austria not Switzerland
This doesn't stop them selling products there?
Well from my understanding the money was taken as collateral for sending out the replacement phone before receiving the original, so I don't think that is unfair.
That's exactly my point. Fuck 'em and charge back
Aa, very specific :P
Be very careful with off piste, especially in the current conditions - it's not like the US
Unfortunately I have no suggestions as I've only been to Val Thorens once, managed to ski just two days and the weather was similar to this although a bit milder (resort was still open as it was less windy)
That's gonna be dangerous after the blizzard. 
Verbier is looking good at the moment since it's closer to the French Alps, which are getting the brunt of the storm by the looks of things. 
Maybe I need to start coming to Austria. The busy pistes at Tignes Val D'Isere and the Trois Vallees gets really irritating, but I'm not sure if it's worth giving up the all but snow guaranteed high resorts. 
Looks to be holding up so far if you've looked at any of the high French Alps resorts (Tignes Val D'Isere, Trois Vallees)
Earlier in December when I was in Val Thorens we were getting 50cm a day for a weekend and were worried the resort was going to shut down. Fortunately now there's plenty of snow for when we go back out to Val D'Isere next week :P
Samsung and Apple I can agree with, but OnePlus?
If they take them so seriously they should look into what they failed to do that resulted in a customer having to issue a chargeback, not just punish users for using consumer protections that Google can't control
Then they should have processed the refund within the time they were supposed to. 
Fucking hell...
This is probably Europe and that's very hard to find. Hell, some of the most popular French resorts barely have anything below 1800m even
Val D'Isere (the other half of Espace Killy) tweeted a few hours ago that all lifts were shut. It's been years since the last time I've seen that happen
I thought that but it looks to me like I can see the rounded top corners
All the Alps!