Canadian, actually. 
What street is this? Looks like it's in the Noe area. 
Thanks Aaron. First trrrryyyyyy!
Because if there was some developmental reason for it, they didn't want to deal with that. But I was left astray by an adult before I had the ability to really make decisions for myself  
Gottemmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!
This looks like a magpie, and if there's one thing we can learn from magpies.... is that they're all pieces of shit. Probably stole it from some disabled child, at the food and threw the plate away. 
Calm down, QT. 
To be fair, I'm still pretty sure thats what he meant haha
if band of brothers has taught us anything...
He really was, always had my back. 
THE BEST. I used it again in middle school, with the same level of success. 
I think its, "If im not your friend you'll beat me up again". Feels really animal, like pack behavior. 
oh I have one for this. My grandpa was a bit old school and gave me prison yard advice for my first week of school. He said, if anyone picks on you, just deal with them right then, don't take it. First week of Kindergarten, a grade 1 kid was pushing me around, not letting me go back to class. I pushed him down against a fence and kicked him in the face 3 or 4 times, splitting his nose. ALMOST got kicked out of school, until they found out my grandpa had told me to do it. Thing is, no one messed with me after and that guy was nice to me all the way through to graduation.
TELL US HOW YOU REALLY FEEL! 
Doesn't really look like a family 
Else report.destroy; 
There's some indie one coming, but it's been coming for a loooong time 
Yeah... Go to redfern. So, housing is spread out, the government buys single apartments all over, not in one ghetto/area. . . Other than redfern . 
First dream time, then before time, then after time. 
I've heard its based on how long you've been alive. When you're 4, a year is a quarter of your entire life. As you get older, a year makes up a lower % of your overall life, making it seem much shorter. 
I interviewed there but the Strategy director called my responsive website 'an easter egg' .Yeah naw. ... but wish I'd worked with lil dicky. 
Toni Collette has come a long way!
I watch it every day in r/politics
I have one friend I was infamous for accidentally killing alllll the time. I don't know why, but it was always him. The last time we played, we had characters we played every night for a week,then he got the "blind' glitch and I had to put him down. We both vowed never again. 
Hey you made that fraggin post!
Why
More like abused spouses. One guy told me dayz is a better game than Skyrim and harder to make. 
Turns out it was small agency/tech company that started with an r. not even close. 
haha She asked me how he was going, I said not bad. 
ITS THE NEW VANCOUVER WHICH IS THE NEW SF! 
Followed by "so her sons married to Serena Williams? That's pretty cool" 
Remind me!
Epic moves devs onto and off of projects in large numbers. In that time they created Paragon, did a ton of work on it (including redoing the map and and gameplay), then shut it down and moved everyone to Fortnite. Meanwhile on DayZ...
lolololol
The long dark had a very small team and created a great product that was miles ahead of dayz, to name one. Star dew valley was.done by one guy over 4 years. Like I said, no way 80+ people are working on that game. You think more dev hours have gone into this than Skyrim? This subreddit is either delusional or just mega trolls.
Skyrim had a team of 100 in Dev for 3 years. So 20 more, but two years less to make SKYRIM. 
Skyrim had a team of 100 in Dev for 3 years. So 20 more, but two years less t make SKYRIM. 
I wouldn't want dayz associated with any new product, if I were them. I've workes not as.a dev but with devs all of my career, as well as in the games industry. Teams of 5 people have done better work in less time, and on AAA games.  
You do know making the new Arma engine is not the same thing as making dayz.right? They've moved on. 
There is no way 80+ people have been working on this game daily for five years. NO WAY. Please tell me you don't believe that? 
She doesn't have one 
I married one! It's as good as they say. 
Luckily the agency was taking on more of that work, so  I researched and took online courses in my free time. When the projects came up, I was the natural.chkice to work on them. It's kind of adjacent though, going from creative strategist to data/business strategist.
same here! We're a preferred adobe partner. 
Salary. I've been in the industry for about 8 years, worked in Sydney, SF and Vancouver. It CAN be interesting, but it depend what you like doing. I like working for the agencies that are doing things that clients CAN'T do, not won't do. It used to be websites, then it was social. Now I'm moving into data strategy and machine learning. I think thats the key, always be learning and doing something new, at least for me that's the case. 
I just ditched pygame and going to unity. Converting everything to csharp isn't fun but better now than later. It's just not developed enough to be a serious engine. 
Agree. Most people fuck around all day then stay late to look good + drink and screw around. Those people are usually single, as well. 
Hmm so maybe I should just use an int to represent what I'm doing. It really doesn't have to be a string 
In the code in provided at the bottom
I kinda want to get my mom on to this

WHEN WILL YOU LEARN!
Ok there Kelly-anne
Always pick the yellow one. Or that green round one with the single tail 
I know for a fact you do not. My friend has many permabanned accounts, he says that stuff all the time and it takes a lot before anything happens. If you saw it happen to someone popular or a streamer, that's different. 
They do not. 
That's what I've been learning in, it's very simple and lightweight, great for basics 
Straya' cunts! 
here you go. hopefully I can get my one upvote back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWNo1H2tVhg
I was trying to find a way, its really crazy. I will see if he can upload to YouTube

It was nhlpa hockey in 93, that's when I started, blades of steel before that. I haven't played in months and don't really miss it. I think the lack of competition is really killing the game. Even NHL 2k forced them to try harder back in the day, now there's no motivation as it's a monopoly. 
I lived with a guy that had a ton of these in a tank, was in Australia. SO probs. 
I get this vibe, as well. I think its the room in general, reminds me of a place I had in Summer Hill
Right by wallflower?
Not Miles Joyce 
!remindme 24 hours
My first meme was "hello my future girlfriend, this is what I sound like" from 1998 http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/hello-my-future-girlfriend?full=1
That's what I did, that giant one, I forget the name. Learned a lot!
Fucking markstrom 
One of the funniest episodes of "my 600 pound life" I've ever seen 
That's vintage memery
I rooted my phone and installed it just for fun. It was pretty bad 
Magnets, how do they work?
Kind of unrelated, but the girl that came out and said something to her at around 6 mins in - isn't she from I am Jazz on TLC?

Edit IT IS! https://www.instagram.com/p/BfjSc22lYRW/
I remember this time! A kid in my school would wear a priest outfit and paint an upside down cross between his eyes. A bunch of the goth kids got a syringe and sprayed their own blood all around the school. 
Zactly
And to think, he went on to be one of the best ADCs in na. Vintage Sneaky.
I had this thought, I even quit. Being a advertising strategist, it really is on me to get into their heads, and now I've layered in data and data strategy on top. But I came back, because honestly I'm really good at what I do, and like others have said - advertising this working properly should know what you already want and make you aware of it. It used to be about blasting a message out, or convincing people to like your product, but now with the reach and data we have, its about finding the right person for your product. 
which is often
I feel like some of these are trolling though. specifically:
"Trump is awesome! He sure knows how to keep the unstable leftists screaming at tje sky and in constant crisis. Knowing Trump the entire thing is already worked out and coming to an end. Stable genius."

The stable genius line, thats what WE say! 
YES this will save a TON of time. Thank you!
It felt a little miss sunshine to me 
This varial flip has attained max mobbness
sorry I'm confused. I have everything working between my ide and sqlite, thats not an issue. If I run the game asa bunch of functions (as if called by the buttons in the GUI) I can play my game. Its just displaying database tables to the users in the GUI that I dont know how to tackle. 
Victoria on Vancouver island has an area and mall called Tillicum 
I don't disagree sketchy stuff was happening, I'm just saying those people were not publicly admitting to it. They were talking about standard stuff you get for your spend. 
r/paragon is going to lose its mind. Those guys have been trying to backwards engineer the game from old installs. 
I don't know about the rest of this, but one thing to be careful about was this quote - "Theresa Wong from the Trump campaign says that people from Facebook, Google, and Youtube "...were helping us... They were basically our hands-on partners..." When you spend more than a million with FB and Google, you get your own account manager and access to their team. There's nothing special about this, anyone with the money would have the 'best people' working for them from those companies. I think its safe to say including social in your advertising mix is table stakes now, so when she says "Without Facebook, we wouldn't have won." - that's a pretty basic and obvious statement. 
Luckily hes usually cuter than this

that's something I've really enjoyed watching develop. It seems to happen once they understand patterns - at least for mine. I'd do something he expected but then change something small about it and he'd laugh
. I guess at its core that's comedy. 
Someone had to say it 
I start three for strategy research a lot. Usually just google the papers or use an interns uni login to get it for free 
Or even better, scholar.google.com
It sure is!
But no geocities page? Ca monnnn. I still remember my icq number :/
https://giphy.com/gifs/court-csyd2jL2gTASk
Mom shut the door I'm talking to my gf on icq!!!
What agency?
I take a lot of things that way. I always move to the side if we are walked 2x2 so another set of 2 can pass, but if one of them doesn't do the same, I take it as them feeling superior. 
Apparently the OP didn't see it and posted art in off brands so.... Case solved, dear corner-case. Cue the music https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hncC_s6XlM

it says gallery right in the bottom right. 
See you all on the front page! 
It's pretty normal
Somone asked why on t_d and they said "because his job with north korea was complete". Those guys have really lost it. 
Probably has nothing to do with saying something about Russia 6 hours earlier. Totally about his 'job being done with north korea' lololol 
yeah, I didn't want to take away from the work you did, I think its a great alternative, especially at the cost. 
!RemindMe 1 day
I don't know why you got down voted. It's a cool project and looks great, but the stream decks usp is the buttons are lcd and can be changed to anything. So you could have a set for LoL and a set for overwatch, for example. Because of that, it's not really in the same category. But again, cool project and better than anything I could do. 
They let the "Pauline Hanson was right" woman drive a car?? Why!? https://youtu.be/i414rgb2uV4
I get really mad at people breaking rules. Just yesterday someone almost hit us (including baby) in a crosswalk because they didn't want to wait 4 seconds for us to cross before turning. Then at an art museum, some girl went inside a roped off area to get a pic up close with the art. Those rules are there for a reason!! 
33, did it last night, feel like shit. I figure it will never end. 
sorry to be clear, it was multiplayer modes and the project was specifically about that. 

it was analytics and the project was specifically about map use. 
Trust me, it was something he should have known if he'd played the game at least once. 
That's nothing. A guy who worked on bf didn't know the game multiplayer game modes. 
I wouldnt start with something that intense. My wife and I play Minecraft together, but she doesn't play any other fps games. I do the hunting and fighting, she designs and builds. She's gotten pretty good.
I wish I had skateboaded in a time where many different styles were accepted. The late 90s were so bad for either being 'hesh' or tech. I love watching this stuff. 
Seems like a lot of work, making all those comments. 
Dravens cashing in those stacks!!
Calm down, Carlos. 
Yeah but do they have a giant hockey stick?
All mine from advertising are like the dark, twisted versions of this. One time I got chopped in the shoulder with an ice axe by an angry account manager. 
I think they're trying to say that they wouldn't be able to get away with doing those things now, which I really hope isn't true. 
Have you BEEN to Nanaimo though? yuck. 
It depends on your situation, I think. I read everything that was posted. If I don't have something to add, I'm not going to just add random comments. 
It was just such a shitty experience. I'd spend like 2-3 hours making this content, much longer than making 10 comments. After the last time it happened, I just deleted all my files and quit the game lol. 
I'm curious, how does the system work? Does it flag a comment or does auto moderate it? It seems like such a bad idea. I'd go and make 10 useless comments that added nothing to the conversation and then repost. 
It's also why its important for a brand to be involved in the user-run communities. 
You could ignore it though, right? 
I worked there just after they opened it. Can confirm, they are not the brightest bulbs. 
nope
Not to be a dick, but one thing that I really disliked was the mods of this subreddit. I made a series of videos taking the top/funniest plays of the week and would try to post here, and they'd always be deleted due to self promotion. They were 100% relevant and didn't have ads. I was making them to promote the game, and was even in the process of making a video guide to moving over from LoL. This post would have been deleted if the user didn't post 10 comments first. It was a weird power trip that only hurt the community.  
Hey, at least he will be investigating these DAMN VIDEO GAMES... which have been proven over and over again to have no impact on these shooters. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGCNR6mqQkI
You don't have to worry, they will just copy whatever PUBG does. 
all good its old af
I mean Ross from Friends lol
be honest, is this Ross? 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCIEsQNymr0
Pediatrician? 
I've always got off the ice this way and I've never come close to cutting someone's throat. Meanwhile we have a guy with a broken back doing it the other way
You'd think they'd be motivated as well. Think how much this is going to cost the Canucks? 
I dont know why they need to be open anyway. Unless pulling a goalie. 
Can we agree that it's time to change the design of the doors? They changed the glass at the end of the bench, lets deal with the doors now. 
Also they can break a rib and still beat the shit out of a weasel. WHERE MY HANSEN FANS AT? 
boo
I was pretty low on the social totem pole in middle school and got bullied a bit. It didn't last very long, but at the its worst most people thought they could take a few shots at me, sometimes literally. It got to a point one day where this small kid who was born prematurely thought he could get in a few shots. He was three quarters blind and deaf. I just couldn't take it anymore, he pushed me and I punched him in the face. 

I beat up a handicap kid to prove I wasn't at the bottom of the pecking order.
really though, what other guy is he going to be? 

I totally remember this! Fuck all the trolls who said it would never happen. 

Someone who comes up with content and manages brands social pages.
Community manager. Used to be a job people would fight for, now its done by 20 year olds for next to nothing. 
I think that was established with feeding pizza to a one year old and the pierced ear. 
Yes 
It's not about obsessing, that child is far too young to be eating pizza, period. They only even know what it is/can demand it because the parents gave it to them. It's just bad parenting. 
She DID ask him to do it... But wow, what a shot. Caneshonda's gonna be out for a while!
I assume it's always electricity, right? 
No
It gets the people goin'!
I'll get back into it for sure, but after I'm done making my own game. I get 2 hours a night from 9-11, gotta make them count :)
I'd say its a smart time to do it, try to remind people what makes the product so good. I work in advertising, so most things just feel calculated to me. 
The Atlanta Thrashers.... oh wait
because it has always been one of the USPs - they own the hardware and the software, so they work together super smooth. It speaks to the core of what sets their products apart since the start of Apple. 

The average person won't hear about the intentional slowing and even if they do, they'll forget. What they will remember is how their ipod felt compared to the zune, or how their Macbook was still fast after 5 years when they had to reformat their PC 4 time to keep it running. 
him saying "Hardest thing I've ever frontside flipped" made me think the same thing. Seems like something you'd say if you've frontside flipped a LOT of things. 
sorry, that had them as guests not permanent. but the fact they would use public money to teach a class on religion is INSANE. 
Reverse for me. Moving to Australia was shocking because of how religious it is! How are there priests in public schools!? 
Dont bother with these people. Theres no point 
did that guy ever finish it? I played it years ago ,the early game was great but it seemed to just die out. 
I've been listening to that song since I found it on Napster about 20 years ago. It's just so good!
Not olive garden, but in my small town my cousins got banned from the local Chinese buffet. They ate everything they had and they basically had nothing to offer anyone else in the restaurant. People were glaring at us... It was so bad. On the way out they said we needed to call ahead next time, then said actually, don't come again. They also shut down a McDonald's back when they had the 50 cent cheese burger deals (max 20 per person). They would split up, one through  the drive through and 2 to different registers. 60 cheeseburgers at once. They'd come home and eat basically all of them in one sitting. I have so many stories. 
Sedins will vote no
GG FF at 20
Yeah naw m8
Yeah snow our goalie, it's all good. 
Well that's disrespectful. Stop eating for 2 mins kid. 
For people whose jobs require them to carry a gun, it doesn't make sense. For everyone else, it makes perfect sense. If there's a .01% chance that people in a rage are going to buy a gun and shoot people and simply waiting 10 days solves that , then its worth the very slight inconvenience. 
How about we start with dropping the 'you can only buy this on streaming', then you can rent it a couple weeks later crap. 
Why does it matter? I've ordered stuff from Amazon that taken more than 10 days.
Lucky you. We just had a baby and I'm moving my computer from a big room with a view of the ocean to a storage closet with no windows :/
Sure
I got my start blogging and being on Twitter when it first came out. Managed to speak at conferences, got hired by a start up, moved into agency as a jr strategist. Now I have 8 years experience, and 2 months of a degree that I dropped out of. Never needed it. 
I'm surprised no one has mentioned the book weapons of math destruction. Here is the author talking about something I found very interesting: 
"Michelle Rhee in Washington, DC, was this really gung-ho education reformer. She was hired to apply all of these new reform ideas. She instituted both a bonus for people who got good teacher assessment scores, and for principals at those schools, and she would fire teachers with bad enough scores. What happened, we have reason to believe, is that in DC a lot of teachers just cheated. They like, changed the answers on their students’ scores.

It’s obvious to everyone that if you incentivize something like good standardized test scores, then the teachers are going to teach to the test. But it should also be obvious that if there’s enough carrot and/or enough stick, it’s going to be more extreme than that. You’re going to actually see cheating. And that’s what we saw. We saw a dubious and unusual number of erasures at various schools, including one of the schools that was sending kids to a class taught by Sarah Wysocki. So these kids came into her class with very good scores from the previous year—from a school that had unusual numbers of erasures—but who couldn’t read or write at grade level. So it was very suspicious.

And then she got fired based on her teacher assessment score, and she has reason to believe that the expected score for those kids was unreasonably inflated. So she couldn’t meet those expectations. If you have cheating, then the teacher the year after that can’t possibly keep up. And they are going to get dinged for that other teacher’s cheating. Even if that’s not exactly what happened, if you think about it in terms of incentives, this is what’s going to happen. You’re gonna get cheating. It’s just something we should know by now."
This game can be so dark. I haven't played since the "open for business' expansion, but I remember training my kid to work in the store attached to our house. The benefit of using your own child was, you don't have to pay anything. Well, he grew up and suddenly wanted money, so I locked him in his room until he died. Had another kid, turned off aging, took him out of school to work in the store for the rest of time. I assume he's still there now, chained to a cash register. 
It's Pacific center, everyone's weird :/
That's the king if Norway's bisexual wife!
I feel really lucky. Very very edge of the Xennials, but also into computers from a young age (had a 286, knew how to use dos). Also, I think hotdog html editor, Netscape navigator and geocities defined us. 
Hey hey hey!
My fave player gets another goal!!!! 
Cool Holm. Could have cleared that out easily.
Unrelated, but do you know where I can find resources for modern ui for tkinter? Like responsive etc 
Yeah that's what I'm asking. So having the python program open rhe db at the top of the program, have functions commit changes to the DB, and close on exit of the tkibter window would be best practice?
As a support, I enjoy the blitz laugh non stop, or Soraka laugh. 
Ezreal?
It always seemed try hard AF to me. Like those girls in high school who'd have half a beer and be "hammered"
What a bunch of n00bs, focusing the tank. GG.
Hotbot had everything I needed
I get a similar thing with league of legends - can play 2 games a week on weekends at 8 am before wife and baby wake up - every time I get some kid on my who tilts and intentionally losses the game...
Nice thanks! I like that method to distribute, I will give it a shot 
Ugh I just FELT the taste from reading that.
98% of it
 - throws mom down well with the rats. 
When the trash takes out the trash
Does he really have a lion though? 
Data and DMPs are the nature of the industry, but imma let you finish 
I was going to say the EXACT same thing! I think its the size of the wheels and the actual shape of the board, same sized tail as nose. 
Pretended to have cancer to get out of work, went so far as to wait in the bathroom and pretend to throw up if someone came in.  When asked to provide a drs note, said her brother died. When asked for some proof of this (she'd missed a lot of time), she said her dad killed himself due to grief. Someone who had her as a friend on Facebook saw both her brother and dad writing on her wall (from the grave I guess 👻). We had her personal items shipped to her so she didn't have to come back in. Oh, and one half of her desk was all Catholic stuff, the other half was demons and satanic. 
Yeah but then you'd have to deal with Sneaky 
##skategod
That guy looks so Australian
he was betting on esports, this guy knows what getting tilted is about. Tilted off the face of planet salt mine. 
Blatheringblatherskite!

Not to be a stickler, but this isn't public 
yeah that next 10 years are going to be VERY interesting. Too bad we are focusing on bringing back coal instead of getting ready for the change. 
28 Cokes Later 
I totally understand that, but when you're paying someone to push buttons on a screen it doesn't make sense. The population all have those same skills, so they no longer have any value, or not enough to pay that much for them. Its especially bad when the value proposition of the restaurant is speed and value. 
At least he didn't go to the Prometheus yard sale! 
That dashcam video where a brick falls off the back of a truck and hits the guys wife in the face. It's one if the few videos I wish I could unsee. You don't even see it, just the crying.
Do it as fast as possible, if you can. I left Duncan and worked in Sydney and SF, now vancouver. So many fun places out there 
Bad for people that worked there you mean... 
Well you get to order off a touch screen in Australia, so.... Be thankful. We get this. 
Overnight, but it was outdoors. I had made my own tank and filter out of Rubbermaid tubs and pumps. It was in Australia so with a small heater they would be fine normally
I know, I work in tech in SF, but it's more about financial institutions, using credit scores for job candidates etc. I wouldn't have thought it either and I use data everyday in my work. 
If you can, read Weapons of Math Destruction. Algorithms are created by rich white people with  strong biases against the poor, while wealthy people more often get personal, bespoke service. 
Well she couldn't have children, so maybe it was Karma
Reminds me of my EX room mate who unplugged my tank of bristlenose catfish that I bred. I had to bury them along with about 100 babies :( 
I had an account that I didn't use that somehow was given to someone else. I had an email from Noam Chompsky in there that I can't get back :(
Someone was beat to a pulp the other day in Vancouver, ending this way isn't common. 
You can turn it off, I think it's a setting at playlist level. I tried to have 3 downloaded songs for in the underground parking then let it play similar ones after but it always gets it wrong 
What about a whole playlist of hip hop but because the last song was a Kendrick Lamar remix, it plays all electronic music after when it keep playing 'similar' music. 
Ive moved over to the human centipede 
I don't get that Toyota commercial  with the auto braking - is that Lucic's daughter or wife?
I HATE non John's games 
Oh Chip.
They ended my development career. I thought I could be a Dev before I experienced these... I went back to being a Strategist.
But he's a zed main so who even cares. #StandWithBraum
The question is will they keep adding new translations for new content? Supporting another language is really difficult, it's not just putting things into Google translate. 
You're out of MAAAANAAAA!!!
I'm gonna get him on an influencer program, expect some light branding coming your way
Portland Winterhawks?
Bad bot
Why. Why could I walk through the woods in the 90s as a kid and porn tumble weeds would blow by? 
Aaaaand deleted. I noticed a trend in these accounts defending Trump. They all had a few posts about games and wrestling - either they are 12 year old rednecks or Russian bots have a "type". 
Look at the comment/posting history.
I've seen this account saying this stuff in this thread twice now. 
This needs a #triggered warning. 
I know exactly how this happened and it's because of someone like me. They did research, put out surveys and did interviews,. eventually came to the insight that kids don't see the iPad as a PC and some iPad users don't even know what a PC is. From that you get this. 
HEY! That's where Alfred ran to when the Vikings took over
Felt like Kramer mixed with Columbo to me. 
Hutton Hutton young is Pre Malone https://m.imgur.com/a/op78O
I was saying the same thing, it's shocking
Marketers that aren't idiots are looking for efficiency and attribution. What is the point of getting a ton of garbage clicks? It's idiots paying to put their crappy ads that can't get accepted anywhere else on garbage ad networks. What a circle jerk. 
Ok now he has an LA jersey? What's this kids jersey budget!? 
I just don't know what constituents white people shit. I've never looked at something and thought "that's black people shit". Also, I thought I unsubbed from this subreddit, it seemed really divisive and this doesn't seem like the time for that. 
What makes this white people shit
What bullshit analysis. If Virtanen had just passed to Stetcher instead of into their legs, there was nothing wrong with that play. They had swapped positions, why would Stetcher leave a guy open and try to take a covered man??
This cameraman cannot keep up with the puck, it's so annoying 
When I was there the other day, they brought a penguin out for the school kids. They forced to to walk around, blocking it's escape as it tried to get away from 60 screaming kids. I think it's their attitude towards using animals to make money overall that bit them in the ass. I was disgusted watching this happen. 
Had me at Luc Robitaille
Try learning westie, that's a whole nother thing 
When I was a kid, my dad would always fake out our little dog out with the ball and not really throw it. He did it off a 20 foot sundeck once and the dog jumped lol. She was fine, my mom was pissed though. 
Making a 2 was the end. If wow had made a wow 2, the game wouldn't even exist anymore.
My Grandpa was adopted by a minister as a baby. He was raised normally, went to a boarding school, worked hard towards his dream of being a doctor.  He saved his money to go to university, but when we graduated, his adopted dad took the money and got a degree in psychology instead. Told him it was payment for rasing him. 

He ended up a book keeper for a plumbing store in a small town his entire life. 
Shut up and dangle, prince. 
Calm down, Patrick Kane
It's worse in hockey, people will fight you for celebrating too much.
I don't get your point. 
Mine was Burrows goal in 2011 that put the Blackhawks away ;)
Let's not forget About Brock Boeser please. 
I remember we had a BBQ to raise money for a skate park. One kid took a shit in a hot dog bun, covered it with condiments and gave it to another kid. I stopped him right as I got to his mouth, couldn't let it happen. They ended up throwing at a cars windshield on the highway.
Haha I knew it! I'm a Strategist, so making these kind of things make sense for annoying clients is what I do every day :/
These comments are full of developers and high school kids who've never made a presentation to a CEO or similar level. They literally don't give a shit about your lines or the specifics of the numbers, they want it to look good and give them the bottom line as quickly as possible. 

I had to create and give 4 presentations once, one for the group that would have to do the work, one for their bosses to show what we were going to do, another for theirs and a final for the CEO. The first was around 100 slides, the second was about 30, the third was 20 and for the CEO it was about 5. 
Found the developer
Nothing. I see him all the time, he never really makes eye contact with anyone. He was even in the background of a pic I took in whistler once, didnt notice until later. 
It would be so tempting to antagonize him. 
Oh look, score management. Gotta keep American viewers watching so they don't miss any commercials. 
I have a feeling someone is handing on their badge and gun tomorrow. You're off the force!!!
He did teach our guys how to let in goals from center ice, he was a pro at that. 
Aggressivly and scared him off. Tough little Frenchie 
Gaunce 5d tiddlywinks there - hide it in virtanens feet and sneak into zone with the grace of a 400 pound ninja 
So I saw Horvat at the dog park the other day and he didn't have a boot on. How much longer is he going to be out? In unrelated news, my dog sexually assualted his. 
He's a real Hakarl
Are you?
Omg markstrom. Overplayed it so hard he was in the front row!
Hey toothless tanev is back!
Wtf Doug McLean just destroyed Rimer. "You are a 3 hour infomercial, don't forget it". 
What's that additional antenna on the golf R? The little nub is all you need. 
I always said he did, but I don't think it was confirmed 
Wilson rematch
Pre Malone? 
Sorry I mistook this for a game thread the other week
Most places it's 100% legal for that reason. People that ride close to the curb don't last very long, either get doored or clipped by a mirror. 
So even worse than it looked 
Maybe they dont like each other? 
How is that not a trip!?  He didn't get the puck first 
That hag with the no goal hands. Made me yell.at my TV. 
He hit the stick where his hand would have been, had it been on his stick. What a joke. 
The slow-mo show 
Anderson getting ragdolled in there! 
Something seems really off about saying you created a fake persona for your hockey show. Why is that something to brag about? 
If you bring the puck into your own zone while the other team has players offside, it becomes onside. 
That woman really wants to talk to a manager.
Goldy? More like bronzey! 
Looked like cheekbone :/
I had a naturally planted 4x2x2 aquarium that had a soil substrate under the gravel. It was crazy, plants grew right out the lid and flowered. I miss that thing. 
Boston, Austin, one of the two. 
Yeah but in our society there's a lot attached to words. You would be correct to say the N word is just a word, but there's a lot of people that'd get upset hearing it. Your vocabulary also says a lot about your income and standing in society. 
That shit was horrific. He head was all crunched in and she was filming it casually saying "my sister just died" as she's gurgling and sputtering. 
I remember the original guy doing this in Sydney, in the red velvet blazer. He was doing it in like 2004,.someone out it on YouTube and now you see it everywhere. Respect to the original. https://youtu.be/vr3x_RRJdd4
TIL I'm related to Morgana 
It said she was pretty badly injured, but lived 10 more years. Also, wasn't that from Benjamin Button??
Yep, Anna Maria (Von Ludwig) Conrad. That's a witchy name. 
I had an ancestor that was burned at the stake for being a witch and lived. There were a few books written about it. 
The whole team feels slow and low energy. What's wrong with them??
That was the best call of the game!
Edler!!!!! What is his problem with Boeser!?
I agree. Could explain my saltiness hey?
Neat
He was being constructive, I was making an observation. 
I was going to get to meet Sundin last month in Sweden for work, but was going to potentially have a baby at the same time so had to skip it. Bittersweet. 
That's a steal
The worst is overtime with them and edler. 
Don't bother saying anything constructive about the Sedins on this sub. I said they stay down an  unreasonably long time and got 12 downvotes. I like the guys, it was just an observation,.but got roasted. 
Our goal tending is a goddamn joke. 
The whole intro video this season is total garbage. It does the opposite job it's meant to do. 
How has no one said Super Metroid? My fave game as a kid, I still speed run it from time to time. 
It seems like the second kick had all the power
Apparently those guys were in the wrong discord channel, not even in the same game lol
The people that can no longer get access to health Care and die will be resurrected when the next president is elected, as is tradition. 
So this guy then? https://youtu.be/D1YcR9t9yUM
Also ones that like thousands of accounts and then automatically unfollow them a few weeks later.
Also ones that like thousands of accounts for the follow backs, then unlike them automatically a few weeks later.
Kevin Smith talked about loving that government cheese, so you are in good company. 
We we were kids, my friend and I used to go into the Christian Yahoo chat rooms and tell them about our vegetarian website, meat spin - "putting a spin on meat". We'd throw in a lemon party from time to time. Those were the days. 
Excuse me, Spacehog. 
Something about the way the girl in the blue shirt and skirt dances at the start is really off putting. I can't put my finger on it, but it's not nice.
On my first Sydney new years Eve, I sat in front of the Opera house from like... 10 am to get a good spot. Was horrifically burnt, had sun stroke, puked. 10/10, great show. 
Not arguing that 
Just a Nana nap, get rejuvenated
No one stays down on the ice longer than the Sedins. I never understand why they just lay there rather than jumping up and getting back into the play.
Play like it's world Jrs 2017! Wait, maybe don't. 
Only for goalie interference and off side.
Gudbranson hasn't lived up to expectations and Hutton looks lost most games and is soft in front of the net.
Gudbranson. He can at least hit and fight, no one else on the team can. 
This guy personas. 
Does no one care about people snowing their goalie anymore? That's two games in a row with no push back.
Rumors going around that he's gone to Buffalo or Toronto
Imagine if Blizzard made a wow 2 at some point? All they had to do was add PC support to d1 and keep adding dlc, as wow did. Such an obvious mistake. 
That's why I love him, hard worker 
I love bulldog, but I'm not sure what Green saw in all those times he jumped up and failed that would get him into a forward position. Unless it's just more grit based on the matchup. 
Goldy !!!!!!
Air Virtanen on final approach to YVR
Air Virtanen on final approach to YVR
Can the mods set the comments to newest? It's on best.
And the turbo button actually slowed down newer, faster PC's so they could play games that ran off the speed of the hardware. 
Hes sponsored by them 
Woosh
-sir Elton John
Exactly
What a boring life.
I think it's the old guy from the video. Only explanation.
Reminds me so much of this guy that used to appear at the skatepark I grew up in. We called him scumbum.
I think you just don't hear it. Im Canadian and lived here until 20. lived in Australia and the us, I can tell a Canadian instantly by the accent and the oout. 
To be fair, he's talking about religious ideology, not ethnicity. one is a choice, the other you are born with. 
Wasbt it ganger?
Remember that finals game where they got like 9 goals!?
Bob doesn't care about Goldy's shinanagins 
I just want a solar bears hat,.so badly. Or a Vaxjo Lakers hat. I tried to order one but it would be over 100 dollars with shipping :( 
Did that kid just say their team is the stinging turtles?
Well yeah, look at other 19 year olds that were around that pick. Not to mention, he never even wanted to be on the team. Good riddance. 
He has shin seeking missiles  
He was going to be Captain in Florida, and McCann was a bust. Kind of unfair to look back and judge, considering it looked amazing. Not to mention, look how good Jim has been overall . 
Yes
Lol messier burn!!!!
Dowd seems to take some really pointless, obvious penalties. 
Looks like they were the bundles of sticks
They say there's a skeleton trapped inside her skin 
Your perspective really changes when you have a kid. If some douchey looking guy like that driving an old crappy GTI put my kids life in danger, I'd easily be that angry. 
I thought that show ended after season 1...
This guy was also from the same small town https://youtu.be/oN_9MvZwP_E
We grew up together but he was always REALLY good. I got to skate with him and Russ once, which was fun.
What about Steve Strang stomping a frontside flip?
He was always going to be Finnegan, but loved David Bowie in the womb. Finn Bo
I don't know if they physically can handle more ice time though. 
Thanks! He has he has two Canucks names but not on purpose. Finn Bowie 
He'd get no ice time though. 
I'd play but apparently a new born takes a lot of time. Who knew?
Hutton
I feel like if you're already in a job it helps, but I doubt it would get you one 
Regulators, mount up! 
"zam, in the back of the net". For the love of God, get me the Johns.
Ok wtf
Instant whistle!?? Boeser had to drag himself half way around the world without one.
I wanna see Virtanen really ring this third string goalies bell before this is over. 
That "what's a computer?" Apple ad is so heavy handed. Lazy ass agencies.
Can anyone read lips?
I guess you'll die 
He looked like he'd latch well to the breast, that's for sure.
I would license the library! Make.bank.
Ugh this just reminds me that my mom gave away my 3 spawn number 1s signed by Todd McFarlane. Ugh. 
You know Mike Pence?
It's weird this mistake went through. I've worded something a little awkward in a Google survey question before and they've made me rewrite it before it would be approved.  
I was 19 and met my now wife. I moved on a spouse visa, so that might not help you :)
L1 and left?
Probably a Brock, I'd say. 
Thanks! He's already been in to 3 games in the womb and has way too much Canucks stuff. Plus Finn doll
Wife and I are watching the game while she's in labor. These second period Canucks are making it much easier. 
K it really wasn't 
That looked like a goal?
I hated the 65 million bc one for some reason 
My app does this all the time, it drives me nuts
People need more fibre in their lives 
Imagine a game set in the wow world in the style of chronotrigger? 
I'm a strategist that came from a small town in Canada, didn't have any formal training but managed to get a jr strategist job in one of Sydney Australias biggest and best digital agencies. You can believe I was always scared. I made up this persona for myself that I would start to get into before pitches and presentations, one that was confident and a great presenter. I really worked. Only thing is, I slowly turned into that person, and now that's who I am, for better or worse. 
I was young, going to my first conference ever. It was in Singapore and I was supposed to live blog the whole thing. Had a good time, lots of import people in my industry that were older and had a lot of money. They take me out to the after party, then to the after after party. 

Didn't take long to realize that this place was pretty seedy. Bar girls came up to me, tried to take my iPad and laptop and said "gift for me??". Clearly not. Anyway, one follows me all night, I eventually gave her 20 bucks and said send that home to your family, but I'm not interested. She gets really upset and tells the other girls. The night goes on, and suddenly I'm very drunk - like black out drunk. The people I came with put me in cab and send me back to my hotel at around 3am- my flight leaves at 9am. Luckily I had set an alarm. 

I remember flashes of things - checking out, losing my ticket before I got to my gate and getting it back. The next thing I know, I'm on the plane watching family Guy over Perth. I turn to the woman next to me and ask "have I been here the whole time?" She goes.... Um yeah? So I panic, I don't know who packed my bags, what's in them, if I got robbed or if I have all my stuff. But I'm halfway back to sydney, so there's nothing I can do now (other than freak out). 

So I land, and the border guard asks me if I packed my bag. I just say yes as normal as possible. I got through and headed for the taxis as fast as possible. I get home, open my bag and everything is perfectly packed. Cords are wrapped up, everything's there. I even had 2 mints on the top for myself. Later on I had some vague memories of doing some of this, then seeing the bathroom floor coming up at my face. Really really lucky to get back home with nothing stolen or added to my things, and learned some lessons. Biggest one was spend the money and book 1 extra night. 

Tldr: went to an after party, offend a bar girl who spiked my drink to rob me, woke up on a plane to another country with all my things.
Well I did move here from SF, so I guess I have Hong Kong, Singapore and London left to hit. 
I really want this 
I'm not sure what you're saying, we are no where near overextended and put a lot away every month, looking to buy here soon. I honestly didn't know what the median income is, I'm out of touch obviously. 
I'm not sure why I'm being down voted for being honest about the income I need. I live in the most expensive part of Vancouver and own a home in Sydney Australia, an even more expensive market. 
Oh ok, just seems low. I couldn't live on that. 
Is that considered high?
Is there a worst of reddit? This is everything wrong with this site in one post- some random, unnamed person goes on a multiparagraph rant generalizing a large group without citing one fact they can back up. 42% of the population are considered gamers, that includes a huge portion of the population that can't be broken down to a few generalized statements. Also, there's a link between lol rank and intelligence, which was found in a real study and contradicts some of their points. https://www.pcgamesn.com/league-of-legends/league-of-legends-iq-test

Sounds like someone bought an Xbox
Didn't he go off about how much he hated the city, said it was full of "drug addicts"?
Is it possible to export these stats? I want to put them into Tableau
I'm saying it's extremely classless, I didn't expect to hear something like that. I was furious watching at home, I'm sure they were on the bench, which might explain the first period. 
I'd hope Canucks fans wouldn't chant go Canucks go after a mats sundin tribute though. That's how you start some hatred. 
And he did!
Wait they have a permanent camera on Riley's fucking parents!?!
Martin, the boy beater. 
I really hated seeing Goldy take Baerstchis spot on line that plays so well. Baerstchi is so underrated. 
Did I just hear toy stretcher?
Jesus that's basic defense they are talking about. How about Daniels 1000?
Looked like he passed it back to himself through it, but didn't touch the puck in it.
Don't we pay for cbc? Is there somewhere we can complain? 
Great, now we have to hear cherry come in for sloppy seconds on the Leafs. 
I was screaming. Right in front of the ref, getting can openered. 
I honestly believe that 'go leafs go' chant right after the sedin ceremony pissed off the Canucks. They're playing possessed 
Miller beat it out of him 
Edler wtf was that!!!
Or Martin 
Poor Dorsett didn't know what to do with his hands
You proved that Hutton floated in no man's land between helping mdz and taking his man,.which is what most people complain about with him. Congrats
Wanna defend that one too? Let's his man score from the ground. He's just not good.
No need to fight over piles of salt this year, you've got it covered. He wasn't even know the screen so I don't know how you'd know he was covering his man. 
Where do you go when your d partner is in the corner? To the front of the net. That's timbits hockey basics. 
He made the mistake of thinking he has a d partner in Hutton 
Never expect Hutton to do anything and you won't be disappointed.
They know there's no one on the canucks that will do anything about getting run. They can basically just bully us in this game. 
Interesting, using carrier data to check their accuracy. I would have thought that would be anonymized?  
Braille, the later years. 
I expect a green goblin themed toys r us semi will soon unite them all against us
That's an interesting trick, I guess it's bright all the time
That's the thing about Duncan, either you get really good at something you focus on or ... Well you know. 
Protect Boesers brain center!
It's really not designed for hockey 
Is the anthem meant to sound like a mental break down?
It's like another world! What's it like living there? Passing like 2 cars an hour was so weird.
We had so much fun doing it. In the westfjords we pulled over and ate waffles at a random old woman's house. 
These are all my fave books! 
I grew up in Duncan and moved to the opposite side of the world as soon as I was legally able to. So... Not my fave place. 
You mean lucky?
I feel like there's two Icelands, though. The golden circle and outside the golden circle. We took 12 days and drove around the entire country, including up north where only 1% of tourists go. When we got back and tried a but of the golden circle, we had a horrible time. Pushy annoying people everywhere , tour buses. So glad we did it the other way.
Well... Let's exclude duncan and Langford from the magical kingdom. 
I've been a digital Strategist for 7 years, everything changes all the time, if you are in to that it's super fun. In my agency, I'm more into psychology and data. I use both to get insights for the creatives, the other strategist leans more towards content marketing and campaigns. You can totally carve out your niche. 

I just bought two more data science classes off udemy for 30 bucks, worth 400, want to get better at algorithms and such. Good luck! 
Digital. Go pick up some additional skills like data science and make bank. That's what I would do. 
So weird watching those goalies. Second goal he looked like he was out to the bottom of the circle. First one looked like a 14 year old he was so small.
r/TitleGore? 
How's Shinkaurak going? 
I saw a guy drive over the embankment to get to the offramp because they missed it... Just keep going! 

I'm just getting to the exact same point in life. Wife is a week away from having our first, played since blades of steel. I got my PS when living in the us and I can't add a Canadian credit card to my account, so I have to buy American PS plus cards off amazon if I want to pay to win. That's obviously too much effort, so it's all grind for me. I've beaten insanely stacked teams when my best is Getzlaf. 

The best tactic for beating glitch goal plugs is to force them into screening their goalie and scoring from the point. Pass to the trailer on a the rush in their zone, then back to the point. Scrubby kids message me to say I'm cheating for playing real hockey.

Stay strong brotha. 
I tip my fedora to you, good sir
I'm an advertising Strategist, all I do is make presentations. For me it's people that can't just use a simple, clean slide and talk to it. Instead they have like 25 bullets that don't build , so everyone is just reading along with you. 
One company has a monopoly on NHL games, what.couod go wrong? 
I haven't heard that term in SO long!!
Not really what this sub is for...
I heard that's not the case. I've worked on EA stuff through an advertising agency and have... seen some stuff. 
Is that ever common...
Kind of unrelated, but one night I had a very detailed dream where I went through a whole life as a German toy maker some time before the first world war. Lived above the store, had a wife and children, grew old. I woke up and cried because I'd lost the family, but then the details slowly faded away, as they do with all dreams.
Never fully forgot it though...
Do you think a good ux designer would work at EA? 
Naw like 96 or something. it snowed like 4 feet on Vancouver island and vancouver
Don't get me started. I can't help but argue with them in comments every post. 
I noticed DL wasn't in Reggie's video at all, which was weird. 
This is what I was talking about the other day when someone said digital agencies are dying. Agencies that are on top of this kind of stuff will thrive, the ones that charge tons of money for a shitty site and a hashtag campaign are Gonzo.
Yes, because Google didn't take some of the best products designers from Frog when the turned to shit, they just gave a developer one class.
Not as high as you think 
"And a young lady from Shawinigan got that one". 
Kefka: *laughs*



I hate that feeling, when it's one of the CBC games instead of Sportsnet and you just miss the Johns :( 
I've worked in digital agencies my whole career, in three countries. Mostly the scammy ones and those who faked it by hiring a few "digital" people are suffering. Of the agency made huge margins by marking up stuff that could easily be done in house, then they are struggling now. The work thats still in agencies is becoming extremely more sophisticated, to the point where I'm taking classes again to keep up.
You can pass to a team mate in your end only, otherwise you can only knock down for yourself. And never close hand on puck, that's a penalty
Horvats like fuck it, I'll play D
Satire 
My God that 5 min major sports net ad... I hope they didn't pay anything for that. Prime time ad inventory and you use a still picture with a voice over. Yikes.
It was a perfect time to rotate back. I love Biega but he needs to tone down the bulldog sometimes 
What are they talking about, that was Biegas fault. Jake was covering him because he was trying to score AGAIN, then Biega goes on the man covered by Jake and leaves the point open. 
I thought he said 6, as in boeser, when he didn't even touch it. 
Who knows how though, that ankle totally folded out 
People down voting... I have defended him for a long time, but once he got put in the 4th he stopped trying. We have Jake sitting for much less.
Can we stop giving Sutter chances please?
He doesn't have the basics, he needs to be sent down to develop.
How can they get away with that abuse on Erica Branson? Blind refs. 
K cool,.it was touch and go there 
It was 2
Hutton... Cover the pass to the not covered guy. Christ. 
First thing I did. Didn't hear a single song in the soundtrack 
Wasn't that the Franz Ferdinand one? 
There was this guy in the late 90s who would just do insane tricks like this and tick tack away. I remember seeing him in like Tampa 99
m8, wait until you're in the DMP and broken into 243 look alike groups. 
Forever young
More importantly it makes ad placements worth a LOT more. Source: work in advertising
I wanna know how 18 year old Sam Bennett is doing
wtf are you talking about? The only reason this didn't start an actual fight was because it was the Swedish league. Even in beer league this would be an instant fight. examples https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jj8VmCtrN7s
o shit.. 
Now can we convince the NHL to pull their EXCLUSIVE deal with EA? At least with NBA they have competition that pushes them forward. NHL has been sub par for YEARS but there is no incentive to try harder. 
Is that that coy Jew Amir Blumenfeld? How did he sneak his way into r/vegan!!
How bad was the fan injured?
I think it was a scam. A girl visiting from Alberta said she recognized him and bought him, then returned him to the owner for the reward. There may have been no homeless person to start with but they were just happy to have him back. 
That thing sounds like a fat, geriatric horse laboring down a race course. 
How do you think I feel? I could totally cut them out of my life, but they have a complete monopoly on NHL games. Consumers don't have an option. 
Thanks m8 :(
Predictably Irrational, but I'm a strategist so it might not be your thing. 
Always
I have a Golden State Warriors hat (Chinese new year) and a tsm hat. This makes me very happy.
Here's another one https://youtu.be/bI7AUgp5fPI
Not even a good troll 
Down town east side, that's where my friends dog was found. They'd tried to shave his hair off to hide who he was. 
This happened to my friend, homeless people steal them and sell them back/get the reward. They found theirs in the down town east side, got him back for 500. 
This is what I used to watch... Can't believe I forgot how name, I feel bad. 
You mean khristov Kholl?
Maybe he's the next "on your computer " guy
It was Rob Welsh
ITS ROB WELSH! Figured it out. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RLbKie8rxU
no, but I do remember him. 
If it helps, I know he wore basketball jerseys and hats a lot. 
nope... I could be off with the SF thing, he might have been around love park at some point, but its not Kerry Getz. 
Yeah, I was in SF, Sydney and Vancouver. Vancouver is rough... 
Do you remember that one year when it showed like 4 feet for no reason and the world ended? West coast Canadians do. 
Disgustingly true. Just watched this with my ceo and laughed. Then I said "dont let X watch this, it hits too close to home" after the spec work for new biz part. 
sins? 
YES!
Or Johnny Hockey getting his hand slashed to death over one game 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gu0cI1B_0MY&t=71s
I feel like it's a "joke" but he's not far off being himself.
Goooooood
Can't offer him much on 90 foot plus saves but can teach him how to toss the mitts 
Sutter found his role! Meat shield 
Beats the Willie stare any day. *Moustache intensifies*
I'm liking the stick, too. 
#imWithHer
Aye, she was a fine play along the bairds, son. 
When Baerstchi sets up Bo for a goal, they talk about how great the goal was. When Baerstchi gets a goal, they talk about how great the pass was. Give the Baerstchi his due!
Are you saying sacrificing children to the hockey gods isn't working? 
Green must have threatened them within an inch of their lives, what a turn around! 
They broke his hand in the end. You can't tell me that didn't come from the coach. Every player was just beating the shit out of his hands. 
That was thrilling tv 
And the Johnny hockey thing. I think it was worse
"Ow my hand! I mean this hand, yeah this one."
I have a jersey signed by Darcey Rhoda and Stan smyl + a pic of them holding me as a baby. Wanted to share something not Hutton related 
Good movie 
Canucks soft?
Can't win a one on one battle for the puck
You must have missed the start of the game 
Jesus Christ, Vanek looks like a beer leaguer on the bench there 
Lol
Our energy just changed really fast! What happened there?
Every time Canucks get a shot on net, drink 
Do something about Hutton!!!
Well pack it up.
Still not prepared for that anthem 
MDZ and I just made the same face at this anthem https://imgur.com/gallery/phT9P
Behind the scenes https://www.facebook.com/GlovesOffHockey/videos/1306700839405225/
IF BETTMAN HAS HIS WAY! 
Thats how I am, I know I will come up against some guy who actually has practiced it, he'll hook me in some stupid headlock and I'll lose. I guess I could take the time to learn the advanced stuff, but its so boring - wheres the grab the jersey rabbit punches, for example? 
I think unions would have been better 5 or 6 years ago, when there was no where else to go. In my opinion, at least the the markets I have worked, if you don't like the conditions you can go client side and be rich. The balance of power has swung much more to the employee than it was in the past. Personal experience though. 
Is this another Stewart account? 
I meant the town of Duncan, but I can tell thats a no from your response. 
Have you ever driven in Vancouver traffic? 
Not Duncan right? 
Glad I don't work on that account anymore, I can tell you that much. 
Wait, where is this?
Riddled 
And as you walk away, your limp slowly fades 
Do you just want to work in an agency and don't know what you want to do yet? Because being a strategist is very different to being an account manager and takes very different skills. 

If I were you, I'd think about what makes you happy  first, and then choose the role that gives you that feeling.
Thats the most Australian looking back yard of all time 
Hopefully next year we'll have 11 mil to spend on that 
For coming off the bench to fight, but they showed that he was actually playing before the fight. 
In the AHL
I want the Johns back. This guy just forgot Markstrom's name for a second. 
Jesus Christ Hutton. 
Biega is PISSED
Sutter and Biega trying to knock some life into this 
Yeah.... Not much to be proud of there.
i can def afford it, but I'm looking for efficiencies here. 
do you have to pay for all sports to get hockey? over 50 a year is quite a bit. 
thanks, that'd be good. I just bought a new Dan Ariely book though, so I have to finish that first. 
You mean.... Like every other Commonwealth country's system? You elect the party and that party has a leader. America's system is so weird.
Oh, I was looking at singles 
Why can't I get this on Kindle!?!
For me, I couldn't sleep at night. I'm Canadian and working on American pharma made me sick, but that might be personal thing. Listening to executives laugh about buying up the competitions drugs to drive up prices... Ugh. 
He also has the both hands down one knee up
I agree
Oh god it's last year all over again 
Did that actually hit his face? 
Heyyyy! Fellow digital Strategist, came from a small Canadian town, got to live in Sydney for 9 years (citizenship now) and SF! Living the dream.
Pop first THEN flick
Not me, but my cousin. Fixed the computer of this kid in town that had some developmental problems. Found nude pics of the guys own mom... Not something anyone should see. Last year he was on creep catchers for trying to lure a 13 year old boy, so.... Not looking up. 
I think his wrist is really hurt 
Do em, Bo.
Yeah he came out right when I wrote that. Fair enough I guess, Vanek got an assist first shift on that line. 
So why has Virtanen benched? He was playing so hard.
You mean their awkward kiss?
Nothing worse than a goalie taking cheap shots like that. You gonna go, go full Miller and toss the mitts. 
More like Willie. "Let's just see what sticks"
Rip
Such a pussy
Can you miss the dark?
Only for offside challenge
What a troll way to say the goal stands. Wtf was that 
9.5 on that dive. Looked like he was shot out of a cannon 
The ghost of Thomas Vanek is fading like Marty mcfly out there 
I think Gudbransons hand is still hurt from his fight with Wilson. Everyone seems to be forgetting about that.
Will he be taking over on own goals for him as well? 
Hutton the leg sniper, at it again 
No one answered. Turns out they take us behind the wood shed and put one in the dome. 
You're easily downvoted 
I always test if someone is bandwagon by asking what they think of Tanev. If they say hes shit, they don't know the team or hockey for that matter. 
I thought he played his heart out for the limited time he got on the granda line. Hopefully it wouldn't crush his spirit to be sent down, its not his fault.  
Pop up video cleared that lyric up for me. 
Are you the gambling man that lost 200 dollars? 
Tiiiiiin roof.
Really! I've been best friends with her older brother since we were little. We must have crossed paths 
Sorry shouldn't say names... A movie star in your wedding party hey? :)
Me too! 
And people from lake Cowichan can fuck right off!!
To thanks a lot, Murial.
If you reserve you get upper car deck 
Also, worlds largest hockey stick. 
Flip mode is the squad 
It's not on the same level as his shot, but it's certainly not an issue. 
Since when is Boesers skating an issue? What's wrong with these guys. 
Is "2 time champs" the new "18 year old Sam Bennett"?
They are so bad. Why do they let them call games when everyone hates them?
Baerstchi setting up bo as usual. Wish people would recognize him more for what he does.
Get him a hotdog, stat!
Baerstchi? 
Manatoba dentists?
Penguins are going down pretty easy tonight.
It was a terrible video by someone who tried to get our attention using a shocking title. Agree with all your points 
and  now im listening to Rasputin. 
Sorry, you are probably right. Im in "day after staff party" mode. 
Sorry someone else said Quill. I didn't know, assume Tilt Brush 

Also you know they are going to pass to the one in the front - just line him up and time your hit for right when he crosses the line. You'd lay him out.
On fb they announced it with the video attached so it made a lot more sense there
Same in Canada. I think it depends on the town - this was a small town. You could "ruin your reputation" by being seen with someone from the wrong group. 
I say a lot of Frank Lloyd Wright influence on the west coast. 
Aeris from Final Fantasy 7. Maybe it's because I was young and didn't think they'd do something like that in a game, but it hit hard. 
Can we talk about how baron's spikes can reach across the map? Kind of annoying that they hit no matter what, as seen when Thresh lanterned him out at the start. 
Most people, including me, end up leaving after 5-6 years then coming back. I can't answer short term sanity as if always done this so it seems normal. 
Edit: Got to work and I had to add to this. I think you find the things you really like, let those keep you going and try to not get worked up over the things you hate. 

As a strategist, I love figuring out people and the way they think (getting paid for it is a bonus). I tend to get really into that part of it. I hate working with people that try to force in ideas that don't work or clients that are solving the wrong problem in their business, but I just face these things head on now and let it go if it can't be won. 

I think the last part was as I've gotten older, less and less of ME has been attached to my work. I don't live or die on my success and failure. I had some dream to be the best strategist in the world, work on the biggest clients etc. I've done a lot of that, now I'm in a smaller market just enjoying working with cool people. 

In closing, find what you like and focus on that, minimize the things you don't like and ignore them. ALSO - I don't believe people should have to work 50+ hour weeks. Either project are planned horribly or the agency is trying to squeeze free work from people when they need to hire more. I know people will say "thats the industry" but its not like that everywhere. Fuck those agencies. 
Kinda boring troll
Ok how is that not a call??
Not much else? How about goals and assists 
He has a lower save percentage than Markstrom. Statistically he's getting lucky right now. 
On that shift for sure. Looking like Horvat
My exact words 
So what happened at this party, John?
> Worth noting that "electioneering communications" refers only to "broadcast, cable, or satellite". 52 USC § 30104(f)(3)

Its sad but the law needs updating, its not illegal right now because its out of date- 
Worth noting that "electioneering communications" refers only to "broadcast, cable, or satellite". 52 USC § 30104(f)(3)
I wasn't trying to down play it, just saying what I remembered. 
hey, its ok! We can be friends 
Wasn't that based on KLM's rules about how much you could fly in a period of time? If they didn't take off, they'd have to wait there for a replacement crew, so they said fuck it and killed everyone. 
I dont want to looks, but is it air crash investigations? I love that show. Fave was when the Pilot let his kid fly the plane on auto Pilot on his lap. The kid held the stick to the right for so long it over rode just that part of the auto pilot and the plane did smaller circles until it crashed. They didn't even know that could happen. 
Listen. I see that's what he's saying now, but I also got it when 4 other people before you said it. 
That's just not true. I have a Canadian and Australian passport, travel with both all the time.
I came so close to buying a place in that mark foy building. Makes miss Australia seeing this :(
Yeah, I got started late and have to do challenges to get an ok. So far I have about 80 contracts, but that should go up by the time I'm done challenges. Assume it should be around 200 once I'm done building my team. 
Yeah? well my mouse is angry and blind in one eye. 
https://imgur.com/gallery/XWulQ
I'm more of a Sven BearTree guy, but that never caught on. Still my name in EASHL, so if you see me say hi! 
Hes part of the make-a-wish thing. 
Not only that, he has the opposite super power of Stetcher - he can hit the legs every time. 
I hate seeing them out there. The other teams gets past them once and it's game over. 
Any idea why Markstrom was mad?
I think he's feeling the pressure to score and gripping it a little too hard. Just needs a good streak to get going. 
Bulldog is like Dorsett, he works hard every shift and never gives up. 
I guess you can just punch granlund in the head with no call. Good to know.
Why was Bishop so mad at Vanek there? He didn't even touch him. 
Really well formed 
He's 6'7
That'd be a chicken flip, stevie williams style. 
That girl walks like Ed Kemper. Get her an egg sandwich. 
I have so many of these cards! It's strange to see them and recognize them right away.
I did that too, kept falling off and i got sick if it 
Probably dressing as him for Halloween
Agree. Worked in agencies for 8 years, there's some women and gay men, mostly just straight men. And at the top, almost always men.
I think the rules are specific about number of views though. That video blew up ages ago.
I thought I saw this more than 2 year's ago though 
Its a great video though, one of my top 10 for sure 
It's good.but very well known and not really right for this sub
Yeah I just watched the whole thing, bring on the bag skate
I have same problem. Pebble has been in a drawer for a year 
Looked kinda like a fight 
What just happened in 120??
Lololol no call on Dorsett, ovi gets 2. I love it 
Little bitch couldn't take getting belted to the ice! Sit down Wilson
Not in this subreddit my friend 
Dorsett!!!! The bionic man!!!
He basically didn't touch him, he took the chance to take out Neilson
I thought it's a penalty to have tiedowns not tied down? Or is that something else?
Anyone know what the deal is with the strap hanging down on Granlunds right leg? Style points?
That was me 
Yeah haven't had them all year. I miss it 
Watching these kids play used to be a highlight of the game. Things sure have changed 
Guys, the tim bits hockey is on point tonight 
Literally read this and said to my wife "now granlund needs to step up" scores as I say it.this is a fun game to be at!
because the percentage is total website visits, broken down by city. If one city created 20% of the visits overall to the site but has twice as many people, how can I compare it to another city that has a higher population? I have been told by others to create an index, should show cities that are over-indexing.


lololololololol but it wasn't her
Bought chocolate covered coffee beans from Starbucks. Was going to have one or two beans a day as a reward for focusing on work. Hammy asked if she could have "some" and took almost the whole pack. 😭
You are complaining about ironheart  Derek "McDavid" Dorsett who leads the team in points? Blasphemy! 
Just gotta send it. To Puerto Rico. 
Guy? That's a kid, pal.
I said to my wife right as they iced it, it's not so bad, now we can clear the puck without icing.... And they blow it down. 
Yeah it was that weird blackout channel
Those refs need to find new jobs, wow.
Anyone know what channel it's on on Telus? It's.not anywhere in the listing 
Figured it out. Was horrible ux, had to push search collection. 
Milestone collectible Hut https://imgur.com/gallery/SKRrO
When I go into sets, it says I don't have anything. Same with all card types, but I can see them in my collections 
Hey sorry, my wife has the tv at the moment, I should be able to check in a bit. In the meantime, can you explain what these cards are and how you use them? I have no experience with them. 
Remember when the Sedins used to be fast?
Is there one for bin chickens as well?
Is this chain only in Australia or is a global?
Detroit reminds me of the Canucks last year. I don't mind losing, it happens, but at least give it your all and be mad about it. This is so boring to watch.
Nice try Kronwall, GTFO.
Sounds fatal
Well they did mention kid rocks restaurant.... So yeah I have no idea. 
Why won't Vanek just shoot! Hes done this two or three times now.
They claimed it was because there's so many things to do at the arena. I'm not buying it.
Everyone knows where to shoot on Markstrom.
Yeah I live close to his shop and I've been in there, was a life goal when I was a kid lol. My friend rode for monkee back in those days, so I got to meet some of those guys. So much skill.
I bet his leg is FUCKED
He looked like he'd given up on the game a few shifts
Hey I've been complaining about home for weeks!
I've been saying since the start of the season, they need Virtanen with them. He has great entries and can battle plus he's fast enough to back check, something sedins can't do at all.
Its so hard with all the studies on screen time and what's good/not for their development. I think I will wait until hes a bit older, then maybe work through the eras as I did. If he doesn't like Super Metroid, then hes out though. 
My wife is about to have our first baby. This has become a very important feature. Goodbye, League of Legends
Adding a random girl off Yahoo messenger. Moved from small town Canada to Sydney Australia to live with her, then to SF and Vancouver together. We are having our first kid in a month.
Jesus Christ that country's small
Tall cunt bin chicken
I thought it said demon song.... Was kinda let down 
Thanks for giving a normal answer. Not sure why everyone on here is so salty. 
Means I can't use real money to buy cards
That's what I'm doing now. Unfortunately, my account is American but I'm in Canada so buying cards is an annoying process. Will have to grind it out. 
ok? Are they common players to have now?
THAT much better though? There wasn't anyone closer to my teams overall? 
Subban, burns, kane, McDavid, Ovi. In my day it was really hard to get those players, I didn't know they were common now. 
yes 180, but its switch 5-o. think of the reverse - would that be a 180 5-o when you're in switch nosegrind? I blame THPS for this, never saw this confusion before this game, and I assume it was programming limitations. 
This is just pretty sad
It looks good and please don't take this the wrong way, but will you orientate the background to the characters at some point? 
Yes
That's because they buy tickets to games, and they will stop if they don't get their way. 
This is some Picard level tactics
im just dumb
It's not a stack overflow?
Nature... Finds a way
True, but they were also much more successful than TSM - 2 presidents cup trophies etc. 
This guy sounds like he has no experience with sports or sports organizations outside of LoL. Happens ALL THE TIME. Canucks made it to the stanley cup finals, lost by one game - they fired the coach. He just sounds really immature, its pretty cringey. 
The classic sedin quarter power unscreened wrist shot 
If they would just fight dorsette 
I cringe every time I hear it.
The flames are losing it. Wtf is going on here
No it's burmistrov in for him.
Hi from 319. Everyone looks happy from up here 
That was one of the pussiest things I've seen in a while 
Tickets are cheap enough now that even flames fans can afford them 
Flames fans are the most obnoxious in the league. I've been to a lot of games and never have I seen visiting fans act like this. In people's faces, screaming go flames go.
Sounds about right. We won't move back to Australia because we don't want to put them through that. It's pretty over the top.
If someone's uses thick to mean stupid instead of thicc, they middle aged
Australia?
Looks great! Personal preference thing for me, but the Ricky Bobby hands are really distracting https://youtu.be/zrbUIDlQdJ4
And transfromability
I'm pretty sure thats a shit off, of a mexican shit off, to be specific. 
No problem. I don't even know if it's true, some guy claimed he was in the military on FB and said they would make sure they were inside to avoid having to do it. Could be total bullshit, but I doubt you can sit there and talk through it anyway. 
4a makes specific mention of outdoors, but does not mention indoors. What am I missing? 
GRACE!!!! THE BOYS TOUCHING KIDS AGAIN! GRACE!!!!
The guy who posted it before was military said there is no protocol for indoors, and that they would purposely make sure they were indoors to avoid having to do this when he was active. Not that Donny would know this, hes just a cunt. 
well, I hate him, but it was indoors and apparently you don't have to stand. http://www.wiesbaden.army.mil/policies/31_Reveille_Retreat_Customs_Courtesies.pdf
Project Managers
To add to that, every place I have worked (Sydney, SF, Vancouver) have been slowly getting rid of account people and moving to pms that can talk to clients. 
Well, they eat more they excrete more. 
That's a good point. I'd like to think if I were working on this, I'd say to just stay away from that topic all together. The fact that they chose to even dabble with ethnicity and skin color shows they thought everyone would see it as racial harmony (we're all the same). This is the way I took the ad, but as the OP pointed out, my country doesn't have the kind of racial tensions the US currently has. 

Both of you have provided some enlightening perspectives that have changed or shifted my opinion on some aspects of this ad. I still think (again, from my perspective) that we are creating MORE of a divide by looking for hatred and ignorance in places where it most likely does not exist. There are real racist people out there spewing hate and actively organizing themselves, I worry that splitting hairs in ads like this wears down the public over time. 
well - it would have to do with the area's demographics. Where I currently am, there are more females than males, and less than half are white. Previous agency had an Indian American CEO and a female asian American COO. My current direct boss is asian and female. My wife is Asian and a senior director at a very large tech company, previously at a big one that starts with a G. I think America has some SERIOUS issues and they only seem to be getting worse. Like you say, I only see it through my lens and maybe there are some seriously messed up people out there creating racist ads. I hope thats not the case with this one, I personally can't see it that way but I can understand how you can. 
Those are pretty shitty scenarios. I worked at one of the biggest agencies in the US and can say there were a lot of low talent people there, but can you honestly say that you think there's intent here - subconscious, ignorant or otherwise? Or are you saying that, as the ad stands, there are some people who will interrupt it that way, regardless of original intent. I will give you that last one - there may be some redneck Americans who would see it that way, but I DO NOT think that it was designed that way, nor do I think we should cater to mouth breathing rednecks and their warped views of the world. 
But what is realistic here? You think a strategist went off, did their research, created a presentation and said "my insight is that white people think black people are just white people with dirty skin. Lets show a black woman becoming clean and white". Or do you think its 2017 and we start from a position of all people are equal and something like that doesn't even need consideration? You're isolating two ethnicities out of many in the video and applying your own bias to it, then calling out others for the same thing. 
I don't know what the other person said because its deleted, but if you think a black woman turning into a white woman somehow insinuates she's becoming clean, then I don't know what to say. Maybe its because I'm Canadian, but I would never get that from this. Do you also think the woman becoming latino makes her spicier? Yes, Chinese ad where she puts the black guy into the washing machine and pulls out a Chinese guy after was totally racist, this one is just reaching. 
Just never watch the interview with the writer (or was it director?) That's in the extra features. Maybe it was an act, but he made it seem like we've all read too much into the story and it was just a standard Hollywood movie. I remember being very disappointed.
I think an Ottawa fan caught a puck. Guy in grey ran down and stole it, gave it to a little kid. Everyone was changing mvp
Many women turned into many other women in the actual video. I think people saying it's racist are projecting their own racism. Why would you even think that's what it means? Is the reverse true? Would a white woman becoming black mean she's "becoming dirty"? This is really ridiculous.
Except that the driving standards in China are lower than in Canada. So yes, people that are ethnically Chinese are not automatically shitty drivers, but people from china might be. 
I meant un neutered 
Do you live in Vancouver by any chance?
Lots of dog parks do not allow in neutered dogs, and for good reason. 
sacha baron cohen
Jofftannen! https://i.imgur.com/1EVlrEu.jpg
Hey, let's not forget brent Sopel. 
Mirror?
He's trying to get dorsette off the ice. I hope he's smart enough not to fall for it.
I think when you've been doing it for many years you can get frustrated by the same old scenarios. The potential for burn out is high.
Don't work in advertising then..
I try to watch him every night. Sometimes he plays with very low elo people, sometimes alone 
Are you diamond? It's so broken, must be easy right?
Manho does it solo though.
I disagree, games could be even faster if the map was bigger. If the other team gets a kill and then catches you on a bad rotation or takes OP, you're done. This happens all the time in LoL.
Yeah naw.
I miss my blenny so much :( rip Blenjie.
No, him saying the word Gucci is the meme, not the word itself. It's the conext. 
the shaco clone death ? ping
So, a teemo skin?
Wouldn't it be automatic though? Like he hit the button for the end of the show that dims the stage and turns on the lights for everyone to leave? 
Its on his second channel 

That burn was so bad his kids kids will be having crab babies 
!RemindMe 7 days
Don't listen to them. I brought two bikes from Australia to Vancouver in evoc bags, one was a 60s track bike and it made it no problem. 
Interested in what happens with Apple? keep an open mind? I've switched between the android and apple about 4 times. 
This is why I ditched apple. Over and over again they basically bricked my phone on upgrade when a new model had come out. 
-Jayden Smith
Hey I just saw a thing about him on forensic files! 
Sounds good! I think it was lolwiz that did it 
1070, i7 processor, 16 gigs of RAM. I don't think that's an issue. 
Sounds really good, wish this wasn't on overwolf though. That program is cancer for my computer, crashes every second game so bad I have to restart the whole PC. 
I had the same thing for taxes. It's really bad.
Looks about 12-13. Hit em boys!
Off topic , but 3s really killed eashl drop in. I used to play 6v6 every night, now there's not enough to even get one game going :(
Ah right.
I have no idea what's going on
Bake em' away, toys. 
Already happened to me
fair enough
Paragon streamer, CMStarke
will do! 
Took 6 months to make, so not that quick. 
Yeah it is. Honestly, if done right it can be helpful. Why wouldn't you want to see ads that are targeted you vs. irrelevant ads? 
I thought this was common knowledge? Sites will sell your data to another for targeting. So you google something about early pregnancy and click on some sites, you are going to be targeted for sure. 
So just for kicks then. 
Ok this is getting out of hand. I posted this last night and was told this. I just commented on 10 things, had conversations with people and you STILL take it down. I'm making content for the community. 
I think they were having a fake feud with another streamer and I asked too many/the right questions
I even got banned from one of their streams! I asked a question they didn't like and got banned. Oh well. 
on top of that, that's every moba. Even LoL has balance problems, dominant metas and op champs. Just how it is, and that's why people play the meta - it wins you games. I think one of the big issues is people coming from non-mobas to Paragon that haven't experienced these things. 
There's one specifically I refuse to watch. Blaming the team, calling out other streamers, flaming. And they're constantly in the top 10 viewed as well. 
I saw Starke playing tanky Gideon - is this meta right now? 
But this happens in every moba. Either you follow your lane when they rotate, or you hope they can hold while you free farm and push down your turret. If the lane being 3-4 manned holds, you get a turret and cs lead. This is more about junglers having an once of map awareness/laners calling missing. 
Thats a true support 
I'm in the process of making a video specifically for LoL players moving over to Paragon. I was one of them and there's a couple of important differences. Hopefully should have it done this week. 
Thanks for the free stuff! 
I have the same issue. I have a friend I like to play with but hes a few thousand lower than me. Still do it anyway. 
also helps to be a juking god, that's also good
I knew a guy named Harry Brunt! 
Me too! Assumed it was there as well. 
Another is giving up in 5 mins. Saying gg and trying to quit, when you know you have late game. So frustrating. 
Same for me. When I first started there were people in bot games that would load in and sit there to get free wins. Got a lot of them banned. 
Probably copyright claim for music. Happened to my video, they added ads on desktop which they took the money from and blocked mobile. It's a total as well, it was like 15 seconds of music with game sounds and a streamer yelling over top, but they make it hard to fight. 
This is by far my fave role of his. https://youtu.be/yhMkYF7hvYY
I miss the milkman :( https://youtu.be/d--nw_lK0fs
I seriously don't know what you are saying...
Because they were implying that Evo selects their plate numbers, and I've never seen that before on 100's of others, hence it being on this subreddit.
And now he's back!!
That's not a custom plate, and no other Evo has a plate that starts like that.
A4lyfe
I feel like I've seen this somewhere before... https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DILCYtFUQAEJPnd.jpg 
haha it could look even better with a cheap knock -off countess outfit stretched over grux as well. 
That's what I'm saying, I think good vs evil would be a mistake. 
Makes her a lot like Zed or Katarina in LoL. In solo q, kind of scary, but never in pro play or against teams with voice comms. They need to add something like Zhonyas, so you can become totally untargetable. Would make her waste ult and create counter play. 
It feels WAY op at the moment. If you win a few games in a row, you get SO much. That and the lack of cards makes it feel a little weird - open 5 chests, get one thing you didn't have before. 
Other than people pinging missing lanes and wards. If people backed off once she crossed a ward, she'd be losing xp and gold, getting nothing for the roams. After a while, she'd be outscaled easily. 
I think its ok as long as there is some counter play or balance to it. If some heroes can utilize the map like that, there has to be something the other heroes can do as well. Something to balance out extreme mobility. 
*kill your pc
This would be so intense. I hope they do a skin where you can dress up as another hero, but in a really shoddy way. Like a bad countess wig on Grux
The biggest thing is width across the entire map at the middle. It shouldn't take 8 seconds to go from left to right lane, or to be in mid from a side lane in no time. Thats why you push mid in games like LoL, because its the shortest lane and you can be there from spawn the fastest.  
I saw Anothernotch saying how the game is WAY better than it has ever been. I'm somewhat new to the game, so I can't comment on the past, but to me it's amazing! Love this game, keep it up. 
better than when the support ks's or takes cs. That drives me nuts! 
Seems like a fine line between a "Good vs evil" scenario though. It would have been the obvious direction, so it seem like they intentionally scaled back the fire and brimstone. 
I thought I was going crazy. Instead of the last played deck, I get the starter deck EVERY time. 
you are removing my post?! I don't make money off these vids, I literally do it to get more people into paragon. Really disappointed. 
Paragon! It's a free third person moba that's really fun and has amazing graphics. Have been hooked for weeks now.
The main reason I hate hots. But to each their own.
That happens to me all the time! Good to know it's not just low elo
hmm k. I guess I just haven't been playing long enough. 
It's a game of chicken! It's been fun adjusting from LoL to paragon. So strange not knowing every ability of every hero and their counters. 
Thanks! I aim for 2 a week, but it depends on the streamers really. 
You killed it! Played it right to the wire too, my fave 
Thats Skwonto, shes got some good moves
How do you have so many keys? I have like 5 crates and no keys. 
What about Paragon?
Was she just some girl from Georgia by any chance? 
Well yeah, its virtue signaling. Apple looks at the good guy, doesn't impact the market at all, everyone on r/apple freaks out about how they care about the consumer and no one else does, apple sells more devices. 
but thats not the end game for ads. Advertiser want to know what you are actually looking for, and give you that thing, that's the utopia. The reason they can't is because they don't have enough information. If they knew you already bought the chair, they wouldn't keep showing it to you. I strongly believe that advertising CAN be useful. 
They are using word play to make targeted ads sound sinister. "Ads that follow you around" are targeted ads, such as you visiting ign.com so someone shows you ads for destiny 2. Apple is creating a world with shitty untargeted random ads for things you will never need, just like the old days, and brands won't pay for that. That means smaller sites can't afford to exist etc.

Enjoy your tampon ads.
Because most of them don't have any concept of how it works. They're probably young enough that the internet has always been there, paid for by their parents and everything on it was "free". They don't know what it was like before and they can't understand the economics of it. 

I bet if you asked the average person how free websites are able to afford to operate, they'd have no idea. These same people are in here saying adapt or die.
Pretty easy solution - if Safari is detected, require a subscription for all sites. Then all these people saying they hate ads and that websites should "adapt or die" can see what that really means. 

I thought Little Finger taught us how to see through these things; apple is getting their revenge for Google getting into hardware. They can burn everything to the ground because they make hardware and it doesn't impact them. Then can disguise it as "caring for users" and have the public behind them. 
Maybe you have dementia then, because I remember that internet too, and it was total garbage. Even geocities pages had advertising, so you are saying you want something before even that? This is just hyperbole . 
*the internet can fuck off and die
And did you use it then? I did, it was terrible and didn't really do much. People have no idea how crazy it is that we get the things we do for free.
yeah fuck this subreddit then. What more is there to say? its a funny clip
I have the same background!
The bane of my existence, in both league and paragon. Get kill 3 out of 5 of the enemy team? Time to back and wait for them to respawn. Just get an objective!! I will probably get banned soon for losing my temper 
Wouldn't people just stack armour pen? Thats usually how you win in a tank meta as a carry. I'm glad that harvester objective was taken out, sounds kind of over complicated, but games over an hour long sound like pure hell.
Every game I see the same mistakes. ZERO map awareness, pushing with no idea where the enemy team is, solo pushing with no vision and getting caught , not grouping, trying to fight out numbered fights, fighting even numbered fights when way behind. 

I think the biggest issue is zero moba strategy knowledge, its full of people who play shooters or just wanted to play a free game. The only way out is to grind out the games to escape lower elos, I guess. 
That would split the already small, poorly matched up player base 
I'm new to this game, but are people saying this is a good thing? I'm an LoL player, and I would assume the team with the advantage would run it down mid, force a fight and end. 

Is there some flaw in the game that allows this to happen?
Would prefer they develop an API to hook into plays.tv like LoL
Jeeze Louise it was a sarcastic back to the Future joke. I love the Sedins.
#NotMyTrolly
Where we're going, we don't need Sedins! 

Stoma pokers anonymous 
Til if you don't want to rip peoples fingers off, you support illegal fishing. 
How is this getting down voted? I'm vegetarian and but I can respect that crabs are not on the same level as humans. Some serious virtue signaling going on here. 
Also in real life, the dad was doing Mary. 
I thought his asshole brother threw an axe at him :(
I think this came up in a 99% invisible episode. Mary Shelley's summer was ruined by it so she wrote Frankenstein to pass the time.
I just found out today that this isn't a joke. I thought he was the Die Antwoord of Canada.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME!!!
I guess so, it didn't seem like as big of a deal at the time, but it's pretty bad. 
Yeah sorry, let her continue on her way lol
She worked at an agency that was doing work for them, she had a meeting with their top people and that was the contact she gave for to have her story verified.
My wife was called a sex worker by NZ border people because she was only going for the day and she's asian. She had them call the CEO of Sky tv to explain why she wouldn't be at the meeting. They eventually said sorry and let her go.
Have you heard the story about the young lady from Shawinigan? I heard she caught the puck. 
I heard a lady from Shawinigan caught the puck!
I read it a long time ago, it was in a book of his that had lots of short stories. I don't remember much about it other than this guy had these weird Crystal's that could show other places. I think the big reveal was there were other creatures watching is. I can't find it now, but this is similar https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/From_Beyond_(short_story)
I have before and I will again!
Remember the one with weird stones that allowed you to see other planets with creatures on them? That was a weird book.
I have and I down voted every post you wrote. Come at me, wine puller.
Np I don't even have a CD drive 
I knew jack black would get what he deserved for that! 
Simple data entry, manual tasks. Nothing that took education beyond being average at excel/word. 
Yikes...
Did marketing for a start up, they used people in the Philippines for VERY cheap labor (1-2 dollars an hour cheap).   They referred to these people as "dead heads". 

I had a team of them working for me, on that team was a husband and wife. The wife got pregnant and they would be losing that part of their income, so the husband asked for a very small raise. I thought it sounded reasonable, they were good people - I was told to fire him. Instead I found him another job with a similar company that paid more than double and quit. 
Agree. I'm at an interview right now for my first non agency job in 9 years. Sick understaffing and over working for their profit.
Abdar?
That period of time when Skype first came out and all calls anywhere in the world were free - that was my renaissance. There used to be 4 or 5 of us on the call, muted, while one person made calls, what a time.
This is some Kyle level shit 
My roommate unplugged my tank and killed my bristlenose breeding pair. I burried like 200 babies in the back yard :(
Dog is named Mojo - Mojo beany, mojo bean, bean, bean dip, and finally just Dip. 
!RemindMe 1 day
Imaqtpie made chimping out a thing again. Mostly because he's head chimp.
Also, Canada. Helps pay for things like free healthcare.
Nothing else you can really do. Plus Trist is a late game champ, so make it that long with some good farm and you're back in it.
Kinda? He's a creative director. We worked on Dragon Age together as well.
My friend worked on this!
gonna get that. HATE the chat in eso
Thanks for the response. I'm saying I trust he knows what to do in the situation, being hes trained for it. 
... but the guys a dog cpr trainer. I think I will trust him on this.
When I was younger I worked in a call center in Australia. It was 45 degrees but we still had to dress formally. Well, not the women, they could wear dresses.
Really good cold press juicers can coat close to that
We talking about Gragas here?
I remember that one. Crawls out a hole in the windshield, everyone just watches. 
Did he smell like shit?
Was it the Portuguese one? 
yes http://www.vgchartz.com/game/84663/no-mans-sky/
but... what if that's because we have flame resistant materials? 
If you believe modern research, your chances of conceiving don't drop THAT much post 30. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YIz9jZPzvo
In how long? That happened in 24 hours, there's NO WAY they sold millions -global sales NOW are at 1.92 million. "Shockingly naive" - get outta here. Not to mention, they said there were 'billions' of worlds. 
So just another lie, no surprise there. 
In my industry it has replaced email. Email is only used to give clients access to slack. 
Not really, he just bold faced lied many times, nothing vague about it. 
Literally a one in a million chance of happening and it did, between two streamers. It seems everything was against them. 
Literally a one in a million chance of happening and it did, between two streamers. It seems everything was against them. 
Well... Slack has something to say about that
That, and two other things: making circles was so annoying, plus didn't stay relevant and had to be updated all the time. The other thing was not offering anything beyond what Facebook did at the time, other than being Google. Waste of time. 
First things first, rest in peace uncle Phil 
This is all I ever knew it by, before the fupa music video. Or hardhat.
To clarify - playing a game (League of legends) friend guessed the random character they would get correctly (from a pool of 98) then guessed again, pushed random, and guessed correctly a second time. Odds must be pretty low for that to happen?
I guess we can stop exporting power to America then. Maybe the candle market will really take off. 
I had a brick there! But they threw it out :(
Checked r/the_donald and saw "best speech ever". They really are lost. 
Excuse me, how dare you forget real player. 
They still see that 
Same thing is happening in Vancouver. We have whole apartment buildings empty because they are just being used as a place to hold funds outside of china. It's crazy.
Yeah, but look at the subreddit this is on. Pretty lucky to make it out without a scratch.
I'd rather get rear ended than crash full speed into a pile of flaming cars, but that's just me. 
So why didn't they start braking as soon as the vehicles started to crash? I've never understood this, it seems like the natural reaction.
I'm the same, CS didn't have the same feeling as DoD
who actually fucked your mom
me too, I even paid for it! I found there were a bunch of 50 year old + guys playing and taking it VERY serious
That zil needs to learn how to zil though. If he'd slowed him first then double bombed him, this never would have been on here. 
Remember playing day of defeat? I was amazing at that game.
I'm on the rise
These are things a parent should think about before doing something like that. I feel bad that the kid has an irresponsible, selfish father, but that's it. 
I sia horse
Makeshift patriots the flag shop is outta stock - hang myself at half mast 
Scarra explained this on stream one time. He tried to tell his team mate and was told to stfu lol. 
I dunno, I have a Burmese that chews through wires and enjoys the shocks... Nothing about them surprises me 
Burmese were bred later than that, that's a clue.
I feel like we had 3 go-tos at my cousin's house (we all had a computer). Command and conquer, Warcraft one or 2, rainbow 6, and Duke nukem 3d. Those were the best days of gaming. 
We used to gang up on my uncle. I'd sit behind the concession stand and put the Holo Duke up in the theatre lobby. He'd fall for it every time.
I did something similar with the first Tony Hawk game. I didn't know you could break through the glass in the warehouse. I spent like 2 hours just skating one quarter pipe, thinking it was a good game. My mind was blown when when I accidentally broke through the glass.
No worries, m8
Just saying personally, I prefer the snakes and spiders. 
Born in Canada lived in Sydney for 10 years, so other way around. 
Or sea lions apparently
Ive lived in Canada and Australia, I  fear Canada more for sure. You can take precautions to not bother snakes and spiders, but if you walk between a bear and it's Cubs you're just dead. 
Every single teammate of mine in LoL, every game. 
I had assumed 
My cat is obsessed with eating them and usually pukes them up or they come out the other end. He eats power cords, really anything he can. He's quite skinny, always has been. is there a chance he's full of ties? 
Mine would say oh I'm on a diet, I will just have a bite of yours... And then eat half of every persons meal
I've been playing games since I was 3 and it makes me sick. My dad has one eye and could fly around at top speed with no issues.
Within 21 feet you can be killed by someone with a knife, (the 21 foot rule) even when you have a gun. No one would use a taser at that point.

https://youtu.be/js0haocH4-o
Did I hear some Destruction Derby in there? 

The video is in the article on this post, if you scroll down. I think it was about 4 mins in, when he first comes out.