it makes car go bwaaaaaaAAAA
yes with the synchro, its well documented online when i was doing research on them. some people get carbon synchros which involve tearing down the transmission while other people spend a lot of money on expensive transmission fluid, i'd say to just buy a 09-11 and avoid all these work arounds
they upload highlights on youtube, i recommend watching that if you miss the live qualifying 
I know a bit about 2006-2011 civics so let me chime in 

* 2006-2008 civics would have an issue with the engine block cracking, there was a warranty extension for 10 years I think to fix this issue, avoid and buy a 2009-2011


* 2006-2011 dark coloured cars will have clear coat issues, Honda used some crappy painting scheme to paint these cars 


* 2006-2008 civic sis would have transmission problems, avoid this by buying a 2009-2011.
f1 2017 even with all the assists turned off is still much easier to drive in compared to assetto. try driving the sf70h in assetto corsa and then try it in f1 2017. assetto the sf70h loves to spin the rear wheels on exit on pretty much any aggressive mgu setting, while in f1 2017 it likes to spin but you can predict where it will spin and you can definitely feel it in the wheel.
someone has a 8th gen civic sedan with around 750,000 miles on it that he put on within 5 years doing the same line of work. gas is on the companies dime

https://jalopnik.com/5885287/how-i-put-750000-miles-on-my-honda-civic-in-just-five-years
I would love to see this, or even hear it in person. The v6ts of modern formula sound great in their own way but this just sounds so special and raw.
good thing you posted this comment, its comforting to see that I'm not the only one with issues, even with acestreams
i would also like to move to europe then i see the price of gas there and rethink
the golf sportwagen is a thing you know

https://www.vw.ca/en/models/sportwagen.html
was damavand the one where you had to jump off of the cliff to attack on i think the third base? before the tunnel? i loved that map
metro 24/7 conquest with max tickets,medic class, m16a3 with rds, foregrip and heavy barrel was the tryhard loadout back then
i wonder how much more would it take to meet reserve
Yeah it’s ridiculous, my friend bought a 2002 wrx in world rally blue two years ago at 160k for 4 grand. Everyday I keep telling him he could drive this car all day and he can still sell it for 8 grand even with all the rust on it plus it now having 210k on it. Mileage in kilometres. Definetly a sellers market lol
Dude if a Bugeye WRX can go for 5 grand in a salt province like Ontario than you can make some healthy profit if you sell a rust free civic. 
I remember when that law passed in order to combat street racing. People are still reckless everywhere and the runs are still happening, but it’s on quiet industrial areas instead of near homes or innocent people. 


Nice choice man, you have some particular taste. Get some license plate covers though, dark enough to not be trouble to cops but still cover our ugly Ontario plates. Also CE plates are running out, I really need to make a move on a car soon 
/r/AutoDetailing 

i hope your power washer was a safe distance away from the paint
guy got so much flak back during the battlefield 3 days for just playing metro 24/7 in his videos, truth is he really loves shooters and wants them to be the best they can be
fuck dude how do i enter? i would love to drive a Honda Certified Racing Vehicle!
> 20 min ago

> 4 upvotes 


I was a technician the moment it came out then quit after to go to school. We did PDI's on them which meant driving them from the lot where all the cars are to the dealership and install the plate brackets (ontario) and add fluids. A service writer bought one and let the senior techs have a rip on it.

Some issues were driveline components breaking from hard launches. People mention how Chrysler would rather have the driveshaft break than the transmission or diff.  https://www.reddit.com/r/Justrolledintotheshop/comments/6sg6be/driveshaft_in_a_2016_challenger_hellcat/

 Other than that just normal FCA shit like the uconnect system glitching out or a MIL light for a bad ground somewhere. Plus the usual TCM and PCM updates. You have a 2018 so you should see no issues, from what I know that service writer just did normal consumables like brakes, tires, oil etc. Solid cars. 
Oh yeah. I was a dodge tech when it the hellcats hit the market and the owners loved them. Nothing else like on the road for that money. Eats highway miles up and when you plant the accelerator it throws you back in your seat if you’re at 40 or 80 mph. I’d love to own one in my later years. 
this is a fact
dodge putting hellcat motors into everything
https://imgur.com/gallery/WIjFT
this is bahrain, not china. bahrain has sand coloured pit garages
looks so much nicer without the white square background behind the Ferrari logo. 
the formula 1 youtube channel did a great short video about him. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5klrZThDFHY
i do the same as OP and just use good shots of cars from /r/f1porn 
if i get a racing helmet i'll pay whatever amount to get it done like hulkenbergs helmet at aus 2017

https://cdn-6.motorsport.com/images/mgl/0rKNR7J2/s8/f1-australian-gp-2017-nico-hulkenberg-renault-sport-f1-team-rs17.jpg
for budget builds AMD is the way to go, give it some time and after people retire their 970s etc AMD will gain some more ground
in 2005 they banned tire changes, they had to complete the entire race on the same set they started with.
they integrated twitch chat into some of the sport stream links, what a time to be alive
I’m not sure I follow, so did they paint the car to hide something? Or did they crash it on a test drive while doing the work and got it repainted? 

wonder what the weight distribution is like
at that point you can get a monaco mod and the official ferrari f2004 for assetto corsa and try your luck around that circuit, default setup especially the gearing really suits the track
yeah aftermarket for those cars are great 
i honestly thought it would be as ignorant as the red miata that was given to will. this is reasonable fitment
Interesting, I wonder if it’s the same for the most of Europe. In Canada our automated car washes work the same as America, and we don’t exit the vehicle during the car wash unless it’s a special detail place that also vacuums and wipes down the interior. 

So do car washes function the same as the video in the OP but you have to exit the vehicle? Does an attendant drive the car in and out of the wash? 
where do you live?
theres a ton of used pt crusiers with a turbocharged 2.4L engine for really cheap, with a tune you can easily get 260hp out of it. and when it blows up you dont feel bad because its a pt cruiser
thats cheaper than a rental 
Mod of a current sub
Great article, very interesting insight. I play live for speed and there isn’t any torque converter automatics in the game, and if they are going to test those games they should also test more sims like rFactor and assetto corsa. 

I was impressed with enthusia (a game I have never heard about) but also playing Beam.ng extensively I knew that would be the clear winner. Beam.ng offers customization that no other game is able to replicate. Accurate transmissions, aerodynamic elements actually making a difference at high speeds, deleting pretty much every panel of the car and noticing the weight difference when driving it. The list goes on forever. Always recommend for people who like to tinker with stuff, only downside is that it take a beefy PC to run it decently. 
great post

pacifica hybrid and the electric one helps also
I don’t know how Hyundai control their lighting system but a bad body control module can cause these issues, or a damaged wire is shorting to ground. I’m not sure how you can test the BCM, on dodge vehicles you can use their proprietary diagnostic tool to do a test and see if it’s working correctly. 
i never knew about it until they uploaded it on their youtube channel. great to see that they are using youtube to upload these types of videos
Right? I keep scrolling down to read these “terrible, snobby” comments and they’re all downvoted to shit. The comments about the shitty comments are totally unjustified along with the bad comments. 
Correct
I think it was post Australian GP Alonso was quoted saying “we can fight” during some press questions in regards to the car. This was a jab at Honda who caused McLaren a bunch of problems and retirements for the last couple of years. 
About fucking time they show the drivers race highlights when they are in the pre podium room. Much better than a timing screen
Incredible racing and then it was topped off by the brilliant defending done by the 2nd place driver on the last lap. I don’t think the rules would allow that type of defending in formula 1 but my mind was blown. 


You should watch this https://youtu.be/5klrZThDFHY

If you can’t formula 1 released a short video of his life and it’s really touching. He was very close friends with Jules and dominated his junior formula races. 
just watch this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nt-3KT6ktHU
the first gen r8 was so polarizing in looks it got people who are never into cars saying that they want this car. everyone would recognize this car when it was on the road at the time. it hasnt aged well compared to something like the e46 m3 but the impact the design had was second to none at that time.
did krispy media really shoot this video? whoever did did a great job
Miata

Is

Always

The

Answer
seems like the you have the dealership in your hand. i would never give out legal advice on reddit but seriously talk to a lawyer. and, do not sign the new paperwork.
heres a couple more shots like this:

http://i.imgur.com/7M1W8Hf.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/rPsPgP0.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/uJ6m7i3.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/dkKaOVc.jpg

all courtesy of /r/f1porn
texting and driving kills innocent people. i wouldn't go so far to smash peoples personal property but i would definitely encourage stricter enforcement of people using their phones while they are driving. 

some people get mad over the fact that people text and drive and get away with it, so they leave comments like this
Wow it looks like it’s OEM! Great job.
What is the front bumper? And did you do the install yourself? I’m looking to bag the CC also, same gen as yours 
is it different in canada? op is in ontario, in the gta
/r/haggardgarage
> I work with new Mercedes now, and they disappoint me every day.

wow that says a lot about lexus back then
this video is fire that shit just stood out though 
i wonder what resistance he's running. on my old rebuildable 45w would be super thick clouds even on a single coil
i had a 2017 cruze for a rental, and its a great commuter car. nice choice OP, and don't get too hung up over not getting a malibu. if you tried one out, you'd be driving that instead of the cruze
how do you pull on a vape for like 10 seconds and get some piss poor clouds
have you seen one in person? the headlights have some depth to them which helps the look a lot imo.
to this day the Ferrari 70th anniversary pack is the best DLC ever released for the game
i find the post facelift 8th gens to be a much better comparison
youre right about the 80-90 kids growing up to rain money on their childhood cars, check this thread out about someone who recently bought a 10k mile civic si r for $22.750 

https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/88fkqz/someone_just_paid_22750_for_an_18year_old_civic/
this works only if the seller is an idiot or the item is listed way above market value. most people who know what they have know that something is up when they get stupid lowball offers all week and then get a low offer after the lowball emails stop
summary: 


* Tommy buys a 1 of 500 1995 Mazda RX7 base (red, 72k miles, auto) for an undisclosed price and reveals that he wants to flip it 


* wants to manual swap it 


* when unloading car at shop it has a bunch of smoke from the exhaust, checks maintenance history and finds that engine was rebuilt in 2005 at 68k 


* Tommy is worried that car sat for a while and now his simple in his mind easy rx7 flip will take more work now, suspects the turbos were not replaced when the engine was rebuilt and it’s causing the white smoke from exhaust 
i agree, sold a broken logitech g27 (clutch was inop but the wheel was fine) for $50 and people wanted it for free to take apart and have spare parts. i had a meetup with a guy who was super local and i drove to a supermarket plaza and waited for an hour and he didn't show up so i sold it to another guy who was also local and he was on time later that day. queue 6 angry texts from the first idiot saying that he had dibs on it and made up a shitton of excuses as to why he wasn't there. 

should mention that this was through kijiji which is the toronto/gta craigslist with a more modern webpage
what a way to die
been looking for a type s for years, has to be an 09+ though to avoid the clearcoat and transmission issues. good find
great post OP, do you post in /r/srd frequently?
Totally understand where you’re coming from now, that’s how it usually goes 
Do you completely miss all the video threads with the word “demon” in it? Or “hellcat”? FCA gets praise from those cars and the viper acr. 
total lad, he loves what he does and it shows in his videos with how he commentates with excitement 
airlift performance v3, 16x10 with 195 width tires for mad stretch for all the wheels, front and rear camber arms (maxed out obviously), pearlescent green and red wrap, some sort of widebody kit, neochrome everything including the tire valve stem cap and a straight pipe
yeah tommy and roberto are completely different people, roberto has the humor of a edgy 12 year old who browses /r/imgoingtohellforthis and clearly does not give a fuck and tommy is more serious and tries to stay away from racist/political comments in his videos
wow interesting! thanks for sharing
the OP and comments from OP are written like a facebook post
read the discussion thread https://www.reddit.com/r/HaggardGarage/comments/88r3cs/new_wheels_on_the_gtr/

jack also commented on it
one thing you should know when you get into haggard garage and the HGEU is that they never address anything. nothing. at all. ever. they want to be secretive to build hype over something a while back and now they do it for absolutely everything as a cover up so they don't have to answer anything
you also need to add that voldemortfyeah revealed the drama between him and roberto from hplogic
cool to see that Keith is your mechanic. been following him for years, the stanceshop was pretty much nothing and it turned into something over time. cool guy, he’s been trying to sell his turbo mugen si for a while now
whereabouts 
Really? I was a dodge tech and I always thought they had the 5 speed manual or auto and the 6 speed for the srt4 version. Maybe in other markets 
haha $26 tax on it
dodge journey
the v8 would be more reliable than a tuned 3.5 ecoboost plus you still have warranty whether its cpo or new
A/C is terrible in that car, youre better off using the windows. You also feel the power loss when you use the A/C. Also Honda is very particular when it comes to transmission fluid flushes 
What car? 
great advice, I might do this for some stuff I have 
I’m surprised he responds to dms
no way it could be a hack, if it was then it would be much better used on t_d or something that can stir the pot. had to be an inside job, we have too many mods
who made him a mod? why would anyone grant a three hour old account mod permission? 

i wonder what made the content producer make the switch from posting about tuner cars to formula one. i wish he did other types of motorsport also
have you seen a 370z with the amuse body kit? its incredible
you're in luck, mazda announced that all their cars will come with apple carplay/android auto and it can be flashed/installed at a dealership. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/87w7a6/mazda_at_last_offers_apple_carplay_and_android/
same, the florida content was nice though
if you do a lot of highway driving you can run the miles up without wearing out the clutch. once youre doing highway speeds you don't need to shift.
literally 5 minutes on any auto related post on reddit would tell you to avoid these places, look for an independent or ask coworkers/family for their mechanic
I agree, when I floored it the car would drop a gear then you feel the rush of power from the engine. I would assume the weight of the vehicle compared to the malibu makes it feel a bit faster. 

Having that car for that time made me realize that pretty much any new subcompact would be a great car to have. Great standard features and technology for entry-level prices. Hyper competitive markets always benefit the consumer the most. I never tried carplay but I saw videos on it and it really looks useful, and I wish I tried it out when I had the car. Great that it comes on even the base model.
i cant believe how you got such a low mile example. 600 miles... holy crap. my mind is blown. i would love to hear the story behind it, if you posted the story before please let me know.
I had a 2017 Cruze for a rental for about 4ish weeks and I can say that your write up can be used to describe the Cruze also. It has a lot of new features that I don't see in my 2010 Civic like Bluetooth and XM satellite radio but the electric power steering and the cheap tires the rental company used inspired no confidence when I attempted to do spirited driving. Even the rear leg room was surprisingly big in the Cruze like it was in your car. The rear seats however suck and are comparable to sitting on a wooden bench.


if you watched the qualifying reaction kmag said that he expected to be 7-8th but due to riccardo and bottas they got pushed higher than they expected, he wants to push but he also expects to lose his 5th place during the race
contact a local traffic lawyer in your area. in my area (gta) speeding tickets raise your insurance by an obscene amount and add to your demerit points. traffic lawyers make the speeding ticket disappear pretty much but they charge like $400-500 to drop it. better to pay $500 now than have your insurance increase $4000
At high speeds my civic sounds like I’m inside a tin can with all the wind noise. I find that even a base mode Jetta or really any European car is very solid at high speeds, I guess it’s due to the autobahn 
Comment of the day 
This is a great post. Simple yet effective and to the point. 
Nice setup, looks simple 
[actual link to auction](https://www.mecum.com/lots/HA0418-324908/2006-subaru-wrx/?utm_source=AAInfoNet+Master&utm_campaign=df623e35ce-EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_HA18_S174&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_fa410e9114-df623e35ce-115475677)
[Haha yes](http://i.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2010/SPORT/motorsport/07/28/f1.massa.ferrari.hungary.monaco/t1larg.jpg)

even with 240hp if you wanna spend $30k thats a brand new mustang money or even a CPO mustang GT or camaro SS 
> would turn it on as a prank when I wasn't looking.

relevant video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ftrk9cjJgw

check out this guys instagram page, he's building your dream car atm https://www.instagram.com/m3babe_/?hl=en
what were the five other cars that broke down?
can't wait to see what it can do on proper tires
this is next level catfishing from orion 
i dont understand why media teams still shoot stuff at like 12fps
i wonder where he pulled that figure out from. unless he has a fully built k24 with rods, pistons, sleeves, cams etc and a spare k24 incase he blows that one up from a supercharger kit.

the supercharger kit is only $4 grand and adds 70hp to the motor http://www.ct-engineering.com/ProductLineup/HondaCivicSi/CivicSiSuperchargerPackage/tabid/973/Default.aspx
not that bad for 1000hp and a warranty
if i have the OEM wiper housing then i just change the blades but if it's not OEM than i buy the whole assembly. my 2001 sentra had aftermarket ones while my 2010 civic does not. OEM wiper blades (the rubber things) are $10 for both driver and passenger at my local honda dealer and they last for like 5ish months before they have some streaks in canadian weather.
wtf when you're reversing schools here in ontario teach you to have one hand behind the passenger headrest and one hand on the wheel at 12 o clock [like this](http://media.safebee.com/assets/images/2015/7/woman%20reversing%20in%20car.jpg.838x0_q67_crop-smart.jpg)
i wonder how much time hes losing to not having body panels
does this come with the computers? i remember when this was announced there was a thread here referencing the roadkill episode where they had to place pretty much a full charger/challenger interior into their old muscle car to get it to run properly because the engine didn't want to communicate with anything else. 
i googled "slow piece of shit" and it usually comes up. also some of the parts are completely made up on the list but if someone was crazy enough to put a 102mm turbo on anything i'd be surprised if it didnt run low 9s haha
evolution of this?

slow piece of shit...i can smoke the fuck out of this in my 1994 EG hatch with a couple of simple mods:

- 10 point cage with Parachute
- 3 piece discontinued JoJo frontend
- spec-R full drag suspension
- Fuel cell with -8 lines from tank to motor
- 1 044 bosch pump
- 1200 rc injectors
- golden eagle sleeved block
- cp 10:1 pistons
- Eagle rods
- arp headstuds
- oem h22 headgasket
- Balance shaft delete
- competition clutch twin disc
- Port and polished head
- skunk2 valve springs and retainers
- Str cam gears
- crower stage 1 cams
- aluminium radiator with slim fan
- gsr transmission with itr lsd.
- qsd h2k intake manifold adapter
- k20 rbc manifold
- qsd throttle body spacer
- blox 70mm throttle body
- 4bar omni map sensor
- 6al msd with coil and cap. 3 step launch control
- hks bov
- Garret 102mm turbocharger.
- Custom t4 front facing turbo manifold with 44mm flange
- 44mm tial wastegate
- Custom water to air intercooler set up
- aem eugo wideband w/ gauge
- tuned on chipped p28
- 13 inch volks drag rims
- 2 15 inch volks rear rims
- arp extended wheel studs
- si cluster
- 150 shots of nitrous

im making 348 horsepower to the FRONT WHEELS because thats the only place the power should ever be

Q U I C K R E L E A S E
its fun but kinda expensive, and tuesdays and thursdays are super busy in the summer. always fun to blast past kids under the bridge though
damn i thought the heated seats and nav plus the leather door panels would make a difference compared to the usdm civic si. interesting
wow, just wow. 
i love the styling of the 09-11 csx with the hexagonal tail lights, and i'd say the civic si would be closer to the type r because it's lighter even though it doesn't have the same look as the type r
i cant wait for the enzo video. that'll be a hit
i dont see whats so special about the csx type s, its a csx with a civic si drivetrain and heated leather seats. i looked for a white one for years but after seeing them all go for $12k i just started looking for a fa5
someone posted about sauga before like in the past week some guy took his s65 amg to the benz dealership in heartland and the tech went to the timmies in the winners plaza. guy made a video and it was posted here. https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/82up70/guy_drops_off_his_mercedes_s63_amg_at_dealer_for/
why? i was planning on going on wednesday with some friends. wheres a good karting place?

Super hexagon 
Idk man Saubers white with red looks pretty cool. I wish caterham were still here or someone can copy their 2012 livery of the green
i wonder what it's in for

also is this example going to a museum? that's crazy it has delivery miles on it still
yeah the consistent shop background, rega hoodie, his beard, what else did i miss
this write up is written really well, great job OP
voldemortfyeah made back a reddit account and replies to people on his own subreddit. thing is, [/r/voldemortfyeah](https://www.reddit.com/r/Tommyfyeah/) is dead af, and his video generates like 20-30 comments in their threads every time they are posted on this sub compared to 1 or 2 comments on his own sub.

edit: made changes to post that reflect the new rules put in place by mods
i agree, it sucks to do that to such a clean example of someone elses skyline. i wont dare touch 25 year old plastics with a alcohol mix
the MY2008 had the same problems as the 2006 and 2007 civics, just go for a 09+
adpocalypse is over. all channels say that everythings back to normal now. i follow automotive channels

anyone has the reddit link to the older thread that was posted on /r/cars last time?
yeah i got a rental and the inside windows were so clouded up you coudnt see anything at night cus the bloom from any source of light was insane. its like windshield wipers that just smears rainwater across the windshield instead of wiping it off. vape smoke doesn't fuck up the windows that bad in warmer climates though.

although if the guy is letting a youtuber do a burnout in his sight-unseen car i doubt he cares if anyone vapes in it
yeah I agree, I can’t soloq at lem and mg. if you want to enjoy cs then just play face it with friends and go for clips. when cheats are $5 for private cheats that don’t get detected since 2015 and get updated every week it’s hard for valve to stop them
y tho
i always wondered where they get those helmets. do they buy a normal helmet and airbrush fernandos design on it? or is it a showpiece helmet and they can't use it for racing?
i agree with what you're saying but the principle is that you shouldn't take a car that's not yours to grab ice cream at a ice cream place thats 2 minutes away. like just walk or take your own personal car. i want to know the service they did, if its an oil change theres no reason to start the car or road test it. 

youre right about the guy having the respect to not floor it and the OP being a dick about a dirty center console 
aftermarket steering wheels are useless without hans devices, go ahead and spend $500 on a key's racing wheel or $80 on a nardi, they both won't help in a crash
seeing rudnick in the back of the kei truck in beautiful sunny weather just having a good time makes me hate the cold weather 
Same on the iPhone app it’s so annoying 
yeah i dont understand rudnicks fetish of installing ugly nardi wheels on all of his cars. they look so rice with the chrome three piece
those schedules are real. you don’t want to go to your bus stop and find out that the bus was 5 minutes behind schedule and has already left because the driver didn’t wait. idk about the ttc but hsr and miway drivers are penalized if they are very very ahead of their schedule. depends on the route and how often the bus runs also.
how the fuck does his airpods stay in when he does all these tricks
what a throwback. grant, gimbal and the intro/outro. what a coincidence also
the best reply in this thread. nothing is as brash and exciting to hear than formula 1 engines of  the past
imo the updated Ferrari logo adds a lot to the clean look of the car
the angles of the background and the car and overall colors combined with the moody lighting make this such a stunning shot, like it comes straight from a dealer pamphlet of the car. possibly my favorite picture of a car in recent memory, almost everything in this shot is perfect except the people.
https://i.imgur.com/L5EQqM9.jpg favorite picture of the bunch. i want this on a poster minus the people sitting
sounds like a story for /r/talesfromtechsupport
he hit the front page of reddit the other day https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/804ojy/youtuber_gets_interrupted_by_his_daughter_while/
1,000 entries at $100 an entry... thats a lot of money
divine is slightly ahead of burky imo but thats probably cus divine shoots more stuff and has more hours filmed
look at the new blackberries, the PRIV came out in 2015 and ran stock android 6.0 marshmellow. was a slider phone like the torch. i loved mine but the poor battery life late into my ownership made me look at a new phone.
i saw the 2004 mclaren f1 car at the toronto auto show this year and even without the tobacco ads it looks great.

if that car was reliable it would be much more successful and the 2004 season would have been a great season to watch instead of "lol schumi wins"
kinda late reply but i just switched to rbc insurance based off of your comment and im saving $220 as a primary on my civic. thank you so much
haha
That’s crazy, do smart cars come with a stick or plus manual the only option?
"Introducing... the all new 2019 Chrysler Pacifica Hellcat!"
- FCA probably
pretty much any thread that is slightly related to drifting and automobiles will have an initial d comment thread. heres one in recent memory, theres two initial d comment threads https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/54f8ah/next_day_shipping/
whats wrong with it? i never looked into smart cars before
nah b I’ve been Toronto mans 4 lyf 
if they do another challenge i hope they check the weather, watching cars that are meant for dry events in the rain is fun but in the wrong aspects
whose idea was it to release the project car challenge videos 4 days after each other? either have it every sunday or a specific day or release it back to back every day.

the hype died quick for the project car challenge after it was completed, people got what they wanted to see which was collabs with youtubers and cars going fast and didn't really care for the challenge aspect. hype dies very quickly on the internet and the gap between the official videos and the auto vloggers making their videos and posting it was too long.

i honestly feel bad for jimbo because he did put a lot of effort into making it a well produced video series but he gets less than 100k views on it.
$230 as a secondary, right?
nice mods, would like to see it now but in the description you sold it
I/H/E means it has an intake, headers and an exhaust
i had no interest in twitch streamers but after drdisrespect and tyler1 came back and /r/livestreamfail flooded /r/all i cant help but just watch the shitshow of drama thats on twitch
link to video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzPv4aYq1gY
LOL you called one mod a cuck and you get banned. youve been around since the lmtc build videos. what a joke
did you get banned? that makes no sense youve been a regular for a while
yeah my take on it is theres a bunch of tommy fans who are hurt that tommy let some paoloalto kiddies get into his mind and made him leave, then want to grandstand and blame the sub as a blanket statement instead of tommys weak ego
this whole sub is turning inside out ahaha i have never seen this in my years of reddit
i dont care for the tommy drama, he doesnt even do the legendary outro on his videos anymore and when he stopped caring i stopped reading every comment he posted
its the true muscle sedan, it cant turn for shit but can slam you in your seat whenever you want. a huge plus to these cars is how comfortable they are when you are on the highway, the nvh is very good for the performance you get
man seeing that engine bay is with the 4g in it put a smile on my face, i dont know a lot about evos but i do like all of them
will had an opportunity to hang with good people and not wastemans and he threw it away. i see orion doing the same to cam shortly
discord added a search function for all the text channels and dude its scary how far you can go back. you can sort by keywords, month it was posted, messages by specific user etc. its pretty easy to do so now
 the discord is public, its in the sidebar. if you wanted to discuss it then you wait until the deal went through. you posted it to a public discord and complain that some random saw it and posted it. that discord is not invite only. 
> 
>   Its the same as if you screenshot something on a fb messenger group chat with not many people and spread it around

that discord has 67 people online right now lol how can you even compare it to a facebook group chat with "not many people"
i thought the k series miata would be the track focused build


its still alive and kicking
fuck it he should go all out and make a type r clone
£32,500.00
that would work only if chris worked solely on a car. sometimes he just does stupid shit in the video and its 3 mins of actual car content. id say just divide the videos by all the shops he has been in
i have never heard of the driving school thing before. so you get issued by an officer to go there and do what? learn about driving?
no one even mentions the GOATs Euro Truck Simulator 2 and American Truck Simulator
20k rpm they revved to. the v10s revved to 19k rpm
was reading that this was going to get auctioned when they had a bunch of spoon cars for sale. what a crazy machine. would love to see an engineering breakdown of all the components, especially the aero kit this has
what car is this? a bmw?
I really want to know why it holds value. Definetly one of the modern mysteries of the car industry
Yeah automatic touch less washes definitely have their place, especially if you live in a winter climate and your car gets a nice coating of road salt during winter.
what is the mileage on your 8th gen? with the symptoms you described it has to be the flywheel, especially since you say they sent it out to be machined. based off of the previous info, that mechanic either dropped the flywheel when reinstalling it and said fuck it or actually sent it out to be machined and whoever did the machining did a bad job. a new flywheel is a decent chunk of change.  

my advise is to go to a reputable dealership in your area and tell them the whole story. this will cost a lot of money to do but you will get peace of mind that they have trained technicians working on it using genuine honda parts. tbh if i was in your position i would just say fuck it and deal with the vibrations, and look into it later when i get more money. i would also avoid that shop, and tell other people i know to do the same.
/r/savedyouaclick
kind of a late reply, but i think he is saying his download speed is mbs which is much lower than mbPs. i have 20 mbps download but on steam i get 2.0mbs, takes around 16 hours to download 65 GBs
6 point racing harness, FIA approved racing seats, HANS devices on both driver and passengers and a roll cage are pretty much required if you wanna participate in the runs /s
the m3 and 330ci zhp coupes are stunning, especially in laguna seca blue
looks stunning. i recently got back into formula 1 after stopping in 2013, and after seeing formula 1 embrace the internet I got back into it. i never had time for the races so i just watched the highlights from the race weekend. i also watched 2004-2012 season reviews and loved how all the cars looked throughout.

my goals are to get a model of the renault r25, f2004, the 2012 mclaren and redbull, and the 2009 brawn car. all with uncensored liveries. this list will probably grow and ill get some niche cars but i suspect these are pretty easy to find compared to a 2004 sauber or a 2006 toro rosso
no worries at least you fixed it
thank you
god bless
well looks like im making a trip to italy
where?
never in my years of reddit have i ever seen the wrong slashes used to page a subreddit
> you give up hands free calling, steering wheel controls, play/pause/track changing, and text to speech readout on text messages, and text to speech responses, in some newer cars.

these features are so convenient, i dont know why people still use the aux over bluetooth. i have a 8th gen civic with an aux cord and i have to use my phone to change songs and if someone calls my music just stops playing after the call goes to voicemail so i have to unlock my phone and play back my music (using Spotify) which is illegal while driving

compare that to my buddies 2016 civic with android auto and i can skip songs and answer/decline calls without picking up my phone. much more safer to use compared to what i was describing before. 
its everywhere dude, 2011 WRX with a stage 6 COBB tune+, hella horns, short shifter, wrapped, coilovers etc is still $20k with 200km on the car in toronto
what car are you driving? year and mileage might tell something also
pro tip: dont do this unless you want your clutch replacement bill to also include a new transmission. only do this in an emergency 
good luck finding one in that spec

unless you are buying used
where is this from
[my buddy showed me the context and i couldnt stop laughing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=276TwHbUlsg) 

the worst is people going the speed limit in the left lane. left lane is for passing only. driver education is a joke.

edit: i dont edit comments but these replies are a joke. people are justifying going slow in the left lane. probably the same type of people who say "if they wanna go faster, they have to find a way around ME! I will sit in this lane until my exit is next doing the SPEED LIMIT!" 

if you are in the left lane and see that the right lane is going faster, just know that one of these people is in the left lane holding up a giant train of cars because of their selfish behavior
this guy buffs and polishes
wow i thought they used fiberglass chassis i didn't know it was an actual car
hey that would be great content on the side, i watch a lot of simracing and id like to see how much time you would save after hundreds of laps on the virtual track. im not sure if a lot of people would be interested in that type of video but i would be.
I mean for tommys use VR is the way to go if he gets one. He won't be signing up for iRacing and be a competitive sim racer anytime soon so it won't matter at all. Plus it's cheaper than three 144Hz monitors
for casual use VR is good but racing teams still use monitors because vr has display lag which isnt a lot but is enough for big teams like force india f1 and mercedes to still use monitors
when i read about high mileage cars i always wanted to see the manufacturer tear the car down and look at the engineering behind  why all the components didn't fail and chassis stress points and wear on engine components like the cylinder walls and valve stems etc.

would be boring to some but i find that stuff fascinating 
Best bet would be google play music if you’re gonna stream music but local music on your device you can use pretty much any music player on the play store and it’ll do a true shuffle. 

Edit: I see you meant Spotify third party playlist shuffler. I am curious also.
I hated that so much. I would miss good songs because I would thumb down songs instead of trying to replay it when using the player from the notifications.
Not at the 613 lol
haha the speedrun splits are a nice touch, looks like hes on track for a new wr
i havent found that to be the case at all, the volume knob on the xc90 is a knurled roller dial, and nothing is squeaky plastic anywhere in that car
i have always read on here that the old 5 series interior was very solid and had very nice touchpoints and buttons, could be wrong
bmw e39, the new volvo lineup
wow when i did my g test in oakville i got an instructor who was into cars and we talked cars for the majority of the test. i got marks off for straddling lanes and when i merged i accelerated to get infront of a truck in the merge lane which put me over the speed limit which i lost marks on. still passed.
yep, they look so similar to the red bull x2010 prototype
yeah, formula 1 is doing the same and /r/formula1 is losing their mind over it
i wonder if chris is gonna finish moving all the stuff he has on time. maybe hes leaving some junk he doesnt want so the landlord is forced to move it, pretty sure its illegal though. 
Subframe and the outro, a double whammy
I’m not sure about how this dealer worked, but at the dodge dealer I worked for we had a red viper on the floor for a month. We would hear if the viper started up because service was right next to sales but we didn’t for the whole month. After the month was done, they started the viper up and moved it out to make way for the new showroom floor plan which included a lifted Jeep Wrangler. Service didn’t touch the viper at all, and that viper was sent to a different dealership to be a garage queen I would assume. 
i have never seen anything like this in my life before. looks like an alfa romeo and a bmw
Its also free to play and the controls are simple 
Really clever building techniques at play here. Really liked how you did the angled rear windows for the bed of the SUV and how you managed to put stops under the roof. 
those are technic sets
What was your turning point, netgear?
Yeah I agree but finding one that’s not high mileage is pretty hard in my area. I love how the vr6 sounds
was looking at getting a CC with the same engine, and the timing chain problems always make me look for another car
Same here, I take miway but when I travel to Toronto the amount of times the TTC buses don’t accept presto and I have to find change sucks. So glad I have a car now
Correct, the celica and lmp1 car was added during autumn 2017 and the supra and corolla were added in may 2016. 

Also, what about my flair triggers you? Haha 
assetto corsa in recent years added the toyota celica st185, a toyota supra mk4 with drift and time attack versions, a toyota ae86 trueno with drift and time attack versions and the toyota TS040 Hybrid race car. i would like to know where you got that information from saying toyota doesnt want their cars in video games.


do you have the pictures?
rudnik removed the 135 and evo race though, it was a funny video cus everyone was shitting on will
i really dont care. my point still stands though, youre mad
lol ur mad
I agree, this should be an open subreddit. The sub was lacking in posts for a while before dan posted his first video
you’re on some shit
ban this guy he’s a dick
That’s not me lol I’m over my negativity towards you
!subscribe
that depends largely on the game, i watch gta speedruns and even if they are down 3 minutes they wont restart because they can make it back later in the run
tommyfyeah monthly expenses rough estimate is $4600 per month, it stayed the same for the entire of 2017





month | amount ($)
-----|----------
Nov-Dec 2016 | $1298.xx
February 2017 | $2297.17
March 2017 | $5242.86
April 2017 | $2541.52
May 2017 | $2399.49
June 2017 | $3414.04
July 2017 | $2534.85
August 2017 | $3662.80
Sept 2017 | $5891.35
October 2017 | $7347.95
Nov 2017 | $7598.99
Dec 2017 | $10136.35

notable things:

* march is when he livestreamed and he got mad donations which youtube counts towards his revenue
* august is when his channel started growing
* october is when his  nissan gtr got hit and he got the highest monthly views in his youtube career (2 million)
* november and december ad revenue is high

Yeah if you definitely know shortcuts you can take in the job to make up some time against the book then more power to you. That all comes with experience in the trade and knowledge on what you’re working on. This type of system really rewards people who like to work efficient
Flat rate technician? If that’s the case I’m in a similar boat
That can be said for every trade tbh
i never owned a keyone but i had a priv, it was a good phone but it just sucked using it after a year because of the sd808. my phone was blackberries first attempt at an android phone and it had a 5.7in 1440p AMOLED screen, stock android plus some blackberry apps, a slide out physical keyboard and a 18mp rear camera.

the phone got monthly security updates but never got updated to 6.1 or 7.0, it still is on marshmellow. the keyboard is a productivity monster though, id fly throguh replying to anything from reddit comments to emails. device held up pretty well also after 2 and a bit years of ownership.
one thing i noticed from watching his rollintwinturbo vlogs back when he was still with jonah is how veiny the kid was
its stock android plus some blackberry apps
funny that you mention blackberry, my blackberry priv that i had since nov 2015 got to the point where it would die at 70% on the original battery. just commits suicide at 70% and if i try to reboot it either reboots into the homescreen and powers off instantly or just doesnt boot at all, this happened when using snapchat earlier then it would happen in instagram and reddit is fun.

 it was a toss up of either installing a new battery and deal with the sd808 or get a new phone and now i own an iphone 8.
sucked that it rained for the daytona event, would have been sick to see the cars go flat-out on the banked turns. so far this event has been organized great, feretti sure knows whats up when it comes to these big challenges.
saw the last two minutes of the livestream: jimbo was in a radical and stalled while exiting pit lane, and boostedboiz minivan still has no third gear
i wanna see the twin turbo APS engine 
with the mining craze and the stupidly high memory prices going on right now you can buy a good condition used car than an option package. i feel bad for people who want to get into PC gaming and have to spend $120 for 8gb DDR4 alone
man i wish deboss' audi ran properly and he remembered to turn on the scavenge pump, would have been a sick final run for the day
when kyle took the hatch to their local drag strip in Colorado cleetus was the host and when kyle lined up for his pass cleetus was plugging his youtube channel and hyping up his red hatch. cleetus is a stand up guy
/r/me_irl 
great album, it was written like a story moreso a picture with captions. that guy who owned the shop that told you to go to the back was awesome
id like to know as well. maybe its the tire noise on a sticky surface
Lol what? They did sell manual V70 Rs in the states. They are incredibly rare.  https://bringatrailer.com/listing/2004-volvo-v70-r/
in addition to the reply,[ this image](https://imgur.com/nZqfCQa) might help you also


oh how the great have fallen
A Tommy meme? That would be spicy
All these years I thought it was leaves 
i asked him yesterday and he said hes gonna address it in todays video
this sub has turned upside down within the last 12 hours
why is this sorted by new? a lot of people coming into this thread will see these comments and wonder where is the discussion. 
Formatting?  
i miss these
sick, and i was very excited but i see where youre coming from
so full focus is going to the youtuber car showdown? if not then its probably due to the hype dying down significantly since the announcement last year
the official f1 channel does raw onboard clips while mclaren themselves put music and jumpcuts all over this clip. damn shame really
Wow I got played anyways if your pc is crap then upgrade your computer but if not then just wait on it. And the iPhone 6s should be good for another year if you get the battery warrientied 
You really don’t need to upgrade then lol just buy a computer if you have a crappy one already 
what phone are you upgrading from?
even MORE evidence for the Torrington Time Warp
Roplb Spaghetti reached out to them and asked if they can make it, kyle mentioned it in one of his recent videos 
They can make reliable cars but this piece about the unintended acceleration recall tells me that toyota doesnt know how to code anything really http://www.safetyresearch.net/blog/articles/toyota-unintended-acceleration-and-big-bowl-%E2%80%9Cspaghetti%E2%80%9D-code

Edit: holy shit I made a lot of people mad 
definitely not within a year, maybe a couple (two to three) i only said that cus i know you want one but waiting three years to save a couple thousand is up to you
I'm blown away that the software dude that looked at toyotas source code wrote an 800 page report. I get that it's justified for something as big as a automaker but 800 pages!?
if you can afford it and want it then get it, but id wait another year for prices to drop into 8k for a 07-08 with fair miles
so out of pretty much every single car acura/honda has released, they produced two cars with distinct rwd. 

acura/honda would never make the ilx/civic platform support rwd. maybe awd but thats far in the future.
hey i mean if i turn my monitor off it looks pretty good!
2003 350Z are just touching $7k for ones that are kinda clapped out, high km (250,000+). the ones with the HR motor are still at like $13k for clean ones in my area (toronto)

i agree though, that car is gonna be the next 240. less easy to work on but the chassis is incredible and very versatile for both drift and grip racing. just gotta wait for prices to drop and snag a couple before the drift tax hits them 
Same motor as mine then. 140hp 128ft lbs of torque. Rev happy but you are correct, using air conditioning makes this car slower.
Its the euro spec, I dont think those Si models got any motor worth talking about 
Has to be the euro spec, we never got the civic hatch in that spec
holy shit the man himself richard rawlings commented on that article calling out alex roys record and saying that it doesnt count because he didnt finish at the same location as the previous cannonball runs. then alex comes out of his silence to address him.

great read, i would love to see where that benz is today
The last good mugen car was the fd2 mugen rr, they went to the gutter with this 
Holy shit its like all of the mississauga population came out to upvote this comment 
the new volvos are so nice, i love the thor hammer lights they are putting on all the models
thats so fucking cool
that is typical of any miata seller
dude I slept on some killer deals back when I didn't have a lot of interest in cars. Like a one owner 2008 volvo s40 T5 6mt r-design for 8k otd, or a volvo v70 t5m for 7k otd. it's the way life goes though, you still enjoy your car which is all that matters.

and about your last point, i agree. acura was on fire when they released the first gen of TL and they will never achieve that success again unfortunately.
yeah but dan's drama is much more enjoyable to watch than this austin kid. dan has history with haggard, austin has nothing to offer
doing shit like this destroys your alignment, the suspension components are designed to withstand stress from the road and suspension travel from the wheels moving up and down. tow points are designed to withstand stress pulling on them.
on some real shit beam.ng is the most fun you can have out of a soft body physics game, you can press control and a bunch of dots show up on the car that you can click and fling your car around. the crashes are scarily accurate and it does a good job at showing differences between old and new cars and how they crash. plus the new west coast map has a lot of depth to it and looks great. 

as a driving sim however your money is best spent on something like raceroom or assetto corsa. the cars in beam.ng are all made out of tin cans and have too much flex in them.

Such a stunning piece of bodywork they made. I would love to see it in person.
comparing the two i meant, type s lacks awd compared to the tl 6mt with sh-awd. i worded it poorly
So true, there's reasons to look for them because they don't suffer from the "type s" tax where sellers want $17k for their type s manual with 220k and its awd. I have been looking for like a year in Canada and they don't show up provincially. 
Which models? 
Finding your specific model is like finding a needle in a haystack... in a warehouse full of haystacks. Its rarer than a tl type s
Those swiss tracks look like a nightmare to roll stuff around and clean though. Sure it looks nice but it isnt functional compared to a flat surface  
https://i.redd.it/n6arum5oolsz.jpg

/u/bmwe30driver 

cool car, what a unique paint
Lol you just posted it here and someone gilds you 
the iMovie music ahaha this is incredible
For anyone who didnt know Michael Schumacher scored pole for the 2012 monaco gp but didnt start pole due to a gearbox penalty 
Yea it was crazy
Yeah tyler1 has like 390,000 viewers a few days ago
Thats crazy for tommy, but big name streamers on twitch make easily twice that when they stream
someone better have a screen recording of tommy going in, it was magical

like the drama definitely died down here, and this happens
wow did not expect a skrillex song as the intro
it was a hawkeye sti stock with 4 dudes in it, guy didnt start as aggressive as ornament and still lost in the top end lol
I swear someone got him a heated jacket for christmas but it didnt fit him
even a st fn bayo crimson web can fetch a pretty price, market is slowing down tho cus game is losing players
Where is the g27 $150? On classifieds its still $300..
clarkson on the grand tour (s2e2) when he was racing richard and james in a new ford GT mentioned how many times how he had to undertake cars when passing on the highway and noted how poor the lane discipline is on the highway.
In Ontario on the QEW theres these overhead signs that are like a giant LED lightpanel that the transportation people use to report slowdowns on the highway. [Like this.](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/-mm-/7b636d69708bb542e3e427e9bd95d924ac2683cc/c=5-0-4314-3240&r=x393&c=520x390/local/-/media/2015/10/05/IAGroup/DesMoines/635796688848838942-Get-your-head-out-of-your-apps.JPG) Ours say "SLOW TRAFFIC KEEP RIGHT" when there isn't bad traffic and people simply ignore it. The worst is dumbasses going 90kmh in the HOV lane. Defeats the point of the lane.

I don't know why they just ticket people going slow in the left lane. They would literally print money.
Neon or caliber srt-4? I dont see neon srt-4s but I see calibers still
i feel you
just play fortnite
Haggard Chad, its a meme from this very subreddit. Also this was my friends perspective, I was also bush camping. 
why didnt you get a volkswagen cc? i was in the market for a volvo for a very long time but all examples in my area are super high kms so im looking at other cars and a vw cc is very appealing.
i wonder how that happens, only explanation i can think of is there supposed to be a train there in the default map and promods forgot to code that out.

crosspost this to /r/unexpected
was playing fortnite and saw that this guy died https://i.imgur.com/s6gYS98.jpg
yeah the small details like that thin hood prop is a nice touch.
Yeah lego technic sets are a step above the showpieces. I have the lmp1 car and it has pushrod suspension, v8 engine, hand of god steering and some function when you turn a gear and it opens both doors or the engine compartment. It was the same price as the ferrari set.

I was looking to get the Porsche set but the pdk transmission has issues and it costs alot. Worth it for a Porsche enthusiast though
i honestly dont know how a car so massive like the taurus can have such little interior space. it's like the same space as a bugeye wrx, just with more leather and tech. the driveshaft hump in the rear footwell is massive.
thats a really cool model, last year the had the ferrari f40 with some interesting lego build tricks they used to pull off stuff like the intake vents.

edit: here is a video of the building techniques lego designers used in this model, skip to 16:45. https://youtu.be/GRKcLlFsSvo
a vw cc will not give you any more space lol look at a passat wagon
Awesome shot, this is my new phone wallpaper
look how thin the tires are on the rear! it looks like a 225 width!!
yeah plus he mentions that he has a buddy that runs a nissan dealership. maybe nissan doesnt have the best towing options with their vans
i saw this in the theater today and one thing i noticed in this ad is how many different engine notes this model of car had. im pretty sure i heard a blow off valve when the driver upshifted at around the 11s mark.
real THPS fans know which game this song appeared on
yeah i dislike the design of the silvia on the back, a lot more could have been done to make it as clean as the actual build, starting with the heinous font on the rear plate
kids a drama queen who puts a little too much self-worth in posting videos on this sub

like if you take so much pride in copying and pasting links and posting them here at least add a summary to the video
holy shit i skimmed this video and orion is playing assetto corsa for 4 minutes of a 10 minute video. LOL
love these cars, the last of the high revving sedans from honda
stay away from 2001-2004 volvo anything, they had major transmission problems with their automatic
dude just message nerfdude, whats the point of this self post...

also how are you going to miss out /u/grammarfailure he posts haggard videos AND does a summary
dude they have pretty much zero work ethic. i dont know if you follow cam on snapchat (or if you have a snapchat) but ive been since summer and my god this kid is so fucking lazy. he wakes up stupid late, does fuck all except play video games all day and stays up late in the night just to repeat the process all over again. I cannot do that for pretty much 6 months solid. i would go insane within the first week.

highschools in my area (toronto) its mandatory that you get 40 hours of community service to graduate. its an effort to teach kids how to work and not be completely useless and it does impact the kids who dont have family-ran businesses that can just sign off the 40 hour slips for nothing. cam should do something like that, or get a job that sucks to realize the opportunity that youtube is giving him
civic si with the 6 speed had the problem, the r18 civics had issues with their block cracking
Probably because rif is a third party app and doesn't have any access to reddits database unlike the official reddit app?
Thank you for summaries 
figure out how to format properly first
Honda will make the Earth Dream motors a thing again
I havent travelled to niagara with this phone plan currently, but you do make a good point. I was on redflagdeals today and koodo is offering a $55 plan with unlim talk/text and 1gb of data plus an additional 2gb at no extra charge for 2 years. Plus if you go in store the salesperson can add a $10 credit off your bill monthly for 12 months. I might switch to that after unlocking my current phone with freedom. 
Its over now, was only offered for three days
Customer service is good but the coverage sucks. Everyday I take to qew and past winston churchill towards the 403 I have very little network strength. Not to mention how many times my phone loses all service when I get in hamilton. The network is incredibly strong in vaughn though
Dont bother replying to this kid, he has the reading comprehension of a kindergartener 
dude the new sentinel classic is so fun to drive. Its so narrow in the game
read the thread, theres a lot of interesting discussion about the posters mental health https://np.reddit.com/r/insanepeoplefacebook/comments/7kqzb9/church_lady_asks_the_community_facebook_group_to/
Hey were you at the elevated subies closing meet in vaughn? Sick car!
https://i.redd.it/bmojp48j6t401.jpg context for the lazy
the article are just commentary to the pictures in this post. i dont know if its the setting of the warehouse or if it was touched up in image editing software but these shots are incredible. its not everyday you see the engine of a mclaren f1 being completely disconnected from the rest of a car. 
man i wish north america got the fd2r, such an awesome chassis
/r/ignorantimgur
yes
Holy king_of_silvers  you never go that in depth in an arguement ever
Update your flair 
similar story, i was looking at a 2005 volvo v70 on autotrader. no pictures yet but it had full specs, it was $6995 with 120ish kms on it. i called the dealership and asked if i can come and see it, and i asked them to send me some pictures. 

they send me pictures, and it was a light blue v70 that was insanely clean, with the non-turbo 5 cylinder, and cloth seats (base model). i was really interested now because all p2 and p80 volvos have no less than 250,000kms on listings so I arrange for an appointment. 

next day i get there and see the car, i walk around to the passenger side and theres a huge dent in the pass rear door and the rear quarter panel. i was pissed lol
this is no where near the level of cleverness and effort that netgear posts in his shitposts. this is just a 12 year old rambling
idk why youre getting downvoted either those moms are brigading our sub or people are stupid. this is a highly crafted shitpost
This is so bait lmao I cant believe this
its what happens when /r/futurology and /r/cars have these threads. 
How about a return of the outro
Whats this about the no title rule as of jan 1st 2018?
i gotta admit while the dynograph reading is a bit laggy thats super cool to have in a car
I really enjoyed tommys video about the detail. Chris is a professional and the way he went about doing his magic just shows how much attention to detail he has. I learned about how buffing takes time and if you go too fast the temperature will cause hazing in the finish which doesnt give it clarity. But of course videos wont do his work justice, seeing it in person will. 

Very well put together video, and I wished the discussion thread reflected that instead of a bunch of kids crying over how much tommy spent on a detail
OP, what makes you think they would take this seriously?
The irony of calling us dick riders when we dislike almost every move haggard has made since the inception if this sub, ho boy
only OGs remember paloalto 
Yea lmao we dont need people telling others what they can and cant post
I wish sofyan went back to reviewing older cars, when he worked at the used car dealership I binged watch almost all his videos on the 2theredline channel and the older one he used to upload on. He has plenty knowledge of all the used cars he reviewed
\>current year

\>using reddit on desktop

\>not using RES
i swear his wago is a d series, not b
i really wish they actually clean the damn thing. all their cars look beat to hell. 

still impressive though, kyles still going to school and has enough time to swap a h-series AND turbo it within a month. unbelievable what good work ethic and a great network of friends and spare parts can get you
oh my god please post this to /r/gaming or /r/gamephysics
Over on the /r/toronto sub Beck taxis have become a meme over how terrible the drivers are.
Thats so cool to see a dealer thats so open to testing cars. Especially a hellcat. I was in a charger hellcat for a pdi and even with the black key the car just violently forces you in your seat. Its incredibly addicting, like a drug that the only downside is the cost of fuel and subsequent speeding tickets. Its a great highway cruiser
if you want cheap horsepower than go for it. junkyard turbo builds on civics are really simple. parts and swap parts are plentiful and there is some competition in the market which is driving prices down. hardest part is finding a good civic hatch/coupe to start
there was a one posted waaaaaaay back where the pictures of cam was actual camshafts and orion replaced cam with chow, i searched for it but could not find it. i think it was posted in a comment thread.

i think youre remembering that one 
this is incredible

previous one https://www.reddit.com/r/HaggardGarage/comments/6tah2s/friendship_ended/
He answers almost all the questions posted in his video threads here. Even if it has nothing to do with the video. 
yep, they understand car humor. the video where the guy was buying the other guys mustang used was a perfect parody from what i see when lowballers see cars in person
wow TIL thats fucking cool
i wish the designs were related to the ricermiata
yeah until the suspension breaks
theres absolutely no correlation between the two. maybe truck enthusiasts and a few drag racers but thats about it
youre right but thats a neon srt4. that car is fast
they have no legal trouble at all because they are not saying that this car is road legal/able to pass inspection/mot/safety etc
it doesnt take a scientist to figure out how reddit works. all it takes is one mistake and the hivemind will fight tooth and nail to paint you in a bad light.

 theres many examples of this across literally every fan subreddit but an example we all know of is how people fawned over cam while orion made stupid decisions but now we see how unmotivated cam is to work
its terrible. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2eR9q8NMTE skip to 9:30
i kinda saw this coming, but rudnik fully well knew how shot the chassis is so i thought he wouldn't try to give this away. i feel bad for the guy who wins and decides to actually try to make it roadworthy.

also the drz giveaway with the Junk. stickers was successful partly due to how the junk thing was a meme of the mint brand. i bought a junk sticker even though i dont live in a country that was eligible for the drz because the sticker is fire. these stickers are just entries to the giveaway more than being a cool sticker to have. 

they could have designed a cool sticker from past events involving the ricermiata like when he spent back-to-back videos trying to blow it up but instead its just forgettable designs.
get a volvo or a lexus
yeah they are just touching 9-10k for ones with around 200,000km and are clapped out. 
Yep, he played Live for Speed 
You have to sign up for their order list, and prove to them that youre a legitimate racing team and show them results from your team in official races to buy one
at least it wasnt the neon
[rx7](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--uJlX5XP_--/c_scale,f_auto,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/1379927743538342828.jpg), [e46](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/2000-2003_BMW_330Ci_\(E46\)_coupe_\(2011-07-17\)_02.jpg) is timeless. look at those stock and look at a [mk4 golf](http://www.vwvortex.com/gallery/albums//Volkswagen/Golf%20-%20GTI%20-%20Rabbit/Golf%20IV/Golf%20-%20USA/01.jpg). 

if youre gonna tell me that the golf belongs in the same category for timeless designs then you should see if your monitor is plugged in. and i know these are the most unappealing pictures of these cars
If they dont stock the "cancerous brands" that you mentioned they would go bankrupt within a month
link to the deal?
can we switch back to the haggardgarage theme
lmao @ the new title
i wonder why mike is editing on the workbench by the window when not too long ago they bought a desk and placed it in the corner that he was set to edit at in the shop
Holy shit thats an insane amount of money for parking. I thought my $40/mo in addition to rent is decent for my apartment near toronto which is underground and heated.


 That amount is the same I pay for insurance for myself!
It already is with these videos being posted here

We need some drama to liven things up on this sub

yeah idk whats OP talkin about, maybe he should try posting in /r/potatosalad 
still hard to distinguish, but i understand that you want to keep with the aesthetic of the subreddit css. it's hard to find the balance, maybe make fresh links haggard mint green?
he has RES, its just a checkmark away
just make it super purple
6 to 2 is a great shift but you are right waking up early sucks. I switched to 7-3 and theres still a notable amount of traffic from everyone else who works morning shifts. The worst is leaving at 3. 
yeah you right, i got my memory mixed up
yeah i just lurk here and i see the deal posted yesterday on two 8GB sticks of ddr4 3000MHz memory for around $140. unreal how much these memory guys are cashing in right now from the tsunami that happened years ago
Why tho? Some mall meet? 
there is but to a certain extent. public lobbies in assetto corsa or iracing have contact and its very much like real life minus actually losing bumpers or doors but if you crash into a wall the car just stops in the wall or very rarely just sends the car into space. there is damage models ranging from aerodynamics to engine failure but they are not visual save for some smoke coming out of the back of the car or a wheel falling off
racing sims dont bother to code individual parts that fly off when you crash so when you do crash into something all the forward momentum of the car goes literally nowhere sending the car spiraling into space in the game while in arcade racers like need for speed the cars have cool crash animations and damage models.
great eye champ, now this is a stellar deal
damn that v70r in the background at 11:10
This was posted yesterday
volvo s60r
i love high revving engines, and road car v10s like the e60 m5 and this m6 are amazing. but when formula 1 were using v10s back in the day, the symphony they produced was something else. only car that comes close to making the sound f1 did in the past is the LFA. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqYPU3MNqHw
yeah he shit talked our subreddit as a whole and is overall a functioning retard but the hivemind changes so quick here.
those wheels are sick
at least we know orion can still edit decently
wonder where he messed up to be buying a bunch of soil and fish to pour in a hacked up office water cooler bottle and have some kid get excited about the flow of the water in said office water cooler bottle 
much more useful to take 2 mins to read a summary than watch a 20 minute video. its community driven
haha i wish the r's are worth that much. v70rs rarely dip below 10s, and those are the 2004-2005 models 
its a summary my guy
truer words have never been spoken. i joined reddit to use that sub but i grew out of it. there seems to be too many armchair experts on that sub and it hurts my brain to see. 
holy doug swore so much back then
huge discussion thread over at /r/formula1 in regards to this race
 
https://np.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/7dqntv/ot_well_this_just_happend_in_macau/
90% of these replies are so unrealistic
prostreet emphasized heavily on grip racing, which would have worked out if the driving dynamics are actually decent. the game was absolutely horrible, with a ton of bugs at release and the driving physics trying to be a simracer but fails. carbon and most wanted were true need for speed games which had arcade driving physics and over the top police chases. 
lmao you cant even use prostreet in the same sentence as carbon or 2005 most wanted. 
His family is fucking rich my guy
hes rev matching when hes not even in neutral or clutch in. like he knows what to do and his fundamentals are correct but the order is all messed up. and i kinda understand why upshifts were slow, those throws are long and it looks like it takes some force to get it into gear.
the gofundme made me think ill of him
lol his posts remind me of the shit you see on facebook with RANDOMLY capitalizing words to get his POINT across
wow quangang not paying you enough huh?
sick
Yorkdale?
if you want to track the car having a legal cage already saves $1500. the rest of orions mods are complete shit like the hydro but the legal cages done by reputable shops add more value
Very rare make. Clean title, great as a project or part out. Cash in hand, no liens. Dont bother to lowball, I know what I have.
* daddy o
* onana

ornament already won imo
paging /u/THX_1169 

safe bet is that it isnt
>10% of them are active

we averaged around 80,000 pageviews a day during drama like the strange planet takeover, thats much much more than 10%
shoutout to all the people who are giving orion a different name like oreo, ornan etc. its hilarious
Agreed. Tommy is the psychological game 
i never see comments for livestreams here, just for the old outro to return

and noone will really be excited for the future plans because your current plans are already interesting enough to watch. you have the fd paint restoration, the k20 miata, the 323, more mods for the fd, the skyline etc. thats enough content to get you through to summer
i did monky londons patreon for some months and i honestly didn't see the point of paying something like 5 dollars for the content. the patron q&as had the exact same questions, the "future plans" were revealed in a video within the same week. i also didnt live in the UK so i never got to use the monky london ride alongs that he offered. id wager to say it was a really bad decision. 

i personally dont see the point of paying to see whats going on in your life. all these secrets will be revealed in due time, you already are doing q&as and what cool stuff would you post that you already havent shared here? 
oh my god you just sent me into the lil pump reddit wormhole that i completely missed. thank you 

https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/74kyor/fresh_album_lil_pump_lil_pump/
i mean 2012 was a great season with seven different winners in the first seven races, and it did come down to brazil where vettel got damaged on the first lap and had to slice his way through a ever worsening rainy interlagos to stay ahead of alonso in points and win the championship
I'm really excited for the detailing videos. I loved the ammo restoration of larrys porsche, and while they wont go into the same detail as larry did by removing the entire windshield to get rid of a tiny bit of rust from the a pillar, it still will be very interesting to see.
kind of a late reply, but volvo has some incredible brakes. these brakes generate so much heat during an emergency stop that they are pretty much required to get an overhaul done so it can break properly again. daf and man etc dont see the point of requiring an overhaul of brakes for emergency braking like this, so they just dont bother with the technology, which keeps the cost of their trucks lower than volvo. also literally every truck manufacturer has abs as standard in europe
where was this?
the pt cruiser turbo is stupid fun, have you driven one?

they put the neon srt4 engine into the something as miserable as a pt cruiser, and made it very fast in a straight line
what a dumb way to save face

"hey we included these heros that are unlockable at a really expensive cost!

oh no the playerbase hate us, lets lower the cost of the heros so it looks like we did something good!"

the reddit ama will be a shitshow
it always was my guy
he did say that he wants to take the wheels off and check the bearings. I didnt include that in the summary because I doubt hes gonna do it, and if he does hes probably gonna do it wrong and make a 10 minute video about it
what the fuck is going on in this thread
two seconds on google brings up this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyLLhMWDaKA

july 24th 2017
i have no idea also, he has his stance on strange planet which i agree with and he gets personally called out by tommy so the whole sub turned on him. he played it well though, and memed his way out of making an alt account to shitpost here.
summary

* onion wants to clean the trailer. didnt clean it since lock city drift canaan. trailer floor is getting cleaned from all the oil from leaking cars, and he wants to paint the floor grey so its not an eyesore

* some shots of him hosing down the trailer

* onana looks at the damage that the outside gas generator went through and goes to lowes to get some stuff to fix the damage done to the generator mounting bracket and some paint for the trailer floor

* caleb and binlyin spends two minutes of the video shopping at walmart and lowes

* onrun is scrubbing the shit out of the trailer floor with purple power and a brush while chow removes the tv frame mount that they used for the road trip where they camped in the trailer

* my guy spends a quality 60 seconds of the video outlining how he is going to paint the floor of the trailer, he starts painting and is amazed at how great the trailer floor looks after painting over the oil leaks from the lmtc and other failed haggard projects

* they finish painting the inside and they clean the outside while the paint dries, he finishes up the trailer part of the video by redoing the generator mount and fixes the damage it had


 **future plans**  

* he is deciding to choose to build the lexus OR build something similar to calebs pro drift car. 

* he admits that he is going to do the full s-chassis, big powerful motor for his pro car and the lexus will be worked on with little stuff being done to it.

* mentions that he wants a pro car now, he drove calebs and it was a crazy experience and he wants his own. its gonna be quicker than building the lexus

* the lexus will get put together in due time, he mentions that he doesnt want to spend so much money just on the engine alone, he mentions seats as a possible mod that they can do to the car (there is no seats in it currently)

*  "i'm not gonna give up on the lexus, its not gonna sit here" - orion dajnowizsoviec 2017



>Question.

 >Unless something crazy happens, do you think cams car will ever run?

> Another day/week/month has passed with nothing.

> No progress made whatsoever.

> Getting the brakes on (upside down) was the last thing he did I think. 

>Also taking the trans on and off did nothing.

> Now, I don't want to be pessimistic here, but it's not looking promising.

> Getting it running should be his top priority when he returns from vacation, do you agree?

read the first letter of every sentence

netgear youve always been the king of shitposting
hes a tool

https://www.reddit.com/r/HaggardGarage/comments/75m3o4/hey_damian/
that example of building something is very cute but this is formula 1. you have ferrari, mercedes and renault competing against each other in power units. why on earth would anyone help the other teams in engine development? this is all hondas fault, and alonso is a competitive driver who wants to see results but he cant deliver simply because of how unreliable/uncompetitive the car is. he cant do anything about it which is where his anger comes from. 

>  But instead of laughing at you, these people could give constructive criticism. They tell you to use less glue next time, and some even help you, give you tips and tricks. And with that you retain your confidence, as you can apply learned tricks.

how can this apply in formula 1? you expect alonso/the press to know how these power units work and offer improvements? ridiculous. 
mod list?
!isbot guy990
if its anything like modern logistic companies, the driver has a set amount of time to deliver x amount of packages. if they don't get that done in that amount of time, they get reprimanded. sounds like nothing is wrong with that right? well greedy upper management wants their region to look good when it comes to the annual review so they set impossible goals to the drivers (for example delivering 260 packages to a townhouse neighborhood within 4 hours).



the drivers, well the smart ones atleast, would realize that upper management is fucking stupid and is forced report that noone was home so they don't waste time waiting for someone to open the door, sign the package (if needed) so they just write that noone was home, slip the notice under the door and go to the next house. in doing so, they save like 2min per household which adds up to a lot. 

this is all info given to me from a driver i had to chase because i had car parts i ordered and the company reported that I wasnt home for the delivery twice. third time I saw the canada post van pull up and had the slip saying I wasn't home in his hand instead of the package. I opened the door when he was like 3 steps away from my door and confronted him. The driver was a good guy and told me straight this is what happens and he really cant do anything. i asked him why just not try to see if I was home but he said that my package would be too much of a hassle to load off the truck and bring it here and that would waste too much time


not this specific video but something similar about john cena and his gt was posted here a while back https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/6b4q5w/john_cena_auto_geek_cena_talks_about_his_2006/
Q U A L I T Y
Anyone know where I can buy my own helmet so I dont have to use the facilities?
summary: 

* chris wants to get rid of the ricermiata (whole video is him talking about why its a burden and he doesnt need it anymore)

* montage of the ricermiata starts at (6:30)


His cousin is literally damien levels of retarded 
>It was a bit of a gut check.

Could not have said it better. Great post. 
it seems that this sub cant go a week without someone stirring the pot and creating drama. im just here for the meme competition
>they are NOT internet people

>goes out there way to modify CSS to disable downvoting in the /r/haggardracing subreddit

lmao 
funny how they ignore these questions but reply within like 5 minutes to any SP drama 
lol they purposefully disabled downvotes in that sub and tried so hard to make an echochamber for that sub which just died out due to orion going on this sub and getting butthurt over what we were saying. unreal
im trying my best to keep an open mind to this but strange planet acted very badly in the past and i dont see any reason why they would mature. sucks to be a tommyfyeah and rudnick fan today
thanks
can we do a collab effort to have a little 2 line explanation of the meme and keep it in our wiki or should they just be left as inside jokes for this sub. im willing to explain the memes post-cornwall
summary:

* chris does a burnout in the skyline to start the video. he is going to add a bracket to the snorkeler and said he's going to keep the snorkel design to shun all the butthurts in the comments, and he is going to work on the skyline

* he hints that the 4door skyline is getting some JDM goodies but first he has to do a full detail of the interior, video transitions to some editied divine media clips of rudnick removing the front seats and struggling with the rear seats

* vacuums the whole interior with the new shop vac then wipes the whole interior from the dash to the doors, more edited divine clips of him cleaning

* he reveals that he is installing tommys old front and rear gtr seats. the front seat has a tear that he is going to get reupholstered in the future

* more clips of the gtr seat conversion 

* the front seats have heavy stains on the inside cushion of the seat so rudnick attempts to remove the stains by using some sort of carpet cleaner aerosol can with a brush attachment, he suggests flex tape to get rid of the stain

* cuts to chris testing the new gtr seats in the rain, get the rudnick "chef excellence" - esqe seal of approval, does some mad street drifting while they go to taco bell to eat and come back at the shop

* he starts work on the forester by doing a full detail on the interior. rudnick reveals that he is going to daily the forester for the winter and wants to install a hydro to improve winter drifting and offroading 

* aftershots of a freshly detailed forester

* chris closes the video by showing the additional brace he installed for the snorkler and more plans to further enhance the structural rigidity of a 3ft tall piece of plastic. he's going to bring the forester to desanti for more mods, video ends 




 
aggressive onion meme was awesome
really? it looks like horizon 4 imo which isn't a bad thing for modern games
what happened to the driver of the eclipse? did he get jail time? and his car crushed? can't imagine how it would feel to build a car like that and have it all taken away from you after the first few hours on the new build
was the r34 headlight thing scripted? or are 350z really not that well known in aus?

also this build could be so much better if the ITBs came in, but it sucks they had such a small timeframe for this.
Awesome summary
me and my group of friends see instagram as a photo app and we all posts pictures, a portfolio of yourself some might say. some people use expensive cameras and edit their photos just to upload them to instagram. snapchat is to send funny videos of stuff you see/do on a day-to-day basis and is much less serious than instagram.
will was very active in rudnicks videos, his girlfriend was not. will was in almost every video when chris was at the kent shop, and was infront of the camera doing stupid challenges like the 2 year old lipgloss challenge. rudnicks girl was the person behind the camera and very rarely she talked on the camera. she got shy to be on camera one day and the other day she would be doing rudnicks outro for him. then since rudnik got the new shop we havent seen her. 

i dont see a reason for this thread
idk about you but i watch and care about the car content on chris' channel, not his girlfriend. 
Yeah for a while RES used some formula to show a estimate vote count for upvotes and downvotes using the total vote count and the percent but they got rid of it for a while now 
great video. this is crazy in-depth and would introduce a lot of the tech part of youtube to doug demuro. wonder what /r/teslamotors would say about this 
i wish we could still see upvote/downvote counts on posts
same here, but that's with all my games. I got the ferrari car pack that came with the 2017 formula 1 car and the god-tier F2004 and man I can't get enough of that v10 scream. no other vehicle can produce a sound that's as good as that machine. but then my parts came in for my car so I installed them and my simracing setup has been collecting dust ever since.
I agree 100% these threads have been around since the subreddit came back alive during the grand marquee build and literally nothing happens. If OP feels like he wants to rant, post it in the video thread. 
Is the service good? Im up for an upgrade and public mobile was very compelling. Im with wind (freedom moblie) and service sucks if you go anywhere. I get great service in Vaughn but it sucks when I go to brampton or hamilton. The coverage map on their website doesnt help also
stock the gtr wins because of just how the suspension and chassis is setup. with HICAS (all-wheel steering) it helped the gtr incredibly in mid-cornering. in addition  to that, there is much more chassis rigidity compared to the s13. but since you said built there can be no clear winner since there are plentiful parts for both platforms and no clear definition of "built"

i really think if david patterson would like to make his car into a track monster, he would just need to improve the way the car handles. better tires for the rear, a roll bar to reduce flex while cornering and some aero components like a front bumper with a splitter and a rear spoiler and diffuser would help his car be much much better on the track, maybe a undertray to help the diffuser. and obviously new brakes that actually make his car stop. his engine has a very linear powerband when he's on it which is great for any competitive racing. the way his car sits right now there really is no way to fine tune his car to win the challenge. you can do all the suspension adjustments you can and try different setups but without chassis and brake/tire upgrades you won't be competitive to rob's corvette or tommy's gtr.
the whole problem sounds like a problem with the governing body, not the teams. put an upper limit on what teams can spend, standardize stuff that isn't just safety, and make proper feeder series. just look how all other forms of motorsport work, the easiest example being formula 1 and the FIA superlicense 
yeah just the whole fundamentals of pouring out chemicals into a tin can and somehow all the odors get lifted out from everything and come back into the can? and it takes on color also? unless it's hooked up to the hvac somehow, i dont understand how it works. i'd love to see a video but this guy is tight-lipped about it
rob dahm was doing a video on sema 2017 and was telling a story about how he was telling a guy about his 4 rotor and his projected power output which is around 2000hp and the guy thought dahm was saying "4runner" instead of "4 rotor"
with how the shop is laid out and theres two glass garage doors that are going to showcase his imported builds onto the main road, i think that he's still trying to get into importing cars and this shop was a huge factor in that
i really think haggard fucked themselves by getting the lexus back. the whole storyline just peaked when they got it back, now they just have to build it and drift it. some might say that's where the story starts, but the gs has already seen a build, albeit not a legit one. 

wonder what's the next drama move from haggard, is orion going to quick release cam? 
You enjoy you chow, I appreciate that you still browse this sub
This is the type of shitposting we need
will was fun at first because he was the fun kid in all the videos who would get roasted by others, acting like the scapegoat. we kinda expected him to grow up and mature into a passion with cars but now he just smokes weed with devin and I see why chris would not care for him. will doesnt care about cars and it's understandable, he still is young
youve been on reddit for this long and you still get mad over downvotes? i didn't even downvote you
relax kid its not that serious
lovely shots man, thanks for sharing
such a nice wagon!
I hate these threads because it's just people own tastes in music but need for speed underground 2, most wanted (2005), tony hawk pro skater 3 and outrun 2 is the best driving songs. Another taste would be the hotline miami OST. 
Its much more than lowering springs my guy. 
i hope he does, if you watch his videos you can see on the floor where the post that's near tommys shop is leaking hydraulic fluid all the time
yeah mr spaghetti did some real disrespect to tommy by acting like he wasn't there. rob's acting like the kid who ignores the one guy at the party that was only invited cus people told the host that he should come. what's even weirder is that tommy has been on spaghetti's podcast before, so it's no like it's their first time meeting each other.
which onboard was that? all f1 engines produce peak power at around 11200rpm
yeah people seem to forget that running around 1400hp in an engine that small pretty much requires a engine rebuild after qualifying, that simply isn't possible with todays rules enforcing that there is only so much ICE's and components you can use for the entire season let alone race weekend
Jesus christ $20,000!?
thank god tags dont work on titles of posts, this post sucks. just wait kid
thanks for linking this, this is great 
you gotta spell confirmed correctly my guy 
why is this here, use /r/cars 

also apparently noone read that this swap is only available to race-legal cars, not street cars, and in order to be eligible to buy this motor you have to prove that you own/operate a race team and they want to see race results from governing bodies. 
should have used a breaker bar and a hammer to take off the intercooler
the girl helping big white and chris did more work in this video than cam did in like a week lmao
bought a kayfun 5 clone and a coil building set among other things from /u/reid31kk
I didnt even knew subway served carrots 
Ho boy rudnick what have you done
Any more pictures?
You may not like it, but this is what peak performance sounds like. 
Yeah thats what I was thinking. After getting my current phone (BlackBerry priv in november 2015) nothing coming out really interested me since this phone has a pkb. Then lately I watched the improvements they made in iOS and its really on par with android. When you decide to share a photo in gallery it has the same functionality as android does, which wasnt the case when I was up for an upgrade (around when the nexus 4 came out). Some apps on iOS are simply better than their android counterpart (snapchat, instagram etc) but android has an abundance of reddit apps and a bunch of gallery apps for example. They also come up to the same price where I live so I guess ill wait another year and make a decision then
He does have a point, travel above 100mph in any car from the barstow to the bmw 4 series copy and see the hood and door flex at high speed. Road cars dont do this
As someone who has been a lifelong android user (since android 2.3 on a wildfire s) and was thinking about switching to iphone, this is a great post. I dont think I could go a day using the official reddit app. Reddit is fun dark theme with the amoled background is the greatest. The official reddit app is so bad in comparison. I just got it to get the three months worth of gold
why get tommy attention specifically? what will he add to this conversation? just be thankful that he still uses reddit after all the dumb stuff people tag him in on this site
i swear ive seen this shot before
Was it expensive?
farah with the best line ever: "This steering wheel... That was probably $300 and it looks like it was $12.99 at Autozone. That is the ugliest thing Momo has ever made, and I include their outfits."
didnt missle miata help put with the little miata that could and donated parts off of his turbo miata in an effort to get that junk car running?
this kid cant even spell orion right why are you even bothering replying to him

hes clearly one of the fools who came from the youtube comment section and doesn't have enough mental capacity to post something meaningful 
except any honda odyssey from 1999-2003 with the transmission failure
new cars do, old cars do not.
Can someome fix the automessage to spell the word "because" right 
https://i.redd.it/2m5ufyk1btbz.png
shit you right
thats why you never do stuff for your family
yeah i dont get the point of the cornerbalance forum thing. that forum was so trash to use compared to reddit
how did you even find this sub! best of luck, the viewers are the real winners though lets be honest
Perfect phone background. I love shots in this aspect rario
Boom
those are very common in my area. its a very fun car with too much power stock but the interior is junk
majority of my knowledge of e36s come from tommyfyeah lol
Really nice starter kit for a good price. I'd buy but i already purchased a starter kit off here and a whole lot of stuff from fasttech. For anyone who wants to save money from buying replacement coils for subohm tanks, this kit is something you should look for
Why stop at 2011?
Or if hes going through all the effort to do this just go for the next level and get a proper racing simulator like assetto corsa or automoblista
Shots were sick but I would prefer a camera mounted somewhere in the car so we can see steering input and the track over the reaction of the drivers
You know you didnt have to do that 
2004-2007 Volvo V70 T5 Manual. I saw a video on youtube that a dealership in new zealand were selling it, and I didnt know you can get this combination. Ive been looking for years to find one in my area.

Also an e36 without a sunroof. Both not highly desired by the market though
The arco is a great tank. The wattage is up there for a sub-ohm tank but the flavor and the vapor is great for what you get. And the coils do last a significant time longer compared to other sub-ohm tanks. Nice choice OP
>tbh it really fucking hurts my head when I read all the comments

theres your problem
his best cop moments will still be one of my all time favorites. 
i would agree but the response in the comments from when they revealed the junk sticker for the drz giveaway, people loved it. plus realistically tommy&co would be foolish to release a junk brand just for this sub
you actually linked a to 4chan board on reddit. i've never seen anyone do that before in all my years on reddit
ill take it if its still up
where are you located? any year 8th gen sedans get sold quick lol the ads don't even last a week in my area
that reveal was killer. nice to look back at the progress they both made from that video to now. 

also my favorite video has to be the one where tommy and co just fuck around in the pulsar. tommy and grant are a fire combo that we dont see as often as before. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqirKTZYvJw
Eagerly awaiting the roadtrip footage of it.

I'd say theres at least 10 cumbies on the way to florida. That means 10 chances to do a combo cumbies vlog PLUS a pointless "filling up the van with diesel" clip in the same video! In addition to that, Bin'lyin can calculate the MPG he is getting in real time, and can tell us multiple times that he is h y p e r m i l i n g the van while on the highway.

Great content awaits those who still watch haggard
with this one going for $50k for a one-owner 31,000 mile R2 FD, i wonder how much tommy paid for his imported one
yeah the cars are waay too floaty. fortunately you can add in "racing" suspension to every car that supports it and have a ton of adjustments, from dampening to ride height. game is still a fun crash simulator though
im not so sure about the e46 with the well-documented subframe issues
shoutout to whoever got rid of the over-the-top flaring on new posts. it started looking like a certain controversial sub in here
you set the bar too high

these fools will never come close to the consistency and quality of your memes
at that point its just hot water an a shit ton of sugar
dude hats off to whoever did the graphic. the little details like the guns are a very nice touch
I was looking to buy a fa5 sedan.

 - 2007-2008 has transmission problems in which the shift from 2nd-3rd would lock out or grind. This is a common problem. 2009-2011 do not have problems with shifting. 

 - This car takes Premium fuel so refuels are expensive. 

 - Clear coat failure only occurs on cars painted black.

 - Expect around 24MPG highway while driving around 108-110kmh, the 6th gear really helps. Staying out of VTEC (revving past 6800RPM) helps also

 - Clutch wear depends on the owner and how they drive. This clutch is very on-off, and finding the biting point can be tricky when you start driving.

Also, that guy is asking waay too much for that car. Clean 2008 coupes go for $8,000 flat at the same mileage. That price can get you a very clean 2010 Si sedan with around 90k kms in my area (toronto, ontario)


yeah i guess the crew rolled to the meet together. no cam though
see what tommy said. will is just a stonebag https://www.reddit.com/r/HaggardGarage/comments/76vijm/reddit_is_basically_my_patreon_without_the_income/dohii0j/
have a link to the mod? or is it the vnl730 mod already on workshop?
https://www.reddit.com/r/HaggardGarage/comments/75m3o4/hey_damian/

hes a tool
that worker was PISSED
Thats a new car with a production team and parts ready to do the rebuild. I doubt the buyer for this formula 1 engine would pay to have it shipped to Mugen headquarters in Japan every 800kms. 
How would the reliability be? Engine rebuild after every 800kms? Who would do it?
How are they not gonna release more junk stickers smh 😤
With you on the sticker part.
No junk stickers?? 
dude i remember that. i was reading this post and thought we had someone post this earlier but man that was 8 months ago
he has every right to be salty after the burnout competition between him and haggard

edit: heres his response to it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtsutReO_vk&t=20m52s
right? an identical house is for sale in markham for 800k. 800k!! in markham! where there is nothing to do except to drive 2 hours to get to anywhere interesting!
Tommy wont know, Ill email divine himself
Im talking about a flickr or something where I can get the full resolution shot.
whos ajax? 
MAN this video tells a lot about orion. He was very frustrated in this rant, and he was struggling to get his only point across. We get it, you "bust your ass all day" and "we don't appreciate what you do". He does say that he has to take care of everyone in the house though. this video is 15 minutes of orion ranting

Also at 1:49 "everyone thinks this is a big fucking joke" [xd](https://i.imgur.com/bFpGutb.jpg)
what would we gain from this though? this sub already knows how much orion likes to lie and we circlejerk over his stupidity. 
i'm being pedantic but rudnick did not buy a 4 door GT-R because they don't exist. he bought a skyline gt-t
forreal. i'd love to have a full shot of it. does he have a profile where he posts all of his photos?
holy shit we have a new meme guys. all posts on the front page so far has been great
dude i completely understand. i have a brand new in box zowie fk1 ready to go when the one im using breaks. nothing beats plug and play simpleness which is what the fk1 and intellimouse has.

and ha i'll pass, noone should take used mouses
holy shit id trade you my zowie fk1 for that intellimouse 
I got my junk sticker (ontario, canada) I wanna order more but its sold out. Hope you guys sell more junk stickers
[dildo coilover install](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG7RcZqpzB4) 
dude how do you use reddit for so long and not learn how to reply to anyone? also q&a videos are always boring. much better to type out the responses in a AMA format 
We already have a thread like this with over 60 comments why did you feel the need to make another thread
Unbelievable. He knows his welds are junk and he cant take the heat from it. Dumbass should actually improve his skillset then waste time over justifying his terrible welding skills to people who would never go to him in the first place. 
Still doesn't know how to reply to people lol
Kinda expected, he really doesnt like that miata. Or cars in general, he has no passion. His miata has been sitting outside chris' shop for months, and he worked on it for like less than five days. 
The real MVP here. We need this for every thread
bought pharaoh RTA from /u/ippo4ever
I wonder if its easy to install
Thats cool to know, thanks for sharing. 

I play euro truck sim 2 and american truck sim and I have never seen the traction control kick in ever in my 700 hours across both games. Then again, there is no snow in those games so I guess the developers never thought of implementing that function. 
TIL trucks have traction control
What year was the car and when was this? 10k for a dirty title genesis is crazy
Right? I thought summer reddit was over. Not even worth posting in this sub with all the low-effort posts here
we have the discussion thread for stuff like this
A P E X     


S E A L S
oh lol. shame he only posts in /r/haggardgarage, its like he doesn't know how big reddit is and how many communities there are.
tommyfd?
When I built my pc (4690k, r9 380) all I did was play csgo and euro truck sim 2 for a year straight until I started playing gta v and beam.ng (much more demanding games)
whatever it is, it looks comfy and cozy
/r/toolporn sounds like something youd like
nice to see spencer back in the videos, and the forester is coming along nicely.
streamable, mixtape.moe
if I saw this i'd find the owner and make an offer
clearly OP has never worked on a car in the rust belt in his life

like cmon anyone with a brain would see that the rotor still has some life in it, cam probably got those parts for free
any more pics? that looks super photoshopped 
Pm'd about pharaoh
i agree. even the movement is nowhere near the level of counter strike. counter-strafing is terrible in pubg
why do people think that this sub is a personal line to tommy i will never know
ty for the summary, always nice to see these still being done
How much was it?
It doesnt have a steering wheel or seats, aka its too much work to fix as cam would say
yeah more like 650 after he sent it and rebuilt it. still insane for a gutted civic hatch. easily 10 second car
someone flair this "very mild"
as someone who doesnt know the market on miatas, how much would this be worth? a stock 92 miata with abs and a viscous with 160k miles (judging off of 12:19 in the video, hard to tell but it looks like a 6) and a bit of wear and tear from years of driving it. 
Aw I really wanted to see a tesla dynograph but you linked the f10 m5 twice. 
You do have a point, people who post vids miss the title completely.  However, posts are slow in this sub anyways so it would still make front page
pm'd about peerless 


edit: peerless is still up for sale
i assume its the compound in florida, check this wikipedia article about it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Compound
I see your point but rudnick is also a "kid" by your definition and look at his quality of life compared to orion. Also, this sub is never always negative unless youre actually looking for those negative comments. If you want to see only positive comments, go look at the dildo coilover install. Pretty much every video after that was not that good, which warrants the negative comments calling out haggard for making terrible videos. 
He never put the songs he used in his own vlogs in the description and never replies to youtube comments so I really dont care for him
Great idea for this thread. As for some discussion, I wonder what the winter bulds are gonna be for everyone. Chris is set on building his foz to be a battle wagon type of car, haggard has the death kart and thats all I know of. 
check pacificcoastauto on youtube then, they do a tour of JDM legends that are about to get imported to customers in the states and its very nice to watch
dude is this the new aggressive meme
If youre pushing only 200hp out of a turbo four then it isnt impressive. 
Lol you completely missed my point. Nice way to read what fits your narrative kiddo
rip video title
yeah coming into this thread i thought the UI would be a mess of unresponsiveness and poor choice but it seems very responsive aside from when they tried to expand the radio and it didn't register three times in a row.
this happens in every single industry. PC hardware, video games, music, phones etc and you can't do anything about it except to ignore the hype and wait for the long term review. hype is a very dangerous thing and ultimately sets everyone up for disappointment 
what a dumb saying. i never met hitler but i still hate him. history tells me enough to know about the guy and i can say that i hate him. same case with orion
this comment is the deepest shade youve ever thrown at haggard
why are we still giving this guy attention
Just an fyi if you turn off storage permission then you lose the ability to save snaps into memories 
I like the colours and the jacket, but I have to ask. What part of this is racing themed? This is just normal streetwear. I watch a lot of motorsports and generally the drivers are in collared tees as well with the rest of the team. If they aren't wearing that, they are wearing their race suit which is plastered with sponsors.
and thats much more cooler than a crv
you right, satisfying is the wrong word. interesting is more like it.
it's something to do so you don't spend time thinking that your loved one isn't with you anymore
[this song from a sad moment in futurama](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrmFA5aHg7Y)
yeah its really satisfying to know that our tiny sub base of just 3,000 people is enough to get to him compared to the 500k subs on haggard and his 87.5k followers on instagram saying much more worse stuff to him directly on a unmoderated platform. 
what the fuck is that cop on? pay a little more attention to other drivers? they hammer this into you in drivers ed to only pay attention to whats ahead of you. fuck all of that, fuck that jeep driver being a dick. good on tommy for keeping his cool, id be crushed. 

i don't know whos more stupid, that cop for that unnecessary comment of the jeep driver who said that the gt-r was behind him. 
man i havent watched a haggard video in months and i watched this to see orion whine and all i can say is what the fuck happened to him. compared to the rolintwinturbo vlogs last year this is a completely different person. 
I will never understand why people use f1 engines in an argument about reliability. Those engines just have to last a race weekend, the production engines have to last the life of the car. 
then rudnick following it up lol
generally speaking if it has been kept up with maintenance then it would not be problematic. when I was looking for e46s every forum post and video recommended to drain all the fluids and replace them, do subframe bushings and overhaul the cooling system. that's a lot of money in parts and labor. and after completing that just general parts that are genuine BMW are pretty expensive compared to subaru or other competitors. this video is really helpful and goes over everything you need to know when buying a used e46 bmw **https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4zo2wUH9pI**

and I agree with the point about the legacy GT being expensive, I live in canada also and they are pretty expensive or reasonabl priced. I've been looking for years and I'd say there was around 20 legacy GTs for sale that was actually worth looking (manual and under 150kms). there was a very clean 2006 legacy GT with a 5 speed for $6500 plus licensing and HST (tax) for sale and was sold for less than 3 days after it was posted, while another 2006 legacy GT sedan with double the kms is going for $11000 and isn't sold. just have to know the market
[Volvo FH16](http://www.volvotrucks.com.au/content/dam/volvo/volvo-trucks/masters/euro-6/volvo-fh-series/volvo-fh16/2324x1200-volvo-fh16-mountain-reflection.jpg)
sounds like a a bmw sedan with a x in its name would be suited for you. however, bmw maintenance on the car I would recommend (e46 325xi/330xi) is a nightmare and isn't worth it imo. have you considered the legacy gt? those are also in the same price bracket but you will get a newer car (2006-2009). turbo boxer four, subarus awd, maintenance that isn't a headache (aside from headgaskets if you decide to tune it) and can be had in a manual.
manual legacy GT wagons are so rare though, if you find one then might aswell buy a lottery ticket
* **Location:** ontario, canada (specifically gta)

* **Price range:** 8-9k canadian

* **New or used:** used

* **Type of vehicle:** sedan

* **Must haves:** not that specific 

* **Desired transmission:** manual

* **Intended use:** daily driver

* **Vehicles you've already considered:** 2008 volvo v70, 2008 volvo s40 t5, 2007-2011 acura csx (type s also considered), 2009 cobalt ss turbo 4 door

* **Is this your 1st vehicle:** yes

* **Does the vehicle need to have a warranty:** nah

* **Can you do Minor work on your own vehicle:**  yes

* **Can you do Major work on your own vehicle:** nope

* **Additional Notes:** there is one csx-s thats on sale for $5k with 109kms on it and is a 2007 but its been sitting for a year. The other csx I considered is a 2009, has 120kms on it and is a 5 speed with a normal k20 for $8k. The cobalt has 141kms for $8k also. The volvo v70 wagon has 159kms on it and is $8500 but has the adjustable suspension which is very expensive to repair. And the s40 is a manual 6 speed for $8500 with 135kms. I was considering the acura csx non s since its very reliable compared to the other two.  
     
Dude thats delivery miles holy!
same generation but the one that user linked is a 2001 model. they added various chrome trims and changed the steering wheel multiple times for that generation s60.
too fucking much 
thanks
dude slaptrain barely gets over 100k video views, doesn't have a clothing store and lives in a house in toronto. tj gets much much more views on his videos and has a whole clothing brand behind him. you can't say "nobody wants to see that" when the video views alone tell you otherwise. 

don't get me wrong, peter is a great guy. i met him at a vqnorth meet and i told him i only watch his vlogs since it's more about him then the games he plays and he really appreciated that.
ive never seen anyone rep his shirts on /r/streetwear
when I see those giant smokestacks I just think to myself "how can you drive long haul and deal with that sound for so much hours every day"
one of the best posts ever to grace this sub
how do you have so much autism that when something doesnt work you spam the fuck out of send 
the f1 engines can rev to 15k rpm but they do not due to fuel rules. peak power is at 11,000rpm
shes on and off with being on camera. some days shes leading the videos and giving the commentary instead of chris and other days she hides herself from the camera.
right? spend at least a second on /r/instantbarbarians and most of the posts are from people around that age
>A few years ago, a friend who is one of the founders of Tire Rack, presented me with a custom made set of OZ rims made especially for the car in Italy ( five rims ) mounted with the best Michelin Super Sport tires.

im sure you read the original jalopnik article about this car already but incase you havent heres a link http://jalopnik.com/this-completely-unmolested-nissan-240sx-has-676-miles-a-1800962999

that quote is from the seller so I guess he's just rambling about the car to justify the 100k price tag. I do see what you mean by the rim not being custom though
honestly charlies builds pale in comparison to kyles. turbo k20 swapped toyota mr2, a 650hp red ek hatch and kyles wago vs charlies wago and a b-series geo metro shell+engine. kyle puts in mad work, when he got his wisdom teeth removed and was still busting his ass over the wagon trying to get it running again was impressive (anyone who got their wisdom teeth pulled will know the pain). 

obviously they are young and impressionable so they will fight over inane shit like money and ruin a friendship over it. I doubt they will get back together, which is a shame since I wanted to see them blow the nirtous oddessy up
dude thats a completely different person who tweeted that, and they were already at the grocery store
yeah but then you have to deal with people who drive like it's back home. so many traffic offenses and near misses happen in brampton, no wonder why auto insurance is so expensive there, compared to the rest of the GTA
that seriously is so surprising. maybe she just moved in but even then there is very very distinct differences between a muslim family and sikh family. 
don't you dare call our beloved /u/HaggardSummaries a bot
apparently the owner got some original o.z racing wheels custom made and shipped from italy for this car. doesn't look too out of place though
Where'd you get the firmware for your rx200? 
I wonder how well it would fare with modern tire technology being the best its ever been before
"GM cars will run like crap longer than most cars will run at all"
i thought the flooding in taiwan made memory prices insanely expensive
almost everyone here on this sub doesn't care at all when you subscribed to them so that preface to your comment was unnecessary but i agree with your points. he lacks any real track time in a good car, and to go pro in anything you need tons of hours mastering the skill needed to compete professionally. 


please include pictures of them if you have any
At least the passenger what? Don't leave me hanging here
volvos have a longer wheelbase and much more weight to throw around, miatas are tricky to drift in comparison
this looks like a marketing photo used back then to advertise the wagon. great shot
wow, thats the first time i have ever seen a white p2 v70 in a while. every single one i've seen on my local car sales has been either silver or black, with some blue in the mix. that looks wonderful!
i imagine with a bulletproof engine those would be a very reliable family hauler
man rap videos are weird
usually the kids who buy FoSTs finance a cpo, they rarely buy one outright
paging /u/nerfdude
he would have to find a private road to drive them in, another youtube channel called regular car reviews made it to europe to review some cars and they drove it on a private airfield that they got to use for a day. a bunch of viewers got to lend their cars to them for a drive.
yeah modern cars can get 200k easy on regular maintenance. FCA doesn't count
he made it in the thumbnail over nicole so thats saying something 
tag this post OP
if they get to link any course in that underpowered heavy boat I'd be super impressed. however I think even pro FD drivers would struggle with the lack of low-end torque and binary on/off powerband that street 1j+single builds offer
yeah, miata parts are a dime a dozen but I guess chris has links to find 1.8l motors for cheap. rebuilding would make for good content, will would probably learn something about cars instead of looking like he was forced to go work on his. 
judging from his work I bet he charges an absolute shit ton of money per hour. worth it though, i've been following his e36 drift car on instagram for a while  and it looks so nice
thats a good point. it's also the end of summer reddit so I guess activity will slow down for a bit, including people being super critical about every move they make. 

as an aside I really like the data you gather in the stickies about traffic on this sub. I always read them just out of curiosity. the growth lately has been great, and there are a lot of lurkers here since some parent comments in video threads get over 100 upvotes easily. just cool to see such a niche part of the internet has grown to this, with nice in-jokes and decent OC being generated that builds off of the videos.
i mean installing a steering wheel would probably not ruin it. maybe a seat also. little things to make the car drivable
it sucks so much you get downvotes here. I wish people here understand that you still interact with fans even though they hate on every move you make. I personally appreciate that you still reply to people here, keep doing what you are doing.
i dont know man, i doubt anything will top that video where tommy and co were just saying "leave it in the comments" after everything https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqirKTZYvJw
Yeah I havent seen an update on my order and this post got me worried
I agree with your post, but they usually have diesel engines, not gas engines. And they usually are either ford or chevy, since Dodge trucks arent used that much for towing
the s90 looks like its on a different level compared to the v60 just in road presence alone. great pick up.
holy shit will did not like to be on camera 
he did a burnout, check his latest video
probably would fail emissions or crash safety in the US
well you guys have spa so its ok
wow cam really didn't care drifting rudnicks car. when the first lap happened and the guy infront spun he just glided around him and then he attempted to tandem with less than 20 minutes of seat time in that car. that was waay too close. great video though, was a good mix of footage and rudnick talking. much better than 5 solid minutes of straight drifting 
I found two clean local ones, one grey loaded with 145km, another one black loaded with 96km, both 5 speeds, and both for 7k. Heres a link to the grey one. http://m.autotrader.ca/a/19_10293890

Either way its too much for an old honda imo
He wants the water to slow cook before boiling. Brings out the taste.
How much hours of content is that usage worth? 
Its awesome because its so instant and quick
Which generation golf?
Im sorry you had to watch those 
you just got a car and already had a rolling photoshoot taken lol

i love the colour man, and the last pic in that album looks likes its taken in assetto corsa or a forza game. something to do with the sunlight hitting that area of the trunk makes it look artificial 

edit: just noticed the license plate in the last picture. i've been had
yeah i personally wasn't a fan of the styling compared to the rest of the worlds styling, but its easy to forget that when the engine screams to redline.
nice pictures man! perfect weather for the colour of the car imo
chevrolet cobalt
pretty sure no one on this sub follows sfr
> XJ10 toyota

you mean a jzx100 or jzx110 chaser? searching xj10 on google returns some cartoon character
that ls1 e36 is such a monster, spencer was losing his mind over it
they did take a picture of [this](https://pictures.dealer.com/m/manchestersubarusne/1074/37f75e572f2292658aa3833d42fc4447x.jpg?imwidth=640) though
he's talking about the 2.5l inline 5 used in the newer golfs, passats and jettas
they also have a transverse yamaha v8, check out the s80 v8 and xc90 v8
Looking at the 370z the 350z looks very dated. the S2000 didn't have a successor, plus the very clean styling with the long hood and lights makes it timeless.
Farming Simulator 2018: Steam Edition Lamborghini and JDM Tractor Pack DLC, out now as a preorder 
honestly. i do it solo it takes like 20 mins tops but with friends we take at least three hours. it's much more fun with friends 
yeah i bought two lol. one for my laptop another for my toolbox, its also great since the 50 people who buy now get a grit sticker which i'm stoked for 
[this k20 in the civic type r](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouk0T25gcxY)
im more interested in that fn2 type r. I'm in north america so we didn't get any fa/fd/fn type r, only the Si's. 
Literally Different Levels
Hes still on reddit, just banned from here. I think this is an alt for palo however
I dont know why you have downvotes, the rape van was the chevy van they had for a bit
Honestly. Doesn't help that everything is rusted to fucking shit. Good luck finding a clean early-mid 2000s superduty for less than $10k in good old canada
Right? I just saw two users who cant be more than twelve years old pretty much convince themselves that Rudnick is super gullible and tommy is some evil devil whos manipulating the fuck out of the "young, impressionable kid" to gain subs in this thread. Its hilarious what theories they can create with their time off school. I understand why they are pissed, personally the roadster content can go on pause for a bit so chris can collect parts and focus on getting the shop ready but the mental gymnastics these users go through to paint tommy in a bad light is incredible to watch.
Reading the comments in this thread it seems that way lmao
Hit reply to the comment you want to reply to so you dont continue making new parent comments
what kind of business doesn't let people in when they still have an hour and a bit to still be open for
tommys k20 miata build will be insane. quite surprised that the roadster was 2 seconds quicker than the pulsar, especially when chris took the chicane in first and was hitting rev limiter a lot. I wonder if chris ran e85 for the circuit.
thats a super clean car
Works fine on reddit is fun and the normal desktop site with RES, what problems do you seem to have?
*alibaba
thanks for the reply. i have the same prescription like you did before lasik and i'm debating to see a consultant and possibly get lasik done.  
Is your vision 20/20 now? Or did they reduce it to something reasonable like a -2?
Holy SHIT. The pot has been stirred. Thanks for being real chow 

Edit: I dont know who to trust anymore. How about I dont trust anyone who reps haggard and just watch the shitshow unfold? 
Man the drama lately has been great. Dylan doesn't even deserve a single cent imo
I think he has some kind of mental disorder
Mods, can we sticky new haggard videos? They get downvoted to shit all the time
Just lower the volume of the bleeps and itd be less out of place imo
i mean as shitty as an air mattress for a bed and a folding fucking table for a computer desk is, orions room looks great. nice choice of colours on the mat and bed. 

i still can't believe this is a haggard video, this should have been uploaded to rollintwinturbo
watch its for the pulsar
Id wager to say forza is a better game for you
How can they call it a sim when they increase the FOV to give you a sense of speed
Assetto is among the top racing sims out there. Any serious sim racing fan would never doubt that.
Im surprised nobody mentioned dildo coilovers on chows lexus. That video was great
Boring cars with no quirks would not make for a great video
All toolboxes are expensive, if you want something similar to what rudnick has from snap-on youre looking at 6k easily 
See: Honda S2000, Acura NSX (old), Toyota Supra 
I highly doubt 90% of the users here visit other subs let alone know what reddit did during the boston marathon
Well said
I cant wait to have an opportunity where I have to sell a car. Id love to do this type of advertisement
the r32 did not come with that
volvo had their whole 740 turbo thing going for them, then they did the 850 T5-M, the 850R, S70R, S60/V70R. they definitely had a performance image that they actively tried to advertise. check this album of volvo magazine ads out: http://imgur.com/a/5rdi3
Mightycarmods has its own forum which is much more active than their sub
thats great, now we can circlejerk in peace
only good question in this thread
download RES and use their tagging function
That sub is an echo chamber for haggard and they know it. When the sub was first introduced, they disabled downvoting on the desktop webpage. That is simple but takes time to do since you have to modify the subreddits style and css. I personally call out the HaggardRacing user on this, and he says: 

>I was entirely unaware of the disabled downvoting. There was no intention to make this possible, and will be fixed. Downvoting is an essential part of reddit that I did not intend to disable. I will make this fix asap. edit: fixed, errant css

What kind of response is that? You didnt change anything substantial in the subreddit style, just modified the sidebar and made some stickies. Thats it. Maybe if you were messing with adding flairs for videos or users I would understand, but there is no possible way to "accidentally" disable downvoting without going out your way to do so. That response is to obviously save face
Id say hes doing fine as it stands, he isnt struggling with money like Dan was when he set up a gofundme for his shop. 
Rudnick is truly different levels to the others when he gets a lift installed
I hoped he just resprayed the car red, the red rims and gold wheels worked well together but this looks sick! what happened to the wheels though, i thought he was going to dip those also
did you get any more pictures like the third one in the album? i'd love a p2 volvo framed like that. it makes for a cool phone background
Ive been on reddit for many years and I havent seen anyone get this mad over 7 downvotes lol
as an aside, why is downvoting disabled in the subreddit style? you guys know how to do that but can't add a banner?
i wonder if it's going to be one big special like the mighty car mod guys or it's going to be split into parts (touge, dyno runs, drag runs etc) either way this is going to be great
this will be great
sad thing is that he reads the subreddit. like holy shit my guy how are you this dense
I seriously think he's sick and tired of being compared to Rudnick and his superior content. The Rudnick video posts always do well comments wise and everyone is saying good things about his content. I even compared the two in the last video post lol
i cant wait for a young kid whos probably wearing a mint tshirt to link to this comment and say "this is why orion made a new subreddit" even though anyone with above room temperature IQ can realize that these types of comments are left on the discussion thread for their videos. the ones that just bash him are downvoted.
what a pointless move to make a different sub. im assuming all criticism will be met with a swift ban, right?
There was a thread on this posted recently and pretty much everyone said the same thing.
yeah, i remember a 25 min video where chris got the 135 tuned and he raced a modded evo. probably 5 mins of racing, and the rest of the video was chris, will, and i think tommy was there and they were just fucking around talking shit. unfortunately chris deleted that video (probably had something to do with the highway pulls) but even earlier videos when they go to Little Cesar and have a challenge as to who can eat pizza the fastest, they are fun videos. that whole group is a gold mine for great content. 

rudnick is truly a different level than haggard and co. what a ride this video was
He would have gotten a 3.5/4 car than a whole one though
Rudnick doesnt really need an interior on that car, its a drift build through and through. The roadster interior hes going to keep though, and he did say that the roadster is a track build so I guess that should fit your narrative
>Hurrrr I dont like those other channels!! Get them off my sub!! This is called "haggard garage for a reason!!1! -OP

Sorry dude but the silent majority already voted. Ricer miata and co. are here to stay. That poll also made this post irrelevant also lol
Counter strike, the target fps for the best experience is 300fps
I wont call this sub "niche" by any means but the guy calling the title clickbait is an idiot
Yeah I agree, even stock is kinda bad. Sounds great from the inside though
man what a timeless design the e46 is. the coupe looks great in all angles.
i wonder how long he was actually out for, that looked pretty bad on that special
have you heard the k20s in the 8th gen civic si's? those sound wonderful, like a pack of angry bees when you rev it out to the 8k redline
you simply dont see many older cars (15-20 years) period. emission testing and rust kinda forces drivers to get newer cars
This sub isnt some personal way to contact orion, we have been saying that they dont know what they are doing since this sub picked up during the grand marquees build and they simply choose to ignore it. Almost every comment thread for their videos save for the one where they lowered chows ls400 on dildos have someone saying that they should not do x because y and they still do it. A recent example is the rv and the broken generator. They use the small 1 car open trailer to strap a generator outside and run a power cable through the roof opening in the rv to the inside instead of taking an hour out of their day to try and fix the one thats already in the rv. People all called them out for being lazy and stupid, im sure orion and chow read those comments, and what happened? Nothing. Best thing to do is just watch the shitshow 
the 4 door cobalt ss turbos are super rare. only made in 2009. its a factory sleeper imo 
Thats a really clean civic. I personally like the sedans better because of the styling and how easy it is to do a cdm/jdm civic type r conversion. they look like this: [front](http://i736.photobucket.com/albums/xx10/swolehead/E76799C9-B4DB-45D0-AC20-CAEDCD4B4460_zpsgq22hsh0.jpg), [back](http://i736.photobucket.com/albums/xx10/swolehead/67007112-34E2-480A-BF68-D66E56026986_zps3xf8kti7.jpg) but the coupe is a nice drivers car also. you will have a lot of fun with this car, and before you buy springs and an intake, get a hondata flashpro first. buy one used (its around $200 cheaper than new last time I checked) but make sure it's not locked to the previous owners car. that mods will actually make sure that your intake is actually going to net you a bit more power. plus it helps drivability since you can lower when vtec kicks in and you can get more lower end torque, which helps in traffic. 

thats an awesome color
Over 500 hours checking in, promods make that game so much better. 
Dude the kid youre replying to is convinced that the rudnicks s chassis is the cleanest s chassis in the world and that they should all go to hell for scrapping it. Completely ignoring the fact that its rusted. Hes in every comment thread that references the shell
Could you imagine a AMG truck 
that plate on the p1 wagon is not true

if the frame rails arent digging in the pavement than it isnt low 
Yea I bought that game for the crash physics but the game has much more than that. The tire physics, suspension physics, how all the cars react with damage done to it etc makes this such an incredible game. 
yeah, the bodywork and building tricks lego used in their creator model in the f40 was amazing for an official set. this video may have pushed me into buying a set for myself
Ill wait for the summary and read that
Right? Like fuck man orion is still amateur compared to feeder series drifters, but people on this sub think hes the up and coming Ayrton Senna of the drifting world
2011 was the last year for that generation civic. 2012 is when Honda released a newer model year, and it wasn't that good, and fell short to the outgoing generation let alone the competition. They refreshed the model for the 2013 model year and onwards, and it was a completely different car. Honda went back to trading blows with the competition, and went to being a good car in the segment again 
yeah the poor guys heart must've sank
video was great, there was no wrenching bs, just cam saying what hes going to do, and then it being done. i wonder what's up with the power at the new shop though, hopefully they find out why it cuts in and out so they can stop relying on generators to power everything there
that was cheeky, i liked that. 
You only drove 15k miles in two years, of course nothing major would fail lol
A better comparison would be... you know... games that actually have a robbing mechanic built in? For example, grand theft auto 5
Yeah let's compare games that have no forms of car theft/robbery to this crime that has all of them! Solid work. 
Probably ran a 14 second pass, idk what trap speed tho. His roadster is super light
Haggard Garage Internet Defence Force I guess 
Wow that mods list makes it a track monster. I bet its super fun to drive and can put down some really good lap times. 
that livery looks amazing, its simple and suits the car really well.

any more info on it? mod list?
I can't believe you have done this
i was expecting a rick roll
I will get downvoted for this but idk why people are mad lol its kinda sad to see people call you scum over internet points
/r/haggardgarage
i kinda feel bad for doug. him being so active here on this sub makes a bunch of people think that this is a personal channel to contact him, and they ask questions not even related to the video. 

this is how we lose this special connection with content creators and the viewers
source on the stereo etc being ripped out? the ctr set that lap with questionable tires and a floating roll cage
i thought the acura cl type-s only came with a 6 speed, til
guido321
kinda related, /r/instantbarbarians 
oh yeah, i saw that information being posted on this sub, in regards to the seats, and it shows. and I agree the new S60s is really lacking compared to Audis lineup. the XC90 and S/V90 have amazing interiors however. they look stunning in person, the design of the new Volvos are incredible. those are way out of my price range though, but still they did improve the interior compared to the S60. check it out http://www.automobiledimension.com/models/volvo/s90-2016

and yeah I spent about the same in parts for my civic. Just consumables like oil, tire and brakes over the km I put on it (around 52,000kms). very reliable car, the heat takes waay too long to come on in the cold though lol
thats the real highlight of the post, poor OP spent $700 on a spark plugs and a "tune up" which most likely was a cleaning up of the carbon buildup of the engine. our dealership charges around 
$350 incl parts and labor and those are usually for the dodge hemi 5.7ls which take 16 ngk spark plugs (2 spark plugs per cylinder)
Oh yeah, its pretty slow once you get into second gear. And I work at dodge so I drive some nice cars occasionally and they are much more better cruisers for the highway. 

I'm looking into Volvo myself instead of audis, those things are built for highway driving. The seats, even from their old (I'm talking 2001 and newer) are the most comfortable seats I have ever sat in. And since my work times force me to sit a while in traffic while coming home, I would enjoy the comfort and luxury offered by the swedish carmaker. 

I mean for what it is, the civic is a great city car, especially now since they are so cheap on the used car market and parts and maintenance items are dirt cheap. Working on it is relatively simple also, and the r18 doesn't suffer from major issues aside from the block cracking in the 2006-2008 models.
I have the same issue with the wheels, usually the wheel brushes I have do the job but not for these rims. And I've curbed mine (since I can't judge passenger side distance to the curb correctly), but since these gen honda civics are plentiful I have links to junkyards that have wrecked civics with the 5 spokes that come from the higher trim models (EX and up) that I can get for $100 for a set of four. Then I just use a tire machine, throw some tires on them and I dont have ugly rims anymore :)

And yeah the road and wind noise is terrible at highway speeds, usually I find myself being weirded out when the car comes to a stop after driving at a high speed for a while since its so quiet at idle. My civic has not even broken 120xxx kms so it still doesnt rattle and have any major issues. For a first car though, its pretty fun just to floor it and take turns aggressively with the cars stock handling setup. If I get sick of it ill probably strip it out and just use it as a lightweight beater for around town.
Awesome! The rims are hideous but at least I don't feel bad when I curb them
Yeah I very rarely see the OPP pull people over on the 407 unless they are street racing, even then the cameras on the on/off ramp would catch their plate. 

And I agree, I dont take highways a lot since everything is local where I live in mississauga but when I do its the 403 and its either moving nicely and my average speed would be around 100km/h even or its super slow traffic then it goes back to normal. Sometimes theres no accidents whatsoever, it just speeds up for whatever reason. 
Whats weirder is that the 407 (ontarios toll road) was designed for a much higher speed of travel but the limit is still 100km/h. People still average 120km/h during off-peak hours

Also the major highway you're talking about usually has too much traffic and distracted drivers to safely travel above the posted speed in that area. 
Rolling start on radials, he didnt want to do a dig because he would snap the stock axles
some kid is downvoting all the comments, incoming shadowban?
if its creative than we should allow it, if its shit tier and forced than we dont.  its gonna be interesting when the new meme arises and the specialists post some fire content here. 
this would make a perfect video to show to someone who wants to build their car and thinks its easy. that e36 sounds so great when it's in boost for half a second
Thats sick! We have a little community over at /r/haggardgarage where we discuss videos from haggard and the ct youtubers. Check it out if you have time. 
How did you hear of them?
Says who? 
Can we ban garbage memes like these?
Haggard garage subreddit memes>any haggard instagram meme page
Can you link a street view of the ramp? 
Lol I work as a tech at a dealership, and anyone in their right mind would not watch someone turn a wrench for 10 minutes. Would you like to watch someone sweep the floor for that amount of time? Just show a before and after, the fetish that you and the other guy has over watching someone use a ratchet to take a couple bolts off is weird. 

And your other argument about how I pay someone to do the work, that is such a stupid argument. I do my own work, and when I don't know what I'm doing then I look it up or I call a professional, which is the case with anyone who has any senses. 
Fitment on point tho 👌👀
Depends largely if I was playing a game with a different sensitivity and gunplay before. I just go into a deathmatch and pick up back my csgo sensitivity
I have no idea what that kid is going on about in this thread, I dont want to see people turn wrenches in a video. Just show me the before and after, not the boring mundane shit inbetween. Idk why people are so worked up over tommy's style of videos. Its a change of pace from the other car vloggers speeding up the footage of them wrenching with some royalty-free music slapped onto it.
The intro had me dying. tommy, grant, chris and will makes a great combo. When tommy did a time check exactly one minute after saying that absolutely nothing got done was funny. Also when he referenced the dan situation and chris edited it out when the whole group started talking about it lol
Stop giving him attention please, the less we care about him the quicker he is forgotten
Yep, after owning my PRIV for a year and a half I don't know how I'm going to go back to a normal phone without a hardware keyboard. Just using other phones where the on-screen keyboard takes up half the screen real estate makes me weirded out. Its hard to describe. Here hoping for BlackBerry to release a PRIV 2 in the coming future. 
Im surprised he touched the engine. Usually they dont and leave the stock motor in it, but I guess with the flamboyant hood opening he had to put something under that 
Yeah, it also gives a new appreciation on cars like a supra or rx7 surviving that whole car fad. 
Transmission failure
Everyone says this but you ask anyone if they follow it and they have no idea what it is aside from it being a "car racing series" 
it would be great if they drop the same k20a3 from the 8th gen civic with the transmission but i guess the packaging in the engine would be too tight to pass crash testing. it's a great car though, perfect for a daily driver, a bit too much road noise at highway speeds. dynamatting interiors are a thing though.
i haven't been watching formula 1 since 2014, and I must say the grip that the cars today demonstrate is impressive. the tires are massive now and even when bottas was entering the pits he just hugged the turns like the car was glued to the track. 

and I must say, the reason I stopped watching was due to how inaccessible watching the races were. I remember using squirrel streams to watch it or just finding torrents after the race was over, and watching canal+ onboard highlights to get my daily dose of formula 1. it's a huge step forward to see that formula 1 is now using their youtube channel for race highlights. 
if this is the moves that orion was talking about making, than this is great. they don't need convicted rapists on their amateur drift team
I seriously think /u/helloyokohama is one of those tommy haters that figured out how to use reddit. Looking at the replies he makes, hes at most 12 years old.
I never knew how busy dmvs are down in the states. Thats insane to me that both parking lots are full when tommy went down there seperate times. Do they take a long time at the dmv, or is there only one person working there?
People got so freaked out when he appeared on the channel. Poor guy just got nervous in front of the camera when whoever was filming would point it to him, so he did some stupid stuff infront of the camera. 
did the guy at the end of the video in the semi just take the pump truck and push the pallet of adams tires out of the trailer making it fall onto the floor? thats hilarious
4 years and counting for a 2005-2007 Volvo V70 T5 wagon with a stick and has less than 150,000kms
Ive never seen someone so butthurt over some small changes to make this sub less of a ghost town. OP is going on like a little kid throwing a temper tantrum.
Damn the tommyfyeah haters came out in full force lol. Too bad they are irrelevant since the poll was the ultimatum.
and when did i say thats a bad thing? i was replying to the guy who stated that its several hundreds of dollars to get an oil change. 400 is reasonable. im not too sure that you understood my simple post disproving the guy who stated it was much more expensive 
how does this get upvotes... oil changes alone are a $400 quote from the dealer, check this thread on a r8 forum http://www.r8talk.com/forums/60-maintenance-service/12851-canadian-r8s-oil-change-cost.html
Thats literally the point to have it. A reliable daily thats also fast. It was not bought to entertain the viewers
They are killing the crossover market. I have never seen this many newer rouges and muranos in a boring dark grey trim on the road before. 
Brampton is a huge city man, which dealership was it?
Meh theres an average of around 4 replies per 12 hours, ever since he stopped plugging it in his videos it died quick. Plus when compared to reddit the forum layout is terrible. Why doesnt the full thread load when you click on a users comment? Why cant we see users started threads and replies? Why is there no tabs at the top of the users page to see posts/replies/favorites threads? I can use many forums from swedespeed to xda developers to reddit and I have never been so lost on a forum before. It isnt user friendly. And I hope tommy sees this, he did talk about the forum layout before.
check out [car cleaning guru](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFjVBSAfPGjTNsEhjaBG01A) on youtube, his  apporach to cleaning is methodical and he makes some great videos. downside is that he's in the UK and uses products based in the UK so shipping is expensive if you would like to use his stuff.
yep, usually if this problem happens dealership technicians would flash new software on the radio or reflash the latest software to the radio via Wi-Tech. if that fails and the problem still exists they would warranty a brand new radio.
i'd suggest not even entertaining this idea. it'll just become a wormhole of "can we add xyz videos to this sub?" and the front page will eventually be flooded with content from all over youtube that has like one or two comments on them. the way the sub sits right now is perfect. a lot of discussion on video threads and self posts that are relevant to haggard.
You do have a point and I woudnt doubt that chows on here reading all these comments. He wont say anything to daddy onion though
Where my JSR Cars gang at 
Hey if we add jimmy then we should add adam lz videos! He was in two haggard videos once, that totally means you should have channel bot post them here!! /s
just play stupid. i play with a b+ player in mm at like mg~ level and the best player usually just peeks stupid angles and goes for noscopes or flashy kills. we all have fun and if the enemy cant kill someone who is clearly going for a 360 degree noscope than thats an even bigger problem.
thanks for sharing, nice color
looks not too far off of a buddys 98 civic hatch with a boosted b series in it. he was at that same plaza yesteday also haha small world. ill see you at the runs after you put some money into it i assume?
Rudnick went to florida to build a track monster roadster with hp logic. Rudnick has an excuse, and even then the lse36 had some problems which prevented him from drifting in the first place
yeah i really liked his ebay series on the lexus that he did. he enjoys what he's doing and you can tell when hes on camera. great guy.
if you still think youtube revenue sucks tommyfyeah came onto this subreddit and said that the revenue is back and better than ever here: https://www.reddit.com/r/HaggardGarage/comments/6hie59/almost_crashed_600hp_r32/dj0959h/?context=3
theres a 4-door cobalt ss turbo for sale locally, it looks like a normal 4-door chevrolet cobalt but it has 260hp and built in launch control. the 4 doors look great, the two doors look good but they look weird at the back
You can, even off lease base Jettas that are 2 years old are $10k out the door. Certified pre owned and everything with less than 60k kms on them 
p2 (2001-2007 s60/v70/xc70) used the 5 speed auto with options for a 5 speed manual or 6 speed manual (R only). the p3 (2008-2011 v70, 2008-present xc70/s80) use a 6 speed automatic, and at least in north america there is not an option for manuals or different transmissions for that chassis.
its refreshing seeing something so real being posted here. all dealerships suck. honda fucked up by not offering direct sales of the ctr to avoid this mess.
Depends on the area
Just get a fa5 Si and do a jdm/cdm conversion. They are pretty nice to daily but the engine has no torque at all. The 9th gens are much more refined and there isnt a huge kick when you get into v-tec but its much better to daily since that motor has much more torque. Also, the fa5 forums say that with a intake/header and exhaust you can easily break 205-210hp.
It kind of sucks because you need to put ridiculous body kits on your car to increase your look rating to progress in the game
I like how theres one guy whos completely taken offense to this post and is replying to almost all comments that mention how ridiculous german engineering is when it comes to reliability. 
can confirm, i own the priv flip case and while the smart window is very useful, it does glitch out like when you want to skip more than 3 songs on spotify it doesn't respond and it does make it bulky, especially when the case is open
[this pic](http://i.imgur.com/Co33NC0.jpg) that orion has as a phone background
toyota should totally drop this engine in the corolla to compete against the civic type r. 
he didnt mention the year but it has 89,000 miles on it and every appliance works plus has the gas engine so it should have no reliability issues. he drove it home for 11 hours and only bad thing was the gas mileage
does anyone have pictures of chows ls as it sits right now? when orion got home and showed off the time he had it as a phone background
Where exactly? Up north towards kitchener? I saw the ontario plates which is why I asked lol

i enjoyed this video a lot, the shade thrown at dan and tommy showing up to watch the progress was great. however, will sitting next to two-step was kinda sketch. cars are temporary, hearing damage is permanent. poor kid is gonna hear ringing for the rest of his life.
Idk if you follow will on snapchat but it looks like the next few videos will involve some type of stonebag olympics. They took the grom to a public baseball field and were jumping over stuff. That being said chris has been killing it lately on youtube. The past 2 weeks his videos have had just stellar content.
where did you film this? 
> Lewis Hamilton **vs** Ken Block - [04:13] 


This is pure haggard garage. Just a bunch of friends fucking around on a old car and having a good ass time. You can tell its gonna be a good video when orion records on the gopro for the entire duration of the install. If haggard can keep this content up then I will gladly take back what I said about them before. This video will be a hit to a lot of old subscribers.
Id rather get a gti tyvm
looks like a concept car, the design is stunning
Its largely because of the camera angles. They arent close enough to catch the sense of speed that fd drivers are going.
Lol goodbye OP
i feel that it would not be a hit with the younger demographic that occupies a huge amount of revenue for strange planet/haggard racing co, they probably wont break even with the shirt sales and resources to print the shirts
never forget the grand marquis 
honestly, i just skip over haggard videos at this point. ricer miata content > 30 mins of drifting in the rain
shoutout to /r/haggardgarage
Dodge would never bother to compete with the mustang and camaro on tracks with their old outdated lx platform. Dodge is about crazy straight line speed and huge horsepower numbers, which appeals to a different crowd that buys those crazy cars. Id love to see them try to compete with the other two american manufacturers however, the viper acr was proof that they can build a track monster.
For simple stuff like changing bulbs or the like then yeah just follow a tutorial. But professionals have a use wince they have a lift, a place to dispose oil, engine hoist, tools etc
Sub to /r/justrolledintotheshop and dont hesitate to ask whats wrong in the comments if you dont understand. Usually the comments on threads with a lot of upvotes would tell you whats wrong in the picture, though. 
I hope the r line comes back, and I dont mean the "r-design" package. I miss ludicrous performance sleepers from Volvo like the 850R and the v70r
>and has a huge engine bay 

>300zx

how dense are you 
Id never visit this sub after seeing what half assed comments are left on the discussion threads
Wow thats quite appealing then
I like the look, but meaty fitment is more suited for cars that actually can put down a lot of power and need the tires to get the power down
A ebay honda h22 build with ebay internals and a turbo kit could easily net 500hp reliably. A channel on youtube called Boosted Boiz are running a h22 motor with stock sleeves but quality rods, high compression pistons, a ebay turbo and a bunch of other cheap stuff and got 700hp on the dyno. 583ft/lbs of torque also. Thats out of a 2.2l!! 
you sure its not the 1.5l earthdreams turbo thats in the civics already? the ctr uses a k20c1 engine, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honda_K_engine#K20C1
Yeah sofyan gets a lot of hate, his video on the 2theredline channel where he said that he was gay pissed off a lot of people for some stupid reason
I studied fuck all related to anything haggard and I came to the conclusion that you are talking out of your ass 
Post it to /r/videos, they would like it

Or make it a 3 minute gif and post it to /r/gifs or /r/funny and reap the karma

great share, that channel is amazing. sucks they did only two videos, that type of how its made parody would be perfect if it was released today. 

e: just realized this thread is old, fuck
i've never worked in a kitchen. what does running the knife mean? and why is it bad?
shit dude you've been on reddit for 2 years and still get hurt over downvotes?
share that drawer to /r/toolporn dude
I really like sofyans reviews, he is quick to point out things that people who own the car only will notice when they actually own them and daily it. His fetish over a damped glove box compartment thats lined with felt is weird though
LOL that sub doesn't even exist! Pont still stands, I've never seen that many positive comments on imgur before
https://www.reddit.com/r/ShadowBan/
Its exactly what happened to the integra type r 
i hate the look of the 2006-2008 usdm versions, but the 2009-2011 ones arent too bad. the 8th gen civic type r and mugen rr are the best looking though. made me appreciate civics much more after discovering that honda made a 8th gen type r. i personally dislike the coupes styling though.
How long ago was this? S2000s are going for 20-25k locally for ones that are just around the 100km/60k miles. The prices are going up now
Yeah aoparently this video triggered the ctr fanboys judging by the points on the comment you replied to. 2 grand is cheap 
Everyone should go check out /r/cars

Im personally into cars that arent over the top obnoxious but I respect all builds. Those over the top SEMA builds had a lot of work put into it by people so I respect that
Hello guys, love the content. I was wondering if you guys were going to move out of the vancouver area but then came the moving vlogs into the new warehouse. Seeing it in csf videos now, it came a long way. do you have any regrets associated with the office? any things you would have changed? and what was the crews reaction to the whole firepole debacle that took over vessels and youtubes comment section?
yep, i missed a lot of csf videos and recently revisited it when it came up in my recommended. the easy bake oven chef video where it was a parody of iron chef and chopped cooking shows were great. I really enjoy berkels presence in videos. he knows what to say at the right time. i think ill go watch the moving vlogs again just to see the banter between him and the rest of the lmg staff. 
if you watch drifting focused youtube channels like noriyaro or monky london you quickly realize that hes still amateur. he rips the ebrake for like 5 seconds which isnt necessary and just shows that his entry needed a lot of correction to still be decent 
this is great. chris is hopping on the track life youtube train before a lot of other guys do, plus we will actually see him progress as a grip driver. he has the cornering down, i'd say he can shave a few tenths off of his best lap by heel toeing. the braking is pretty poor though, you can tell when he said he had to push the pedals more for them to work that he needs upgraded pads and rotors.

hes 4 seconds off of jacks fully built "skeletor" miata with a bunch more track mods which is noteworthy especially considering that chris is just now learning how to do hotlaps. 
the 8th gens had no torque so it would not be fun to daily unless you hit vtec everywhere you go, the 9th and 10 gens with the k24 n/a and and the turbo 1.5l engine had more torque and were much better to daily.
"The real youtube drifters" yeah ok orion lets completely forget taylor ray and noriyaro
Sucks that the other four comments didnt explain what they were lmao 
nice to see that you're back. I missed these
Since no-one knows anything about cars on this sub, Kendrick got his sister a 2017 Toyota Camry XLE for her graduation gift. People got mad since Kendrick didn't give her a Rolls Royce or a Mercedes-Benz, and people on this sub tried to justify it by saying the Toyota is reliable, cheap to run and maintain etc especially compared to a Mercedes or other high-end luxury brand. 

Edit: im a tech, I know that toyota is reliable, especially compared to a mb. I just said "justify" since most people outside of this sub is still butthurt over kendricks purchase.
i thought the deal was it had to be done by midnight of the day the bet was placed?
I'm happy chris got bit by the gridlife bug, the content is going to be great. Ohlins coilovers + rpf1s or really any good set of coilovers and genuine lightweight wheels will transform the way a car handles. Next step is brakes and a rollbar or strut brace and probably lighter seats and he will have a fun cheap track monster.
Damn I thought they were using the 1.8l r18 engine
its a button away to turn off, plus when Jeremy Clarkson reviewed the xc90 and hated the safety systems but then he realized that it's only there to help him and save him from having a crash. He loved the ar after that revelation. https://www.driving.co.uk/car-reviews/the-clarkson-review-volvo-xc90-2015/
give it a week and report back on how you feel. tons of people report that they feel fine the day of after the accident but after the adrenaline the pain hits them. hope everyones ok however
are those taillights stock? it suits the ducktail really well 
Wtf were talking about stock cars not no hotboy stance builds that are not functional at all. 
why don't you @ him on instagram? 
he bought it not knowing that dan would pull a gun at rudnick and not complete the lexus. he tried to keep it his daily but had no other choice but to make it into a drift car. maybe if he knew that dan would pork him then he would have gotten a better platform but he didn't know any better.
\>trying to greentext on reddit 
Ill probably grab the bundle tonight after work and try it out. Ive seen Squirrel do a video on it and when he took turns I was appalled. Is this how they really haul heavy cargo in america? Without steerable axles? 
Hm thats weird. It should be compatible, I know that heavy cargo mods and promod tolls are too small meaning that you have to reroute around them. Thats why I asked
Are you running promods? 
I havent driven them yet but seeing the time and effort put into the models is just incredible. The transformer is the most boring one, but the cranes are really nice. Even the trailers have a lot of detail
That thing is a piece from what it looks like. Subframe bushings are gone amongst other things like the zip tied roll cage and the really sloppy gearshift. It suits chris well and I have no reason to believe that it isnt his, but chris does not need another car. 
Merc e-classes have them, and they are as violent as the p2/p3 volvos 
how is this 520 pts but 8 comments. i expected more "comcast sucks" comments. you let me down reddit 
you were too right
why would you even say that? his comments are pretty funny
His second channel where he installs parts on his nismo 370z is really fun to watch though. I'd say he enjoys talking/working/driving cars than anything PC related.