What a shit head he was. 
Woah... where the fuck do you live ? 
Wow quite a roller coaster there.. Can you elaborate on why you couldn't continue baking and cooking and how people started misbehaving and wht the fuck the manager mentioned it in performance review and what was his response upon seeing your resignation? 
What clowns? 
Stranger things 3rd season is already out? 
I loled at your nomenclature of harmones. 
I am sorry, my english is not that great. Weren't you talking about fucking your cat? 
I hope its not your dick you are thinking of here. 
You need to step out into the real world mate, more often. 
These are just for entertainment, relax. 
Can i see more of you please ? 
What is innie? 
Millions of sperms*
I felt that in my scrotum. 
But its a waste of money, i would get angry too... Just gibe me a gift instead of this stupid wastage. 
Why the fuck did you use used needles?
How the fuck dogs have so much energy in them to show this extreme excitement ? I am just 32 and get bone dead exhausted after 10 hour work and even the discovery of time travel wouldn't excite me this much .Someone please explain ?
How did you "always" knew without test ?
You made me remind that movie "click" and now i am sad. 
r/mademesmile
Who are those 3 people? 
I think she is mentally unstable. 
Does cave woman has vagina? 
Only if you can afford to buy it.... Many people have time but not money so don't generalize this. 
I have never seen it near my house like a pet or even in local zoo. 
Was she/he depressed ? Why she behaved like that? 
This is the nucleus of the crystal, Australia grew from. 
Both the ends are equally asshole in this chat. 
This gave me anxiety attack. 
That was not my intention i was pointing to the prayer part. I lost my 2.5 year old nephew to blood cancer and the prayers didn't help one bit. 
I am a bisexual and i love men of his appearances. To each there own. 
Yeah like that helps. 
Thanks
Thanks but is there something more specific ? 
Is there a subreddit where good Fantasy, horror and mystery books are recommended? 
So are gay people ;). 
Shut your whore mouth. 
"Modern" humans mean? 
I think you can get every shade of black in an instant if you just leave the house door open. 
People living in 1st world countries are luckier to have born there as compared to us us 3rd world dwellers.
Yeah it does when you eat a lot of meat not when occasionally and I do eat a lot of vegetables/fruits/beans and other high fibre diets too.so stop judging me and get a life.
Shut the fuck up and if you think eating meat makes you diabetic then you are a class A retard. 
I don't consume much meat. damn you idiot.
Lucky guy.
r/murderedbywords
Nope .not guilt them up just taking out my poor ass frustrations :(
I wish people in other part of the world are also as fortunate as you to afford a dexcom. 
But why do you have to remove the seed crystal? 
I think people having "Sins" in their names can be astronaut, professor, Doctor and  many other professionals all at once ? 
I feel like i can't die now without trying this atleast once. 
You call that yellow goo cheese? 
My arteries just shat themselves. 
How much? 
Is the younger one blind and deaf too ? 
Can i get them in Pakistan ? Therebis no medicine charity here and my situation is just like op comment.  
Summoning u/fuckswithducks
Is it a real thing? 
Well you should have atleast a little standard when it comes to girls. 
Meaning? 
I am surprised by the indifference shown by the scooter rider. He just casually strolls past the dead baby with some extra curve to his route and continues going. 
It is so obvious, your comment is pointless. 
What did they mean by it ? 
Yeah i know right, mouth should be a bit lower. 
What if I don't have a ball sack? 
Or if he needs more lube ? 
The fuck are you trying to say ?
OP is it you? How old is that man? The movement is so beautiful it made me wish i had a dick like that. 
I am learning to drive and if this happened to me i would have a heart attack. 
Congratulations on being normal
Crowning? 
If you want him as your future husband who provides for the family while you sit at home then you should cook. If you are career focussed girl, drop him. None of you two are wrong here and none have to change their stance. I think it is all about what is your priority. 
Because no one was attracted to you because of your "competence"? 
Dafuq is a sapiosexual ? 
No mention of IQ score? I call legit. 
Not interested in those. 
32 here and have literally Uninstalled after 5 minutes of installing. Nothing appealing and an aweful app operation. Can't see why it is so popular at all. I can do everything on whatsapp and facebook. Why use a special separate app? 
Was it some AK-47 bullet? 
They could stalk that user everywhere may guess their address and kidnap the baby for personal malevolence or worse child trafficking. And sadly this has already happened many times in the past. 
r/murderedbywords
What if someone puts there head there instead of that red hot thing? 
You should visit r/lipsthatgrip
r/upvotedbecausegirl
Hot damn is she wearing just a sweater ? 
How old are you? 
Any true emotions. I am a sociopath. 
He asked toxins not tumors... Jesus Christ.. 
I think you can buy something when you have the money? Or i am missing something? 
Does he really have a big house? 
Yeah i want clear free cable too.
Burn iSheep burn. 
Yeakh! Seriously? 
Link ?
That is very heart breaking :(
Explain? 
What are the differences between cake day, name day and birthday ? 
Wow really? 
But why are all the potential mates being repelled ? 
The fuck are you saying? I watched the movie. Is there a tv series? 
How did you get a hotel in the middle of nowhere? Where was this hotel? 
Not the case with everyone. 
Yeah stick your dick in there then ?  
I thought Neanderthal were all dead ? 
Surely not your masturbation timer app.

Mobile Flagships. 
Dude you muat be diabetic if your scratches don't heal in even 3 weeks. 
What medical disaster? 
r/cringeanarchy
Obviously the Orca killed everyone there. 
You would get dazzled too if you live in a dark room and come to light for a few seconds. 
May be he checks whether thay are fully healthy i mean fucking-bite-everything-as-soon-as-they-see-the-drawer-open healthy  and then feed them ? I mean they could get depressed in that dark little cell .  
She is oddly sexy and i am not even a zoophile. 
Instructions not clear, youngest kid left in microwave. 
Now he can never escape for sure . 
But title says Bismuth? Bismuth is not magnetic. 
Peel the roof with your bare fingernails ? 
Did you just assume my "Drama choices"? 
In which country do you live ? There are different climates outside your country, you know ? 
I heard ricin is a real poison ? 
Are you Todd? 
How else would he get the food if not for emotionally blackmailing them ? 
What if someone has dipped that thread in ricin ? 
Lol. What health department ? 
You don't have water in your house? 
I don't know why but no. Seems like you would easily ride it until it stops
Did no one stopped you from doing that? 
What kind of spider did that to this poor lady ? 
It does not look that dangerous tbh, can't i just be surface borne on it untill it stoos?   

  
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
I think genetics and close second is diet.
3 litres of diet Pepsi daily ? How the fuck your stomach could withstand that ?holy shit.
What was your first A1C value ?
Why did you let it come to this ?
Seeing that shit coming straight at you at that speed would cause anyone to shit and fart in fear so bad that their farts can propel them to even Mount Everest.
What if I stand in it's path ?
Why do you think it is an infection?
Incest ?
What does yield means ?give up ?
What do you mean "failed to yield left turn "?
What if u/drunkenbozo is an old grandma ? 
I don't know what is NBA but is this sport that intense that you really shit your pants ? I am really curious. 
That classified information included his dick too ? 
I think McDonald's would be more suitable? 
What were they doing actually ? 
Sure. 
And also with Cancer. 
Many wouldn't even know how many zeros are in a billion. 
What is "Facebook jail"? 
Welcome to the list. 
What happens if you take more than 4g/day of Tylenol ? 
So call him a dry and shallow cunt ? Which he actually is. 
Thank God, i guess, now, all the mummies would not be found already dead. 
I am sure you are a priest. 
More like cardcraft ? Paper is not that stiff i think? 
Well, time to edit your friend list i guess? 
Why the hell your friend posts everything she is about to do on fb ? Does she posts "about to poop", "going to washroom", "pooping", "wiping my ass" and "her selfie while sitting on the toilet" too? 
I didn't like the tone of that reply. You don't have to be rude to convey a right message. After all the wish of being a grandparent is natural. 
You are a very lucky person. 
Well you can imprison him in a mold. 
Even that wouldn't cure your small penis. 
Not that big tbh. 
Those stairs are fucking steep. I would definitely trip over them and die. 
Thinking of surrounded by idiots with high speed killing machines while i still don't have full confidence in my own machine, does not help my anxiety a bit. 
What is a rust belt? 
Then why Brad Pitt does not look like a Navi? 
:(. Didn't help my depression a bit. 
How does it cool in space from sweltering hot to dead cold ? 
Pray that the guy is not into fisting. 
What is meant by "doxxed"? 
What is meant by "doxxed"? 
You have any link of that video? Wtf. 
OMG that is horrible. I feel for you. Stay strong. How is your husband now? 
What is the actual place of silent Hill? 
What is the actual place of silent Hill? 
Fuck you i just started my driving lessons today and i am already anxious as fuck about it. 
The hippos at Wal-Marts are worse. 
Did your sister happen to die in the ocean ? 
Because everything will touch you by itself. 
Now I officially hate him. 
Can you elaborate on this ? Why fruits only are so bad ? 
Nopeland. 
I can never do that. I'll die of anxiety. 
r/iamverycool
Reddit comments are way more useful and related than YouTube or Facebook . There the comments are straight out Aids. 
Lol. There is nothing Pakistani in it. Source : I am a Pakistani. 
You should have kept them on the ground rather than in the air..
Gosh we have a fortune teller on our hands. 
Nope. This guy lives in Islamabad, Pakistan. I watched this clip with voice on the news and apparently he does not have any problem getting them in or out. Has been doing this since he was 8 and talks casually about this ability like someone casually breathes. 
I think we have first sample of a new gender.
No we are all homos.
More like "He has a thick dick..."
How old is he now? Go give him a hug and say thank you. 
Why I am not surprised at all . 
Try what ? 
Why you feel your heart cold and empty? 
Why won't he smile if he got to ride that hottie while grabbing her one boob ? 
Under-rated comment. 
Clawful ? 
That is a cool feature. 
Hits too close to home. Made me tear up. I hope you are there when she comes to know. 
Why? Is it difficult? 
Emma Watson must be having zero energy all the time. 
And my eyes are too. 
r/murderedbywords
Forever. 
Brute's next fragrance. 
Care to link? 
But you can let them lick you. 
He is a black man. 
Means they don't like strip clubs ? 
Sorry for your mother's loss. I hope you are coping well. I am sorry if I came across rude as i was just genuinely curious as to how could that be possible in these days. 
I wish i had that kind of orgasm. 
Who the hell stores there contacts on sim these days. They are synced automatically on my email account. I cannot fathom what are you saying. Either you are missing something big or i am. 
Ok so text is a general sms and imessage is some apple software that works like whatsapp but only for iphones ? 
Why can't you put your sim in another phone or log in from another PC to recover your contacts ?  
What is the difference between a text and an imessage?      
What the hell do you mean? Apple sends sms using data? 
Why it appears that they are not happy when they saw her ? Some cultural thing ? 
You mean you contacted all your friends through facebook only? And did not even have their phone numbers? That is strange to me. 
Holy fuck that is not true. Cats may be considered a good pet in islam but no one thinks there left overs are worthy of eating by human beings. Stop spreading bullshit. I am a Muslim. 
Not untill it turns 18, do you want it to be molested while underage ? 
That way your eyes would be collected in the goggles when they explode because of electrocution. 
I can't believe you know that a sub named watchpeoplealmostdie exist and you are surprised one with the name watchpeopledie wouldn't exist...? 
Wasn't it beating? 
Your place is haunted.
I laughed out loud in a bus full of sleeping people, half of them awoke startled.
Dafuq ?
Can it kill a human? 
Corrected. 
Politics. 
How are the books rated as compared to show ? The show was excellent until season 5.
Dexter is based on books..? I didn't know that. 
It is a ratio of change of velocity to the time taken in that change. It is (m/s) /s which gets s^2 in the denominator . Earth attracts every free object and increasing its speed by 9.8 m/s every second and hence it is called gravitational acceleration. 


Then the Earth must be traveling with astonishing speeds since 6000 years? 
Are you a zombie? 
Same with me. 
I didn't understand this comment. Please explain what this means. 
Where? Can you point out? I totally cannot see it. 
r/jesuschristreddit
Why yellow? 
Or the girls lining up in front of his house, hoping to be selected ? 
I think you are trolling. Do you think water would be cold when a heat source at a million degrees is just 420 km away ? Even mountains vaporize at that temperatures. stop being a fucking idiot .
Usually low bp and large dick sizes cause that.
I wish I could feel such happiness.
Elsa vs Predator Confirmed.
The fuck ?
Wow Alia Bhatt is pretty ? Have you seen her without makeup? God you have some low standards. My house maid is prettier than her. Tel me one movie of her that has a strong storyline and does not portray her like a sex doll ? She is a pathetic actress and is only there because of her Bhatt family name.mHow old are you exactly ? 15? Better watch some porn if you are that desperate.jeez..
How long? 
You will be easily employed in Bollywood for your creative ideas. 
Wait what story? Indian movies these days are just a piece of shit except some Amir Khan's movies. 
No shit Sherlock. 
What are those three slices on the right side of boiled egg ? 
How do you people get informed of these sales? I never knew it happened .  
Said your Gf when she saw you naked. 
How did it cost so cheap?
Obviously not cool, they use heat for cooking. 
r/firstworldproblems
What is a furry exactly? 
A cult for cunts? 
Not a good one at that, apparently. 
Thanks for the educational reply unlike other just hateful comments. 
Its not the circumference, its the size of forehead. 
I don't mean it rudely, i am genuinely curious why his head is so large  as compared to rest of his face ? He is very cute though. 
Instead of spending money on 760K tries, i would train a bird to stay still midflight, just on the surface. 
A few nanoseconds late. The beak has already entered the water :(
High pressure would destroy the tiny vessels. It's the vacuum that does the trick
Yeah like ruptured stomach and Liver/Spleen is just a joke. 
Either my gifs don't have sound or you have ears of an elephant ? 
And broke itself. Good riddance that useless, curved and ugly bones train. 
To get a moist pussy ? 
Wouldn't that heal easy if you just swallow a Paracetamol and take a nap? 
What happens in that? 
But there is not much smearing around.?
r/murderedbywords
My 6 year old neighbour has a better handwriting than you, and she writes with her foot (She is disabled) . 
Anyone seriously knows how it happened? 
It is your unhinged brain rattling around. 
Is there a cure for 4th degree burns ? 
Now i know how big u/randomhippo is down there. 
With your writing sryle, even the "Book of the Capital Punishments" would be hilarious. 
Holy Lol, Could you write a book ? 
But your mom surely was
Can you send me link of the real pic? 
Lol, that can totally be a subreddit and will be a busy one. 
r/whyweretheyfilming
I am amazed at the insensitivity of people related to death in India. 
Now we know the size of that guy's dick. 
Wjy her legs look so unnatural and out of proportion ? 
Funeral home, you mean ? 
r/savage
Tinnitus is a bitch. 
Is it photoshopped? Are you sure? 
lol
I wish my buttbplug is that good. 
Suicide ? 
Yes and my children have been watching theae for weeks before i noticed what the hell was happening in these videos. These are some sick mother fuckers making videos about abortion, women with bikinis and dating, violence and clear depraved sex acts (pooping on children, dry humping, copulating under vlankets). Please watch what you kids are watching
May be worship you too? 
I wish you had something better to do. 
how do you do reverse image search ?
Fuckward that is why i said "typical" not everyone.
i mean they must be 18 years old atleast.
i dont think you could attach bitches to the walls with just a tape.
r/cringeanarchy
Thank God. 
I bet it's more than 3 times. 
How ? Did he bust your hymn ? 
Dis you go in to check out how many human skins and nail jars have beem lying there ? 
OP mom's store? 
Why have we become so senseless and insensitive to others even to people who we see on daily basis ? 
I am not sure here. Are you talking about something money ? 
Haha don't tell me what my coutrymen are like. 
Lol racist ? I am an indian myself.can you be racist against your own race? He IS an indian and indians really do have that status complex, poor people think getting iPhones will make them King of the world. Downvote if you want but that does not change the reality. Apni kamjori mante hoe jaan nikalti hai saalon ki. 
Typical Indian mentality. 
Still 3 seconds longer than you. 
It is because making soap is a chemical reaction between caustic soda and some fatty acid /oil. It changes the poisonous nature of compounds. Just like Sodium is anexplosive metal and Chlorine a deadly gas but sodium chloride is table salt. 
With caustic soda and human fat ? 
r/nonononoyes
Nasir Khan Jaan*
Be uncomfortable... Be very very uncomfortable.. Because this is just like the tip of the iceberg about how modern technology works. 
You are spending too much time on Reddit. 
I didn't think HIV virus is this big? 
Children are really non-biased in most cases. 
Does not make sense. How can you have such stark difference in air quality within just a few miles? 
It is India. You would be lucky if they even have headlights. 
Typical India. 
Jesua America, get a FUCKING hold on your psychos. 
i totally read life as wife and was confused.
TELL me how to do that Goddamit ....!
Might be 200 African babies.
why are you lactose intolerance ? how it was developed?
Still dont understand :(
you mean at the door of your basement freezer ?
is this related to sex ? like penis tip in the vagina ?
What happens when you eat lactose? 

How does a 3d printed spinner work? 
ಠ_ಠ
What testing is done to find a body's internal clock working ? 
i think steam is quite healthy.
World's best Optical Image stabilization and fastest shutter speed? Give me that mobile please. 
Same here
You are really underestimating a billion years time. 
You are not too friendly to needy people are you? 
What is so nice about it ? it can't be worth more than $1-1.5  million atmost. 
So creative... 
What is taint? 
And get accused of being a sexual predator? 
What is gooch? 
Stop. This comment chain gave me orgasm. 
Sounds like a lot of problem. Thank God i never needed them. 
Is there a special procedure to clean them ? Never needed them so educate the illiterate here please? 
Must be a bitch keeping those clean? 
You missed the opportunity of using the word "Centripetal Force". 
You are famished. Aren't you? 
Please drag me and throw me on the runway while taking off. 
He would suffocate in the frame. 
What breed is it called? 
Pregnant with face hugger? 
Shut the fuck up! 
People wear Sarhee in South America ? 
Are you legally of age? 
No. The hazardous arrangement, the carelessness and the Sarhee gave it away. 
Ofcourse India. 
Its not done openly. People are hush hush aboutbit and no its not a tradition just a bad habit of some people blown out of proportion. 
Does the sun not come out usually at 10 am? 
You should let her sleep more often. 
Hey nobody is asking about your stamina. 
Kelvin
Duh! 
The delicacy prices will surprise you. 
[No matter how they have to do it. ](https://i.imgur.com/GFkQxZS.jpg)
Dont know what you are talking about it looks adorable to me. Hundreds of tiny cutie pies going out with their aww inspiring eight legged hardworking mommy. Can i post it in r/aww? 
Why this rule exist? 
ಠ_ಠ
Her hair seem naturally silky smooth. 
Well why can't you ? 
Also with bootloop pre-installed. 
Can you change your lungs every six months? 
I don't think so. 
Isn't their wetness colorless ? White color is not yeast infection? 
R/darwinaward
Serious question from an inexperienced person :what is that white thing on the dick? Semen or some female secretion? 
You clearly need to learn the difference between right and left, jesus. 
Please tell me how do you feel when this low? 
Where? 
Yeah right, keep telling that to yourself. Its not my country where shootings are happening. All I wanted to say was that the hotel should have strict security protocol. Why you people get triggered? 
Yeah this is not iraq but a country where five friggin Airplanes were hijacked and flown into the tallest two buildings in the world for crying out loud. I thought they would have learnt something ? 
How the hell did nobody notice this guy bringing in 10 friggin machine guns through their security ? 
well, shots were free ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
That is the worst part. 
He committed suicide afterwards. 
Poverty? 
And then share to the whole world to repulse ? 
Everyone has a different definition of "worse". 
You are a sociopath, like me. 
Is your gf Lady Olenna ? 
Or maybe he has a rubber knife that does not penetrate and only bends? 
0.022
Who the fuck is max von sydow? 
May be i didn't check. 
You have an electromagnet around your intestines? 
Nobody should be that poor. 
Honestly, that is terrifying. 
Could she have died really if the glass had hit her directly? 
Acid trip? 
Not everyone's dong is 2 inches long. 
But not my fries :(
In the jail cell for pedophiles ? 
Why?  I would stick my dick right in the middle of that swarm. 
That doesn't sound right. 
Even the man can take his own dick with that prolapsed anus. 
That looks fucking creepy. 
Are you implying that science has discovered every fucking human ability there is and there is absolutely nothing more to be discovered? 
I have not only felt it but confirmed it. My mother has been sick and i was in other room. She called for water in very weak voice that i didn't hear because I was wearing headphones for a job related cellular conversation but i had a feeling she needed me . I went in her room and asked and she told she has been calling me. Many such instances with my wife and children. Something tells me when they need me or thinking intensely about me etc. I can't quite put my finger on it but all of it can't be for nothing. 
Yeah i have felt it many times with my mother and wife specially when anyone of them is sick. 
There is some mind to mind connection between the people who intensely love each other. e.g. Mother/child, husband/wife. 
Do the undead remember their previous grievances? I doubt it. 
But the seed is planted after the final thrust or my whole life is a lie. 
Well, he is clearly over compensating for something . 
Your dad was more handsome. 
It's true then, keeping a doctor near won't help you anyway. 
Yeah prostate massage is a bit difficult for him now. 
Hours do i do that? 
Is that yours? 
Or tie a balloon to their necks? 
[Going out in style ](http://i.imgur.com/1hW41cv.jpg)
[Going out in style](http://i.imgur.com/YxP1NHz.jpg)
Wait untill you see season 3 ending where Robb Stark will sit on the iron throne and making Joffrey pay for his mistakes and Catlyn will be named hand of the king and Lannisters will be utterly destroyed. 
No wonder Aerys had gone mad. 
The most fucked up siblings in all of Westeros. 
This is some pakistani small city uneducated dreamer, for whom white teen girls are like fairies and angels. They daily have wet dreams with them in it. 
Well no body would have wanted to come in 10 ft radius to yoi. 
Mohammed shouldn't have chosen that sheep last night. 
That bulge though. 
Give me ELI5 why these photos areblike this and my photos or dslr does not take pics like these? Totally noob to photography here but would die to take a pic like that. It is not computer effects am I right? 
Yeah they do that for showing how cool they are. 
You have  low standards mate. 
What was the result of drinking too much red bull ? You can't get high. So what, bladder limits testing ? 
Chick magnets ! Yar daikho to inko. 
He is going to steal all the chicks. 
This is Pakistan sure as fuck. And yeah Red Bull is expensive here. And i know many guys who post pics holding Red Bull just to show they can afford it. Which in this case is true too. 

Source :A Pakistani. 
r/cringeanarchy
And attention. 
I am wondering why kids flip the words horizontally. My daughter (5 yo) always does this. She is always confused specially between P and 9 and b and d and 2/5. Somebody explain. 
Dexter? 
I feel sorry for you. 
This guy needs to sort out his priorities. 
Man everyone wants unlimited game of thrones seasons but this is not the way for it. 
Explain a bit? 
That everyone in US is living American dream. And i didn't need to visit America for that, Reddit and Trump statesment are enough. 
WTF man? 
How about you show us yours Mr. Dickzilla? 
Nice try, Jobless. 
What is that? A Corona discharge? 
Why a catheter? Can't he urinate properly after this? 
Is he dead or just passed out? 
Can i use it from Pakistan? 
Any idea how much did they offer you for your shoes ? 
Why would they want your shoes? 
I am sure there was someone in authority having secretly gay fetishes. 
Well technically she didn't say "i am the King". 
Is no body going to point out that the baby is pale like a fucking corpse ? Or is it really some necro-baby-sucking fetish? 
What is a peen? 
I wonder what? 
Four ? Holy hell how about none what so ever ? 
As Annatar. 
Fuck telescopes, right? 
Dr. Strange had a porn video? 
Not if the tool is a gun or a knife. 
Go on ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Where is details of news about it? 
15 pounds in maximum 6 days by uaing a juicer ? I might be taking crazy pills but i think she is over estimating. 
What happened to him? 
Call "Dexter"
is there a r/Mademetearup ?
What are other things? 
r/cringeanarchy
Couldn't he have survived this by any chance? 
Exactly same situation and the wires and power cords magically entangle themselves even when i have not used them for weeks. 
I had an orgasm. 
I suggest keep mango or grape juice in the house. If it is faster source of glucose and raises BG way faster than candies. 
Its hard to believe that only 3 extra units of insulin did that ? I am scared now
Well evolutionarily, a good stomach fat partner is better too because you don't have to feed her that often. She can survive on that fat already present.
You should have checked the sugar level as soon as you were able to. I have had hypos but not that scary, only lot of sweating and brain confusion suggests me to drink some juice. How much insulin did you take? I am worried such adverse reaction may not be only hypoglycemia. 
3 inches would be 50% more. 60 % is 3. 2 inches
Yeah i know where. Its an indian cartoon character "Patlu" i.ytimg.com/vi/JRV2K_8W8XQ/maxresdefault.jpg
How this man is out of a mental institution is beyond me. Can't he get arrested and sent to prison forbthis obviously criminal activities? There is no way these are just his fantasies. He has acted upon them and look at the as he has posted. He is mentally unstable. 
Hulk landed here while thinking of Scarlett Johanson. 
Nice try, thief. 
What is your disorder called ? 
I am amazed to think that a non-diabetic person's body can  control BG considering all that factors. Can we diabetics ever be able to imitate non-diabetic people? 
48.2 MB Gif ? are you fucking kidding me ?
I don't know. I don't produce milk. 
What is milk jug? 
After being impaled on glass shards. 
Just being a ~~dick~~ *spider*
I didn't understand. Plz explain 
What is so bad about things in your 1st paragraph? I totally agree with 2nd.
Why ?
Oh thanks. Never knew they are called that. 
He was awful and bland for being a millennia old. 
Where? 
Wait its a she? 
What are sinus pill blisters packs? 
That Dracula was a pussy. 
It does have BT. Just hold the OK and UP button together and it will turn on. 
Got the same unit. Mine fasting reading remains between 4.2 to 5 usually. Am i doing something wrong? 
He must have been the special one because he WAS the only one. 
No thanks I love my liver. 
And also all the big foots and aliens pictures and videos thatvthe Government has kidnapped and hidden from public eye in some containment centers? 
Its not his choice not speaking lies. He is a pathological liar. If he took oath he is screwed. 
I read that as "My anal picture with Seth Rogen" and was confused beyond words.
Daddy issues does not problems with the dad. They mean the problems that arise from having your dad absent or abusive dads. Daddy issues inclide the yearning of an older male role in our life that is protective and loving. 
i finally realized and came to peace with the fact that i am a sociopath and why people never wanted to be my friends :(
You might have daddy issues.
Something something joke about a big dick. 
Your uncle totally screwed your mom pretending to be your dad. 
Gollum finally grew some hair. 
:(
It would lie flat on Earth. 
Don't give them ideas. 
What is in your ear? 
Wait what the fuck ? You just dont get to 26 casually . You are very irresponsible eater if that is true. And with regular chevking too ? Whdid you eat too much if it was already that high? 
There are no " rational religious" people. This is like saying "dry water" or "pregnant man". 
Is that what your x girlfriend told you when she saw you naked first time? 
OP is just a poor bastard who cannot afford any take out.
The porn god ?
It will come back

Hepatitis GO. 
But which hole? 
What was his A1C when he found out about being diabetic? 
No shit ShitFacedSteve! 
What? Don't yours open in the morning for pooping? 
You are really a morning peraon. Aren't tou? 
Hey what is the point of putting that stic ker on your butt? We are here to assess your progress. Its not that someone can identify you from your butt. 
You own OP5? 
You will fuck? 
What is crop dusting? 
Holy Shit No NEVER again. OP if you want your eyes burned with that image for the rest of your life go ahead. Otherwise have mercy on your soul. 
Nope, just a regular vampire. 
"Are you virgin? I just need to drink your blood to live another year" 
About 12 hours ?
Look at this fancy pants, privileged, white trash here. What does he know of hunger and real world problems ? 
You might have been drugged every time? 
I don't think i like just old dick, i like personality and appearance as well. 
"Son issues"? 
Look at it again. This pic 2 is from earlier season 2 episode. He goe considerably larger than 1 near the end of season 2.
Who told you that? We have a rich history and lore in Game of thrones encyclopedia. 
I want both. 
Why Drogon has an extra hand in season 7? 
Season 7 gathers, and now my watch will begin.
It shall not end 'til the season finale.
I shall embrace no woman,
mow no lands,
entertain no friends,
no going out, no one.
I shall not study.
I shall live and die at my TV.
I am the witness in the darkness.
I am the watcher on the couch.

I am the fire that burns the hand that tries to change the channel,
the one who programs the DVR,
the one who yells "NO TALKING!",
the shield that guards the remote control.
I pledge my life and honor to this new seasons watch,
for that night coming and all the nights to come.... till the end of this new season.
Not wearing the hat is not the cause she is so cold.
Don't you know he fucks with ducks? 
What kind of gastrointestinal reaction? Plz reply me. I am through hell in last 2 months. I never thought it could be Metformin doing that. 
Soooo original 
She needs next customer. Doesn't she? 
r/jesuschristreddit
You know its real when OP deletes her account. 
Hi people please give me more ideas of different shapes so i can do with my family for bonding. This looks very cool
Yeah you do get decked if you don't do make-up. 
Poor transformer. 
TIL fidget spinners are NSFW. 
Or a fucking hot scene with dany? 
He is going to die in this season. 
Why would soneone not allowed ? 
Well, smelly dicks are no fun let me tell you. 
But we don't have that department... 
Looks Pakistani police uniform. 
Even wasps? 
That is what no one ever said. 
Or sprinkle a little gasoline and torch the leaves off? 
Well, The architect hates straight lines. 
How do you sell your soul exactly? 
Yeah "opposite attraction"
Ah, its just not worth it. 
Explain
Humor me. 
You still have any shred of faith left even after the election of a person like Trump? 
Aah the release feeling after a week of constipation! 
I thought I was alone in thinking like that. Seriously why male flight attendants act feminine? 
r/jesuschristreddit
As much as i like to visit this house, I want my trip very short :(
Is it a suicide helpline? 
r/Jesuschristreddit
Shots fired. 
What prophecy in PJ books? 
Don't tell me from where the lotion is supposed to come out. 
r/iamverysmart
How else do you think "Jigar" should be spelled ? its an urdu word .There is no true english spellings.
r/facepalm
And you are on a list ...
They would let the Queen killed in that case.
Wow that amazing feeling of snapping glass inside you would be so cool. Am i right? Am I? 
What accent is that ?
But iron will occupy very low space as compared to cotton of same mass.That is why it would transfer more momentum to your body when hit as compared to a lot lighter cotton even at same speeds.
Why would i roast an already burnt chimpanzee ? 
Visiting hotel rooms at night is considered work now ?
OP ,Never drive drunk again.
It is ture. 
>You have a direct ancestors that predate the dinosaurs. 

You don't have to call me fat in that way. 
Seems hocus pocus. 
Savage AF. 
All his intelligence and brilliance aside, he was a huge dick and selfish to the core person. 
Specially the middle two. 
Remove that hand man. Be confident of your physique. You have done amazingly untill yet. 
Huh "celebrity" 
And how will we quickly recall what comes before 377 in Fibonacchi sequence ? Kindly enlighten me
Look we have a badass here !
Liebniz discovered Calculus independently of Newton at the same time. They are both considered co-founders. 
Ghengis Khan would be astonished to see what Donald Trump could do today with mere push of a button. 
Ghengis Khan would be astonished to see what Donald Trump could do today with mere push of a button. 
:(
Wait i think they already have them as 1/3 of their population? 
I can feel your pain. 
Hot
Honestly you are the first person who seems completely satisfied by LG. Are you their employee? 
The world is not that full of roses Sir. Many people i know have G5 bootloops and LG fucked them over by never repairing it correctly. All of them will never buy an LG ever. 
And a preinstalled bootloop. 
Was browsing that subreddit for the first time.
Are you sure 8 people died ? News source ? Or just counting the ones who fell ?

How can you guess the identity of the killer by this video ?
He did not ask her because severed heads in your deep freezer do not talk.
Exactly my point.
What ? My wife cooks it in the house .i think we aren't discussing same dishes. Here is how it looks here https://www.google.com/search?q=chicken+qorma&hl=en-US&source=android-browser&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwii_aXBoLbTAhVL1BoKHWdrBBsQ_AUICCgB#hl=en-US&tbm=isch&q=qorma
Makes me think,can glass butt plugs snap inside your ass ? Ever heard of cases like these ?
Not sure whether r/unexpected or r/expected ?
Wait why this Qorma looks overloaded with turmeric ? In Pakistan Qorma does not look like that. 
Nope he is a sociopath.
You seem to have uncanny ability to reply to underage posters. Is there something you are hiding? 
No need to be sassy here. I was just telling a fact about myself. I dont love them but i don't loose my shit either if one falls on me. They are just insects, unless they are venomous i am fine with them. 
Yeah literally. 
Meh. That spider can crawl all over my body with all its family members all day and night and i wouldn't even twitch. 
Why would they free up birds on a funeral ? What does it symbolize ?
What ? He looks 30 year old.
Yeah i figured, after pictures are not so much good looking with you counting semen stained bills. 
Is it a pic taken before or after the blow job pickup ?
I would have committed suicide by now.
Master Shifu does not like things in his way.
Try to talk to previous tenants. The best solution. 
Poor you. 
Can't he send a huge ass settlement claim for this public dishonor and personal trauma? 
I am a novice but doesn't that guarantee a huge dildo in the a** kind of lawsuit for United Airlines? 
I am confused how he even had a boner in the first place ? 
O man not fall slightly, the worst twisted ankle case. 
Yeah very cold. I couldn't stand in it for more than 30 seconds. 
Gosh I have never seen someone lose the genetic lottery so hard. 
So did you fuck yourself? 
He is Pakistani.
Well, Technically, He looks like a Pakistani. 
r/jesuschristreddit
Not Original either. 
I wonder why? 
Anyway i was speaking in global terms. I am not American and sure there is a whole world outside USA . 
I am not interested in your political ramblings. 
Good perspective. Thank you for answer. 
No i am not liberal and don't want that discussion now. Just tell me global factors. Don't be specific to one country. 
I think you are right somehow. 
I thought liberal means tolerant of everyone not intolerant? 
World does not mean only America. I wanted to ask global factors. Not just one country. 
I was born in 85 and remember 90s onwards. 
But what do you say about the rise of terrorism and poverty increases in African/Asian countries in last two decades ? 
But why people feel more in distress now? 
I guess Pshizofrenia? 
I prefer clash of clams, if you know what i mean ;) 
They beat each other off? 
:O For hundreds of $, it better cure diabetics! 
And then fell down forever. 
You are not a good decision maker. 
26$? What? I can buy it in Pakistan (a poor country) for 5$.
Grindr*
Baratheons still exist, just not in power. Do you think Robert, Stannis and Renly were the only Baratheons families alive? 
Not for average people in US. 
Not for average people in US. 
What app? 
You would think million of Volts would atleast turn the lights on.
What is  so upsetting  about drinking bleach ? 
Not a good angle if you want our opinion. Post from front angle and a before pic to compare it with. 
Or a cat /dog. 
Expensive? 
Why same sex? 
Plz explain. 
Any idea how expensive Times Square Residence is? Is their a hotel there? 
Vegas in $89? 
Sex shops? 
Scrubbing on runway skidmarks does not count as "working on airplanes". 
They probably are already. 
First I was confused like 29.5 is so low glucose level, Then my stupid mind woke up and the horrifying realization of multiplting it by 18 set in and i audibly gasped.
Holy shit OP i can't even think of going beyond 12. I think I would die if i go above 15. You are brave man. 
Plz share whatbdid you donto get it at 6 %? 
My monthly income is equivalent to 400 Euros. I can't even think of getting it. Its barely supporting my family :(
Poor 74th model, doesn't t have full body only 80% of it. 
Damn in 60 eusos i can get test strips for an etire year! 
I can't see purple color there.
Who is Bobby B ?
It made me wonder what kind of love it was that he overturned the greatest dynasty that ever ruled Westeros for someone that he didn't even remember the face of ? Can you explain anything about this ?
You spray the insides of your dick ? Because only that will keep your house kid free.
Its is because you are a grown adult. Kid's muscle strength to their weight ratio allows them to do sorcery like this.
No you can always sort the thread by "New"
Anyone knows why hamster do that labour tirelessly ? i mean what is their thought process? 
Are you bald ? Are you that kind of "tops" that dont even touch bottom's dick and just want to fuck a hole available and as soon as you discharge you zip up and leave ? Because if that is true i am not surprised. 
Is this picture real ? Who are these two people? 
Hillary Clinton ?
They are called "papad" in Pakistan. And we love them too. 
T1 , Metformin 500 mg after meal ,30 min brisk walk daily, A1C 2 weeks ago 5.7%
That link is staying blue. 
Pics like these made me atheist.
You got low by eating pizza ? How come ? 
:( i am from a third world country. No chance of continuing monitor. No health support from govt. Or insurance. All on my pocket. Even glucometer strips are crazy expensive for me. Just a poor bastard who wants to live... 
Fellow diabetics i am new one in this club. I have read about diabetes and personal experiences of people. I often wonder that why different people have different diabetic symptoms and feelings(e. some people fall down feel dizzy or sweat alot when below 60-70 onbthe other hand i dont feeling anything even at 38 (my lowest ever) when they have highs or lows, despite having same disease ? 
Now only if she inserted two fingers in him... 
Adam's apples? 
Don't know why i laughed so hard. 
The thumbnail alone is so awful makes me not want to watch the documentary. Is it the alien based hogwash ?
Goosebumps !
So what were the pyramids for then?
Plz send me his profile link
Why  dangerous ?
Fucking Indians. 
No it can't be. I have seen this dialogue being said and i have not seen Schindler list even once. 
I keep reading about this. what is the relationship between feminists and tumblr? 
I have seen this movie but forgot the name. Plz tell 
Truckers have big balls? 
Is it original pic of him? 
You are missing atleast a dozen ks at the end. 
You win this thread. 
What happened? 
Try Relay
Thanks 
OMG my fingernails are frantically pinching each other in excitement to peel all that off. 
She is not into you. 
Plz explain what happens to them when they are being flashed ? 
And also its occupants, in the opposite corner. 
Who is this person? why he is in a glass box in a church ? How old is this? 
Boring story , time wasted.
As a sociopath, i adore how people are capable of showing such intense emotions. 
That thing is hereditary? 
Isn't that a crime ? Abortion without consent? 
Ding Dong You have got male! 
Yeah i know, i was just saying whatsapp is more popular than snapchat overall.
Wow .news for me.
WTF are you saying ? Whatsapp is way more popular than Snapchat globally. Get your head out of your school usage and look at the world sometimes.
If you can afford it ,live alone.If not try to get a gay room mate.
What water world ?
Using symbols you cheeky bastard. 
Don't you dare cut it, Mummify it, frame it and send me a picture .A bun like this is baked into existence after a thousand years! 
Dry land means? 
One word :"Religion"
Not wearing a ring doors not necessarily make him single and not on gay apps does not make him straight either. If he has not given any hint of interest in you or any other younger guy. I suggest you dont proceed. 
What is meant by throwing monry in the air? Explain to a non English. 
Plz share a gif or video. 
Then why they are so much sexualized? 
Can't be, i am 31.other than that everything is similar. 
You were "inside" someone? 
Are you me ? 
I am from pak too. I am 31 from Lahore. 
From where in Asia ? 
Your father must resent his marriage choice. 
That is horrible. 
Pics? For science obviously 
Any pics of your head ?even outline would suffice. 
And a thick dick too.
What is CF lumen for? 
Take your best guess. 
Awwwww
She is the only one of the species still alive, who else do you expect? 
But i was taught they are extinct. 
Now i want cookies ... :(
Insulin band-aid ? What is that ? I use syringe and insulin vial.
Added in friends list as "the guardian spirit" :) 
Thank You. Added in friends list as "the guardian spirit" . 
You have a way with words surely. Liked reading your comments.can i know how old are you and since how many years diabetic? M/F ? 
Thanks for typing all that out. really appreciated.i also sometimes get tired and annoyed as hell by always thinking about carb counts and insulin dosages etc . By the way what unit is 51 ? I had last HbA1c as 5.7% .where does 51 stand ?
Can you give me rough idea how often that "once off" can be ?actually i am a big buffet meal fan and can't resist the sight of fancy deserts :(
He can't fuck his own wife. Because to fuck someone he needs her to be pregnant but how can she be pregnant if he had not fucked her in the first place ? Its a conundrum .Only swollen bellies give his 2 inch stiffy.
Means i can eat any amount of chocolates and take correct insulin dosage and i ll remain fine ? No high HbA1c values ?
Laughing my ass off here.
Nope. Microsoft Paint . 
Yes. Just wanted to see your tastes... 
That is totally not shopped. 
Desires to be a bottom ? Going on their own ?are you kidding ? They never go away like that.
But good roommate is definitely a good friend .No?
Is there something secretly going on? 
Sorry can't see it. 
Who is the front man? 
What are family jewels? 
He might have become your friend to get closer to your daughter. 
Calm down Satan. 
The fuck is estivation? 
Dickbutt ?
But can the weight of a tree branch that thin fully impale the cow like that ? Unbelievable.
Well they shouldn't have price it so damn high in the first place.
Baldness ? Duh.
I wish i would be this active and happy in that age.
Airplane and stolen are the words that sound strange together.
It is obviously sped up clearly noticeable from the movement of  Aurora. 
Strap on for your dad ?
Not when your aim is bad.
That was not my question. I wanted to know the altitude.
Your wife cheated on you with your brother.
How high that plane is flying ?
No shit !
Jesus Christ !
:( makes me sad. 
What happened to it ? Where did it go ?
From where? 
Trump banning Musli... Oh wait.
Nice try, Miley Cyrus. 
Yeah totally right. 
Batshit craziness has no rules. 
I think her head is in his deep freezer. 
Thats Painfully obvious attempt at humor. 
So Mercedes is fucked? 
That the world is more cruel and indifferent than you previously thought. 
The wall needs to be higher imo.
Agh.. I will never call anyone genius again.
Not yet honey,not yet.
Would you people mind providing a photo along with who ever you are naming here ?
Praise the Lord , No one got killed !
You mean STDs ?
How much a large coffee cost at McDonald's there? 
What is a freezing rain? 
Yeah like eating a butt hole is all the pleasure there is in the world! 
Argh....
What do you prefer ? Being Top or bottom ? 
Plz tell what steps are you taking to improve? 
You deserve gold 
Explain this sensitization please. 
Don't love them so much or they might over populate. 
Just the head of an already killed parasite on a spike. To give warning to all the incomers. 
Laughed out loud. 
Hope are they programmed? Who programs them? 
May be your immune system was careless as a teen when you were ateen and now it matured up ?  
Oh i didn't see it first time.
Every fucking one. I bet it
My little guy is brown.
What if you insert the base in too ?
How do you know its a she ?
~~For others~~ For Karma
What phone did you use? 
Loved that handwriting. 
Anyone needs slightly used hiking and camping gear? Absolutely free. 
And guarenteed you wont touch your own dong for a month atleast !
God Nooooooooo ! Not again Neeeeevvvvveeeerrrrrrrr !Agh
What happens if ketones form and one doesn't go to hospital. 
Your package is not so small. Dont compare with porn standards. 
How someone shits inside a condom ?
New diabetic here. Why ketones formations are so worrisome ? 
Are you hairless naturally? 
What do you mean ? Is it legal ? Do more guys do this ?Why?
What is it a daily occurence there?
I have that ass ,I win.
I wonder why ?
More like Howww ?
Means stop expecting more than what is given to them freely.
She keeps comparing our dicks, and i am a grower :(
Give me the address of your dumpster. 
Yeah it is so unsatisfying. The sight of four zeros with a sweet chiming beeps makes me orgasm. 
Yanking* How science-y, Lol.
Except Trump's dick.
You don't know the rules of proportionality. do you ?
To show that its not a black and white smartphone. 
Came here to say that. Damn he looks like a serial killer who wears sweaters of his victims in public and their skins in private. 
You should cool it with liquid nitrogen. 
Say hi to your asylum's warden. 
Because not everyone's mother has taken two husbands or lovers ? 
its just an anonymous part of the whole. The whole video might have their faces that they might not want to display in public. Stop being ungrateful bastards and learn to be content with what is given. 
Yeah but its just an anonymous part of the whole. The whole video might have their faces that they might not want to display in public. Stop being cheap and learn to be content with what is given. 
4K on a laptop screen ? They must be crazy stupid and i would love to see the battery performance on that laptop? 10 min tops. 
Are you a serial killer ? 
Yikes! 
You use your lungs to watch ? 
Whales are not people.
No need for its gender identification .its never going to get sex.
Are "diet fries" really a thing in US? 
And smelly? 
Who would clean the splatter ? 
Why people ask source on everything ? it might be someone's own private video or pic.
Hello Stannis .You are alive ?
Hey no one asked you to be so bitter. 
Really appreciated the answer. explained quite well. I wish at least in US (that i consider the spearhead of Technology and Humanity in general) these things should be easily and cheaply available. in my understandings all Americans are elves in LOTR movies living excellent (obviously not immortal :) lives in excellent environments. I know the reality to some extent but i want it to be an ideal that we 3rd world people may look up to.
Targaryen actually. 
What i understood is bolus is that transparent vial and basal is that cloudy white vial that has written 70/30 over it ? 
Holy ****. Dreams crushed. Being a south asian i cant even dream if getting it. My monthly income is just equivalent to 650$. The equipment itself doesn't seem so expensive. Why is it so ?
Would you have bought it if you didnt have insurance ? I want to know whether people there generally can afford it or not ? 
Painfully deliberate attempt at humor :(
Still faster than Apple doing innovation. 
what is bolus ?
You are over thinking .it is probably nothing.
How much does it cost you ?
Why they don't have any shoes ? 
You can safely remove the Queen. 
Yeah but you are a mere 3 dimensionsal creature. 
Lithium Cyanide. 
You are just jealous he might invent the time machine by using his quantum illusions and unquantifiable IQ. 
But then how else you two would watch underage incest porn while alone in the wilderness? 
Because you can? 
Brutal. 
Anyone knows the aftermath of that accident ? 
I need to see the face expression on the banner keeper. Plz anyone? 
Like feeling ass stretched while watching gay porn ? 
Everything is right but forget about that being for 10$.
Anorexic you had more chances of getting laid.
Go to a clinic or hospital and get it tested. You shouldn't take it lightly.
Have you checked your blood sugar before breakfast ? 
The tests will clearly indicate if he has it or not. by the way you cant have 546 suddenly (unless he has some other disease) .i suspect he is diabetic for a while just ignored the signs. Meanwhile eat vegetables oats and other low card diets keep doing exercises. keep checking blood levels atleast before and after every meal.use insulin acoordingly and he will be fine. No more sugar binges for remaining life. 
WTF are these names? 
10 year gap is small not huge here . 
But who is most beautiful in the world ? 
Your kid must have poor peripheral vision or all kids have it idk ? 
Rajni Kaant.
With joy? 
Fuck the infection.Could you write more ? 
I ll keep it and It will be my pillow and its name will be squishy.
I ll keep it and It will be my pillow and its name will be squishy.
Then sand snakes shouldn't have been there either. 
Plz plz any more like these? 
You are a minority. 
What religion do you follow? 
Practically yes. Some religions frown upon homosexuality some outcast them and some straight away kill them. 
What's the problem with your wife? 
You are an idiot 
But no squats there :( 
Be religious or be gay. Atleast thats what i learned. 
So on r/str8daddiespics ? I don't know why but i really like you. :(
Is that you? 
Irl? 
What awesome religion do you follow that allows you to marry same sex ? 
The SAT candidates ? 
i dont understand. are the wars won by using heavy words ? 
How much cheap? 
More than just squats..
Ny the way can you touch your toes and post a pic ? ;) God you are gorgeous. 
Yeah in a room full of pigs? 
I thought people would take it as a compliment for you :(
Event horizen.... i died.
No wonder its vacant.who in their right mind would  pay $78000 a month for watching a cement jungle? 
i m gay and you know what thoughts are rampant in my head right now? 
You kinda look like a younger Michael Caine. And what would the blog be about in general? 
TRIGGERED
They are same because we are the same old redditors, refusing to change . 
Can you give me link to any example where a wrong advice has been upvoted? 
Can a falling person from that height  kill a person walking on the ground? i think i know the answer. 
How much time between you saw the sunlight hit the uppertip to the time when you took the pic?
I am calm because i am a sociopath.
Christmas sales are just too enticing! 
Gosh how did you figure that out? 
not everyone is an Australian here.
is it r/roastme? 
Thank you for the reply. 
Didn't you check it before you bought it? 
Plz serious. 
Vented ?do you feel better now? 
And pee in every corner to assert dominance on them. 
Whats a gigablast? 
Ken Bone i didn't expect you to indulge in cheap parlor tricks to get famous again. 
OMG how common is it? 
And also "no housemaid robots" either as our childhood comics had us believed that we would have them by 2015.
You sound oddly specific. 
What the hell is a skimmer and what does it do? 
No one *else**
What is "Focus" ? 
No they are in different continents. Cant you read the map? 
Thank God you didnt send it to Spain. 
Try under the tongue. 
For air to go down or should be *light* ass liquid. 
r/creepy
Plz give a figure of what the rent could be? 
r/rimslivesmatter
You sure know your Maths.
looks more a dick pic rather than a bady progress pic.
Hits too close to home.
Lolz. 
Back view ? Loved your front. 
Nope. Never raped and i have a strong liking of older stocky daddies.had my very first sex when i was 21. 
Does downloading and making profile on grindr makes your friends or family know you are using it? Can this app send message or call to my phonebook contacts ?
Does downloading and making profile on grindr makes your froends or family know you are using it? Can this app send message or call to my phonebook contacts ? 
I don't know may be Karma whoring ? 
who are the two people in OP's picture? 
Wait.. Santa is a white fat male. How he has a black co*k? 
What would you do with a long lone life anyway? 
Jesus.... 
On 3 min ? Your group is not that active. 
To be honest the story was drifting away... 
Tell your uncle I need him in bed. 
TWO! 
That much people Density and it starts to feel like a fluid. 
Meh... You should visit train stations in India. 
Loved the leaf. 
Is this pic retouched? 
Nuts*
You never ate it ? Do they have a website?  
And shipped them back with problems persisting.
You should have poly juice potion ready, When cops turn up Become your wife and get double profit.
What was the price of that platter you were eating at 4:56 ?
seasoning, herbs or spices? 
Do you apply any seasoning, herbs or spices? 
Do you apply any seasoning, herbs or spices? 
Why did you have to rub it in on a hypertensive ? 
Only on Galaxy Note 7.
Your phone will catch silver colored flames and burst. 
You want to try "Crucio" on your mother in law. Don't you? 
A deep freezer? 