That's pretty good information, I'll have to check with my new school when I transfer. Thanks, man.
A lot of that stuff has moved to wikis or just online databases ala Destiny. It's unfortunate though, I preferred it being in a physical format.
There are plenty of applications where the service model is superior to certain people. I know scores of folks that used to only pirate Adobe products but now they subscribe to the CC. I remember Master Suite (or Collection?) would be like $2k-3k and it would be outdated rather quickly. The CC, while still fairly hefty in price ($53 a month for all apps), it would still take 3 years to reach the same low point price as the old Master Suite _and_ you don't have to purchase MS _again_.

Outside of Adobe, I am wholly ignorant to any other programs or services that were around before the current era where everything is a service. I think Office is a pretty bad offender, being $99 a year (for 5 users) or $69 a year (for 1 user), but that doesn't really seem to apply to students or personal use ($150 purchase for the basic Word, Powerpower, Excel, and OneNote).

Naturally, not all programs are created equal, and I'm sure there are some bad models out there.
No, but seriously, fuck Mike Milbury.
The best way I've ever seen it described was in a comic book where two people have a "charge" or so above their heads. The introvert's goes down in a social situation, and an extrovert's goes down in a personal situation and they charge back up in the vice versa. 
Usually when someone gets a wild hair up their ass to be nice. I give out sets of stuff to cool people I run into, but it's not quite frame sets (mainly because I don't have them). I have given many a new player a Paris or Cernos Prime.
It was required reading for people of an age who don’t give a shit about the message it tries to send. I don’t know why you’re surprised that high school students don’t want to read/retain 1984.
Shit, man, I didn't even know that it existed until yesterday.
So you basically want focus trees from HOI4? I mean, the current mission system is basically a worse, temporary version of it. 

I'd personally rather repeatable missions, somehow. 
They've been getting better about it, but they've been one of the most common offenders for a while now.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Zodiac SL // Sherpherd SN lottery
Yea, that's basically _the_ one that stuck out to me where I thought to myself "This is kind of dumb."
The one thing the new system is better at is making you try different things. I came back to the game well after I'd completed the star chart back in early 2016 and had to do the junctions since they weren't autocompleted. Some of them were dumb, but a lot of them were enjoyable and put my out of my normal play style.

The boss fights at each one are kind of stupid though.
Really, _this_ was the instance that allowed you to feel this? 
Keep saying that.
I was more so going with the Lazarus angle, but that works too.
Definitely not the first round this season. The only interesting series was the Leafs/Bruins. Every other one was a crush, although the Jackets/Caps was almost interesting before the Caps won 4 in a row lol.

So far this second round is more interesting, however. 
Man, your theory is way more developed than mine but when the whole mass suicide thing came up this episode I had to think to myself "Ford is totally still fucking with William, this is all a sham."

I can fucks with this one though.
Episode 2*

Great catch though. I wonder how much more we'll delve into William's backstory to how he became MIB in this season. I have to figure they're going to leave some allure to next season.
I have a feeling that was intended, what with the symbolism of Dolores being able to bring people back to life and whatnot. She's robot Jesus now!
Do they know that though? It seems their extraworldy affairs have been pretty limited to the class of people who would both go to and run Westworld. Or, at least, that's what we've been shown thusfar.
When I first started watching football, the '98 Jets was the team I ended up watching more often than not. Vinny Testaverde was my hero back then. I fucking loved that team and then god damn horse face had to do his stupid horse things.
It pretty much comes down to Wade keeping the defense in check, but I have a feeling that's mainly going to be Peters. AFAIK, Talib and Suh are good teammates, even if Talib isn't exactly a model human being and we know he already respects the fuck out of Wade.

The offense, I think, will take a step back but still be really good. I doubt Gurley will have the same season but we did also add Cooks to the roster, who I feel will be able to replace that role Watkins had fairly well. Kupp and Woods were pretty damn good too. So the offense does run a lot through Gurley, but it's not like he was our _entire_ offense. 

That being said, if Goff doesn't continue to develop with these weapons (assuming they're relatively healthy, not ala Giants last year) then there will be cause for concern.
Honestly, the Jets did overachieve a bit last season. If McCown didn't get injured I saw them going 7-9, which was way better than the projected 0-16. 

It comes down to the CBs stepping up, really, and some actual pass rush going on. The offense was, surprisingly, fine. The defense was ascendant compared to 2015 via the eye test, but still had some bad blowouts, especially later when they were just gassed the whole time. I think letting Davis go was a mistake, personally, but I don't know what he was asking for.

Still, with the additions of Crowell and Pryor, I could see the offense taking that step forward. It also helps that after McCown (assuming he wins the starting role) you have Teddy B who has experience and is _markedly_ better than Petty (I know, shooting for the stars there) and if he flubs then you might be able to see what you have in Darnold.

I think this is the year the Jets start to put it together, but not actually have it come together yet.
BF1 will run on a bad GPU, but not really on a bad CPU.
He's done this a couple of times before. His Arma group is on like it's third iteration because people leave.
CO

Good: Seemed like there was plenty of action, and hard times, for both squads. Didn't seem light.

Bad: I feel like the transport portion of air was _mildly_ unnecessary, but Poulern ended up in the CAS chopper. I also kind of felt like I handled the air part of the mission poorly. Sorry Poulern & Starvolt :(

Ugly: Nothing.

Personal highlights: Hanging out with Bravo while they attacked the AA. It was cool seeing a small team function while Alpha was having some fun in the city.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Rogue 1-3 SL
Something more reliable, but far more boring, is doing a max range Limbo build and Catabombing a map since that will destroy crates and whatnot. I always walk out with 6 minimum.

You could also get a Kohm and a Nekros. Shreds things into up to 4 pieces.

Honestly, Orokin Cells could have their drop rate adjusted at least a tiny bit. I get they want to keep them rare but it’s kind of ridiculous that one of the most commonly used rare mats is so hard to get.
No....no....not Korg D:
IGN: Harold

SLOT: Reserves
Beautiful song, man.
It was fucking hilarious how he said it too lol. With that "Yea, I'm short and look what I did." feel to it.
That's what people seem to miss. It's not that Andy Dalton himself was the benchmark for it, it was his play from '11-'14.
If we kept them, we'd have 5 fucking QBs. That's ridiculous. Kick 'em both to the curb.
Delicious. Fuck yea, Jets.
I still posit that Geno would have been fine on a team that had any offensive weapons. He went from the Jets where there was nothing (and he was _okay_ in his one showing in 2015) to the Giants where he played a game after the offense was lost. He's never had an actual chance.

I mean, he's probably always going to be trash now though.
Anymore*
God _DAMMIT_ I love Josh McCown.
I don't think you know what butthurt looks like, buddy.
If he's talking about all of the WRs, then it's corps. If he's talking about the main 3 or so, then it's core. It's always confusing because context is sometimes left out.

Either way, we know what the dude meant.
Isn't that kind of related to the mandated limits on practice times though? It's not just hurting offensive linemen, it's kind of hurting every position.
The Dolphins have been the worse franchise for like two decades now, your chirps are weak as shit.
I definitely wouldn't feel bad about it. I paid the early adopter's price and got my 1070 Superclocked for $480 (this is after taxes/shipping) and it's been a stout card since I put it into the box. Love the thing.
First off, Molly Parker is a total babe.

Second off, I thought the new show was pretty good despite these things. I don't know how people aren't used to this stuff anymore, almost no movie/TV, space or not, gets physics right.
No. It's a lazy, shitty map that doesn't function even close to the rest of the way the game plays and highlights the problems that per-class concealment brings out. Cruisers are mostly fucked on the map, DDs and BBs are...okay, but it's literally just shoot each other at max range. 

It's not fun.
Downcast. 

I've used it for like 6 god damn years and it's never given me a single issue, is easy to organize, and looks pretty nice. I don't see people talking about it as much anymore, but for just listening to podcasts, it works great so I have no real reason to change.
There's a 99.9999999999999999999999999% that person is just a regular dude. This sub's projection about this guy based on 3 lines of text is fucking hilarious.
People who stay in missions longer technically only hurt their efficiency for the sake of either wanting to stay in the mission or wanting more of a challenge. AABC folds back in on itself, so staying in a mission does not mean you'll be getting more.

It's not the aggregate total that DE is concerned about, it's the rate in which rewards are gained. At the moment it's fairly even keel.
That's the unfortunate side effect of how they decided to do clan wars. Once you reach Typhoon it can be a serious slog to get the 30 wins you need. My clan did fairly well until the majority of the A-team, for lack of a better word, players had their fill of clan wars. Then it turned into a bit of a nightmare.
Were they not already? The only time I've gone past 8 was a miracle run on the first day where we failed at 13. Every other time I've stopped at 8.
Even more to the point, it was pretty obvious to anyone who does sorties that the enemies were _not_ properly scaling in elite. Like, the difference in difficulty between normal and elite was almost nonexistent. 

I'm not a huge fan of their scaling in general with armor, but it was plainly obvious to me that it wasn't going to stay like that.
They've made it pretty clear in the past that they won't have scaling rewards because they don't want people who have oodles of time to surpass those who do not. Warframe, as a game, caters pretty heavily to a casual playerbase.

I don't necessarily agree with it, but you say "Face it, we won't have this" and all I can think is...well, no shit. They've told us that straight up. Several times.
All of those BPs are ridiculous. I...may have accidentally purchased the Neural Sensors one. I muscle memory'd my way to it lol, but I've never used it. They seem so excessive for what they are.
I've always understood that generations get a placeholder identifier before eventually being given an actual name. With the exception of Gen X, but Millennials were also referred to as Gen Y before being given an actual name to the generation. 
No worries my brudda!

I do agree that they should implement the solo extract from the Plains to the rest of the game. It is such a useful feature.
[Here](http://warframe.wikia.com/wiki/Focus_2.0#Total_Costs) you go, I'm not sure if values have changed or anything, but that table shows 211 days for total completion of the Focus trees.
Defense has solo extract though.
I thought it took 210 days without using shards? Which, admittedly, is not quite a year, just over half, but still.

I would still say that's a pretty intense grind, even if it's not anywhere near as long as passive play. 
I agree with you, man. Even playing through ESO I was wondering when they were going to address the enemies being incredibly easy to kill even when they were level 100. I never said anything about it, and I didn't really see too much discussion about it, but you could easily see that it wasn't going to stay the way it is. 

That's just from the enemy scaling though, it's a little lame that focus still requires a year or so to actually fucking finish. Like, that's just completely ridiculous.
What a terrible loss for the community.
> If you're still maxing out standard weapon mods, you're extremely new.

I don't know about this one. Maxing out the 10 ranked mods is expensive and I could see why people don't want to do it.
It is all lies. Every last bit of it.
Okay.
Outside of freshly plopped updates, I have a strong feeling it's because there legitimately is no reason to be better than others. In other PVE games there's still a reason to be great or the best or be kitting to the teeth. In Warframe you can go into like 99% of the missions in the game with whatever and be fine. 

Shorter missions, generally, might help as well. 
Isn't Cetus surrounded by a shield? Might have something to do with that.
Oberon is a paladin. His whole schtick is that he's a paladin and/or a druid. I don't know if you ever played him before the rework, but Hallowed Ground used to be a rectangle and it had kind of like a mist coming out of it? It honestly sucked. My point though is that one ability that makes grass when the rest of his abilities are not revolving around nature at all doesn't really make him a nature based frame, and that's especially true from his original form in the game where there was 0 grass or nature involved in his kit at all.

Him and Titania are actually pretty similar as I think they're _actually_ supposed to be types of fairies or some such. They're in tune with nature, but not nature based, if that makes sense. 

Either way, it was just another idea to throw out there. I don't think they've quite exhausted ideas for frames and they can always have options like how Frost and Gara kind of swap between offensive defense and defensive offense. Same role accomplished different ways.
Nah, they just came around at the perfect time and you gotta look at how some of these players were performing before going to Vegas. Perron, Karlsson, Marchessault, and Reily hadn't sniffed 60 point seasons and yet here they are, all of them above 60. Haula and Miller having career years as well, and James Neal is a pretty good player in his own right.

They get a pretty good GM and coach in McPhee and Gallant, they got a great starting goalie in MAF because his time in Pittsburgh was up regardless of the situation. A lot of teams unloaded players or contracts that they either didn't want or couldn't keep. When Seattle comes around, I _very_ highly doubt that they'll have the same success because I doubt they'll be lucky enough to have the same pieces to play with.


The release was horrible in that sense, but they've done enough of a good job these days that threads just based on the game aren't purely negative anymore. I still admonish HG for how they handled the marketing and release of the game, but I admire that they put their heads down and continued to support the game and continue to do so now.

They aren't perfect, and that reputation that they got for the release was very well deserved. I won't 100% go to bat for them or anything, despite it seeming that way, just that I believe we should recognize both when developers fuck up and when they try to redeem themselves.
I still find it kind of silly that the elemental frames are proc'd by their own element. I know Ember has some way where fire damage increases damage of fire abilities, but why is Frost slowed by the ice barrels? He's an ice monster, dammit.
I can see it being bottom up.

General idea of the frame is support. What do support frames do? Provide health, energy, or other buffs. What does Harrow do? Does all of those...actually, come to think of it. 

Okay, so how? The idea of having a CC/stun as a 1 isn't too crazy but what if that stun played in to something else? So there you have his 1 and 2 working together. 

You can really throw anything else is there to finish it up, but you see the general theme of the _gameplay_ of it, without actually setting the theme yet. It just so happens that the priest thing worked out pretty well.
I wouldn't mind more elemental or type based frames. Like, do we have one based around the idea of nature? I know Atlas is kind of an "earth" frame, but just one that's like...grass, I guess. I know grass isn't a damage type in the game, but it could just be another toxic frame but rather than being based around spores ala Saryn, maybe it's based around growth. I'm just spitballing.

Also...Void frame?
Thanks man :)
Just be aware mods are only available on PC, as are some other minor tricks from ini editing.
We can all come together for a crushing loss of a division rival in their first season. I'm already absolutely chaffed that they won the division in the first place. That's our spot, dammit!
Yes, but still not what was promised. 

There is base building, which I know sounds strange, but it serves as a function of exploration later game. You don't have to do it, but it's a nice bit of 10-15 hours of content to do all the quests for it. There are a few pieces of narrative story telling that are pretty good, although there's no VA, it's just text and image based (think like older 90s RPGs). It's touted as about 30 hours of content, but I never actually finished it so I'm not sure about that.

There's okay ship variety, and the planet variation is nice to look at and explore but there could still be more planetary content. The fauna is pretty bad still, but it can be interesting.

It's a solid $20-30 purchase. Mods can make the exploration much more enjoyable, or a bit obnoxious depending on what you want to do. I think it's a solidly okay game, with a decent loop of enjoyment, but it's still not what was promised at all.
It wasn't just different, it was wholly lacking content at all. It was a very bare game.

I didn't buy it, nor did I buy into the hype. I was one of the people who kept asking "Yea, okay, but what do you actually do in this game?" I purchased the game after Atlas Rising came out and I put 120 hours into it no problem. I found it very enjoyable.
Applebee's also is...quite generous when you get alcohol. Their Long Island iced teas are fucking gigantic.
I wasn't aware he was hated here, I thought he was just a really, really solid source of memes.
I actually liked TFA quite a bit, even if it has rehashed plotlines and clear lines to ANH. I probably always will, but we'll see how I feel about TLJ, it's a solid "It's okay" from me, personally.
FWIW, I hope the Sharks beat the Knights. If it were almost anyone else (fuck the Kings) then I'd hate you, but the free world is depending on you to put those bastards down.
TLJ just had too much stuff in it, not narratively, that was just...out of place. The whole Superman Liea thing, Luke brushing off his shoulder, the anticlimactic nature of the ending (which can be subjective, I'm sure people loved it, I just felt it was just like...oh, okay death now very suddenly). 

The story they told with TLJ is fine by me and the major and important plot points are also fine by me but there was just a lot of little stuff that ended up with me being rather disappointed in it.
Guess it's time to spec for AA in my DM again.
I don't really dig the foot logo either, but at least up until last year the OG logo was on a ton of our gear. Then they did away with alternates for this season :(

The Ducks' thirds last year were the most glorious thing.
Sucks the Ducks got knocked out, but I'm about them Pens all the way now.

EDIT: Lol, downvotes for liking a team
Whoa, whoa, whoa...Anaheim has a birdbro thing with them. Also r/hockey really hates both our teams so, yea.
Maybe you should. What are they going to do, get upset? It's your FB feed, you're allowed to see what you want on it, and if you don't want someone else's bullshit then tough shit for them. 
Sounds peaceful.
Because they crippled long term enjoyment of the game right out of the gate. I like BF1, quite a bit, but they made some serious missteps with it.

The server browser is shit, the server rental system is a complete and total joke (personally, I think this was the biggest problem), the lack of weapons and variety in general hurt the core gameplay, and too many of the maps from release were really chokepointy. The maps got better in the DLCs, but that only keeps the core players playing, not everyone else.
Gunboats.
It never really seemed all that difficult to just avoid any of the stuff you don't want to see from other people or pages. You can just delete people, or unfollow them so that nothing they do pops up, it's not that hard to get rid of bullshit on the website _from the users_.

Personally, I would stop using FB from a moral standpoint but they own Instagram so even if I did step away from it, they'd still get all muh shit anyway and I like IG way too much.
Oh I absolutely love it. Using Harrow's Penance with the thing just makes it hilarious.
I'm pretty sure the quills have innate status effects, and that modding status on the weapon doesn't actually do anything more _unless_ you are trying to add secondary elemental effects. So like using the poison quill will always do toxic damage but if you also have heat mods in there, then the status chance/duration is for the heat mods. It's hard to tell though since pistol status mods are pretty garbo.
It's not that weird. I ignore some games because the UI either isn't to my taste or objectively garbage. UI is extremely important, it's how you interact with the game.
That's exactly why they're T5+...
Just take coaches from the Redskins, worked for us.
Not consistently. I'm not sure it's actually intentional but you'll have some extractors have garbage spawns attached to them.
I'm not sure if I would put it as the most important game in the history of the league, but it's _definitely_ up there. Legitimizing the AFL was a huge boon to football everywhere. 
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: CO.

If we end up with the same numbers though, I'd be willing to take Bravo SL and running another team that way.
Thanks bud, it means a lot to have friends in this trying time.
I would imagine that baseball is probably more of a wet dream to statisticians because of the huge data set to work with. The NFL is very organized, however, and that lends itself well to some analytics. 
Fair enough, guess I'll just go do some digging.
Is there somewhere that I can read over and see what exactly I'm looking at on this image? I have next to 0 knowledge about advanced hockey statistics.
Ah, I forgot about that whole bit what with it never happening and all that. Good call.
I would do endurance runs for noggles. Just saying.
Considering she was delayed for so long and came out to be rather unimpressive, I'd say it qualifies as a mess.
It offers what it was intended for to veterans, a way to gain focus without having to only do Adaro. For those who have setups that are conducive to Adaro or, I guess, the Resquake Banshee setup, this means little. However, not every player, veteran or not, has those setups readily available nor do they all want to do the same thing for Focus. Onslaught allows you do bring a variety of setups provided they can kill quickly. The limitations to this is, and that _stupid_ ability limitation, is that certain frames won't be great. Oh well, thems the breaks. Most of the weapons and frames will work fine, however.

For Elite you get radiant relics, which I still find as a nice reward. You say you already have everything, they can't give you stuff that doesn't exist. They can implement different rewards to subjective values of better or worse. Personally I'd rather see the Endo replaced with kuva and the Captura scenes removed and replaced with something else. What, I have no idea, just...not those. As an aside, normal is basically a Hydron replacement as well. Without a booster, going to wave 8 will almost level a weapon from 0, and that's a solid fucking deal to me.

I also don't have an issue with the AABC system either. It doesn't take very long in either mode to get to wave 8. They've tied basically the entire game's reward system to AABC and it works just fine for the most part _other than_ some rotations in various missions giving garbage rewards. That's not the fault of AABC so much as the tables for those particular places.

The only part I agree with is the drop rates for Khora are a bit too low. I probably won't give a shit once I get the frame, however.
I am pretty sure that Onslaught doesn't have armor scaling like the sorties and whatnot.
There will always be someone who will complain. People hate archwing for a variety or reasons, some I mentioned above, some that I'm either no aware of or didn't bring up like momentum. Letting in languish isn't going to help anyone.

I have no comments on it being a railshooter or 2D game, one way or the other.
They actually aren't normal sized, but I would agree with you that some larger targets would probably help.

Archwing in general is really unfinished. Limited weapons, difficult to get mods that have limited effect, limited levels (which is somewhat understandable given that it's like...one planet or so), and almost everything requiring Tellurium. A rare resource that only spawns in archwing missions, that aren't fun because you have shit weapons with shit load outs. This is _before_ other resources that are required, namely Oxium. I know you can get it on some other places but it's not common at all. It's a cycle that sucks because it sucks right from the get go.

Archwing could be at least bearable if they gave it some more attention, but as it stands, it sucks for a myriad of reasons but most of them come right back to incomplete development of it as a game mode.
> Seems like comms broke down on the command net - we got pinned down by tanks in a rock formation for almost an hour I think.

No, we knew, we were trying to get resupply to work, but we couldn't load a box into the helo. That was quite a while after the engagement because no call for resupply came in immediately (because, naturally). Once we got back we did have some launchers and we hand waved us bringing in a box. 

We were trying, just wasn't going very well.
I've always assumed the super powers threads usually just had an implied power or immunity to the negative effects. Like if I wanted super strength I also wouldn't want to have to eat 8000 calories or whatever an hour.
The endgame is the chase for more things. Unfortunate, but that's how it is right now. They've kind of put in stuff with the Tridolon hunts but that's not really what everyone wants to do and has a limited build meta. 

I would always love more kuva and chances at rivens.
whoa
You can't tell me what to do. You aren't my supervisor.
I believe there was a bug that prevented them from being tradeable at a certain point.
I was under the impression that the main intention of Onslaught was a replacement for Adaro anyway. 

But, yea, I ran a normal one yesterday with a freshly forma'd weapon to see how far it would get levelled in ~8 waves, and I was at 28 when I left. No booster, and I had a full kit on me. Seems like a solid replacement for monotony of Hydron.
Ducat fodder, selling the rare parts if you get them, not _really_ the worst thing on the planet. 

What would you put in their place?
> If you add 20 +14= 36

Mmmmmmmmmmm I don't think so, man.
I don't personally feel like there's anything inherently wrong with the AABC system as a concept. It's that in a lot of missions, the A rewards are awful or it's just obnoxious to get to the C rotation, which is more the fault of the mission or tileset than the AABC rotation.

What they need to, IMO, is stop fluffing the reward tables with absolutely garbage tier rewards at the higher level content (40+). 100x Kuva during a bounty is a total joke (unless really low level...I guess). Credit caches are jokes. 50 Endo for some rotations is honestly insulting. 

I recognize that they want to have people playing the game, so they have to put some time gates on rewards. That's just the model they went with and that's the truth of it, it's not changing. I'd just rather the rewards match the required power or skill necessary to get it done or at the very least not be a slap in the face of the players.
In my experience, regardless of the game, the people who complain about a lack of adding content walk away over the course of time and the core player base is left. Most of us complain about stuff on here, but I'm pretty sure we all still turn on the game and fuck shit up.

I'm not the kind of person that buys in to the WF community be sunshine and rainbows but it's still a much better community than a shit load of games out right now.
I see what you're saying, but the rewards don't have to scale infinitely, or be that dramatic. I'm aware you were just putting in numbers to illustrate the point, but most of the C rotation rewards in missions aren't _so_ good that getting them often would be a huge issue.

Using credits as a measuring stick again, and we'll use your same baseline.

* 5 min = 20k
* 10 min = 25k (Total 45k)
* 15 min = 30k (Total 75k)
* 20 min = 35k (Total 110k)

Cap it there for rewards of the sort. You can play with the numbers (because we both know that's not quite the point here) to find a good middle ground, but I would definitely run long ass Survival or Defense missions if I could get C rotation rewards more often after a set amount of time. 

Personally, I'm not asking to be bathed in the best things, but giving people a reason to work towards the rewards and making them worthwhile would be a good change of pace for endurance runs or players who like to run those lengths. 
I doubt they'd ever do it. It'd take a long time to get to it, but DE seems to really not be on board with the whole "reward your players for time investment" gig like that. 
Thurible doesn't have range or DPS, so I'm confused by what you mean there.

At a full charge I'll get ~22 energy/kill. If you combine it with Penance, you'll most likely get your energy back fairly quickly. This is doubly so if you have a weapon that's good for headshots. During Plague Star I would use Harrow because I could pump out hundreds of energy faster than a Trinity could and all it would really take is recharging it between phases.

It's a good ability only limited by your ability to kill and having plentiful targets to do so.
Role: CO

Good: Banter, as always. The call signs. Comms were good. Seems like everyone had a lot of action. Initial assault through the LZ town until the main objective.

Bad: I felt like this mission was just too strong for the forces that we had and that was really the only issue. Like, if we either had more people or if the enemies were scaled back a bit then it would have been fine. We had 4 objectives and we couldn't even complete one. LAT wasn't quite enough, we were running really low on ammo, so on and so forth.

Ugly: Poor Grepa :(

Improvements: Just scaling, IMO. That's really it. I know we say it all the time, but I would like to rerun the mission that's a bit adjusted.

Personal highlights: Alabama Thunderpussy, Radical Skateboarding Doggo, and whatever the hell Wallace named himself for a little while.
That’s still kind of dumb. Isn’t there another bug where going through the portal as an Angstframe causes a crash?
Most Endo rewards are pretty terrible outside of the sortie and even there they double dip with the 4k Endo and the sculpture. You need so much by the end game that I think they could survive having 50% more given out.
Eh. He had a great postseason in '14 and '17. That's really it. Doesn't mean he won't show on a per-game basis or anything, but he doesn't really go to another level consistently in the postseason.
The best way I heard it was someone on here saying, and I quote, "That team underperformed and still sleepwalked to a Cup."
They were very good, played their game very well, and obviously made it happen.

However, the Ducks also played like putrid shit for three of the four games. It is more obvious to most people how much the Ducks fucked up. Game 2 was close but we could not get our shit together in the third period and ultimately a penalty basically cost us the game. Game 4 we played a good game, but ultimately fell because the Sharks were just the better team.

IIRC, the Sharks also closed out the season rather weak in comparison to the Ducks. I'm sure that had something to do with it as well.
Aren't the Umbra frames supposed to be a counterpart to the Prime versions of frames? That's probably why, because no one can get Excalibur Prime.
I feel like people don't know about the scaling now or something. The initial change to give the segments health did make it bad because it would break very often, very quickly at higher levels. With the scaling though it's completely fine now.
Honestly, I don't even know how her abilities synergize and I still find that she's incredibly powerful. Gara is a great frame, even when playing half of it.
Also if you build around it as a defensive mechanism, the base segment health can be built to be about 6.5k HP. Mass Vitrify is fine, the immediate nerf wasn't, but including the scaling makes it stronger than Frost's bubble.
Is the full title of the book Shattered Sword: The Untold Story of Midway?
It's kind of funny how that one change to the Tonkor completely made it irrelevant. Then they go and release a better version with the Lenz lmao.

Wukong is bad though, no two ways about it. 
Huh. Interesting. Now I'm curious how he did it during rehab lol.

I'm looking forward to seeing him back on the ice.
Glad to hear he's healthy again.

I'm curious as to when he tore the labrum though.
I'm not. Go birdbros.
We'll see about AD, no DE/DT has broken $20MM AAV yet so he can fit into our cap just fine. I'm assuming he'll probably get around $24MM or so, term I'm not sure on because it seems arbitrary at this point. I am pretty sure QBs will actually hit $30MM by the time Goff signs his contract, and by that point we'll have either signed people or let them go to keep him here. 

I'm also concerned about Peters and his attitude, but if anyone could wrangle him in, it'd be Wade. If not, then oh well, it was a nice move that has some potential problems. If we really need some cap relief we can also cut Talib since he has no dead money from what I can tell via OTC. 

Basically, I'm not very concerned about the future. I'm only really concerned about this year because with all 53 we're actually over the cap, but top 51 has us at, I think, $3.2MM which is...not a whole lot tbh.
> I think this is SB or bust in it's most pure form because they traded away valuable early round draft capital for proven players that we don't know will even be there in 2 years time.

I mean, yes and no. We're leveraging our picks this year to make a push..._this_ year. In the next three years, the one that has the least cap space and draft capital is this one. We have a ton of cap space next year and, naturally, even more the season after. We can build around whatever we end up getting. It's more like when Goff has to sign his big boy contract in 3 seasons for now when the team has to really look at what they need to do.

I'm fine with giving up picks this year for Talib, Peters, and Cooks. They are proven players. I don't think people really know the situation with the Rams when they keep saying the "bust" portion of the equation. We won't have our second round pick next year, but otherwise we're fine and we have cap space aplenty to sign the key pieces of the franchise. 

EDIT: Also, for what it's worth, I don't think any person who seriously looks at the situation thinks we're going to keep _everyone_. Obviously some people are going to leave, but it's just not as much of a leveraging of the future as people make it out to be.
I am very dumb and I thought that the 20th was a Saturday, and then on Saturday morning I was pulled away.

I will make myself available on the 22nd before the mission on Sunday. My sincerest apologies.
Like 90% of them was just "tittiess!"
Turns out rather than being unbearably hot with fire and brimstone, it's actually just a solid 80 degrees and Fire & Brimstone™ is actually just a local pizza joint.
That’s what I’m saying. Onslaught should be the mode people like me want but it has that dumb ability limiter and it’s a technical mess right now.
One of the complaints that I both have and have seen is that we've been given weapons and frames that can nuke entire maps of level 50 enemies, but never really require that kind of strength.

Onslaught _should_ be that mode, but the ability limitations and the technical problems have hampered it.
Congrats, Jets fans! Eat it up!
Tried a few more times, and I'm assuming people just kept crashing. Eventually, on wave 7, almost always, I'm left in a host migration that doesn't go away.

It's pretty sick, honestly. 
>Simaris's 4th ability limit spam I understand

I don't. This is an endless mission with several restrictions already present, it seems kind of silly to me that we have a cap on the capabilities that we have innate to the frames in a mission with level 100+ enemies.

I agree with the extraction thing though, earlier I'm pretty sure I had the 3 other people with me crash because they left at random intervals, but only during transitions. I would have liked to extract at some point to keep what I had since we were losing the ability to be as effective. Eventually, when the third guy crashed, I was stuck in host migration and had to close my game.
Minimal testing is the answer. 
I'm hoping they adjust efficiency decay or addition values soon. Regardless of normal or elite, you just can't kill fast enough to even keep up.
I imagine it won't be stable until tomorrow, at best. This is usually how it goes when they release updates, which is unfortunate.
Needs to have a bit of fine tuning for balance too, but I like it. I can see normal Onslaught being the replacement for Hydron as well.
I ran non-elite with a buddy and we couldn't get efficiency going up at all after 6. We were still murdering the fuck out of everything, but it just kept on going down.
Legit, I'm happy we even _made_ the playoffs with how the first 3 months of this season went. Sucks HUMONGOUS dong that we got swept, but thems the breaks. 
I would agree, except you need a Saryn part. And Kela is the singularly most obnoxious boss fight to even _get_ to, although the fight itself is fine.
Go to the Derelict. There's always like 3 kavats just hanging out in the starting room on a survival.
No.
I remember watching game 3 thinking "What the fuck is wrong with the ice?" because it was, like, yellow? I noticed that about mid-way through the period that it looked normal and that's when I also magically came across a bunch of posts talking about the lighting being bad.
Okay, yea, I think I'm in agreement for the most part with you. What I did like about Brown is when I did notice him it was because he was trying _really fucking hard_ to get to the play. Whether that's because he was out of position or not, I can't say. 

Monty and Kase are must signs, I agree there. I personally would rather keep Grant over Ritchie. Only because Ritchie seems to just take the stupidest penalties at the stupidest times. Otherwise he was okay. Grant would work well as a 4C, IMO. 
Some people do complain about it. 

I personally dislike it because of enemies getting stuck. It's not the moving defense point that I hate, it's the map layout that causes AI to do dumb shit that I hate.
Brown seemed invisible for most of the games he was in, from my perspective. What did you see that you would like him re-signed? This is an actual question btw, not loaded.
I mean, if I'm wrong, then yea. Don't want to spread misinformation.
TL;DR - How the fuck did he manage that?

This is both in the positive and negative connotations.
I'm not a math major, but I'd choose math as well. It has been the only subject that I've ever been weak in, and if I not only knew all of math, but also how to execute it, I'd be fucking ecstatic.

I'd also totally fucking let it go to waste.
Mainly because with most ships you can directly do something to mitigate the effectiveness of the class you're fighting against. DDs have high concealment, cruisers have radar/hydro to reduce DD effectiveness, BBs have HP and big fuck off guns and secondaries. Cruisers, if played right, can easily out play BBs, so on and so forth.

For CVs, you are at the mercy of pure RNG with the AA auras, against planes that are _significantly_ faster than your ship, pretty damn accurate, and at higher tiers impossible to take no damage from. Any competent CV player can surround any ship with 3 TB squadrons and that's it. You're done and you can't do a fucking thing about it. Even if you do magically take no damage and/or survive, they're just going to come right back and you still can't do a thing about it. No, "stacking for AA" is not a viable tactic. It's garbage RNG that limits builds because one class of ship has an overwhelming advantage at higher tiers.

CVs are fucking cancer.
That is so fucking stupid, the price, I mean.
As opposed to all those other frames that produce music?
You have to be getting concussions from the sonic booms going on above you.
A really stupid game mode in BF1. 
Nah. Its fine until June or so. July and August are so hot that it’s just not possible for most people, especially people who die in 100+ weather. I am one of those such people.
That's...weird.
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/715/503/1cf.gif
I'd rather that they do this compared to stupid shit like War Pigeons. 
Don't you already hear a horn like 90 god damn times during your home games?
Apparently a very depressing one.
This is a positivity circle, here. We focus on the things that went right...ish.
Last year we were carried by the individual performances of the players on the team. This year, we were not. Players regressed, the system got exposed, and we had key injuries coming into the playoffs.

I don't want RC back, personally, but I'll give credit where credit is due that he managed to scrape an AHL squad to enough wins so that when the team was back from the hospital they could push for the playoffs.

Didn't do shit _in_ the playoffs, but I'm still glad the team came together to get there.
I don't see how we could do it but boy howdy would I be okay with that.
Can't have trash laying around the rink, ya know?
Come here sweep bro, bring it in.
Better get used to it, hombre.
Score more goals than the Kings, suck it LA.

Now excuse me while I go cry.
Heh, that's why I put assuming starting line ups. Jets were better off than I think people expected, including Jets fans. If McCown didn't go down, they were a ~7 win team.

I'll agree to the other three though.
Who would you put below them? Assuming starting lineups.
Plenty of people do it, just not so many that it causes an issue for their bottom line.
I don't think it's too questionable, considering a lot of the other problems with the new player experience. It would be nice after getting your first to explain what it is similar to how unveiled riven screens work. Just a quick flavor text of "This mod is damage, it cannot be repaired. Damaged mods have lower drain and lower maximum rank compared to undamaged mods."

Having a mechanism to repair them, however, would be ideal. Whether it be Endo (like the cost of 5 ranks for a 10 rank mod type of deal) or credits or whatever.
There was no real good option for us, unfortunately. We had to give up quality player no matter how it broke down.
Yea, I went and read the wiki page and her lore is actually kind of rad. I wish more of the lore for each frame was developed a bit more.
I only watch hockey and football, but NHL.tv is a technical mess and has blackouts and NFL Gamepass doesn't offer live games unless you subscribe to the International version, which requires a VPN. It also has blackouts...for people in Europe. Which is stupid as fuck.

There are plenty of other ways to watch with free streams and some lesser known paid services, but they aren't easily found, require a little more technical know-how than the average bear, and are usually invite only.

I don't know much about the NHL TV deals (other than they're awful), but the NFL won't be redoing any of their contracts until 2021, so I doubt there'll be any improvement on that front until then.
Word, thanks. I'm not too up to snuff on a lot of the lore.
Why is that?
Yea, there was ample time to actually farm them. I got a bunch of each of the mods, so I'm chill next time they come around.
I want you guys to beat the Knights too. Basically, I'm chill with anyone other than the Knights or the Preds.
I'm very done with him. He hasn't produced in two seasons and has cost us playoff games.
There's a point where the wetness stops fucking mattering. It's just suffering.
I've actually never taken advantage of the Prime discount because I normally don't buy PS4 games all too often. Didn't even know about it until a little bit ago.
I'm not sure how, who, or where....but a lot of fucking people would die, that's for sure. Probably cleanse the world of the legitimately evil people first and then the power would get to my head and I'd probably end up killing people who didn't deserve it.
That's the vibe I always got. Kind of party, kind of loose, and just not giving a singular iota of a shit.

I still like their music. It's fun.
Seems like that has probably been a large part of the problem. Granted, I'm sure GMs like that don't just show up every time you're primed and ready to fire someone, but I wasn't aware it was so awful.
I'm assuming they've had limited stock. I was going to get it, but they were unavailable, so I did the whole "e-mail me when available" and they did. I checked it a few hours later and it wasn't available anymore :(
I do. The issue in this case was that Epic Games was preauthorized to make payments (which will bypass needing to log in, and thus, 2FA), which I was not aware of. As soon as it happened I went through all of my preauthorized payments on Paypal to make sure it wouldn't happen again.

The Paypal thing was on me for not being vigilant, the break in, however, was on EG.
The writing both gets better and worse as the show goes on. Dr. Smith is just _awful_ the whole way through. I feel like not only was her character poorly written, but they chose one of the worst actresses to portray the character. 

The rest of the show I've been enjoying even if there are some eye roll moments. I was getting pretty critical because I expected something gritty, and I'm not sure why. It's a family show, has to appeal to families, which means less of what I was expecting. 

A few characters carry the show at the moment, and I'm not quite done, but I hope that if there is a season 2, they just do...better.
Tbf to the people in that thread, other than the memes, most people were in agreement that while the move looked nice, Monty did his job. 

The rest of the sub though, hooooo boy.
Efficiency could be what they need to have a better season though. It's not like they aren't setting the offense up for success. Gordon and Landry alone is bonkers.
I know you're just memeing, but have they had a GM in the last 10-15 years with as much of a pedigree as Dorsey? I know he's supposedly not the best at contracts (haven't looked into it, just word of mouth) but isn't he known for putting together good drafts?
I _really_ hope you guys do too, I want him on the Jets so bad.
Yup. Mine got hit a few weeks back, someone tried to charge $205 worth of shit to it, but Paypal is the homie and got it reversed in like 2 days or something. Epic hasn't even responded to the refund request. I just removed all information I could from the account, detached my Paypal from it (wasn't aware it was in the first place), and put on 2FA. 
I always thought it was just talking about, like, a shovel. A kind of "don't look too deep, it is what it is" type of a thing. What are the racist connotations of it?
You should look into our Lord and Saviour, ShareX.
I totally want one, they're sick as fuck.

Also because I like to bathe in my own pain.
As long as you acknowledge that then...meme away, friend. God knows we deserve it at the moment.
And, you know, people using a one game (or one series) sample size to determine that Montour sucks but oooooooooooookay.
Montour is fine overall, but he has been definitely not good this series. He's still fairly young though. He's like...a season and a half into his career. He doesn't "fuck that defense up", he's one of the bright spots.
We manifested the fuck out of that destiny, damn whoever lay in the way.
I did play TLOU, and I played Shadow way back on the PS2 haha. 

It’s really just a lack of interest in the rest of the titles, especially P5. I’m sure it’s a good game, but the setting is just suuuuper not my jam.
You seem like a resourceful kangaroo.
Well this is a neat piece of information that I will no doubt be able to us at a inappropriate time.
I see. I don’t think I had that issue. I just prefer for the official app for the most part but felt the web for Apollo deserved the pitiful $2 or whatever it was. It’s still a good app, just not for me at the moment.
It's not this one, since you named two, and used two in the example. 
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: CO
I personally have no issues with the official app, although I did get Apollo's pro version or whatever as well.

I swap between them for various things. Apollo tends to handle imgur in a much better way, whereas the official app has problems with albums here and there which is a bit frustrating.
I bought a PS4 almost specifically for Horizon, but I also thought a lot of the games I wanted to play were coming out in 2017 (GT Sport (which disappointed me), God of War, Detroit: Become Human, Days Gone, Spiderman, etc) so I'm just kind of waiting for more games that I expected to play while picking up a bunch of previous exclusives at really low prices.
Well, I still contend that in Game 2 the PP that you guys scored on was bogus since someone on the Sharks _blatantly_ tripped Kase and then we had a super weak penalty called against Grant, but that's the only thing that really jumps to mind in terms of officiating and direct correlation to it hurting us.

Other than that, there's no reason to not discuss it. We're just people on here talking some shit about hockey, ya know?
Going deeper, game would have been 2-1 without PP and those _stupid_ turnovers in the early second period. Where Montour fucking fell on his ass, oh my god, I love that boy but I about lost my shit.

So, there you have it, when a fan can identify the issue, I feel like it's more of a problem.
The team that's been on the ice the last three games is not the same team I saw finish out the season 8-1-1 in L10. The defense has completely fallen apart, offense is about the same but you guys also have a great defense and Jones is a stone wall. I guarantee that if our defense wasn't a bunch of bums in this series, it'd be closer because Gibby wouldn't be so fucked all the time.
Good write up, but I thought they removed the damage ticking from her 2?

Also, I should mention that for the purpose of damage, her 3 is pretty useless...but in terms of a wee bit of CC, it's not so bad. I would prefer it be an ability that gets replaced because it just doesn't fit with the rest of her, much like how Hydroid's 3 doesn't fit with him.
I wish people understood that in pubs. I always try to get a few enemies within the range of it, but people always kill them even when I ask nicely :(
It probably helps that there were a large amount of us who didn't even expect to make the playoffs. It just confirms that we were a paper tiger.
Well, and because we now have to see a bunch of people appealing to the jerk about, naturally, people are going to be assholes to me on reddit because of how some players on the Ducks act on ice.
itssomething.jpg
There's a difference between being a pest and being an asshole. The team was an asshole tonight.
He's also not regularly a character problem either. I want Perry gone, but I absolutely do not want Getzlaf gone.
Almost like the Ducks defense is non-existent out there. Gibby has been laid out to dry so bad. Like...before the third period break down tonight we were actually looking pretty good...except for the two times where someone fucked up and put Gibby on a 2 on 1.
It's frustrating as fuck to watch. Just fucking pack it in and play like adults.
End me.
https://i.imgur.com/Gkr542V.gif
I...legitimately couldn't even figure it out. It was like just total brain vomit. The most understandable thing was he said Perry uses ketchup on his drywall? Just. Yea.
yo wtf
That too, I should have mentioned that. I kind of use TS as a base, since Discord doesn't have a "play own client mic clicks" like TS3 does, but they're usually pretty much the same in my experience. Discord is a little more sensitive to higher pitched noises for some reason though.
I used to have a wireless mouse too, but I always forgot to charge it so I just ended up using it as a wired mouse anyway. I eventually just got a G502.
Even if it was #1...the statement no other country has a problem with obesity is just stupid as shit lol.
I can't really hear the difference tbh. I use both quite a bit, but no major difference in audio quality from them.
I have a wireless headset, and I like to talk to my friends while I make food, do stuff around my room, so on and so forth.

The problem with most people is not knowing when they're keying up with VA or they don't have a headset with a built-in mute function. I'm pretty keenly aware of what noises trigger my mic, so I mute my mic during those times unless I'm in the middle of a sentence or active conversation.

Some wireless headsets also have a ton of interference that overrides the mute by sending a popping noise, the Logitech headsets in particular have this issue. 

Also hotkeys for toggling the mic and sound help out too.
The first picture I ever saw of him was in a Rangers jersey so I did the same.
They could put him as any bottom 6 and he'd still magically pump out 50 points in a season. Stupid what that team has done.
For some reason I thought Kerley was still under contract with the Jets. Good guy. Ain't the flashiest guy out there but he's dependable as all get out.
I love your username, damn. 
The only unfortunate part about is that sometimes you'll run into an inconsistent price history that either has a bad snapshop (think 60 days) or prices that were errors (such as a $20 item jumping up to $4000).

For the most part, it works though.
I don't think it was y'all, but we ran into a team of mostly Minos and that was...that sure was something.
^^^^let ^^^^us ^^^^deflect
Why not both?
Hahahaha you suck

Wait shit
West coast fan on the east coast, no question. If you like an east coast team (like I do in football, although they aren't quite as late) it's not too hard to just watch less of a game rather than missing the end because you have to go to sleep.
Really good movie. I mean, I'll probably like anything with Fassbender in it, but you mix it with Rome and I'm fucking about it.
Man, my dojo sucks lol.
You can also use pretty generic shampoo as well. I clean my mouse pad every 6 months and other than some curling on a corner, from running into the keyboard all the time, it's still like new.
People only associate lobbying with the type of shit from *Thank You For Smoking* on here.
Yea, I know. I didn't make that, just to be clear, just found it on Google images.
No, bud. Not Animal Mother.

[This dude](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/08/fc/70/08fc70ecef61b396f180978f173102c7.jpg)
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: 2 Section SL
> AA Nyxs are bad it would seem. Almost constantly had Little Birds circling us.

Eh. Not quite. Read my post when you get a chance and you'll see what went wrong for us. They're not bad, they just weren't up to the task of today, much like how you wouldn't use a Little Bird as heavy CAS.
There are a few things in the game that aren't really rewarded properly and I'm not sure how easy it would be to put it in, and then balance it.

Stopping caps, without actually "defending" one is something I can think of. I'm sure others can come up with other things that could _probably_ be reflected in statistics, but I can't at the moment.
If you're willing to wait, at the beginning and end of clan wars seasons, there are free respecs.
It was a long string of small stuff that just ended up with me being pissed by the time that happened.
Role: Scorpio 1 GUN/Scorpio Actual...ish.

Good: The Nyx itself, fun little vehicle. Banter. The few air contacts that we had proper time to engage was enjoyable, but that only constituted 3 contacts. Some minor infantry contacts got blasted too.

Bad: Throughout most of the mission, we were being engaged by gunships (I'm assuming A-10s) that we could not see, nor identify. This meant that we had to stay in defilade, not helping. The artillery was cool, but please next time remove mines from their arsenal. When we had to ditch our vic after it getting knocked out by the A-10 we couldn't see, we then walked over a ton of mines. I don't even recall there ever being a singular radar contact either, so they either don't work, mine didn't work, or the range is garbage. I don't know with that one.

Ugly: The Nyx is not equipped to handle fighting A-10s. They can out range, out gun, and out maneuver it. The final engagement on the airfield we had about 2 seconds of time to adjust to an A-10 coming at us, and it just dropped a missile on us before I ever had time to lock. I watch it just come into view, missile away, dead. That's not fun. Should note that it takes _about_ 5 seconds to actually acquire a lock, more than enough time for an A-10 to destroy a Nyx. The other air contacts would have to be in view before actually starting a path towards us, but those ones could engage us with impunity. Again, they never showed up on radar for me despite Centurion saying theirs was on.

Coordination was just awful. I don't know where or why that happened, but I had to remove my headset (in game, not IRL) because the LR was just a constant chatter box and I couldn't really talk with Wallace or Cozmicc at all. Mission stuttered because of that and the initial bad push.

Improvements: Do not use a Nyx against jets. It will lose. Even heavily armed helicopters would have been fine because we could have fought back. I can't speak for the rest of the mission, but that in particular made me not have fun. 

Personal Highlight: Despite it pissing me off, it was actually kind of funny. Wallace barely tapped Scorpio 2 with 1 and we both blew up. I have a wee inkling that the damage model isn't quite hammered out for vehicles just yet.
It's worded poorly, but I get it.

Seriously though, read through any of the threads where someone uses an idiom or a euphemism or anything that isn't plain English. It's depressing.
I'm only really salty about that particular PP because like 15 seconds before that there was a supremo blatant trip on, I think, Kase, and then Grant got called on a weak penalty after that. 

There were just a ton of missed calls after that and while I'm okay with them going in our favor, I'd rather it was consistent and correct.
Refs were pretty bad tonight. I'm pretty upset on the hit only because that's exactly the outcome I would have expected. 

And I don't just mean they were bad to the Ducks, they were just all around bad.

E: lol
The PP that the Sharks scored on shouldn't have happened. Bar none.

Now that I have that out of my system, however, the officiating for both sides tonight was absolutely horrendous. Missed calls galore. I wish I could watch a game and have teams win purely by their own merits, but god dammit that was infuriating to watch.

Even beyond that, man, our defense was just awful. Bieksa's "clear" for the Shark's first goal was just stupid stupid stupid. I'm so fucking glad he's going to be gone next year.

GG Sharks. I'm glad no one ended up getting hurt and it's looking dire as fuck for us.

EDIT: Also, while it was "technically" a legal hit, fuck Corey Perry for pulling that shit. With how bad the calls were going tonight you _do not_ pull that fucking move.
Ridiculous.
Talk about a disconnect.
Yup!

https://i.imgur.com/nXDNykk.jpg

Went to the one in the Trifid Sector as the location for my trip to go 5k LY out.
It's just that dumb can't like Destiny and Warframe shit that goes on.
The biggest issue with focus is their absolute insistence on keeping the convergence orb. It's absolutely the worst part of the system, but for whatever reason they want to have this thing in the game makes you go out of your way, intentionally try to go away from your team (unless Resquake farming somewhere), and with a very limited time window.

Generally the player base of a game overestimates their proposed fixes to problems in games, for one reason or another. However, it's pretty much unanimously agreed that passive focus gain sucks, and I believe DE has said the same. So...just get rid of the stupid convergence orb, buff passive gains across the board, and leave it as a supporting component of the game.

Making lenses transferable would help as well, but that stupid fucking orb would nullify any real gain made.
The void beam also erases status immunities that enemies have. You can revive people while invisible while in spoiler mode. I'm sure there are other uses, I just haven't delved into the system very much.
That's with Adaro farming, correct?
(Also a Jets fan)

Kotite was the worst fucking thing to happen.
I feel like Gibson and Quick are pretty similar. They're both total fucking noodles out there contorting their bodies in insane ways to make the saves. I can't speak much for Quick, but a lot of Gibson's bad games this season came from the defense just totally letting him down.
The only love story in the MCU that I found even remotely believable was Tony Stark and Pepper, and that's mainly because there's established history from prior to the movie and it's carried out throughout multiple movies.

Almost every other movie I just can never buy it. It helps when some movies take place over a very long period of time rather than, like, a week or so like Wonder Woman. 
I think I would have enjoyed it more when I saw it if I understood the time dilation thing from the beginning. I know that it was said how long each part took, but it didn't have context, so I wasn't sure what the hell was going on until about halfway through the movie.
> (She also met him like a week ago)

We all know that's like a decade in movie time. It's always like that and it's stupid as shit. It's never organic or believable.
David Thewlis is an incredible actor...and just absolutely terrible as a villain in Wonder Woman. I don't even think it's really his fault, he just does not fit the character they were trying to portray him as. 

I can't really find a screenshot from the movie or anything, but when you see his head on the body it's just...not right. 
I was very disappointed with Black Panther because everyone was hyping it up so freaking high. I liked it still, but it's just another Marvel movie in terms of how it's framed and told. The setting was still pretty fucking rad though.
What the fuck. I had no idea he was only 19.

What the hell am I doing with my life?
Neither of those are conference finals, my man.
We do it all the time. It's usually separating the athlete from the person, and sometimes you just can't. Take Bill Romanowski for instance, dude was a monster on the field and he was fun to watch, but the guy is a total shit head.
That's one of those hirings that just doesn't make sense to me. Just like how the Bills hired Rex Ryan. How can you look at someone you just saw fuck things up and be like "Yea, that's the dude I want."
I know he sucked in the booth, but I would love an uncensored Rex Ryan and Bruce Arians in the booth together.
A different In N Out that isn't outside, wtf
I do too, and I think your current logo is better as well, but apparently I'm in the minority on that one.
Thanks man, couldn’t have said it better myself.
> It's for bored veterans who don't care about making everything about power and just making really dumb stuff happen. 

I guess I fall under that category.

I personally won't touch these mods. There's no point to them other than shits and giggles, but it's shits and giggles for...no point. I see no reason to take up a mod slot for some cosmetic item.

I won't hate on people who do, I just don't see the point to this at all.
Any mod that needs to get to rank 10 gets expensive. I'm not 100% sure if these are the right values, but I think it costs somewhere in the realm of 30k endo and 1.4 million credits to go from rank 8 to rank 10 on those mods.

Now do that for every rank 10 mod you have. It adds up.
I am well aware of it as an economic model, I've taken Econ 101. It was plainly obvious that being "free" is in reference to the cost via currency, especially since the comparison is directly to something that does cost money. It's being incredibly nitpicky for the sake of an argument. 

I simply said what I do with rivens, and jabronis wanna hop on my use of the word free. Rivens cost platinum, which (in the quantities that they are sold for) means money. Kuva does not require any financial input into the game to acquire.

If someone wanted to debate the qualities of spending time to earn sets of weapons and frames to sell and use that to supply the cost for the rivens, then I'm all for that, but that's not what this discussion is about.
Yea, that's why I don't use trade chat _at all_ for rivens. I find someone on riven.market, see if they're online, shoot them a message. If they want to haggle that's fine, but they have a set value that they put up and if they want to fuck around with that too much, I just back out.
The worst/funniest part about it, depending on your point of view, is that I did know a ton of people who saved up a large sum of gold in tanks in anticipation of using it in boats and...here we are, and they can't use it.

There was one particular person that I knew who had well over 200k gold saved up but he can't use it. Personally, I love it because that particular person is also kind of a piece of shit, so, you know.
By that logic absolutely everything is not free, so this can't be a free to play game.

You know damn well what I meant when I said it's free, pedantry about it is ridiculous. 
Really? Because I haven't paid any money for it.
IIRC, they've reinvested a not insignificant portion of the money so that even if the orders dry up, they can continue on. The scale of it would naturally dictate whether or not they could do so at the same size, and them investing money doesn't mean it's for sure they can keep going, but they aren't just sitting on a huge pile of money doing literally nothing with the excess.
It won't, and I'm still on board, but you look at the genre its releasing into and even 1/4 of the features would make it the most expansive, best space game on the market. Elite takes years to do anything, NMS is...well, you know, and I think X4 was only recently announced.

The genre is barren. That's why SC is doing as well as it is, financially.
Also Russell Wilson.
Adams has been exactly the personality the Jets have needed for a while. Dude is the future.
No problem, and good luck :)
It's also that a significant portion of the other content that you mentioned is either incomplete or significantly harder to understand/acquire. Archwing just sucks, there's hardly any information in game about amps, focus is a system that requires a ton of grinding, so on and so forth.

I was actually quite enjoying the 4/4 Hemocyte because, while it was a bit cheesy with the toxin procs, it wasn't super duper easy. I would love more actually difficult content, but they either cheese it and everyone whines or they fall short.
Were you just using the site or contacting the people in game? When I started using both of the market websites I used the website itself and got absolutely nowhere, but talking to people in game went much better.
God damn.
Yea, I'm already playing the game and it doesn't take that long. I'd rather farm kuva that I don't have to pay money for (ergo, free) for the 20 or so minutes it takes to get through the multiple missions than spend ~$100 on a mod.
If you want some turbotrash, I have some. I will literally never use a Jaw Sword or Kunai lol.
That sucks, man. I always try to be chill when people message me wanting to buy my listed items. I try to respond as quickly as possible, even if it’s just a “Awesome, can you wait a bit, I’m in a game.”
That’s why I just go on riven.market and find the weapon I want a riven for and just buy the shittiest one. I don’t care about needing to get kuva to roll it. Kuva is free.
This thread is about the past. Boom. Got em. 

^^^it ^^^^hurts
See, I like this. Just dudes of rival teams talking about some fucking hockey and being chill.

Good luck rest of the series, my man.
Something we can both get behind.
Wow, rude.
I move to strike that second period from existence.
The same thing, just, you know, 6 years earlier.
It's not _just_ from the South. Elementary school teachers, adjunct professors, some secondary education teachers, and (obviously) subs get paid pretty poorly. Once you've been doing it for a while though, depending on where you are, it's comfortable living. 

California is all over the place, for instance. Some places people are making $40k after being around for 5+ years. Then you have my area where the average salary is something like ~$60k.
Especially in OW where all the characters are constantly fucking yelling lol
But...Monty :(
I'm not sure what your point is. I'm not saying the Rams will be the #1 offense again in 2018, it's just dumb to say the points were gifted when it still required the team to actually punch it in.
DE is _usually_ pretty good about being relatively fair with stuff like this. I doubt anything brand new will be in there. If so, they’ll dredge up the old calls of P2W from ye olden days.
I could fucks with this.
This is the worst timeline.
Still waking up, but when you said "there's a great deal more..." I thought you said "It's a great deal for more...".

Or, I could be retarded, we'll see in due time.
Pretty sure they're just missing stuff and are upset that they don't get access to the Megadope Baro version of things. I don't recall any inclination that there will be anything new.
It's not a great deal. I also don't think it's the end of the world like this thread is going on about.

Y'all are overpaying for Jarvis. Whatever. Watch there be some kind of goofy out in the third year just like every other fucking contract where a team is "overpaying and screwing their cap". That's how it always goes.
I'd heard they'd gone down that route, but I jumped off the wagon well before that started to creep in.
That's not really gifted so much as actually capitalizing on the great opportunities we were given. #spinzone.
Even if you do, we'll somehow injure him. I think it's just a law of nature at this point.
I don't mind the semi-futuristic tone of things. I just wish not everything was angled to shit and back though.
Nah, you're right. Part of what made the sweep so enjoyable was because it wasn't a drumming of a bad team by a good team.
Yea, you go and look back on a lot of the things that Nazi Germany did and you just ask yourself "What were they thinking?" I know, I know, hindsight is 20/20 but still.

Thankfully, again, they wasted a shit load of materials and manpower on some really goofy shit.
I never used Digg, but I can 100% see how reddit was able to gobble up their userbase.
For me, it was that the content in the articles was less interesting to actually browse through. Like, the topics themselves were just significantly less interesting. I haven't really been back there in years, but a lot of the quality of writing and stuff like that never got to me, just that what they chose to work with was worse.
It hasn't been updated since 2015 and Wikipedia lists it as "defunct".
Why the hell was his mom there?
Henri is pretty good, and the Zao is fairly useful as well.
_Strong_ agree.
Welcome to the playoffs on /r/hockey.
https://i.imgur.com/KSlr3Ws.jpg
This just makes me sad. Little quaccies :(
Basically what I kept saying post-game. When we played the Jets at home in January our OT strategy was essentially the same thing, only it lasted the full 5 minutes and went to S/O. They kept the puck away and we won it in the S/O, thanks to the beautiful Rico and Ryan "I fucks with shootouts" Miller.
[Getzlaf short handed goal where he said "Fuck it, I'll do it myself."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBgOIMxGlig).

[Henrique scoring against his old team, over the trade partner Vatanen.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cF6NzVLacII).
You'll run into people who talk about things that "should" have been in the release versus what was actually slated.

When Arma 3 released, BI was still a pretty small studio, DayZ really gave them a nice push. Arma 3 being as successful as it has been has allowed them to invest more into their own games, which is why the simulation aspects of Arma continue to get better.

I am seriously hoping that Arma 4 is everything that Arma 3 is and more, mainly that the performance becomes not shitty.
No, I mean coordinates. Latitude and longitude, the numbers. You can give someone coordinates and they can be found on a flat map. That's it. Nothing else. No other terms. 34N and 120W can be found on a flat map, no other special stuff, just that. No flat earther is going to give a flying fuck about "the essence of latitude and longitude", only that they can interpolate that information and place it onto a 2D surface on a flat surface, with straight lines and it will still be accurate.
No, think as if I was someone disputing the Earth's shape. You can take latitude and longitude and put them on a 2D surface, such as a table, and it works. Such as you can give me the coordinates of a place and I can find it on a flat map. Whatever the particulars of it or the correct usage of terminology, if you're trying to talk to someone who is already stupid enough to think the Earth is flat, you're gonna have to go a bit deeper than latitude and longitude because they're used in a simplified manner.
It also applies, to a bit, to Bounties on Cetus. 

AFAIK, it works with each stage increasing the maximum reward rarity so that the first two objectives are always "common", or A, drops. Then the third is a B drop, and the final is a C drop possibility. 

AABC is more than just endless missions at this point and I expect they're going to keep implementing it because it's not the worst way to handle stuff.
It’s not so much that grandmas are on it so much so that it got large enough to capture their attention. Basically to the point where everyone is on there, with their stupidity laid to bare. 
That’s the one! Thanks!
That gets involved with legal bullshit and people laying claim to being “Roman”, not really including the people of Rome itself. 

Western Rome fell in 476. Eastern Rome fell in 1453. Anything other than that is people trying to lay claim to an honorific or trying to tap into ye olden Rome for glory.
Not really. You can still use longitude and latitude on a 2D surface. 

It’s hard to convince people otherwise anyway. My step-dad is a conspiracy guy (although a lot of that is due to loss of brain function from sickness) and it’s impossible to talk to him about certain things.
Yea, thankfully the Germans had someone (whose name escapes me) who had an organizational mandate to basically make any bomber capable of dive bombing. Because of that they never really had any strategic bombers in any meaningful numbers. 
I'm glad that Volyboom got people talking about the economy again, but I was actually quite surprised at just how offended people were when they removed the missions. Like, it sucked, but I don't think that sticking your thumb up your ass 200m from a base for 1 billion a day is really what they're shooting for.
R2R has been around for a really long time, and while it's profitable, it's not fast.  The last time they adjusted scan payouts they were increased. FDev doesn't just nerf everything, despite what everyone would like to think.
I did name them until I realized that most of my names sucked, which got me sad, until I saw that almost everyone else's names also suck, which got me a little less sad.

I have not reverted by Anaconda or Corvette names, however, because of how stupid they are. The Anaconda is Big Chief Thunderpants and the Corvette is Tony Danza's Fantasy. They're incredibly stupid, but I am at least 99% sure I've won a fight because someone realized what my ship was called.
Close, $457k. We probably won't sign Donald until next year...when we have $99MM in cap space.
Y'all is perfectly acceptable to use in California, okay?
Your team is a bunch of doodee heads, but y'all are alright.
HERETIC
If you are Rhino on this day, then the day is blessed. If you are Rhino every day, then every day is blessed.
Bananas are good for you, thus, those jerseys were good for you.
Absolutely. I'm more of a history nerd so I wanted to know that portion, especially because understanding the philosophy of a time really helps you understand the politics of a time. Some of the people in my classes were Grade A turbonerds though and tried to be too smart about shit.
You also have the super, extremely, mega stereotypical gay accent too.

EDIT: Words are tough.
No, no, we're not doing this. We are all Rhino on this blessed day.
Also Philosophy is actually fun to debate and study, and that's why I took every single philosophy class available at my community college. They were just fun.
There was a Jets cheerleader who was on The Amazing Race and has started a business and done some modelling from it. It's not completely ridiculous. I would imagine the rate in which these women are able to propel themselves further is pretty low, however.
I did not know that was a thing and that is also pretty rad.
He sure as shit wasn't a good goalie this year, that contract is going to be an albatross.

You're right though. John Gibson (Ducks) would routinely have to stand on his head and have 0.0025s response times to cover all the ways the defense would turn the puck over. Thankfully they got their shit together.
I mean...as a supporting frame, Oberon is worse than Harrow. He's not wrong about that. Renewal can't get to level that Penance or Blessing can, Thurible is only marginally worse than EV, and Covenant is a god tier ability. Oberon is still a good frame though, much to my surprise (played him before rework when he was fucking awful). 

FWIW, I haven't done any of the eidolon hunts so I'm not really speaking to their abilities there, just in general.
We are all Rhino on this blessed day.
I would try to find it but I'm honestly lazy as fuck, but I'm pretty sure that got debunked as a backronym kind of a thing. It's neat though.
Or, just do what I did and find a chick who will demolish food at the same rate that you do, regardless of what it is. Thank heavens for the gym.
This is a compromise that I, and thus the nation, am willing to agree to. No more rings for Brady.
More Equinox love? Yes. Gib.
You could take over the world, install a world government, ruthlessly go after any dissidents, and eventually have an iron grip on the world. Thus, peace _and_ fat stacks.
50, IIRC.
I know you're joking but...Vinatieri bro.
I just thought it was all gas stations...

I've just always walked in and asked if they could turn on the air. Fuck paying for it.
If you know the tile set ahead of time and know that the target will move, bring Gara instead. He can't leave the mass vitrify circle.
March 2013. This information is freely available, you don't have to guess.
By the time Goff's contract comes around, we will have a pretty sizeable amount of cap space. This season is actually where it's tough, honestly. 90 mil next year, and before draft/FA, 160 the year after. We'll be fine.
No, no, you don't understand. The Lions can't improve, it's against the laws of nature.
Of course, and FWIW, I usually only buy games on sales and stuff. My actual "game" budget is actually less than $40 monthly, but decided to treat myself to FC5 because of an odd job that I didn't expect, so, you know, live a little, right?

Hope you enjoy your gaming time, my man. That's what they're there for, after all.
I have that issue, and this is what I do.

I say fuck it. I bought Far Cry 5 and despite enjoying it, I felt pretty awful for spending $60 on a game. I don't even know why. I buy one or two games a month and I always feel like shit when I do it. 

So, just let it go. Money is money, so long as you aren't destroying yourself financially, then don't worry about it. I set up a budget and have a set amount of expendable income. It's not much, but it's enough. Money will come, money will go, that's just how it is. 

Relax, don't think on it too much, and kill some bears.
Company of Heroes. I find the first game to be superior to the second, but that could just be the gigantic difference in hours played. I spent years playing the first all night with friends, but didn't put much time into 2.
Question for you, and this is a legit one, not loaded or anything. Are you trying to justify your purchases to yourself?
I imagine that Quincy and Robby will be. Kearse, which has been said, is on the last year of his deal and while he played well, he is still a WR3. Pryor is a one year deal, probably a prove it to try and cash in before his career starts heading towards mentorship/reduced role status.

Jets aren't, like, fucking loaded at the position or anything but whatever QB ends up starting is coming into a pretty good situation on paper. What remains to be seen is if it has a 2016 like breakdown where Decker got hurt, Marshall got hurt/quit, and they tried too hard to force Petty to Anderson. Quincy had a good year then though.
Momentum is the main thing for me. The other issue is the general lack of content, mods, and the gated availability for the things that could make archwing more enjoyable. 

Most of the weapons are either expensive to make, or difficult to get all the parts in comparison to most other weapons. Mods are scarce, don't have the expansiveness of any other weapon type (barring amps), and just hard to get in general.

Basically they've just made all of archwing a pain in the ass. I could deal with the momentum if I could have cooler weapons and wings and I could deal with the meh drop rates and difficulty of acquisitions if momentum didn't suck but both of them combined just make it not fun.
Seriously though, you should listen to the whole series. Even though it's a bit of a task, the French Revolution (S3) sets the bedrock for basically the next few seasons after it and ties in heavily to Haiti.
I don't know why 7 Days to Die is so popular, honestly. It's just so janky and so bad. What really bothered me is that the screenshots and videos on the Steam page look _nothing_ like the game at all.
It's ridiculous too, they'd probably be getting a lot more fanfare about it if the performance was good enough. That's why no one gave a shit about 2.6, it ran at like 20 FPS. Being buggy is one thing, you can generally get over that, but it's hard to enjoy what's available at the moment.
The mod was released 5 years ago, and standalone was the major hype point for late 2013 when it was released in December that year. Still a long time, but not 7 years.
I don't even think Elite is going to get space legs, they've never _actually_ confirmed it. It has a whole host of other problems, however. I enjoy the game, but can recognize that it's a mess.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Scorpio 1 GUN
I love you.
Vinny was the fucking man, man.
I don't think it's too big to succeed, I think that FDev just doesn't have quite the amount of people necessary to keep the game moving at a reasonable pace. If Horizons had actually taken a year, we'd be done with Beyond by now, assuming the same production schedule. They just take too long and do too little, content wise.
Yup! My very first planet discovered by me is a water giant. They're actually quite cool.
That seems incredibly ambitious. Hope they pull it off.
>Only method to 'fix' entirely is to bake base damage mods into a weapons leveling system...

They used to have that in the levelling system. I'm not sure if it was only in alpha or beta or what. I remember coming back to Warframe in 2016 after having not really played it since beta and that was the first thing that stood out to me, that lack of progression on the weapon that wasn't tied to mods at all.
thatsthejoke.bmp
Dude. Seriously. Fuck those things.
...yes?
Well, the biggest thing for 3.0 for me was the update to the entire engineers system. So I spent time unlocking the engineers and after the update dropped, I went around pinning blueprints and engineering my ships. Once I finished with that, I had some fun exploring and now I'm where you are. Haven't turned the game on in like two weeks, and there was a two week period before that where I didn't play.

It just happens. FDev has a very slow development pace.
The issue with the Plains was that the release was a balance disaster (which has since been rectified) with a limited pool of actual objectives on the plains (which has...sort of been fixed) and that it was poorly connected to the main game like you said. The other problem is, just like a lot of the rest of the game, is that stuff is _horribly_ explained or, especially in the Plains' case, not at all.

Personally speaking, I don't really care about operators at all. They're not why I play Warframe. Making their content more diverse, however, is not something I am opposed to. I hate archwing for the same reason I hate operators, the content is sparse, bad, and that sparse content is limited. 

I don't think they need to reinvent the game, but they should probably sit down at some point and try to find a way to tie the game back into itself. The half finished ideas should be fully fleshed out, balance could be better, content could be more diverse in the open world stuff, so on and so forth.

Otherwise the game is doing just fine for them, so I don't think they're going to do much.
I don't mean this in the mean way, but...seriously, just don't play it then.

Hear me out. I pick up this game usually about once a year for about a month, usually around a major update. That means I tend to skip certain updates that include other content. It allows me to have quite a bit to do when I do pick the game back up. First time was when I bought it (just when Horizons launched, but only the base game) and I got my bearings and whatnot. Then I picked it up again right around the 2.3 release and earned a ton of money and got an Anaconda and Cutter. Picked it up again just before 3.0 hit and got even _more_ money and hammered out a significant portion of the engineers grind. All with other content sandwiched in there.

Elite has an expiry date, IMO, to each person who plays it. I'm not complaining, but I put in about 200 hours each time I pick it up (which is a fuckload) and that's enough for me. I will come back later on to see what's buzzing around in the galaxy and I keep up to date via reddit. There's nothing wrong with just putting the bad boy down and waiting it out.
Powerplay was a bit of a disappointment for me. I enjoy the people that are around when I was getting acclimated but it's just too bare to be engaging if you don't want to do direct PVP.
I honestly don't know how y'all do it. While I have found exploration to be more relaxing and enjoyable than I previously thought (due to the fairly dull mechanics) it just seems like too much for me to go out that far.

Kudos to you CMDR, and a safe journey home.
Nope. I had one remaining.
Yea, I can't remember the exact verbiage, but it was something along the lines of "Nope, can't do that." I know there's a cool down, 3 minutes according to Wallace, but it had been well after the previous wave.
The last wave couldn’t be called in.
Which is exactly why it won't happen, and I don't mean that as a knock against DE. That kind of scaling would fundamentally change the game and while a small minority would like that, the vast majority would not.
It may sound selfish of me, but I want both. One of the things that I like about Warframe is being able to go into a mission and just annihilate the bad guys but I also want content that will challenge me beyond scaling armor. That's why I like hard mode Plague Star.
Role: CO

Good: Usually defense missions as CO are pretty boring because it requires almost no direction, but I had a fun time with this one. The fall back options made CO a relevant position in the defense, beyond just being the respawn jockey. The bike was funny, people dying in stupid ways was funny.

Bad/Ugly: More bad than ugly, but the final respawn wave couldn't be called in. Sorry Yozer and Lukas :(

Improvements: Unfuck spawn pls.

Personal Highlights: Shooting down two planes, banter, and killing Mason with the bike.
That's why options are good.
He was fine on the Jets though.
It also eats people.
I enjoyed it because you _had_ to work as a team and it wasn't about dishing out incredible levels of damage. That's why I like the puzzle rooms in Lua, because it requires people to communicate.
> Which means normalizing warframe abilities and effects so a single frame can't trivialize an entire mission for the entire team.

On the flip side, DE gives us the ability to deal insane levels of damage, to slow our enemies, toss them into the sky, rip them to shreds...and almost no content that requires that level of power.

I know the community would hate it because certain farms would die, but I wouldn't mind some kind of scaling to levels ala Guild Wars 2. That's an incredibly complicated system and it would piss people off, so it won't happen.
One drop of Nano Spores? That's 14,000 for you, good sir.
Winning Super Bowls is a really, really stupid metric of whether or not a division is good. The NFCS last year didn't make it to the NFCCG but they were absolutely the best all around division last year. 

It's not like it's a binary deep playoffs or you're bad. There is such a thing as average or slightly below average, and the latter is where the AFCE has fallen throughout most of BB and Brady's tenure.
The moving defense target doesn't bother me, it's fucking Jimbob The Grineer Mechanic™ getting stuck on literally nothing just shouting obscenities at me.

Also them getting stuck in the walls. That's rad as fuck too.
Man, y'all talking about this makes me wanna hop into this because it sounds like it's not super easy and that's exactly up my alley for this game.
> It will happen.

It already has. The whole Equinox sleep on Adaro thing is it. They wanted to prevent a meta but that's just _not_ possible in Warframe where there's, what, 40 frames and bajillions of weapons?
Out of all the teams we could be facing, I'm glad it's the Sharks. Mainly because I haven't had any Sharks fans being colossal assholes to me so hopefully it'll stay civil...ish.

Good luck fishies.
Homie I was fucking floored we made it. About two weeks ago is when I started to believe. I was _so sure_ back in February that it was over but the boys clawed up to second fucking place in the division after the shit show the beginning of the season was.
Yea, I know, they're just usually avoidable so I bring Loki :)
I _guess_ those are okay considerations.
Can the Pittsburgh get the crazy good rudder shift time that the current New Orleans can? That's one of the things that makes the ship, is basically being a really huge destroyer and I probably would hate the ship more than I do if it weren't for that.
Ivara works fine. I always use her for Corpus Spy missions because they really like lasers. Otherwise I use Loki because you can get a build going where you are so efficient with energy that you'll always be at a net positive for energy (barring energy reduction debuff).
The AFCE hasn't been the worst division in the AFC, at least not over the _entire_ tenure of BB/Brady. Maybe a few years, but it's been mostly middling teams. 
I'm not sure, to be honest. There are a ton. Even after you complete a planet, there are (I think) two more sets of fragments for each planet.
Yea, it's Ordis' backstory.
When do you think Chia is going to trade him 1 for 1 for crackers?
I'm happy they're taking the shots rather than a conservative rebuild.
For an overall team, sure. His offenses were definitively below that, however.
No worries, I did the same thing too, mainly because my first riven was for a sentinel weapon so I was like...the fuck is this?
You have to unveil it. Once you reach MR 13 then it'll have some condition that you need to fulfill in a mission and then it'll reveal what what it is for and the stats. You can reroll the stats, but not the weapon. That's why rivens are so expensive, because it's pure RNG.
I use a mixture of riven.market and [this](https://semlar.com/rivenprices/tiberon) site to give a rough approximation. 

Honestly, if I get my own personal shit tier rivens, I'll just melt them into endo. Like, I have a riven right now for a fucking Jaw Sword. No one wants a Jaw Sword riven.
I fucking hope so, man.
QB sherpa. 
Probably still pretty good tbh.
People conflate more interesting with better. Objectively, the NFC has been a more volatile conference since the Patriots started their domination, which leads to more variance in the playoffs. 

I'd say I'm far more interested in the NFC side of things in that regard because for the last 7 years we've known one of the two teams who is going to be in the AFCCG. 
Not everything is about efficiency. The group I ended up running with for most of the runs enjoyed the challenge of the end boss with all 8 consumables. We also dicked around and didn't rush through it, which I would normally do as well, but idk man, I just enjoy it. 
Gotta agree with you. Ran with a Nova, Rhino, Trinity, and Volt last night and it was fine. The whole thing took maybe 20 minutes. EV and Blessing kept people able to spam abilities and stay alive, Rhino was able to CC and buff, Nova made things slow, and the Volt was also used for the shield and CC.

I did fail one last night because we had a pretty terrible comp, mainly someone with a Mesa doing _fucking nothing_, but it's just about bringing a decent comp to the bounty. 
Absolutely. 

I'm not a huge DayZ guy anymore, like most people, but this engine could be huge for both that game and for Arma. The biggest thing holding Arma back at this point is the awful multiplayer performance for anything running any kind of AI or scripts. The Enfusion engine could be a major boon to the series.

Plus, if DayZ gets good, then rock on.
No, Mojave.
The event is fine, IMO.

The problem that I encountered today is people bringing dumb shit. I saw someone earlier in a Mesa that had almost no health or shields, with a level 14 weapon as their highest ranked weapon. Plague Star should be locked with only level 30 gear, IMO. Every run where people brought levelled weapons and frames and actually worked together, it was challenging, but not aggravating.

I ran EV Trin and it worked out great. The CC frames were able to just spam their abilities, and there was a decent number of Slowvas running around that also helped out a ton. One run also had a Rhino who just kept spamming his stomp, made it much more manageable. 
I think a large part of the difference is that Wildlands wasn't quite as interconnected. While you aren't bound in either game to any particular area, narrative speaking you are in FC5 to a point. Wildlands was basically a huge open map that was designed around multiplayer, you could do anything in any order and it didn't really matter to the story at all.
I'm well aware, just talking about the whole "war time leaders leaving behind not stable governments" thing. I personally don't think the Republic would have been stable had Caesar lived anyway, it was a broken machine regardless of anything else. The Principate/Dominate weren't the most stable things ever, but for the vast majority of their existence they were more stable than the Republic. So, you know, good job Octavian.

I also only contrasted the difference from the Bourbon Restoration for the same reason, I didn't intend to lay blame on Caesar for the civil wars, only that that was something that happened _because_ he died and that's less table than a whole new monarchy, ya know?

Even reading my post now, I worded things pretty poorly.
A lot of people remember him fondly for opposing banks, and a lot of those people tend to also fall into the camp of either ignorance towards his other acts, or them weighing the situations and deeming his actions against banks outweighed the other things that he did.

No political figure is good or bad, just different shades of grey, and Jackson is one of those dudes that really hits the center, IMO.
Both Caesar and Napoleon did not leave behind stable governments, although that's more so a criticism of Caesar than Napoleon, since France had the restoration of the Bourbons via external forces compared to the civil wars that Rome suffered during and after Caesar's...reign? Yea, sure, reign.
I've liked the Chiefs since Reid made his way there, and I'm still pretty furious that Hue is still employed by the Browns.
I agree. Once the Patriots fall by the wayside or at least return to Earth, the AFC will get more interesting. The Colts and Broncos have fallen by the wayside, Steelers are nearing their end of their run with Ben, and the Ravens just pop up out of nowhere from time to time.

I think we see the Chiefs, Jaguars, Titans, and (HOT TAKE) Browns in the next 2-4 years begin to start doing work. I know 3 of them are playoff teams, but they're still young plenty of time to make fuck on people.
I'm fine with it. I buy trash rivens for guns I like for ~100-300p and then just roll them. I'd rather earn the kuva than spend fucktons of platinum on god rolls.
> The fact that the Pats, Steelers, or both have been in almost every AFC championship game going back to 2000 has a lot more to do with it, in my opinion.

Just to hammer it home for ya...

From the 2000 season until this most recent it's been Ravens, Pats, Raiders, Pats, Pats, Steelers, Colts, Pats, Steelers, Colts, Steelers, Pats, Ravens, Broncos (Peyton tho), Pats, Broncos, Pats, Pats. Those are just the teams that _won_ the AFCCG.

The top end of the AFC has been boring for almost 20 years.
I know exactly why you think that.

He takes very good care of his skin, and even gets the best products. Gotta keep it silky smooth and that involves protection!
I'll take the rain. I've lived in the desert for 18 years and the _moment_ I am able to leave, you best believe I'm getting the fuck out of here.
SON
Mmmmmmm it's worked out okay for us, I'd say.
I don't think anyone thought that, which is why he was brought back on the contract that he was.
That was the first thing I looked up, incredible how it's so very relevant out of nowhere.
I don't think you know what objectively means.
Pretty sure they're talking about CK2.
I'm about to give up on Harrow. It's just obnoxious. Equinox I got fairly good RNG for (~18 runs or so).
Collateral damage.
The Midnight is fucking incredible. Popped up on Spotify a few weeks back for me with the song "Crystalline" and I just fell in love.
This, children, is called subjectivity!
Obviously doctors.
Most copiers and printers for businesses can also fax things. You don't need a dedicated fax machine, I don't think I've even seen one in 15 years.
Well shit howdy, I might have to pick one up after the fuel usage is adjusted.
I don't think Maim opens crates? At least, it hasn't in my experience but I haven't looked very hard.
> And going back to 2003, 13 out of the last 15 conference finals have included California teams.

What the fuck
Hopefully. I like the dude.
Watkins and Cooks have been in the league for the same period of time, they have the same experience, so I'm not sure how Watkins leaving and Cooks coming in does anything in that area. It's a wash. 

I don't think any reasonable Rams fan thinks that it'll be a cakewalk to the SB, we're loaded as fuck right now but that could always go awry. 
He probably wouldn't be because his talent is not what is getting in the way of him producing. It's his body. Watkins is very talented, but he's always lagging behind because of some injury.

The best ability is availability.
I am so fucking proud of our boys after having that awful start to the season. 
I very highly doubt that AD will take up $30MM. No one has even broken $20MM for a DT (or DE/OLB for that matter) in the last two years, at least in terms of AAV. He will be expensive, but probably lower to mid 20s, not 30s unless someone else manages to seriously shift the market. Goff probably will be, we'll see, his is still a few years out so the value is going to creep up to around $30MM anyway me thinks. Gurley at 10-15 is fuckin fine by me if he keeps the production up.

We'll most likely sign AD near the end of the season, so even assuming we get him for $30MM AAV (which, remember, I doubt) that's still $60MM to work with. Gurley at, we'll say, $13MM as a middle ground, still have $47MM to work with. Leaves room for Peters and Joyner, who I doubt will take up all of that cap, it'll probably be around $30MM combined, so down to 17. That leaves pretty much just Cooks for the resigning, and I wouldn't be surprised to see him at $15MM but we still have another $70MM ready to go the next year (BACKLOAD, ANYBODY!?). You could play with the numbers a bit, just spit balling to put it out there visualized, it's not that horrible of a situation.

Basically, we'll be fine. A little bit of cap wiggle with signing bonuses and the like and we have something closer to a 3-4 year window, not a 2 year window, especially if Goff both stays productive and gets his option year. 
Nothing is explained. The tutorial kiiiinda sucks. You start with really trash tier stuff and don’t have a solid explanation of how to get better things. New weapons are 12 hours (real time, not in game) to make and new frames are 3.5 days (parts are 12 hours, frame itself is 72) and that sucks when you first start. 

The game also relies heavily on mods for your weapons and frame that you don’t really have at the start and can’t get leveled up until much later.  
> now with Watkins gone WR level are a little concerning regardless of the talent.

How? We replaced him with Cooks, who is having more impact on the field in his first four years compared to Watkins (albeit a smaller amount than I think people think).
As of right now, we have $90MM in cap space next year (which will inevitably fall a bit by the season end this year), and $160MM the year after. This combined with some easier cuts (Austin, Talib, Barron) and some people leaving, our cap will probably be fine. I don't think we keep _everyone_, obviously, but the doom and gloom is not as bad as people make it out to be.

I'm less than enthused about not having a 1st or 2nd round pick, but we have a good team to show for it. 
We have $90MM in cap space next year though.
It won't happen until there is a C&P system that is amenable to both sides.

Otherwise, you kind of can't have BGS is only Open, that would be forcing every single mission to be in Open. There are always going to be people who don't want to do it, so you'd probably only hurt the player base by doing that.

PP needs an overhaul in general, as it stands, since nothing you really do is _that_ different from other activities in the game. PP needs to be different in more than just knowing where to be.
Well I didn't intend on coming into this thread salty, but here we are.
Absolutely. 

I love the game, but the new player experience is brutal, confusing, and the times gates feel a whole hell of a lot worse early on compared to later on when you typically have things in the foundry at staggered intervals.
Fantastic news, I hope Q comes back and just destroys. 
Good update to the game. Mechanically I really enjoy the game, there just wasn't enough going on when I last played (~3 months ago) to get my uncreative ass to keep playing but that's not entirely on the game.
That wasn't even the biggest issue, the open world element. IMO, in order of worse offender to least offensive it was that the AI was terrible, most of the game was Scavenger Hunt: Tactical Barbie Edition™, the difficulty never really ramped up, they gave you too many tools which made the game even _more_ trivial, and the vehicle controls. 

If the AI was better, or if it weren't so easy, the game probably would have been better received. They just dumbed it down too much, and allowed you get super overpowered quite early on.
I stopped worrying about that after I realized that I spent $20-30 on dinner when I go out and that's only a couple of hours of entertainment and it literally just gets turned into shit and piss. It also got thrown out when certain games gave me a ridiculous amount of hours for no down payment (World of Warships, Warframe) compared to some other games where I've spent more and got fewer hours, but a better experience (The Division, Elite Dangerous).

If I buy a $60 game and I don't enjoy it, oh well. It's only $60. It's not like I'm never going to have money again. I still try to at least make sure I'm going to enjoy the game though, I don't go just go around dropping money all willy nilly.
Palmer was injured in, I think, Week 15 and never really had a chance to let his hand heal and his play suffered from then on. The Panthers also played incredible defense during that game as well and their offense had a great game plan.

I'm fairly concerned at this point how this whole plan pans out. It could put us in contention for the SB, or it could blow up in our face. Only time will tell.
I _very_ highly doubt we keep Suh. He's a monster, don't get me wrong, but that one is 100% a rental and he'll get paid big bucks next offseason. 

I do agree it's a two year window, however.
I am not sure I'd agree with that. Despite getting thumped in the NFCCG, I still think the Cardinals were far and away the most complete team in 2015.
Gotta ride the Cousins sucks train now, don't try to fight it. It is all consuming.
If he takes the _all time_ leading scorer title, I will be furious if he is not first ballot.
I'd probably ask myself how, tell myself I have no god damn idea, and then just fist bump. 
If God were a rifle, it'd be the M1 Garand, god dammit.
> not all wehrmacht soldiers were nazis

Isn't this one kind of true though? I remember reading a distinct issue in late 30s German armed forces was a lack of leadership available so during the implementation of the Nazi ethos they'd overlook that this officer was a Jew or this one was blah or whatever.

Also, the whole thing by 1944 choice of "Die by Hitler or die by the Russians, your choice."

Now, naturally, a fuck load of them were Nazis and bought in (and if you were a German in the 30s, I can see _why_), but just saying that accepting that not everyone in Nazi Germany was a huge piece of shit isn't really wehraboo-y.
I like the number design, or at least how the 8 looks. Guess we'll have to see how the rest of it comes together.

Also they should have just got with the light blue, seriously.
The same Rodgers who arm punted into the endzone with 00:00 left on the clock from, like, 3 counties away?

k.
Well alright, I learned me a thing for the day. Thanks Professor Fish!
What a Game 7 it was too.
My condolences, fellow dumbass.
DeBeers hasn’t had a monopoly on diamonds in years, man. It’s just that everyone likes the high prices and laughs their way to caviar and fucking high end escorts.
Yea, you’re an artist. Don’t need to rub it in my face, man. Sheesh.
I’m super dumb. I tried locking my house with the key fob to my car this morning. 
So you're cool with Bortles murdering hookers? Way to be, bro.
If I could only do one, it'd be Cannae. Otherwise I'd try to make a career of photographs of ancient battles.
Aurelian. Pronunciation is basically the same as how you put it though.
Aurelian, not Marcus Aurelius.
Fucking love that podcast.
Well I'm buying it.
That's basically how it is for me. I only really get upset when people do something monumentally stupid (killing a synthesis target, for example) or directly get in the way of the squad completing the objective.

Otherwise I don't really care, chances are that I could probably carry a 4 man by myself and I'm sure that's true for a pretty significant portion of the player base. A lot of us even on this sub have ridiculous setups, and I personally have like 4 different nukes to work for whatever. 

You have to be _directly_ in the way to get someone upset.
I liked it. With the added element of the other enemies, it could get a bit difficult if you let it get out of hand.
I know all about that awful ass PP. I think we didn't get a PPG until, like...almost December? It was horrible.
God damn right.
I think the team as a whole should have gotten more talk about this season. We shouldn't even be in the playoff race with how the first three months of the season went for us, _especially_ November and December. 

I also think Gibson's perceived "glass" status hurts him, no pun intended. It's a little obnoxious since this season any time he's gone out it's from getting hit by someone else.
Drai is incredible. He's like 8 points away from his totals from last season on a much worse team, he's absolutely worth his salary, especially since you have him locked up until '24-'25.
:)
A big reason why the community here isn't super awful is because virtually all of the content in the game is PVE with no incentive to be "the best" because there's no real endgame. You get what works, grind out the things you want, and move on.
> Elite is the only game where you're not only expected to google things, but the game is clearly designed around you googling and using third party tools.

Soooooooooooort of.

Warframe suffers from the same issue. While it's not quite as built in necessity as Elite, you basically have to traverse the wiki quite a lot. I would say the same for Ark as well.

Elite is just the most extreme example.
The only one I liked was /r/EliteDangerous and /r/starcitizen swapping CSS and some goofy jokes about the differences.
Seriously though, that shit is awesome.
It's because he's money, bro.
God _dammit_ I fucking love this kid!
I feel you, man. I don't need any root canals, but I have two wisdom teeth still in that require surgery to remove and I lost my insurance right around the time that I discovered I _had_ dental insurance (on my mother's plan because it was ddaaaaaankkk). Got what I could done, but even with the insurance the surgery was going to cost like $900, I don't even want to imagine how much it'd be without it.
I feel like we needed some more time between attacks, but that probably wouldn’t have been an issue if we had the ~5-6 more people. 
Role: Alpha SL

Good: Mission structure, weapons, and vics.

Bad: Outpost layouts, coordination, and lack of players.

Ugly: Bleedout timer.

I felt like this mission was failed hard because of the lack of players that we had. If we had two squads ready to go, it probably would have gone a lot smoother overall. I fucked up with the initial assault on Alpha _and_ Bravo, but finally went more conservative for Charlie.

I did a pretty piss poor job as SL this time, so that's on me, but I did feel like people weren't into it even going into the mission. James stepped up and did a good job basically taking over for me at random times.
Nope. We were, however, second in the conference behind the Red Wings.
Once :)
I don't make the rules, man.
This is physically hurting me.
I don't really see the Enthoo cases being brought up very much and I'm not quite sure why. I found it far more enjoyable to build in and maintain than an S340 or P400s, but it is in a price bracket just above them but it's the same price as the S340 Elite and that's recommended more often above it. 

IMO, the Enthoo Pro M is pretty much the perfect case if you aren't going for flair. There are definitely cases out there with more personality, but it's hard for me to think of another case that does the same job but better.
A large part of the smokes at the end was because the infantry, I believe, thought that red smoke = engage. I was hoping to give you guys a bit of a more hands off role at some point, but I kept dying so I couldn't communicate with y'all very well.

I'm glad that I was able to be effective while alive though, I enjoyed being FAC and I really want to do it again at some point.
I've seen it all day and I'm in California...
I sincerely hope that Josh Allen proves people wrong. I don't really watch CFB or anything but everyone is shitting on him (supposedly rightfully so) but damn that'd be wonderful for him to come out and be a banger.
I very highly doubt it will be. Beyond seems like more of an adjustment period for the game. They've _finally_ nailed the engineers part of engineering (although mats gathering needs to be...better), but we just need more actual content to justify expanding ways to accomplish the same goals.

This is especially true of planetary content which is sparse, uninteresting, and random at the moment.
It isn't meant to be an exploring ship, _however_, it is meant to be a long-range patrol ship which makes the FSD range even more confusing.
I'm pretty sure that's the _only_ entry level HOTAS, to be honest. 
As the other poster said, Horizons just unlocks content that is already in a shared world. Particularly access to engineers, landing on planets, and multicrew. However, a decent amount of that stuff you don't really need to worry about until you've gotten the basics down.
My man.
Wasn't it the Arizona Cardinals?
It is bright.

[Here](https://i.imgur.com/LCe1qgD.jpg) is the Jets uniform actually on someone, and [here](https://i.imgur.com/gQ0EB2H.jpg) is what the Eagles jersey looked like. They're pretty close. Although that Jets jersey is actually the 90s version with the black stroke on the numbers and black facemask.
I don't think they're losing money, people were losing their shit when they invested a bunch of the money last year.
In his post it says

>with an included 13 million increase in cap room.

Either way, you have a decent number of players who have no or minimal dead money if they're cut in the offseason. I think y'all will be tight on cap for next year but you come out the other side just fine.
Go [here](http://www.sportslogos.net/logos/list_by_team/152/New_York_Jets/) and scroll down to the home uniforms section. The Jets used Kelly green for longer than their current darker green. It's also pretty obvious on the helmets from 1978-1997.
It's the best logo they've ever had and they decided to go with a generic football.
That's why I think he did poorly, IMO. You know he's the kind of guy who would just want to throw out a "What the fuck was that?" but he can't do that on broadcast.
That's kind of why I say it's less an issue with the Clipper and more an issue with the T7. The Clipper isn't fundamentally a trading vessel, the T7 is, but because of the quantities involved in outpost trading missions there are only two real options in the Python and Federal Gunship. The difference in max tonnage is something like ~120t though.

If it's not the T7 that gets changed, I'd like to see a medium _trade_ vessel that can put in ~350t of cargo space.
For sure. The only reason I've been using my DBX with the 55 LY jump range is that I specifically to a place in the galaxy and then jump around there. Rather than just kind of exploring everything, I just want to get somewhere, putz around, and come back.
While I don't really see a reason to take it out over an Asp X (in terms of functionality), you can get it to 40 LY jump range without a ton of engineering (Pretty much just G5 FSD range) and by getting lower sized modules. Even with the same size as the slot, it's not ridiculous to get it to ~32 LY which isn't atrocious. The only _real_ limiting factor of it is that you can't take an AMFU and a shield, and repair limpets are out of the question unless you also want to sacrifice the SRV.

Also since when do hardpoints matter for exploration? 
I remember after his first game I said that his running style was going to get him hurt and people jumped down my throat. He still had an impressive 2015 campaign, but it's an unfortunate "I told you so" type of thing.
No, but that doesn't mean my opinion of their physical attraction can't or won't change over time of knowing someone. There have been women that I did not find attractive at all when I met them, but over time I became attracted to them to some degree.

It'd be fool's gold to date someone that you weren't attracted to. Sex is a physical manifestation of love, for some, and how shitty would that be if you just...didn't want to have sex with your partner? 
Just adjust the mirrors to aim a bit away from your eye. You can still use them to see to your left and right, but won't be blinded.

I live in an area where everyone apparently needs to have lights that project 18 billion lumen at all times, so I've gotten used to it.
Hasn't Phillips been a pretty good team president for you guys though?
That Polygon review was so out of left field for me. A few hours after release I looked up the reviews and the score stood out to me so I went to read it and I was so confused. The author basically didn't talk about the game itself, it was weird.
Frontier has been pretty good about not including game-altering mechanics in microtransactions, but they do have them in their games. Planet Coaster has their theme packs, which you could argue are not okay, but there's enough content put out in the patches and workshop it's difficult for me to say so. Elite Dangerous has no mechanical things, just skins, clothes for your dude, and stuff like that.
I want the 80s logo back. The current one is...kind of dumb, and I've always felt that way. The one that actually looked a bit like a jet was in use for almost 20 years before they swapped to the current one. Rather keep the current colors though because they're so good, man.
9 is fine for the most part. The problem with 8 is that you get T10 matches like 60% of the time or some shit like that. I do not blame you for not wanting to go through a T8 cruiser grind.
We have a saying on my Discord...

War never drops...unless you're playing without me. Then it drops. Often.
The Jets line is nowhere near the bottom now, _especially_ with Johnson gone. I know he flashed a bit in 2016 but I believe he ended up being the legitimate worst C in the league. 

Like, the Jets don't have one of those fancy 2016 Cowboys lines, but it ain't that bad man.
I’m hoping the Q4 update to exploration gives a tangible line of progress that we can see. A lot of the content in this game at the moment doesn’t have a reasonable extension. 
I’ve seen the suggestion of having the T7 lowering itself after landing to actually fit in the hangar. They could always just change the model for it.

Basically I just find it odd that the Python is the best medium trader. There’s a huge jump in cost from the Type 7 range of ships until the Python and it’d be nice if the Type 7 could actually do medium trading _or_ another medium trading vessel is introduced in the game between the 6 and 7 which would also rectify what I see as an issue. 

Eventually I hope there’s enough ships in the game to have a more organic progression compared to the gaps that there are now and the Type 7 not being medium (and a smaller extent the Clipper too) is one of those things I feel. I know you can still do any L pad station but like I said, a lot of outposts offer quite profitable missions without being ridiculous. 
I feel like they should just hand wave and make them M sized ships. At least the Type 7. It’s dumb that the best medium trader in the game is a multi role ship, would open up the middle of the game too, so that way the grind to the Python and above isn’t as painful since a lot of profitable missions are outpost trading missions.
My dumbest death was after I swapped clean drives on my Cutter for dirty drives...and I boosted towards a station expecting ~310 or so. Nope. Ramped up to 450. Right into the station. I completely forgot about the engineering I’d done and boop.

It was fucking hilarious.
Fuck. I gotta do that shit tonight then. I had no idea. 
Sounds like flowers! Flowers are pretty!
Well that's not very nice.
I, too, am a whale biologist.
Elusive. Illusive is like he’s an illusion.
I always like to see how people just have their set up in general. Everyone has a battlestation, but it's always _just_ computer stuff. It's nice to see other things there too, a glimpse into the den of a nerd.
Everyone cleans theirs. I can't remember where it was, but there was a forum where there'd be like...desk checks? You took a photo of your desk as is, at that moment. I think /r/battlestations has those threads here and there and I prefer those far more.

Fucking no one keeps just a keyboard, just a mouse, and a headset stand on a desk. This isn't _1984_ god dammit.
Go to any sub and it's basically like that everywhere. On any phone sub when a new phone is released there will be hundreds of the _exact_ same picture (phone on it's back, screen on, on a table) and everyone going fucking nuts.
I thought the only reason people did the clean installs of iOS software was because OTA didn't do proper delta updating or some shit like that and it took up more space after the update.

Writing that out it sounds like bullshit now that I think of it.
You know that no matter what though, you hope that phone rings.
You mean the informal and formal and stuff like that? Yea. That shit is dumb too.
A new STALKER game would absolutely require a new engine. The X-Ray engine sucked ass, man. I remember Complete 2009 had a significant portion of the mod dedicated to just stabilizing the game because the engine just was so awful in that regard. 

When it comes to Arma though, the mechanics are pretty much the same between stuff like BR, Life, Wasteland, and most milsim units when it comes to the weapons, movement, and stuff like that. It’s really just the organization that changes. I don’t think I’ve ever actually used ACE ballistics for anything other than changing how ranging is done (which isn’t hard either). 

I’m actually looking forward to the new Metro game because it looks a lot like STALKER with the instanced worlds. 
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: FAC & Raffle me, Wally.
They're quite similar in a lot of ways. I don't really have a functional understanding of German, but have flirted with it quite often in the past. I really just struggle with the differences for die, der, das, etc since in English it's just "the".
Well, modern English is just a dirty little slut but English at the root is a Germanic language. 
If they're going to charge 8,000 doubloons for a camo, it'd better make me fucking breakfast too. It's excessive to charge 8,000 doubloons for a skin with no sound, no other effects, for one ship, that there is already _another_ overpriced permanent camo that's $15 cheaper.
A neato burrito fact is that English is actually a Germanic language.

If you ever hear Old English, it's pretty obvious.

EDIT: a word
Man, NMS really brings out the asshole in everyone.
Already tried that. Still can't see a damn thing. Making it bigger just made it muddier, unfortunately.
The popularity of Dark Souls tells me the difficulty wasn't the issue, and probably wouldn't be today.

There are things that work against STALKER as a mainstream title. At release the graphics were already shit, the voice acting was kind of bad, the UI was a disaster, and the game felt stiff. All of those made it kind of sink by the wayside for a bit, especially how stiff the game was. Most of the issues have been fixed by mods, but there's always going to be that underlying jank from the engine.

Look at Arma 3. It's not easy an "easy" game but it's wildly popular. PUBG too.
Personally, I never found Splinter Cell that difficult at all. The first few titles were really cool, but not that complicated.
Well that's just fucking spectacular.
That's why I don't think I've ever personally played on a server that didn't have adjusted tame times. They're absolutely fucking insane without adjustment. 
I can't see a god damn thing in this tiny, 10 FPS gif, but I'm sure this was sweet as fuck.
Even if consoles get more powerful, computers continue to also get more powerful and with the feature creep of SC, I wouldn't be surprised if they still required something high end by the time it released.
> I really don't know why people are so against this coming to Elite Dangerous. What is there to lose?

There's nothing to lose, but only a gimmick to gain. It's the same reason I'm opposed to adding more SRV types beyond a basic combat and hauling variant.

Before adding these things in, they need to have at least a cursory version of something to _do_ with them. Space legs is a fine idea, and the limited version of walking around your ship isn't too crazy or anything, but people clamor for it when it wouldn't really change a damn thing about the game right now. 
I actually didn't know that, time to get lost in Wikipedia for the next 6 hours.
You can get crazy resistances on shields for the Corvette. I think if you engineer it right, you have something like 13k health in terms of thermal resistance once you have the shield and boosters engineered. The actual shield number is closer to 4k, but you know...that's still a shitload too.
I very rarely see a woman that I personally enjoy the look they got going on with high waisted jeans. It's not my jam. It makes everyone's ass look long.

However, if you're comfortable, fuck everyone else. I went to my math class today in basically glorified sweat pants, a fucked up shirt, and a hoodie with holes all about it. If you're comfortable then fuck it yolo.
Eh. Mechanically there's a lot more going on in combat, and it's a lot more active. Exploration is more passive, which is fine. Honk, look at planets, know how they sound, scan, move on. Realistically, the only thing I'm _really_ disappointed with in terms of exploration with current mechanics is that 99.9999999% of the shit you come across is just not interesting.

When you do find that interesting shit though, hooooo doggy.
I'm pretty sure they're talking about the CoD map Rust, not the game.
I don't think that was me, then. I have been fairly ambivalent towards Watkins (wish we could have kept him though) and the only time I've gone to the Jags sub was after the AFCCG for some hugs.

It's either here nor there, though. I think Watkins is a good player, I just don't think he's a WR1 with his injury history.
Yea, I don't watch any CFB, most of my pre-draft information comes from here and podcasts, and I hadn't heard his name at all. It was a nice surprise.
I don't recall having that conversation with you, my man. Mind linking it?

Most of my defense of Goff has been people labeling him a bust after 2016, off the top of my head. Of course, I don't remember every conversation I have.
That still doesn't make him a WR1. I don't think he's bad and never intimated that, but he does not produce like a WR1 and hasn't in 2 years.

Also, Jared Goff was (I think, it's behind a paywall from [PFF](https://www.profootballfocus.com/news/pro-most-accurate-deep-ball-passers-in-2017)) 9th in adjusted completion percentage in 2017. Saying he doesn't "throw a deep ball for shit" is a bit disingenuous.
_flips through Zap Brannigan's Big Book of Jobs_

You win this time, guacamole man.
> There is no industry, besides football, that requires people to just run into each other and hurt themselves.

Rugby? While they stress more tackling, people still run into each on purpose.

Also I know you said _required_, but hockey also has a ton of physicality in it and I'm pretty sure it's just accepted that if you're by the boards, you risk getting hit.
He was in a good situation and put up the numbers to prove it. Can’t really ask much more. If he was in that situation and sucked weeellllll that’d be different. 

I’m pretty pumped for this next season.
Watkins has WR1 talent when he's healthy. He's just not healthy enough. He played in a decent amount of games, but he got fewer yards than Woods and Kupp particularly because he was out as a decoy or just not playing at 100%. He did have the most receiving TDs on the team, however, so that part I will miss.
I don't blame you, man.

The Anaconda _is_ a good ship, it's very versatile what with being a multirole ship, but I'm not really a huge fan of it personally. It flies like a tub of shit in SC, okay in normal space, pitch really sucks. Cutter/Type 9 are both better for trade, IMO, Corvette is better for combat, and the Type 10 is apparently the best xenohunting ship.

It's not necessarily _bad_ at any of those things mind you. It's sufficient for combat, trade, exploration, and xenohunting, there are just better options for it. It's the idealized ship because it doesn't have a rank requirement, it can jump really far, and it's a decently cool looking ship.

That final sentiment I 100% agree with though. In particular, it really irks me that the Python, a multirole ship, is the best medium pad trading vessel in the game. There's just no question about it. I am hoping with the mining and exploration overhauls we see more ships tailored to their needs and get modules that are more in tune for their specific roles. At the moment you can do basically anything in basically any ship, which dilutes the quality of the ships overall, IMO.
FWIW, the UD definition has been the use I've seen far more often outside of the ED community. It's kind of funny how it's totally swapped.
While I still hold true to the opinion that exploration is mechanically dull...I did it recently for shits and giggles with some friends and ended up quite enjoying myself. So much so that I am going back to the bubble to take care of a few things before setting off in a random direction in the galaxy.

I originally left in a DBX because of the jump range, but I'm going back to grab my AspX so I can have that larger fuel scoop (while only sacrificing ~5 LY in range). I probably won't go to Sag A* until black holes are more visually appealing in the game, and I have no real reason to go to Colonia, so here we are!
I don't think there's any RNG now, is there? The only thing I can think of is the rate in which you progress through each grade, but isn't that solely determined by the reputation that you have with an engineer?

Although there is still RNG with materials gathering, which I guess falls under the purview of engineers.
Survival's main draw at the moment is pretty much just resources. If you have a buddy with a drop chance booster, and bring a Nekros, and a Hydroid with Pilfering Swarm, you get oodles of resources.

Every other mission type is usually better for anything else because they can usually be done faster, assuming you're doing it solo. The scaled enemies for defense might make it take longer, I haven't personally gone through and tested it or anything.
Probably.

To me it just seems like a different way to get Kuva rather than doing the siphons/floods. I already play quite a bit of survival so now it's just basically a side objective. 
The right side is fine in theory, it's just busy as fuck. The left would be cancer without some kind of filter system.

The issue I see with that mock up is that with weapons, the right side will have a random ass scrolling menu there. It fits with the current UI on the left hand side, but with this one it'd just be nasty.

EDIT: Thinking about it for the frames in particular, if you could just have an arrow that moved to a new "page", as it were, where it displayed the stats of the abilities while you still use the mods in the bottom right quadrant would be neat if they went with this idea.
We keep going down this path and eventually you don't even exist anymore. 
Judging by the types of comments that came out when he retired, people still like BA. It's just that the 10 ply folks came out whenever he said something abrasive.
I'm kind of in the same boat. I thought he was fantastic, he was fun to watch, he played well, but a lot of his production came off of Gurley as well. Granted, a part of that was the rotating WR corps and Kupp being a rookie (while looking damn good though) with no _real_ WR1. Played a few soft defenses as well, and we all know how people love to discount trashing bad defenses 'round here (I'm guilty of it too).

That's compared to the Rams playing some good/great defenses and Goff still showing up. His only objectively bad game was the first Seattle game where he did play poorly. Against Minnesota he didn't play great, but he wasn't a liability or anything. He also showed up big in the first SF game where our defense couldn't stop a fucking thing, and played pretty lights out against the Eagles.

I'm pretty sure he's the guy, but one year does not a career make.
[Behold](http://www.phanteks.com/Enthoo-Pro-M.html), my boring black box. It's fantastic though, the internals are incredible.
I'm not a fan, but I 100% admit to liking boring black boxes. My case is just a big ol' black box lol.
The Izumo is notoriously unfriendly to those who play it. It's just not a good ship, in my opinion. It _could_ be, but it just has everything that the meta hates. It's big, lights on fire easy, questionable dispersion (IMO), and goes up against some very strong ships.
Because he had a stellar opening 5 games. 7 TDs, 1 INT, almost 1200 yards, 65% completions. He showed that he had the stuff even if his play the rest of the year didn't quite hit that same bar. Regarding Wentz, at least.
Probably the '10 NFCCG where Aaron Rodgers did not play well and neither did Cutler nor Hanie.
...why would Sean get a new hip? Is he okay!? WHO HURT HIM!?
Pretty sure it's basically awesome, important, and necessary for basically anyone's play style.
Yea, nope. That's excessive. 
That's true for me. I played IX first and I was fucking crushed that the PC remake of it was a port of the mobile version of the game. 

I personally didn't like VII that much, but I don't think it's a bad game per se.
Yea, that part kind of sucks, but at least my friends who run with me who have far fewer hours are getting parts to build cool things.
To each their own, but the fewer dongles I have to buy, the better. 
The only app that I feel had bad memory management is Instagram where I can open it, press home, and open it again and it’s like I just started the app for the first time. Otherwise it’s pretty great!
The only issue with avoiding the Touch Bar is you are also avoiding models with 4 ports compared to 2. That’s the only reason I’m getting the model with the Touch Bar.
Same, that's the only reason I haven't purchased it yet.
Razer laptops look really nice, and I'm sure the RGB thing gets some people too. I'd personally never get one because I don't need a gaming laptop in the first place, but in terms of looks, they've got it nailed for the most part.
Most of their stuff is just black with their logo on it though, don't look any different than, say, Logitech or Corsair.
We don't even know if he's going to be the starter.
You're doing very well for being a non-native speaker! 
Bog standard, my friend. 
The previous top bar UI looked like every other F2P game from 2014. I'm much more happy with we have now, especially since when nothing is going on I can just jump around in my ship. It's like ship spinning in EVE but fancier.
I took my group and I roughly 30 T2 relics to get the stock to drop. It was quite frustrating but at least I have a bunch of forma and ducat fodder now.
Probably because people look for things in them that aren't always the rare parts. I'm not going to think about what the rare part is in a Lith H2 when I'm trying to get a common Zephyr drop.

Also because I just never noticed.
...Mexico?
I didn't really include Thargoid stuff because that's pretty much "end game" and the rest of the game can be accomplished in half-engineered ships. You are right though, once stepping up to xeno-hunting, you need pretty good ships to make it happen.
FWIW, Eli is only taking up ~12% of your cap for the next two years, and when AB hits his $22MM payday in 2019, it's 11.7% of the cap. So I don't think you'll be hitting 30% of your cap on two players, especially as the cap keeps going up and people are projecting OBJ to get $20MM AVV, probably closer to 20%, which I feel is pretty reasonable for a franchise QB and a superstar WR.
It gets ridiculous. You don't need to get that crazy unless you do PVP often though, honestly. My Corvette isn't _too_ heavily engineered but it's very capable in PVE, although I haven't done anything particularly dangerous in it just yet. 
[Here](https://imgur.com/a/DT8p9) is a small album of our little trip.

About a month ago, some of my friends bought Elite and we eventually decided to go on a small exploration expedition as a group just for the heck of it. We chose the Trifid Sector IR-W D1-52 to go to Observation Post Epsilon, an asteroid base. I'd personally never been too much outside of the bubble, mainly just to Quince when that place was poppin.

We chose 5 waypoints to meet at, spent about 2 hours a day between each one just looking around. I ended up peeing on 10 planets that are now mine, you can't have them, but the screenshot in the OP is the first thing I ever discovered. A nice, poopy brown, water giant.

I've always thought exploration was kind of dull, and I do still think that it is mechanically, but it was much more serene and enjoyable than I expected when going on this trip.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Alpha SL
That's because we didn't control the puck, obvi. /s
I like how at the end he threw what I presume was his steering wheel just like "God. Damn. It."
So when you guys jerk off to this one, what is your lubricant of choice?
I didn't want to be that guy since everyone was loving the idea in this thread, but yea, I'd never touch it because archwing is shit.
Same, but mainly the patch. I don't mind paying $60 for a Far Cry game, I pretty much know what the experience is going to be and I'm okay with that, but his review talking about the AI did not give me a whole lot of faith that I'd enjoy it for a full play through.
I think people are just crowning him too early. Dude looked legit as fuck, and definitely passed the eye test, but people mainly look at stats (and that gorgeous smile) here.
I love it, honestly. Control the puck, control the game.
We did almost this exact same thing against the Jets back in January and worked fairly well, but the OT period actually ended and the game ended up going to a shoot out.
How do I delete someone else's reddit account?
If McCown didn't go down, there was a legitimate shot for the Jets to be 8-8 last season.
Why do you say that?
While I'm not sure he necessarily earned SB MVP, he didn't really game manage. QB stats in most of the early SBs aren't very spectacular. I've watched a decent amount of SB III and he moved the ball plenty but both teams had pretty great defenses.
I think the limiting factor for texture streaming is VRAM. My 770 only had 2GB. Runs fine now on my 1070 with 8GB. So, yea, pretty much just brute forcing it.
I'm pretty sure it was the texture streaming. I had that issue too when I had a 770. As soon as you dropped from max or whatever, it stopped streaming, and the game ran fine for me after that.
While I totally agree that the grind is a bit much, if it's taking you weeks, you really need to change up what you're doing.
Unfortunate. I get why they didn't get too in depth with it but that system is just boring as all get out.
Is the battle system still just tapping the ever loving shit out of your screen?
They're planning on doing a major overhaul to the website at some point. I don't think it necessarily looks bad at all, but I'm not really a fan of it being the main UI of the site. I know that they mentioned at some point they want to have a unified way of editing subreditts and whatnot to replace CSS but we haven't seen that at all thusfar.
Well, I'm assuming Hundley not turning into a serviceable QB is probably what got their QB coach fired.
Sounds heavenly tbh
Right, but to overhaul those you need new features for them.

Like, exploration, it makes _sense_ mechanically. It's just dull. Mining is getting an overhaul so we'll see about that one.

The economy is a problem that is difficult for them to approach. At the moment the BGS accomplishes, like, 99% of the economy in the game. If rares didn't exist, traders would probably have more to do because they could actually find stuff that systems needed, but that would require a larger burden on the player base in terms of interaction. That basically means throwing out the current BGS for a whole new monster, that's just not going to happen.

Planetary content is a wasteland (figuratively and literally) and all that needs to be added is more actual stuff and instancing overhauls, which is a big ask. More SRV types, more things to find on planets, so on and so forth. Shit, No Man's Sky has significantly better planetary content and it's not exactly bursting at the seams with stuff to do.
> If the devs added some stuff like having landable planets, better mining, player run stations and some other stuff, a lot of people would still complain its "too empty" because those particular people want more MMO style quests/pvp.

I'm sure there are people who want that stuff. I know I would love to have more MMO elements in the game to push people to play in Open more.

There are just a lot of mechanically uninteresting things in the game. USS hunting sucks, exploration is mechanically dull, trading has no legitimate economy behind it (it's always just slaves), there isn't enough to do on planets, etc etc.

They really do need to add more meaningful content to the game, but you'll never make anyone happy. 
> This is also why when people post awesome discoveries here, they might not divulge the system because they haven't returned from their trip to the bubble yet to sell it.

That is _exactly_ why I haven't posted my shitty gas giant that I found earlier.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Mortar SL
I...am Hunhow. Sentient destroyer of servers.
Well, we're planning on adopting in the future anyway shortly after marriage. It was pretty devastating for her to learn that she can't actually have her own.
The moment I was told that the gear script was broken, I stopped spawning enemies with night vision. I was told while you were in the middle of an engagement so I didn't delete those guys but after the South whatever thing, you only fought dudes without NV. I checked multiple times.

Although I did try to come up on you guys as a Viper unit but I goofed up on something and got spotted :(
Role: Pollux (Zeus)

Good: I had a ton of fun this mission. Placing the units and getting to work with Zeus for the first time was fairly easy and really enjoyable. I tried to keep a good atmosphere for Bravo.

Bad: VCOM and gear script breaking.

Ugly: idk lol.

Personal highlights: Artillery is really fun and a ton of goats.
Per kilowatt hour, nuclear energy is the most efficient and has the lowest carbon footprint out of any method of energy out there IIRC. The environmental aspects of nuclear energy are very misunderstood by the general public.

EDIT: I'm actually not sure how it stacks up to geothermal energy, now that I think of it.
Saaame here, my man. It was like ascending into a new plane of existence. The _only_ benefit of my girlfriend being unable to have children is this.
It hasn't been "officially" announced yet but they did a pre-sale for season tickets as a test and they sold like 800 bajillion like something around 15 seconds and all the talk from various offices throughout the league has just continuously pointed to Seattle.

While I'm not a fan of the Golden Knights running over the Pacific Division (especially as a Ducks fan), I'd rather have that than how Columbus and Minny came in to the league as garbage teams.
Or Sean Payton, apparently. 
When the NHL expands to Seattle, I'm a little afraid of them pulling the same thing that the NFL did.
> who lose the Superb owl...

As is tradition.
Because it's Friday night and we're all fucking nerds. Why else?
> way more customization of classes

Damn, the first must have had almost none then.
I mean, it is, but I'd be aggrandizing the fuck out of myself if I had just saved someone's life. I get it.
Oh I'm sure. I was looking through who were your cap casualties, and Dareus is for sure one with 0 dead money. There were some others but I'm not sure what their impact on the team is (Church, Linder, Parnell, and Jones) so I don't know how realistic it would be to cute them.

Either way, the year right after you have 26 million already, and that's before any cuts are made next year.
Looks more correct than what I put, therefore, I believe you.
I directly talked about sorties, my bro. 

They aren't hard anymore. Being a little bit careful and having a proper build of virtually any weapon or frame will allow you to get through the third stage of the sortie.

In the noclip documentary, Steve mentioned he didn't want to shut the casual players out. That's fine. I think it's smart with the way the game is structured. That's still only, at most, one mission every 24 hours for "endgame" content, however. Staying in a survival mission for an hour doesn't exactly scream enjoyable endgame.

Also, I mean, I'm not going to intentionally hamper myself to make it harder. That's not my point. My point is that with certain weapons and frames, you can just fucking obliterate a level (and not just with nuke frames) but there isn't really anything the game to justify that kind of power.

The only sortie mission I played that was hard where where you had to sabotage ambulasts (sp?) and, you know what? That shit was hard as fuck. I loved it.
It's so weird to me that we're continuously getting the ability to scale up our damage and have purpose built frames that knock out hundreds of thousands of damage in seconds...but we don't have anything that rewards _needing_ that kind of power. 

Even after the nerf, a Resquake Banshee can still really fuck things up. Combine it basically any other CC and or just people with powerful weapons that can CC (think Astilla or Lenz, I guess) and you can still control basically anything but all we really have is the final stage of a Sortie and I've only played one that was actually hard.

So outside of 1/3 of a game feature, and I guess The Index (which has limited build use), we have the ability to dish out fucking ridiculous damage making a lot of missions superfluous...but we're still getting the same rewards. Seems a little skewed towards the casual crowd too much.
I think, no matter what, cap is going to be a bit tight for you guys next offseason. 
Word, thanks.
That's an X52 Pro.
Also, so they're aware, players can influence the BGS. It just takes a lot.
So how does a homie repair these things?
I only have limited use of my Henri in clan battles (~10 battles) but idk, I just find the concealment to be a little more enjoyable and makes playing the boat more comfortable not having BB spotting range.

But, you know, you do you. If it works, then it works, right?
It is much, much better now but not quite what they were saying it was going to be. HG did a good job making it a pretty casual and enjoyable space game, but it's still not what they advertised.
A shame they're gone because there are no Trains of Eidolon.
I...kind of agree with what you're saying. Mainly that slots are hilariously inexpensive and you can get a few weapons slots by selling a single corrupted mod. Slots haven't factored into my personal plans for platinum since I discovered how cheap they really are.
Y'all so nice in person and now I see where the hate goes to. 
> The "meta" build for French cruisers is to run double rudder shift, allowing the Henri to turn on a dime, further improving its ability to dodge shells

Even with double rudder shift it turns like shit. I swapped out for concealment (also because it's more useful in clan battles) and it has made me far more effective.
A lot of it sounded PR-wrapped to me, but that would make sense anyway. If you want to make a comeback, you can't be _completely_ honest.

I hope he makes it though, I never want to see people fail to make their dreams come true...unless their dream is, like, genocide or something.
It wasn't just Gibson. The AHL players that we did bring up played their fucking hearts out. We lost a lot of games but those dudes put everything they had into it and every W that we squeaked out in November and December came off of pure willpower. Miller also played a bit during that period and had a .928 SV% as well. Should be noted that in November we had 3 OTL/SO losses that we probably shouldn't have even been in OT in the first place.

I love me some Gibson, don't get me wrong, but I am proud as fuck of the Ducks for being able to keep shit going when it looked like the season was all but lost.
You know it's some shit when the fans of the team who have won the last matchups is even saying "God no."
There was a very short period where we were missing virtually all of our top lines. That lasted like 2 or 3 games though.
Wait, for realsies? I thought they were just made up bullshit.
He has had one good year, let's calm down. He _could_ be a franchise QB, but one good year does not a career make.
You get downvotes because you say stupid shit like "_sigh_ faith in humanity burbaderpahurr" rather than actually putting a conversation together. 

No one gives a shit how good you are if you're being a dickhead.
That's legitimately the reason I won't go up the line. That speed that they lack is just something I'm not personally willing to go through.
By the time you get to your first T10, that's when you would have learned all this stuff. You probably won't have the abundance of special flags or +50/75/100% camos available until either well into that grind.

WoT's biggest issue is the face numbing grind, and WoWS is far, far more kind to the player and respects their time a hell of a lot more.
Dude, why are you such an asshole to people over a pixel boat?
Or...just make the whole thing available for free. There are a ton of palettes in the game, giving you one whole one ain't gonna hurt anybody.
In the grand scheme, Warframe has a significantly more fair system than a lot of F2P games specifically because you can earn the premium currency without there being a skillwall to access it. A lot of F2P games have events and tournaments or competitive modes that will give it away, which is why I mention the skillwall.

If this game didn't have that one, single thing, then it'd be a brutal system. It's not obvious to new players (for what I feel are obvious reasons) that you can sell things for platinum, and slots aren't particularly expensive either. It takes a bit of time before you can get to that point, but literally anyone can, without anything particularly special.
It's always been like this. 

A lot of these people who write these have to, first of all, work with a current build of the game at the time of writing. A lot of what the author put in this particular review was pretty true back in the first year of the game. Shit, they just recently fixed scaling for high resolution monitors.

Second, a lot of these authors rarely have the time they need to put into a game where they can make judgements from a position of authority. I feel like this particular review actually gave a good impression of how I felt back then.

I'm sure I could dig out a GamePro from 2005 that reviewed Killzone and probably wouldn't have touched on a lot of the mechanics in the game. They're snapshots, and even more so, they're snapshots of a new player experience.

I feel like video reviewing as a hobby from people like TotalBiscuit and ACG have turned the tide away from professional reviewers because they tend to (or seem like they) spend more time in the game itself and give you visual proof of what they're trying to say.
It's always a curve. First day or two has a high price, then it goes down to reasonable, and then around the time of vaulting it goes back up.

When Saryn was being vaulted I was selling the sets for 200p and now they're ~120p.
Wait, the IPS changes were shelved? Any particular reason?
What I would _personally_ like to see is that each planet, regardless of what is around it, has larger zones in general, that are populated with stuff and/or things.

PP's main fault is that it can't really function too well because the vast majority of it is just the same shit as the rest of the game for a different purpose. There's also undermining which is like bounty hunting but worse.

I don't actually have the solutions, personally, I just keep thinking about how, while SC is cool, I would have preferred the original idea of micro jump points in systems.
Is Ceos/Sothis not very profitable anymore? It wasn't crazy when I did it, but I was making a solid 50-60 million an hour.
Powerplay is a system that could function a hell of a lot better if Supercruise wasn't a thing. I know why it's there and it's integral to the game at this point, but I just keep thinking about how SC is a limiting factor to what you can do in open space.
That's...not exaggerating, that's lying.
You know what sticks with the most?

When they were talking about "the lever". Sheldon watched a mechanic in their game just...print money, actual money...and it was removed because it was a slot machine. Most companies wouldn't take that out, it's profitable, it's accessible, and can be abused. These ballsy fucks were just like "oohhhhhh nope, our b" and took it out and tried to create another way to do the same thing.

DE isn't perfect, and I feel like their philosophy on the grind time not being mirrored in game, but I can respect the fuck out of sticking to their principles in an industry and actively encourages you not to.
I'm assuming that strict liability pours over into other actions besides just sexual relations. I'm certain there's a reason it exists (probably plausible deniability being a thing) but, man, that seems harsh.
> even if you asked for ID and they gave you a convincing fake you're still on the hook if they were underage.

I feel like this is...kind of fucked up? 

Guess it'd be hard to prove that she had a fake ID that you saw though, so it makes some sense.
Yea, one of the groups I played with did 2-3 missions each session that were about an hour each (with the last one being smaller) and it was basically the same thing. ACRE really changed things for both that group and the current one where we can have people talking to each other after being dead. Makes the whole experience a lot better.
_slides on in_

Well that's why you should check out /r/combinedarms where we shoot bad guys and do milsim, but not hardcore milsim, because that shit is difficult.

Seriously though, I've been through a few groups that did the really hardcore stuff and it's just not enjoyable. Too much to go through, people try too hard, and missions are slow as fuck and it's not like actual life where you can mess around. In Arma, if things are slow, you don't do anything. You can only keep an eye out on the edge of a tree line for so long before you want to go and do something else.

I've had fun with stuff like the Epoch mod as well, since that can generally be played with just a few people and it's not too hard to gear up and get going. 
That was when I went through my first burst of playing.

A lot has changed in the game, and most of it for the better. Plains of Eidolon has been underwhelming, in my opinion, but the other content added since TSD came out has been superb.
Also, as well as what /u/Smallbrainfield mentioned, sock puppeting can also mean other people playing your account for a variety of reasons. It's not really an Elite thing from what I've seen, but it's around in a ton of other games.
The only thing I don't like about excavation is that it bugs out so frequently for me. Either the power cell dudes spawn at a really low rate or no one spawns at all. It happens to me too often for me to rely on it as a game mode for any farming.

When it works though, it's fine.
I have put the game down three times now. The first time was pre-Horizons after about 40 hours, credit grind was too much and other games came out. Second time was during 2.2, just before 2.3. Got up to about 220 hours there. Was able to get an Anaconda and Cutter from Quince and I worked to unlock engineers and explored planets and stuff. Third time was recently, I haven't played the game in about a week. I have a long-range expedition with some friends coming up and after that I'm going to shelve it for a while. I'm at, I think, 350 or so hours now.

Even without credits being a problem, a lot of the content in the game is shallow and repetitive. Some of it isn't. Hazres is fun, Xeno hunting is cool, trading _could_ be fun if you had the tools in the game and the mechanics to support it. Exploration (IMO) sucks ass. Mining sucks ass. Smuggling sucks ass.
Pretty good catch to make count.
I mean, if I had fuck you money, I'd probably do that too. I would imagine for some people money just doesn't exist anymore.
Oh, oh, for sure. Guess I glossed over that, my b.
Yea, that's pretty much what I said, but I kind of chose poopy words for it.
I haven't actively played in like...two years? I'm interested to see what it becomes. I don't personally plan on getting actually back into it though.
That is fucking crazy that the 9.x cycle of updates took almost 4 years. I remember when they wanted to do a major patch every month. 
I would imagine any [body part] infection probably hurts quite a bit. Doesn't really sound like fun at all.
>Why is this not the standard against which this game is measured?

Grind, grind, more grind, and a little side of grind.

Engineers are nice in that they expand the capabilities of your ship and make you very powerful in PVE situations and some PVP situations. Engineers are not nice because they are locked behind Horizons, they take a very long time to work through, and they are expensive both in terms of materials in the game and time in your personal life. 

3.0 made it better because you don't _have_ to search for that one resource over and over again and the ability to engineer parts from any port is very helpful as well. The whole legacy module thing people will get over and while I don't really agree with needingn to go there for experimental effects, it makes sense lore-wise. 

I would also say the final reason is because engineers are basically required at this point. They aren't an added level of progression on top of acquiring and outfitting ships, it's just another part of it. If you want to do PVP combat, it's not just kind of required, it's completely required. You don't measure game on engineers because there are still mechanical problems with them, despite the good they do.
I'm pretty sure it's because of the whole your instances being different between being in a ship and being in the SRV. It's silly.

What a strange thing to downvote.
If the chance of sex is greater than 0%, I will be prepared. I don't see why not? Things happen. Plenty of times I've gone to hang out with a chick friend, with no intentions, but shit went places and I fell into their vagina. It happens, man.
Couldn't a UTI turn into something far more serious for a female, a bladder infection? I've always understood it that since our recreational bits hang out further, we have longer tubes (for less than academic terminology) so it could still _technically_ happen to a dude but it's just not frequent.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Alpha SL. Raffle me for lightning, daddy.
Just needs the citadel raised, really. 
Having a lot of enjoyable content isn't quite the same thing as having actual endgame content. Warframe doesn't really have any. Sorties are the only thing and maybe the Index if you wanted to stay around in it (but that basically requires only a few build types).
I remember trying the alpha for Warframe. It was pretty awful. Decent ideas but outfitting made no sense, the mod system was limited as all get out, and there were like 2 levels. CBT wasn't a whole lot better. Honestly, even release wasn't a whole lot better. I think I stopped playing in like 2013? I'm not sure exactly when.

Picked it up in early 2016 again while waiting for The Division to come out, and I just had a fucking blast. I'm not even sure what exactly changed or clicked for me, but I went from having ~5 hours on Steam in it to 220. The Division ended up coming out and I just kind of moved on and didn't pick it back up again until Plains of Eidolon released. While I don't give a shit about the Plains very much, the changes over the year and a half since I'd played had me put about another 320 hours into it.

It's ridiculous how far this game has come. I had no idea that DE made Unreal, and I'm glad these fuckers are still around to keep this game going.
That sounds like fate, not a fluke.
Oh I'm not trying to defend the state of the game, I actually pretty often bring up how agonizingly slow the development pace of Elite actually is compared to the content being put in the game. Horizons took two years and we really didn't get _that_ much out of it, and Beyond is supposed to take a year and magically have more done? I don't buy it.

I have a strong feeling that they don't want to seriously fuck with the economy until post-Q4 because, and I have no way to back this up other than just postulation, I'm thinking they're going to do at least a minor overhaul to Powerplay. Squadrons and fleet carriers open that door really, really wide.

In terms of the mission board, at this point, they just have to not have a way to fix it. That's the only reasonable explanation. Spaghetti code or redundancies failing or something. I don't really ever believe developers ever want to fuck over their players, at least not intentionally, but people have complained about it for going on four years now. Something's up.
Because it's not an easy fix. We can postulate for days about _how_ to fix it mechanically, but it's not quite that simple.

And if they fixed board flipping without addressing the reason people flip now (that is, payouts and time investments almost never match up) then people would be even more pissed off to start. 

The only way that they can address board flipping is to also do a massive and fundamental re-imagining of the mission system. Personally, I'd be all for it. 
It's a shame, really. The gameplay of the original (or, Save The World, now, apparently) was enjoyable. 
If they ever unfuck T8 MM, then yea, Tirpitz would be an awesome boat to have. Otherwise the rest of the comments have better options.

I saw them a decent amount in ranked and they worked fairly well there, but I have no idea what tier the next ranked season is going to be.
It's...sort of shitty. Last season we basically had to have people play other folks' accounts because they were just liabilities or didn't have the proper ships, so we used a lot of rentals. This season we put a blanket ban on rentals, and that hasn't been a problem.

The problem is a not insignificant number of players have just...really bad game sense in clan battles. I could identify people who are actually dragging the rest of the team down. So while it's kind of lame to have the good players walk away after getting their flag (it's not all of them, FWIW), it's also lame that the middle end has to drag these other players to victories and it's just not happening at the same rate because these players keep making mistakes that cost games.

We have enough of the core team that is hanging around, available, to play. They just don't want to because they've already had to play a ton of fights. I've been calling and I'm burnt out too because, theoretically, everyone who could get the flag should already have it but losing makes it tough.
I wouldn't be surprised if they just knocked the payouts down. There are plenty of boring, easy missions...they just usually didn't take so little time to complete for so many credits.
Powerplay is a half-finished system. Realistically you can do certain BGS activities in certain systems to help out your power, undermining (basically bounty hunting), or hauling propaganda to places. Then, of course, there is the PVP combat in Open as well.

It's not different enough from the main game, except for structure, to make it really worthwhile. I don't know how they can make it better or add to it, but they really need to take a strong look at it after the Q4 update (which is adding carriers) since they'll have more content available to be used for it.
This sub in particular did not hate the gold rush. They hated it being removed.

If we're being completely honest with ourselves here though, and not taking into account the steep grind of the game, it was obvious that the skimmer missions were hilariously out of balance. Even if the rest of the game was balanced around the end tier gameplay earning 80+ million an hour, the skimmer missions were able to rack up 400+ an hour once you were allied and got even a little bit choosey with the missions you took.

Like, we all know the mission system has sucked because payouts aren't equated to the time invested at all. They need to go up. They don't need to go up to billions a day. I think I did about 8 hours worth of skimmer missions and earned 1.6 billion. I literally don't need to worry about money ever again and I still get plenty out of the game. 

That's not to say earning ridiculous money should never happen...but let's be real, the skimmer missions were _way_ too easy. If I was able to earn 400 million an hour but the risk was incredible and it required a highly engineered ship, it'd be less of a problem. But this required a shitty ship, with a shitty outfitting, blowing up after finishing the mission, where there was virtually no risk.

All Volyboom really did, beyond alleviating the financial woes of ~10k players, was continue to highlight the egregious imbalances of the current mission system. These problems probably won't be fixed any time soon, especially with the upcoming overhauls to mining and exploration.
They probably didn't adopt the model because of a couple of key reasons.

First is that they most likely don't want to give out free gold again, regardless of the amount. They've, over the years, lowered the amount of gold earned from events, clan wars, campaigns, and tournaments. It used to be fairly easy (if you were good) to earn ~20k gold a week between Daily Blitz tournaments, the weekly tournaments, and clan wars. This was mostly in 2014-2015. They lowered everything. Clan wars in WoT also got completely hamstrung when they came out with 2.0 where top clans went from earning 10-14k a day to 6k. Obviously people left. I would imagine this is basically _the_ reason they didn't allow the gold from tanks to carry over to ships. Some people had saved up several hundred thousand gold for boats, only to not be able to use it (which just fucking tickles me, personally, as I didn't do that).

Second is that they probably didn't want to have the same issues that WoT clan wars did, which was that it was every. single. day. I was in some form of administration in a clan from 2011 to 2016, with a few breaks here and there. The amount of time required to keep it going was immense, you never stopped. The actual map movements could only be a window of an hour and the play time as low as 30 minutes (barring nights with no fights, obviously) but I still had to talk to people for hours beforehand and hours afterwards. For the faults that clan battles have in boats, at least it's not every day. An addendum to this is that the participation requirement for CW 2.0 in WoT was just insane when it released. You had to have a team in strongholds _literally_ all day if you wanted to afford everything. They dialed that back, but the damage was done.

The last thing is probably because they just don't have the balance quite down at T10 in boats like they do (or did) in tanks. T10 in tanks was pretty well balanced, with periods of OP tanks coming out but eventually fading away. CVs aren't properly balanced either between themselves or with other classes involved, and I would imagine that's the great sticking point. 7v7 in the same format as WoT would be just awful. Even in WoT whenever they dropped from the 15v15 format, problems arose because the maps are completely designed around 15v15 format much like WoWS having maps designed for 12v12. Clan battles are stale. Everyone runs the same strat, every time, with a few audibles thrown in because it's dangerous as fuck to try something new because 1 player gone is massive.

Sorry about this wall of text, I didn't think I was going to write this much :P
We got a bunch of attrition because the key players in our clan got their flag...so they stopped playing.

That's fine, it's their choice, but that leaves a lot of our less than experienced and some downright bad players as the only available people. Realistically, we have about 4 or 5 more people in the clan who can get the flag, but the drop off from the "a-team" to what we're fielding now is...very noticeable. 

So, me personally, since I've been doing some calling, it's left me totally burnt out because I can't depend on the quality of the players to carry the match. We're also bringing less than ideal compositions as well, which further compounds the problem.

The time frame isn't a huge issue for me, it's the lack of preparedness on our part combined with a minimal pool of great players to choose from.
I don't like you. You say mean things.
In terms of the whole moneyball thing, I figured this was the season where they'd have to put the whole thing into motion but he was fired. I wasn't really surprised when he was fired though.

Also DePodesta is still employed by the Browns. We still moneyball bois.
There is a hard cap now, and it's quite expensive to get to, with pretty significant diminishing returns after a point. In my experience, once you have grade 5 reputation or whatever with an engineer, usually 3-4 G5 rolls on something will get you basically to the cap, where it's like 1-5% off from the actual maximum but it'll take another 3-4 rolls.

It's also helpful that experimental effects can be applied at any point that have a hard, set value that persist throughout the grades.
The T10 cruisers are generally fine though. The only one I'd say is legitimately hard to play would be the Minotaur. Everything below T10 is at some goofy disadvantage for the most part for some reason, however. 

Most BB lines have a pretty natural progression up in terms of playstyle and use. The cruiser lines, for whatever reason, have a major shift though. 
That and the interim period from the initial deal, and then rumors he might not sign after all, then he did. I'm sure that caused some people to balk.
Role: Beavo SL

Good: The mid-end of the mission was awesome, with constant contact and the low supplies near the end was incredible because it made everything so dire. 

Bad: I feel like if we don't have the parts of the base itself marked, we should have actual markers. I also felt the base was a little too big for how many people we had, but that was more of a coordination thing than anything else.

Ugly: The Helicopter hated me.

Improvements: Just what I mentioned in the bad section, tbh. 

Personal Highlights: The stand that Beavo made after we swapped sides. Beavo was able to make the last of our ammo really last.
For the all the problems still in the game, the changes to engineers has been a gigantic change in the way I play the game.

Previously I didn't even really bother too much because everything took so long to actually acquire. I still don't like having to trade rares to unlock some of them, but that's a minor inconvenience compared to how it used to work.

My ships are actually engineered now, unlike before where I only had a few of the engineers actually unlocked. I have a nice PVE shield tank Corvette that I've been using to gather mats in hazres and CZs because it's much easier to take what I get and move it around to acquire what I actually need.

The only thing I'm not quite in agreement with is the trade ratios across subcategories. 6:1 seems kind of brutal, especially for the G5 mats. 
Yea, I get that, but this is the _leading scorer in the entire league's history_ we're talking about here. It's a little strange to me that he won't be first ballot HOF.
I used to only pick the SC option when getting containers, but after I got 50 of some shitty flag last time, I said fuck it. There's no point. I already have a decent amount of the upgrades, so there's no real point in me trying anymore.
Sorry I'm so late with mine.

Role: A2 FTL

Good: Mission structure and layout seemed great, honestly. Instadeath was perfect for it. My FT was enjoyable, although this is one of those missions that clearly did need a few more numbers. A slightly toned down version would be _awesome_.

Bad: The friendly fire incident. I don't know who fired, but they dropped ASL, and then Bean Bags fired back (duh), and we fucking _smoked_ him. Shouldn't have happened. ID targets. AI takes a while to actually notice you, take that time to identify.

Ugly: Server issues. I believe Yozer already brought it up in the post-op.

Improvements: Toning it down, and, if possible, using the towns as checkpoints for moving up the spawn point. I really want to actually play this mission as it seems like a very straight forward mission but in terrain that I personally enjoy a ton both from a combat and from a leading perspective. Oh, and maybe get rid of that server hurtin' juice.
> Now, when I died, my medic got spooked and returned fire, so you shot him too. aaaaaahhhhhhhhh. Stop it.

_To be fair_, I understand that one. The initial shots shouldn't have happened.
Honestly, with the incredibly low rate of supercontainers combined with the amount in there that isn't very useful, I feel like they just need to up the rate in which you get them.
Sounds like some bullshit if you ask me.
Isn't he pretty close to being the lead scorer in the NFL...period? That's first-ballot IMO.
Regardless of the fact that they don't have to actually do anything to create the platinum, that's still like $3,700 of platinum (assuming the 80k value). They aren't doing that.
Payouts were still shit prior to 3.0, let's not kid ourselves here. The mission system has needed a serious look for years now, but it hasn't gotten one. I'm thankful enough that the skimmer missions were able to basically fund me in perpetuity insofar as I can tell right now, but that was _after_ I'd already purchased the Big 3.

A big part of the problem is just the total crapshoot payouts. There are times when I get great missions from even random systems and I can hang out there for a day or two getting good missions...and then they just dry up. Presumably from things going on via BGS, but still.

I'm pretty sure most of us just want a consistent, reasonable level of payouts.
I mean...if the rep++++ missions aren't giving as much as rep+++ missions are, that's a bug, no? The one technically paying out more rep isn't actually giving more rep, that's an issue.
Then you call the bank. That shouldn't happen and it's also out of DE's control.
I don't think we'll ever see space legs, personally, and I wouldn't really mind that if there was more interfacing throughout the galaxy besides dropping out of SC (which I realize the limitations of more and more as time goes on), going to stations, and landing on planets.

Either way, your opinion is not wrong, we just see it differently. Personally, if the Q4 update is meh then my outlook on the game is meh.
I normally don't like playing with Limbo, but there have been enough out there that have been fine and communicative (turns out rolling gets rid of his...time shard thing, idk the name) and worked with the team. 
When playing in Open, chances are, unless you're in a popular system (PP capitals, starting system, CG, gold rush, etc) you probably won't see other players very often. There have been a ton of times where I was doing something mindlessly, usually trading, and I didn't even realize I was in Open until some dingus sends a shitty threat to me. 

Most of my encounters have been fine though. The only time I've ever had a major issue was back before 2.3 hit and mission stacking for massacre missions was still a thing. I left the station to a CZ and kept getting interdicted by a wing of 4 Anacondas while in my Python. It was pretty shitty of them, but it's whatever.
They aren't that expensive to purchase, at least, not the Chieftain. 18 million isn't that much, even when you're lower down. Idk about the Dropship.
I would just spit it out, but it's actually a huge plot point throughout seasons 1 and 2. I would recommend the show. The first half of the first season is a little rough around the edges but the second half is stupid good.
Unless that person is Coulson.

Granted, I really, really like Agents of SHIELD, so I'm chill with it.
I've enjoyed all of them :(
I'm honestly reserving my judgement of this game until Beyond is finished.

I felt Horizons took way, way too long compared to the amount of content introduced into the game. I also felt like they needed to work on core game mechanics before the release of Horizons. Still, I purchased it because I enjoyed the game enough.

Beyond brought me back, and there's still ~9 months worth of stuff to come out. They are working on stuff, and while they might not be working on what we want them to work on, and while I will continue to bitch about certain aspects that I don't like, it's hard to ignore the gigantic improvement to engineers that 3.0 has been, as well as finally introducing wing missions, and various other goodies even if some other portions incidentally suffered because of it.

Realistically, if the mission system wasn't such a crap shoot, I have a strong feeling a lot of people's issues with the balance in the game would be assuaged. There are other problems with the game, some that are probably easy to fix and some that are probably not easy to fix, but things are looking up.
It's a pretty poor use. I don't buy camos and I have them in droves sitting on my account waiting to be used. I have, possibly, somewhere around 400 camos just hanging out not including the base credit version or permanent camos. I don't even play that much.
I've thought the same thing. I have backed off from buying a lot of stuff in this game because I could...you know, buy another fucking game for how much they charge.

However, they don't keep the prices up there for shits and giggles. They obviously have people who work this whole thing out to see what price they can get away with. I still feel like they'd make more money by lowering the price, but apparently they feel otherwise.
For sure. 

My first thought when you guys tagged him again was, after the initial "Skins wyd bby no" was that something else had to have been going on. Apparently, there was, so rock on.
I recall after the 2015 season that no one was surprised by him getting the tag because it was the first season he wasn't a turnover machine through the air. Personally, I felt that made sense.

What didn't make sense to me (until now, if this is to be believed) is why he wasn't signed after the 2016 season. While he was solidly middle of the road in efficiency stats, the vast majority of the QBs above him were either _really_ close or already established franchise QBs. That was also after your FO slip ups. Some of his efficiency stats were well above average, and I did watch a decent amount of him, and felt he was the guy, ya know?

The relationship was soured by that point, so I get why he wasn't signed this season and I think Alex Smith is a great QB for you guys. 
I'm not sure about popular, but it's pretty easy to see why the genre as a whole started to wither. 

You look at the landscape of RTS games in the last 5-6 years and it's not very promising. You have SC2 which is still popular, Company of Heroes 2 exists but Sega monetized the fuck out of it and that ruined it for me personally, there hasn't been an Age of Empires game (barring HD remakes) in 13 years, although AOE4 is coming. C&C, while I never played them, it seemed like the developers just tried to make it something it wasn't. Wargame filled a nice niche, but I think Eugen is done with that one for now.

Basically, there aren't enough high profile, high quality, enjoyable RTS games being released in comparison to previous years and the staple franchises were hurt in numerous ways and some less than visible RTS games went by the wayside.

I also have 0 data to back this up, but I feel like the general playerbase for RTS games kind of split between MOBA, TBS, and Grand Strategy. Turn based games have always been popular, MOBAs really kicked up in the last decade up from where they were, and grand strategy, while still kind of niche, has been gaining ground with games that don't look or feel like indie trash.
They aren't, people just don't like microtransactions and extra DLC anymore because developers have started to go the route of abusing (not the best word, IMO) them as a feature. There are plenty of games that don't, but the ones that do stick in people's minds. Not unfairly, of course.
I bought it a long while ago. It's very fun and challenging. I never completed it, but that's because other shiny things presented themselves to me.
This is a nice little perk. Didn't see this coming at all, so hey.
All depends on what happens with the team. A lot of GMs make unpopular moves to start, but it's not like you guys don't have a core to build with. I'm not 100% sure of your defense, but the offense has weapons.
Just so you know, you double posted this, my dude.
I switched to Spotify last year, but that wasn't really because of the service so much as I was just _really_ fucking over using iTunes. Fuck iTunes.

What I miss from AM, however, was the playlists. They were aligned with my tastes far more than Spotify's are. I also had fewer issues actually pulling up music via Apple Music whereas Spotify magically has issues loading up. I would probably switch back if AM got it's own desktop application and if integration with other services outside of Apple's ecosystem was more widely adopted.
There was a ton of backlash on here when he said something to the effect of "God has a plan" when he was talking about his ACL tear. He just seems really nice on top of it and played like a top 3 QB this season.
I legitimately am not ready, and I am terrified for the city should they ever win.
Well he's a fuckin dreamboat, what do you expect?
I hope so too, my man. For a game that tries to tout being an MMO, the social features of the game are pretty trash.
This totally hasn't backfired for Todd Bowles or anything. Nope.
Yea, multicrew is a functionality that was a groundwork feature without much to do. It's an example that I point to when people want more SRVs or just more of something that would just be a bit different. They need to address the mechanics of what you're actually doing.

SRVs makes sense, but they've explained the issue. I think it's fixable, but we'll see. They desperately need to expand the feature set of multicrew, but they need to expand the feature set of everything else beforehand.
The whole "immersion pack" thing is kind of dumb. It's a very limited thing that is a bit overpriced. 

Out of the last three expansions, however, I would say that Cradle of Civilization and Rights of Man were both good additions to the game. They weren't quite at the level of, say, Art of War or El Dorado, but they still added meaningful and enjoyable mechanics to the game both in their patches and through the expansion itself.

That being said, EU4 is basically done. The most they can realistically do is more immersion packs which would be worth it if they were a little less money or if I was like...really fucking into whatever nation they were planning on doing next. Rule Brittania is coming out soon and it addresses Britain's actual problems in the game after they implemented the Parliament (poorly). Realistically, I could see them doing a French or HRE thing after that, but they're getting close to the end.
Not ehhhh, it's been thousands of years. Eratosthenes did that shit like 2200 years ago.
> Cavs in the NBA championship? We're talking about the Browns draft picks. 

Yo.

Someone from Cleveland ate literal horse shit when y'all won. I don't think this applies. Crazy fuckers up there.
They're both the same to me.

They both really fucking suck when it gets hot. 
I feel like the Jets could have or should have matched that. Bummer. I wanted to see him back with the team.
That's fine, it is your money and you do with it as you please. I was just challenging the idea of releasing a complete edition for a game that isn't complete. It'd be a farce. 

When you buy a PDX game you pretty much know what you're getting, and know that you'll have to pay more down the line. It's up to you whether or not to determine if it's worth it. If you don't, no problemo, I 100% understand.
I did not like Terraria one bit, I haven't played Factorio (the graphics are garish to me, doesn't make it bad tho), and KSP was something I enjoyed for a little bit but didn't care for after a while.

I'm pretty sure your point is that these games aren't expensive and provide a lot of replayability. That's fine. Between CK2, EU4, HOI4, Stellaris, and Cities: Skylines, I'm pushing well over 2,000 hours of play time with the lowest being Stellaris at 45 hours. EU4 alone is like 850 hours of that. It's hard for me to be upset with their DLC policy when I get so much out of their games.

I get why people don't want to buy in, that's their prerogative and I can respect that, but the money I sink into Paradox games gives me an imbalanced amount of time back where I'm enjoying the games. 
If it provides me with hundreds of hours of content like most PDX titles do, seems fine by me!
Cities has weak management, but you can do a lot in terms of design. It's the same with Planet Coaster.

Both games, I feel, have done well because of the relative lack of modern counterparts of any quality. Planet Coaster's closest competitors are RCT World (which is a buggy mess) and Parkitect. Cities had the only competition of Sim City 2013 which is either awful or has a bad reputation depending on where you stand, and I guess the Anno series as well (personally felt 2205 got a bad rap).

I personally don't find C:S or PC boring or shallow, but I also just like making stuff. If one wanted actual management, then yea, definitely not the games to go to.
PDX goes up and down with the value of the expansions. The most recent one for EU4 was pretty dope, but they released a few that were kind of meh.
Done?

They haven't even released the final expansion for CK2, a 6 year old game. Can't release a complete edition when they aren't completely finished yet. After they make that decision then it would make sense. They've done it for some of their older games.
I think that's actually part of their point.
California, did mine in 2012, didn't have to parallel park.

I did, however, have to show that I could properly park next to a curb, but it wasn't parallel parking.
The 4 sucked, but the Bayern is great. Mainly because it has unexpectedly great AA so low tier CVs tend to go for it and it'll shred their planes. Otherwise it's a pretty dull boat. 

That's an issue with a lot of lower tiers though, the ships just being boring. 

Personally speaking, I'd go up the USN BB line if the Colorado wasn't so slow. The New Mexico was fun when I played it in various tests, but I don't want to deal with a boat that goes 20 kts or whatever at T7. 
Good for you, man. If you don't have huge ass ships, this game is far more affordable to just do stuff in. 
WG has had hilariously inflated prices for years now because they can get away with it, of course they do stuff like this too.
Because the USN BB line looks boring as fuck to play until you hit the North Carolina. Doesn't matter how good the ships actually are, but the perception of it.
I honestly just forgot they did anything to EM in the first place. It’s been such a long time.
Fair enough. Most people I've heard lamenting about the changes to the skills usually bring up AFT and BFT, and usually leave out EM because EM still works (albeit to a smaller degree), unlike the previous two which just straight up don't.
AFT, not EM.
I personally use ROF in pubs and then put range on during clan battles season. It's more enjoyable in pubs that way and there are far more targets so the 15.whatever range is more workable.
It's still not very ideal. T8 is just a total shit show though, to the point where I rarely even ready up an 8 anymore. There's no point. I know I'm just gonna get dog dicked.
> Good thing there's no silver radar at T7 ;)

Good thing T7s fight Donskois and Baltimores with alarming frequency.
The Sleeping Giant changes are stupid. That middle cap was pretty important both for game flow and map control.
Yea, like he said, isn't doing damage to BBs a good thing?
We'll see about that. They're both going to be 1-year deals, are they not? That doesn't exactly scream future stability.
I don't know who you still have to sign, but as of right now you apparently have $44MM in cap space, Kirk is going to take ~28 of that (depending on structure, I guess) leaving you with, at minimum, $16MM. I don't see how the sky could possibly be falling.
I don't disagree. ~15% to me seems fine for a QB who is franchise caliber and I believe Cousins is, despite the hate out of nowhere for the guy. In your offense, he's gonna destroy.
It was a decision that took me about a year to sit there and be like "Do the Rams being the 'hometown' team make them my #1?" and throughout the season I kept waffling on it despite the vast differences in success between the two teams. 

What solidified it was going to a barbecue with some Rams fans to watch a game. It was the Rams vs Saints game and I had a blast, but when I tried posting some stuff I felt positive in the Panthers vs Jets game, people just shit on me. It just always seems like other Jets fans just always were assholes to me on our sub.

I ain't about that negativity. Being pissed about the team? Sure. Being pissed _at me_ for holding an opinion about the team? Ninja please.
I never really got that feeling. Mainly because the cost of slots aren't all that expensive. I'm not sure how much I've spent on slots, but it's under the value of $15 in plat. Even before I knew about trading, that still said to me "Well, they gotta make money somehow, right?" 

Now that I know about trading, it's basically an afterthought. I could totally see someone getting that feeling though. 
Maybe, maybe not. It wasn't a knock on the Jets, they're my second team, but it's not an unwieldy thought that if he's somewhere else, his attitude might change.
That, and it's not the Jets. A change of scenery could do him some good. 
Absolutely. I think most of us here just want the game to be more fun, and just have different ideas of how to get there. There's nothing wrong with that.

Fly safe, CMDR.
I would disagree, but it seems we both are in agreement that it doesn't really matter.
I doubt that was anything more than platitudes and "Oh shit I fucked up".

Regardless, what I care about is how he plays on the field and how he fits in the locker room.
I believe he posted the tweet, and I quote:

UNCLE JOSH!
Yea, I need to work on that. Jets were my team for the longest time, but the Rams moved back and I'm in LA. There's a whole different experience of being able to be around a lot of fans of the same team and have team hangouts and shit. Something I won't get as a Jets fan in SoCal.

Oddly enough, it was getting into hockey and going to a bunch of Ducks functions that made me realize that. Still, Jets are always going to be my AFC team, I really wish we had dual flair.
The Jets did this exact thing in 2015 and were fine when it came to cap. It really comes down to guarantees. The APY is fine by me if we have an out ala our Revis deal.
It's truly astounding how often WG messes up "Put rocks in water" as a map design philosophy.
That...wasn't my point. My point was that even if the dollar value was high, he wasn't really a detriment to the team, which is what the parent post is implying and the reply I replied to implied about Manning.

What a weird thing to downvote, but aight my dudes.
Part of that is because fewer people are doing it because of the restrictions of the pads at the stations, thus the tier is staying low. Once they get up there they're _somewhat_ worth it. Trade ones can be really easy money and typically offered decent trade missions out of the CG's station.
Eh. He did make a lot of money, but it wasn't that insane. The majority of his years on the Colts his cap hit was under 15% (the supposed "okay" mark apparently). He had three years where he made a ton, 2003, 2008, and 2009. Other than those three years, he was under 15% of the cap.
Nice.
Yup.

A lot of the waiting gets lessened over time because you're building stuff staggered so it becomes less of an issue. When you're a starting player though it's fucking brutal. 3 days for your second frame? Fuck me. 
Word. Well I have a new innuendo to throw out at inappropriate times.
Is this regional, by chance? I've never heard it before, in California.
You could have just said: Source: I have eyes.
I'm ambivalent on this one. We (Jets, can't do dual flair) have needed a stable QB for a long time now, and while I'm higher on Teddy than I have been on any QB we've had in the past, he's still a fairly unknown at this point.

Still, better than signing some 924 year old QB so he an overperform for one year.
I am 100% convinced that a large part of the issue is the length of time it takes to craft shit. That's why I originally quit waaayyyyy long ago before coming back for shits and giggles and loving the game.

That first time you see 72 hours is pretty demoralizing.
That's assuming the bounds would stay the same. When the CG was at Nelder City, I hauled...maybe 4,000 tons of stuff there? 14 million. The missions out of the station were fucking tits though, making like 20 million off of 3-4 missions.

If the rewards in CGs went up, so would activity, which would make it more difficult to attain the highest goal post. 100 million isn't game breaking, I think it's reasonable once you consider the increased activity. You can still make more credits elsewhere.
This is one of those things where the middle of the cup doesn't actually have any liquid in it isn't it?
I don't think that's normal. While the progression system is punishing, it's not so punishing that you can't get out of a Cobra in ~10 hours, much less 400 hours. Even outfitting it isn't that hilariously expensive.
> I'm perfectly happy with the delay. Having none would alter the gameplay dramatically, and for the worse.

How?

It's what the community voted on, so it's what we have and I can respect that, but how would that dramatically alter the gameplay experience for the worse? 
See, what's funny is that I would prefer a wildly different development priority than you do. I'm not saying what you want is wrong or that I wouldn't enjoy it, just that I would prefer they worked on other things.

Trading never will be, and never has to be, a super in-depth thing. The problem with trading is that you can't just string together stations and reliably make a profit. If the economy actually allowed for systems in famine to pay _real_ premiums on food or food supplies, then you could fly there, drop of x tons of food stuffs, see what they have in abundance, and find a system that is in need of that. It doesn't work that way though, at least, not enough. The most profitable thing in the game that is regularly available is imperial slaves.

Then you say "Who doesn't get a thrill when you discover an earth-like?" Well, that person is me. Because exploration is shit too, in my opinion. I don't find it enjoyable to drive on a differently colored rock or find a different color sphere out in the sea of black. It's not different to me than anything else.

The narrative, I think they should continue working on, even though I personally don't have a stake in it. It's too much busy work for me. However, it's very obvious a ton of people really enjoy it and it would be a shame if they stopped working on it.

Beyond's first update, despite the issues, fixed the core gameplay loop for engineers by orders of magnitude. The update did introduce some good features, but the issue is that the players want more because they feel they deserve more. For the feature set that Horizons brought in, I felt almost offended that it took two fucking years to get it done. Hopefully the Q4 update's changes to mining and exploration aren't just glances across the bow, but actual, fundamental changes. If they aren't, then I don't know where this game will be headed.
They really need to do something about how objects create such a drain on FPS. On a fresh server, with max settings, I can run Ark at a stable 120 FPS. A single 2 story building? Cuts it down to 90 basically immediately. A functional, late game base? Fuggetaboutit.
Shit that's what I did. I got a 75% like two days before Christmas, and I got a $50 gift card. Shazam, 4.3k platinum. 

I tend to play the game in breaks, and considering the previous time that happened I bought the 2.1k pack and it lasted me fucking ages, I feel like I'm just set tbh.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Bravo SL
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Alpha 2 FTL
Hey, hey, hey.

It's 2018, not 2015. It's _two_ inches deep.
With how long it's been since people have brought it up, I just have to believe there's something else behind the scenes other than "They shouldn't be able to make money". There has to be some spaghetti code or some other bullshit that they have to untangle.
That second part I can agree with. I don't know if Dak is the future of the Cowboys franchise and he's going to have to show more than he did last season if that is to be the case. Middle of the road is not good enough to be a franchise QB.
Chemistry with Winston.
You know, I'll correct it so that it's more obvious. I didn't even think of that.
I'd say give it a try, honestly. I know we're going to be actually gathering the relevant information and checks for missions so people can have an easier time of it.
I've never disliked uPlay, but the only issue I've ever had was the servers for Anno 2070 going down during the release of, I think, For Honor. It's been smooth sailing otherwise.

But, of course you're not the only one. Look at the sub you're on. This is just pandering.
Tannenbaum tends to do shit like this.
That's just hyperbole. No one is saying he was still lighting it up, but he was pretty much middle of the road throughout the season. There was no single statistic where he was bottom 5, and he _definitely_ looked it for a few games there. 

And no shit losing your ridiculous offensive line and primary weapon is going to hurt your production? Dak isn't Tom Brady or Drew Brees.
Not really. He was just fairly middle of the road after a very good rookie season. He had some bad games and regressed while the entire offense got worse. QBs that actually sucked this last season would be Petty, Glennon, and Kizer. 
> He still had one of the best lines in football. 

Not this last year he didn't. The Cowboys offensive line was nowhere near the form they were the previous season.
Even if he's talking about the correct division, the description still fits.
I'm not sure what you mean. WG completely and utterly destroyed clan wars in 2015. The only positive thing that happened was that it was opened up to more people at the detriment of completely removing all other incentive to actually play clan wars due to the mechanics they put in place.

I very much so enjoyed clan wars in WoT but WG just continuously, viciously, and aggressively fucked it in the ass.
Fuckin Loomis, man.
What a strange clause. Was was the purpose of the clause?
World of Tanks, my friend. They messed it up 5 years in a row. It was actually notable when they got it _right_ once.
WG has almost never properly prepared for DST in clan functions.
Slater is also the only gunner I actually, actively know of.
Won in '03, Lost in '06, lost in '13, lost in '15. 

The only other time they've even faced each other in the playoffs that I can seem to find is in '04, but it was Divisional. Patriots won that one, obviously.
I'm pretty sure most owners are in charge.
The only thing I can really say is that if we're going to have two totally separate elements, then having a 148 would be very useful. I could then use the 152 to talk to Alpha team (or in the case of a full mission, CO and Bravo), the 148 to talk to the FTs, and then the 343 for my direct team. 

95% of the issue came from the people, not the mission, however.
:|
Role: ASL/CO

Good: Mission itself, format was fine.

Bad: Scavenging felt out of place. Typically in a scavenging mission we're typically under geared to start and have to avoid contact to reach certain points. This felt like it would have been better off with just static loadouts. It was particularly difficult to get coordination down.

Ugly: Coordination was a disaster. I didn't try very hard in the beginning, but then I gave it a good ol college effort but...got total disorder still. I eventually gave up and kind of just gave very general orders, that I still had to repeat several times to get people to do. I got pretty infrequent responses for the most part, which made any coordination I attempted to do very difficult. 

Improvements to be made: I'd make the decision as to what kind of mission you really want, it just felt kind of weird. I don't know.
Usually a game is a Windows 10 exclusive because of DX12 support, not because of DRM. That's not anti-consumer, that's just technology continuing forth.
Outfitting in ships.

While each ship tends to have a pretty particular role, most of them can be tooled for whatever. Even combat builds can be pure alpha damage, or sustained thermal, or just kinetic the whole time and they're all viable. 

I'm hoping that, over time, when they introduce more things to actually do, they'll continue to make more things to put on our ships to make them all unique. 
We'll see. This is the same company that introduced wings in 2015 and didn't put in wing-related content until 2018.
Yup!

It's just called "Hey Alex, call my device."
Role: Arty Lead

Good: Big shooty. 

Bad: Not a whole lot to do, but I expected that.

Ugly: Baker deciding that they really, really wanted to get dumped on by my guns. Able asked for a fire mission, I fired sky bullets, Baker walked into sky bullets. NOT MY FAULT.

Also, [tfw your bone malfunctions](https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/931555487017301486/1C0C21A73265EC832E7523F5FA3ACE3DEAF45D29/) :(
> unless it ends up being a genuinely unfinished feature

...we're playing the same game, right?

It'll 100% be an unfinished feature.
Did you mean five minutes or am I missing something?
Same. I'd _prefer_ last season's alternates as our new third, but I doubt that's happening since Henry was saying he wants to include more orange in the new jerseys that we're supposedly getting soon.
There are IFTTT applets that can help you with this, but that does unfortunately require some kind of smart home device I believe. It would be better to be a stock functionality for sure.
Depending on league rules, taking a QB in the first is usually a bad idea. WR though...totally different story.
That ends up being a problem with the game as a whole. There's a decent amount of content that could be added with the current systems in right now. This is especially true of combat. 

Virtually everything else, however, needs to have more mechanics before there can be more ships or modules or what have you introduced into the game. I'm looking forward to the exploration and mining overhauls to see what they actually add to the game.
My only concern about getting new SRVs now is not having something to actually _do_ with them. A simple combat or simple cargo one are functional to a point already, but anything beyond a modified Scarab would do...what, exactly?
True enough. 

It's a shame, but I get why they removed the skimmer missions and I think that literally everyone should understand why they removed the mining missions. Both ended up being oversights from the beta where people were mostly focus on the engineers, C&P, and the Chieftain.
It will. You learn to live with it. 
It's one of those things where the combination of most people not knowing where to go and what you're doing is monotonous. 

I was able to finish up the Fed rank grind over the course of a weekend and make somewhere in the realm of 500 million. This was prior to 3.0 hitting, I would imagine it's faster now.

I'm okay with data delivery missions being the general vehicle for rank improvement. They don't pay well, they pull you from the rest of the game, but it doesn't actually take that long to rank up. I'm not sure how materials are looking from them these days, but I would imagine they're doing alright too.
On the desktop site, right hand side, underneath your name there is a small menu and one option is "edit flair".
I thought you were calling me a soda for a second. Being sick is dumb.
I have mined built and engineered for spending really long times in a place, so it's jump range is still poop.

The handling is ridiculous though. You know that really, really fat chick who posts her dances on Youtube and she fucking kills it? It's like that.
That was the '14 Ravens lol
I don't even feel that the issue is only that the grind is long, it's that you're just doing the same shit over and over again.

There have been suggestions, with various levels of realistic implementation, that would do wonders for the game but FDev either won't or can't put them in the game. 

Now, I don't fault them entirely for not acting on those suggestions since they are typically posited on the assumption that they'd work on the software level and that it wouldn't throw game balance out the window.

Them improving the engineer grind has been wonderful, and I certainly hope it's the first step in a better game, but they still have a ways to go.
I would rather rank just have a multiplier to dictate the difficulty (or range or cargo hold or whatever) and payout. 
> By the same token, shouldn't the White House be blaming violent movies and TV programs as well?

FWIW, in the original...speech or correspondence or whatever, Trump actually did bring up violence in movies and TV as well. I have no idea if they plan on following up on that, much like I don't think anything will really come of this for video games.
Fisher had final say on roster IIRC.
The jump range is always going to suck but it gets decently quick with DDs. It’s not a Cutter or anything, but it works well enough for straight line speed.
Yea good one
Horizons is the season pass, FYI. 

I believe FDev wants to do things in seasons, and we're just lucky enough that Beyond (the current "season") is free. Although I imagine they did that because of them wanting to focus on a lot of the base game stuff as well as Horizons content.
The Python is a good ship. It's actually...a little too good, in terms of utility. Now, I'm typically a trader, so I get bothered by there being a ton of missions in the game that can legitimately only be completed in a Python.

It's not a case of the Python needing a nerf rather than other ships around it needing to be more capable. Such as the Type 7 getting a low rider kit.
The noises in cockpit view for the Corvette are hugely disappointing. I'll have to go putz around with putting the camera behind it to hear it.
I was soooo terrified something was going to go wrong the first time I'd done it. I had flown back most times so I could do some homework during the supercruise portions, but I finished so I blew up and it was hilarious.

Forgot to restock missiles :(
Happens to the best of us, my man.
And so their suffering shall continue.
I believe the word used is subconcussive hits. They still produce the same results without actually having a concussion. I might be missing what you're trying to say, however.
Ah, I didn't do Robigo. I've only really done two of them, Quince and Voly. Neither were particularly engaging activities, but you made a ton of money, rank, and now materials.
Seems like the most boring shit provides the most money. I didn't _enjoy_ Volyboom, I just enjoyed what I got out of it.
Seems that way about the grind.
The whole sub did. It was wonderful. I thought I was crazy pre-3.0 with how little the awful state of the mission system was brought up. Then Volyboom happens and it’s like I’ve found my people.
I would type out a long, $10 answer but I’m on mobile so I hope my $2 answer will suffice. It usually seems to come down to what the community as a whole thinks. Seems like every game has some kind of “grind” these days but it’s that weird spot where grind means both actually grinding something out and doing something over and over again until your eyeballs fall out of your head.
40 LY range. We can jump 70 LY but can’t ask if Steve from Data R Us is in today at 41 LY. It’s fucking dumb.

Supposedly it’s longer now but I haven’t checked since Inara is significantly faster and less buggy.
I think there’s a fair bit of distinction between grind and progression.
They already changed scan missions after Quince. Chances are they’re staying. It used to be that all instances on the same planet would spawn inside of each other so you’d have 20 bases on top of each other. 

Also the mining missions giving more of the item that you mined as he reward is pretty clearly a bug and not about nerfing credit income potential. 

This place can be so melodramatic. 
I absolutely adore the spy theory, both the one where she was one and the one where the Japanese thought she was. 

Gib
Dope as fuck?
It's more that there are so many half-assed features in the game that I would rather they trash their plans post-Beyond and just actually get down to fixing some of the dumb shit in the game. 
wtf
> multicrew is one instance where they threw lore/realism out the window for the sake of fun.

They should try that with the rest of the game, then.
I guess we'll all just not "get hung up" on it taking months to do shit, then.
Looking forward to the soup throwing.
Personally, I was actually disappointed because there wasn't enough of Michael. I loved his character, understood his motivations, but he didn't really get to his apex until well past halfway through the movie. 

I don't think any superhero movie is going to be Best Picture quality, it's just the medium. I love the movies, but they're very formulaic, especially the Marvel movies.
I am ALL Kesler on this blessed day
Personally, I'm not sure what all the hype was about. I like basically every Marvel movie that's been put out, Black Panther included, but everyone was acting like it was a masterpiece and it just...felt like a normal Marvel movie to me.
I've only done a little bit of Powerplay, but I believe each tick or cycle is actually a week long. Every Wednesday the Discord I'm on just goes fucking berserk with people finishing up objectives for that week's PP. I'm not sure if there is anything else that is updated via ticks throughout the cycle such as merits being turned in or opposition strength etc etc. I just go and do what the objectives are, I let other people worry about the math of it all :P

I like all of your ideas, and I've had a lot of similar ones (other than economy, I'd like that to be instant and persistent), it's just a matter of something looking good on paper might not look good in practice. That, and, you know, none of this stuff has been publicly tested and so on and so forth.
Fair point.

The other poster talking about outposts and whatnot is why I did bring up the currently empty systems, but if they're actually empty, and outposts aren't a thing, or expansion into new systems isn't a thing, then you are correct, there wouldn't be a need for that.
Hey, thanks bro, I'll book mark it and hit it up later.
I don't think they're done, I just don't think that they can implement a system that has every system on a different clock. That's...what, millions...billions of systems? Like holy shit that's a ton.

Also the BGS is something sensitive, if one thing falls out of whack, I would imagine the entire thing would fall apart like dominoes. 

I want them to change it, to improve it, but it's not the only thing nor is it close to the easiest thing (I would imagine) to fix.
They disabled mining missions because there was an actual bug that was a legitimate problem. If you mined 18 units of Osmium, the reward was 32 units of Osmium, that's...pretty clearly not something that should be happening. You mentioned that in "unintended rewards", but that felt loaded to me and I'm not sure people actually know why they were removed.

Either way, missions do influence the BGS, it's just that it is minimal, you can't easily see the progress, but the biggest one is that the AI in the galaxy are accomplishing the tasks of the BGS. Hence the BG part. I'd love to have players have more agency in influencing what's going on and having the systems acquire and leave states at a non-static point in time.
As in, build the content and features around a regular framework of what to expect within the galaxy in terms of economic boom and bust, and other various states the systems can go into, which means you don't do the same thing in the same system over and over and over again. I'm pretty sure they want you to move around the galaxy, or at the very least, the bubble.

The two caveats to the BGS is that the players can't really influence it too much and that the economies are fairly on rails. Where it works is that the players don't have to depend on other players bringing systems that are in total disarray out of them. 

The only other thing I could see them doing would be implementing some kind of crisis system that is more or less the same thing as the CGs but on a wider scale with more limited rewards. That's not to say that rewards for the CGs are really ever worth it anyway.
I wasn't around when that was a thing, but I have a feeling it would be less of an issue if the missions themselves weren't trash ass and/or if the missions offered were tailored around your rank rather than just offering whatever they felt like offering.
I would imagine as a baseline to work off of it.

Regardless of its issues in terms of gameplay, the BGS is rather impressive. The entire galaxy is basically running itself and that is no small task to be able to have that work out while normally not really having any major problems occur.

I'm not sure when the server tick has a system change state, but I assume it's at a singular point in time every day. A _minor_ fix that they could make is showing the actual state in some numerical form that you can contribute to. Such as is a famine system needed 200,000t of food or something, but that'd be a Band-Aid solution.

Basically, in my opinion, if we're not going to have more influence over the galaxy then we should have more content. If we aren't going to have more content, we should have more influence. 
Oh, I had a ton, but the materials trader and the increased storage basically made that disappear. I just still hate acquiring data other than MEF.
I like all 3 games, so I can pick and choose what I like to do :)

In regards to engineers though, I feel you. It's one of those things where the whole system has a bit of a drag to it because there are like 30 of them or so, but there isn't really 30 totally unique things to do in the game. Some of the things you can do also wouldn't work for engineers, maybe, like bringing stolen goods and whatnot.

Still, the entire system as a whole is _generally_ fine right now. Such a massive upgrade in terms of usability. 
Word, thanks my dude. It will probably also help me understand the C&P system a little more to get a little illegall-y up in this bitch.
A huge part of the issue with cargo missions, especially ones where you're just directly transporting commodities from point A to point B, is that the BGS simply isn't robust enough to account for our actions in real-time.

Being a trader in terms of mechanics is almost never going to change. It's not a difficult concept, and it never has been whether we're talking about Elite Dangerous or Euro Truck Simulator or whatever else is out there. The point is to fill up the hold to drop off the goods at a place. What would make it more interesting is if supply and demand actually fucking meant something, but it doesn't.

Commodities are just randomly refreshed, even those not involved in the station's economy. Like, it makes sense for a refinery station to refill on ore, but not on food and water. Famine systems aren't actually really special other than they have those distribution centers, but you personally don't make a dent in the famine, it'll just go away over time because that's what the BGS does. It's just an illusion for us to feel like the galaxy is alive, but we don't actually impact it much outside of Powerplay.


Basically, if they want to redo missions, they probably have to also redo the entire way that BGS is handled and that's just not happening because they are not going to put the time, finances, or effort into that task.
It's not very good, personally. It's also a fucking slog just to drive the SRV around in. I only found a few G4 mats the few times I've been there.
Honestly, most of the engineers will be unlocked from just playing the game and trying the various things you can do. The only thing I'm still bothered by with engineers are those you have to unlock by bringing rare commodities to.
Damn, I should get into piracy.

Is there a guide out there that I could hop on? I've never actually tried piracy before. I don't care _too_ much about the profits of it, just seems fun and I wasn't ware the commodities gave that much.
Well that's just a matter of preference.
You're...you're already dead, bud.
Not necessarily during Fermi. The only real issue with Fermi cards is that they ran hot, or at least, the 400 series did. I don't recall that being a common problem with the 500 series. 

Either way, that was early/late 2010. Costs weren't too different even compared to today. In mid-2011 I built my first desktop (mid-range, i5 2400, 6850, 8GB DDR3) and it was around $1100, although that had to include peripherals and whatnot.
Their cards/drivers haven't been bad since at least the 5000 series, although I will admit that I did have some minor issues with Catalyst back in 2011-2012. None of those issues impacted gameplay at all, however.

I had two 6850s and I really liked them for the time. 
https://i.imgur.com/0Uo2Os9.gifv
That is quite unfortunate. Prior to Voly, I used Sothis/Ceos as my money grind. Took a Python with 280t of cargo space, took some missions from Sothis Mining to whatever station is in Ceos, usually around 10 million a run. Could do 6-7 an hour depending on how on point and attentive I was.

Haven't been back since 3.0 hit, but it might be worth checking out if you're hard up for credits and don't have a capable ship.
I've pretty regularly seen the massacre missions considered one of the "exploits". It wasn't nearly as profitable, in my experience, compared to Quince, Rhea, or Voly.
Shit, man, I didn't even hit Volyboom that hard and still made 1.5 billion.
I'll take one Canada winter, please.
Jimmy G looked great, he did not look elite. He might with a proper supporting cast, and even more so if the Niners just in general fix holes on their team.

He's their guy, I don't think there's doubt, but elite is a word tossed around a lot in these parts.

EDIT: Y'all are wild lmao
Other than them knowing (fucking hopefully, at least) that something needs to be done, I imagine they want usage data to "balance" it, but we all know it's still not going to be worth it.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Alpha SL.
IGN: HaroldSax

SLOT: Artillery Lead
The fuck else are people going to talk about right now? Combine is over, FA/new league year is like a week or whatever away...ain't shit going on.
Probably because it was our first good season in several years.
If this makes it in, I'll post pictures of my cat.

Also FDev pls
I said it in another thread, but while doing the missions all I could think was "This is way too easy, for way too much money, way too quickly, with no real barrier to access". That's why I am okay with it. It was clear that it was an outlier and not really intended to be done in the matter in which it was. I don't think it was necessarily an exploit in the traditional sense or anything.

I am not, however, okay with the general state of the economics in the game. I absolutely partook in the missions myself because, naturally, I don't want to be broke. I will respect the intent of the developers in terms of pacing when the developers respect my time. At the moment, they don't.

Huge money mounds like this or 17 Draconis or Quince wouldn't be anywhere near as big of a deal if credits weren't such a pain in the ass to acquire early/mid game.
Carrier updates is one of the biggest reasons I won't move to Android. Everyone has their thing that they value the most, right? It's ridiculous to me that phones can have an OS out there, ready to use, and not have it several months later.
>I could hope to make in an hour is maybe from a single massacre mission earning 10 million credits. However, from taking trade missions, data delivery missions, assassination missions, and even wing missions, my average yield is maybe closer 5 million credits per hour.

...how?

I use my Cutter for doing trade missions too and while I feel the payouts are still too low, 5 million is aggressively low. 

I don't have any fancy formula or anything, I just have a few systems that I can fly into with allied factions and just do missions there, and find those systems that are in boom. I don't have much of an issue making 20-30 million an hour.

During the Nelder City CG I was making around 50 million an hour primarily because I could two runs of missions (to a few systems) but I'd always have one that paid out like 9 million on top of the other missions offering 1.5-2 million or so. Only had to do two hauls a day to stay in the top 10% of the CG, so I just took missions out of there in the mean time.

I don't know if this matters at all, but my trade rank is Tycoon. 


-----

Editing this in, so sorry if you don't see it, but I completely agree that rank should matter more.

Part of the problem with missions right now is that they're inconsistent. If you have 5 factions offering about 10 missions each, you'll probably be willing to take 3 or 4, probably fewer if you're actually tooled out for something in specific such as trade running or bounty hunting. 

I don't agree with rebuy cost, but with ranks it's more simple. There is progression within them, and you do the things related to them to increase the rank. Makes sense. What doesn't make sense is that my Cutter piloted by a Tycoon trader gets offered the same missions as a Penniless Type 7. I would much rather have a minimum and maximum income bound. These bounds could still be influenced by system state, economy of the system, population etc etc, but have one of the conditions be the rank you have. Even if it just ends up as a multiplier for the missions available, that'd be an improvement. Right now ranks are basically just bragging rights when they could actually be useful.
That would require a pretty massive overhaul to the economy that does (or does not, depending on your view) exist. I'd be all for it, but I have a feeling that whatever semblance of balance currently exists would be shocked pretty hard. 

Particularly focusing on trade, I'd _love_ it to be more dependent on the station and system states, but isn't the state tied to a clock cycle, more or less? So before even touching economic values of commodities, both for credits or materials, they'd have to completely and totally rework the BGS. I'm of the opinion that they have to do that at some point anyway if they ever want Powerplay to progress anywhere, but it's a matter of how they can do it. I don't really mean mechanically, just, how the actual background part will be done.
It's a small trade off. The best ways to actively scan wakes are in non-combat related areas such as stations, nav beacons, and distribution centers in famine systems. You aren't really going to be in danger from removing a chaff launcher or point defense in those situations.

Either way, I will accept that if you have to equip something on your ship, you should get more for it. My problem with data is that there is not a way guarantee you'll get something from a scan. It's uncommon to not get anything from a wake scan, and it's uncommon to not get anything from a data point scan, but it happens. 

Materials without the RNG factor are still, even after 3.0, a pretty significant grind. The whole system is moving towards a reasonable level of time investment to reward, but it's still ludicrous.
How is that random? You talked about why people won't stay in Open, but board flipping isn't the only reason. It's all connected to the economy, dude. Players make shit money, so they board flip, or if they aren't board flipping they stay in Solo (and some folks in PG) so they don't get triple dog dicked by a ship that is stronger than theirs.
Even if you did that, you were still making ~70 million credits or so a run, at least, I was.
I never said you did, just having conversation for the sake of it, my dude.
There are other barriers to Open that will prevent some people from playing there, namely being bad, not having money (HMMMM!?), and then there's probably a very small amount of players with disabilities that prevent them from doing things in a timely fashion.

Otherwise though, I have to imagine that they haven't overhauled the mission system entirely because it has to either be a gargantuan task or they simply can't come up with something better at the moment. I wouldn't be surprised if they'd tried stuff that just totally fell apart in any kind of closed testing.
>If you aren't out of shape and super unathletic

Exactly.
His first season back with the Jets was great. He played pretty well. Second season was a mixture of injuries and him just regressing combined with a _gigantic_ regression in safety play.
I wish the entire mission grind didn't require board flipping or mission stacking.
I don't disagree, but even while doing the missions the only thing I could think to myself was "This is way too easy for way too much money, there's no way this is staying." I get why people are frustrated, and I absolutely did these missions as well, but I'm about 0% surprised they did this.
In the case of the skimmers and, really, the entire money grind in general, it's because they don't want to work with the community.

A common thing that I hear developers (Not FDev, to be clear) say is that when players/users complain about something, their suggestions usually aren't the right way to go about things. Either because they are supposed on things that don't exist, they are still the problem that they are trying to fix, or they won't do a damn thing. That's not to say a community can't come up with proper suggestions or that they can't be implemented, and it also doesn't take into account that some developers are just stubborn as fuck. What I have also heard from these developers is that when these people complain, then you take time to look at the root cause of the problem and fix _that_.

In this case it's the mission system being just dreadful, and FDev only just recently took a small step to fix that root problem with the multiple reward options. Payouts are all over the damn place, materials are RNG, and the time committed to certain things doesn't really equal the payout for it. Prior to 3.0, I was doing the Fed rep grind out in Sothis/Ceos, making _about_ 50-70 million an hour. Taking a ton of data delivery missions and a couple trade missions that had high payouts. It's not crazy lucrative, but it's safe, simple, and reliable. It's also completely dependent upon the situation that's available out there compared to most other places.

So I won't say how to fix it, because I can have suggestions up the wazoo, but I have no idea how realistic they are. What I can say, and I feel with authority just as any player can, is what is wrong with the mission system.

* Payouts either suck or are amazing. There's rarely middle ground.
* Combat, trade, and exploration rank mean close to diddly squat.
* The time investment for certain missions is bad, particularly higher paying massacre missions. Non-winged 120 kill missions for 4 million credits is ridiculous, for example.
* There is almost no tie in to Powerplay (which is a whole other bag of fucked up half features) outside of BGS.

Some of those aren't easy fixes. Adjusting the payouts to the time required is probably the easiest in terms of what to do, but I'm not sure about the how. Doing anything related to Powerplay is just...there is so much they need to do with that system.
Unfortunate, but glad I was able to partake while it was available. I already had the big 3 from doing other stuff so now it's just financial freedom to whatever I please now.

Gonna be pretty weak to go back to the materials grind though, although I did get fairly well set up there too. Oh well.
I don't think it's necessarily game breaking, but it's clearly not what they intended when they allowed skimmers to respawn. 

The two problems are that the mission system in general has a horrible set up for determining payouts and that, currently, the entire game is based basically around how much money you have first and then everything else second.
I’m more pissed about the materials to be honest. I already got my money for ships before, that was just a bonus. The mats though...oh my god the mats.
It’s buying one scanner. Please, “special equipment”. 

Even still, the difference is absolutely ridiculous. When I scan ships I get something maybe 1/6 ships. 
I'm not sure I would say significantly less profitable, but it doesn't make it so easy where you can just go back and forth without a care in the world. Taking a little more time isn't going to hurt the bottom line too hard when you're able to rake in ~120 million credits a run.
I had better luck. I scanned probably about 50 the other day and got DWE at a _decent_ rate, but I'm already pretty much past having to do stuff with FSDs, thank heavens.
There is one possible, actual bug with these missions. Namely the ship that always spawns underneath the ground. I've only had one ship actually be above the ground.
It's still working right now. I imagine they'd post an update if they changed it.
It's been mixed for me. Sometimes ships do nothing, sometimes they shoot a bit but I can ignore it. 

I have, however, had an Anaconda spawn there and it presented a legitimate threat to me and I had to leave.

Personally, I'd be fine with them having ships periodically come in or have the one on the ground be _on_ the ground, not in it.
For raw mats I go to eddb.io and in the bodies section put a metal-rich planet, look for a particular G5 raw mat (usually Tellurium), and filter by highest percentage and do that. It takes time but I usually get quite a quite a bit of G3-5 raw mats and, of course, the smattering of G1-2. 

It's not necessarily farming, but you _will_ get rocks to shoot, and they _will_ drop materials. 

I believe they also increased the materials drop from normal mining in rings as well, but I haven't actually attempted that because I enjoy doing stuff in the SRV. 
Yea, I've been getting them lately, but I'd like to have something besides doing missions.
I wouldn't mind it if data wasn't such a pain in the ass to get in comparison to raw or manufactured. Raw is just dead easy to get, but takes some time, and still has _some_ RNG has to what you get, but you still get something at the very least. Same with manufactured, bounty hunting will always yield manufactured goods, even if they aren't exactly what you're looking for.

Data? Completely dependent on whether or not the scan has the RNG to actually give you something. While it's somewhat uncommon, wake scanning can sometimes give you nothing and that doesn't make sense to me. I'd be fine if each scan was a guaranteed G1, that's at least _something_.  Scanning ships has a hilariously low rate of actually giving you something, and this might have been a bug, but scanning data points have also yielded nothing in the past.

When it comes to manufactured and raw goods, I'm absolutely set bro. It's not hard to get them, it just takes time. Data has more constraints on it, is less numerous in general, _and_ has a lower chance of actually being rewarded to you.
Rock on, I'll e-mail you if I have any hiccups in setting it up :)
The only question I actually have is whether or not the app will recognize any keybind changes made?
Well, this is cool as fuck so naturally I bought it. I can't wait to get it configured and try it out later!

EDIT: This is amazing, and after I figured out that it can't use my HOTAS buttons (yet) it became much more intuitive. Definitely worth the $3.
Did...you take a screenshot on your phone of a screenshot of the game? 

Either way, enjoy the ship. It's expensive as fuck to outfit and it basically needs to be engineered to be worth anything, but she's a good space boat. The biggest thing is that it can actually freaking turn.
There are legitimate issues with the open/solo instancing and how it hurts the game in the long run, _particularly_ in the social and MMO aspects of the game. There's little reason in the game, mechanically, to really play in Open beyond wanting the extra thrill or intentionally engaging in PVP. The new wing missions are a start, but the rewards don't match the time investment even compared to solo missions.

The previous poster's experience is not one of those problems. Look, if someone doesn't want to do PVP, they don't have to. That's an upside of having solo. It's not "autistic screeching" because you don't like the way other people play. They put their experience which put them off from playing in Open and with the amount of these complaints that come through, both here and the official forums, it's not just some git gud thing. A Diamondback will lose to a Corvette 100/100 times on an even playing field.

Fact of the matter is, there is no safe place for small, incomplete, or poorly outfitted ships to hang out in Open. There is no place for beginning pilots. The new C&P system is too new to see what kinds of effects it'll actually have. People don't play in Open because they don't want to get interdicted by a ship that is orders of magnitude stronger than their ship with no recourse, and that's _before_ engineering. Where these pilots are safe to enjoy the game is in solo and if it really fucks you off so bad that people don't want to just get dog dicked because it gets someone else off, then that's your problem.

Elite Dangerous is not some hyper-competitive esports game and people need to stop acting like it is or will be.
Role: FSG-1 Gunner.

Good: Milan...sort of. Enjoyable banter. Decent amount of action. JAVELIN!

Bad: Me missing T-55s.

Ugly: The Milan. In the first few engagements, it worked as intended. However, when we were posted across the river, I attempted to hit a T-55. I missed, nbd. Just reload, rearm, and remove them from the map. Problem was that every subsequent rocket would fire out, immediately veer up and to the left, go behind us, and land right behind us enough to damage the vic. It was kind of dumb.

Personal Highlight: After the T-55 had shot our first vic like...8 god damn times I said "Man, I'm surprised this vehicle hasn't blown up yet" and not 5 seconds later the thing blew up and killed Starvolt. It was just...the best possible timing for that one.
I'm pretty sure a Corvette could drop a Diamondback before the FSD even finished charging to high wake. 
Yea, totally their fault that their ship will literally never win an even fight between it and a Corvette. 
True, it did, and the difference between Dove Enigma and general stuff is that one of them is a tribute to someone who is an actual, physical human being going through a tumultuous time and that was supposed to be a nice gesture that they decided to try and ruin.

I felt they just showed that when the community wants something done though, it gets done.
Because that won't get as many people posting about it online.
People do what they feel they can do with the tools they have at hand to try and accomplish whatever they feel they need to. They, apparently, think that UA bombing will draw attention when it just seems to be a minor annoyance to the players instead.
Yea, that's why I put them in quotes. They're an exploit in the literal sense because you're exploiting the legal game mechanics in such a way to heavily benefit you...but they are legal. It's like when people complained about the Quince scan missions like it was some moral high ground that they aren't making as much money. Like, good for you bro, I'm going to go fly around in my really dope ships now.
I'm at Expert as well, and I don't think I've gained any. I'll have to keep my eye on it.
They won't do anything. Any time any credit "exploit" has been found, nothing has happened to the people who did them.
Odd, I'm not gaining any combat rank. I don't mind though.
Ah, word. I didn't think about it on a per material basis. Good looking out.
You also can't wing up while in multicrew, because reasons.
Depends on the mission payout. Some of them are millions less. Once you're allied though, you can be pretty choosey with the missions. I won't take anything below 4.5 million unless it's offering 3+ MEF. Still make about 90 million or so a run that way.
Sometimes. 

I've had a Python there a few times firing, I think, missiles at me. I can basically just ignore it though and if I need to I can back up to about 2.5km and let the shields recharge.
Some of the less incredible ones tend to go through cycles. Sothis/Ceos is one of them, IIRC. It's not _amazing_ or anything, but I was getting a solid 30-50 million an hour running the trade and data missions.
I mean, they have anarchy systems still basically specifically so you can do shit like this, right? There are pirates and shit out there.