No it doesn't. Did you just start following basketball or some shit?  Covington has hit plenty of clutch shots all year and his defense has been consistent start to finish. 

>Klay would be ideal.

No fucking shit.  Klay is one of the NBAs best two way players.  He's better than Paul George.  He's a literal superstar.  Are you seriously comparing Klay to Covington?  Wtf?
He is. What are you watching?  He's been active on D disrupting possessions and driving away players from shooting 3s.  
He's only the sports personality I truly love.  He's fun, smart, and is cocky at the right times and humble at the right times.
They're still *planning* on making a run?  

They should already be at his door on their hands and knees with a blank check and mouths wide open. 
Unfortunately, as good as Ersan and Marco have been offensively at times, defensively, they are minuses.  

We do need to look into playing Anderson more and maybe even give TLC a run.  
The only better players than Cov for what he does defensively are guys like Paul George.  

Cov's an elite D player.  Probably 1st or 2nd all team NBA.
The NBA stats site doesn't have those figures combined, but in the regular season, he was slightly better with contested shots.  And looking at the two figures independently, it probably more than likely that shooting early in the shot clock with a contested shot is fine.  

The numbers:  (Feet are closest defender.)

* 0-2 feet.  He didn't attempt much.  Averages out to less than 0.1 attempts per game.

* 2-4 feet - 38.3%

* 4-6 feet - 38.5%

* 6 +  feet - 37.7%

Cov has a quick release.  It doesn't really matter where the defender is.   He's just an average 3pt shooter.  He will miss and make in bunches.  For every 3 shots he makes, he will miss 6 or 7.  You just have to adjust your expectation and understand the math works out in the end generally because 3pts are better than 2pts.
Wtf are you taking about? 

He's shooting at the rim at 40% and 32% from three.  His percentages aren't great, (they're fine) but his shot selection is.

From 3 feet to below the 3 point line, he's only attempted 1 shot.  He shouldn't be attempting any midrange shots.  So I don't the see the point of why you cited the 0%'s there.  It's zero because of practically zero attempts!!!


That's outdated old school thinking. Shooting early tends to be easier in getting good looks.  If Cov has a shot, he needs to take it; end of story.

He shot 40% during the regular from 3 with 22-24 seconds in the shot clock.  37% with 18-22 seconds left.   All this compared to 33% with 7-4 seconds left and 25% with less time left.  
>* 16-3pts he's .000

This should be 16 < 3.

Also, I don't know what your point is with that.  Covington is only shooting 3s or going to the RIM.  That's great.  
Lion 2
This is almost definitely fake
What's with the wolf?
The system actually benefits Tripper and Davies more since it protects them if they go forward.  The LCB and RCB would effectively be covering them with the two CMs taking up the space between the LCB and the SW and SW and the RCB effectively giving us a back 5 when dealing with a counter attack. 

Walker and Rose make everything better since their pace makes them better attackers forcing opposing defenses to stay back allowing our center mids to go further.  That made us very hard to play against.

But even then, the back 3 should still allow us defensive stability and possession.  Currently, with the back 4, Trippier and Davies have very little protection when they go forward.  Today, we had Dembele covering Davies which just opened space in the middle.
We should have lost tonight. Jan is doing amazing things, but our defense is really poor at the moment.  

I know it won't happen, but we really need to bring Toby back in and shift to a back 3.  Especially if we're going to play Trippier and Davies, we need that extra defender.

I mean at times in the first half, we had Dembele shifting to LCB to protect Davies.  It's madness.
What launcher are you using?
Absolutely. For 200, it's a good deal.  If you're in the US, I would recommend taking it to a ubreakifix store to replace the battery assuming the phone you're buying is used and showing signs of degradition.  
>Those who control our finances seem to be.

No, I think they see this as an opportunity to make a profit.  We'd be selling a player in his prime, maybe for 70m and replacing him with a younger cheaper player.  After all, considering we still have Sanchez and Dier, we don't necessarily need the best CB in the world in order to stay at a similarly competitive level.  To compete for a title on the other hand.....

>And yes, every player would have every reason to ask for top money for the role they fill if Toby got it.

No, Toby would be getting top money because he's the best in the world.  Only a few others, Kane and Eriksen mainly would be able to demand that.  Mousa Sissoko isn't going to be able to demand more money.  Neither would Harry Winks, Trippier, or Ben Davies among others.

Only the players that are knowingly taking less than market value would be able to ask for more. That's only a few players of that ilk on the roster.  Certainly not everyone.   
Im not convinced we couldn't afford it.

The club recently had record profits. The board decided we're healthy enough to give Levy a massive bonus.  Spurs are the club with lowest turnover in the Prem.  And it wouldnt be "everyone," only just a few players.  
2.6m is the difference in what Toby wants in wages vs what we are offering him.  

In a normal scenario, it makes total sense to sell Toby and sign a younger guy on cheaper wages.  

But it fails to take into the account the opportunity we have. Spurs have a much better squad and manager combination than we deserve.  A team like ours shouldn't be in the top 4 ahead of clubs like Chelsea and Arsenal.   

The stars have aligned at Tottenham and I would hope that we go all in at this moment and time; give wage increases to our stars and make a real run at greatness.
Do you Trust the Process™?
what's the local take on things like gentrification?
If it unlocks more power, isn't there a catch?  Like why wouldn't the original firmware be as fast and powerful as possible?  
Why is it better?  I have trouble believing that custom firmware can do a better job than what Asus provides. Logically, there must be a catch, no?

And quite frankly, the last thing I want to see hack things and go through that set-up.  The reason I went with the Airport Exteme is because it's a simple plug and play.  No fuss.  
What's Merlin?
Agree on Hakeem and Malone. The rest though, even AI aren't players I would consider are the types that could take a bad team like a 7th or 8th seed to beat a 1 or 2 seed in the first round.  
The Airport Exteme was the first router I even bought that was solid and didn't require weekly restarts.   

What the alternative now?
Does he have any player development experience?  What's his system?

Those are important questions if Memphis is really going to tank for the next couple of seasons.  Like the Sixers, important to have a coach that can establish a system and maybe even develop a few young guys to make for a better and faster rebuild when the hopefully elite players come through.

The last thing you want to do is have a Byron Scott type ruining young talent like DeAngelo Russell.  
You may want to read the post first before you say dumb shit next time. 
Since it's a measure of efficiency, going over a 100% is fine in my opinion.  *Player X is sooo efficient, he's effectively shooting over 100%*
Only Michael Jordan and LeBron James are capable of winning playoff series by themselves.  

T-Mac was wrong to call out Giannis for that, but T-Mac has absolutely taken over games.  It's unfortunate he didn't manage his team choices better and that's why you can blame him for not winning a playoff series.  Had he stayed in Orlando, he and Dwight would have been a force. 

Unfortunately, he went to Houston where he and Yao could never stay healthy.
Bo Outlaw rocked the glasses thing though
What the fuck!?!?
What's fortnight?
So, he has questionable accuracy, bad decision making....and he sent out racist and antisemetic tweets in HS.  

And the Bills traded up to get him. Peak Bills.
I'm not judging him.  I just don't share the optimisim that many here have.  
Verticality?  I don't think so
You could not be more wrong.  She's the only one that says anything that's actually insightful.  Chris Webber is only other good one, except he gets way too fellaciate about particular players at times.   
I'll be fine if we get Kevin Harlan/Chris Webber.  Mike Breen/Doris/Chauncey would be good too.  
That's an awful opinion.  Doris is the best one on ESPN.  
The devil is charming.  That's Scott O'Neil.  
Draftexpress had a video up recently pointing out holes in his defense.

I dunno about this kid.  I'm not sure he has the verticality to be a rim protector in the NBA.
Evan Turner (+ some small contracts) for Hassan Whiteside.  Who says no?
Ettore deserves a better situation for his first job.  Working with Kupchak/Jordan and Dwight.  That's rough. 
Would you fire Luke and make a run for Bud?
Absolutely.  He's one the best coaches in the NBA.  Hell, if I were in charge of Minnesota or OKC, I would quickly fire Thibs/Donovan and hire him.  

To be honest, I'd fire those guys anyways.
I would love to see him go to OKC and take Westbrook to a new level. 
Main reason is that Xiaomi doesn't an official presence in many countries outside India and China and a few others. I think there are several possibilities why:

1. IP and Patents.  Part of the reason Xiaomi keeps prices low is because they essentially copy a lot of things from other companies.  They don't need to invest much in R&D.  But China protects them from lawsuits.  If they tried to officially sell phones in the US, Apple and other companies would immediately bombard them with lawsuits for their patent theft.  

2. It's expensive to operate in new countries.  Selling to a new market always brings on additional upfront expenses.  More lawyer fees, marketing fees, staff fees.  For a company that operates on thin margins, they have to feel very very confident about a new market to justify the initial expense.

3. I don't think they have a strong brand outside India and China.  Would the average American or European buyer want a Xiaomi phone?  It's a difficult name to even pronounce.  These markets probably don't have enough enthusiast buyers to even be profitable.  China and India are exceptions because of the their sheer size.  


It depends on how that company is making its margins, big or small.  If a company is making sacrifices to sell phones cheap and retain a profit, then perhaps those sacrifices aren't worth it.

On the other hand, a company like Apple might make more in margins, but I also know because of that, they're investing more money into their products and as an end user, I pay more, but I'm also getting more in terms of features and support.  
It's very easy to get emotional about wins and losses and apply emotional reasons to it.  I have a lot of experience in this arena (I work in Media) and the harsh truth is most of that is media training.  Narratives matter in this business and putting down a result to emotional responses is better than actually saying the reason we lost is because our number 9 was out of form and couldn't find the back of the net.  Or that our midfielder lost the ball in the dangerous area which lead to the opposition's goal.  

Football has emotion.  I'm not denying that.  Obviously running around 90 minutes is mentally exhausting.  But practically, the idea that motivation plays a notable factor doesn't usually ever hold up with a result.  These aren't Sunday league matches.  They're professional matches where the pressure is there every day.  
The way people mention curses like the "wembley curse" makes me think they are actually being  literal. Some dude in this thread tried to argue that there was psychological legitimacy to it.  Fans believe stupid shit because it's easier for them to reduce all the things that happen on a football pitch to one sentence truisms as opposed to looking at the game as whole and admiring the complexity and sometimes random variables involved.

At this level, I don't think motivation is a problem.  There's may be effects on confidence or overconfidence on the part of players/managers when it comes to certain games.  But at this level, the idea that professional football players (at 99.99999% of them) aren't motivated for a 90 minute match seems absurd and more like those football fan truisms I mentioned earlier.  It's just lazy analysis.  
You honestly think the players at Man United, the Ronaldo's, Cantona's, and Keane's needed more motivation?  Fergie was one of the best because he was great at finding the right players and was really great at being truly pragmatic tactically.  

Reducing him to a football Tony Robbins is just stupid fan speak.  
Oh, I get your point.  What you fail to realize is how stupid and wrong it is.  

>Yet they weren't motivated enough to execute their game plan

No, that's not what happened.  Bradford scored a lucky goal in the opening minutes that completely threw Arsenals gameplan out the window.   There's no gameplan or motivation or etc that accounts for a goal to be scored of a double deflection and a missed sitter in front of goal. 

I don't think you properly understand football.  To distill down important moments of a football match to shit like motivation is a sorry excuse for intelligent thinking.  It's a emotional response borne of laziness and apathy.  
I just watched the extended highlights.  

Was it motivation that caused the ball to deflect to Gerry Thompson for Bradford's goal at the beginning of the game?  A goal that then allowed them to sit back and pack the box.  No, it wasn't motivation. That goal was absolutely luck.  It deflected off two heads and came right to his foot.  

Gervinho gloriously whiffed on a sitter after a brilliant bunch of passes for Arsenal. Was that because he wasn't motivated?  No, it's because Gervinho sucks at finishing and always misses chances in games whether they be cup ties, world cup games, or pre-season friendlies.

Those were some of the reasons including others (mistake prone, missed shots).  Those were the reasons Arsenal lost.  This game btw was when Arsenal were 7 years without a trophy and Wenger had started to receive stick for saying 4th place was like a trophy.   Arsenal were motivated. 

To say otherwise and call it mentality is intellectually vapid.  Bradford got a lucky goal and Arsenal struggled.  That's football.  Mentality had nothing to do with it.


Arsenal were motivated enough to keep most of their usual players. (Only three changes according to Wikipedia)  To say Bradford won because of their opponents werent motivated and lost the one time when their opponents were motivated is the epitome of stupid shit fans say.  It's lazy and intellectually hollow.  
That's just bullshit players and managers say as part of their media training.  Only simpletons actually believe that shit.  

Yes.  Have you?
I didn't follow the league cup back then, so I can't say for sure.  But I'm willing to bet the reasons we talked about earlier applied.  Perhaps, they took their chances while their opponents didn't. Perhaps their opponents made mistakes they didn't. Perhaps they had better solutions to some of these games that their opponents didn't.

I do see that they lost the final 5-0 to Swansea?  Is your assertion that Bradford was sooo motivated to reach the cup final, but not motivated enough to win it?
>Motivation is a factor in focus and discipline. You seem to want to isolate the concept as a black-and-white kind of thing.

No, it's not.  Focus and discipline are very different things to motivation.  Some people just don't have the ability to stay as mentally focused as others.   It's like saying people that suffer from ADD just lack motivation.  It's medically incorrect.

I'm not trying to isolate it as black and white.  I'm applying it within the **CONTEXT!!** of a 90 minute football match of professional football players.

>You can compare footballers to students. You can compare presidents to cheerleaders.

No you cannot.  

Your life experiences don't relate to those of professional footballers.   Writing term papers isn't remotely comparable to professional footballers preparing for a cup match.  Saying otherwise is meglomanical. 
This has nothing to do with collective memory.  Collective memory is about shared information and the learning that comes from it.  It's not about negatively or positivly affecting performance.  

There's is nothing remotely accurate about your psychological arguments.  You're completely bullshitting.   

Again, I'll ask you:  Can you find me a psychological study where an individuals performance has been affected by events they weren't involved in?
>It's absolutely the case that psychology and mentality are a massive part of achieving peak performance in any task, not just professional sport. That's why any serious team spends large amounts of money on experts in this field. 

Sure, psychology is real.  What's not real or rather likely is the idea that individuals in 2018 are affected in any meaningful way by results that happened when they weren't even involved.

Can you find me a psychological study where an individuals performance has been affected by events they weren't involved in?

>It's also obviously true that a history of failure in any given situation will affect how a group of individuals approach that situation in the future.

No, that's fucking stupid. 

>Spurs have repeatedly failed at this particular moment in this cup competition, despite handily beating those very same teams in the league.

Wow, that's an incredibly lazy and ridiculous analysis.  You don't think perhaps the reason United won this matchup is because Mourinho made tactical adjustments to the loss he suffered a few weeks earlier?  

He switched from the midfield 2 to a midfield 3 for example based on what happened in the league game.  You are ignoring that and other things and instead saying that Spurs lost this game because of some psychopsomatic reaction to this being labeled a cup semi-final game instead of a league game.

For fucks sake.

>why don't Spurs always lose to those teams?

They don't always win those matches either.  We lost to United early in the season. And before the Poch era, we almost always lost to top 4 teams.  
This is kinda what I mean about fans unable to separate their emotions.  Mate, I'm talking about football and you're citing fucking Netflix!!!!!   Are you honestly trying to distill your own experiences with that of professional footballers?   Is writing that term paper in any way comparable to running around a football pitch?  For fucks sake.

Neverheless,  we're not talking about writing papers or becoming presidents.  We're talking about 90 mins in a professional football match. And no, within that context especially, motivation isn't a factor.  

I also think you're confusing motivation with other things like focus, discipline, or intelligence.

These particular group of people are as motivated as one can get. Their success or failure is primarily based on many many other things.
I do use Inbox, but I recommend Inbox like behavior for Gmail users because I'm not confident Inbox will remain long term. 
Yet, people talk about things like the "Wembley curse" or this team hasn't won X consecutive semi finals, etc etc
Sure, go look at the results and generally you'll find that results are by in large still based on form, ability, coaching and other footballing things.  

Man City just hammered Swansea 5-0.  Were Swansea not motivated or maybe....just maybe, maybe Man City are just better in every single way???


I completely disagree.  I mean, are you literally trying to say there are degrees to motivation now?  

Just think on that for a second and you should eventually see how absurd that sounds.  Motivated is motivated.  Do you honestly think one team is 90% motivated and another is 97% motivated?  C'mon, that's ridiculous.  That's not how humans operate.

Physical ability affects football matches.
Technical ability affects football matches
Tactics affect football matches.
Mistakes affect football matches.
Luck and chance affect matches.
Referee decisions affect matches.

Motivation does not because at this level, they are all motivated.  Its only a thing fans say because they allow their own irrational emotions to cloud their basic human logic.  
The easiest answer is the simplest one....lose weight and get stronger.

I had a similar bodytype at your age.  For me, it started with just losing weight by focusing on diet.  And then I started incorporating weight lifting and cardio into my lifestyle. 

Eventually, once you get to the point where you are eating properly and getting regular amounts of exercise, you be able to do many things including push-ups.
These are professional football players.  The idea that 99.99999% of them aren't motivated seems illogical and absurd.  Do you honestly believe any of them have gotten to this level without being able to motivate themselves?  Not to mention, the high level of competition for these players to keep their places and the money that's on the line as a result.  

As far as why upsets happen? That's just football.  All sports involve a bit of luck and chance. Teams can get lucky off a counterattack.  Maybe a player just happens to strike a ball well enough and score a wondergoal.  Or perhaps the opposing team had a better tactical plan.  Maybe the favorite team didn't plan accordingly or just made too many mistakes.  

There are many reasons why a result can go one way or another.  The idea that its down to phantom mental reasons are nothing more than fans being unable to separate themselves and instead trying to find explanation by projecting their emotions onto the players or manager.  
It's very rarely if ever the case teams lose games because they didn't want it enough or the opposition wanted it more.  
The EPL is fine.  NBC does a really really good job.  It's Fox with the champions league that's a problem.  
I don't know why you were being downvoted.  You're absolutely right.  "Wanting it more" is up there with dumb sport cliches like "character" or "being cursed."   

Fwiw, On the latter part about curses, Barney Ronay did an excellent takedown of that sort of talk on the latest Guardian Football Weekly Podcast.  I recommend everyone give it a listen around the 23 minute mark where he goes on an absolutely savage rant about it.   
Instead of seeing a long endless list of emails you're done with, you'll just see emails that still have some relavance to the present.  Like for example, let's say I get a shipment notification.  I will have read it, but it stays in my inbox until my item arrives and then I archive it since I'm finished with it.

In a real world example, imagine if you just kept opened letters on top of your desk.  By archiving, you're essentially putting them into a box out of view.  The only letters that stay on tour desk are things like bills or etc that you still have to deal with. 
I used to want this, but really guys, archiving is better.  Just archive all your mail as you check it.  
No, that's not how it works.  Those particular YouTubers are big enough that companies really can't have an influence.  

If anything, the risk of being exposed outweighs any potential benefit.
They feel nice.  Aluminum is probably better, but it makes wireless charging undoable.  
Thoughts and prayers
>Toby is 29, going into a WC year, and spent the better part of the last two seasons injured. In what world is he worth the 180k/wk - 5yr contract he is seeking? Is he worth more than what he is making? Yes, which is why Levy offered him an improved 130k/wk + incentives contract. That's not pushing the reset button, that's just good business.

Players get injured.  That's football.  Toby is still quality.   He's still the best.  And while we have this core of players and manager, we shouldn't be trying to do "good business".  We should be trying to maximize this opportunity instead of looking to set transfer sale records.  

>Yes, Pogba is a talent, but Dembele of two years ago doesn't lose the ball in that area in that way. He is 31, with bad feet, and has admitted to being in constant pain. I'm not sure how old you are, but I can speak from experience, 30 is a weird age where things that never hurt, magically start to hurt, especially if you've been involved in high-intensity physical activities your whole life. You find areas of your body you didn't know existed. 

You're being incredulous.  Just because Dembele isn't pristine doesn't mean we can afford to throw him away.  And yes, two years ago, he would have been dispossessed the same.  He's not perfect.  IIRC, he was actually held off by Raheem Sterling in a game against Liverpool.   But he's the best we have at doing the things he does.  Mousa Dembele's don't grow on trees.  He may not be the picture of health, but he's also played the full 90 many many times this season.  He still has something left.

Again, we are not a deep squad nor have the financial muscle to just replace world class players.  If you think Foyth will replace Toby, you're being delusional.  Sanchez has been good, but he still has long to go before he can get to Toby's level.  

Again, Poch has already talked about the next manager.  He won't be here forever.  And at some point in the near future, clubs like Madrid will come calling for Kane and Eriksen among others. 

The new stadium will be nice and give us some financial security.  But we will never have the muscle of United, City, and Chelsea.  Liverpool and Arsenal will still have bigger brands than us.  

For a club like us, the hope is that at some point along the journey, the stars will align.  And over the past two years, they did.  Last season, we had a world class 11 from top to bottom.  And that's gone now.  
My response isn't fatalistic.  I wish it was, but the writing is on the wall.  I understand the desire to be optimistic, but there is fine line where that sort of thinking becomes delusional.  

We don't have a deep squad.  So just because we still have 6 or 7 of our best 11 players isn't really much of a positive.  

We lost Walker this season and it's absolutely hurt us.  Sure Dembele and Toby haven't been tbe perfect pictures of health recently, but they've still been world class.  Dembele has actually looked much healthier this season.  Pogba is one of the best players in the world.  There's nothing shocking about seeing him muscled off by someone of Pogba's stature and physical ability.

While our defense has been good this season, it's no where near the solidness and #1 ranking it was last year when Walker, Rose, and Toby were playing key roles in it.

If Levy was actually going to open the pocketbook, it would literally only cost us an extra 2.6m in wages per year to keep Toby.   It would have been a similar amount to keep Walker.  Instead we are going to sell Toby for record profits like we did Walker and reinvest that into a younger, cheaper, and less proven player with the model that one day he will be sold for profit later on.  

Our squad isn't getting better next season.  Losing our best players and replacing with them with younger and cheaper types isn't going to take us to a new level.   

We'll have to wait until the next group comes to together to overachieve the way this one has.  Who knows how long that will take?
I'm not frustrated over just losing the man United game.  I'm frustrated because our squad has regressed from last season a little and it looks to be getting worse this summer once we sell Toby, Rose, and Dembele.   The loss to United was the last chance for this group to really achieve something.  

We had a great two years.  We were actually in a title chase.   And now, we've decided to sell our best players for record profits instead of paying them a couple extra million in wages.  Poch has talked about the next manager in vague terms.  

We peaked last season and the current run with this core squad is over.  It will be another couple of years at least before we get fortunate to play as well as we have over the last two years.

The future, the immediate future, isn't as bright for us.  
I have. I'm not saying his because of the United  game.  This been building for a while, ever since it became clear that Toby was being frozen out.  
Is that not what's happening?  Last year we saw one of the best squads this club has ever assembled.  A year later, it's being torn apart with key players sold for record profits and replaced with younger cheaper replacements.  
>We could pay off most of the stadium debt overnight with player sales and still compete for top 6. 

Is competiting for top 6 the extent of our ambition?  We had a team that was competiting for a title.  Why aren't we investing in those players and chasing that ambition?  
Aurier, Lucas, and Sanchez are young.  Buying them with the possibility of selling them later for profit on is absolutely part of the plan.  
Paella sucks

I understand the blind optimism that some fans have, but at some point, the rest of you lot have to start looking at whats happening and be as fucking miserable and stressed as I am.  We're losing our best players because of whats really no more than a couple million extra pounds in salary.  

Losing Walker was not okay.  It hurt us (and helped our rivals).  Losing Toby will not be okay.  Losing Dembele will not be okay.  Losing Rose will not be okay.   

Poch has already talked about the next manager.  The writing is on the wall.  We've lost our window at a title with this group and it will be many years before we get another opportunity as good as the one we've just had.  
I don't see how you can look at the players leaving and see that.  
We're breaking up the team that has completely overachieved for us.  A team with our financial resources shouldnt be competing for a title, but we were and we're choosing to let go of it's key pieces.   All the tea leaves are there.  

We have made progress until this season.  This season, we've regressed.  Anything could happen, but the chances of replacing Toby, Rose, and Dembele with better replacements are slim.  Poch is already talking about whoever comes after.   

>When we lost Bale and completely wasted the money, then sacked AVB - everyone again thought "this is it, we've hit our peak" - but shit, it wasn't. Absolutely no one here can stand up and say they predicted us to be this good 3 seasons ago. That's exactly my point.

I disagree with this.  Losing Bale was inevitable and I don't think anyone thought we were at our peak.  We were performing to our level.  We are/were a top 6 team competing for a top 4 spot and that didn't change before or after Bale.  It sucked losing Bale, but that was normal. 

The key difference is that now we have/had a combination of manager/squad that's has us massively overachieving. 
I approve of this math
Wages were the primary reason Walker left.  This core deserved to see that wage budget increased.  

I get your point and understand set backs.  But this is a different kind of set back that makes it worse.  The future isn't bright for us at the moment.  We're about to lose the best CB in the prem, the best LB in the prem, and our incredibly unique and rare midfield engine.  

And it's all because the club has chosen to take the easy and prudent financial approach instead of investing in the opportunity we had.  We're cashing in on our best players in their prime instead of paying them.  And this time, we at least had the option to not do that!!

The harsh truth is that we peaked last season and it will be a number of years before we get that good again.  And there's no guarantee we ever will. 
There's a big difference between the disappointments of yesteryear and this one.  

Those were losses we had little control over.  There was no way we could have stopped Bale and Modric leaving since it was Real fucking Madrid!   We didn't really have the quality of true top 4 team when Chelsea stole our spot.  Those were gut wrenching defeats, but defeats that made sense.

This doesn't feel like that.  This loss is self inflicted.  We ruined our team ourselves.  We didn't have to sell Walker, but we did.  We could have played the best CB in the league, but we didn't.  Last year, we had one of the best teams we've ever seen at Spurs and our inability to be ambitious at this critical time has seen our team weakeaned. 
> Rose/Toby/Dembele are only moving on for £ due to age.

That's so beyond optimistic is basically delusion. 

Those players (and Walker) were some of the biggest reasons we've played so well the past 3 years and were within shouting distance of a title.   

Sure, age may play a small part, but make no mistake; the money is the reason all those players have left or are in the process of leaving.  And that's a shame.  Because honestly, Poch isn't going to be here forever and we are being financially prudent during the one time where we should be more ambitious.  
>whatever reason Poch doesn't trust it right now.

I don't think it's trust more than Poch and Levy have decided to freeze out Toby.
Good post.  Would be nice to have this every week.  
Speaking words aren't going to make us better.

What we need to do is keep our best players.  Selling Walker and now selling Toby and Rose for what are mostly just contract issues is our biggest problem.  
Did anyone get a phantom injury last season?  The Sixers didn't tank. If you say that second part of the season was a tank, then fine, call it 3.5 years, but that's pushing it.

Again, we didn't reap any rewards from losing last season.  We had a pick swap with the Kings.  That was our pick last draft.  
How much would you guys want for J-Rich?
No, losing on purpose is tanking.  We weren't losing on purpose.   We even traded for Ersan early in the season and signed (bad) veterans.  
Some of those guys have come around.  Barkley especially.  
Who are they?
3 seasons of tanking.  The 4th year (least year) wasn't tanking.  Ben and Joel just got hurt.  We were in playoff contention mid way through the season.  Our pick was actually from the Kings; which we traded to the Celtics to move up.  
That's not at all true.  The Sixers under Doug Collins and with Iggy made the playoffs a couple of times and even got to the semis against the Celtics.

More importantly though, nothing from period pre Hinkie has contributed much to where the Sixers are right now.   Because of the Bynum trade, the Sixers had to start from what was essentially scrap when Hinkie was hired.  
I love Poch, but leaving out Toby was a bad move.  In an important game, we must play out best players.  We should have gone to a 3 ATB and played the best football we're capable of.  

It's absolutely stupid to allow next season to influence today.  We must retain our top 4 position or else, this season will go down as a failure.  
Really disapointing he left Toby out after his midweek performance.  

It makes absolutely no sense to allow next year's plans to influence this year's team, especially in an important game. 

To go with the same backline that was destroyed by City is a very questionable move.  I would have preferred him to switch to a 3 ATB. 
Nerds
He cited Bill Russell in the interview and how after appearing at MLKs "I have a dream Speech," Russell was abused by people and even saw his home in Boston vandalized.  

I'm not a fan of his Hinkie bashing, but good on Silver protecting the ability of our players and coaches to make positive impacts on society.
Reading what you wrote, I still don't see why they need the tablet part of it.  Sound like they just need Chromebooks or if they're rich enough, MacBooks.  

You mentioned taking pictures as a reason they need an iPad, but why? I don't recall needing to take pictures as a kid, but even if they did, don't they have phones?  I don't see any reason they need an iPad honestly, let alone a 2n1.  
The problem is you can't do both.  Optimising a UI for Touch means it will suck to use with a mouse.  Optimising for pointer means it will suck for touch.   
You say that like it’s a bad thing......
The 3 and 2 is basically the same position nowadays.
No, I said it's no wonder you're being delusional and stupid when you're a T_D poster.   It's not about politics, it about you are your subs douchey character.  All across reddit, find someone being a douchebag, good chance they're T_D users.

It's a simple solution man, so being a douche.  You'll be a better person for it. 
Better late than never
I've watched maybe 2 pelicans games all season.  Was Jrue good on D this year?  Should he be on the All-NBA Defense discussion. 
Experience? 

If you actually worked live TV, you'd know how fallible that kind of environment is. When you have seconds to make decisions, mistakes happen.   The producer was just as shocked as the rest of us and made a difficult call.  If you think they go into these situations with clear hearts and minds, you clearly have no experience.
It's not about politics.  It's about you being a douche.    Don't do that.  
No wonder you're a The_Donald poster.  Where else would we find people with such delusions and stupidity.
Not surprising
It's honestly only nerds who want to save money that think merging a touch based OS and pointer based OS isn't just a bad idea, but something they'd actually want. 

In practice, we saw this fail with Windows 8.  User interfaces need to be optimized for the way in which uses interact with it.  There's no practical way to do that with a pointer UI and touch UI.  Both are diamterically opposed.  The best you get (like with Windows 8/10) are two separate interaction methods glued together with all sorts of problems and inefficiencies.

Even with the Surface, most people really use it as a laptop and rarely as a tablet.   Barely any people are running tablet apps on that thing, let alone detaching it from it's keyboard.    


>If you forgot to clear it last time, you have to go into a group and scroll to the very bottom which might contain notifications from 20 hours ago. It’s dumb to scroll through a notification from 20 hours ago to get to the next group which has a notification 5 minutes ago.

What?


Just go hold it and you'll see.
I don't like the fabric.  Just looks out of place and not seem less enough.
I don't think that's true, especially when you take into account the performances over the past 2 years.  
Just one device.  I think the Pixelbook is much better looking than anything else.
... which is considerably lighter!  Also, on phones like the S8+ or even the Nexus 6 I used to own, the weight is more spread out evenly so doesn't feel as heavy as it is.  

The Razer phone is a fucking brick.  
Lol, I'm pretty well built.   Heavy is heavy man.  Go hold it. Microsoft stores have it. You'll understand.  Just because I'm strong doesn't  mean holding it isn't uncomfortable. 

And no, I don't follow the circle jerk here when it comes to things like battery size. 
You guys are completely missing the point.  The point is that this information isn't important to anyone, especially us. 

The only real value to driving data is probably Google building self driving cars.

Therefore Toyota isn't protecting it's consumers. They are protecting themselves.  
You're being hysterical. 
Not every neighborhood has a dog park.  And personally I think you're being over the top.  It doesn't bother me when owners play fetch with their pups in the park.  
How do you play fetch if the dog is wearing a leash?

I don't have a dog, but I see people in my neighborhood park doing it all the time, and I don't see any problem with it.  
Holy slippery slope Batman!!!!
It's not really so much the thickness, but just the weight that bothers me.  I'm fairly strong, but even my hands started hurting after a few minutes.
I'm pretty sure money was a deciding factor in Walkers case as well.  
I would recommend people pass on it. As great as the screen is, the camera is bad the phone itself is too thick and heavy.  It had many mixed reviews as well.  Just wait until the refresh rate becomes more mainstream.
Dude, are you like a crazy person?  What are you even rambling about? 

We're talking about CAR DATA!  
>I like how you say your PII is not for sale, then turn 180 degrees and use the classic "i have nothing to hide" fallacy with car data. You failed.

Wtf are you talking about?  When did I say "I have nothing to hide?"

>The car data *does* help Google create a more accurate profile of your identity. State actors **love** this sort of *information*. 

That's absolute tinfoil hat bullshit.
It's a fake ad
>It's extremely important — unless you don't care about someone other than Google creating a clear view of who you are, with the intent to use this data against you.

From car data?!?!?!   Lol, c'mon man

And I actually have plenty of things to hide.  But car data isn't one of them. Cool, Google knows how slow my Toyota is.  Whoopty fucking do.
A night with your mom
Ban this
He does provide a good foil for KOC though.  I could never listen to him if it was just him, but KOC is the star of that show and Vernon gets the most out of him.  Also, he's really the only guy on the Ringer staff to say something different.  
You're being way overdramatic. Dude, it's car data.  It's unimportant unless you're maybe building a competiting vehicle.
As an Android user, I'm really nervous about the rumors about the gesture navigation.  I don't want that shit.  I'm happy with the 3 buttons we currently have.   
Historically, it's really been a difference of hardware.  PC manufacturers were awful at competiting with Apple hardware.

It's gotten better now as Microsoft has started making it's own things.  The Surface Laptop is really great, but Windows 10 has some issues with it's UI that it needs to work itself through. (Issues caused by their attempt at a tablet pivot)
We're not on the same page.  My argument is that Toyota is making this decision for it's best interest, not it consumers.  

I don't really care about your Facebook vs Google thing. The only difference between them is that Google guards our data better and has a reliable history of doing so.  If Facebook didn't have these privacy fuckups, I would not see a difference between FB and Google, but the thing is that Facebook has had repeated fuckups and Google hasn't. 
Couple of reasons.  First, you probably won't have a compatible phone.  

And if you did, Second, Sprints system doesn't really allow people to just plug in and switch Sims between phones without going through a lot of hassle.  If you did go with Sprint, you'll probably have to buy a whole prepaid phone.  

Third, they're just a mess of a company.  I use them now, but it's not easy dealing with them at times.  

Btw, check my edit in case you missed it.  
I'm actually not thinking of Facebook.   My focus is on Google and Toyota.  But to your issue, Google and Facebook are not remotely the same.

With regards to Facebook, the major difference is that Facebook has issues guarding our data from third parties.   Google doesn't have that problem.  You can't buy data or view data as a third party from Google.  All of the data that Google has stays with Google.  
I don't think so.  Most Xfinity wifi spots suck.  They're basically the routers people have in their homes, broadcasting a second signal for public use, but if you're not inside their house, you're going to have a tough time getting a good enough signal.  

It's occasionally decent inside a Starbucks or some other public restaurant space, but that's the best of it.  For two months, it's going to be a needless hassle.  

You're better off looking into a prepaid plan.  I'm not too sure what the latest best rates are, but start looking at MVNOs like Cricket Wireless and Straight Talk as well as the prepaid plans from the main carriers AT&T, T-Mo, and Verizon.  Avoid Sprint.
 
Edit: are you British by any chance?  I remember a family friend moved here from England, but he was able to get some plan from the UK that allowed him to use data in the states for a relatively small fee.  
Where's the clear harm exactly?  What's wrong with targeted advertising, if that's even what Google wants to do?

Also, calling Google an "ad company" isn't accurate or fair.   They're obviously much more than that.  
And that's awful because.....
I don't want to hear tinfoil hat concern-troll arguments.  I want you to explain why having that specific data is valuble to me.  The answer is that it's not valuble to customers at all.  

To be clear, according to the article, Google only gathers car data to help with navigation.  If they are gathering other information, it probably has to do with self driving research.  

Like I said, Toyota isn't protecting us, they are protecting themselves.   
Actually, you're wrong. Read the article next time.  The "privacy" stuff is from 2015!!!!

Google isn't abusing anyone's data.  This is about Toyota scared of Google.  It took them until just now to install Carplay because of the same competitive concerns. 
We're talking specifically about car data.  Be specific about what that's bad for Google to have it.  

I don't think they want it either.  Like I said, I think this is Toyota claiming customer protection when it's really themselves they want to protect from Google's self driving ambitions. 
>The same can be done with your tire's air pressure.

Explain
He's sorta right, but the most successful offenses tend to be those that have the ability to make big plays and throw the ball downfield.   Even if you're not throwing the ball 60 yards downfield, the defense has to respect that, which opens up space making it easier to complete short to medium passes. 
Why would I care?  How am I being remotely harmed?  

Like I said, I don't think Google even cares about knowing that data from a customer perspective.  If anything, I think they would use that data in their self driving research; which is probably why Toyota doesn't want to give it to them. 
I doubt it has anything to do with privacy.  After all, why would it matter if someone else knew our car data?  Google knows my tire pressure?!?  So what?

This is more about Toyota not wanting to give Google more data about driving since Google could be competition against them with their self driving initiative.  
Sure, but it wasn't so much abandoned as much as there just wasn't any consumer interest in it.  
Those are relatively minor differences in the scheme of things.  If Google TV was selling, Google probably would have made the same changes, but still called it Google TV.   Problem is Google TV wasn't selling and TV studios especially hated it because of how Google initially tried to get their content on it.  
Google TV and Android TV are basically the same thing.  Google changed the brand name hoping to get some marketing buzz.
I think the next evolution for Chromecast is merging Android TV into it.   Call it Chromecast TV.  The public will see it as a high end chromecast, when it's really just a better Android TV.    That might actually lead to people using it.
Toby was fantastic.  I hope Poch just makes the best football decision and starts him in the Cup, ideally in a back 3.
I disagree.  I haven't seen much from KWP to make me think he's good enough for us to play consistently.  He just seems tentative, at least at the moment.  I think a loan would do him a lot of good.  

I'm not happy with the FB situation either.  It was a mistake selling Walker.  
>But if we do that then everyone else will demand the same after most of them just signed new contracts

I don't think that's really much of a problem.  The contracts will have to be improved regardless.  Paying a few million more per year shouldn't be a problem.  And it's just a few million.  Wages aren't as big an expense as say buying a player in the transfer window.  Again, our turnover is lowest in the league.  Thats not good.

What it comes down is a change in strategy with a recognition of the opportunity we have with this group.  For the most part, Levy's strategy has been to sell players are their prime and replace them with younger and cheaper ones; then restarting the cycle. 

Normally the idea of cashing in on Toby and then buying a young player like De ligt for 50m would make sense as is selling Rose and buying Sessegnon for probably 40m.  It would make the club money and keep the wages low.   But that doesn't take into account how lucky we are to have a manager like Poch and world class players like Kane and Eriksen.  

I believe given this window of players and manager, we should keep our players, give them the raises to keep them here and go for a title.

>all new signings would be the same and that would only be fair but we don't have that ability

We're already not signing the best players because of our wage policy.   

>We have a stadium to pay for and that will make you cautious and if we win the FA Cup then this will be a great season mostly without him and in Wembley 

I don't see us winning the FA cup without Toby.  As far as the stadium goes, again, giving Toby a few extra million plus maybe 2 or 3 other players shouldn't have much an effect.   

Keep in mind, if Toby is sold, Spurs will probably spend tens of millions on a young replacement.  So, this isn't a question of financial health.  It's a question of strategy.  


Sanchez is very good, but as we saw Sunday and most of this season, his positioning and passing still has much to improve.  I like him, but he was atrocious against City and that's not good enough for our ambitions.

As far as things for financially, the Club is doing well enough to have record profits and give the chairman a 6m bonus last year.  The difference in between what the Club is offering Toby and what he's asking for comes to around 2.5m pounds.  

I understand we're not City or United, but we're not poor either.  We have the [we have the lowest turnover ratio in the premier league.](https://twitter.com/SwissRamble/status/983251450347311104?s=09). I'm confident giving our top players an extra couple million isn't going to destroy us.   


It depends on what you're looking at. We'll still be a good team, very much competiting in the Top 4.

But if the ambition is to win a title (as it should be), then it's really bad we're losing great players.  It was bad enough losing Walker last year.  It looks like Rose and Toby will leave this year.  

Sanchez may become a great CB in a few years time, but at that point it might be too late.  Poch isn't going to stay with us forever.  At some point, Madrid and Barcelona will come calling for Kane and Eriksen among others.  

Our chances at real greatness and success are growing smaller and smaller.  Personally, I feel we might have already missed our chance at a title.  

Toby staying would allow us to go back to 3 at the back, which allowed us to play some of the best football we've ever seen at Spurs and a top 2 finish last season.   
He's reportedly been offered 130/week, but has asked for 180/week which is market value for him.  That's a relatively meager (from the clubs perspective) distance of 2.6m.  

I don't think it's a question of him wanting to stay, it's more a question of how strict Levy wants to be with the wage bill.  Obviously, if Toby gets paid his market value, other players who are underpaid (like Kane and Eriksen, etc) will ask for market value deals as well.  

I'm not convinced we couldn't afford it.  But I do think Levy looks at the situation, see's Sanchez playing well and thinks that Spurs can stay at a similar level without paying Toby and the rest of our stars their market wages.  Personally, that's not an attitude I'm happy with.  
Oh, I thought he was just calling his Google Voice texts as SMS.  I didn't realize Sprint allowed him to send Carrier SMS through Hangouts.
~~Doesn't affect that~~.  

Edit:. I'm wrong
You're so full of shit.  Really, you're citing splits as your evidence?  There's nothing there.

Everything you've ever said here is wrong and EVERYONE knows it.  Just admit you don't know anything about Basketball and move on.  Maybe then might you actually learn and contribute something instead of being the resident r/sixers dumbass.  
>I didn’t say he didn’t improve them.

>But they still would’ve walked the league.

You can't have it both ways.  

Pep's tactics this year needed a player like Kyle Walker and the attacking defensive flexibility he offers.

For fucks sake, KW would attack, defend the wing, and also play as a CB is a back 3.   He was one of City's most important players.  

David Alaba is the only other player in the world that could do the things KW did for City and Walker did it better than what Alaba did for Pep.  

To say they would have walked the league without him is really fucking stupid. 
He's the only real difference in their starting 11 along with Ederson.  To underplay his importance to that squad is just naive and stupid on your part.
>But instead Pop very much threw Kawhi under the bus.

I missed this, what did Pop say?
Sure, but Chrome has always been awesome for me.  It syncs across all my devices and just works well. The password manager has been great.  

I switched from IE to Firefox and then Chrome because of the experience.  I really don't care about theoretical concerns to change. 
*if he opts out
For the XL, that's a decent price.  I would go for it.  It'll have good battery life, good performance, and a great camera you just won't find on mid-range or budget phones.  

I actually sold my Pixel 1 (regular size) for 450$ in nov, so if you're getting the XL for 245$ 5 months later.....seems pretty fantastic.  

One thing to keep in mind though is that the Pixel XL you're probably looking at will have some signs of wear and tear.  (The ones that say refurbished aren't really refurbished by Google)  You should look at other listing and find mint condition phones.  It shouldn't cost you too much more.  
This^
But mah media bias!?!?!?!
No, this thread is particularly toxic.
Nah, Scott O'Neil hates it.  He's been searching for phrases every year to replace it. 
This thread.....
Doesn't Phil have a job managing the lionesses?  What's he doing wasting time here?
He was great football all last season.  His form never dipped.  
Meh....Sage Steele already bores me and Steven A doesn't do Sportscenter. 
Lol
No, but TJ just bought a [sweet ride](https://v.redd.it/kyadpb0eenr01) like a goat.  

/Thread
No, I mean [TJ McConnell](https://i.imgur.com/esQaEAs.png)
It's missing the GOAT, TJ McConnell
That's insane.  The quality of that position has been absolutely lower without Walker.  We absolutely missed him and that's saying nothing about how much better he's helped made one of our rivals.
I want him to stay and play to his form.  Doesn't seem like it will happen.  

Personally, I'm very concerned and stressed out about the turnover we're having with our defense.  Last year, we could easily say we had the best backline in the world.  Then Walker left.  Aurier and Trippier haven't been as good.  We're about to lose Toby and Rose as well.  The strongest part of our team is in flux.  I'm beginning to feel like we missed our window at a title until the next group comes along. 
Personally, I would like to see them embrace, "Trust the Process". 
Not liking this at all.  This seems like it would take away the recents double tap shortcut. 

I don't see the point of this.  
You guys really like this snake brand?  It just feels over the top to me. Basketball should be fun, but this whole thing feels a little too serious.
Pau Gasol is surprisingly good.  
If this was a bonus episode, the rest of the episodes must be great. 
>Plan "A" was to slot Covington in as a first-team guard. Problem: The league has him listed only as a forward, and would not bend when a bunch of voters requested it. That Covington spent about 55 percent of his floor time defending guards did not matter to them. (He is also about to spend an entire playoff series mostly defending Goran Dragic -- a guard!)

Cov would be first team if he was listed as a guard.  

Remember all those idiots that said Cov was an overrated defender?
Never seen this; I'm sure its real, but I've never witnessed this at all living in center city.  
I don't think he ever really played Draymond.  And that's not enough to make me think he gets any credit for Klay.  

Hell, considering that people thought Klay for Kevin Love was a fair deal, if anything, Mark Jackson held him back. 

I don't think Mark deserves any credit whatsoever.  He had a 73 win team and was mediocre.  He fits the profile of a bad coach more than anything else.
Apple already gave LG money.  It's not as simple as "buying" machines.  Dude, you're wayyyyy overstating Apple's role in all this.  They can't just make LG screens as good as Samsung's.  Apple doesn't have the CORE oled tech that Samsung uses.  

If they could leave Samsung, they would have already done that.  
You're overstating it.  Nevertheless, that doesn't mean he can just go to LG and say do the same thing.

To pile on the metaphors; Phil Jackson got a lot of Michael Jordan.  That doesn't mean he can make anyone play like Michael.  
Sure, Apple had heavy input in how those screens came out, but you're forgetting the actual OLED tech is Samsung's.  

For example, let's say I hired Da Vinci to paint a portrait of me. I could also tell him that I want him to use a specific canvas and maybe use dark muted colors among other specific instructions, much like Apple gave specific instructions to Samsung.

But that doesn't mean I'm telling Da Vinci completely how to paint.  And it certainly doesn't mean I can go to another painter with the same instructions and get as good a result.  The way Da Vinci puts his stroke on the canvas and plays with the paint is only something he can do. 

Apple used Samsung's tech to make a great screen.  But they still used Samsung's tech the way I used Da Vinci's talent.  
Apple doesn't design the technology of the screens or more importantly the ability to mass manufacturer them.  LG either has the tech and facilities ready or they don't.  
Why are the games laid out in that order?  Wouldn't the 2-15 game be at the bottom?
So, the only difference is Wizards out and Nuggets in?  I think it's a good reason why 1-16 playoff seeding isn't necessary.  
How'd he develop them?  I doubt he taught Klay how to shoot?  Or told Draymond to defend 5 positions and be a ball handler?
The only real reason to stick with the smaller Pixel is the price savings.  It's a significant difference in my opinion.  But, if that doesn't bother you, then go for the XL.  It's definitely better having a taller screen and smaller bezels.  Also, the Panda option is legit beautiful and looks great with a clear case. 
Sweatpants?!?
Too bad Kat barely plays defense
I don't like it.  Feels like Sixers marketing is desperately trying to get fans to say something other than Trust the Process.
Meh, I think it's kind of bad ass. 

End your champions league career on a red card is better than ending it with Ronaldo scoring the penalty.  
I know he's your boy and all, but are you guys really doing to defend him on this?  It's really dumb on two levels:

1.  As dictionary.com pointed out, he might need to the check out the definition for the word, "played"
2. If his argument is that Ben Simmons should be disqualified, that's just sad and honestly a little pathetic.  

Fwiw, I like Mitchell a lot and think he could actually wind up having a better career, but this hoodie is really squeamish.  
Oh thank God
>Everyone has the same opportunities.

That's completely untrue and naive.  In real society people are born or are given advantages/disadvantages because of their race, religion, class, and nationality among other things.  That's just life.  To say everyone has the same opportunity is completely fantasy.  I'd wish it were true, but it's not.  

To the discussion at hand, racism against black people is still very high today and hurts their chances at getting jobs.  [Here's a study by Harvard and Northwestern that examines the issue.](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2017/09/11/1706255114/tab-article-info).  If you want a quick summary, Northwestern has one [here](https://news.northwestern.edu/stories/2017/september/research-finds-entrenched-hiring-bias-against-african-americans/).  

>Clearly, the free market has taken care of these issues just fine. Why does there need to be law? Stop buying stuff from Racists, stop giving them business

How has the free market addressed this?  Racism, or rather the effects of racism has been combated in this country by governmental actions like the Civil Rights act and other laws against discrimination.  

You sound like a libertarian idealist, which explains your Ron Paul quote I guess.  You really need to try coming into the real world, otherwise you'll remind blind and oblivious to the issues at hand.  

>The smallest minority is the individual. Show me the relevant statistics, bring them out.

The statistics have been cited all over the comments section.  Look up.  I'm not sure what you mean by the smallest minority is the individual.  Seriously, wat?  It almost sounds like your saying that racism and discrimination aren't real.  

>Dont sling mud and the quote the Atlantic, wow....They are totally not biased, lol Ron Paul is a very smart man, you should be ashamed calling him a simpleton. He didn't write those letters and has time and time again disavowed them. Is that the only criticism of him? He is anti war and preaches the non aggression principle. Please point out some intellectual and logical fallacies. I would love to hear them.

It's not slinging mud at all.  It's a fact.  Ron Paul, as the editor of this newsletter, published its contents and didn't disavow them until it was politically necessary for him to.  This is the same man that voted against the Rosa Parks congressional medal.  Supposedly, he did this for "fiscal reasons" despite hypocritically being on the worst offenders of Earmark pork. Also the congressional medal doesn't use taxpayers funds....in other words, he's either dumb or racist.  You pick.  

His economic views are downright batshit crazy, logically dumb, and often mathematically wrong.  The dude's a kook.  Look man, we all liked Ron Paul at first when he did his anti-war stuff as a republican.  But peel beneath the surface, and all you find is dumb simpleton with fewer working brain cells than a drugged out Dennis Rodman.  

>My point exactly

That's not what I was saying. I was speaking in the past and future tense.  Reading it again, it's probably my fault you misunderstood me.  It wasn't clear.  But to clarify,  I'm saying that looking at the numbers, it's hard to deny that race wasn't involved in the past and isn't involved in the present.  

>What is the Status Quo? Who is perpetuating racism? Who is being discriminated on

I suppose you're either in denial or ill-informed about the trials and tribulations that affect disaffected minorities, particularly in the job hiring process.  Look at the study I cited above.  
Should be higher
So, is it Central West Virgina community college? Or JV Sunny Vale Tech? 

Do you have a Facebook fan page?  Where can I get updates of the travels of this future NBA coach?  
This dude is a college assistant coach apparently.  He's mad cause you're personally offending him lol.  He probably doesn't get paid much and hates the idea of players being paid more than him.  
Wow, still with the personal attacks.  Do you really think that makes you sound smart?  

>I am a white dude that has never played college basketball, but at 23, already have college two seasons of collegiate coaching experience. Were those two seasons a fictional dream and never happened because it's impossible for a white kid to know anything about basketball?

And wtf does your personal sob story have anything to do with this debate?

Wait a minute, Holy shit, do you actually think that you have a future coaching professional basketball?!?!?  Wow, no wonder you're getting so mad and defensive.  You're upset that I said people who aren't college or professional players aren't going to get pro jobs.  

I understand why you're being such an ass.  I unintentionally shitted on your shitty dreams.  I mean it's great that your dad helped you get a job in college, but I doubt that's going to be enough.  Good luck though.  You're going to need it.  What team do you coach for?  I want to root for you coach theturtler31
I'm not mad.  Just disappointed you're so lazy.  And btw, making ad hominem arguments isn't going to make so sound smart.  It makes me pity you more than anything.  
You really don't need to copy and paste your same argument over and over again.  It's not doing you any good.  We can just continue if you choose in the other thread.  
Making personal attacks isn't going to make your arguments look any less weaker than they are.

And yes, using the whole population is irrelevant.  It's the definition of statistical bias.  We're in a conversation about professional coaches all of whom either played collegiate or professional ball.  Ergo, the wide disparity between the % of black players in college/pro ball vs the disparity in coaching is relevant.  The US population as a whole is not.  

I was actually hoping for a smart conversation.  It's unfortunate you've decided to be dishonest and mean spirited.  Take care.  
If you want to be immature and intellectually dishonest, then go ahead.  We can stop this conversation right here.  
>I think we both agree that racism is evil, but I believe you are essentially arguing for government sanctioned racism

I'm glad we agree that racism is evil, but for you to argue that affirmative action policies are "racist" is pure intellectual dishonesty.  You're ignoring the reasons why racism exists, particularly the subconscious and overt biases that exist in well, all of us.  Principles like affirmative action are the best and logical ways of subverting those biases and in some small way, ensuring that people of disaffected minorities have just as much an opportunity as other races.

>I am arguing that the inequality you speak of is mischaracterized. You are arguing that the reason that there are not more black coaches, is due to racism. Do you have verifiable proof of this? Are there not other factors? Multiple variables?

I think it's very telling that the Rooney rule was created by a white owner who saw that it was needed.  The NFL has far from historically been a progressive institution. Look how long it took for them to play black players at the QB level.  Or even look at recent racist controversies involving Jerry Richardson for example. Shad Khan, the owner of the Jax Jags was quoted as saying that most of his colleagues were racist, even if they didn't know they are.    

You speak of other factors and multiple variables?  I'm sure there are other things that play a part in the wide disparity we see, but why are you so quick to assume that race isn't a factor?

>Its crazy to say that an INDIVIDUAL was not hired because they are black. Not because this INDIVIDUAL perhaps is not a good fit, that's crazy! No, we must jump to the conclusion that this INDIVIDUAL was not hired because they are black. Let's just assume this for everyone, that will fit my narrative.

I'm not sure what you're trying to get at here.  We're looking at this with a macro focus.  Individual cases are too many and we don't have enough information to say for sure whether race has or hasn't played a factor in many of these coaching decisions on an individual basis.  What we can look at are the relevant statistics as a whole, the qualifications of various coaching candidates, and come to a reasonable conclusion that something is wrong here.  

>Heres a great quote by Ron Paul on this subject:

Aside from being a general idiot for a variety of reasons, I'm certainly not going to take any of [Ron Paul's idiocy when it comes to racial matters.](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2011/12/the-story-behind-ron-pauls-racist-newsletters/250338/)  

And fwiw, that Ron Paul quote is sheer stupidity filled with so many intellectual and logical fallacies, it hurts my brain.  I really hope that you don't think any of that screed was even halfway intelligent.  It's the ravings and rantings of a intellectual simpleton.  

>What are the statistics?????

The overwhelming numbers of black players dominating the sport yet completely unrepresented in management positions.  I agree that context is important, but when the numbers are so overwhelming, it's hard to say that contextually, race was or isn't involved.

>Yes, the nfl is majority black. Do you have an issue with that disparity? 

No, because we can look at the context of on-field production and very clearly see that in most cases, one player is statistically better than another.  With coaches, we don't see evidence of that.   There aren't statistics or qualifications that explain why white coaches are getting more opportunities than black coaches.  

>There are more white people than black people in this country, it only makes sense that there are more white coaches.

No, that doesn't make much sense.  After all, our mothers (i'm guessing about yours) aren't qualified to run football teams.  Looking at the entire population is statistically flawed.  We need to look at the number of candidates within the sport.  

>I cannot shake the notion that you are in support of government-sanctioned racism, which is pretty hypocritical if you are truly fighting for equality for all. Are you looking to give everyone a fair shot, or do you just want to give extra benefits to people of color?

That's such an intellectually dishonest statement that completely ignores the reality of the racism.  You don't fight racism by doing nothing against it.   That just perpetuates the status quo.  



>Please take a step back and use your brain here dude.

Use yours and don't be lazy to the point where you're going to cut and paste your own bullshit.  

>If 80 million white people exist in America don't you think there would a HIGHER chance that you pick out the best coach from that pool as opposed to a pool of only 13.5 million black people?

No, because those numbers are irrevelant.  We're talking about qualified professional coaches which surely don't include people who've never played ball.  

>This is like basic high school level statistics dude. Stop arguing against statistics.

You need to learn about sampling bias you idiot. 
>If 80 million white people exist in America don't you think there would a HIGHER chance that you pick out the best coach from that pool as opposed to a pool of only 13.5 million black people?

No, because that includes a large number of people who don't play ball.  

>Stop arguing against statistics.

Don't use bullshit irrelevant ones like total US population.


My point was that your argument is flawed is that your basing it on us population statistics.  My mom doesn't watch basketball.  Many of my friends know nothing about the game.  I'm not sure about HS statstics, but at least in the college and professional ranks, black players outnumber white players. 

I'm not sure what point you're trying to make with your dad.  Hell, I'm assuming your high school coach dad played high school basketball?  I'm not sure what that has to do with college. 

Huh?  I'm just pointing out that college and pros have majority black players.  

Your argument using US pop statistics which include people like my mom who know nothing about ball. And no, my Mom isn't qualfied to be a coach.  
>Yes the Rooney Rule does create inequality. It literally says you have to interview a minority candidates, putting an emphasis on hiring minority candidates. 

No, it doesn't.  It's addressing an inequality.  For your argument to be even remotely true, there needs to not have been any racism to begin with.  Are you of the belief that racism didn't exist or doesn't exist in why black coaches weren't getting opportunities?  

>You're basically buying thisridiculous narrative that all white people are inherently racist and it's simply not true. Which is totally racist in itself

No.  The argument is there is clear statiscal evidence of racism or bias happening in hires.  I'm arguing for the need to address that.  

>Of course there are going to be more white coaches. There more white people playing football than black people. 

No, they're not.  The NFL is a majority black league.  And almost all coaches in the NFL have NFL experience.  
You're arguing a correlation that's incredibly tenuous at best.  When it comes to players, there is more evidence that's it's a true meritocracy given statiscial evidence which tends to prove one player is better than the other.

You can't apply that logic to coaching hires because the hiring process isn't as easily simplified.  And when you look at the number disparity (majority of college and professional players are black) the lack of black coaches at such a disparity is striking to the point where overt or subconscious biases are a very possible indicator of what's happening.  
If he thinks he a HoF player, he might have brain damage as well.
You seem to be implying that the only qualified black coaches are superstars making big bucks?  Is that what you're saying? 

You don't think there are scrub black players or black players who never made it out of college that could be good coaches as well?
>You'll never achieve equality through inequality. 

What?  Are you saying that talking about black coaching candidates is an inequality of sorts?  Are you saying that something like the Rooney Rule, where it just requests ownership groups to interview candidates is creating inequality?  You have to explain that further.  

>Can you prove that coaches were not getting opportunities because of their race?

We obviously don't know enough about each hiring process to say for sure. We're not in meeting or hearing discussions.  But when you look at the raw statistics, there does seem to be a problem.   

We know that black players make up the majority of players in college and the professional ranks, yet the majority of coaches are overwhelmingly white.

Such a disparity doesn't make much sense.  And given the racial controversies surrounding some ownership groups (like Sterling or Bruce Levinson), it's not unlikely that other ownership groups may have found themselves influenced by subconscious if not overt biases. 

Dude, are you arguing that racism has been solved for something?

There haven't been that many ownership changes since 2010 to being with.  And considering most owners are white, it probably does take constant remindering on part of us to ensure that candidates are choosen because of their qualifications and not over looked because they're black.  
Huh?  What stereotype this list is puporting?  

In any job, having your name out there and being discussed is a big part of getting hired, certainly in the ranks of coaching.   The point of this list is just to let everyone know who some of these black candidates are.  

The current stereotype (judged by the percentages) seemed to have negatively impacted black people.  These type of articles force ownership groups to at least consider their inner biases and really make sure they are hiring the right candidate and aren't, for example, hiring a coach because he happens to share the skin color and personality characteristics of some other successful white coach. 
I think it has as well, but racism is just one of those things that needs to be constantly addressed if it's ever to be solved.  Subconscious stereotypes are very easy to develop.  
>Race should not be a qualifier, period. It's all about the individual, their skill, their talent.

Everyone agrees with that, but that's just not reality.  The reality is that racism is real and often times, stereotypes involving race tend to positively or negativily impact a person's job chance.  

In the NFL, if was clear that black coaches just weren't getting opportunities because of stereotypes held by ownership groups.  The Rooney Rule tried to address that and in the years since, we have seen more black head coaches given opportunities.  
I don't think he specifically ever stood out as an assistant coach.  I remember on the BS podcast, he mentioned some scout told him the reports on Ewing weren't good.  
How?  Most of collegiate and professional basketball players are black.  

Or are you taking into the entire population of America, most of whom don't even play basketball?
>Teams aren't headed into interviews completely open minded and ready to hire whoever blows them away.

What makes you think that?  It that was the case, teams wouldn't have interviews at all.  

I can't say for sure since I'm not a team owner, but usually through reports, the coaches that eventually get hired, white or black, tend to do so after being on the interview circuit for a while.  

Take Sean McDermott for example.  He's been on the interview circuit for a while.  Came close to the Eagles job. His name being out there as a candidate probably helped his chances of eventually getting the Bills job. 

It was the same thing with Todd Bowles.  His name being mentioned as someone getting interviewed for multiple positions did to seem to help him eventually get the Jets job.  
Rumor was the Steelers were going to hire Ken Whisenthal before Mike Tomlin came in. Tomlin hasn't been perfect, but he was def.  the better coach.  
>evidence NBA executives are racist against white basketball prospects.

Lol, what?
In basketball? The majority of players in college and professional ranks are black players.  
Not all wannabe black coaches are Kobe.
Your argument is flawed since your basing your statstics on the US population as a whole and not the population of basketball players, which in the collegiate and professional level skews black.  
It doesn't have anything to do with the topic at hand though.  It's a completely odd train of thought.  
>think it's perfectly logical that in a country with more white people that most coaches are white.

You're assuming that everyone plays basketball.   In all the basketball levels, the percentages seem to favor a majority black population.  At least when looking at collegiate and pro statstics.  
Why is "bitching" about race retarded?

I mean do you think the world is a pure meritocracy and that's people's race doesn't have a negative or positive effect on their ability to get a job?
The majority of this country doesn't play basketball.  What's the percentage of black players playing basketball at all levels compared to white players?  I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I seriously doubt white players are a majority overall.  
A meritocracy is fine and ideal.  In a perfect world, we want people hired for reasons that have nothing to do with skin color.  

The only question is do we have a meritocracy?  Are NBA coaches overwhelmingly white because they deserved it or are there biases and stereotypes that are giving white coaches more opportunity than black coaches?

Given the %'s we're looking at here, there's a possible case that perhaps black coaches aren't getting the same opportunities as white coaches..... although I think that's been steadily improving in the past 10 years.  
I'll take Miller as long as I don't have to hear Mark Jackson.  
It's cool, nice, and I'm really happy for the guy.....but I kind of wish they didn't make it such an obvious PR stunt with the cameras and all.  
>I said I didn’t have an appointment and said they would add me to the standby list **but I likely wouldn’t be taken care of**.

They told you that you likely wouldn't be taken care of.  I don't see what you're outraged about.  

I doubt it's patent more than Apple is using foldable OLED panels which presumably are way too expensive for most manufacturers aside from Apple to seriously consider.
It has less to do with being a start-up or not.  It has to more with cost structure.  Since they sell flagship phones at lower prices, they need to make up for the savings elsewhere. 
Touche.  I always thought Gortat was decent defensively.  
> the sixers tanked like 5 straight years.

Where do people keep getting 5 from.  The Sixers tanked for 3 years; which is quite normal for bad teams.   The only difference between the Sixers and other teams is their players didn't get bullshit knee soreness injuries towards the end of season.  
>They also got lucky in the lottery last year, going from 6th to 3rd and then trading up to first.

That's actually not true.  The Kings had the 3rd pick, but one of those great Hinkie trades resulted in that pick swapping with the Sixers pick.  They then combined the pick they swapped from the Kings with conditional future picks (18LA/19SAC) to move to 1.  
Aren't you worried about his lack of rim protection?  I can't imagine whatever space that's opened up will make up for the problems Vuc will add defensively.  

You could def. upgrade Gortat, but Vuc is going the wrong way.  
Why would you want Vuc over Gortat?
Then just go watch Twitch instead of being a hypocritical crying bitch.  No one's forcing you to watch YouTube.  
You can't see ads if they're in the background genius.
Not it didn't
I don't want to see this guys ballsack though
>On the other hand, he's not *our* most important player, and breaking our wage structure for him would make any current or future negotiations with those more-important players much more difficult.

I think you're forgetting his importance and just how good he is.  But on "breaking the wage structure," given the news of Levy's massive bonus payment and the club record profits, I don't think the justifications for that wage structure are legitimate anymore.  

Given the reports of how players were unhappy with the Levy bonus news, I suspect all our players on below market value rates will demand adjustments regardless of whatever happens to Toby.

>So what did we do? We bought Davinson Sanchez for £50m,........That's just good management.

I disagree with this. It's good financially driven management.  But it doesn't make us better.  I think many people are forgetting that Poch likes to play a back 3 or just how good we were when we utilitized that formation.  Having Toby will be key for that.  

If we want to win the title.  We can't just make decisions based on economical approaches to replace our best talent we need to make decisions on adding and supplementing talent to the squad.  

At the end of the day, selling Toby will not make the squad better.  It will make us worse just as selling Kyle Walker made us worse.  I'm not happy to accept that, and given the record profits and Levy's bonus (and ticket price increase), I'm not buying the excuse there is a financial justification to make these moves.

Nice.  I stand corrected.  Couldn't find it before.  I guess it was disabled out of the box.

It is any good?
Is there a setting?  How did you get it to work on the Ticwatch S?
I have the Sport and it works well for what it is.  I use it for tracking my runs and listening to music at the same time and it does the job.   Basic Android Wear things work well.

Having said that, it's a budget watch, and as such, certain things aren't as good compared to other watches:  

* it can slow down and be laggy at times, just like a budget phone.
* ~~Doesn't have "okay Google" voice recognition.~~
* speakerphone feature really doesn't work.  Better left disabled.

Still, for the 130$ I got it for, fantastic value.
It's a budget watch.  Customer service will always be a crapshoot for budget items unfortunately. 
Again the % increase is irrelevant.  He's asking for market value. The difference in between what's hes asking and what the club is offering doesn't matter.   Market value is market value.   

>Eventually that would translate to all salaries across the board. 

No, it absolutely would not.  Not every player on the club is world class.  Market value still plays a part of this.  At Real Madrid, where Ronaldo makes 20m a year, Lucas Vazquez still makes 60k/week.  Why? Because that's his market value.  He's not getting paid more than his market value.  (Which is less than Sissoko btw)

Now, if you wanted to argue that there are players at Spurs who are knowingly taking below market value contracts, because they've been led to believe the club can't afford it, then perhaps you'd have a point why the increase for Toby might be bad.   After all, if Toby gets a market value deal, so will Kane, Lloris, Eriksen, etc etc. 

But given the news of Levy's bonus and the record profits (in a year where revenue would have been surpresed due to the missing WHL section), I don't think there is much evidence that Spurs couldn't afford that.  

And more likely, given the reports that players were angry at the news of Levy's bonus, I suspect that dam, so to speak, has already been broken and many of our star players will request their market value anyways.   
The % of increase is irrelevant.  His market value is the only thing relevant to his wage demands.  You don't ask for less at your job than similarly abled colleagues, do you?

>If you were to increase every player's salary by 40%

Why would *everyone* get an increase?  A world class player is getting an increase.  Not every player on Spurs is world class.  

>Also, I'm not sure £180k/yr is even market for a 30yr old CB with injury issues.

Sure, but he hasn't had any more injury issues than other players.  If he's truly lost a step and that can be seen in training, then fine, I'd agree with the club.  However, given the situation with Walker last season, I find that incredibly hard to believe.  
It won't be 100s of millions.  It's probably more like an increase of around 20-30m.  Given the profits of 50m last season (in a season with a section of WHL missing), it seems we can afford it. 

Compared to the money we spend on transfer fees, these aren't as significant sums.  We can reportedly spend 50m on a young unproven CB from Ajax, but we get stingy on amounts less than 10m from our own players?

He's the best CB in the league, he's asking for market value.  There's nothing wrong with that.  That's how life works.  

The question is whether or not Spurs have the money to give it to him and pay raises for others as well.  Given the bonus given to Levy and the record profits, I'm not buying the argument that we can't afford it.

I think what's really happening is Levy doesn't mind being marginally worse or stagnant as long the he and the club continue to make money.  
I don't understand this attitude by fans like you.   Levy just took a massive bonus and the club announced record profits.   With that in mind, how are you okay with losing our best players?  What's your ambition?  Do you not care about winning the title?  Or are you happy the club has a good balance sheet?  

When Levy and ENIC make more money, do you celebrate? Should I celebrate that?  I thought the entertainment in sports is winning trophies, not good business awards.
This is so fucking frustrating.  There's no positive losing one of our best players....all over a difference of 2.6m in wages.  Fucking hell
I just want point out the difference in what Tottenham and Toby want in contracts is just 2.6million.  

I absolutely don't understand why our wage bill is this low.  I don't buy the excuses given the chairman getting a fat bonus and club announcing record *profits.* 
Nothing wrong with retiring early in football. Protect your body.  
I don't think most people actually care how the timelines are laid out.  They see what they like and they're happy. 

 The only people that complain about this stuff tend to be tech nerds who may just have an overly compulsive need to control everything.   
When I tuned in, they had a T-Wolves fan that was doing a good job.  She was nervous, but said a lot of smart things. 
Yeah, he sounded under the weather.  
"unite or die"?!?

What idiot came up that?  Scott O'Neil is the worst marketer in the history of marketing.  
>"the best stuff" is coincides with the content that makes Facebook the most money.

I don't actually use Facebook, but in the instance of Twitter, Im seeing good content immediately and quickly and I like that a lot.  

>If they're doing this for the benefit of the user and *not* themselves, why have they progressively made it less and less convenient to view it any other way? Why not let *my* preferences have some impact on what their algorithm prioritizes? There's no way Facebook doesn't have a way to determine that; data mining is basically the core of their company. 

Because, quite frankly, people like you are likely few and far between.  If people were unhappy the way you are, then they wouldn't be using it more.  Eventually, they'll get fed up and leave.  

>I don't use Twitter so I can't speak to that specifically, but honestly I'd be shocked if most of what I've said about Facebook didn't also apply to them as well.

Perhaps there is a difference in the two platforms.  
My point is that there are people who actually like seeing things non-chronogically. They don't care that what order its in. They use it and they engage more with it because the best stuff is surfaced to the top as opposed to just barely using the app the at all.  

It's kind of why I use Twitter more now.  I barely used it until it changed and started showing "tweets you might have missed". 
I think you're assuming that every user of a service has a pathological need to see *everything* in their timelines.  

Whether it's Facebook or Twitter, I don't think people care as much as you do. 
I like it.   It's nice to see the good tweets in one place without having to scroll down endlessly for them. 
You don't know what you're talking about. 
If you're going off his whole career, then you don't know what you're talking about. 

>He is a good defender, I'll give him that,

And you call him a bust???  Dude, you have no idea what you're talking about.
We already have Fultz, Simmons, and TJ.  We have no need for another pg, let alone one that can't shoot like Exum.  

We don't do anything if we can't sign LeBron.  We can try to get players like Nerlens, KCP, or Avery Bradley if they take discounted cheap deals, but otherwise, we're saving cap space for Klay. 
He's having one bad season.  I'm not going to ignore the whole body of work up to this point.  Calling him a bust makes no sense Whatsoever.  
Seems like you have a problem with women
Lol, no.  People don't throw out Max contracts for potential.  He's basically a better version of Clint Cappella. 

Certainly not a bust as you put it. That's really stupid. 
Thats idiotic.  A bust wouldn't have been offered 70m last off-season.  Let alone talked about as Max guy just a year ago.  

He's one of the best defenders at the 5 position at the NBA. He rim protects and can defend on the perimeter.  He's also an impact player offensively with his rim running and movement.
We didn't strike out with Noel.  He was a really good pick and despite the disaster of a season he's had; still a very good player.  
If you want to be the idiot that thinks Ben Simmons defends Point guards, then fine, think Ben Simmons defends point guards.
With the club squabbling over 3 million on whether or not to keep Toby and also letting go of Walker last season, presumably over wages as well, it's happening soon enough.
Dude, this isn't hard.  You're just not listening. 

Look, since Dario is starting for us, both Cov and Simmons are moving down a position.  Cov is better suited for guarding 3s and Ben is better suited for guarding 4s.  

My point is Ben is that he's been forced to guard more smaller guys to accommodate Dario, but that doesn't mean he's not actually a PF defensively.   He's like Nerlens two years ago.  He's accommodating another player.  

>*On Android, can I use the phone app to make calls over Wi-Fi and mobile data with my Google Voice number?*

>No, calls started from the phone app will only use your carrier minutes. To make calls over Wi-Fi and mobile data, turn on Wi-Fi calling in Google Voice settings, then make the call from the Google Voice app.

Looks like they're just putting VOIP in the GV app like it's currently there in Hangouts.  It's not integrated into the dialer unfortunately.  

Poch actually does something similar at times.  It was his hallmark during the 15/16 season.   He starts the lineup as a 4231, but in attack, the holding midfielder drops into the back to form a back 3. The wingbacks push up with the other central midfielder to form the next 3.  Then there's the attacking midfielders followed by the striker.  Defensively, it turns back into a back 4 or even a back 5.   There's other combinations as well, but Poch was influenced by Bielsa and it shows.


2 years ago when Nerlens wasn't guarding 5s as much because Okafor was there, did that make Nerlens a PF, or just a guy playing slightly out of position to accommodate another player?

Same thing here, Ben is guarding 3s primarily because Saric is in the the lineup even though he's probably best suited to guard 4s.  If Fultz didn't forget how to shoot, we would see Ben guarding 4s more often as Saric would have probably come off the bench. 

Covington guards 1s and 2s more than anyone else on this team, that doesn't mean he's not a SF.    
Forget what the nba says man.  if you were picking your ideal defensive team with Simmons, are you really going to have him guard PGs like Chris Paul or Kyrie all game or guard the 3s and 4s like LeBron and KD?   

Btw, the straight facts are that night in and night out, he’s guarding 3s, not 1s.  
Check the news, the NBA said that AD is listed as a 4 or 5 on the all NBA ballot.  FWIW, I don’t care what the nba puts the position as.  KOC made the point that even those Aldridge plays 5 more often, he’s listed as a 4 on the same ballot.

What I’m saying is that in reality, Simmons is a defensive forward player than a PG defender.  As the matchup data shows, he’s primarily guarding 3s.  Only in limited circumstances was he really ever guarding a 1.   
Wings are anyone that’s not a big or a ball handler.  And teams that run traditional 4s are few and far between.  Even teams that start guys at the 4 like Davis and Aldridge end up playing them more minutes at the 5.  That’s why AD is going to be first team all nba 5 over Embiid this year.   All those guys you mentioned primarily play the 5 most of the game.  

Look at those matchups again.  He’s not guarding pgs most of the time. 
Many teams tun a stretch 4 nowadays which is why the PF position has turned into a wing position.  Btw, I never said he’s guarding bigs let alone 5s.  

If you go look at NBA tracking matchup stats, most of the players on that list are wings, not point guards.  Westbrook is the only real exception and that’s more to do with Westbrook being bigger than most PGs.  
No, cause they primarily stay inside most lineups.  

We're talking about defense.  What it says on his stat sheet isn't really relevant to this discussion. 

Defensively, he's usually guarding 3s and other wings.  He's not guarding primary ball handlers on most games.  
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
It was a lot of Sixers fans across the spectrum honestly.  Mostly old guys that don't quite have the grasp on what good defense actually is.  The same people that used to say Iggy was an overrated defender.
Dude, were talking about positions on an all NBA defense.  Ben Simmons never has or will ever be primarily guarding PGs.  

>He guards 1-5 and mainly guards wings/guards. 

Just to be clear, positions 1-4 are all wings/guards anyways in today's league.  I'm looking the PF marker interchangeabley with the SF.  
Actually, there are quite a few coaches who write positions based on defensive assignments.  LeBron was always put down as a 3 despite him being the primary PG for most of his teams.  

But more importantly, we're talking about positions **IN THE CONTEXT OF AN ALL-NBA DEFENSE TEAM!!!!!!**

>Ben Simmons guards 1-3 FAR more than he does the 4.

No, he usually guards 3s, and then 4s and 2s.  The only 1s he's guarded a lot are big ones like Westbrook.  He doesn't usually guard 4s as much as he usually would on this team because of Saric

But in terms of an all NBA defense conversation, it's perfectly fine calling him a PF because Covington is the other forward.  


Wat?  Dude, we're talking about defense. Chill
Covington and Simmons are different.  Cov is one of the most flexible defenders on the planet.  

And no, Simmons is not usually guarding small speedy PGs.  That's incorrect.  He's a PG for what he does offensively, but defensively, putting him in the class of defenders that guards Steph Curry, Kyrie, or Chris Paul is dumb.  

If you were putting a team of your best defenders, you would have Simmons matched up on a wing/forward.
I wish someone who do a before and after picture book of all these old stadiums and what those areas currently look like.
Forwards are wings.  I didn't say he defends bigs.  

He's not a PG defensively.  Unless he's caught on transition or switched, he's not guarding Chris Paul. 
Remember those idiots who thought Covington wasn't actually a good defender?  Because what, some small guard was able to get past him once or twice a game or because he wasn't hitting threes?   
Today's PF is more a wing anyways. It's not wrong to call him a PF.  He's only been guarding the other smaller positions more because Dario is in the lineup.  

Next season, if Fultz gets his shot back and becomes who we thought he could be, then defensively speaking Ben would be penciled in as the 4, although with switching and transition defense, it doesn't really mean all that much. 
He's probably looking at Cov and Simmons as forwards and since he put Cov at SF, he's probably putting Ben at PF.

In all honesty, it doesn't matter.  There's very little difference nowadays between the 1-4 defensively. They're all guarding wings.  Simmons does have the size at least to guard inside if needed.
Defensively, he's a forward.

Edit: I don't know why this is being downvoted.  Guys we went through this 100x in the off-season.  He's a guard offensively, forward defensively.  
Given record profits, the financial model should be tweaked so we can make more of the window we have.  
In fairness, he really was getting better every year until this season.  Statically it might not show up because he was played our of position to accommodate Okafor his last full season in Philly. 

He's going to be a great bargain for someone this off-season.
He's doing some good shit, but it not exactly notable shit.  I think that's what the guy meant.  
Sure, but it's a significant pay bump at a time when the club is effectively saying they're under austerity as justification for raising ticket prices and keeping the wage bill low. 
No, it was revealed he was given that in the recent financial disclosure
I don't think Poch is the type to fear Real's expectations.  

Also, see the link I posted above.  Guillem Balange spent a year with Poch. I don't think he brought up Real Madrid by coincidence.  I think it's obvious Poch told him he would be interested to manage them. 
Hmm?  We are part of the WTO.   
Ok, but then when we have record profits to the point where we are giving Levy a significant bump in pay, why aren't we paying higher wages for all those players?

>(...as could the team's inability to to pay top wages for top talent.)

It's not like we're doing that now. 
I find it hard to believe Toby's pay raise has any impact whatsover on the wages we offer to other players.  The difference in what Spurs offered and what Toby wanted was only 40k.  

Maybe I'm cynical, but I just see the Toby situation as nothing more than Levy making the usual long term economical move.  Sell a player in his prime rather than pay him and then replace him with someone cheaper and younger.  Normally, I'd agree with that kind of move, but now is not the right time to do that. 
It's not that he doesn't deserve it, but when the excuse is that we can't increase our player wage budgets because we don't have the finances for it, it's strange to hear record profits and Levy increasing his salary.  It makes the excuse harder to stomach.

Imagine you were working for a company underpaid by industry standards, but then the CEO doubles his pay....you're going to be a little confused.
You honestly think he turns down Real Madrid and their millions and stature to stay with us? Guillem think Madrid would offer him a 40m contract.  I can't see him turning that down.  

I wish I shared your optimism.  

I think you're making IP more valuable than it actually is. Most things can be reverse engineeried very quickly.  It's not like some firm has a magical recipe on how to make something than no one else can.  

The only thing that really matters in regards to IP is patent royalties and that doesn't change just because China has better access to something. 
Yea dude, but it's Real fucking Madrid.  They are a much bigger club than us and he'll be able to buy any player(s) he wants with a much higher salary and prestige.  

I'd be over the moon if he stays, but you have to be realistic.  
I like Alaa, even his corniness.  The only thing that annoys me at times is that he's seems too old school and hasn't really understood the progressive changes in the league. 
Long term I agree with you.  But we have an opportunity in the short term we should be more appreciative off.  We may never have a manager like Poch again.  We may never get a Harry Kane or find bargains like Dele Alli and Christian Eriksen again.  
You misunderstood me.  I was talking about the history of Spurs firing managers as a reason why Poch wouldn't be scared to join Real Madrid, despite their similar history of firing managers.   

You brought up Real's history, but I don't think Poch would be scared of that; rather I think he would see that as a challenge.

 
https://www.express.co.uk/sport/football/910925/Real-Madrid-news-Mauricio-Pochettino-Tottenham-Guillem-Balague

-from the guy that wrote his autobiography.

I'm not saying Poch wants to leave at the moment or isn't happy here.  But, PSG has money and Neymar.  Managing Real Madrid is privilege and honor in the minds of most managers.  

Keep in mind, Spurs had a history of firing managers as much as Real does, so I doubt that would scare him.  
It's not ridiculous.  He's mentioned as one of the great managers.  If Zidane leaves Madrid, it's stands to reason they would go after Poch.  

I would love to have him here for the next ten years, but I wanted the same for Bale, Modric, and Berbatov.  
He's a great manager and teams like Real Madrid will eventually come calling.  There is the outside chance that PSG could sway him this summer, although I think reports have them currently hiring Tuchel. 

I don't think we'll have him for more than another year or two at most. 
The economical argument is sound, but I think you have to factor all these decisions with the likely possibility we won't have Poch and many of our star players (like Kane and Eriksen) for that much longer.  

Buying De Ligt and selling Toby makes sense in terms of keeping that position at the competitive level for the next 5 years, but in terms of maximizing our opportunity with this window, probably not.  
I would rather pay Toby.  We won't have Poch for that much longer.  We need to maximize his presence as long as possible in the effort to win a league title and maybe even the champions league.  
I was under the impression that Levy has equity in the club? If he needs the spending cash right now, then so be it, he deserves it.  

However, perhaps taking it now wasn't the best decision when many of our current stars are starting to get fed up with being underpaid.  


Sure, but many of our players are already upset.  Walker left because of wages that other clubs could offer.  

My only point is that the wage structure is broken as it is and we may as well pay players top dollar when they have leverage like Toby does rather than lose them.  
I think as this sub as grown, it's become more toxic to dissenting opinions.  
That's a fair point.  If those players are knowingly taking less to keep the squad together, then I could understand why breaking the wage structure could be difficult.

On balance though, and looking at the number of players that don't seem to be happy with their wages (Toby, Rose, and Dembele we know of right now), I think the wage structure is already broken in the minds of many of these guys.   
He's certainly been one of our best for years now.  
>Would Kane still score 40+ goals if he didn’t earn an extra 50k a week by doing so?

I think he absolutely would.  I think when players play, they mostly try to play their best.  Harry Kane especially.  

I don't think players are motivated by bonus structures as much as it's just financially safer for the club; although likewise, it's riskier for players to take that sort of structure with injury always being a bad tackle away.  
Nabil Bentaleb
Vlad Chriches
But aren't the direct peers like ones like Ozil and VVD?  Zaha gets paid loads more than his Crystal Palace teammates; I don't think Andros Townsend is demanding the be paid the same.  
I'm just arguing about the breaking the wage structure.  Like I said, our budgets play the biggest role.  
He's right.  The popcorn at wells fargo is pre-packed trash shit.  
So, we're going to pay 50m for a young centerback instead of just paying Toby a couple extra million to stay?

I would understand in the move if all Tottenham are is a club that sells players in their prime and buys the next generation of stars when they are young.

But is that what Tottenham are?  I don't know.  In the past, it felt like we had no choice.  Bale wanted to go to Madrid, who are we to stop him?  After the sale of Walker last year and what's happening with Toby right now, I feel we are more a developmental and selling club than a club trying its best to be the best.  

My personal feeling, considering the squad and manager we have now, this feels like the perfect time to pay to keep our best players and really go for it.  We should have kept Walker last season and instead of spending tens of million of transfer fees; lets just keep this core together and win a title.  

Hopefully when the stadium is completed, this will all change.  
That's the world we compete in.  The market dictates what players are paid and we have no control of that.  If you were a football player and you saw a similarly or even lesser skilled player get paid twice or thrice what you get paid, you're going to notice and eventually ask for a raise.

Toby was the thing that really helped catapault us into becoming the best team in London.  If we want to compete at the highest level and be more than just competitive; maybe even win the league, Tottenham will have to pay it's best players their market value.  Personally, I think Toby is more that worth it.  

Remember, we got him on a bargain to start with.  
Who's place does he take?  I think he's a decent player, but one of the problems with the signing was there really wasn't a open role he could fill into.  At this point, his here in case someone gets hurt or will come off the bench if Poch feels we need his pace.  
People say that a lot about our wage structure and I don't think it makes much logical sense.  Toby's wage demands have nothing to do with what other Spurs players makes; it's directly influenced by what other top CBs across Europe make, particuarly players like VVD.

When Eriksen requests a new contract, the number he's going to be looking at are what David Silva and Mesut Ozil are behind paid, not Toby Alderweireld. 
It has more to do with most people here tend to buy flagship phones because of the financing deals and contract structures that make the cost more ameable.   

Also, a lot of those Chinese phones are cheap in part because of the local cost of design/manufacturering and sale is cheaper. Not to mention Chinese manufacturers don't have to worry about patent lawsuits that they do in the rest of the world.  (Which adds another bit of cost savings since they can just copy ideas from other companies like Apple instead of developing their own)
When I clear the ball with my head, it always ends going down because of the momentum carried by the head turn.  Try it with a ball, head goes up, but finishes down.  

As far as insticts go, I don't think you're appreciating how fast everything occurred.  It's clear he jumped to head the ball.  In the nano-seconds that followed, I find it incredibly unlikely he changed the pattern of his body mid air.  

All in the all, you're right, there's not much to complain about.  He was good most of the game  and im happy with his performance overall.  I'm personally very annoyed about the Toby situation  (would prefer to play him and bring back the back 3), but Sanchez didn't make us miss Toby today.  
That would have been a better question.  I'm personally on the side of great camera/performance, assuming battery life is at least average.  

My view is that I rather love the phone I'm using for the time it's on than be frustrated and annoyed at bad quality pics or lag/stuttering. 
Congratulations on your bigotry.  Wear your homophobia with pride.  
Lol, This is getting zapruder-ish

I've watched it over and over again and I just don't see your view there.  To me, it looks like he snaps his head from the front to the side as if he was trying to head the ball away with power.  Your image captures him at the end of the head turn.  He's looking down because that's the result of a ball clearing motion. 

Remember, he jumps at exactly the same time Hugo jumps.  He's definitely going for the ball when he jumps.  In real time, I don't think any human being is all of a sudden going to change their intended motion in a manner of nano-seconds.


[Nextbit Robin](https://2.img-dpreview.com/files/p/E~TS520x279~articles/1923971528/151016-all-2-colorways-5599x3000.png) is my favorite all time design.  Very beautiful and very unique at the same time. 
>Be my guest. You've spent the last 3 days gobbling Toby's cock I'm tired of seeing how much deeper you can go.

It's one thing to be a fucking idiot who doesn't know much about football.  It's another thing to be a bigot.  I love argument in sports, but I have no interest in continuing a debate with a poor character such as yourself.  
I don't see it man.  I don't think he's trying to duck his head. He didn't move his head downwards, he moves it to the right as if he's trying to clear it.    Remember, he's jumping the same time as Hugo.  In his mind, he's just looking at the ball.   He just missed and misjudged the flight of the ball.  

Either way, he should have been closer to Morata.  

Sanchez didn't duck though.  He jumped for that ball and missed.   It's a hard play to make, but his positioning could have been better.  He should have been closer to Morata.  
He's insane
Since when do phones have great cameras and bad performance?  I get the point of the question, but it feels incredibly irrelevant.  In order to have a great camera, you need a great performing phone that can handle all the processing and algorithmic calculations to make a great camera.  
>All the PR excuse for why they cant do edge display because they are small..

They can't do edge displays because they sell phones for cheap prices.  
>Yeah no I didn't.

You did. 

>If only it was that easy eh? I would have told you that right after you dodged my first question.

I didn't dodge your question.  I attacked the sheer stupidity of it.

>Once again correlation =/= causation

That doesn't make any sense whatsoever.  We're not taking about an action and result where correlation or causation would be appropriate description.   

You said defense is more important, yet teams who win the title always score loads of goals.  Liverpool almost won despite conceding loads of goals.   That is a a historical fact that proves your opinion wrong.  

>No you're the one being selective by quoting certain parts of what I've typed, 

No, I quoted the relevant part and ignored the bullshit as I'm doing now.

>But I'm not twisting anything

You are.

>Yes because I would recognise he's here for the long term and I'd take a risk on a player who will be here next season.

That's not important.  Only what happens this season is important.  Either Toby is good enough to play now for the FA cup and Top 4 chase or he isn't 

You can't have it both ways.  Choose a side.  He's either good enough or not.  

>The two games in which he was no where near top form? That's your basis.

The two games where he still played well despite not being in the top high class form we get from him. 

>But you clearly did. Once you realised how dumb it sounds to say he would be back into form after one game, you then ended with he needs a couple of games to take the rust off. That is moving goal posts.

No, it was a little hyperbole.  Jesus fuck.  It's so sad you're holding onto this as much as you are.

>But he wasn't fine, Rochdale was constantly threatening our defence.

No, they weren't.  They were sitting back 90% of the game. 

>He didn't show his class and skill during Rochdale and they are a league one side.

It was his second game back on a bad pitch and his positioning (the most important thing for any defender) was great. 

>I'm not dismissing his body of work just acknowledging the context.

You are dismissing it completely by changing the context to suit your shitty argument.

>He wasn't awful against Juve, we dominated that game apart from a 10 minute period.

He was responsible for the dybala goal and didn't do a great job on the Higuian goal either.  He got lost.

>But we don't.

We do.

>Yes it literally is his job to sense danger and be in position to snuff it out.

Saying it's a centerbacks fault for not anticipating his midfilder losing the ball in the middle of the pitch on the other side is sheer stupidity.

>Yes you did.

No

>Talk about over exaggeration.

No exaggeration.  He was fantastic those games.  

>Jesus christ "His greatness" get his cock out of your mouth it's embarrassing.

If you're going to resort to homophobia, this conversation is over.

>When compared to 5-6 months like Toby yes it is.

No. long term injuries are long term.  Jan's was also just as long.  Did you think Wimmer should have stayed when Jan came back?  Youd be an idiot to say yes.

>He does want to leave. I'm not dismissing his form just once again acknowledging the factors at play for it.

He wants a new contract.  Big fucking difference.  

>Yeah no he definitely isn't.

Yes he is. Wimmer was doing the job when Jan was out.  We survived Jan's absence as well. 

>Jan wasn't in the middle of a contract dispute

That's not important.  We need to be playing the best players at the important parts of season. He's under contract in the present. That's all that matters.  

The fact that you prioritize future contracts over the here and now and the important competitions we're in shows your stupidity on the matter.

>Doesn't invalidate what I typed at all

It completely invalidates it.

>Toby has also shown he's mentally not ready to be here long term.

Total bullshit.  Stop making shit up.  Mentally ready is lot of crock.  

>No he's not, he's already going to have 2 games less in the league than last year.

No. He's had 30 apps last season in the Prem and 24 so far this season.  He'll end up the same or will have played 2 more games. 

>We done the same last year.

No. We played a back 3 last year which asks less  of Dembele in those positions as he has the help of Wanyama to shoulder the load and an extra CB to cover for him.  

>Yes it is.

Nope

>Except against Rochdale eh?

His positioning against Rochdale was superb.  The goals were not his fault.

>Why give him less responsibility when Toby won't be here next year? Let him get used to the responsibility now.

Because next year is behind this remaining games this season in importance.

>That still doesn't mean our possession play is worse. We don't rely on Son that's an over exaggeration.

It is.  Toby's long passes opened things up for us and allowed us to vertically stretch the field.

We do rely on Son more.  We isolate him on the left and take defenders 1 on 1 because it's harder for us to stretch the field in other ways.  Partly because of Toby.  I will say this also the part where we are missing a healthy Rose and Walker.   

>No he's clearly worse than last season and that's undeniable. Hhaving the goal of the season means absolutely fuck all what a useless point.

Absolutely horseshit.  He's playing fine.  Dier is just better in this formation. Wanyama isn't the same passer and he's not as good dropping back to the CBs.

>Yes he has because he has not improved.

He's playing great football for the DM in the 4231.  He's gotten better at when he goes forward.  His reaction times aren't great, but he's improved his on field intelligence and positioning.  I'd still prefer to play a back 3 which puts Wanyama ahead of him, but Dier has been solid. 

>No he hasn't and him playing a full 90 is the reason for that.

He has and playing the full 90 is an important attribute for a player.  

>WB in a back 3 need to get forward to create width. Trippier not getting forward as much isn't a good thing.

The back 3 allows him to get forward moreso than the back 4 does.  

>Nope.

Yes.

>What? Sane being the most effective option will allow midfielders to send a ball wide and he will get central.

What the fuck are you taking about?  Watch the game again. Dier was responsible for most of the goals and other defensive errors.  He stood still on the Gundogan header.  kdB went through him for the second goal.  He gave away the ball cheaply which lead to a penalty.  When Sterling scored the third, he was out of position begging for an offsides as the ball to Sterling went past.  And on the fourth goal, he literally whiffed the ball.  The fullbacks had nothing to do with that game.  

>No.

Yes

>We were not in a realistic title race. We were first that whole league season once.

This is so stupid.

>Lol putting pressure on is not a title race

Yes it is.

>And the best Rb and LB in the league and arguably the best DM in the league as well.

CBs have far more effect on a defense than fullbacks do.  I already talked about the DMs above.

>We play nicer football

No, when healthy, we have better defense, better midfield, and better attackers.  (Although Liverpool are probably even on the attacker part)

>No we haven't

I have, you just want to keep you head in the sand.

>Yeah no I didn't.

You absolutely did.

>Short term thinking is useless.

The FA cup and Top 4 are useless?  Fuck off you idiot.

>Not giving up just trusting the players that have put us in that position to keep going.

No, you are only thinking of next season.  You're pathetic.  


>This is why it's very important to quote the full part of what I typed and not just selectively pick out what you want to respond to.

You already admitted that's not what he meant, so it's done.

>That doesn't mean they're better...

That does mean they're better.  

>Well no. Please look above once again.

I have. It's over.  You lost.

>The fact that Liverpool came 2nd invalidates my argument? The fact they didn't win the title but the team which conceded 23 less goals did invalidates my argument?

Yes.   There has never been a team that's one the title without scoring a lot of goals.  Yet, Liverpool came close despite having one of the worst defenses speaks volumes.

>Please look at my first response. I'm not repeating myself anytime you want to selectively pick out something to argue against

You're the one who's been selective.  You even admitted that's not what he meant.  

>These are full direct quotes.

>Just because you've been caught out about moving goal posts whenever suits you, does not mean its nitpicking it just means you dont know what you think.

No, you are twisting and nitpicking to try and ignore my point.

You even said earlier had Toby signed a contract, you would play him.  You don't know what you think.  

>Zero way of knowing that. Literally zero way of knowing that

You know that by watching the games.  I'm not sure you do.  

>No it's because you move the goal posts when it suits you.

No goals posts have been moved.  Nonetheless, the point was clarified loads of times.  You are ignoring that because you have no logical argument against it. You know you're wrong.  

>Why when he couldn't hack it the first two times he tried to come back? Now you want to throw him in the deep end when he's shown he couldn't even handle a league 1 side threatening relegation?

Thats a total exaggeration.  He was fine in those games.  And he played at Sanchez's level at worst.  We play him because of his class and skill.  He's too good to leave on the bench.  

>No you're looking for whatever suits your agenda that Toby is a necessity.

No, I'm looking at the games. You're the one who's dismissing the body of work Toby has done.  

>Wasn't awful against Juve and the fact he's come into the side with a worse defence around him speaks volumes to me.

He was awful against Juve.  The dybala goal was on him.  The defense around him had nothing to do with that.  Individual mistakes are individual mistakes.  

>I've already told you we dont have the fullbacks to execute a back 3 well enough. Plus nobody should have their spot taken just to accommodate a player who wants to leave.

And I've explained a hundred times that we do.  For fucks sake.  You don't understand football.  

>Yes Toby should've organised the defence which included a 20 year old. He's experienced he should've anticipated it coming and that's what actual leaders do.

That's the stupidest thing ever written. That's not how football works. It's not Toby's job to plan for Winks being disposessed.  

>Is this coming from the same guy who just compared Lionel fucking Messi and Toby Alderweirld?

I didn't compare them.  You have poor reading comprehension.  

>Progressed further in the champions league than when Toby was here,

My God, you are such an idiot.  Toby played in both Madrid games and against Dortmund.  He was an instrumental part of our success this season.  The first game against Real, he was incredible. The second game, he stopped a Benzema chance before getting hurt.  

>You're over exaggerating Toby's importance and if he was the best CB in the league we would see it in how we've performed this season.

I'm talking about him the way almost everyone talks about him. You are one of the few idiots in the world who is denying his greatness.  And the fact that we've taken a step down in his absence is testment to this quality.  

>We survived Kane's absence because people stepped up for a short period of time

Two months is not a short period of time.  Your argument are complete hypocrisy.  

>I don't hate Toby at all, please stop trying to put words into my mouth.

You fucking do.  You've dismissed his form over the last two seasons and you continue to insinuate he wants to leave.  

>Well no it isn't because of every other factor I've listed. Football is a team sport.

Individual mistakes are individual mistakes.  Davinson hasn't been bad, but he's had a full share of those.  He's performing more or less at the same level Wimmer perfromed when Jan was out.  

>2 months is not the same as pretty much the whole season.

Extended periods of time are extended periods of time.  Jan was out for just as long as Toby.  Should Wimmer have displaced him? Because Poch started Jan as soon as he came back. 

>Football is a team sport, he is playing with a worse defence around him and is constantly being exposed to attacks that Toby wasn't.

See above.  We've been through this.  Individual mistakes are individual mistakes.  The fullbacks don't affect that at all.  

>If he's learning give him experience in the formation we're gonna be playing next year when Toby leaves. Toby doesn't guarantee shit, he's not shown anything that hes ready to hop into the deep end.

Next year is not important compared to finishing this season successfully.  Toby has shown his class over the past two years.  

>But he played more games last year then he has this year

Because the season is not over yet.  He's on Pace to play the same number of games.  The important thing is that he's playing the full 90.  Part of the reason the back 4 has held up this season is because we're relying on Dembele to hold up the ball a lot more compared to the back 3 where he gets help from Vert in the midfield.

>Dier has stagnated, Wanyama has not kicked on from last season. Both are in average form.

Not at all true. 

>Sanchez is pretty much constantly exposed to attacks he shouldn't have to deal with because our fullbacks and the defensive midfielder in front of him are worse.

Which is why we need Toby who's at least proven in the games he can still maintain position properly.  Sanchez is still learning that.  We need to bring Toby back; switch to a back 3 and move Sanchez to a position where he has less responsibility, can be an effective Sweeper and also get better.  It's a win win.  

>That doesn't mean our possession play is worse.

Our attacks from the back aren't as good without Toby.  We rely much more of isolating Son on the left which is low percentage style of attack.  

>No where near as good as last season and will not change our performances 

You're being absurd.  Wanyama is fine. He just doesn't suit the back 4 as well as Dier.  You are literally dressing down our players to make a stupid argument against Toby.  For fucks sake, Wanyama had the goal of the season.  He's himself.  

>Dier has stagnated stop with trying to talk about tactics it's embarrassing. Regurgitated waffle.

Dier has not stagnated. Your are regurgitating bullshit over and over again. 

>He has played less games and started off slower due to his injuries.

He's played the same amount of games in the same amount of time.  And he's playing the full 90 much more often. 

>Not just attack Walker is a better defender than Aurier and Trippier.

Defensively, it doesn't matter as Trippier doesn't get as forward so he doesn't have to recover as much.  He's usually in good position to defend.  The defensive record between the two is the same.  Defensively, there's no difference between them; except when Aurier gets red cards.

>But he's not.

Except he is.

>No because he would've been exposed to more attacks due to Tripper being to slow.

No, fullbacks don't affect attacks that grow though the pitch centrally.  And even then, having Toby would have given us a better chance.  

>He really didn't.

He did. 

>We finished 11 points off them...if it was a realistic challenge it would be much closer than double digits.

Because we stopped playing after the Chelsea game.  If you are arguing we weren't in the title chase the last two years, you clearly don't watch football.  

>Was never in it throughout the season and Chelsea never looked in doubt. 

We were putting pressure on them towards the end.  It was a bad result against West Ham that doomed us. 

>It's a different squad and different circumstances.

Yeah, it's missing our best defender.

>Liverpool is a good team, United have spent money.

We have a better starting squad (when healthy) than the both of them and a better manager.  

>We can do that without Toby. We've done it for the majority of the season already.

As I've explained, we've taken a step back.  

>Uhhh no I didn't

You did.  You don't even know what you're saying.  

>No the point was you thought moving to a back 3 would help us emulate our performances from last year.

It would make us a better squad this season.  

>And what happens when Toby leaves and we have to go back to a back four? Let the learn how to defend in a back 4 and they will learn how to play their position properly

I'm focused on this season.  

>Stop promoting bad habits

Likewise. Don't give up on the FA cup and don't take the Top 4 spots for granted.



> His intention might not have been to specifically compare the two

Exactly.  Don't put words in his mouth to support your own stupidity.  

>100X better why?

These are the people who've revolutionized the game and influenced the way everyone plays. 

>You don't win those by losing either

Sure.  Scoring goals and defending goals are equally important.  

>It wasn't redundant because you are still trying to argue that offensively fucking up is equal to a defensive fuck up.

Which it is.  No team has won a title without scoring a lot of goals.  Even Mourinho's chelsea title teams scored lots of goals.  2nd most in 14/15.  The fact that Liverpool came close in 13/14 with 50(!) goals allowed completely invalidates your argument that defending goals is more important than scoring goals.  

>The fact you've tried to dismiss Ferguson's quote still speaks volumes

It speaks nothing especially as you acknowledged you took his quote to mean something else than what he said. 

>"Great ones like Toby (instantly regain their form)"........."It's ridiculous for me to assume that after a couple of games to knock off rust, Toby will get back to the form he displayed for the last two seasons?"

>You don't know what you're saying.

Are you serious?  You're nitpicking my words.  Initially, I was a little hyperbolic, sure, but the last two comments I've been clear.  He was a little rusty in his first two matches, but BY NOW, he should be fine; certainly at or above Sanchez's level.

If you don't know what I'm saying, it's because you're intentionally ignoring it.  You clearly don't have the best reading comprehension skills.  

>During the end of the season where teams are fighting for survival and to secure the best position possible, you believe is the best time to introduce a player who's been out for the majority of the season, has NOT impressed during his 2 cameos against weaker teams

Right now, he's should be back to 98-99%.  And yes, at the end of the season where it's the most difficult, I want our best defender on the pitch.  

>So why can't you apply that same thought for any goals we've shipped with Sanchez starting?

Because I'm looking at his overall play and Sanchez was at fault for the goals.  He was awful against Juve and responsible for the Dybala goal.  I like Sanchez, but he's not at Toby's level; not even close.  

And again, for the hundreth time, I don't see it as a competition between the two when the best play would be go back to back 3.  

>the best CB in the league yet he couldn't organise a defence against Rochdale?

It's not Toby's fault that Winks lost the ball in a dangerous area and Trippier and Foyth were too far ahead to recover in time.  For you to say Toby had to organize that just shows how little you know about football.  

>Why didn't the supposed "Best CB in the league" and "Our best player of the last 2 seasons" organise our defence against a relegation threatened league one side? Stop with the bloody excuses, it's a bore.

See above.  This is the stupidest thing you've wrote all thread.  You're stretching to new lows intellectually. 

>Surviving his absence proves he's not a necessity in our squad

Surviving isn't good enough.  We survived Kane's absence.  That doesn't mean he's not a necessity.  

>We are lower in the table for, once again a number of factors. I've already listed them if you don't know how to read properly that is not my problem.

You listed everything but the main reason which you've willfully ignored b/c you hate Toby for irrational reasons.  

>Correlation does not mean causation.

Except in this case it does.  When the best defender on the team is out and we happen to be worse off defensively, it very much is a causation.  

>No my logic is Toby has missed a majority of the season and we have a player who stepped up for an extended period of time.

Son stepped in last season for an extended period of time as well.  You're logic is stupid.

>That is why I started off that reply with "Kane missed two months", the case does not apply at all. No matter how much you want to force it.

Bullshit.  2 months is a long time and we survived Kane's absense much in the way we survived Toby's.  Your argument failed.  Stop floundering.  You're embarrasing yourself. 

>He's with a worse starting 11 than Toby has had and in his first season in a new league. 

He makes mistakes and has brushes with disaster that have nothing to do with who he's playing with. He's still learning how to play the position.  And right now, we have to prioritize the FA cup and the Top 4 finish.  We must use your best players to maximising our chances at success.  I haven't given up on this season unlike you.  

>No he hasn't and the injuries have blatantly caught up to him. He will not be able to consistently play next season.

He was barely able to play a full game last season.  This year, he's been able to play the full 90 many many games.  Who knows how his injuries will flair up, but he's unquestionably been better overall this season vs last.  

>Dier has pretty much stagnated

In the 4231, he's been solid.  Wanyama is available for the 343.  Both are on good form; it depends on the formation which one plays. Victor plays the back 3.  Dier plays in a back 4.  

>So you already understand the fullbacks are worse off yet you still wanted to give Sanchez stick? Dumb fucking cunt

Sanchez's mistakes have nothing to do with the fullbacks you dumb cunt. 

>No not really.

Oh yes really.  Toby is one of the best passing CBs in the league.  Sanchez hasn't shown that part of his game yet.  

>Well no. We no longer have the two best fullbacks in the league, we moved into a new stadium which too time to get used to, we have an older Dembele who started off the season slowly, and we don't have a great DM in Wanyama.

Wanyama is available. Dier is just better in a back 4; since he can more easily slot in between the two CBs for our Bielsa 3313 offensive play.  Wanyama is better suited for the 343 where he's shields the ball more.   Dembele has been better this season.  The loss of Walker affects our attack more than our defense (loss of width via overlap).  

Toby is our biggest loss by far.  

>The 4-1 wouldn't have happened if Rose wasn't rubbish and Trippier wasn't slow. Toby wouldn't have prevented that.

Oh yes he would have.  Dier was playing in Toby's spot was absolutely dreadful.  

>The irony is you're telling me to take time out and think about what I'm typing and in the very next sentence said Toby's importance to our team is the same as Messi's to Barcelona.

You really suffer from bad reading comprehension.  I'm comparing Toby and Messi you idiot.  I'm saying your the dumb idiot who (if you were a Barca fan) would probably argue that they could survive without Messi.  That's how dumb your arguments are.  

>We were knocked out of the champions league with Toby playing

He played amazingly in those games.  Problem was more Kane was missing b/c of injury in key games.  

>At no point during Toby's time here have we competed realistically for the title.

Are you serious?  The season when Leicester won?  We were within reaching distance of Chelsea last season.  We were close.  If only we had more depth; we would have won.  

>We have been good this season

Compared to where we were the last 2 seasons; barely hanging on to 4th isn't good.  Being behind Liverpool and United (especially them) is embarrassing.  We survived and with Toby back, we can make a push to hold off chelsea; maybe even go higher up the table and give ourselves a real chance at the FA cup.  

>Again with the Messi comparison lol?

You're the one who make that argument.  

>What the formation lets us do with the fullbacks is irrelevant, I'm not arguing about that.

Then you're an idiot, b/c that's the point.  Our fullbacks are worse, but the back 3 makes their jobs easier; especially Trippier's/Auriers.  Toby would be behind them to protect them in ways Sanchez just can't atm. (He's better off playing centrally as a SW).  

> But he's directly compared the two. If attack wins you games but defence wins you titles, he obviously values a good defence more than a good attack.

No, he said a good defense is important for winning titles.  It's not a comparison of the two; just an affirmation that good defense is important.  You're taking what he said to mean something else.  And even then, Pep Guardiola and Johan Cruyff, who are a hundred times better than Fergie, have consistently talked about how important it is to score goals; even more so than defense.  Listen to those masters instead of butchering some quote from Fergie to mean something that it is not.  

>Right but defending well will at the minimum still give you a point Ergo defence is more important.

You don't win titles and cups without winning. 

>No you completely did ignore it because you cut off the quote at the point I mentioned it.

Are you fucking serious.  You really are a fucking idiot.  I didn't quote your fucking example because it was redunant.  You were making the point with Liverpool that defense was important, something I agree with, and I addressed it.

Learn some basic reading comprehension you twat.  

>Toby will go straight back into top form after a game because all great defenders do (really stupid btw), to he'll need two games and then he'll be back in top form (how'd you work that one out?) to he'll need a couple of games to get back into top form.

I'm saying he's going to get back into top form within reasonable time.  And during the business end of the season, during the FA cup final for example; his presence is a positive.  How is this hard to understand?  Are you really that much of an idiot?

>But the score was 2-2 so he obviously didn't.

Every defender is not responsible for every goal.  His positioning on those goals was perfect.  Winks gave the ball away for the first goal and Foyth and Trippier were ill-positioned to recover. Toby did all he could.  The second goal was absolute luck by Rochdale.  Toby defended the cross getting his head to it.  You can't blame him because a Rochdale player just happened to be in the right spot.  

>No he's not and no it isn't. We have LITERALLY just gone the season without him pretty much.

And we're LITERALLY worse off than we were last season moron. 

>He's been here 3 years but you think he loves Tottenham? Are you braindead?

He's actually said and tweeted his loves Spurs; so I'll take him at his word.  You've only convinced yourself that Toby is someone he's not.  

>I think his number one goal is to get a big contract whatever club it may be.

You think a lot of dumb shit.  He's asked for a reasonable contract that's still lower than what the top players like VVD make.  You're thinking is false and stupid.  

>Uh huh

Good response.  I glad you agree you're a moron.

>There. We. Fucking. Go.

Surviving his absence isn't the same thing as playing at the same high level.  We are lower in the tablet and conceding more goals in his absence.  We were number 1 when he was here.  Number 3 without.  THERE. YOU. FUCKING. GO.

>Kane missed 2 months and we had no options at his level, near his level or with the potential to reach his level. Not similar cases try again.

That's not what I asked.  Read carefully.  By your logic, since we did well during Kane's absence, Kane is therefore not important.  That's your logic.  And btw, Davinson is good, but he's not anywhere near Toby's level.  

>Nope not really. Slower fullbacks, a worse DM in Dier, Moussa getting older

Moussa has played better this season than last year.  And Dier has played well in the 4231.  The fullbacks are the reason why Davinson gets caught out and makes mistakes at times.  Our possession play without Toby is worse.  

>Like I already explained there are so many other reasons.

No, there are not.  You're willfully ignoring the biggest reason b/c you're a dumb bitch.  

>No that's what happens when you switch stadiums and let 4 past you against the team in first. If that 4-1 never happened our goals conceded would be 21 which is 2nd best and 1 behind City.

4-1 wouldn't have happened with Toby.  We were better with Toby last year.  Don't squirm your way to deny facts.

>Oh fucking wow, the amount of irony in this is actually crazy looooooooool

There's no irony.  (Do you even know what that means?)  You've come up with the shitiest of reasons and weakest of arguments to attack our best defender over the past two seasons.  It's absolutely disgusting and shameful how low you've gone.  

>So you agree we are a good team with a good squad and have been able to survive without him, but you also think he's a necessity and comparable to Messi and Barcelona?

Being good is not the same as being great.  Competing for top 4 is not the same as competing for titles.  I'm sorry if I have greater ambitions that you.  I want to win trophies and see Tottenham become the best.  You're a luddite who's apparently comfortable just hanging around.  You should go be a Arsenal fan.   The amount of times you've argued that we've been good this season is testament to your lack of ambition.  Barcelona would be "okay" without Messi and you have proven throughout this debate that you are the idiot fan who would actually like that.  

>And like I said the fullbacks aren't good enough. You think we're gonna emulate the same form as last year by switching to a back 3 but the fullbacks once again, are not good enough going forward.

And like I said the fullbacks are same no matter what formation.  The Back 3 allows us the fullbacks to have less responsibility and concentrate more on attack as opposed to tracking back which they do a lot more of in the back 4.  Do you just not understand the differences between the back 3 and back 4?





A pre-season isn't going to turn bench players who struggle in small matches into world beaters who can help us compete for a title.  Juan Foyth isn't going to all of a sudden turn into the best CB in the prem; at least not next season.  

The process is one thing.  Like I said, I understand the decisions that are being made.  My only point is that these are NOT things to take positively.  Selling Kyle Walker was a bad move, a move we had little choice to make, but still a bad move.  Same thing that looks to be happening with Toby and Rose.  When Harry Kane leaves and Poch leaves, there will be no positives from that.  

The only positive is that we have been fortunate to rebuild quickly.  When Berbatov left, we were bad for a while, but then the Bale/Modric era came.  When that era ended, we were bad again, but then Poch/Kane/Toby happened.  This era is on the wane and it will be bad for a while afterwards, but maybe the next time we assemble a good core, we can afford to keep those players. 
The idea is fine, but it doesn't practically exist.  It's the same thing as wanting a car than turns into an airplane.  You'll have to make [serious compromises](https://static.designboom.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/autogyro-gyrodrive-flying-car-designboom-06-16-2017-500-thumb.jpg) in order to make that a reality.  

Right now you have one device that's great as a tablet and another that's great as a laptop.   Combine the two would make UIs that clash with each mode.  Tablet UIs are too basic and simple to be effective used with mice and keyboards compared to Desktop UIs.  And conversely Desktop UIs are too overbearing and small to be comfortably used by touch.  

Hardware wise, you'll have to deal with a smaller screen compared to a laptop and other possible compromises. The Surface Pro can't exactly be used comfortably on the lap for example.  Compared to the iPad you're probably looking at a converged device that's bulkier and heavier. 

Again, there's a difference between doing fine and competiting for a title.  We were clearly a better team last year with the likes of Walker and a healthy Toby and Rose.  

Playing great is better than playing okay.   And I'm sorry, there is no good justification or praise to be given when we aren't playing as good.  It's not strong leadership; it's nothing.  It's an unfortunate acceptance of our team's window closing.  

I understand the reality of the situation and economics that surround these decisions.  But it's still bad we're losing these players.  

>That's Foyth, Sanchez, Aurier & Lucas who will be considerably better come September.

That's exactly what people would say after Berbatov, Modric, and Bale were sold.  There's nothing positive about putting your head in the sand and saying everything is going to be okay.  

At the current rate of turnover, in two years time, we probably won't have Ericksen, Dier, Vertonghen, Kane, and more than likely Poch in addition to Toby and Rose likely leaving in the summer.

Our short term future is dark.  The only positive is that the next time we have a squad/manager combination like we just had with Poch and the boys, our stadium revenue will hopefully allow us to keep them longer together.
Productive in what way?  Are you actually handwriting things on the Surface?  How often?  I can understand if your job was a niche thing like an artist or salesman or something. But for the average person; I'm struggling to understand when they would actually use it as a tablet.  

Also, does the Surface work great as a computer?  To me, it seems the screen is small (compared to regular 13 inch laptops) and it isn't great being used on a lap; like a laptop.  
Losing our best players isn't good.  I don't think Poch has much choice in the matter, but it's certainly not strong leadership.

We've been hurt by Walker leaving.  Toby leaving would be a huge blow.  It's not easy to replace the best CB in the league.  
>No I'm saying fucking up in defence is a bigger problem than fucking up attacking.

>Considering Fergie said the actual quote, I don't know how he would disagree.

You're reading Fergie's quote into something that it isn't.  All he's saying is defense is important, not that defending goals is more important than scoring them.  

Fucking up attacks and not scoring won't help anyone win games.  Ergo scoring is just as important as defense.

>Well no, you won't get anywhere far if you cannot defend competently. You also understand this because you ignored the Liverpool example completely.

No, you fucking idiot, I did not ignore your Liverpool example.  It's why I said defense is important.  You really lack any basic reading comprehension.  

>I don't think you even know what your words are considering you constantly change your opinion depending on how stupid it sounds.

My opinion has been consistent and I've explained it as need be.  Your on the other hand are a hypocritical mess who can't read straight or even make a cohesive argument.  You really suck at this.  For fucks sake, you throw up some quote or analogy and think it solves your argument, it's fucking pathetic.  

>It's stupid to assume he's going to get back to top form when he couldn't even do it against Rochdale,

Rochdale was his second game.  It's stupid to expect a player to get back to top top form that quickly.  Even then, he played as well as Sanchez normally does in that game.  His positioning was excellent.  He just wasn't his great usual self with his cross field passes, but he was where he needed to be at all times.  He made excellent tackles throughout the game.  

>Right he's not Toby level so that's why we should give him the experience over Toby who wants to leave. We've gone with a 4 at the back the whole season there is no point in shifting into a 3 at the back just to accommodate a player that wants to leave.

You're still on this stupid point? For fucks sake.  Why are you prioritizing the future over the important results this season?  It's fucking madness.  FA cup and Top 4 are important.  Nothing else matters.  Toby has never said he wants to leave anyways (despite your ridiculous assertions otherwise).  There's always the possibility he might sign a new contract after the season is done.  

>We have 8 games left and Vertonghen will be playing, so I wouldn't worry about our best defender not being in a final.

Toby is our best defender and not having him in the squad is moronic and irresponsible.  

>But he does want to leave,

No, he just wants a new contract.  It's big fucking difference.  You don't think it's possible he actually loves Tottenham, but also wants a fair contract at the same time?  You don't think his number 1 choice would be to stay here with a fair deal?  Reports are he's asking for 150K, which is still less than what VVD reportedly makes.   

>Back to this point I see? Is this what you go to when you realise how dumb you're sounding?

I'm the person calling the best CB in the prem good.  You're the moron saying he would hurt us if he played for us.  

>Explain to me how our apparent best defender has missed a majority of the season but we are 4th in the league and 4 points off second? How does that work?

Because we still have a good team and a good squad and we've been able to survive his absence.  Kane missed extended time last season as well.  Does that mean he's any less valuable?  

And again, our form this season is still down compared to where we were the last 2 years and the absence of Toby Alderweireld is a big part of that.  

>How is it we're missing our supposed best defender but somehow we've conceded the 3rd least goals in the league? 2 off United (A team with a defensive manager) and 5 off City who have dominated the league? (And who put 4 past us).

Those are good stats, but you've completely ignored my point (see you're the one who ignores things) that those stats ARE WORSE THAN THE LAST 2 YEARS WHEN HE HAD TOBY!!!!!.  

We had the best defense in the league with Toby and now, as you pointed out, we down to 3rd.  That's what happens when the best defender on the team is out.  

Time out for a second man, just think about what your typing for literally one second.  You've just argued that Toby isn't a great defender; that we don't need him.  How insane is that.  It's like a Barcelona fan saying they don't need Messi.  You're one of those idiots.  Just realize that.  

>And they are not good enough to emulate the performances of last year.

>If we move to a back 3 Ii'd rather have a player who wants to be here next year than a player that doesn't.

See, you ignored what I wrote again.  It's convenient how you do that and then accuse me of such things. Like I said before; the fullbacks we have are the same in whatever formation we play, back 4 or back 3.  But with a back 3, it still allows us to make the most of them.   It actually removes the defensive pressure from players even slow ones like Davies and Trippier because the extra defender means 2 of the 3 CBS can guard the flanks.   That way Trippier and Davies can play forward and provide width and passing without worrying as much about the counterattack.  

  



I really don't want to see him in a Manchester United shirt.  
With exception of a few niche environments, I don't understand the general usecases for these convergence devices.  When does the average person need to use the desktop environment with touch or vice versa?

The desktop UI and touch UI are significantly different and devices should maximize each form factor instead of trying to shoehorn both into one device that basically ends up a big compromise.  

Like with Surface Pro users, pretty much all them (except for artists) use it as a laptop.  They are just in windows.  So why not just get a laptop that works well as a laptop?
>not what I'm talking about and not what Ferguson is talking about.

You're trying to argue that defending goals is more important than scoring goals.  Fergie isn't even saying that explicitly and considering the money Fergie spent on attacking players over the years, I doubt he agrees with your take either.

>A good team is built on the foundation of a good defense

Sure, good teams are built on a lot of things.  Defense is important (which is why I want to play the leagues best CB when it comes to us in the FA cup and Top 4 chase), but that doesn't mean that scoring goals are less valuble.  Saying that is absolute garbage. You can't win if you don't score.  

>No he wasn't. Kane, Dembele, and even Eriksen are all competing for our best player of the last 2 seasons.

Are you that incredulus you have to change history to support your idiocy.  Toby was voted player of the year 15/16 and was widely celebrated by supporters last year as well.  We have many good players, but Toby was the player that took us from a top 6 side to a top 3 side.

>We are currently fourth and he's missed a majority of the season, defensively we've been great and we've conceded the 3rd least amount of goals. Your opinions just flat out do not match the stats.

We're playing well, but not as well as we did with Toby playing with us.  Our defensive record was better with Toby and our position in the table was higher as well.  

>But it was good enough for you when it was Toby being part of a defence which saw us concede 2 against Rochdale? What is with this blatant bias?

Don't twist my words.  I said he was fine in the context of that being only the second game back from injury.  Obviously, I except him to play much better, the way he usually does, down the stretch given who he is and what he's done the past two years.  

Davinson is playing well, but he is not at Toby's level.  And for the hundredth time, if Toby comes back, Poch would likely shift back to a back 3 given how great we play in that formation.  

>Not when 75% of the league is done. There's 8 games left, no point in wasting those on him if he wants to leave. Let the current team build chemistry and gain experience.

We have a little less than 2 months left.  It's not wasting anything.  Particularly if we get to the FA cup final, we should have our best defender.  

>Plus he wants to leave and him returning to the starting 11 wll take it away from a player that is locked in which is not fair at all.

Stop saying he wants to leave.  It's just insanity.  I don't give a shit about unfairness. It's about having the best squad period for this important stretch. 

If you really don't think Toby Alderweireld is good enough, you're a fucking idiot. 

>Again no he's not. The fact we're fourth and he's missed a majority of the season should tell you something already. Way bigger factors involved than him.

Completely wrong.

>Of course

Glad you agree.

>lol, so for Sanchez "fine isn't good enough" but for everyone else it is?

Because Toby is the better player.  If Davies or Dier was better, then I wouldn't be saying that.  

>We flat out don't have the fullbacks to emulate our performances last year.

The fullbacks we have are going to play regardless.  The security of the back 3 plus the overloads it allows in midfield with Vert and Toby moving forward still make us better than the back 4.
He was not at fault for either goal against Rochdale.  Watch again.  And it was his second game back. It's natural for him to be a little rusty.  

But over the course of the season and the FA cup, clearly we'll be better with the best CB in the league than without him, no?
We switched to a back 4 after Toby got hurt.  Especially as Kane is out right now, there's no reason we can't play a back 3 with Son. 

And you didn't answer my question?  Why isn't anything other than winning the FA cup and finishing in the top 4 a priority.
First off, I don't understand why you anti-Toby lot have made it seem like this is a choice between him or Sanchez when ideally Poch likes playing a back 3.  But even then, why are you prioritizing anything else other than finishing in the top 4 and winning the FA cup?

>if he wants minutes, he should give the club a reason to give him some...

Winning the FA cup and staying in the top 4 isn't enough of a reason?

And let's be clear, he hasn't asked to leave.  He's asked for a new contract.  To cast him off like that is sad and disrespectful given how well he's played and elevated us over the past two years. 
I'm not twisting anyone's words.  You're the one who twisted mine.  

I've simply said the only thing that matters is winning the FA cup and finishing in the top 4.  Playing Toby is the best way to accomplish that.  

Explain to me why that isn't the most important thing for you? 

You don't think finishing in the top 4 this season and winning the FA cup is important?  

Why do you even watch football then?  
>he could have signed a one year and then asked for a transfer at the end of the season. give respect, get respect.

How does that make any sense whatsoever?  Does a player not have the right to see out his contract?
Saying Toby doesn't want to be here is harsh and unfair.  Also, Davinson isn't important.  Winning the FA cup and finishing in the top 4 is important.  

Playing Toby is key to securing those competitions.  Also, we'd probably go back to a back 3 with Toby so it wouldn't hinder Sanchez anyways.  
It wasn't objectively worse.  A lot of critics actually preferred it.  The plastic they used was high quality.  Also, it wasn't a budget phone in that Apple never advertised it that way.  
>He is one of the most successful managers of all time wtf? You don't know what Pep or Cruyff have said so there's no point in mentioning their names AT ALL. To dismiss that just because you "think" other great managers won't agree is dumb.

Pep and Cryuff have consistently talked about attacking football and scoring goals.  Cryuff has quotes criticising Italian managers for their approach.  

Saying that defending goals is more important than scoring goals is sheer nonsense.

> I just gave you a list of reasons why we're not like we were last season and it's not because we've not been playing in a back 3.

Toby was our best player over the last 2 seasons.  He's absence is a big part as well of why we haven't been as good.  To completely ignore that is nonsense and stupidity.  

>He was fine in those games

Fine isn't good enough.  

>the fact of the matter is he wants to leave.

Just because you have convinced yourself of this doesn't make it true.  

It's also still irrelevant. Even if he wants to leave, he gives us the best chance of playing our best football.  

>it's stupid to accommodate him in the team when they've been doing so well without him. 

He's our best player.  We won't be accommodating him, we will be using him for his strengths and skill.  We've just lost to Juve giving up 2 goals in five minutes.  Just because we've beaten bad teams and won games we should be winning doesn't mean we are doing as well as we can. 

>out of form player who's missed half a season coming in at a critical point isn't going to miraculously boost our chances of top 4

He's our best player over the past 2 years.  How quickly you've forgotten that is criminally pathetic and shameful.  

>Wanyama is not playing great and no where near last seasons form.

>Rose has been rubbish since coming back from his injury and has put in some dreadful performances.

>Trippier and Aurier are no where near Walker, which has been exposed numerous times in the season

You are absolutely hopeless.  You have nothing more than lies, exaggerations, and hypocrisy all because your a dolt who's written off our best player.  Rose and Wanyama have been working their way back and have been solid recently.  Trippier and Aurier aren't as good as Walker obviously, but they are good enough.  Our back 3 system with these players gives us the tactical flexibility to play our best football emphasizing our skills and minimizing our weaknesses. 
Sure, people will take it if they had no choice, but to your point, when given a choice, they stayed away from plastic and choose metal. 
It's one of the points raised in the article.
wireless charging is overrated.  It's one thing if it actually charged at a reasonable rate, but it's almost always excruciatingly slow.  Unless Google's doing something unique with wireless charging, I could care less.  
The 5c line was abandoned though; so I don't think it's fair to say people will buy plastic if the iPhone has it.  They didn't seem to care much for it when it did.  
The galaxy plastic was absolutely shit though.  I had 2 of those phones and after a year, pieces were literally missing and cracked.  That's much worse than having dented or scratched metal.

Fwiw, when Apple did a plastic phone, they actually did make high quality because they made the plastic really thick and solid.  Nokia used to the do the same thing.  The problem with that of course is now the phone is thicker; and with screens being as big as they are; that's not a good thing.  
Exactly.  Truth is most of beat writers have terrible basketball opinions. And it's not really all that different with beat writers from other sports as well.  Like has Sal Paolantonio ever had an intelligent football opinion?  I don't think so.  

There are few exceptions like Derek Godner Bodner, but it's few and far between.  The reporting is what matters here.  Sarah Todd is a decent enough reporter; it's actually really annoying that almost every time, someone has to bring up her shitty takes on every tweet that's posted here.  
Yea, I was talking in general with that sentence.
>and then type this right after? How does someone just dismiss and Alex Ferguson quote on this topic just because they don't know how to reply to it?

What?  Alex Ferguson isn't the king of football and I'm pretty sure other greater managers like Pep or Cruyff wouldn't agree with that quote one bit.  Scoring goals is just as important if not more important than stopping goals. 

>Ridiculous assumption and guess.

>And Toby has already played two games and an international game. 

>He was average in both and one of those games was a 2-2 draw against Rochdale who were near the bottom of league one...

It's ridiculous for me to assume that after a couple of games to knock off rust, Toby will get back to the form he displayed for the last two seasons?  No, that's not ridiculous, it's common sense. Your argument that he's going to suck is laughably absurd.

>We haven't missed Toby at all, I'm sorry to say. We've missed Walker, we've missed Rose being in top form, Sanchez has slotted in perfectly.

You're a fucking idiot then.  We're nothing like we were last season. Sanchez has been fine but without Toby, we haven't been able to field the back 3 which made us great.  

>No I'm not. We are literally in the top 4 and he's missed a majority of the season. We didn't miss him against alot of those teams.

Oh we absolutely did.  Sanchez wasn't great in those games and at the very least, the back 3 would have given us greater security and control. 

>And it's pathetic you're willing to put a player who's wants to leave over the club.

He has never said he wants to leave.  That is a ridiculous assertion you've come up on your own.  He was posting things on social media throughout his injury spell about him loving the club.  He just wants a contract that pays him the wages he deserves for his class and skill.  

>the fact of the matter is he wants to leave

No, it's your fucking delusional bullshit.  

>Therefore he wants to leave. You can try spin however you want but that's the reality at the end of the day.

You're the only one spinning it.  Just because he the club and him haven't agreed to terms yet doesn't mean he wants to leave.  Your making a leap in logic.  

Even then, it doesn't matter.  Unless you don't care about putting out the best team to stay in the top 4 and win the FA cup, it doesn't matter.  

>We have a worse RB, a worse LB, and a worse DM in Dier. To compare last season and this season when the defence is completely different is useless

The defense isn't completely different.  Wanyama is still there and fit and he's playing well.  Rose has been getting back to form as well.  He played well on England duty.  Trippier/Aurier are fine.  
Our team is more than just Harry Kane.  He actually hasn't played as well this season. 
[OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!](https://giphy.com/gifs/excited-screaming-jonah-hill-5GoVLqeAOo6PK?utm_source=media-link&utm_medium=landing&utm_campaign=Media%20Links&utm_term=)
I hope so.  I like him as well, particularly since he's moved to a back 3. But calling players out like that is just same old shitty English manager dumbshit that needs to die. 
>Goals lose games, and can completely change the momentum of games.

And scoring goals isn't as important in your eyes? It's insane. You must love Tony Pulis.  

Btw, I didn't ignore what you wrote, I just didn't bother to quote it.  

>Well you are saying that because earlier you tried to argue that "Great defenders go straight back into top form". We are in a critical point in the season I'd rather not risk a player who's not in top form and completely out of sync with the rest of the team.

They'll go straight back to top form within a game.  And Toby has already played two games and an international game.  I'm confident he's at least 99% and that's still the best CB in the world level.  

>Ridiculous point. We've got to this position without him.

We're worse off than last season.  What about our position this season are you proud off?   We've absolutely missed his presence.

>Toby was at fault because he was not prepared for the counter attack.

Oh please, that's a ridiculous criticism to level against a CB.  He was playing with backup players.  He didn't make any mistakes and his positioning was good.  That's what matters.  

>If he was good we wouldn't be drawing against a league 2 side.

You're holding him to ridiculous standards.  Its his fault we drew to Rochdale?  For fucks sake.

>How can you say we need him when we've got into the top 4 without him? Why are you literally ignoring facts?

Are you? With Toby we were playing much better.   We missed him on many occasions, particularly against Juventus, but also Arsenal, Leicester, Liverpool, West Ham, etc etc.  

It's pathetic you've forgetting how good we've been the last two seasons with Toby.  Quite frankly, it's pathetic the way you've turned your back on him despite the way he's lifted our club. 

>he wants to leave.

Where are you getting that?  All we know is that he wants his contract first and foremost and wants to be paid the same level other top players are paid.  

The leaps in logic you anti-Toby people have made are absolutely shameful.  

>Why go to a back 3 just to accommodate a player who wants to leave?

No, because we were a much better team with the back 3.  What we did last season with the back 3 was incredible. 

Btw, you missed my edit to include responses to your other ridiculous points, so here:

>The season is around 9 months...a few months is would be almost half a season. The fact you're trying to dismiss that is dumb. 

I'm not dismissing it. I'm calling it what it is.  He was out 4 months with a hamstring injury.  There's no reason to think he wouldn't be back to normal for the killer stretch of the season

>If he had extended his contract I would be saying something else because I would understand he is here long term...but he wants to leave so I'm saying something else.

You are a total fucking hypocrite.  The only thing that matters right now is the Top 4 or FA cup.  His contract or status next season is not of importance.  Bedding in Sanchez even more is not of importance.

Only the FA cup and Top 4 are of importance. That's it!  Fuck next season.  

 If you think he's good enough to play with a new contract, then he's good enough to play on an expiring one.  So, stop trying to play both sides and tell me what you really think and answer the question you've been dodging the entire time. Do you think Toby is good enough or not?
It's about whether that time is worth it to teachers. 
The point is that effort isn't worth the time of our already exhausted, overworked, and underpaid teachers.
>Well not really. A defensive fuck up most likely means a goal scored, an offensive fuck up most likely means a goal missed.

No, yes really.  You don't win games without scoring goals.  They are just as important.  This is a completely ludricrous point you're trying to make. 

>Pretty much common sense that a player out for months will not hop straight back into peak form

I'm not saying he'll hop back into peak form right away, but after a game or two he should be fine.  And down the stretch, his presence is important.  We're a better side with him than without him. 

Unless you don't care about winning the FA cup or finishing in the top 4 this season, then Toby should be playing. 

>What were the results of those games he played?

A 2-0 win and a 2-2 draw.  And fwiw, in that draw. The first goal was Harry Winks fault and the second goal was pure luck by Rochdale.  Toby did a job deflecting the cross, but it unfortunately went right to a Rochdale player for a goal.  

He was fine in those games. The only criticism is that he wasn't doing his trademark passes, but he was good in both games.  

>That's not what it boils down to, we shouldn't play him because we're in a critical point of the season, he is still not in match form and he wants to leave by all private accounts. Why waste games on him?

We're not wasting games because WE NEED HIM!!!!  For fucks sake man, do you actually believe the best way for us to finish in the top 4 and win the FA cup is with Toby on the bench?  Seriously?

>he's not shown he's ready to displace our Sanchez.

Fwiw, he doesn't have to displace Sanchez.  I personally want to go back to the back 3, especially with Kane out.  

>The season is around 9 months...a few months is would be almost half a season. The fact you're trying to dismiss that is dumb. 

I'm not dismissing it. I'm calling it what it is.  He was out 4 months with a hamstring injury.  There's no reason to think he wouldn't be back to normal for the killer stretch of the season

>If he had extended his contract I would be saying something else because I would understand he is here long term...but he wants to leave so I'm saying something else.

You are a total fucking hypocrite.  The only thing that matters right now is the Top 4 or FA cup.  His contract or status next season is not of importance.  Bedding in Sanchez even more is not of importance.

Only the FA cup and Top 4 are of importance. That's it!  Fuck next season.  

 If you think he's good enough to play with a new contract, then he's good enough to play on an expiring one.  So, stop trying to play both sides and tell me what you really think and answer the question you've been dodging the entire time. Do you think Toby is good enough or not?
There's two problems with Apple's education policy.  

The first is cost.  However, Apple's never been a company that's chased market share, so that's really not that big a problem as long as rich schools are willing to buy their stuff.  

But then, that drives to the second problem.   Is Apple's stuff here actually good?  Is it worth a premium?  I haven't seen any evidence of that whatsoever.  Would richer schools want iPads over Chromebooks or windows machines?  Hell, if they're rich enough, they'll probably just buy MacBooks.  
>There is absolutely no argument here; the iPad is a better device for creative and STEM applications. It also does word processing and spreadsheets.

Is it better for those classes? Beyond drawing, what else is there? And also, for that creative stuff, is any of this technology actually better than physical tools.  Even for science stuff, would you rather disect a real frog or a digital one on an iPad?  

Also, I don't think it's true that the iPad will have some app advantage (assuming schools even want apps to begin with)

As far as word processing goes, the iPad doesn't have a physical keyboard nor supports a keyboard attachment like the pro models.   
>It’s likely the better, higher quality education apps are going to be on iOS.

That's a huge question mark which I don't see any evidence of happening.  Let alone the question of whether or not schools actually need or want education apps to begin with. 
What schools are using GarageBand?  
Jose Mourinho, long may he reign at Manchester United. 
There's nothing wrong with that.  Especially since it's obvious.  Because of the release clause, we have to sell him if he's not re-signed.  And no, what his agent says is not the same thing as what he says.  

The bottom line is he'd sign if he was given a contract offer that's commiserate with his skills and class as any player would.  He hasn't submitted a transfer request.

And no matter the contract dispute, it doesn't justify freezing him out when we need him to finish in the top 4 and compete for the FA cup this year. 
Give Poch Man United's money and he'll win every trophy.  You guys have quality and depth in positions we can't afford.  

Van Persie was finished by the time LvG arrived.  I think his biggest problem was that he had to accommodate Rooney.  But, I agree, he was a shit manager.  From my perspective, I don't see Jose as being much better.  He's benefitted from having the money to pay and have world class players.  

Do you really want Jose to be your manager next season?  I'll be happy as a Spurs fan to see him stay fwiw. 
He didn't play so much those final years.  He was on the Sixers bench injured during the process. 
I don't think False 9 is the right term for Son in that role. IIRC, false 9s drop into midfield.  I think Son is actually more of a 9 in the mold of Vardy or Defoe that can also play wide.  
I haven't seen as many games as Man United fans, but in the ones (the big games) I've seen, both are different degrees of shit.  The only positive I've seen for Mou is that he has better attacking players that pull magic out of the hat time to time.  In my opinion, both managers are outdated tactically.  
I think the blame goes more to whoever was in charge of your summer xfer policy.  Not sure if Koeman was totally in charge of that.  
I'll take your word for it, but are you sure that it's Jose being more attacking than LvG, or is it because he has more quality attackers than LvG had and has been a beneficiary of their ability to pull magic out of a hat?
Respect to Koeman here.  What are Everton even mad about?  A contract is a contract.  
He hasn't even said he wants to go, he just wants higher wages.  Saying he's abandoning us is incredibly harsh. And no, I don't blame a player for maximizing their skills and wanting to get paid what their worth.  Poch didn't accept a contract extension until Levy offered him the right amount of money.  Why should it be any different for the players?

>I can’t take you seriously as a football fan 

This is a man that's catapulted our team into one of the best in English football and you've completely abandoned him and insinuated bullshit about his character based solely because he hasn't accepted a contract extension; not because he's on strike or asked to leave, or anything of the sort.  

I don't respect you as a football fan if that's how you turn your back on our best players.  What are you going to do when Kane turns down a contract extension?  Your attitude is a disgrace.  
ITT: Manchester United fans attacking LVG for being boring; yet defending Mourinho even though he's just as boring. 
>Permission to keep metadata.

That's what asked for and given.  Facebook asked for data to run the SMS app and people opted into it.  You're being petty with your criticism here.

>Any source on that? The facebook app itself ask for contacts permission and collects phone call data. 

All the reports were about Facebook messenger asking for call data.  This isn't about the contacts permission.  That has nothing to do with call data. The Facebook app itself didn't collect call data.  

>TIL, asking to see something and making its record in a database is the same thing.

Yes.  It's insane you think otherwise.  It's like saying students have to ask teachers permission to take notes on their lectures.  

>No, they don't.

They do since it's all based off the Sim card and phone data. And especially since the app had a call button, they need call data to facilitate that particular feature. 

>Which you can use to make call through the app. Or if the person on the other end is not using messenger, it transfers you to phone app

It makes the call through the dialer, not just transferring you there.  
Apparently, this is a right wing website.  A lot of them having been trying to deflect attention since this CA story came out.  
So, someone posted the equivalent of Breitbart here?  That's lame. 
>I am upset they didn't ask permission for doing this if this was their intention. 

Again, they did ask for permission and users granted it.  What other permission are you asking for?

>But even the facebook app scrapes call data even before messenger was a thing. 

No, this is false.  All this call data was from data gathered by Messenger.

>You can have 10. 

At the same time, you cannot.  Only 1 app at a time can behave as the conduit for SMS. 

>Ohh so calling out a company for its unethical behaviour and taking advantage of android's permission is being stupid.

No, you're being stupid.  Facebook asked for permission too see call data and users granted it.  You're not making much sense at all.  I don't think you fully understand what's even happening here.  

>Then ask the permission for that. 

They did.  Do you want companies to ask a 100 permissions for the same thing?  You're not making any sense whatsoever.  

>because we used messenger app as an sms app. What about the call metadata? Why are you not trying to defend that? 

It's the same data.  SMS and call data go together.  After all, they had a call shortcut on the app.  Plus, Facebook also has a dialer app for Android called Hello.  
I just hope there wasn't anything political about the foul. 
>Do they ask permission to keep metadata? And leave that what about calls metadata, where they ask permission for contacts but keep the metadata about calls too.

They ask for permission to see the data.  Are you upset because they wrote it down?  Seriously?

>They are not, that's why fb was able to scrape call and sms metadata on androids but was not able to do so on iOS.

Because the iOS Facebook app doesn't have the SMS feature.  

>Android didn't have a permissions system before marshmallow and even after that it is not granular, it gives blanket permissions. 

No, this particular thing wasn't called permission, but was always opt-in. You can only have one 1 SMS app at a time.  

>Does not change the fact that permission was granted for a specific purpose and not for keeping a record of who I am talking to and when on fb's servers.

You're being incredibly stupid, all due respect.  If you give a service the permission to see data, they're going to write it down. 
What the fuck is order-order.com?
>And what about the fact that they don't ask for permission about it? Just because android's permission system is fucked up does not make their abuse of it any less problematic. 

What the hell are you talking about?  Facebook asked for permission from users to see their SMS and Texts.  People had to **OPT-IN** for that service. 

Androids permissions are perfectly fine. If you don't want apps and services to put your data on their servers, then don't give them permission to see it.  

It's not hard man.  It's really not.  I didn't give Facebook any of my data as an Android user because I never opted into that particular SMS service. I was perfectly content using the regular SMS app. 
>Doing the best for the club doesn't always mean playing the best players every match. 

That's absolutely insane and wrong.  Winning games is easier with the best players.

>Why would we want to play a disinterested player

Where the hell are making the leap that Toby is disinterested?  Seriously, wtf?
How the fuck is he being a twat?  

For not signing a contract extension of all things?  Jesus Christ.
There's nothing more I hate than managers making public assassinations like this without specifics.  

If it's bad enough you need to embarrass a player publicily for something, then be specific.  Otherwise, handle it behind closed doors like a man.   

Edit: apparently, this was click bait and Southgate never actually said grow-up?
If a person was giving Facebook of all companies access to their SMS, then they should assume that Facebook is taking some of that info as well.  

When you give permission to an app to see something, it's completely reasonable to assume they might write down what they see.  That's not just Facebook, Android or iOS.  

A better analogy is like giving someone access to your secrets and being outraged because they wrote it down. 

You can't expect to be babied about this things.  You either have common sense or don't.  
>we might reasonably be saying he is asking for too much? why must the player be right?

There is no right and wrong here.  It's his contract.  He has every right to accept or deny any contract he's offered.  

And no, I don't think it's reasonable to assume he's asking too much because of our wage structure and the meer fact that we absolutely underpay our best players compared to their peers around England and Europe. 

>we're a very well run football club and i dont believe we wouldnt pay Toby what he is worth to us.

We are very well run, but at the same time, we have an archane wage structure that has been broken by other teams in the premier league.  Everyone of our star players are underpaid.  Harry Kane, Hugo, Eriksen, Alli, etc....all would get more money from other clubs in the top 6.

>how is it irrelevant to ask where you get the info about wages from?

Basic logic.  Put yourself in Toby's shoes.  We haven't heard anything that suggests he wants to leave. It's only logical to assume then that he hasn't resigned because we haven't offered him enough compared to what others like VVD are offered.   Players and agents talk to each other. They know what they're worth.  Danny Rose talked about that in the beginning of the season. 

>do i think our players are paid less than the rest of the top 6, yes. but i think they will be paid much more than the rest of the 14 teams' players

The other 14 teams don't matter.  The other 14 don't have played as good as ours.  The peers for our players play in the top 6.  If I'm Erisken, I would demand to be paid on par with  Ozil.  Toby should be demanding to be paid on par with VVD. That's how it works if we want to keep our best players.
If you want Toby to go to Arsenal, keeping him out over contractual reasons is the best way to do that.  

>There is no obligation to play him

There is an obligation to win as many important games as possible.  We have an obligation to make the top 4 and possibly win the FA cup. Toby Alderwiereld gives us the best chance to win games.  
>Obviously a fuck up by Kane near the opponents box is a lot less likely to make us concede a goal then a fuck up by our own centreback....

Every player on a pitch is important.  Debating degrees of fuck-up-ness is a stupid exercise.  Scoring goals is just as important as preventing them.  

>We cannot sub Toby out if he's playing poorly.

You're still operating under this massive and bizarre hypothetical that Toby isn't good anymore.  

If he signs his contract tomorrow; are you going to say he's good now?  

>he's gonna jump straight back into form when every other time he's played this season post injury wasn't a good game from him.

He's played two games and you're exaggerating his form in those games.  He was fine and by now, he should be back to normal.  

>Right and in your mind that's the same as saying "Toby isn't good enough?" which is what you were initially arguing that I said?

Yes, that's exactly what it boils down to.  If you're saying we shouldn't play him because he might hurt is, that means you think he's not good enough.

You can't have it both ways.  He's either good enough or not.  Pick a fucking side instead of trying to rationalize keeping a player out because you're angry or disappointed he might be leaving.  

>you're making the assumption that Toby is going to hop straight back into amazing form after long term injuries which is just silly to assume...

He was only out for a few months and it was just his hamstring.  If he had extended his contract, you would be saying a different tune.  
Every person has a moral right to maximize their skills and earning potential.  He's absolutely underpaid compared his peers.  
And they are also making similar sacrifices.  Xiaomi is famous for the corners they've cut to rise the way they have.  OnePlus was set up to copy their formula and sell it to the west.  

Everything is business is always a trade-off.  You can't make the same phone Samsung/Apple make with the same investments and then sell it at a cheaper price.  Revenue wouldn't exceed expenses.
It was just two games.  I'm sure he's fine by now. 
We should be playing our best players regardless of whether or not they're leaving. Winning games is all that matters and leaving our best player (argubly) for contractual matters is irresponsible.  
I don't know why they kept it.  My point is only that people opted into the service.  It's not like Facebook took it without some sort of permission.
I think this is an irrelevant question.  If the pay structure was fine, then we would have extended Toby months ago.  The only reason we can tell he hasn't extended his contract is because the money he was offered (whatever combination of wages+bonuses) hasn't been enough.
Who's better?  Toby or Davinson?  Who gives us the best chance to win games?

Those are the only questions that matter.  Whether or not Toby is here next season shouldn't matter while we still have him. 
I don't see how denying a contract extension is basis to keep him off the team. 

I mean, are you saying at all Spurs players *have* to take undervalue wages in order to play for us?  That seems comically absurd and unprofessional imo. 
>Sorry to say if he is not 100% committed to the cause

People are making huge leaps in logic here.  Just b/c he's not accepting what's probably an undervalued contract doesn't mean he won't give a 100% when he plays.  
That makes no sense.  What's good for the team is playing our best players giving us the best chance to win games.

>It's a bit silly to let Alderweireld play because we want to cater to Alderweireld for Alderweireld's sake.

No, we play him because he makes us a better team.  

The only reason to not play Toby is if you believe that putting out our best players isn't important.  
So?  The club aren't offering enough money.  Why does Toby have to accept a new contract if it's not enough money?

Hell, Poch criticised Rose for asking for a new contract when he had just signed a new one the year before and himself pointed out he took time to sign his contract until it met his terms.

As far as we know, Toby hasn't demanded to stop playing or anything.  There's nothing to suggest he hasn't been professional. 
>We have no obligation to play anybody.

We have an obligation to win games.  That's all that matters.  Playing Toby gives us a better chance to win games as hes unquestionably the best CB in the Premier League and likely Europe.

There's no basis to say Toby wants out of the club. All we know is that he just wants to be paid what he deserves.  Saying he wants out only because he hasn't accepted the contract Spurs offered is absurd.  

>It's his job to cater to the good of the whole squad.

And keeping out our (argubly) best player over the last two years doesn't help the squad.  


That's the basis of his question.  Toby being bad....for some reason
Did you really just respond to every single comment I have in this thread?
It's not dodging when I'm attacking the basis of it, which is stupid.
>....No? Kane is a forward, forwards need goals, and what he does on the pitch is unlikely to put us in a bad position considering all the other attacking options in the squad...

Oh come on. Any player who fucks up puts us in a bad situation.  If Kane plays bad, then of course that hurts us. Not scoring goals is just as bad as giving up goals.  

>Completely redundant assumption and it obviously varies player to player.

What great defender hasn't been able to come back from an injury at Toby's age?  Ledley King came back from mutliple injury spells just fine.  

>I just explained the basis I used to ask the question I asked, why are you still trying to run with that straw man?

It's not a strawman. You're making a completely hypothetical assumption that Toby won't be good b/c he's been out for a while.  
What makes you think his head isn't in the right place?  

Btw, I'm not saying put Sanchez on the bench. I would love to play our back 3 again. We were much better with it.  
>The basis of players who haven't played in ages being thrown into the deep end of the season

So, that means you're keeping Harry Kane on the bench when he comes back from injury?

>Do you think players come back from long term injuries and instantly regain the form they once had?

Great ones like Toby usually do.  

>I think you're not answering the question because you and I both know if that happened, you would feel like an idiot (And rightly so) for prioritising a player who is going to leave over the team and the club

No, I didn't answer your question because it's based on an idiotic premise that Toby isn't good enough.  

Look, if Toby is legtimately bad now, then sure, keep him on the bench, but there's no basis to say that.  
>contract rebel

How's he a contract rebel?
Your question is a fucking idiotic hypothetical that makes zero sense.  You're making the strange assumption that Toby isn't going to play like Toby for some stupid reason.  

I'm not answering your question because the basis of it is the dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard.   

Your not challenging anyone's view. Your asking idiotic things.  
>when he did play, he wasn't very good.

It was one game.  

Look, if he's not fully fit or has lost a step, that's one thing, but we should be playing our best 11.  

To argue otherwise is just insanity.  Is winning not important?  

What about just playing the best 11 and giving our team the best chance to win important games?  
I'm not dodging shit.  I'm driving to the heart of your silly argument.  

So, just answer the fucking question?  Are we a better squad with him in the lineup or not?  

If we're better with him in the lineup, then he should fucking play, new contract or not. 
Are you really arguing that Toby isn't good enough to start for us?

Seriously?
I have similar friends, but they have multiple devices because there's not enough to go around; not because they need a different profile.  
I highly doubt that.  Have you actually met people that buy multiple iPads for their families for the sole reason of having multiple profiles?

I suspect there are some things about iOS that need to be reworked to accommodate multiple users and apple just hasn't cared or thought enough customers care to make those changes.  
>They used to deny they were a part of the same company

Did they?  They never announced themselves as part of BBK, but I don't recall them lying about it.

Fwiw, they aren't bullshitting about working in a niche market.  They're selling a brand of high end spec'd devices at lower prices than their competition.  That means shortcuts and sacrifices need to be made along the way.  They're operating much in the way any subsidiary acts.  
>I'm just a front for this Chinese company to break into the US by making Android users believe that we are a startup? 

I don't think anyone who buys OP phones buy them because they're a start-up.  They buy because of generally lower prices paired with high specs that nerds fall in love with (foolishly IMO). 

Calling them a "front" is a little unfair as well.   Because of that cost structure, they have to do things like use their sister companies designs and component sources.    There's no practical way OnePlus could sell phones at the prices it does with the components it has without making some hard sacrifices along the way.  


I don't think that's right.  The call history and SMS log were for users that choose to use Facebook Messenger as their SMS app.  That sort of permission (though not called permission) has sorta always been there. 
That's ridiculous.  So, we're holding Toby hostage to get him to sign a new contract????  How is that not wrong in your eyes?  Not just for him, but what you're saying is that Spurs are activily making our squad worse over this.  

We play Tony because he's out best defender and argubly best player and he deserves to play over anyone else.  
Spurs don't have to pay Toby more than they can or want to; but leaving him out of the squad because he hasn't signed a new contract is majorly fucked.  
If Spurs are keeping Toby out for contractual reasons, I'm disappointed.  It feels like such a dirty and underhanded tactic.  

Play the man or just pay him the money he deserves.  
From what I understand, the main costs are in Chromebooks and for optional training from google reps.  
I see.  Yea, it would be great.  Although, it's hard to understand why they haven't done it yet. 
Apple has to build multi user first.
The core product is free, but AFAIK, there are additional features available at cost. 
I would imagine most iPads are shared as opposed to phones.  Also, on a screen that big, bezels do give something to hold onto.
They have a separate policy for students where they don't collect anything.  

Education accounts with Google are no different than Apple.  

Edit: [link](https://youtu.be/Tq6tXmonx3U)
Pretty sure Google doesn't monetize student data either.  Schools just pay for Google Apps.  

Edit: Should clarify that core Google apps are free for education.  Schools really just pay for hardware, optional training, and other miscellaneous things.
They massively improved the bench which is incredible considering the limited ways Masai had to do that. But to be a true contender, they still need more.  

Not to shit on the Raptors, but they're number 1 cause Cleveland has gone through some things, Boston has injuries, and the Sixers are still young.   DeRozan took a huge step this year and could possibly be the best guy on a championship team player, but overall, I don't think many teams are scared off them. 
Oldman edited his comment.  
Mikal is also from the Philly Suburbs and his mom works for the Sixers.  
Bench D-League player
I saw him with his dad/uncle at the Knicks game.  
No question it was important, but the Sixers aren't where they are now without everything else they did.  
To understand why it worked, you need to see it's more than just tanking.  
Our 2014 pick is doing great.  Joel Embiid is incredible.

Okafor in 2015 was just a bad pick.  The Sixers gave him everything he needed to succeed, but he just sucked.  To say we failed him is ridiculous.  
No, it wasn't just tanking. We just kept our options open.  The team always played hard.  We developed young players into key assets throughout the last 3.5 years as well.  

All Hinkie did was make decisions with a long term view.  He didn't blow cap space on mid tier free agents.  He traded away veterans who weren't important for picks.   Sure, being bad and getting a high draft pick was part of it.  But usually teams who tank just give their best players mysterious injuries.  That has never happened with the Sixers.


To everyone who doubted the process:
 
#APOLOGIZE!!!  RIGHT NOW!
Where is this?  Also, whats the A mean?
Obviously no player will make every clutch shot.  Michael Jordan missed a lot of clutch shots as well.  You're not going to argue he was any less great, right?

It does take skill to be able to be a guy that can take those shots.  Most players aren't going to able to get shots off at that point in the game. 
Every player has an off night.  Simmons has some bad shooting games as well.  It's why I brought up their TS%. They're both have the similar efficiency numbers with Simmons a hair better at this point.  

There's something to be said about a player that can be the clutch player at the end of games when points are tight.  Let alone as a rookie.  It's why we loved players like Kobe and AI.  Being clutch is very much an important attribute in my opinion.
I really hope they're doing something more to Comcast II.  It sticks out like a sore thumb.... literally.  
He's not that inefficient.  His TS% is basically the same as Simmons.  
I disagree.  I think scoring on volume is a skill that many don't have.  Not everyone could be Iverson after all. 
Ben should win, but it's definitely close.  There's something to be said about his volume scoring and the added difficulty of the conference he plays in.  

I'm just saying I won't be mad if Mitchell wins.  He's fun to watch and he's going to be a great player like Simmons.  
I'm honestly okay with Mitchell winning ROTY, but to say it's because Ben isn't a real rookie is just ridiculous.  
Malik monk played 10 minutes
#TRUST THE PROCESS!!!
C'mom man.  What about Baron Davis or Glen Rice?  Eddie Jones was there. Alonzo Mouring, Larry Johnson, and even Mugsy (he was good in space jam).   PJ Brown and Anthony Mason were good.  
* **Battle of the Bastards in Game of Thrones**: Perhaps the most amazing battle scene I've ever seen.  The concept of a crush is something I've never imagined before until then.

* **Silicon Valley Optimal Tip Efficiency**.  Quartet of dudes use dick jokes to revolutionize digital compression.

* **Simpsons Prohibition**.  A history lesson and comedy all in one.  
SHUFFLE SONGS?!?!?

#YES!!!
So, she's a singer?   I'm out of the loop on music, is she popular?

I can't believe I'm saying this, but what do the kids listen to these days?
Has anyone sat behind the backboard in the lower bowl?  Not all the way down of course, but halfway up?  Is it an okay view?  I used to have upper 200 level corner seats as a kid and I fucking hated it.  
Yes I did.
Motorola's biggest problem is that they just don't have a brand identity.   They need to figure out something and stick to it.

Personally, I think Motorola's best option to return to something similar to when it was owned by Google where it's G and E brands had color and purpose.  They should drop the high end all-together.  No one is ever going to spend 600$+ on a Moto phone and chances are it will never be good enough to compete with the Pixel, Galaxy, and iPhone.  

But if they focus again on putting their efforts on the mid range and low end, they might have a chance at establishing something there, particularly outside the US.
The iPhone isn't an Atari.  C'mon man.  And Apple has mountains of money to burn.  You're overestimating the R&D costs without taking into account the long term view here.  The iPhone isn't magic, but it's pretty fucking close and Apple knows it.  They best way for them to increase revenues year over year is to increase the margins on the iPhone and this is part of it.  There is no deadline or time crunch for that. It's economics.

By the way, it's clear this is what's Apple is doing.  They aren't buying companies and testing developing their own screens for the hell of it.  They are spending the R&D right to profit from it.  The only question is when iPhone will carry iPhone designed screens.  For what was reported, there was a significant portion of Apple's design that went into the screens it used for the iPhone X.  

Sure, Samsung (or probably LG) will end up manufacturing their designs, much in the same way TSMC and Samsung manufacture Apple's processors.  But it's still a massive savings for them.  
> If Samsung releases first Apple will have to decide if they think they can match the quality and cost of Samsung and keep dumping money into R&D, or cut their losses and keep buying displays from Samsung.

I completely disagree.  The key thing to remember here is we're talking about the iPhone.  Until smartphones go obsolete, which may never happen, the iPhone will always sell hundreds of millions of units.   

In other words, there is no time crunch; at all.   The main benefit for Apple here is to lower their supply costs.  By not having to pay Samsung for their designs, they'll end up saving money and increasing margins; especially over the long term.  In time, we might end up seeing Apple design every component as much as possible; all to squeeze as much money out of the iPhone as possible.  
According to the article, Apple already has prototypes in watch form, so I would guess they're probably just as far as along as Samsung.   

>If they can do it better and cheaper than Apple can there’s no reason for Apple to do it themselves. 

It will always be cheaper for Apple to do it themselves.  After all, the only real benefit to doing this is just improving their margins.  It's not like the difference between Samsung's, LG's display or Apple's display would be dramatic. 

If they can start making their designs, that's money that doesn't need to go to Samsung or LG. Instead, that's just more profit for shareholders.
I'm saying they design their chips: so what's to stop them from designing other components like the display.  

I don't think the factory part is that difficult.  They just have to hire a company like they do with TSMC and Samsung for chips.  They'll probably hire LG or someone to manufacture their display tech and designs
I get what you're saying, but I don't think it's true.  Mobile screens are more used than TVs.  I'm too lazy to research it, but I'd get money Samsung makes money from selling mobile screens than they do televisions
They're not in any rush
He's 33 years old
Like I said:

>a company of their size and resources

No one has the size, resources, and also *incentives* like Apple
Yes, I'm talking about design, which is the hardest and most difficult part, right?
Wait, is really Samsung is taking a loss on their mobile displays?  I find that incredibly hard to believe.  Hell, I would have thought that was one of their most profitable departments.  


They don't have to own the factories or facilities.  They mass produce their chipsets.  There's very little reason to doubt a company of their size and resources could do the same thing with other components.
The possibility, given Apples deep pockets, means that mass production is perhaps more a likely possibility than not.  
It was hyperbole.
Isn't Verizon changing that?
There's always a few that use everything, but the predominant one is usually Avid. 
It's too basic; just not as good as the others.  It's gotten better since when it first came out, but FCP7 and Avid are way in front.

We use macs.  
Professional editor here: basically no one uses final cut pro X.  It's more for consumers.  We all use Avid or Premier and some still use FCP7 for legacy reasons.
It's not just idiocy, it's the nature of VAR.  Communicating with officials, viewing replay; rewinding back and forth takes time and its just not worth it. I don't want to wait a minute wondering what the fuck is going on just to confirm an offsides.    

The entertainment of the game is why we watch.  VAR is anti-fun.  Why do you hate having fun?
If your assessment is based on the scoring and counting stats, (vs things like efficiency and team impact) your methodology needs to be completely changed.
I can't believe r/soccer is still defending VAR.  Technology is good.  More things like goal line technology need to be developed and adopted.  Replay just kills the flow of a football match.   The Tottenham/Rochdale game was absolutely ruined by VAR.  
11+17 probably won't get much.  At that position, makes more sense to add cheap salaries and take shots on two kids instead of one.
Fuck Boston, but this is over the top homerism. Tatum is a good player and is having a solid rookie season.  He's shooting 42% from 3, 58% TS and plays solid D.  

Who knows what happens with Fultz, but to say Tatum is overrated is just really really dumb.  
First time hearing about event flow.  Just tried it out, yea it's pretty good as well.  
$2.49 is a fair price.  
That's incredibly unlikely.  The comment:vote ratio is entirely bizarre and unique compared to every normal subreddit on Reddit.  
It's a shit ton of bots that upvote posts.  If you actually go there (and can avoid throwing up), you'll see posts that have like 3000+ upvotes yet only like 22 comments.  
His voice is awful and incredibly annoying. 
Liberty Ballers published a good article on why he actually isn't a streaky shooter; just a high volume average one; and that's perfectly fine.  
Interesting piece.  I think we call him a streaky shooter b/c in part we want him to be elite at it, as we do all our players.  But this is right, he's really just an average high volume average shooter and that's perfectly fine; given what he does for our defense.  
>Apple already makes it’s own 5K displays for the iMac line.

The display component is sourced out.  Apple doesn't have display factories.  It's probably likely, Apple just sources LG for the screen but designs and manufacturers everything around the screen.  
Moving away from the Android brand is probably a good move.  Android just has a lot of baggage.  It's like Windows in a way. Some people love it, but many others probably associate it with cheap and shitty products as well.  

Google probably has better brand recognition.  People may be more inclined to try out a *Google Watch* than a *Android Watch*.  
I doubt that.  They could easily just call Fuschia (if it takes over), the next version of Android.  

What's probably happening, is that Google is recognizing that Android as a brand name has a lot of baggage.  It's like Windows.  Some people love it, but many probably look at Android as a cheap brand the way many look at Windows.

Google has a better brand image.  Essentially, people will probably be more likely to buy a Google watch than an Android one.
The Google Calendar widgets for month view and agenda view are good.  

But for the agenda though, I've switched to [this new app called home agenda](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.franco.agenda).   It's a more customizable view.  I'm personally a big fan of transparent widgets and this gives that option to me while Google does not.

I also use the MyFitnessPal widget for quick entry and the Robinhood widget for checking my stocks.

I'm also a heavy Google tasks user and I use this app called [GTI](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.freethinkinc.tasks) for it's Google tasks widget.   
Swansea isn't Rochdale, so no.  And since the intl break is coming, We play our best 11 which doesn't include him.  
Swansea isn't Rochdale, so no.  And since the intl break in coming, We play our best 11 which doesn't include him.  
Not necessarily an issue, but when I had the Pixel 1, the bluetooth connection just wasn't great. It's not broken; it's just not a strong connection to start with.  You have to make sure you're not blocking the shade in back.
#LADS
Shit
They're doing it b/c a news feed is more profitable for them. 
The dynamic range is a problem on the s9 though.  
I think he's serious.  His account is six years old and doesn't seem to have any mention of futbol until this.  
We'll see how he does in training camp.  I get the hype everyone is feeling, but something about him leaves me unconvinced.  He seems a little pudgy for my liking and not particularly vertical which are things that give me pause....like are we sure he's better than Richaun Holmes? 

Of course, I haven't seen him play outside YouTube videos, but then again, I suspect the  most  of the people hyping him here haven't seen much else either. 
Has the OG Pixel really gotten slow and laggy?  That's a real shame. I had it until the Pixel 2 came out and it was great; very smooth performance.  What happened?

OP, one thing you could try is to change the battery?  Look for a ubreakifix store near you.  Perhaps, there's been battery degradation that's also contributing to the performance hit?
This is a stupid.  I just went through the checkout process and the choices are pretty clear.  You'd have to be an absolute moron to accidently select the wrong option.  Looks like Forbes is fishing for clicks.  
I'm calling him dumb because his reasoning is dumb..."flow of the game" wtf?? "Free throw not part of the natural game"...what?

I think your numbers are off w/regards to FTs.  1 made 2pt shot adds more to the total TS% than 1 made FTA.   For example; if someone had 10 points on 9 FGA and no FTA, that would give them a TS% of 57%.  An extra made FG would make that 60% whereas an extra made FT would make that 58%.  

I think you're plugging in your numbers at 0FGA/1FTA, but that is an extreme that TS% isn't going to be accurate on.  

As far as threes go, yes, while there is an extra point generated by the 3pt shot, an important thing to remember is that 3pt shooters miss more shots.  And since there's no delineation between 2pt and 3pt shots in the formula, the effect of the 3 is somewhat negligible.  In common usage, it factors in the difficulty of a 3 than it rewards it compared to a 2.       

At the end of the day, 7 of the top 10 leaders in TS% are big men who primarily shoot 2s.  It's rewarding their overall efficiency than rewarding them for shooting FTs and 3s.  DeAndre has usually been among the leaders in that category for years.     
I need a link or plane tickets/hotel.
>It combines them. And thus, makes it a volume-oriented stat

No
TS doesn't factor 3s and free throws higher than twos.

I already went over this shit with you when it comes to per36.  Try and understand this stuff before you spout all sorts on uninformed nonsense.  It's really fucking annoying.  
This is so dumb and wrong I can't even....
We literally just went through why that 3FPG game doesn't mean shit.  If you can't get that simple little shit through your thick skull, then no amount of common Sense will.  
It's a little bit of both.  Offensive skills are valued more because they're harder to find.  But bad defense can make most offensive contributions useless.  

Bad offense/good defense is better than good offense/bad defense, but good offense/avg defense is still the best from an individual perspective.  
3FPG is low enough.  You're still continuing to reach to justify your bizarre opinions.  It's sad.
It's about measuring **rate** of production, good or bad. The 36 is just an arbitrary number chosen to help provide a better contextual understanding of a players rate of play.   

Easy example, if someone who plays 10 minutes a game, but is averaging 7 fouls per 36, it means they foul a lot.  

Or in our case if someone is among the league leaders in fouls per game, some idiot might assume they foul too much.  But per36 shows that actually, they don't foul that much, they just play a lot of minutes which drives up that number.  Other players who don't play as many minutes foul more per minute

It's an easy mistake to assume per36 is about what might happen, but that's not what's it's about.  It's about comparing rate of production with minutes factored out.
>I fully comprehend that it extrapolates those performances in a hypothetical that if they played more minutes, they'd average such-and-such a number. 

Sigh.   Dude, no
>But they are in fact NOT averaging those minutes. 

Wow.  You're still on that....Jesus Christ.   I was right, you're just hopeless.  
>But would that automatically correlate into more success per minute?

That's not what it's about.  Read you own link dumbass.  This isn't hard.  
>https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/2zp9gf/what_do_per_36_minutes_stats_mean_why_are_they/ From other people who are not me.

>https://www.sportingcharts.com/dictionary/nba/per-minute-statistics.aspx

>It's totally a projection dude. I mean, it seriously says it right there.

My god, you really are a fucking moron.  Your first link is a bunch of other reddit morons, so lets ignore that bullshit, but did you even read your second link:

>The concept of per-minute statistics is a basic building block of statistical analysis in basketball. **While looking at per-game averages gives us some information about the productivity of a player, per-minute averages tells us a great deal more about how well, or poorly, that player is actually performing.**

>Basketball statistician John Hollinger has said of per-minute statistics, "It's a pretty simple concept, but one that has largely escaped most NBA front offices: **the idea that what a player does on a per-minute basis is far more important than his per-game stats.** The latter tend to be influenced more by playing time than by quality of play, yet remain the most common metric of player performance."

In other words, it's about measuring the rate of a players performance and what they do in the minutes they play; not just looking at per game stats which can be misleading and incomplete.  
Hopeless.  You're absolutely hopeless.  

It measures rate.  It's the same thing as looking at per48 or per 100 possessions, etc.  

It equalizes production stats by rate.  So in this case, when your comparing foul rates, there are an ocean full of players who foul more when they're defending.  They don't get up to 3fpg because that don't play that many minutes.  Point is, that fouling isn't a big part of Covington's defensive game.  He just plays so much, that fouls are inevitable.

This is the last time I explain basic shit to you. It's not hard, Google it before you make an ass of yourself.  
Per36 is about measuring rate of production.  It's not a projection or hypothesis of anything.  

Idiot
>Per36 is irrelevant, because you don't play all 36.

Like a true idiot, you strike again. Per36 isn't about projection genius. Like I said, you're not worth my attention anymore.  Continue being wrong for all I care. You're hopeless.
I just want Man United to lose and (eventually) fall out the top 4.  Then I want to see Jose fired and Conte take his place.  I wouldn't even be mad if Man U won the title next year.  It'll be worth it to see the tears on Jose's face.  Nothing better than seeing a bully cry.  
That's fine.  A lot of teams do this so they can keep their defenses in position for the next possession rather than risk the long rebound of a 3 become a fast break opportunity.   

The Celtics and Thibs demonstrated that offensive rebounds aren't that important throughout the course of a game. 
Iggy is a great defender b/c of his angle pursuit.  You can't be physical guarding wing players in the NBA.  This isn't the 80s.  To talk about physicality is completely irrelevant and just stupid.    

>One of the reasons you have him on the wing is to avoid a ball handler, for that specific reason.

What?  He's usually guarding the other teams best player; usually their ball handler.  He shut down Kemba Walker the other day ffs.  

>But if you have a scoring wing(Hint: Like every elite team has one), Cov's defensive strengths are neutralized, because he can't move and his reach-ins are called as fouls(3 FPG pretty much his entire career, among leaders in SF's at fouls.)

That's so fucking wrong.  First, 3FPG at his minutes level is nothing.  To call him among the leaders is stupid.  When you factor in minutes (by looking at per36 for example), he's among the leagues lowest in fouling.   And the idea that he can't move???? Are you insane?

Dude, at this point, I think you're just crazy.  You've taken this preposterous position with absolutely zero basis or evidence.  I have no interest in arguing with a moron any more.  
Angles aren't just about the type of defense teams play.  It's about forcing offensive players into inefficiencies.  It's what makes Iggy a great defensive player for example.  

To say he doesn't deny dribble penetration is just stupidity.  You must not watch basketball games or your blind.  Pick.  

>It's disappointing but he's a tweener whose impact is vastly overstated.

His impact is measurable and it's fantastic. 
Teams score by making buckets.  If you want to stop teams from scoring, you play smart team defense that forces them to take tough inefficient shots.  Covington is key to that with all the skills he brings to the table. 

If you think Covington doesn't deny dribble penetration, you're not watching correctly.  Cov plays angles and forces to guys to drive to areas that either force to take bad shots or pass it away.  

Star players are always tough to guard.  If's the standard you're going to hold him buy, that's absurd.  Some players just have days where they can hit everything.  It doesn't matter who's guarding them, whether it be Artest, Bowen, or Covington.  
I'm going to say this very clearly:  You don't know shit about Basketball.  You've spent months saying dumb shit demonstrating why.  

He didn't get his extension b/c of deflections.  He got his extension b/c he's a genuinely great defensive player that has an impact on all parts of the floor.  

He doesn't need to contain anyone.  What he needs to do is chase angles and force his marks into inefficient shots; which he does on a daily basis and make impacts in blocks, steals, deflections, and rebounds.  

Your complaints are irrelevant b/c you have absolutely zero understanding of the NBA and basketball as a whole.  
>See, this is the problem with judging weak-side defense: You see it as him giving up 2 shots. So you think he did a good job. Want to know what I'm looking for? Is he tracking the ball and his man? Is he containing the drive? Is he not fouling? All of these things, crucially important.

No, giving up two shots is what matters.  Your criteria is stupid.  What matters is the impact of a player and how he contributes on all ends of the defensive spectrum.  blocks, steals, and rebounds are all very important; not to mention the flexibility of a player like Cov to handle switches and guard multiple positions.  

>His huge deflection numbers look great for him, but they don't mean anything in the context of team defense and his man defense.

That is such a dumb thing to say.  Deflections matter.  Your personal feelings are irrelevant.  They matter and they show up in how teams score less when Cov is playing.  
Only an outdated fool would continue to talk about shit like strong interior presence like that matters in 2018.   Basketball isn't a 1on1 sport.  Until you understand that, you'll continue to be the resident luddite here.   

Get with the times and try to understand how limited your knowledge is.  You don't understand defense in the slightest. 
PER doesn't grade the impact of a player on a team you idiot.  It's box score stat.  You might have missed my edit, where I tried to explain more of what PER is.  

>Whether you like it or not, Robert Covington is not and never has been a good basketball player.

You can continue to spout objectively wrong non-sense over and over and over again and it will continue to be objectively wrong non-sense.

Also, the fact that you still refer to Draymond as a PF is another example of your inability to get with the times.    
If you think blocks, steals, and help defense aren't important, you truly are lost.  Your grades and input are completely useless and wrong.  
He literally gave up 2 shots in the entire game yesterday and you think that's average?  That shows just you stupid you are when it comes to this topic.   

No team in the NBA has premier level defensive backups.  TLC is generally as good as teams get with backup defensive oriented wings. And even when comparing his on/off stats with other teams, his numbers still stand out.  

To call him a backup is completely nonsense.  He has a positive impact on every lineup he plays on.  "backup/averge" players do not have the impact he has on a playoff team.

>they don't value OG's that much for a first round grade because they can draft good OG's later. The NBA needs to think that way about 3/D Wings.

If there ever was a statement to illustrate your complete ignorance of the modern NBA, this is it.  
PER isn't relevant here.  It's a composite metric that primarily ranks the individual contributions (not team impact) of star players.  3&D players like Cov will never be high on that list.  Also, PER is really only meant for discussions that look at the contributions of great players over all time.  It only uses data from box score stats so it can go back decades.  It only exists to compare Jordan and Chamberlain, not quintessential 3&D role players in 2018.   

Most people don't really care much about PER.  It's a bar room stat; to be talked about but not taken literally.  BPM, RPM and the like are more relevant to these types of conversations.  They incorporate more data and measure the effect of a player on their teams.  

Covington is one of leagues most impactful players.  To say he's inferior just shows how limited and terrible your supposed knowledge of basketball is.  

And BTW, if we end up getting LeBron or PG13, Cov doesn't go anywhere.  He's still a starter/big minutes player on just about every team in the league with the exception of Golden State b/c they have Steph, Klay, KD, and Draymond at their wing spots.  

To say the Sixers are targeting his replacement is not only entirely and completely factually wrong, its sheer garbage that shows your intellectual misgivings when it comes to the game of basketball.   

This is such a dumb take.  Just look at it his on/off numbers.  We're literally a better team when's on the floor than when's not.  

Bandwagon fans are the worst.  
Unfortunately the problem with us right now is that we've attracted a lot of bandwagon wagons fans that either have an outdated knowledge of basketball or just enough of a cursory understanding of it to say stupid shit.  

It's the downside of being; we have to deal with idiots that say stupid shit.  And Covington being a guy that is streaky from 3, he's going to get a lot of it.  
And the insanity continues.....
Isn't he cleaned out?  
He actually didn't play that year; maybe a game or two?  He was coming back from microfracture surgery and just wasn't the same.

The sad part was that when we were going through that winless start to season, we were telling ourselves that things would get better once Kendall Marshall and Wroten come back from injury (it didn't).  
Usually car usb plugs aren't very strong, so you'll probably have to get a charger for the lighter port.  Look for stuff on Amazon that either has a USB-C port (for a usb c to c cable) or a USB-C cable attached to it. In my experience, these tend to charge the fastest.  
Believe me, that would have come up.  Saying Noel was better than Embiid wouldn't have been ignored.  Before all the bandwagoners showed up, there weren't that many people here.  It would have been hard to miss something like that.  

But if you want to believe I'm a white guy from New York, then go ahead.
U seem paranoid

I spent the good part of two years arguing with him over just about everything.  If he ever said Noel was better than Embiid, I would most certainly remember it. 
Probably, the idea that any of these questions play a part in how well a RB can block, run, or catch is literally the stupidest thing I could think of.
Why not?  How does that tell you anything about how good a football player he is or isn't?  
He never said that
Has there ever been any evidence that these invasive questions actually work in indentifying good prospects and bad ones? 
People overreact to change.  Hell, last year I thought the search bar on the bottom would just be too ugly, yet here I am customizing Nova launcher to have search bar on the bottom.  
Thanks!  I appreciate it
Hey, I was looking at your spreadsheet for the first time and was having trouble interacting with it.  I was looking at the blue spreadsheets, but I couldn't find the dropdown; I keep on clicking/typing near the "players" name and nothing happens. Am I doing something wrong?
Ish Smith MVP that year
It's just incredible how self aware he is about his game and how he's able to communicate that to the media....and he's only 23.  He sounds like a 35 year old veteran. 
It's not for all Google services....did you read what I wrote?

The 500 million number cited for Google+ used *some* of Google services, primarily YouTube comments, Google Hangouts, and Google+ Photo Backup (this was before Google Photos).  For marketing reasons, the Google+ team absorbed those services to make their numbers better and maybe even get more social users for it.  

Of course, it didn't work and eventually those services left Google+ are back on their own again.  I doubt the current number for Google+ is more than a couple hundred thousand at best.
Dude.....
You honestly think G+ has 500 million users?  Seriously?
That number IIRC is old, and the brunt of that number was people who were forced to use G+ for YouTube comments, who continued to use Google Talk as it became Hangouts, and used auto Photo backup on their Android phones.

It never had any large amount of people actually using it as a social network.  That number was a misleading lie by the head of G+, Vic Gundotra who later left the company.  
You honestly believe G+ has 500 million users?  Seriously?
I don't think players are that moved by domestic cup trophies in this day and age.
He's supposed to be a right back and I honestly have seen much to make me think he's Top 6 quality. He feels like another Kyle Naughton.  
I think his attitude is fine.  He's popular and well liked by his teammates.  The interview wasn't great, but IIRC, the journo was a friend and it seemed to me he was being honest more than anything.  
Would this still work if I substituted the orange juice and zest for fresh made mandarin juice and mandarin zest?
His hair transplant was a bad idea though
In you get tickets in the lower section, you should be fine.  
Miami is somewhat of a forward thinking organization.  I'm just surprised a former NBA player is into analytics.  
I did the upgrade mainly because I got good value for my Pixel 1 (450) effectively making the upgrade cost around 250$.  

The only real benefit I notice is the waterproofing (accidentally spilled booze on my phone yesterday) and better/stronger Bluetooth connections.
Sat in the 200 level last month and could barely walk afterwards.  So little leg space.  I'm only 5'10", can't even begin to imagine how painful it would be for the 6 footers in the world. 
Shane Battier is president of analytics?!?  When did this happen?
You got work on your circles OP.  
Stealing means making something your own.  The iPhone was the first phone with a touchscreen, but they were so good with it, basically made it their own.  

These brands are just selling clones to people who want cheaper iPhones.
Wait, the G7 is pulling this shit?  Damn.
He can improve to a point, but at the end of the 3>2 and just the act of facing up and shooting is an easier and more consistent act as opposed to shooting with back to the basket.  

There's also not that many teams that lack size. 
>often takes the opponents defensive anchor completely out of the game,

You mean getting his man into foul trouble?  That really doesn't happen a lot.  It's happened maybe 3 or 4 times this season?  In the playoffs, refs aren't going to blow their whistles as much.  

>Also, working in the post and getting to the foul line (and pissing the opponent off) is often what gets embiid rolling physically, shooting-wise, and emotionally

I don't really agree with that, but just to be clear, I'm not arguing for him to stop going to post completely.  He should still lead the league in post touches.  

>just arguing stats like that don't capture the effect he has on the game playing in the post.

I don't agree at all. Every shot has some ancillary benefit.  Missed 3s lead to more offensive rebounds for example.  You're overvaluing those in regards to post play. 
3pt shots put more pressure of the defense by literally stretching them.  Keep in mind, this figure literally takes into the account the literal points scored from these type of plays.  

>but points per doesn't paint the full picture.

It just shows how he performs from that type of play.  And currently, he's just okay at it.  For him to become an elite offensive player, he needs to do more, including hitting threes. 
Lack of market demand.
38% on good enough volume.  He's above average. 
You fucking idiot.  That includes all sorts of shots from 5ft including dunks, layups, and transition buckets.  

He's capable of shooting well from 3.  He's shooting 31% this year, but he also shot 37% last year.  He has the touch and form to do damage from there.  We're not asking Ben to shoot 3s, b/c no one has any idea if he'll ever figure if out.  Joel could absolutely afford to take a few less mid range jumpers and posts ups and instead do more 3s.  It's basic math.  

I'm done speaking the obvious with you.  Take care.  
No, our defense is what turned the game around last night.  An NBA game is about scoring the most points.  That's how you win games and you take the steps including taking a healthy amount of 3s to get there.

I'm done with you.  You clearly just have you simple minded aesthetic preferences and won't let logic or facts get out of your way.  
> The best shot in basketball, is the one you can hit constantly.

No, it's the one that scores the most points over the course of the game.

For fucks sake you idiot, we literally have tracking data that measures all these different types of shots.  We can literally see how well players shoot from in all types of situations.  That's how we know post play isn't all that efficient.  

Stop making up silly analogies; just look at the raw data and stop being so fucking stupid.  
> The stat chart that I gave you(not that you bothered to read it of course.)

What are you talking about?


A lot of teams are going to feel silly for not going in for him last summer when his value was low.  I remember arguing with fellow Spurs fans about him and it's sad how many forget he was only the Player of the Year just 1 year before.  

He's such a fantastic player.  That left foot is something special.  
> Whether it's a dunk or a layup or a "LONGGGGGGGGGGGG 2" It's a 2 pointer.

No you idiot.  Different shots have different efficiencies.  Some are harder and some are easier.  Dunks and layups are GREAT SHOTS.  Mid range 2s and Post Ups are terrible shots.  

How do you not fucking get this?  Do you seriously think a post up or long 2 is the same as a fucking dunk?  Seriously, is that what you think?  
Oh and have you still not figured out what's wrong with this abortion of a sentence?

>A chess move does not have to declare checkmate to be a good move
It's not about replicating the Warriors.  It's about doing whatever it takes to score more points.   

>It isn't converting the FT'S. He attempted so many it ended up being a positive for his team. It literally IS the same analogy as for Embiid 3's.

No, its not.  Shaq played in a era where the norm was inefficiency.  Joel does not.  We need our team firing on all cylinders and making the most use of their skills.

Telling Embiid to not use his skills as a shooter to be more efficient overall is plain dumbassery.  

>Shooting several bad shots just to get 3 more points on a shot or two is the definition of retarded.

The 3 point shot is the best shot in basketball.  I'm done with you.  You're too fucking stupid and the worst part is your choosing to be dumb, despite being proven wrong over and over again. 

> I used Ben as an analogy to show you that there's someone on this team

We're not talking about Ben you dumbass and we're not talking about dunks and layups.  We're talking about Joel Embiid and Post Ups.  My god, wtf dude.  No one is arguing against Ben Simmons or players taking it to the rim.  Dunks and 3s are the most efficient shots in the NBA.  

>People of your thought often cite: They have to hit a high number of 2's to make up for the average 3pt shooter. Well, it turns out they DO hit a high number of two's.

We're talking about MID RANGE SHOTS AND POST UPS you troglodyte, not dunks and layups.  We love players like DJ, Capella, and Nerlens because all they do is efficiently convert dunks and PnRs. No one is asking them to shot 3s.  

This is by far when the worst straw man argument I've seen on this sub.  For fucks sake.  

> And you called me dumb.  

Son, you just said:

> A chess move does not have to declare checkmate to be a good move

Have you not figured it out yet?

>I guess Shaquille O'Neal shouldn't have won 3 titles with the Lakers and 1 with the Heat.

Different era when NBA was stupid about 3s and getting to the foul line certainly did not help him.  For fucks sake, how do you even say Free throws and Shaq in the same sentence as a serious strategy.  
Advertisers aren't stupid.  They know how ads are being served and what the return is.  When people like you use this app, you're devaluing that ad space, which does cost Spotify money.   And btw, you're still using up Spotify's bandwidth which also costs them money without giving them the return of seeing their advertising.

Also, why do you think its okay to screw over advertisers?  You're costing them money as well.   
Spotify hasn't actually made a profit yet
Anderson is under contract for another season.  He'll have to prove himself in training camp and compete for a roster spot.  I don't think he makes it.  

Ersan is going to be gone as well.  With Fultz back, that puts Ben and Dario back playing the 4 more which leaves not enough minutes for Ersan.  

Redick is an interesting conversation I'm not ready to have.  It depends on a number of factors; primarily could we use his cap space to sign someone else?  Would he take the MLE? If no and gun to head, I would re-sign him for 2/30; I think that should be enough, but given his age; it would be prudent for us to look at other options with that salary first.  

Avery Bradley is someone I've been thinking about a lot, although his inability to switch is a concern despite his stellar 1 on 1 defense.  KCP might be worth taking a look at well if his contract demands are reasonable.  He's a flawed player, but young, athletic, and a good shooter.   Fred Van Vleet is also an interesting option to take a look at.  I want to also give a thought to Zach Lavine.  

Bayless will most likely be waived and stretched unless we can move him in a trade somehow.  
not to be mean, but you are dumb
There's not that many teams going small as much as as teams and players are just getting more athletic.   I don't think there will be as many mismatches as you might be implying.  
If you don't understand analytics, just say you don't understand it.  Saying shit like:

>Watch him! Math is not all there is.

Makes sound like a dude who's only started watching the game a few years ago.  
efficiency is important.  The more a player does efficient things, the more points the team scores.

Joel is very good in the post, but his efficiency there isn't good enough to justify ignoring other parts of his game, particularly the 3pt shot.  
No.  Getting other teams into the penalty isn't an effective strategy. 

>A chess move does not have to declare checkmate to be a good move.

You do realize how dumb of a sentence that is right???? 
He's getting just under 1pt per possession which isn't all that great.  It's not bad, but just ok.  

He needs to expand his game to other areas to become a great offensive player and make us a better team.  
The Ingram over Simmons thing is odd enough of a thing to say, but....you don't want LeBron either????  Are you insane?
The big difference between Ben and Lonzo is that Ben's game is built around his jumpshot.  His offense comes being great at driving to the basket; getting dunks and layups.  He's basically a center with ball handling ability.

Lonzo on the other needs to shot.  If he's not passing, he's not offering much else.  He's not 7 feet tall and he's not good at getting to the basket.  I don't think he's a bad player or really even a bad shooter, but there is a significant difference between the two which makes the jump shot more important to Lonzo's game than Ben's.  
>You would turn a 66% guy into a 29% guy for ONE MORE EXTRA POINT. That's your argument. It's not complicated, it's not new. It's stupid.

Wtf are you talking about?  Finishing at the rim is always great.  Dunking at the rim is a lot different than posting up.  

And btw, he's bad at posting up: 0.69 Points per possession.  Ben should only be doing layups and dunks until he can improve his jump shooting.   

Ben isn't a 3pt shooter, so no, I don't want him shooting threes until he can do it, which I don't think will ever happen.  But Embiid has the range to shoot deep and he should.  It makes our team better.

>What the hell are you people thinking? Do you want to lose games? 

What the fuck are you thinking?  You literally argued a few comments ago that more points is a bad thing for some stupid reason.  
>No, I'm arguing there's a way to actually generate more points, and just shooting 3's lulz isn't one of those. Efficient offense is to have players shoot THE MOST efficient shots for them.

No, you're arguing to play more of the least efficient shot in the game.  That equals less points.  The 3 pt shot is the most efficient shot in basketball.  That's a fact.  Learn it or GTFO.

>It's just ugly, to levels that you can't comprehend because you don't see beauty in athleticism. 

You're nothing more than a luddite. You argue for your own aesthetic preferences, not what's actually going to make us better.  

You're an idiot because you choose to be and that's sad. 

>Ben/Joel's TO's are still at the same level

False.  Joel's turnovers are down 26% from the beginning of the season.  Ben's turnovers are down 39%   

>But hey, let's ignore the game tape. It's not relevant after all.

How about you actually watch the games instead of saying wrong things?  Hmm?

>But by and large, they've been a much better passing team.

Because as logical and intelligent people would have guessed; as the season goes on, players, especially young players get better at execution.  

>Has that come with experience? Perhaps it has. But I feel as though they could've always played this way.

You honestly think rookies and sophomores should be playing like all stars from game 1???  Jesus fucking Christ man.  

>Joel just connected on a LOB last night!

Yea, one.  He usually misses a lot of them to. His pick and roll plays usually involve him catching the ball landing, moving around and then laying it in.  

>Joel positioning himself down low on a cut is almost a guaranteed bucket

This isn't the 80s where guys don't play defense and lack active hands.  The problem with cuts is that defenders now are longer and especially on our team they're focused on Embiid.  That's why we usually get Joel passing to cutters more often than him being the recipient of it.  

>sometimes Joel isn't a naturally hard rim-runner.(He'd rather try and establish post position.) but I think he would/could if we put more emphasis on it.

If he can jump higher over time, that's a possibility, it's a hard ask right now for someone his size with his conditioning.  

>But that's the truth behind KAT in Minnesota. Too much finese shooting, not enough down low dominance.

No, that's just your idiotic opinion.  KATs problem is strictly defensive.  

 


Fuck off bot
>"More points equals better offense"

Lol, what?  You're arguing for less points?   Dude, what the fuck is this?  U serious? 

Yeah, you've earned that idiot label with that.  
> And before you say roster(which certainly has a good part to do with it.), you weren't saying that earlier when we were .500

We were always saying they were YOUNG KIDS LEARNING TO PLAY THE GAME and making mistakes.  The only major difference between now and the beginning of the season is experience.

>Ask Wolves fans, they'd want KAT to play tougher.

Then they'd be dumbasses.

>BB can experiment and see why turning Joel into a pure jump shooter would negate almost everything they've developed during the winning.

No one's turning him into a pure jump shooter.  Joel NEEDS to turn into a player that score from everywhere on the court consistently and then pick and choose the best playtypes based on matchups and efficiency.   If he can get the point where he's shooting 6-8 3s a game and making 30% of them, which he could do, then that opens up more driving lanes for Simmons and also makes it easier for him to find position inside.  

>This is like when MDA was coaching Pao Gasol and had him stationed exclusively outside.

He only did that (for a short time) because they had Dwight Howard you idiot.  

>In fact, I wish we used Embiid more in Capela-style rolling action to the rim. I didn't mention these things because hell, we're winning.

Brett runs those plays for Embiid, but the problem right now is that Simmons isn't great with his lobs and Joel has had trouble connecting with those either.  I don't think if he can jump high enough to catch lobs consistently like Capella or like what Nerlens used to do.  

>But jackasses like you ruin good things, so if you wanted some complaints here you go.

No, we want you to stop being a basketball luddite and annoy us with your stupid opinions and backhanded basketball comments.  
>Do you see other teams giving their big men the ball from 30 feet? You may at times see them initiate the offense from the high post, but it almost always, ALWAYS swings back down. 

I see good modern basketball teams make use of their best players talents and not run them exclusively with the **least efficient play in the NBA**.  

>that doesn't make it good offense. It just means Joel has that skill

It does means good offense.  More points equals better offense.

>Opposing NBA Defenses will love it if Joel takes 6-8 3's a game. 

No, they'll hate it because it means the Sixers will score more points per game.

>"Thank you for sparing us the tremendous difficulty of guarding a 7'2, 275 pound athlete." 

Stop being stupid.
>I don't(and never will) see the benefit to giving the ball to Joel 30 Feet from the rim,

So you're just choosing to be ignorant about how to play good basketball?

Everything you've ever said is wrong and Brett has proven you wrong over and over again.  

At some point you have to change.  
>I see BB developing into one.

He always was one.  You're just a guy that doesn't understand basketball.
>Efficiency in terms of PPS is a poor way to judge a possession. Even if it doesn't result in a basket, it can at times result in a foul.

How have you not learned anything at all this year? 

First it's PPP (points per possession), not PPS and those numbers include free throws.  Also, this: 

>You can get the other team's opposing bigs in foul trouble, and you can get them smaller.

Is a dumb dumb dumb strategy.  Most players aren't Dwight Howard getting caught on the same move.  Embiid's posts up more than anyone in the league and it's only been a handful of games all season where he's gotten an important player on the opposing team in foul trouble.  It certainly isn't something that works in the playoffs or big games where refs tend to let things play out.  

>Our ambition to pull Joel further and further away from the rim, is not to our ultimate advantage. 

No.  Getting Joel Embiid to be successful all over the court is important because then it makes him and us as a team more efficient.

Dude, it's 2018, learn this shit already and stop being intentionally outdated.  
Man, you really just either can't grasp how bad the 08 crisis was or you are deliberitily choosing to ignore it in the context of Obama's economics achievements.   And for what, because of you're hyper worried about QE?

Also, blaming Glass-Stegall for the 08 crisis is uneducated.  Many economists agree that the crisis still would have happened even if glass stegall was still in play.  After all, it wouldn't have stopped Lehman, AIG, WaMu, and Bear Sterns from doing the shit they did.   A neutered SEC and minimal oversight from Washington is what allowed that mess to happen.  

If the economy sucks under Trump, then chances are it might start with the trade war he's trying to wage.  

I'm also done with this discussion. 
You're ignoring the part where I said "left" the economy stable. You're also underplaying the dire straights the economy was in after the housing crisis to suggest that tightening could have happened sooner.  

QE was an important tool that kept the economy afloat.  It was managed well and we haven't seen any significant negative impacts for it and it's currently unwinding.  

We have good GDP growth and good employment numbers.  I think it's fair to call that healthy and stable, certainly taking into the account the situation in 08. 
So, it's an allegory about adultry and the self destruction and depression that follow; ultimately getting over it but bring forever scared and changed by the process?
Obviously. He inherited quite a crisis, no?  The point is he left the economy stable and healthy.
He (or rather the Fed) had to run QE b/c of the effects of the 2008 housing bubble crisis.  And it worked!!!!!

The economy clearly has problems, including growing inequality, but under his watch, it's unarguable he did a good job steering it from the disaster it was 10 years ago.  

👍
>If it wasn't for Ersan, that would have been an L right there...

I don't think so.  Joel was the key player for us; like always.  Ersan and Marco are good players.  I like them, but they're also going to have games where they don't do enough and can hurt us defensively.   Both those guys were technically minus players today.  Marco was pretty bad actually. 

>Tore you a new one with that list of starter NBA centers

Link?  I didn't see it. 

Also, the more you say "LMAO", the more you sound like an idiot.  Btw, if you think you "won" the argument we had, that's just sad.  You clearly don't know a lot about the NBA and the Sixers.  I'm only humoring you when I'm bored.
Player of the game?  Jeez dude.  We won a game against Charlotte.  He had a great game, but temper down.  
Still don't know what that means.  
Legs legit made me hard with his first sentence
Epic
#10
I believe Andy Reid.  Doug Pederson is his protege.  

Chip Kelly is full of shit.  
You don't seriously believe that shit do you?  Obama inherited one of the worst financial meltdowns in our history and not only steered us out of it, but left us stable and healthy with record low unemployment. 
#5
Old people hate modern 3pt shooters
Was Legs pro or anti process?  Can't remember
Phone repair may be "huge," but soldering???? I find that incredibly hard to believe.  
#1
They're have been similar articles of these kinds of things happening all over the world (in steel) and in every industry.  

It's a worldwide trend that happens in everything and everywhere.  Humans can't beat automation. 

Here's another [link](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/21/upshot/the-long-term-jobs-killer-is-not-china-its-automation.html) about steel production in California where they've cut 75% of their employees over 5 decades yet retained the same production levels.
>My point is, it's easier to come across a compatible headphone jack in the parts market than a bluetooth chip.

I don't think so.  On phones, all these parts, including headphone jacks are customized to a extent. 

No one is replacing any soldered parts on a modern smartphone. Even screens and batteries are become more and more difficult to change. 
I've read countless articles on it.  Here's one of them on steel:


https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-06-21/how-just-14-people-make-500-000-tons-of-steel-a-year-in-austria
This phone has a headphone jack.....so what's the point?   
This phone has a headphone jack
Huh?  Most phones with headphone jacks are soldered onto the main board.  What's makes you think the Jack can just be replaced?
>They have a decent sized audience with AW,

I don't think that's true
Obama placed a tariff specifically on Chinese exports that were operating unfairly.  

This is not that.  
I don't know why you brought up call centers.  The US isn't hurting for call center jobs.  

But with steel Mills in particular, most jobs have been lost because of factory Automation.  The work done by 10 people 30 years ago only needs 1 person today. It's the same thing going in other industries as well. And that's in addition to those industries that have seen tremendous shrinkage because of various technological innovations.  

>Its also amazing how there are only major advances in automation when a free trade bill is signed.

What?  You Trumpets really lack the ability to make sense sometimes.
Then why isn't this piece of legislation targeting countries that "illegally" dump steel? 
He's an interesting FA option if resigning JJ becomes a problem for some reason.   
Completely agree with Danny.  He also brought up a good point on how this sucks for Rochdale players who had their day out in Wembley overshadowed by this fiasco.  

One thing off-topic though, what's with Danny's hairline?  It's weird as fuck. 
Is Fred Van Vleet really this good?  The numbers he has seem to be a little more than just right guy/right situation.  
Here here
I'm seeing him stop and then take a step and then take a shot. 

[Compared to this Clip of Messi](https://youtu.be/tQTSjsyBefI) making a foul on his penalty kick, Son's looks different.

I'll defer to your judgement as a trained referee, but I thought he would have had to raise his leg to shoot first and then feint in order to be called for a foul.  
It looked to me he was in the middle of his run up when he did the feint and took another step or two before he kicked.


Perhaps we have a different definition on feint.  As I understand it, "stopping in his tracks" is considered a feint, no?  

If VAR has done one thing, it's shown how needlessly complicated a lot of these rules are.
For me, 99% of the issue is the speed.  Even if the calls went our way all the time, I still don't want to wait 2 minutes in limbo.  It ruins the entertainment.

But fwiw, I disagree with you on the calls:  

* On Lamela's goal, the defender started pulling at Llorente first, so that shouldn't have been enough to bring back the goal.  

* Lucas was fouled in the box.  Just because he went down easily doesn't mean the foul didn't occur.  
* The Trippier penalty was technically the right call.  According to the rule book, holding a player even when it started outside the box still results in a penalty if he's continued to be held inside the box.  
* Son did not commit a foul on his penalty kick.  According the rules, feinting is only disallowed during the kick.  Players are allowed to feint on the run-up to the kick.  

But again, even if those went our way, I still don't want to have to wait that long wondering what the fuck is going on.  There should be a 15 second timer.  
Inverted fullback; guess it's a thing now.  
I mean...it is and isn't a coincidence.  It certainly might have helped their decision making knowing that if people are forced to buy bluetooth headphones, they may benefit; but at the same time Apple weren't going to risk phone sales to sell more headphones.  
We're just talking about a bunch of low cost chinese phone knockoff brands; right?  

Those phone makers are always going to rip off iPhones b/c their customers are largely people who want the iPhone and are willing to accept a knockoff in their place.

In other words, for these specific OEMs, if they don't add in the notch, they probably lose sales.  
Can you be more descriptive? I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.  What player (or his number) was in the wrong
He's talking about Llorente. What I'm saying is that was wrong since with Llorente and the other player have a hold of each other's shirts.  
What's an illegal move?  Also, what?
Yea, it was terrible and more importantly, it took away from the entertainment of the game.   

They disallowed a goal by Lamela that should have been allowed...and took forever to do it.

They missed a penalty on Lucas being fouled in the box....and took forever to make a decision

They called a penalty for Trippier, but still took forever to make a decision.

A bad referring decision took way Son's penalty goal and VAR didn't correct that decision....after spending forever to look into it.

VAR should have a timer of 15 seconds.  Can't figure it out in 15 seconds, the field decision stays.  

More important than calls right is the flow of the game.  VAR breaks that.  
Both players were holding each other.  If anything, the Rochdale player initiates the contact first effectively fouling Llorente. If it's not a goal, then it's more a penalty than a foul on Llorente. 
They also didn't give what was a clear penalty after VAR review in this game.  
Wat?
What's the reference here?  
I don't think it's worth the loss in sharpness.  I personally avoid going below 2.2.  
You're not wrong *technically* speaking, but as a photographer, you would also know the difference between such already wide apertures isn't going to make a difference when your eyes view the picture.  
No mate, both are wide apertures, 1.5 to 2.4 is not a substantial difference.
Of the questions you asked, (5) is the only one that applies to me.  I always turn off haptic feedback and sound when touching.  

In addition. I wish I could tweak the look of the Pixel Launcher a little bit.  Also, if I could have some control over the auto-theming; that would be great.  For example, even though I have a dark wallpaper, I don't want my notification shade to be dark as well.  
Innovations need to be substantial to be noticeable and praised.  Otherwise, there's no point.  
> Having the ability to open up from 2.4 to 1.8, for example, means you could, for example, halve your ISO from 6400 to 3200 or increase your shutter speed from 1/15 to 1/30 while still hitting your exposure target.

This is just insane.  You're comparing wide apertures, super high ISO settings, and really slow shutter speeds.   There's isn't a SUBSTANTIAL difference between any of them.  1/15 to 1/30 isn't going to make a substantial difference.  If there's any motion, it's still going to be blurry.  ISO 6400 to ISO 3200 is still going to be noisy.  f/1.8 to f/2.4 are still letting in a lot of light.  

I've been on professional shoots as well.  There's not a client in the world that's going to give a shit about the differences you're talking about.  

I'm done with this conversation.    
No, it's crazy you think the iPhone display is a 7 and it's insane you're offended by a 9 vs 10 to begin with.

Whatever man.  You're too much of a fanboy to continue having a conversation with.  
> That is well beyond any reasonable reference frame without explicitly mentioning it. 

No, it's not especially since going from LCD to OLED is a massive change for Apple.  It's important to point out it doesn't have the some of the negatives associated with OLED phones.  

>And ignored everything else that proves me right. 

Nope. And I've looked at your links.  Color Saturation is a definition about the intensity of colors.  Saturation doesn't inherently mean color accurate.  

>I'm insane for pointing out the complete lack of objective metrics in their ranking?

You're insane for wasting my time complaining about a 9 vs 10.  And that's why I'm done with this conversation.  You're clearly a crazy person.  
Actually yes.  This feature isn't really going to result in better pictures by itself.   If anything, there's a probably a better chance of this thing having mechanical failures resulting in broken cameras.  

If a feature does very little to almost no improvement, what else would you call it?  Innovation?
No, that's just your shitty fanboy driven opinions.  

My god man, you're literally complaining about a 9 vs 10.  What the fuck is wrong with you?
>Ah, and there we have it. That isn't a "general OLED negativity", since it doesn't exist in Samsung flagships, which make up the vast majority of the OLED market.

You can't be serious.  OLED's, especially Samsung OLED's back in the day were known for being oversaturated.  The Motorola OLEDs were paticulary jank.  

>You didn't even read your own link

I did.  It literally says color saturation refers to the intensity of colors.  

>Thus, both have almost identical saturation

They do not have the same saturation.  There are noticable differences between iPhone LCD levels of saturation and samsung levels of saturation.  Just look at the damn screens.  Samsung's in particular really like to accentuate greens compared to Apple.  

>Lol, you seem touchy that I'm calling out the Verge's bias. I wonder why...

Wonder why what?  I'm calling you out b/c you're insane and this whole iVerge thing on r/Android is incredibly stupid and annoying.  
The 6s is not worse.  Complaining about 9 vs 10 is insanity.  
> You're literally the only one saying it refers to some niche display, lol.

Not niche display, but he's referring to general OLED negativities. 

>No, it doesn't. I'm not going to argue basic facts with you.

Yes it does.  https://www.techopedia.com/definition/1968/color-saturation

>And it's not my bias to point out blatant inconsistencies with the Verge's rating.

You haven't pointed out shit.  The only thing you've proven is that you're an uber sensitive fanboy.  
That's patently ridiculous.  
>Only I would think that "other OLED displays" does not refer to one specific niche display? 

Apparently. 

>Saturation refers to deviation from accurate calibration.

No.  It refers to intensity of colors.  

>Besides this blatantly moving the goalposts, I actually gave you an example.

It's not moving the goalposts.  You haven't answered my basic question.  I asked when have they criticised an OEM for doing something and then praised Apple for doing the same thing. 

You haven't shown that at all.  You're just inputting your bias sensitivity to bitch and moan about how the Verge is describing the iPhone OLED screen.  

Really....10 vs 9?  You have issues man.  
> If he's calling out some obscure device, then I have to ask why he didn't say that outright.

Because only you would think that.  That paragraph is about praising the iPhone OLED.   For example, let's say I was reviewing tissue paper.  I might say something like, "Unlike other tissue paper which may be too coarse or weirdly designed, this tissue paper is just right...."

I'm not calling our charmin or whatever; I'm just pointing out this tissue paper doesn't have problems.  

>Saturation is inherently tied to color accuracy. You literally can't separate them.

No, saturation refers to the intensity of colors.  It's not "inherently" tied to color accuracy.  Different displays can be more saturated than others.  


BTW, I'm still waiting for a review within the past 5 years that criticises a Samsung display.  
It's like comparing someone with 1 Billion Dollars and another with 2 Billion dollars.  Technically, one guy is 100% richer than the other, but practically there's not a big difference between both billionaires.  

Same way, when comparing two WIDE apertures; there isn't going to be a substantial difference 
>It's not life-changing or anything, for sure

Exactly, which is why this feature is more marketing than anything that will make a substantial difference.  
wow
And again find me a review where the Verge criticises a Samsung display with the last 5 years.  
He does not mention Samsung.  You are the only one mentioning Samsung.    He's not even trying to criticise anyone; he's just saying the iPhone OLED is good and doesn't have problems like some OLED's might have.   

For fucks sake.

>You have no idea what saturation even refers to, do you? It's literally impossible to be more accurate than an iPhone and also significantly more saturated.

Do you understand what saturation means?  I'm not talking about accuracy; I'm talking about subjective decisions made my different manufacturers.  Here, lets make it simple for you to understand:

Samsung makes color accurate displays with the right saturation.  APPLE makes undersaturated displays.  That's all I'm saying for fucks sake.   
No, it's not math.  People don't look at photos and their brightness and say its too dark or too bright because the math tells them.

Here, [I took my own photos](https://imgur.com/a/O1KTf) to point out how irrelevant the difference between the two WIDE apertures are.  

Enough with this shit.  
My god.  You're insane.  

1)  He never referred to a Samsung OLED screen.  Again, for the 3rd fucking time, find me a review of a Samsung phone within the past 5 years that was criticised because of its display?  Where is it?

He was talking about the OLED in the phone and pointing out that there is no bad OLED in the iPhone like there might be in other phones, like Motorola phones, which used to have bad OLED screens.  

YOU are the one who's thinking he's criticising Samsung.

2) Are you illiterate or just crazy?  He's talking about saturation levels in the iPhone.  Again, HE'S NOT TALKING ABOUT SAMSUNG!  YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON BRINGING UP SAMSUNG OLED!!!!!!!

And Samsung screens are more saturated than iPhone screens.  That doesn't mean they are *oversaturated*, just they are *more* saturated than iPhones.  

for fucks sake.  
What are you looking at?  You're telling me you see a substantial difference from 2 to 2.8?  Really?  C'mon dude. 
Here, [I took two photos myself](https://imgur.com/a/O1KTf).  Same lens; ISO, shutter speed.   There is no substantial difference.  
It's photography.  It's not math.  The difference isn't substantial.  When people look at pictures, they don't say this is brighter or darker because the math tells them.  

jesus christ
> So you're saying that the only OLED displays this review has seen before the X are several year old Motorola phones, and that, for instance, he's never even looked at a Samsung flagship? Because that's exactly what that quote would imply

What the fuck are you talking about?  He isn't even mentioning Samsung.  He's just saying it doesn't share negative characteristics of some OLED's he's seen in the past.  WTF is wrong with that statement?   

Again, find me a Verge review in the past 5 years where they've complained about the OLED display.  Your grasping at straws.  

>No, they really aren't. You're repeating an objectively false myth. 

No, it's not a myth.  Samsung purposefully tunes their displays to be more saturated *compared* to what Apple chooses to do in their displays.  The Pixel did the same thing, although their default was to make it way less saturated than what people preferred.  

For fucks sake man.  He's talking about the tuning.  He's not criticising Samsung.  How the fuck are you finding bias in this?  Are you insane?  seriously?
He probably mean bad OLED displays like the ones Motorola uses.

>Second of all, Samsung displays are not oversaturated,

Depends on your preference.  His point was that he preferred the saturation levels of iPhone LCDs and not those of Samsung phones which ARE higher saturated than what Apple traditionally does.

Also, find me a Verge review in the past 4 years where they've criticised Samsung's display on Galaxy phones. 
And see my replies to your comments.  

For fucks sake kid, this isn't math. Photography doesn't work that way genius.  

Btw, you don't have to reply to every single one of my comments to say the same wrong shit.  
https://photo.stackexchange.com/questions/50701/why-doesnt-an-f-1-8-lens-result-in-a-lower-iso-than-an-f-2-8-lens

There is no substantial difference in light.  The only practical difference is depth of field. 
Omfg. As I told you earlier, THIS ISNT MATH!!!! Its photography and no, there isn't a substantial difference between two **WIDE** apertures.  



Seriously?  He's talking about his saturation preferences and you're talking about pentile and resolution?  Wtf?
That's not it works.  This isn't math. Both are wide apertures already letting in a lot of light.  

Again just pick up a camera; this isn't hard.  You won't notice a substantial difference between 1.8 and 2.4. 

Edit: Here's an [example](https://photo.stackexchange.com/questions/50701/why-doesnt-an-f-1-8-lens-result-in-a-lower-iso-than-an-f-2-8-lens) comparing 1.8 to 2.8.  There is no substantial difference.  
What?  This is basic photography.  There is no significant difference between 1.5 and 2.4.   

Ffs, do you even know what aperture is?  Come on dude. 
God no.  That's not how aperture works.  It's a scale from 2.4 to 16.   1.5 to 2.4 is not significant.  
Source?!?!?!?!!

For fucks sake, this is basic photography 101.  Look at the goddamn wiki article if you want.  This is simple shit. 
You don't need a comparison. It's basic photography 101.  Do you not understand what aperture is?
You're not pointing it out because it doesn't exist.  

You're a Samsung fanboy who was literally arguing me that there is a "substantial difference" between 1.5 and 1.7 F-Stops.  That's so wrong and stupid, its no surprise you've decided to call the Verge biased rather than accept the stark reality of the weaknesses and negatives of your favorite product.  And now you're calling a troll for the same reasons.  

For fucks sake, dude literally argued that there is a big difference between 1.5 and 1.7.....and then had the gall to call me disenginous. 

Smh...
No, it absolutely does not.  Not in any way shape or form.  If anything 1.5 is impractical more than anything else.  The reason standard aperture starts at 2.4 is because going below that makes images softer.  

Just pick up a camera and a 1.8 lens.  You won't see any significant light difference between 1.8 and 2.4.   

I can't believe you're seriously arguing that there's a difference between 1.5 and 1.7. No offense, but that's among the least informed things I've ever read.
No. Holy shit, fuck no.  Do you not understand what aperture is?  It's literally a scale from 2.4 to 16.  

To say there's a noticeable difference between 1.5 and 1.7 is literally shows well Samsung has tricked you into thinking otherwise.  
No, not at all.  It's really just a bunch of sensitive fanboys that can't handle criticism.  The "iVerge" thing is the most pathetic thing on the internet.

Point to me an example where the Verge criticised an Android OEM for doing something (that wasn't half baked) and then praised Apple for doing the exact same thing.  
This is such a false and annoying meme. 
That might have more to do with the lens' you are using.  

Practically, both 1.5 and 2.4 are wide apertures that let in a lot of light to begin with.  The difference between the two has more to do with depth of field than light.  

Edit: also, as Vlad points out, going below 2.4 can usually lead to losses in image sharpness on mobile phones especially. which is a good reason why people should be skeptical of Samsung.  At least on DSLRs, the softness of the image could work artistically if the photographer is going for a super wide depth of field.  On mobile devices, that's not going to happen.  
Or maybe, they have point considering the difference between F-Stops of 1.5 and 2.4 aren't actually substantial?
Between 1.5 to 2.4?  

That's really not a substantial difference.
It's 1.5 to 2.4 and if you used a dslr, you'd know how little of a difference that is.
But why would he take a buyout?  If you were him, wouldn't you rather just get released and collect all the money anyways?
Colangelo isn't Hinkie.  He's going to make mistakes like this; as long they're small ones, it's fine.
Have other English players (like Owen) gotten called out for diving as much as Dele has?  

People have gone over the top in my opinion.  
> umm.. it's called negotiating. Google it up. Also, why would Danny reveal his hand???

What?  The trade fell through b/c Colangelo said no.  He was telling reporters what happened.  

>It's better than having a player that is a locker room cancer

Oh no, without Justin Anderson; we would have players that cause locker room cancers.  AHHHHHH!   What will we ever do with the cheerleading of Justin Anderson??????  /s

>Guess what Holmes brings to the team?

Energy on the basketball court; quickness, great on pick and roll; massive dunker.  Good weak side blocker.  That's what Holmes brings.   

99.9% of NBA players are good people.  To single out one guy for being good is completely useless.  Cheerleading isn't an NBA skill.  

>You don't know shit about me and just because you don't agree with anything I say doesn't mean I haven't followed the team.

You compared the excitement levels of Dario and Bolden.  You didn't follow the team closely.  You know that and I know that.  

>umm.. You are aware that they needed to spend cap money? It isn't like Redick fucked Colangelo and made Colangelo overpay him. There's a reason why Redick is getting 23M and it isn't Colangelo "overpaying role players".

I didn't say it was a bad move genius.  I said it wasn't a move good enough to call Brian a good GM.   

>Very informed and smart to have picked MCW

Yup, it was a great move to draft him and then flip him for the Lakers pick.  

>Also, Noel isn't exactly a superstar.. can't even crack the lineup in Dallas.

Noel isn't in the lineup b/c Mark Cuban is a batshit lunatic who's spiteful.  He was good enough they offered him 70 million dollars in the offseason.   

To say he's a backup center ends this argument.  Combined with the other things you've said like Justin Anderson's cheerleading praise, you clearly don't know a whole lot to justify arguing with any further.  Goodbye.
lol sure you are.  You're not making any sense at all.  Your arguments are weak.  I'm calling it a day.  I've wasted enough time on this.  
>LMAO... Toronto is currently #1 in the east, largely in part because of his decisions in the past

Lol. No. They are not number 1 b/c of his moves.  DeRozan and Lowry aren't the major reasons the raptors have a good record this year.  It's the bench and roster building that Masai did; not what BC failed at and wasted draft picks and cap space on.   

Hinkie left the Sixers not just with stars, but also with key role players to give us a strong core of players to win with.  

> You know people are able to lie, right? You know people sometimes say stuff like this and spread false rumors in order to gain an advantage or to make the other part look bad? You must be incredibly naive if you don't think this happens in NBA negotiations.

Why would Danny lie about offering up the 2016 Brooklyn pick?  You're grasping at straws man.

>There is more to playing basketball and having an NBA career than shooting and passing the ball, you know?

Yup, the bench cheerleader skill is really really special /s

>You don't know anything about me

I've read your arguments.  You haven't closely followed the team the last four years.  Don't lie about that.  

>Also, don't think Hinkie created tanking for getting draft picks.

Didn't say he did.  He did fundamentally alter the way teams value draft picks though.   Before his process, teams used to give up 1st round draft picks like they were monopoly money.  

>When did Colangelo "overpay" for role players? 

I was referring to the Redick contract.  I'm not giving him credit for getting Redick by overpaying him for a 1 year deal.  

>You must have strongly HATED Hinkie all those years before the process panned out

I was skeptical of his hiring at first, but then his first draft; he flipped Jrue Holiday for Nerlens and MCW and then presented a plan on how get good long term.  He's earned my respect with his litany of smart and informed roster decisions.  

No, you really don't understand what risk management is if you're literally arguing about the near zero chance of the worst possible scenario happening.  

For every one of Sam's pick to not work out and not leave us with any stars is such low probability, you have just as much chance to be hit with lighting.  

Go tell your finance colleagues about how Warren Buffett could be bankrupt right now because "THERE IS RISK INVOLVED" in his trades and watch them laugh at you and then fire you.  
You're the one with the problem if you seriously think you can get away with diminishing what Buffett and Hinkie have done by exaggerating the degree of risk to which they achieved success.  

>Sam Hinkie was Embiid not panning out away from his plan having failed.

Again, that's absolute horseshit.  We had multiple top first round picks to try and get superstars.  If we didn't get Embiid for whatever reason, odds are we would have gotten someone else.  Perhaps we have a team of Noel, Simmons, Jaylen Brown, and Jayson Tatum.

I don't think you understand the difference between risk management and risk taking. 

>I clearly asked you if the word “Okafor” or the word “Sixers” clearly came out of Ainge’s mouth? Did it?

You're being pedantic.  They're multiple reports from trusted reporters in combination with people reporting what Danny told them.  Even in a court of law, this would pass the beyond the reasonable doubt of what happened.  Give it a rest for fucks sake.  

>Even if the rumor was true... you don’t even know if the “1st round pick” was protected 

The guy literally said Danny told him it was an unprotected 2016 Brooklyn pick.  It would have gotten us Jaylen Brown.  

>So yeah, saying Colangelo is a bad GM because of this is just a matter of you not liking Colangelo and you being extremely infatuated about Hinkie.

Colangelo hasn't done anything to be considered a good GM.  Not to mention, he only has this job b/c of his Daddy and he's already proved himself a failure in Toronto.  You're literally calling him good because of crazy shit like Justin Anderson being a good cheerleader.  You know that's insane.   

Unlike you, I have actually followed this team closely over the past 4 years. Sam Hinkie has earned my respect with his savvy moves and value innovations.  I don't give GM's credit for signing washed up vets off the waiver wire.  I give GM's credit for trade raping teams like Hinkie did the Kings and Magic.  I don't give GM's credit for overpaying role players.   I give GM's credit for finding quality players from nowhere like Covington, TJ, and Holmes.  

I'll like Colangelo when he actually does something to deserve it.  

My god man.  This isn't hard.  Why aren't you getting this?  

Buffett and Hinkie are in risk management.  The words "risk management" imply they are taking risks. 

But the SIMPLE THING that you seem incapable or are choosing to not understand is they making decisions based on intelligent analysis and informed decisions to make decisions that have the best chance of maximizing return and minimizing risk.  

No one labels Warren Buffett a risk taker.  No one labels the best Poker Players risk takers.  No one labels Sam Hinkie a risk taker.  Yes, they're jobs involve risk, but what makes them successful is that they make informed decisions that leave them the best chance of being successful.  

Warren Buffett was never a bad move from going to bankruptcy.  Sam Hinkie was never a bad move from going broke either.  He left himself many opportunities to maintain chances at getting a great player.  He had multiple top picks.  He acquired top picks from the Hornets/Pelicans, Lakers, and Kings; in addition to keeping the Sixers in position to get high picks themselves; all the while developing young players (like Cov and TJ) and keeping optionality on cap space.  
People who've talked with him mention Okafor....who played on the Sixers u know.  
Risk Management is not the same is Risk Taking.

It's like the opposite.  
If you went to Wall Street and said Warren Buffet was a risk taker, they'd laugh at you nonstop.  It shows a complete naivety of what he does and his process.  

Same with Sam Hinkie.  Calling him a risk taker is just a bizarre label.  
>I can probably find 100 articles about sources talking about stuff

Then find me sources saying this is false.  Most of the reports **literally quote** Danny Ainge.  You just don't want to believe them for the sake of your own flawed argument. 

All these posts, and at the end of it, you've put yourself in the side of Hinkie is just lucky, Anderson is a good player because he cheerleads, BC is good because he signed Illyasova and Marco.   

Cool


>In this universe we slipped to the 5th pick in the 2014 draft... We select Dante Exum. The process is over. Hinkie is a bad GM.

Or maybe he doesn't draft Exum and trades the pick.  Hinkie's process is about getting the best value.  

>Don't tell me it's 100% skill and no luck for the love of God...

Nothing is, but saying what was a deliberate strategy to give himself the best possibility to get great players is "risk taking" is disingenuous.  

>Also, Hinkie had a team.. he wasn't working solo. There's a medical staff, there's other people taking decisions and helping the GM. What the hell does Hinkie have to do with knowing if he should play Embiid or not? Hinkie now is a medical expert too?

It was his decision to shut Embiid down for the second year and even send him to Qatar for treatment. He also made a lot of changes to the medical staff after the Bynum fiasco.  The Sixers have talked at length about the measures Hinkie took to put Embiid in the best situation to recover soundly.  Why do you think Embiid loves him so much?  

>you seem 100% sure that Hinkie is some kind of demi-god.

Dude, I'm literally talking about what he's done and the process he set forth.  You're throwing all sorts of nonsense to diminish what he did.  Calling what Hinkie did total luck is entirely bizarre, ineffectual, and just plain wrong.  
Nothing in life is a 100% guaranteed.  Look if your going to call Hinkie a risk taker, then I'd hope you'd apply that same label to Warren Buffett and the best Poker players for the sake of consistency.  
> lol ok... So Hinkie planned Embiid's multi-year injury so he could get the #1 pick so he could draft Simmons and then Hinkie also planned Simmons injury so we could get Fultz.

Hinkie put the Sixers in position to have a chance at a high draft pick that season after Embiid got hurt.  He choose not to resign Ish Smith after all or spend cap space on short term Jerryd Bayless'

Fultz is BC's, but the pick we traded to the Celtics for Fultz was because of Hinkie's pick swap with the Kings.  Our pick was actually #5 last year.  

>Without Embiid panning out, there is no process

Our process might look different with a different star, but at the end of the day, Hinkie put us in position to get a great chance at multiple stars.  It happened to turn in Embiid in this universe.  In another, it might be another player; another trade, something else.  It wasn't just blind luck.  He steered the team to maximize our chances at getting foundational talent.  

You're also taking for granted the hard choice Hinkie made in drafting Embiid.  There was a lot of talk that Hinkie should draft Dante Exum in that draft.  A lot of people were scared by Embiid's back injury and his limited basketball experience.  

And on top of that, he managed Embiid really well.  Another team would have played Embiid his second season given the pressure that was Hinkie to begin with, the same way the Blazers played and ruined Oden before he was ready.  

>Sure, Hinkie had a plan.. he wanted to accumulate as much assets as humanly possible.. but there is no way that accumulating such assets ends up with what we have right now 100/100 of the times.

No, but to say he stumbled into what we have is incorrect.  He played his cards to get the best of chance of success.  A great poker player doesn't get lucky.  They play the odds to maximize their chances of success.  That's what Hinkie did




No, because they were young and given the right rehab, I wasn't worried about them.  

I don't want to go down the Fultz rabbit hole, but calling it an "injury" is a little disingenuous.   He didn't actually break or tear anything.  

>Did Danny say the team was the Sixers? No. = Rumor.

People he spoke to certainly said so.   Dismissing that as just a rumor is a little weak given all the sources talking about; not the mention Colangelo's choice of Okafor vs Noel the offseason after.   Bill Simmons was even talking up Okafor during that deadline, even though a few weeks before he was dismissing him as a poor mans Al Jefferson.  

I don't think Billy King would have done much different than Colangelo.  Both them have history of doing dumb things at other teams. 

Hinkie wasn't a risk taker.  He was smart analytical and informed decisions.  Your artist metaphor doesn't work here.  Hinkie literally built our core and got us picks and cap space to flesh out the rest.  We knew this at the time.  That's why we praised him and shit on the Colangelo's from day 1.  

Hinkie's plan wasn't a shot in the dark.  It was built on making choices that had the best chance of long term success.  If anything, Hinkie was massively unlucky and had to succeed despite roadblocks like Embiid's second injury.   2 years in row, the Sixers didn't win the lottery despite the best odds to do so.  
> Oh... and you were 100% sure that both Noel and Embiid were coming back and were going to be good/great players? Considering the stigma big players have with injuries???

Actually yes.  Because they were normal physical ailments.  I was never worried about those guys playing well if they're healthy.

With Fultz, I honestly have no idea who were getting.  I'm sure he'll be okay, but will he be the catch and shoot 3pt threat we thought we were getting?  I have no idea.  

Also, let's not compare what Fultz went through compared to what Ben, Nerlens, and Jo went through.  Fultz's thing is legit weird.  

>Also, you know how many rumors get thrown around? Unless there is concrete, factual evidence (not a rumor or a post by a journalist), then it's total BS.

The reporters were literally quoting Danny Ainge.  It's not a rumor.  It's from the horse's/Danny Ainge's mouth.  

>Lastly, (if true) Hinkie was the GM. He could have pulled the trigger and he didn't.

Colangelo was President of Basketball Ops.  He made a point to say he had final say in all things.  It's part of why Hinkie eventually resigned.  


I don't disagree with what you're saying entirely, but those are moves that any GM could make.  I just don't think impressive for BC to sign those guys.  
No need.  You were right to call me out on that.  
> Did you feel the same way about Hinkie drafting Noel while Noel was injured and not ready to play? Did you feel the same way about Hinkie drafting Embiid and Embiid being injured and not ready for 2 years? What about Simmons?

No, because the situation the Fultz is different.  They are clearly other factors at play here.  It's not as simple as Fultz is hurt and will be fine when he gets back. 

Hinkie also drafted Noel and Embiid with their injuries as known factors.  There wasn't any surprise.  He drafted them hurt and weighed their injuries against their potential and came out ahead.  

Colangelo looks completely surprised.  For someone in his position, I would have expected him to be more diligent.  It seems like he jumped at the chance to draft him instead of taking the time to find out why Boston was passing on him and if it was even necessary to make a trade in the first place.  

> Hinkie had that trade? Why didn't he do it then? Guess it was the owner as well...

>Don't talk to me about "probably" or "maybe"... Talk with FACTS.

He didn't do it because [Colangelo forced him to back out:](http://www.nbcsports.com/philadelphia/philadelphia-sixers/report-jahlil-okafor-was-celtics-target-proposed-blockbuster)

>Boston Celtics president Danny Ainge appeared on 98.5 The Sports Hub (via ProBasketballTalk) Friday and said he was "very close" to pulling off a deal involving a big package before the other team "backed out." While Ainge didn't mention any player names for obvious tampering reasons, Steve Bulpett of the Boston Herald reports that the proposed trade involved Sixers rookie center Jahlil Okafor, according to a league source.  Adam Kaufman of WBZ NewsRadio added that Ainge told him the Brooklyn Nets' unprotected 2016 first-round pick held by the Celtics was part of the package.

He's the Lakers pick.  That's what matters.  Turning the 10th pick into the Lakers pick is a good move. 

And we probably would have had a Brooklyn pick for Okafor as well had the Colangelo's not gotten in the way.  
First, sincerest apologies for the extreme language.  I lost control; didn't mean to take it that far.  

> I never said Marco and Ersan were "super amazing signings"... I said that they are exactly what we needed at the moment and the best we could do at the moment and I'm sure the vast majority in this sub will say the same. If you think we didn't need more bench scoring and additional veteran presence then I honestly think you haven't watched a single game this season.

To say they're "exactly what we need" is complete over-reaction.  They're going to be as many games where they hurt us as much as they're games where they help us.

To my point, they're completely irrelevant players in the larger picture.  Years from now when we think of the 17-18 season; Marco and Ersan aren't players we are going to think about.  Was Matt Barnes an important player for the Warriors last season?  Neither are Marco and Ersan.  Glad to have them; but they're not going to move the needle.  Colangelo doesn't deserve your praise for signing them.

>Jonah's team also plays in the EuroLeague which is the 2nd best league in the world you dumbass

Fair point, but to compare him and Dario is still objectively wrong.  

For what it's worth, I don't think it's a terrible move by Colangelo.  I'm not giving him an F on it.  If Fultz comes good, then it's certainly salvaged.  But the early results are what they are.  We have a player that forgot how to shoot and Boston has one of the best talents in the draft + a potential top pick.  

>The situation with Nerlens and Okafor was happening since Hinkie... It was a bad situation and neither Hinkie or Colangelo could have done much about it...

OMFG!  How many fucking times do I have to tell you that Hinkie had a trade that would have shipped Okafor to Boston for a Brooklyn pick.  For fucks sake man.  And Noel, Hinkie probably would have entered negotiations with him early and gotten a covington like deal where his salary is stretched and still maintained a great backup/embiid insurance and also saved some of the Noel's trade value.  

>Maybe Hinkie could have.. if he would have only drafted Porzingis over Okafor.. but yeah, I guess it now was because of the owners fault. Hinkie is perfect, right?....

Hinkie drafted Okafor b/c Scott O'Neil wouldn't let him draft Porzingis.  You can still blame Hinkie for not fighting that as much as should have.  I do consider the Okafor pick Hinkie's one and only blemish on what was otherwise stellar decision making.  

>Hinkie could have also drafted CJ McCollum or Giannis, instead of Noel and Carter-Willams... but that you won't mention, right???

I'm not holding any GM accountable for not getting every pick *perfectly* right.  Noel was a good pick and MCW was a the ROY he was then able to parlay for a better pick.   He objectively made good picks in that draft.    

Embiid took the nickname as an homage to Hinkie and Hinkie's process.  The Process refers to Hinkie's plan and Embiid calls himself the Process because he was a big result of that plan.  
>We have mentioned these 2 things like 10 times already

Because they're very fucking important things you're ignoring for the sake of your own ignorance and stupidity.  

>Also, signing Bayless was not a bad move at the time he was signed, we were still in full rebuild mode and needed some players... It sucked that Bayless got injured that first season and it sucked that he was signed for 3 years instead of 2. I'll admit that was a bad move.

Signing Bayless was absolutely dumb move.  We absolutely did not need him whatsoever.  It was rebuilding year.  Overpaying veterans on a rebuilding roster is an anti-process move.

> That is not true. Hinkie paved the way but not every single thing we have right now is because of Hinkie.

No, it is true.  We had nothing when Hinkie came and now we have a core of players his process assembled.  

>Covington and TJ are unique and very rare examples of guys getting a lot more playing time than they would have gotten in any other possible situation and them making the most of it...

Covington was clearly good early on.  And btw, who hired the coaching and development staff that helped grow those guys? Hinkie did.  To say Hinkie doesn't credit for finding the developing those guys is absolutely stupid.  

>Only fair weather fans acknowledge that Booker is a positive player in terms of personality and team energy?

Only fair weather fans and basketball idiots think personality and "team energy" are real tangible things or skills.  They're not dude.  Praising someone's attitude in lieu of talent is dumb dumb dumb.

>It's ridiculous that you think they are irrelevant moves when they bring EXACTLY WHAT WE NEEDED. We're already a great defensive team who was lacking bench firepower and WE JUST GOT THAT. Jesus Christ...

No, they are not EXACTLY what we needed.  They're journey players that could help or suck defending on how their shots fall or their defense plays out.  If you think Ersan Illyasova and Marco Bellini are some super amazing signings that meaningfully improve our team, you clearly have a novice understanding of basketball.  

>Also, although he was very good, there were people who didn't think Saric would be as good as he is now or people who thought he was never coming over... In addition, there is a similar type of excitement with Bolden, who is also playing very well in one of the toughest leagues outside of the NBA. 

OMG!  This is sooo fucking stupid.  The Israeli league is not a good league.  It's amateur as fuck.  You clearly weren't paying attention to the Sixers during to Hinkie years so to say that there was as much excitement over Bolden as there was over Dario is COMPLETELY WRONG!  Dario was a literally good player the entire NBA was talking about during the draft.  The worry with him is that he might pull a Mirotic and stay away 4 years to avoid the rookie scale.  

Bolden is just a common draft and stash.  He's literally in Israel b/c we told him to go there b/c he wouldn't make the team otherwise.  

>Exactly, Colangelo has not fucked up = is doing a good job of keeping the process alive

You're the type of guy that probably gives someone a participation trophy.  I have higher standards that expect more than overpaying for veterans or signing washed up ones off the waiver wire.  



It's not your fault
You just sound like someone who's been fucked over so much you're willing to let the less egregious things pass.   
You said the Process doesn't refer to Hinkie. That's objectively wrong.  

Also, you might have missed the rest of my comment. 
>Ok dude... Tell me what would you have done different? The team is in great shape at the moment, considering we won 20 something games last season.

Let's start by not vetoing Okafor to Boston for the Brooklyn pick.  Don't sign Bayless. Etc etc.

>We're good because of the pieces Hinkie left... so I guess we're going to be good because of what Hinkie did a couple years ago for the next 30 years and all other GM's post-Hinkie will be trash?

What?  Dude, literally all the good things about this team right now are because of Hinkie.   Don't be daft.

>Tell me what Colangelo has done bad besides Bayless and apparently not getting a first round pick for Okafor?

Those are pretty big things. He could also have been fucked over by Danny Ainge.  He could have not torpedoed Nerlens value.  He could actually found good value players like Hinkie did with Covington and TJ. 

>positive player for the time he has been here and has brought energy and passion to the team... so yes, chemistry and team development.

This is nonsense.  Only fair weather fans would say such ridiculous things.  For fucks sake.  

>Marco and Ersan are not irrelevant moves. They take care of things we are in desperate need of... we needed bench players who could score and that's what we're getting in Marco and Ersan. Besides from getting additional guys who can provide a veteran presence and playoffs/championship experience.

They're also streaky shooters who are very questionable defenders.  They are largely irrelevant moves.  Certainly nothing to brag about. 

>No one expected anything from Saric...

Wow, you really didn't follow the process years.  That's a bizarrely stupid and wrong thing you say.  Saric was a immediate hit for us. He only fell to 14 because he wasn't going to come immediately.  We were excited the moment he was drafted.  And he played in actually good leagues winning awards and accolades.  Comparing Bolden to Saric is dumb.  

>People are even saying Lebron to Philly... I would have never in my life imagined that would even be a rumor (oh, but I guess it's because of what Hinkie did in the past).

If LeBron comes to Philly, it's because he's joining the infrastructure that Hinkie built.  Give Colangelo for not fucking that foundation up, but that's it.
>"Plan and methodology" that's LITERALLY what I said the process is but in other words... See my previous post: "I see the process more like a movement and strategy."

And it's Hinkie's strategy.  It's his teachings that we follow.  

>This is Anderson's third year in the league and he has improved quite a bit..

Lol, no

>There are other important aspects of a basketball player like being an energy guy and a good locker room presence and Anderson brings value in those aspects.

No, 99% of NBA players provide that.  Cheerleading isn't a real skill. 

>No one wanted Noel, if they did, we would have gotten a much better trade offer. Noel was about to be a free agent by the end of the season. NO ONE WANTED HIM!

No. People wanted him, but Colangelo destroyed his value. No one was going to give serious assets for him because Colangelo fucked up the situation royally

>As much as I like and praise Hinkie, I think you might be a bit obsessed about the guy. Like ok, trust the process but hold your horses man... everything that isn't Hinkie doesn't suck.

dude, you're telling me that Anderson is a good player and I'm the crazy person??? For fucks sake.  I like Hinkie because he was objectively awesome.  Hell, his impact on draft value is felt all around the league.  
No, the process was Hinkie's plan and methodology. Saying otherwise is honestly the most absurd thing I've heard.  

Anderson is not a good player.  He's a scrub.  I like him, but get real if you're calling that a good trade.

Colangelo isn't just far from perfect. He's an average at best GM who walked into a great situation because of what Hinkie built.  
No, you can read. You just seem to be ill-informed about the past 4 years and the context surrounding those quotes.

>"He's been bad so far"... we're literally like 2 games behind the 3rd seed, what are you talking about?

We're as good as we are because of the pieces Hinkie left in place for us.  Colangelo has been a replacement level GM.  

>I believe Colangelo has done a wonderful job,

What has he done that's wonderful?  Signing Jerryd Bayless?  His best move was giving Redick a 1 year 20+ million contract.  Aside from that, all his moves have been irrelevant and bad.  

>What else has Colangelo done bad? Not get anything in return for Okafor?

How about not stoping Hinkie from trading Okafor for what was a Brooklyn pick?

>although Booker is not a great fit, he has been a positive player in terms of chemistry and team development.

Chemistry and development???? Wtf? No.  Booker is about to get cut. It was a totally irrelevant move; waste of a second round pick if anything. 

>We just got Marco and Ersan.. we have Bolden overseas waiting to come over

Marco and Ersan are irrelevant moves.  They're not good defenders and streaky shooters.  Bolden probably isn't much. I'm not getting excited because he looked okay in Israel. 

>JJ Redick was also an awesome signing and Justin Anderson has shown a bit of promise and is on a super cheap contract.

Redick was a good signing. Sure, but I'm not giving him an award for signing a complementary player to a 1 year 20+ million deal.  Anderson is not promising.  He probably won't be on the team next year. 

>I thought our team and the process would get destroyed... but that hasn't happened.

Sure, it's fair to give him props for not fucking things up, but that's an incredibly low bar.  
No, the process is Hinkie and his plan; the use of analytics and the long view to make smart and informed decisions.  It's not signing Jerryd Bayless to a 3 year contract.  It's not turning down a trade that would have netted us a Brooklyn pick for Okafor.  It's not trading away a key player for a fake first.  
And why should a fan care about a business that's already insanely profitable and rich?

Or are you the type of shit fan that cares about the bottom lines for millionaires and billionaires?
>He is basically saying that Hinkie couldn't get things done

No, he's referring to Colangelo literally trying to trade him.  Dude, did you not follow the rumors during that draft??? Colangelo was trying to move him.  

And yes fuck Colangelo and Scott O'Neil. They stopped the process.  Our hope is that Colangelo doesn't completely fuck up what Hinkie left him, and he's been bad so far.  
The process refers to Hinkie. Wanting out b/c Colangelo is a dumbass is ultimate process. 
He got ugly because Colangelo made it clear Noel was the odd guy out in the off-season.  He referring to Colangelo trying to trade him; not throwing shade at Hinkie.  

Noel said fuck you to Colangelo, not Hinkie and the legacy of the process, for which he's a big part of.  
Yea, I don't think you've been following the process all that closely though.  

Noel was injured and had surgery.  It's not "injured", just injured and guy trying to take care of his body.

And the minutes thing was in reference to after he came back, he was limited to only 3 minutes per game and didn't play for a little bit either.  It was bizarre situation that made very little basketball sense, other than a directive from Colangelo to give as many minutes and opportunities to Okafor to rescue his value and try to make themselves look smart for blocking the Okafor trade to Boston. 

For fucks sake, he was never even allowed to play with Embiid because Colangelo wanted Okafor to have the benefit on that combo. 
Ok....what's wrong with any of that?  The Sixers had a logjam at center.  Hinkie tried to trade Okafor before the Colangelos put a stop to it.  
Scott O'Neil is the Sixers CEO and one of the guys that stabbed Hinkie in the back.

He's also the fuck that jumped at the opportunity to put ads on our jerseys.  Fuck Scott O'Neil. 
Are you new or something?  Noel is one of the key members of process.   Don't ever disrespect him.  The only reason he's gone and asked for a trade was because Colangelo poorly managed him and shopped him around deciding to go with Okafor.  

For fucks sake, Nerlens even said Sam would have never traded him.  
Still need wing depth in case of injury.  Booker should be the one cut
Noel trusted the Process.  Sam was his dude.  He was a victim of the Colangelo's ego.   They vetoed an Okafor trade early on and decided to go with Okafor over Noel; probably to spite Sam. 
No. No one in there right mind should be.  It's LeBron freaking James.  He's immortal.  

The only real argument against LeBron is an irrational one, that being that you'd rather just win without him than with him.  That's an argument that I personally subscribe to.

But basketball wise, there is no argument against LeBron James because he's fucking LeBron fucking James. 
I really want to see another Vince Carter again
Oh ok. There was another dude on r/NBA who had a question about the last four years of basketball because apparently he was spending time in a thai prison

To answer your question, MCW was never really good.  He played decent defense, but he was mostly a terrible and inefficient offensive player. Hinkie was able to flip him for the Lakers pick which conveys this year (unless it falls between 2-6...which will go to Boston b/c of the Fultz trade; otherwise, they get the Sac pick next year unless it's #1)

When he was traded, I think people were split.  Many had already given up on him and were excited about what the Lakers pick could be.  Others thought he could still develop and it was too early to give up on him.  Nevertheless, it was great decision to trade him.  Even though pick didn't convey for 3 years, MCW is nothing more than a bench scrub at this point and getting a 1st round pick is great value for him.  

He just doesn't have the tools offensively to be a good point guard and his defense isn't that great to make up for it.  
Are you the guy that was in Thai prison?
Trust the Process
You guys are way too happy over Ersan.  I like him too, but calm down.  
Huh? See any of the photo comparisons and you'll see you're wrong. 
>* I didn't notice any significant performance improvements, there's still small framedrops/jank typical with the previous Samsung flagships

Lol Samsung
Wtf asshole
He's so fun to watch.  He had a particularly vicious dunk in the first half.  

It's Orlando so there isn't much to really grade him on.  Amir is the more sound and consistent player, but id rather play Richaun.  He's going to have games where he's terrible and gets into foul trouble, but we have a higher ceiling as a team when he gets in the game. 

Plus, he's infinitely more entertaining to watch than Amir.  And that's really why we're all here.
Could you tell more about it.  What kind of company are you guys?  Why Dropbox?  Do you think it does something that Microsoft or Google couldn't do as well?  

I'm more just curious to know if there's any potential for their business product.
I don't remember the exact particulars, but there's a limit to the drip that Nasri did.  I think because of the attention Nasri's GF brought, it was reveled he might have taken too much of the drip thing?
He was doing the match commentary for the Arsenal Europa league game.....so his presence isn't entirely useless.
I guess you can never have too many good players, especially young ones, but it's going to be hard for him to play when Kane and Son will be ahead of him. 





Davies isn't as young and doesn't have as high a ceiling anymore so his value is less.  

I doubt the actual figure for Ryen is that high, but a large part of his eventual pricetag is due to the potential of him being a star player.  
Is this from the totally football show?  I remember hearing him saying that, but it didn't sound as assured as this comment implying it's Spurs.
Anyone who argues that LeBron coming to the Sixers is a bad thing basketball-wise is an idiot that doesn't know shit about basketball.  He obviously makes the team better in every way and practically guarantees a title.

Having said that, I don't want him to come for simple entertainment/narrative reasons.  Id rather win a title beating LeBron than win some being his next mercenary vehicle.  It's an irrational opinion, but being a sports fan in itself is an irrational human experience.  

Of course, being a sports fan and with the irrationality that comes with it, I'm sure I'll convince myself to continue cheering for team fully if he does come here.
When prima nocta becomes law and you're forced to watch me impregnate your wife, I'm glad to know you won't make a fuss since rules are rules after all.  
Fair point
Not to sound glib, but software developers don't release bugs on purpose.  It just happens.  For all we know, a bug may have been inadvertently introduced when they were plugging a security vulnerability.  
Are you talking about that in terms of general consumers or business users?  
Does anyone here use Dropbox for business? Is there anything actually compelling about it. 
teams are closing out on him more lately.  In the beginning of the season he regularly had more looks since he and Sixers were more under the radar.  It seems as though the adjustments that opponents have made have knocked him out of his rhythm at times.  

I just removed a toastmade wood cover from my phone and it didn't remove any paint.  It's not dbrand, but I think they use the same 3M adhesive so my guess is that it should be a problem.  
Thanks.  Also, Go Birds!
>Once we're in the new stadium we can pay bigger wages.

And even then, we still won't have enough muscle to compete with Man City, United, etc etc.  

What we have now is a rare opportunity to actually win league or Champions league titles with the core we have.  The chances of us finding another Kane, Alli, Poch, Eriksen, Toby are going to be difficult if not impossible.   

What we should be doing is investing in this core and get the best out of them while we have a chance.  Even with a new stadium, this chance might never show up again.  In 4 years, we can pay higher wages to players and managers that won't be as good.
Fuck.  Just fuck.  I can understand the wage structure, although I have severe questions why it's as low as it is.  AFAIK, the stadium financing was done prior to the explosion in TV revenue.  

I do trust Levy's decision making, but I do question his ambition.  Is he calibrating his risk profile to just stay in the top 6 or is he willing to make the best of Poch while we have him and extend the risk a bit more?

I think the answer is Levy wants to play it as safe as possible.  It's makes sense why we bought two right footed center back in the summer.  The plan to sell Toby has clearly been in the cards for sometime.  

I understand it.  But it sucks.  Poch won't stay with us for that much longer.  Or window is going to close sooner rather than later.  And changes are we won't have a trophy (a real celebrated trophy like the league title or champions league title) to show for it barring a miracle of some sort.  

I was just looking at that one actually. If you could attach pictures later, I would really appreciate it. 
They're only making the clear glass for the Pixel 2; not the black border ones. 
I look at objective evidence and not some stupid subjective shit like weight of all things. 

This isn't the 90s man.  Most teams don't play back to the basket because it's inefficient.  If that's your criteria for what makes a good defender in 2018, then your basketball knowledge is even further behind than I thought.  And to be honest, I didn't think you had much knowledge to begin with.  The shit you write is sooo stupid sometimes.  

I like yours better honestly
Stupid organization does stupid things.  What's less shocking is that you agree with them.  
>And if you ask Dallas fans, they're thankful Nerlens turned down the extension. 

The idiotic ones perhaps.  

>70 Million for him would've handicapped their space for years to come.

lol.  For a center of his skills, that's really good value.  We would have extended Nerlens if he agreed to that.  

>They're so far away and need to start building around DSJ.

Partnering him with Nerlens is a great place to start.  

> Because that garbage is more basketball knowledge than you're capable of comprehending. Steals for a big man, is utterly unnecessary. Every time Nerlens reaches around for a ball, he brings himself OUT of position to deny the penetration

Completely false.  Nerlens has long arms and he knows when to reach and get steals.  He doesn't get himself caught out of position.  

>And yes, because I don't like how a player plays defense does very much make him a bad NBA defender. I have my demands on defense.

You're not an authority on what is or isn't defense.  The numbers speak for themselves.  You're some dude on the internet without no substance to back up his inane rantings.  

>He's not a guy you can have against an elite post big and succeed.

There's like only two elite post bigs in the NBA.  Who cares?  It's such a nothing skill.  Look if you want an elite post defender, you can go find any number of guys with the size to cause problems, ask the Nets about Mozgov.  

>He's Josh Smith. Just lesser talented than Josh.

That doesn't even make sense.  Just because he's thin and tall?  How serious are you?

For fucks sake, when he's on the court, teams play worse than when's off the court.  If you want to say anyone's a bad defender, that's one aspect of reality you'll need to alter first.  
  
>He's so exceptional that Dallas doesn't play him!

They offered him 70 million based on what he did the final months of last season.  As far as what's going on this year; that's probably has more to do with business and Mark Cuban being spiteful than anything else.  

>Nerlens's steals numbers are precisely why he's a bad NBA defender at center. I'm not looking for him to poke balls

How does someone even write and think this garbage?  He's a bad defender because he gets steals?  My god that is stupid.  And btw buddy, no one gives a shit what you want.  You don't understand NBA defense.  You really fucking don't.  You're not a good coach let alone a talent evaluator.  Just because you don't like how a player plays defense doesn't make him a bad defender.  If anything, we've learned it's quite the opposite.  

>I'm looking for him to protect the rim. That's the prerequisite at center. if you can't do that, you're not a starting center.

He's one the NBA's best rim protectors.  He defends the rim at a high percentage and gets a good amount of blocks as well.

>He's not a good basketball player. He never was a good basketball player. And none of those statistics bore out anything.

Absolutely zero truth to any of those statements.  Just idiotic ramblings of a madman.     

Dude, you don't know how to scout. You have some myopic and narrow understanding of basketball that says things like Covington and Nerlens are bad defenders.  It's like whatever basketball knowledge you have doesn't go past 1998 and you show very little understanding of modern defense.  

I'm sure we've been through this a hundred times already, but for the record here are some basic facts that prove you completely wrong.  Throughout his career, the teams Nerlens as played on have always been better defensively when he's on the court.  Opponents have a much easier time scoring when he's on the bench than when he's on the floor.  That alone completely proves false your idea that he's isn't a good consistent defender.

On top of that, you have his stellar block and steal numbers (rare for a 5 to good at both).  You have his stellar defensive FG% numbers from inside 15ft. And he has great advanced metric numbers with high DBPM, DRPM, and DWS among other things.  I can go and on and on if you like, but the bottom line: Nerlens is a exceptional defender at the 5 and saying otherwise is pure stupidity.  

I think they rather keep this sort of stuff in the off-season. 

Fwiw, I liked your post.  Good job. 

DeAndre is a better rebounder, but Nerlens is better defending on the perimeter.  

The hands thing with Nerlens isn't a big deal.  His turnover rate is league average. 
His offense is exactly what you need from a modern day supporting 5.  Offensively, he makes his teammates better with his rim running and movement.  He has a DeAndre like effect on lineups. 
WTF?  He was with us for 3 years and he was a perfect teammate.  Joel called him his best friend.  

Where the fuck is this revisionist nonsense coming from?
Joel is one of the leagues best. He's another level.  Nerlens does an elite effect on most lineups.  Offensively, he's efficient.  His ability to rim run and play pick and rolls is ideal for a modern 5.  
This is so wrong and stupid.  
What advanced stats are these?  His TS% and on/off stats are telling.  His defensive metrics are very good.  

Comparing him and Richaun Holmes is idiotic.  Nerlens has always been a smart and good defender.  
Absolutely, before this year.  Did you not watch the Sixers during the process years?  He was fantastic.  The Mavs didn't offer him 70m for nothing. 
Try to put it in the net.
Implying that Nerlens wasn't a good consistent defender is sheer nonsense.  
Traditional stats only tell half the story on Nerlens.  He's a lot like DJ, so you have to keep that in perspective.  His advanced metrics and his on/off numbers across his years with the Sixers paint a very positive picture for him.  

He's gotten better every year.  He's improved as a free throw shooter and has improved his offensive efficiency every year.  Yes, he's played fewer games every season, but I think that's more circumstance and bad luck than anything else.  

When he was with us, he was an elite center that did everything you'd want from a starting 5 on a championship team.  It's hard to imagine him having lost that ability in two years. 
I'm don't buy that he's regressed.  He was great for us while he was here and he played very well for the Mavs during that stretch at the end of last season.

I find it hard to believe his talent just dropped off a cliff to the point where he's not playing.  The only thing that makes some sense to me is the Mavs are concentrating on tanking and Mark Cuban (who's a little crazy) is punishing Nerlens or Rich Paul for not taking the extension he offered.  

I would love to bring him back, but it really depends on how we approach FA altogether.  Our priorities will probably be in retaining JJ on a friendlier deal and getting another 3&D player (Ariza, Green, Bradley, KCP).   There's also exploring the possibility of signing a star to a max contract including LeBron or PG13. 

Nevertheless, he would be a massive get for us if asks for a reasonable one year contract to prove himself to the open market again.  I'd argue that in many ways, next to getting one more 3 pt shooter, his defensive presence on our 2nd unit nonetheless would really elevate our team defense to top tier levels.  Having a backup center that can rim protect and rotate on the perimeter would be a massive advantage.

Having said all that though, I think he goes some place we can start.  If I was advising him, that's what I would tell him to do.  Go to a place where he can start, prove himself again, and then resign for his massive payday.  
> Dude mark has been tanking the whole year ~~and~~ *by* not playing Nerlens.

FTFY
I'm on the Feb update and haven't had want of these issues with the Pixel 2
I think the Panda looks best with a thin clear case.
I bet Ernie Grunfeld said this.  
It's over two years old at this point and the traction has been terrible.  It's not just reddit, it's the fact.  It's nothing more than a few basic games and some indie apps.  

The whole point of UWP was so that it would lead to more apps across Windows Phone, Hololens, and XBOX.   All failures. Just because you like developing for it doesn't justify its existence anymore.  For whatever apps still exist, the major ones like browsers, work suites, and major games still stay away.  


Then why hasn't it caught on?
For the same price, go with the Pixel 2 XL (Panda).  I have a Pixel 2 and I like it a lot, but personally, I would rather have the taller screen on the 2XL.   Also, get the Panda color.  It makes the bezels look smaller in comparison to the black one.  

I have a Pixel 2 fwiw and it's also a great phone, but a major part of my purchasing decision with that was the lower price. 
I thought it was a really good movie, but it's way overhyped.  I guess that's a problem with movies nowadays, especially action movies.  If it's good, you eventually have people going overboard and raising expectations to unfair levels.

However one thing that really annoyed me where the action scenes.  They weren't very good.  Too CGI heavy and chaotic to be enjoyed in comparison to what we normally see from Iron Man and the Captain America movies (which are amazing).  
I'm just having a fun debate.  On the other hand, you seem obsessed with just replying to my comments with logical fallacies.  
huh?  No, if Google made took away the ability to expand notifications on the lockscreen, I absolutely wouldn't like it.  
Doesn't work that way.  You need some sort of proof to make an accusation.  
Yup. 
My pixel 2 didn't go through any of that stuff at all.  That was the XL.

And why you think the Pixel 2 is relevant in a discussion about the Mate 10's shortcomings is beyond me.  
No, I think it's more that certain fanboys can't handle any sort of criticism without being petty and butthurt about it.  
So you don't understand what the word "can" means?  Is that it?

And still, you're being incredibly petty.  The review is praise all over and you found something to complain about.  That's pathetic AF.  
It's literally one sentence that says "larger size **CAN** be cumbersome."

You're being incredibly petty.
For a team like us that tends to play teams that play defensive and congest the box, it's really hard for strikers to shine.  
So, you admit you were bullshitting and then you go on to describe this as a bug!  Dude, your all over place.  
Lol, sure.   
Enjoy your expensive buggy iOS rip off phone. Cheers.
Again, what evidence do you have that Dan didn't do that?  You're literally bullshitting.  


Check off the app in battery saving?

For fucks sake. 
I'd rather get a phone that doesn't force me to deal with that sort of bullshit. 
>as does every other phone.

No, not remotely comparable.  The Mate 10 is shit. It's a poor iOS ripoff.  If you find Android boring, but iOS rip-offs exciting, then good for you I guess.  But most people aren't going to feel that way.  
That's absolutely bullshit.  Dan knows how change launchers.  You're making up a silly excuse to defend Huawei's shittyness.  

If you have proof that Dan didn't change the default launcher setting properly, serve it up, otherwise don't waste space with BS.
It has other problems beyond the notifications.  And there are plenty of better phones that have smooth software and better software.

It's called shit because that's what it is.  You just happen to be one of the few people that either like it or have convinced themselves to like it.
The fact they got rid of expandable notifications is enough to call this a massive failure.  Don't defend this piece of shit just because you own it. 
He did do that, but the one of the many Mate bugs would set it back.  
>For example, you can’t expand notifications on the lock screen, so deleting an email or marking a to-do complete can’t be done without unlocking the phone. 

For fucks sake, Huawei
Citation? Most mainstream reviewers don't mention battery size as much as they emphasize battery life.  And yes the size of the battery plays very little effect on battery life between iOS and Android.  
The fuck are you talking about?  This is what they said in their review:

>Luckily for Samsung, the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are excellent devices to begin the work of rehabilitating its image. They are the best Android phones you can buy right now, with stunning displays, beautiful design, and great performance.

>They aren’t perfect, though. There are few things that might make you think twice about upgrading, such as that terribly placed fingerprint scanner and only average battery life. But the shortcomings, as notable as they are, are far outweighed by achievements like its toweringly large screen and reliably good camera. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend these phones to anyone in the market for one.

To try and make it sound like they were unfairly negative towards the S8 plus is just Uber fanboy sensitivity.  Shame on you.

I heard a K sound.  
Dude, the word Chink could audibly be heard.  Look, I think most people including myself believe it was an accident, but your explanation is really bizarre.  
Why would he say Ching on purpose?  Is that even a real word?
It's just such a strange thing to stumble into.  Watching the video of the Asian dude reacting to it....it sounded like he was a combination of shocked and angry and everything.   

>How the hell are you people not getting that he actually didn't do anything wrong? 

He might not have meant to do something wrong  and fwiw, I believe him.  But the word still came out.  Ultimately he's the most responsible for this fuck up. 
What.   I think you broke my brain, but whatever. This shit is crazy, I'm going to bed.  Hopefully no other sixers accidentally says a slur in the meantime.
This could be a curb episode.
This is like the worst curb episode of all time.  At least JJ will have a story for his grandkids about the time he accidentally offended over a billion people. 

Edit: This would actually be an amazing curb episode....call Larry David!
That sounds better?
I'm sure he didn't mean to say it, but the fact of the matter is that word came out.  It's was a mistake on his part and his initial response should have been better.

Ultimately, this was a mess he created.  You shouldn't be blaming people, many of him who don't know JJ for being offended when hearing that.  If some random dude just said that in a video, I don't think your first thought would be that he must not have meant to do that.  
This is all very very stupid.  I don't have any reason to think JJ is a racist or actually would say a slur in a video like that, but I still don't understand who it came out like that.  It's not like he said Nick Kerr or something.  I'm generally baffled at how a tongue twist can cause that hard K at the end.  It's crazy and annoying. 

I can totally understand Asian fans who are probably going to a much higher level of confusion and puzzlement as I am.  

I was literally talking to my friends about how good the Sixers are doing and how things are looking up and then I open Reddit and see this shit.  

Disappointing really.  JJ is smarter than this. China is a huge market; if I were in his shoes I would be putting in a lot of thought of what to say just to have a chance at connecting with that market, let alone possibly avoid saying anything offensive.  
AFAIK, their camera app is tuned specifically for the Pixel and Pixel 2.  It sometimes working on other phones is more coincidence or luck; not intended behavior. 
Accordingly the article, the only thing he's doing wrong is shooting too much apparently.  They mention he's a good guy.  
When it comes to this argument using the bars thing, it would show a significant difference.  
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Not really a great comparison when you're comparing a 2017 phone with a snapdragon 835 vs a 2016 phone with a snapdragon 821.  

I guess it's progress that the S8 is finally performing better than an older generation, but we can't judge the improvement unless it's compared to phones on the same generation like the Pixel 2.  
WOJ BOMB!!!
Sure, I agree with that. 
He is an attacking mid right now.  I just think there's a similarity to Dembele, who also was an attacking mid early in his career and later became an CM. 
I didn't say he was as strong as Dembele, just that he uses strength to hold off defenders when he's dribbling.

There are some similarities.  Namely, the thing about the both of them is that their primary skill is dribbling in tight spaces using skill and strength.  

Of course, there are differences as well.  Malcolm is shorter than Dembele for one.  And you're right, currently, they play different roles.  

But, so did Dembele when he was younger.  Remember, at Fulham, he was more an attacker that later moved into central midfield.  

My *guess* is that if Poch is interested in Malcolm despite the attackers we have, it would be because he sees Malcolm as a long term Dembele replacement.   But, it's just a guess.  
I've been listening to him for a while.  He was a Sam Hinkie guy (and a Noel guy fwiw).  The only thing you can accuse him off was not sticking up for the Sixers as much when Juliet Litman made fun of the Sixers.

He was never an anti-process dude.  Spike and Mike had him on RTRS a couple of times.  
Fwiw, I think Malcolm seems closer to a Dembele replacement than anyone else.  Nevertheless Dembele is such a unique player, it's going to be impossible to find someone who can exactly fill his shoes.   
He hasn't spent years of bashing them.  Wtf are talking about?
I agree discretion is important, but we don't have the ability yet to sign stars, so when players of potential become available, it's absolutely worth the risk.  

Fwiw, Malcolm seems to be a very good dribbler in tight spaces and has a killer left foot.  Perhaps, Spurs envision him as a Dembele replacement one day?  
You can never have enough good promising attacking players.  If Spurs feel that Malcolm has potential to be a great player, they absolutely need to go in for him.  No questions asked.

There's no way he should be playing vs Rochdale.  As a sub, sure.  But start Son at striker or even Llorente.  
Twitter comments: jeez those kids are annoyingly naive.
"Blakey"
In theory, this could lead to better quality, but the other possibility is that forced parity leads to lower quality sides.  Teams might be more competitive, but they may all be crap.  

That's a problem in the NFL now.  The NFL has parity and teams with the best coaching and management tend to win, but no team is really great and good games are hard to come by.   The Patriots were the runners up this year and their own fans would say they sucked most of the season compared to the quality of play maybe a decade ago.  

I'm perfectly fine with the free market approach currently used in the premier league.  Personally, I think it's wrong to artificially cap the salaries and wages football players can earn.  

Also, as some of the top premier league teams have gotten richer and richer, the other bottom sides have also gotten better.  The quality of these top rich teams has brought in more money and viewers to the entire league.  That's brought on more investment to the league like with the Thai owners of Leicester. We've also seen more teams like Southampton and Tottenham innovate and make major structural changes to better compete.  

I think it's fine the way it is.  Fwiw, the theory of capitialism is that competition rises all tides.  We've gone from a top 4 to a top 6.  It might not be too long until we see a top 8 and then a top 10 in the premier league.  I think it's fine the way it is.  
So, there's basically no way the Clippers could sign LeBron and keep DJ and Avery Bradley?
Really good to watch this.  Hopefully this is the start of him getting his form back and we don't see videos a week later with that hitch back. 
I have a salary cap question for anyone that understands the CBA and it pertains to the Clippers and the potential of their pursuit of LBJ. 

As I understand it, the Clippers have a cap figure of $112m for 2018-19.  However, if DJ and Austin Rivers exercise their options; they'll have $75.4m as their cap figure leaving them just enough room to offer LeBron a max contract.  

Also, as I understand it, they would also have to renounce Avery Bradley's cap figure as he heads into UFA.

My question is: If the Clippers could convince LBJ to join them and take up their remaining cap space, could they then resign DJ, Avery Bradley, and Austin Rivers using the Bird rights (?) exemptions or some other exemptions to market value contracts taking their 2018-19 Salary Cap figure to something over $150m?  

Or do the Clippers lose the ability to use those exemptions once DJ and Austin exercise their exemptions and they renounce Avery's cap hold?
What the fuck is that centerpiece?  Also, surprised LeBron doesn't have a bigger TV.  
Those numbers aren't good, especially considering his below average 3pt% and his inability to get to line consistently especially with the usage rate he has.  

Again, Jordan only got paid because he was a FA a time when teams mistakenly thought the cap would go up and up and up and up.   In 2018, we know full well his contract is garbage.   He's a mediocre backup player getting paid like a contributing starter.  

>Philly has taken on plenty of bad contracts, Travis outlaw, AK47, Carl Landry, Jason Thompson, and Gerald Wallace 

What?  Dude, those guys were expiring deals or near expiring low money contracts.  And w/ regards to Landry and Thompson, we got valuable Kings picks from them. 

Ryan Anderson is owned 20 million/year over the next two seasons and the Rockets don't have valuable draft picks or assets to pair with him.  There are not many teams that can eat a 20m contract anyways.  Cap space is limited these days.  
Are you seriously trying to argue that Jordan Clarkson isn't massively overpaid?  Dude.  Lou Williams is making 8 per year.   Jordan Clarkson is a career -1.5 BPM and you're telling me 11.5 is only meh?  Don't get carried away by two decent games.  He sucks. 

>As far as Anderson goes he will be hard to move but not impossible. A team at or below the salary floor would take him for picks or one good pick any day. As a philly fan you should know this. Honestly i hope the rockets can’t trade him as a cavs fan.

The Rockets don't have any assets to include in such a trade.  The Sixers never took contracts that bad without getting seriously good assets in return.  When we traded with the Kings we got a pick swap and next year's first. 
In contrast, look at the Wizards. They're completely cap fucked.
It's fine sometimes.  Early in the season I thought Greg Anthony, Steve Smith, and McHale made a good combination.  But since then, it's been mostly awful. 
Are you sure?  I'm down.  
You just cited a lot of the league's worst contracts.  These were players that signed when the league all of sudden got a ton of cap space and teams went insane.  No one (except the Cavs apparently) want the Jordan Clarkson contract.  

I find it tough to see how the Rockets can get rid of the Ryan Anderson contract.  
Crossing just isn't that important.  Often times, defenses try to force opposing teams to force crosses.  Like yesterday.  Juve were very happy whenever Davies would send in a cross.  The crossing statistics between most players just aren't very significant.  I actually think Ben Davies value comes in his ability to play quick short passes in midfield than send in crosses to congested areas.  

> He still created our only goal that match, and it was a massive match for our season. And our midfield was the weak point that day to be honest.

It was a great cross and passing play.  I don't want to take anything away from him.  But just to be clear, our midfield ran all over Arsenal.  Part of the reason Wenger went away from the press early on is because our midfield was able to get through.  Dembele was incredible. 
Their offense isn't great, but it's good enough to cause issues come playoff time.  It's similar to the Cavs.  It all relies largely on one player.  The Celtics at least have a better more creative coach.  

I'm calling Jordan Clarkson shit b/c he is shit and it's funny how everyone here has forgotten how bad a contract he is.  The idea that he's going to be a key piece for you guys going forward is laughable.  

Just remember, when LeBron joins the Lakers next year; you'll have Jordan Clarkson to show for it. 
Their offense isn't great, but it's good enough to cause issues come playoff time.  It's similar to the Cavs.  It all relies largely on one player.  The Celtics at least have a better more creative coach.  

I'm calling Jordan Clarkson shit b/c he is shit and it's funny how everyone here has forgotten how bad a contract he is.  The idea that he's going to be a key piece for you guys going forward is laughable.  

Just remember, when LeBron joins the Lakers next year; you'll have Jordan Clarkson to show for it. 
It was one game dude.  Don't get over-excited.  I'll cheer for you guys against the Celtics, but they have a solid team and defense that's going to be tough to beat over 7 games when you're relying on the likes of Jordan Clarkson to not be Jordan Clarkson. 
I'm not worried about end product when it comes to Rose and Davies.  It's more important how they create space for others, which Rose is better at.  

Arsenal aren't a big club anymore and quite frankly, Wenger didn't challenge him unlike the first game where he was pressed and struggled heavily.   Like I said, he's a good solid player, and it's been great to have him as Rose is often injured.  Having him as a backup has been key to our recent successes.  
I disagree, in the few games he's played, Danny has shown the pace we need.  I think he's looked better than Davies especially when it comes to creating space and occupying defenders down the pitch.  

Davies has played fine these games, but he's out of his depth in many of these bigger games.  He was really bad yesterday in a way that wasn't surprising.  
I thought Rose has looked fine when he's played. There's going to be rust, but he needs to play to sort that out.  
Cavs are the slight favorite, but the Raptors and Celtics have are very close to them.  They have better teams.  It's only because of LeBron the Cavs have a chance.

By the way, just to be the clear, if LeBron leaves, the Cavs are fucked.  Jordan Clarkson is young, but he's still Jordan Clarkson. 
He was one of the weakest parts against Juve and I don't think he played all that well against Liverpool either.

Like I said, he's a good player and we're lucky to have him in many ways.  But we should always be playing Rose if he's healthy.  
These trades aren't making the Cavs any more likely to win the title.  C'mon dude.  You see Jordan fucking Clarkson as the key to them beating the Warriors or the Rockets?  I don't think it's a given that the Cavs come out of the East anyways.  
Of course it does. The only thing that matters for Cleveland is to keep LeBron.  That's the only thing that matters.  It wasn't possible before the IT trade for LeBron and PG13 to play together in LA, not without making some destructive trades to clear cap space.   The Lakers might not have had enough to make LeBron want to go to them.  
Wait, you think this team can beat the Warriors?  Seriously?  If they beat the Warriors and win the finals, I take back everything I've said about the trade.  But I just don't see it.  I don't think they're really all that much better.  I don't think their defense has gotten better.  And I don't see your bench unit really contributing against playoff teams.  

I think you're a Cavs fan hoping for a scenario in which LeBron stays, but all objective evidence points it the other direction.  The Lakers will still have enough flexibility to add more pieces.  Nerlens is a rim protector and a Rich Paul client.  If LeBron goes to LA, look for Noel to join him.  

Also, the Cavs won't have any cap space.  Hell, their cap situation got worse because of these trades.  I don't think you understand just how bad Jordan Clarkson's contract and George Hill's contract are.  LeBron isn't getting any younger.  You honestly think he's going to waste time (probably 2 years) for the Cavs to clear space or just join PG13 right now?  
LeBron + PG13 plus Kuzma, Lonzo, and Ingram are a contending team.  

Do you really think a core of LeBron, Love, and Jordan fucking Clarkson is better?  Nah dude.  

Btw, the Nets pick is 7th now and has very little chance going lower as the teams below them are all trying to tank hard this final stretch.  
Good, take care.  
Those other ways would have been tougher.  Jordan Clarkson was more bad contract than good basketball player.  

Either way, I think it's a mistake when the Cavs are the one who made the LeBron + PG13 combo possible.  
Would it still have been the right choice when LeBron joins the Lakers with PG13 in the summer?  

Everyone keeps on ignoring that aspect of the IT trade.  Cle all but guaranteed LeBron to the Lakers with that move.  
I like this trade better.  DJ would have solved a lot of their defensive issues.

But more importantly for Cleveland, it wouldn't have opened up cap space for the Lakers, essentially guaranteeing that LeBron and PG wear the purple and gold next year.  
Good analysis.  For the home leg, I just hope Poch plays Rose on the left and shifts to back 3 giving help to Trippier.  

I like Davies as a backup, but these last few weeks when he's started ahead of Rose has been driving me crazy. 
Read the Neubeck article and the tweet above. It's clear that his shot was broken during the time after summer league and before training camp when Williams was working to change Fultz's shot.  In his words, he wanted to: 

>Williams does acknowledge they have worked on what he said were a few minor alterations, including limiting the dip at the beginning of his shooting motion.

Something happened at that point that broke Kelle, got his shot "fucked up" (Markelle's words) and likely caused the scapular imbalance.  
Yea, where have you been?  Read Neubeck's article or just the tweet above.  
Calm down shithead.  All we know is Fultz was working with Williams when his shot was fucked up, something bad happened because he tried to change his mechanics.   

To ignore and downplay the responsibility that Keith Williams has had in this debacle is stupid. 
Mitchell is playing really well and leading his team.  Simmons is the better player.  More consistent for sure.  It'll be interesting to see how things look like at the end of the season.  If Mitchell leads them into the playoffs in the west, he probably deserves it.  
It won't happen unless Nerlens is willing to take a 1 year prove it deal. 
Huh?  Seriously?  He's one of the better defensive bigs in the modern NBA.  He can rim protect and hold his own on the perimeter.  Offensively, he plays winning basketball. 

He's the prototypical modern day 5.  And he didn't cause any drama while he was here.  I'm not sure what the hell went on in Dallas, but he was a great player for us.  Maybe you weren't paying attention.
Damn man, are you Keith William's brother or something?  Why are you so offended and non-sensical? 
Yea, I don't understand why Kelle is still working with Keith either.  He needs to stop trusting his career in someone just because they were family friends.  

Shooting with different sized balls??? How stupid is that?
Maybe Keith didn't intend for the shot to look like it did, but he did try to fuck with his mechanics and along the way he broke something.  

Just read Neubeck's article and how apparently he was having Markelle shoot with different sized basketballs....for some reason.   
Okay, this settles it for me.  He fucked up his mechanics.  It's not injury and not exactly yips.  He or his stupid trainer broke his mechanics.  
Nerlens is the prototypical modern day 5.  He absolutely could start on a championship team. 
These particular guys aren't NFL guys.  I don't think the play by play guy has much experience calling anything.  The color guy is more versed in MLS.  
Only when Fox has certain champions leagues games.  It's annoying.  They're not even at the games.  They're commentating from a studio in New York. 
NBC hires actual commentators and good ones too like Chris Drury, Jon Champion, and Arlo White among others and they're always at the games.  All the Premier Leagues are on NBC, so the experience is usually great.  They also have great studio analysis.  

Fox only curses us with less experienced American commentators for Champions League games.  The worst part is they're not even at the games.  They're usually commentating from a studio in New York.  
It's not bad, but the keyboard is too shallow for a lot of people and the touch bar is useless.   Also, USB-C hasn't taken over and it probably won't which means dongle life for many people

But it's still a good laptop.  Just not as good as other MBPs at the time of their respective releases and it's upsurdly expensive too.

Apple likes to say things like Best iPhone ever or Best release of OSX ever.  It's just not true in terms of the MBP.  The first unibody MBPs, the MacBook Air, and Retina MBPs were much better releases at the time.  
The screens on the non Retina Pro and the Air are generally the same.  

Have you looked around at prices for retina 13 pros?
Is this the 13" or 15"?  I have the 2011 MBP 15".  It still works fairly well, provided some upgrades (SSD, RAM), but it's too heavy to be a browsing/bed machine.   

You may want to look for an older MacBook Air/retina 13 pro maybe?

Also, I understand wanting to keep your budget low, but you should consider how long you want your laptop to last.  If you buy a newer machine, it will probably last longer than a 2012 model at this point in time. 
Wow, even his tweet storms are long and over written. 
I haven't tried the Spigen, but the amFilm was fine.  Not perfect, but 7/10
I'll never forget his [goal against Nottingham](https://youtu.be/oyRu4o4OlP4).  It looked like we were going to lose that game and be knocked out of the cup until he hurled in that absolute screamer.

Also, his goal against Sunderland was one of the [best combination goals](https://youtu.be/0PrY8CGbD4Q) I've ever seen Spurs convert.  
>it's cool to see LG working with Google on this rather than going the Samsung (Bixby)

I think you read it incorrectly.  There are not working with Google.  If anything, this sounds exactly like Bixby.  Their thing is going to be on the phone alongside Google Assistant like Bixby is.
I completely disagree.  Aurier is the better player in every way in my opinion.  He's obviously much more athletic and pacey, but he's also a better dribbler and I've found his delivery more dangerous than Trippier.  The problem for Aurier has been his sometimes over-agressiveness plus he's also bit the injury bug as of late.

I view Trippier the same way I do Davies.  Solid but unspectacular players.  They can do the necessary things to be successful, but they aren't going to offer the same dimensions and flexibility that Rose and Aurier do as natural wingbacks.  
Another loan then
It wasn't him.  He wasn't hired yet.   At that time, the reports were Sixers management resisted the idea if drafting him because he was more of a mystery compared to the much more lauded Okafor.  Plus there was an injury question to Kristaps and his agent would let us see him in a workout or do a physical.  
His real only positive in Philly was his defense.  Hornets fans: What's that like now?  Is he still a good defender?
Hinkie reportedly had a trade with Boston to send Okafor to them during the trade deadline during his rookie year.  It might have involved a Brooklyn pick.  Bill Simmons was even talking up Okafor when the rumors hit.....but Papa Snake Colangelo nixed the deal.  
I'm going to be an asshole for a second, but I didn't get it wrong.   This was a dumb trade for Cleveland from the very beginning.  You don't trade superstars for issues like this. He had three years left.  They were better off working it out.  Also, the Lakers trade isnt any better.  That's a really bad trade as well because it ensures LeBron goes to LA. 
Well, I would still say Rose is unquestionably the better player for me.  He's just capable of much more and his pace and quickness is something that really makes us better and more dangerous side when he's in the squad.

Ben Davies is a more limited player, *but*, he does really well with the tools he has.  I think he's a more technically sound player.  He's an important squad player for us.  And his ability to fill in and play well is something we're lucky to have.  
Wenger gave us the win yesterday.  In the first game, Arsenal pressed us with their wingbacks and really hurt our attack.  In that game, we played too many long balls and could never really set anything up.  I was really worried the same would happen when I saw Davies and Trippier in the team sheet.  

In yesterday's game, he decides to sit back and invite pressure instead? It doesn't really make any sense when you consider the defense they have.  Their CBs are small and their midfield has no defensive instincts whatsoever.  It seemed like he wanted to play like Leicester with Aubu as his Vardy.  That only works when you have big bruising centerback that can handle that pressure and a midfield that can break up attacks and launch counters.  Arsenal don't have that.  

He played into our hands.  Quite frankly, it's disapointing we didn't score more.  We should have had 5 goals.  And I'm concerned how Lacazette was able to get those chances at the end.  

Still a win is a win, and I'll gladly take it.  We're in good form headed into the champions league. 
Wenger MOTM for me.  Absolutely bottled the tactics.  They had the solution against us in the first game when they pressed and forced us to play long.  Today, he sits back and invites pressure against 6,1" Koscielny and 6,0" Mustafi?????   Really really dumb.

Still we got lucky with the chances we let get away from us.  Should have scored 5 goals today.  Also got lucky that Lacazette fucked up those two chances at the end.  

But the result was deserved. We were the better team.  Arsenal are fucked.  
Hillary made a lot of mistakes.  But it's much more crazy to ignore the Russian connections and the hacked emails.  

If there was legitimate reason to doubt the Russians being the source of the hacks, then I would be with you, but I haven't seen any argument that conveys that reasoning with solid reasoning or facts.  

Dude, you sound in denial.  There's no legitimate reasoning to doubt that the Russians weren't behind it.  
What else was he going to say?
A lot of that work seemed to have been done before summer league where he looked great.  Also, considering zero(?) Sixers reports even floated that possibility, I find that theory hard to put much stock in.  
Where's the progress?  Guys, he's been shooting from the paint all the time.  He even made a couple of buckets against Boston from short range with good form.  

This isn't progress.  Just more of the same.
The are only two non-yips theories that make sense to me.  First is that his Ankle injury in summer league probably made him to subconsciously use his upper body more when shooting, which then led to the injury.

The other possibility is that he just had a dumb trainer who told him to change his mechanics because he wasn't strong enough to consistently shoot from the NBA 3pt line.
This is all sooooo wrong:

>It was crazy, yet genius at the same time. Hinkie wanted to blow up a playoff team and build a foundation from the ground up before certain contracts became too large for the 76ers to handle. Out the door was Andre Iguodala and Jrue Holiday and in return, the 76ers gobbled up draft picks for the future

I'm all anti-Colangelo, but this dude doesn't really have his facts right.  
A little bit of backstory here that might explain it.  When NBC first started showing games, they relied heavily on the Men in Blazers (two English dudes) to promote the premier league and one of the bits they did was to say that everyone in England was either red or blue.  Tottenham fell under the blue category.  Other clubs like Norwich and Crystal Palace were just ignored.  
>James says he supports Spurs because "I had a very privileged upbringing and my dad thought it would be good to put in some hardship somewhere along the line".

😁😁😭
Fwiw, I like using the Android vs iPhone thing as an ice breaker/tease.  
IT is recovering from injury.  Jordan Clarkson is a bum.  The Lakers were one the leagues worst teams when they had these young guys as their best players.  There is no upside if LeBron leaves.

The Lakers won.  The Cavs fucked themselves.  
The Cavs front office might be dumber than Billy King and the Nets those few years ago.  

That IT trade all but guarantees LeBron signs with the Lakers next season because they have enough cap space to sign him and PG and possibly get creative to add even more pieces.  Imagine us trading away Bayless to some team for expiring contracts AND then even getting a first round pick to top it off.  This has to be in contention for one of the worst trades of all time. 

I'm not even sure they got better in the short term.  I know everyone likes to bitch about team chemistry, but the Cavs proved 2 years chemistry is overrated.  It's not like the players they received are known as good defenders anyways.  

It must suck to be a Cleveland fan.  They literally give birth to their savior only for an incompetent front office and owner to fuck it up not just once, but now a second time.  
Dude, not only did Cle possibly lower that talent level on this team short term, they all but gave LeBron a red carpet to the Lakers.  They just gave those guys room to sign PG and LeBron and even have some room to be creative.  

That front office make Billy King look good.  They ensured themselves losing LeBron, which was a possible worst case scenario to now a very probable scenario.  
This seems like a really dumb trade for Cleveland.  Their talent level just went down.  And they just made it easier for LeBron to join the Lakers.   

Like seriously Cleveland, WTF?  How stupid are you fucks?  Congratulations, you solved your team chemistry issues, something that clearly proved doesn't matter since they won the title 2 years ago with the same shit. 

I feel sorry for Cleveland fans.  You have the dumbest owner in the world.  You have my sympathies. 
Looks like Marshall Faulk with that shave
>Market value for a 19yo is clearly not 1.5 million a month.

PSG certainly thought so. He scored 41 goals for PSG including 6 goals in 9 champions league matches.  He's on the world's most elite talents.  And if PSG didn't pay, others including Real Madrid, Barcelona, and Man United also would have come up with similar amounts.  

>He’s not so young anymore, but this is a discussion on going around Gareth Bale right now. If he was to leave RM, where could he go to earn his supposed ‘market value’? 

I don't think you understand what market value means.  Every player gets their market value.  That's how economics work, players get paid what the market is willing to pay.  So, yes Gareth Bale will get his market value.  But chances are with his long recent injury history, his market value has fallen.  
What the hell are you talking about?

You pay them their market value. Do you not understand what that means?  This is basic economics kiddo.   Contracts aren't some linear mode of progression.  

>If you start high, and he’s already very very high at 19, where do you go for his next contract at 21? The one after that at 25, when you might expect a player to be at their prime age for performance and ability? 

That's not how it works.  Teams don't give players contracts and more importantly, players don't accept contracts based on age.  It's based on **market value**.  Mbappe is paid based on his skill level compared to his peers. 

He's considered among the best in the world, so he's paid accordingly.  As he grows older and presumably gets better, he'll get new contracts accordingly.  If he gets worse, like Renato Sanchez, his wages will fall.

>You don’t negotiate a new contract with a player and pay the *less* as they reach their prime years, you pay them more.

In what universe do you think players get paid just because they grow older?  You serious?

Players get paid more as they grow older because usually they get better and the market values their skills more.  


With all due respect, that's ridiculous.  Age shouldn't be a factor in wages at all.  Ability is the only thing that matters. The best players deserve to get paid more than those that are worse than them.  

And if Mbappe reaches new levels of talent, he deserves salary increases to that level.  If by next year, he's a better player and Neymar and Messi, he should be paid more than them. 
I really don't understand why age matters.  He's a great player and he should be paid accordingly.  
We'd be amazing with LeBron in every possible way, but I'd rather win it without him than with.  It's an irrational opinion, but I would find it more entertaining and rewarding to win with our core group than be LeBron's next mercenary employer.
LeBron on this team would literally destroy the NBA.  Good short term and long term.  This is the place where he would not one, not two, not three....

**BUT**, I'd still prefer he went someplace else.  It's just about my personal entertainment/narrative factor and, again, personally speaking, I'd rather see this team build organically from the ground up rather than turn it into LeBron's next mercenary destination.  

It's stupid and nonsensical, but it's just my feelings on the matter.  Plus, I've always cheered against LeBron (though I've always respected and loved him), it'd just be too wierd for me to be on the side of the fence. 
Doesn't Charlotte have enough centers?  What the fuck are they doing?
Remember who everyone thought the Cavs won that trade in the off-season?
Extra rehab time?  Also, considering his size, it probably makes sense to take things really slow with him and make sure when he comes back, he's not only healthy, but has done the extra physical work to be stronger going forward.  
Yea, it's not.  Per NBA stats, he gets around .98 points per possession.  It's not great.  Generally speaking, post play has never been an efficient form of basketball.
There are two reasons this happens.  First, it's our youth with their turnovers.  Our best players are freshman and sophomores who are still learning and developing.

The second, and quite frankly, main reason is that we lack a ball handler who can create his own shot.  Defenses get tighter as the games moves on which makes it harder to get buckets through movement.  The only option we have at times is to post up with Joel which isn't all that efficient.  
Don't worry buddy; keep working.  You'll get into grad school next year.  
That's Ian Eagle
When I run, the sides of my knees hurt.  I've taken breaks from running for this hoping that it'll heal with rest, but whenever I start running again, the pain comes back, even on short runs.  

Any tips on what I should do?  
I have an Ticwatch S.  It's just a basic cheap Android Wear watch.  The only thing that I've found smartwatches good for are running.  With my watch, I can just leave my phone at home and run with my watch providing the music and tracking.   
How's his defense?  
I think there's a broader question of what the hell has been going on in Japan's tech industry over the past decade?  When I was a kid, these brands were dominant and everywhere.  I would really love to read an educated and informative take on their downfall.  
Apparently, it's more pink than red according to the verge. 
Saw the video; it looks really fake.  
Eagles ask what he wants to do. If he wants to stay, he stays.  If he wants to go, he gets traded to a team of his choice.  
Really solid find. I guess people are downvoting because he isn't an exciting name, but we desperately need wing players and you're right, 7m is nothing.  We easily move him if need be.    
>Okay, when Joel is in DEEP, there's less chance of that. Either he puts it in, or he's fouled. One or the other

And it's near impossible to get the ball into deep positions on a regular basis for post ups.  

>Capela only gets lobs. In your world, I don't think you start Capela

What, those are pick and rolls.  That has nothing to do with post ups.  I would love to see more pick and rolls with Embiid without question.  

>Damn near every shot is worth "1 point" in total(1.10, 1.30-ish, etc.)

My God man. If you think the difference between those numbers isn't significant, you're hopeless.  It's basic math.  Figure it out.  

>And getting Joel deep post position, where ALL he has to do is put it up there is something I'm going to do. 

On pick and rolls, that's fantastic, but on post-ups thats and unrealistic expectation. 
>Again, Joel getting the ball 18 feet from the rim and advancing himself to the post is NOT a post-up play. Anymore than when Zach Randolph does it. There, I said it: We use Joel Embiid as if he was Zach fucking Randolph. But Joel isn't as strong as Zach, hence the turnovers.

Lol, that's idiotic.  It doesn't matter where he starts.  Posting up is posting up.

>It's not inefficient. You get players out in foul trouble, you take out a Whiteside, a KAT. It's huge. And defenses have always fronted the post. It didn't stop Shaquille O'Neal in Phoenix.(It didn't stop him in Miami either.) 

Post play doesn't get more than 1 PPP. Embiid is the best at it (.98 PPP of the players that take at least 3 attempts). That not very efficient.  And yes, that takes free throws into account.  Getting other centers into foul trouble isn't worth giving up pts.  

>So see, I've watched basketball in that era. I've watched it since I was 9. I've seen good-to-great post players. You really think Yao Ming would have to drift out? All 7'6 of him?

For fucks sake kid, rule changes in the 2000s make entry passes deep in the post very rare. How do you not understand this.   

>Just keep telling yourself that magical rule changes are the reason we have sucky ball handlers who struggle to do much of anything and a general lack of post commitment admitted by BB himself. 

Embiid has more post ups than anyone in the league.  You're a fucking moron.  
>It's not too easy to deny entry passes

Yes it is when you have two defenders rotating over.  Do you seriously not understand the 2000 era rule changes?

>Also, it's not about efficiency. Yes, it's really not. It's about strategy. When Joel gets deep post position, you'll either get A: A bucket, B: A bucket and a foul. C: Just the foul. You'll also get less turnovers. 

Everything is about efficiency. The goal is make the most of every possession. That's how you play winning basketball.

And even when you include free throws, post play is still largely inefficient.  Joel does do a better job than most, but he needs to be able to do more outside to be the most effective offensively.  

>Also, Joel doesn't get set-up in the post that often

Because defenses can deny entry passes much easily in the post.   

>We can pound the ball more with Joel. Joel and BB have to make that conscious decision. 

You need to understand the rules and defenses in the modern NBA, otherwise you'll continue to sound outdated.   Joel and Sixers post up more than just about anyone in the NBA.  
Ok coach
Why would it be? These are multiple agencies, many led by Republicans.  We have bipartisan consensus on what happened.   
>It seems odd that the DNC hired a security consultant who is experienced with the particular organisations they accuse of the hack to investigate and then the FBI doesn't collect evidence themselves.

Not really.  The FBI wasn't denied anything.  They got what they needed.  

You're concentrating too much on the forensics evidence and not the other investigations done by organizations like the CIA which have sources and spies.  
It's an attacking role. It's not like he's doing anything wide right now.  Playing wingback would at least allow him to get the ball and run down the channels. 
Need to change tactics.  I say sub Lamela in for Dier and play 4141 or sub Lamela in for Davies; shift for a 343 with Son and LWB and Dembele/Alli in center.  

Neither is perfect. But the issue is Davies/Trippier are staying back inviting the press.  

I really don't understand why Poch didn't rotate to Rose/Aurier.  Davies and Trippier limit us.  
3-4 per game is perfectly fine.  

>Yes, he posts up, but its frustrating when you see him make guys look like idiots down low, then next possession he's posting up just within the three point line. It isn't impossible to get deeper in when you're 7'2" 275. 

Because after he clowns guys, the defense adjusts to that and denies those chances.  You can't honestly expect him to do the same thing over and over again.  Not realistic.  
It doesn't have to be all computer forensics.  A lot of investigations can also be about talking about sources and general intelligence.  

>Security consultant companies contracted directly by the DNC did the investigation and the email server was never actually turned over to the FBI to investigate.

[Not exactly true](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jul/11/donald-trump/did-john-podesta-deny-cia-and-fbi-access-dnc-serve/)
  The FBI and CIA didn't need direct access.  Access to copies of server logs we're fine for them. Comey testified his cyber team got what they needed.  
A lot are. CNN, WaPo, NYtimes, etc all published the same thing.  I actually found this article via WaPo.
He posts up literally more than any other player in the NBA by a large margin and remember, post play isn't as efficient as jump shooting.  

He can't just call for a post up.  This isn't the 90s anymore.   It's too easy for other teams to deny entry passes.
Embiid needs to make threes, not stop shooting them.  Making them is what will evolve his game.

Also, Embiid posts up more than any player in the league and there's only so much he can do to get position.   This isn't 1990.  The rule changes make it near impossible to get position near the basket since teams can easily double entry passes.  
We had every government security agency confirming it.  All publicly available information [points to them](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/4xa5g9/all-signs-point-to-russia-being-behind-the-dnc-hack).  

To say otherwise requires an incredible sense of denial or irrational paranoia.  
Huh? what's the big difference between this:

>The person I responded to was saying that certain cultures make people incompatible with each other. 

And this:

>Countries do have different cultures and some of them are generally less compatible with others

What I wrote was pretty similar, no?  

Also, Addressing you said:

>I don't think it's entirely unreasonable to say that certain cultures, due to familiarity of specific values, find it easier to mesh and others find it harder.

Just to be clear, people are generally the same no matter where you go.  Cultures don't influence character in a significant way.   Everyone has their fair share of douchebags and angels.

[Here's a scientific study on the matter.](http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0179646)  Across the world, we (as people) tend to be similar across the globe.

>[Countries do have different cultures and some of them are generally less compatible with others.](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/7udxqa/west_ham_director_of_transfers_tony_henry_sparks/dtk1m8a/)

The person I responded to was saying that certain cultures make people incompatible with each other. 
That's what City paid him.  I think we could have paid him around ~100k.  

We'll see what Aurier and Lucas develop into, but so far, it hasn't worked out well for us.  
You're talking about culture in a much broader context than I am. 

I'm talking specifically about the ability for people to get along with each other, in this a work environment.  Cultures aren't stopping a Portuguese man and English man from getting along.  That's my point.
No, just pay him the wages he deserves so he doesn't leave.  
What charging cable are you using?
Are you serious?  

It started because DNC emails were hacked and lacked.   