I don't know about person to person, but square as a business transaction service does work in Canada.
Not gonna happen. You'd get even less new dev accomplished than now.
Toolkit can add progress bars for goals.
I own 70k shares in my company. I wish we were that doomed. 
They actually said they don't think there's a suspect. They say it could have been someone crawling through the vents or something like that and got trapped.

No foul play (early reports).
In Canada.
To them the word liberal itself is derogatory.
And pants apparently.
Or numbers...
They are not in a lane and wouldn't be expected. 

But mainly, unless you've grown up where this is legal, it's going to feel like a dick move. Very close to other cars, easy to scratch something.
My guess is yes. As I would.
I don't think it's suspendable but it was no accident that he hit that high.
I was watching live. 
Fuck the Penguins. Go Caps. Looked intentional.


There you go.
With a comment like that you'd get downvoted no matter what flair you're displaying.

But keep thinking everyone hates you.
There's no standard for how refs call it on the mic and that's why people get upset over shit like this.

The NHL can learn a lot from the NFL for situations like that.
It's about what they can see not about what they know. It went in but they can't prove it.
We all know it went in. Nobody saw it go in. Call on the ice wasn't a goal, can't make it a goal.
Yeah. Much less satisfying!


...
wat?
Judging by the bark i'd say it's actually a type of tree.
Income is the only thing I never enter manually. I import daily to match and I reconcile with each pay check. I'm not going to risk entering income that I don't have yet and accidentally clearing it. All my income is from imported transactions. It already exists when I budget it.
Back to back to back to back Champions!
Seriously? You wanted to be first THAT MUCH?
You can only go down if someone leapfrogs you. So when we saw that 11 was not Carolina, it meant they had won a top 3 (the top three are the only ones that are randomly distributed).

Same when we saw the Arizona logo earlier than expected, the only team that could have leapfrogged them was Montreal, meaning they had "won the lottery".

We know the the teams that came out in the lottery, we just don't know in what order. It's already decided, they're just announcing it in 20 minutes.
That doesn't sound right. They were 11th. 
Every team who missed the playoffs was "deserving" of Dahlin. Buffalo probably more than others but still.
Was it 9% total chance to move up? What's the breakdown at this point? What are the odds that they came out at first vs 2nd or 3rd?
Habs here. Thank you for your sacrifice.
My daughter (just about 3 years old) was asking me "What happened papa?" because I raised my hands and got excited at the dinner table at that exact moment haha.
AND OTTAWA 4TH!!!!
I speak French too. One day I told someone I was self teached. I'm no better.

Just thought it was funny.
Or just Co-Pilot
This appears to be the odds to be "top 5" as opposed to "number 5"

It's likely that the best odds are for pick #4 itself. No?
Well that's a little condescending.
They're what's left after you make rags
> I thought myself

Heh.
And everywhere else. They're pretty much all Supercenters now. They have neighbourhood markets too in some places, like Arkansas.
I get Sunday failed delivery notice all the time when it says I'd get it Monday (I get my stuff delivered to the office). I actually have to pick the slower option half the time because it's often a day ahead of schedule.

I'm in Calgary.
God dammit I meant though. Autocorrect fucked me over while I was trying to point out you used the wrong homonym. I feel shame.
But what if he isn't sister tough?
Where's the s tho?
But... But... NUKE!
Yeah no kidding. I'm at 2.49 5y fixed (since August 2016) I don't think it actually went up that much... Has it?
I didn't say it was overdue I corrected his misspelling.

I don't have an opinion I'm really bad at assessing performance because I don't watch enough games. I don't just want to repeat what I read or hear without thinking.
> overdo

Overdue.

And no, he isn't at fault for something that has been a problem longer than his tenure, but he did have an opportunity to make those core changes (allegedly) and was comfortable enough to not make those changes.

Perhaps he felt like it wasn't going to be enough and didn't want to throw his own guys under the bus.
If you ever want to know certain specific things like your lunches versus your spouse's lunch expenses, make categories. 

If you don't care then you can have broader categories. Personally I like it pretty granular.
No faith that it'll fix that but also I "fixed" it by reverting the change I had made. Turns out if you can't see the text in the notification then it won't mark it as read...
Well I don't think it's been said for sure but they're most likely aero covers to reduce drag. There's no point in producing wheels that crazy for a car at that price point. Model 3 aero wheels are just covers.
They all need some form of cooling, yes.

https://www.tesla.com/models and https://www.tesla.com/model3 

Look at the car carefully, it still has some form of air intake at the very bottom.
When you look at your credit card account view, in the top right, does it show **Overspending** next to **Payment**?

If so, does that amount happen to be the same as *Z* listed above?
Yep.

In other words, what you owe (card balance) must be equal to the money set aside for the payment (available).

Because available is actual money you've budgeted, not just a total amount.
And now they'll try to close that gap.
Probably a mix of styling so people don't think it looks TOO weird, slow transition, etc. and actual cooling for the battery.
That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying you don't have to spend 150k to get an electric car, and you don't have to buy it new either. There ARE some EVs that are cheaper than some ICE cars.
Okay so I just turned my "Show message preview" back on and it seems to have fixed the issue.

And you can't even say "Show message preview" but then say "None" for the alert style, because that doesn't work. It's like the read status is tied to seeing the content of the message in your notification...

WTF
http://www.autotrader.ca/a/nissan/leaf/parksville/british%20columbia/5_33599763_ct2005329101850533/?showcpo=ShowCpo&orup=2_15_32&pc=V5H%203Z7&sprx=100 

There's one that's even cheaper but it has 110k km.
It's just the wheel covers. If they weren't two-tone it would just look like a 2019 model. They didn't deviate from the typical front grille concept too much. I think it will sell well.
Yeah well, mimics the band they were on stage with.
Steel Panther guy > Kiss guy
The title probably should have given you a clue: [Teppanyaki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teppanyaki)
> This is a vehicle that's being designed with today's technology, and as such it's comparable to other similar vehicles.

Other similar vehicles which have been designed with technology from 2-3 years ago (assuming you mean the ones that are currently available). I'm guessing that's what they mean.
I don't know why I was expecting [Atreyu...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYq6pqlanEg)
That's where I first saw her too. Now she's kind of a big deal.
And have the same camera settings, and have the same ping.
Yeah especially if they implement a $3 convenience fee! New source of income for the banks!
This appears to be a quote referencing something I am not familiar with. But you missed the 11 pound part.
You've heard it one right way and one wrong way then. It's a French word. Turns out I am the absolute authority on all things French in this particular thread. Baguette French our poutine French, doesn't matter.
Your best chance to defend him just might be to trust your goalie and make sure that's where the shot comes from. Then at least if he scores it's because of his crazy shot.

The rest of the players on the ice are very, very good too.
(not necessarily in this clip but) Are you suggesting Backstrom should be given more space? He's already doing serious wizardry with the 3 square feet he has to work with.

Oh, so you gotta stay tighter on Backstrom and Ovi, right. So maybe we can leave Kuznetsov uncovered? Hmm, it's alright, it's not like Carlson can score... wait let's cover him too. That leaves T.J. Oshie open.

They are a pretty stacked team, you know.

P.S. Covered or not, if Ovi gets the shot off, it has a pretty good chance to go in. His shot is insane. Everyone expects the shot, goalies included, and it still goes in.
> Touchè

Wrong accent. Touché
Well I wasn't using actual stats, just pointed out that they always manage to go long no matter how dominating they are in the regular season.
Might be hard to get that over here in Calgary but hey, we'll see!
For the first time in about 12 years, the Caps are getting through round 1 in less than 7 games while another series goes to 7.

They're gonna start round 2 on more than 1 day of rest for the first time in a long time. Maybe it'll help?
Know what's crazy? The Washington Capitals just won 4 in a row, advancing to the 2nd round with a 6-3 win, and somehow it still feels like they almost lost.

Because OT, OT, and then 10 minute bombardment in the third of the last game.

Doubt this year is the year they get past Pittsburgh, but hey, in 2010 when Montreal got past Washington, we all doubted Halak was going to get past Pittsburgh too. Good luck to the Caps in the 2nd round. I'm cheering for ya.
I heard the second round is even harder to get out of.
Have a link?
Anyone in Canada able to watch this game? It says Washington vs CBJ, but it's been the Leafs game. It's like rogers isn't even trying to hide their bias anymore.
I stopped doing that after my wife's character died in the first couple missions.
It's when there's a tweet embedded in the news article.

So you read an article and you see a tweet in it. That's 90% of the views the tweet will get. The other 10% is actually people who see it on Twitter.

So basically they they highlight a tweet for being borderline insane, they are largely contributing to its visibility.
Yep, in 2010, non compliant merchants were going to become liable.

https://www.atmmarketplace.com/news/deadline-approaching-in-canada-for-chip-and-pin/

So, i'm guessing they had at least a year or two to comply. I don't remember how long ago i got my first chip card, but that's because it was a very long time ago.
They even named the arena in his honor!
And I know someone with a daughter named Ryan. Not sure how they spell it though. Ryane?
Add long as they are the exact same amount. 
Not for the electric version no. Probably around 40-45k

Edit: CAD$
That's why the office was so quiet. Bet you got a lot of shit done!
The game has been out for so long that the title means nothing. 

I was expert by the time I played ranked fire the first time back in 2015. I've taken multiple breaks that were several months long, and I wasn't very good in the first place. I'm legend and I play maybe an hour per two weeks now.

I'm platinum one I think.
Miss Mitch
I want into EDM when Levels came out and it was playing so often that I fucking hated it.

But then I got into EDM and holy shit Levels is good.
I specifically said I don't think he did anything wrong either.

I just said that all the comments (and even the article) imply he was jailed for just looking at something he shouldn't have been looking at.

He did seek the information. I guarantee you 100% that my mom would not have been able to do what he does.

Again, it's ridiculous that it got as far as it did, and there's no reason why he should be reprimanded. But he did go out of his way (a little bit) to see if he could find more than he was supposed to.

Ultimately, it's the other party's fault for making stuff available when it shouldn't have been.
It's not. Person is dead.
I know I'm not saying he should be jailed but you guys are acting like he went on the website and scrolled down to find everything.

He clearly tried to get to it.
Yeah I'm not sure how everyone here isn't as confused as you and me...
Did he google it or did he try various URLs until he found the ones that worked?
I don't disagree but at the same time, you walking into my house and taking my shit isn't automatically okay just because the door wasn't locked.
Right? Like, SARPBC itself is nearly 10 years old so, not sure why people think the concept is new.
It's because the fucking book is never updated.
Looks to me like he bailed pretty hard when he landed but nobody else is mentioning it so I guess maybe he stuck the landing?
Yeah but at least it's not OUR girlfriend.
No, for the exact reason you mentioned. We just found out the Kings were, in fact, the Hawks in disguise.
Even a post doesn't count as a shot. A shot is either a goal or a save.
https://www.cnet.com/pictures/phones-with-notches/
Huehuehue
Your friends were grossly uninformed then. It's late but it's not 3 years late.
A user of this sub photoshopped a few colors a little while back. This is one of them.
People say the same about Calgary and I'm like yeah sure you're bumper to bumper for like 15-20 minutes. Boo hoo. This city could certainly be easier to cross East-West but it is in no way "brutal" compared to places like Montreal or Toronto. I can't speak for Vancouver as I haven't experienced it. 
I don't partake in this nonsense but I routinely see people wearing shorts in -20C weather here in Alberta. What the fuck are they trying to prove?
2019 models are starting to come out. I don't expect this in a year but it's not too far off.

It's still going to be boring and expensive but, you know, any new option is good.
It doesn't say public safety wtf are you people on about. Security as in network security.
Banana Republic online is always at least 40% and every other day there's an additional 20 ish percent. They send 2-3 emails a day it's hard to forget.
After tomorrow I think we'll be okay. But tomorrow will suck donkey balls.
That's what I'm using too. I'm going to miss MagSafe web I have to change :/
Looks like colorblind mode. 
Peter Gregory died for this.
I didn't see it either. Had to go back after reading the comment. 
I don't know. I saw nothing abnormal here. It was a relatively mild reaction to a punch in the face. The bullshit part is that Rinne didn't get called for his punch.

Edit: hmm it's hard to say in slow motion. He didn't have much of a punch more like a shove but there was impact. 
The hit itself would be fine if he had the puck. You can't hit a guy who doesn't have the puck though.

He's trying to get it which means he doesn't have it.

I don't know if it's suspendable but it's certainly not a clean play. Notice I didn't say it's not a clean hit, but rather a clean play.
Caring sure, but delivery it depends where you live.
Wildfire might actually keep prices up a bit due to shortage of properties but I'm guessing many people relocated permanently when that happened so maybe not.
Here in Calgary, the majority of new development requires no trees be cut. It's already just fields.

But yeah when I go back to my parents place in Quebec I do notice that I miss the old trees.
Been seeing this for over 30 years. I guess it's not common knowledge in flatter areas.
Price really got gud after the Halak year. I'm confident Holtbeast will bounce back.
What I mean is... Even if it were for a regular win, here every single one of them is happy and doing little moves. Haven't seen them like that since the triple low five years.
Of course, because they were actually sold there weren't they?
Canada is 15 and all these R32 posts make me smile because they've been around here for over 10 years. 

In face there's one down the street that hasn't moved since November. The guy didn't use it in the winter but didn't store it properly. Heartbreaking. It's just there in front of his house and it was under a couple get of snow for the better part of the winter.
If you're old enough to write and still don't understand that two people can have the same name you're still not very smart.
Je n'habite plus au Québec depuis 2009 mais j'ai une petite fille de presque 3 ans avec un deuxième qui s'en vient en juin.

Il faut vraiment que je me mette à jour avec la musique et les livres (et la télé j'imagine) pour enfants du marché québécois parce que tout ce que j'ai vu m'a l'air très intéressant et elle adore.
I've literally driven around the block if there's nowhere close for me to stop when I drop my daughter off at daycare. Every single day I see people parked in front of the fire hydrant.

It's never the only selfish thing these people do either. Guaranteed they have this me me me mentality in other aspects of their lives.
The end of that video... My team hasn't been that happy in a long time. I'm sad.
You can always Google your own images of whoever the hell you want though.


So you can see it better!
I use the web app every day. I use the mobile app for every transaction.

Today was the first time I actually budgeted new income using the mobile app because I was in a waiting room and had nothing else to do.

It's okay. Not good, just okay. I now understand all the questions from new users who don't realise it's a web app first because they just found it on the app store.
YOU ARE TEARING ME APART, MARK!
Washington because it's my wife's team but once they're out (lol) I don't care for anyone in the East.

West it's Winnipeg and I'd like to see Vegas go far. 
Just FYI, you don't really see pro Trump comments being upvoted on the big subs so while you're correct, realise that Reddit is no different and if you're not forming your own opinion then you're in the same situation.

I'm actually excited that I have the opportunity to emphasize critical thinking as I'm raising my children.

The world isn't all shit, or all good. It is what it is and if we all do a little bit better every day it'll be just fine.
I did have to put my deposit down early as they built, but it counted as my down payment. Both houses that I've built it was the case.
I just have an ATM payee for cash and I categorize it like Lunch then I won't enter anything when I actually spend it for lunch. I also won't enter it if I end up spending it for something else. It's my lunch category that suffers. Whatever, it's like once every other month that I take cash out.
I need to hire this guy.
inVision Studio is like sketch. It's not widely available yet. I'm still waiting for my invite.
He certainly has a laser but Dubnyk might have been able to put a shoulder on it without the deflection.

Other goal was also deflected between the legs.

That's what it takes to score these days anyways.
In totals maybe, but he would then be on the hook for the entire payment because that won't get cut in half.

OP would still be changing the rules.
The true King of Kong is the right way to say it.
They showed the slow motion replay on coach's corner, it was deflected. It doesn't mean he doesn't have an insane wrister, it just means that this one was deflected. Still a game winner, takes nothing away from him, it's just that it explains how he got it past Dubnyk from where he was.
In nYNAB the income isn't for a specific month.
Deflected.
The part about the sub spamming sounds bitter. It wasn't relevant.
And you are mad... because?
I just got a Leesa and all I'm going to say is that this information is relevant.
On the other hand, you're dropping off a kid to be educated, fed, entertained and cared for for about 40-45 hours a week. In my case is about $6.50 per hour. Not that expensive.

$1165/mo and let's say ready to calculate 4 weeks a month. I drop her off at 7:15 and pick her up around 4:30. 
Both you and the guy you're replying to should remember Jaroslav Halak. That's all I'm going to say.
If you're already on Baby Step 3 then common sense is better than Dave Ramsey. His investment advice is questionable. He's more of a motivational factor through BS1-2-3.
Formula E was a ginormous flop in Montreal so...
If they claim 100% she moron will sue them.
Just saw the other post about the lottery. Thought we were third and didn't realize the top three were lottery spots now.

That would suck.
How can we pick 7th? I thought we were 3rd from bottom and wrist the lottery can do is put one more team ahead of us.

Or am I misunderstanding this? I really haven't been following all that much since like... December haha.
Men's razor ads show men who clearly just shaved, shaving again. So you probably shouldn't trust them much more than the women ads.
I think your comment might do it.
It's a pretty good possibility that we pick 4th and don't sign him. Or pick 3rd and don't sign him.
There's a bot that tries its best too.
I'm not that smart and I've been out of school for a long time (so math isn't fresh in memory), but I feel like there should be another word for what you're trying to describe. You either win the lottery or you don't, too, but we all know the odds aren't 50%.
Look at Monday through Wednesday forecast. Don't look at Thursday though.
What the hell do people look at when first seeing a logo? Wait until you see the V in the Vegas logo, or the Capitol building in the W of the Caps eagle logo.
Ah yes. The breed that never bothered anyone but constantly gets a bad reputation for being ultra annoying.
Part of the exhaust
Well I don't think you should have expected everyone to be alive and happy at the end of that show to begin with.
If you started watching it halfway through its not hype though it's reviews. But yeah they kept up the quality pretty steadily.
Bur
Ümpr
I only really play twice a week (Sunday night and Monday night) after my daughter goes to bed. I play with a buddy of mine that I only get to see once every couple years otherwise. So I only really play online, maybe 3h a week.

We play Borderlands 2 these days. Sometimes Rocket League. To me PS+ is just something I have and I consider online access to be the key part of it. Although I believe Borderlands does direct host connection so it might have worked anyway.

We've also played a lot of Diablo 3, Dragon Age: Inquisition, and a few other small Co-Op titles.
The Patrick Roy wink.
Sorry I meant on PS4. I've had it on PS3 for so long I can't honestly say I remember whether it had free games then or not.

But on PS4 if I'm not mistaken you need it to play online so that's what I feel like I'm paying for. Everything else is gravy.
Let's be honest here. #1 is your fault and she's not completely wrong.
Which technically is for network access.
Increased brake wear
The Mask was 24 years ago. Do you look as good as you did 24 years ago?
No it looked like it ended up being.
Because in the off chance that they ever make it big enough to be on the receiving end, they want it to be legal.
Slight.
3e fois que je le vois en deux semaines. Pas juste toi qui trouve ça intéressant!
To be clear, I don't necessarily think it's a Rolex ad, or Apple, or coke. I don't know. But it's not a normal picture someone would take randomly to show their can isn't red.
It doesn't have to be a full on ad to be promotion. The real ad is in the comments. It's all about Rolex.
Man, what I would give to be young again, and to only have $3,500 debt haha.
I mean, this map is really just a proof that the whole "we have no rats" is bullshit.
Right click copy image url
It's her face
In French, Earth is Terre, and dirt is terre. See the capitalization difference?

So I think you would still unearth something on Mars because it's referring to the dirt version of the word.
Like 3 years ago though...
What's an Apple without a Core?
You mean Casper and Purple.
Retro.
I'm just saying it's not an auto-end the relationship. Clearly 20 years in it's not as necessary as you think. Desirable yeah. Necessary apparently not.
MIMI BEARDSLEY! WORST NAME EVAH!
Oh. Well then that sucks. 
http://www.budgetwise.io

Looks promising and the author is sometimes on here, but it's a one man show so don't get your hopes too high. That's what killed financier.

You need a serious start up with a bit of investment if you truly want to take on an established product like YNAB.
Everyone was all over it for a while then nothing happened for like two years so everyone forgot about it.

I hope the same doesn't happen with Budgetwise. Competition is good.
Oh I see but I mean if you only ever play together it doesn't matter.
No. He's actually our 1C hahahaha.
Similar to Borderlands? I own the game and my friend connects to it?
That's what kept me away from FC4. Bought it specifically for co op and found out it's only side missions. Might get FC5 then!
Want to be shocked? Google image search Rip Torn. That first result is his Wikipedia image.
Maybe if you actually knew that person you'd have some much needed context?

Naaaaahhhh.
Well shit.
On the other hand, the word relationship has no link with sex.
Not in Canada. Or maybe you have to ask for it? I've always made enough back to make it cheaper than the basic membership but never enough to actually pay for the full membership. 
Nice.
MORE OLYTES THAN YOUR BODY HAS ROOM FOR
So the part that was doctored wasn't even the facepalm part. Impressive.
109k and 20 gold now Jesus.
In that case I don't know if others are experiencing that but I'm hoping for a feature that's going to make 3D touch ready to use again. Since 11.3, 80% of the time it just enables the wiggling-icons-to-move when I try to 3D touch an app.
In this sub, it's almost always an orange peeler.
Sometimes you gotta know when to stop.
So he wasn't a ref then. He was a linesman.
How would you reach it with such a tiny penis?
Fuck Montréal for what ? Fuck McSorley is what you should say.
Yeah it's basically called no accumulation.
Yeah I had started writing more about the prestige pay but then I said fuck it it's my day off I don't want to just signs time arguing on the internet.

But you're right though a lot of the value comes from rarity and brand recognition. But brand recognition Congress from craftsmanship that is hard to reproduce so in a way you are paying for the labor and expertise.

Long story short they're not artificially inflated when compared to, say, a Timex Weekender but a Royal Oak isn't necessarily 10x better than a Speed master. Price is based on many factors.
> you just paying for status.

Well, if it's handmade you're paying for the labor as well. Sure, maybe the materials that go into a Patek Philippe aren't any more expensive than the materials that go into an Omega, but when the backside of a part is engraved, there's a cost associated with that.
FYI Rolex isn't the most desirable or expensive brand on this list.

Most recognizable for sure though. Along with Omega.
I don't exclude Reddit.
I thought it was pretty cool because it shows real dimensions 1:1

Somehow that's downvote worthy.
But at the same time let's face it, comment sections on almost any website bring absolutely nothing positive.
Checks out. Lines up almost perfectly on my plus where the X goes off screen at the bottom.

Only off by about half of the border.
First time I see "quietly" in a title where it isn't just for sensationalism. 
8 regulation losses is insane.
Dammit Tyrone
He's taking about the health benefit claims. That's why he's crying snake oil.

In the context of this thread though, it's hard to deny that they produce a fragrance so he's a big of a dick for not letting go.
No I'm not. I acknowledged it in about comment. I did see up at first.
How about peaceful freedom? Shouldn't that be what everyone strives for? You imply that there's only two opposite options with no middle ground.

You probably understood something I didn't say, so you're defensive about it, but I basically just meant what if people didn't want to shoot other people all the fucking time? I don't care that you have 600 guns at your house, that doesn't affect me.

I care that it's such a common thing for people to resort to shooting other people.
I saw it but I typed on my phone from memory with the picture not on screen and I forgot it then. 
Which means you're all fucked. Culturally.
Credit card only debit card only cash only pay with cash or credit no cash accepted.

Hmm.
Yeah even after trying the door, he could have EASILY made it under!
Better than zero, not as good as a thousand today.
When I played UO I used EZMacros. You could rename the trial exe from ezmeval.exe to ezmacros.exe and it was the full version, removing the 10 repeat limitation.

My house was right by the mountain. So much macro mining when combined with sticking a quarter between the button and the "frame" of my keyboard, essentially keeping the f1 button pressed down, which was mapped to the hiding skill.

I would do this over night and gain a lot of strength, dexterity, mining skill, hiding skill. Lots of ore too. Good times.
When I did a trial years ago I traced back to the1600s and my family was already in what is now Canada. That's pretty incredible. I personally traced to the early 1800s then used someone else's work so I'm not 100% sure about that part but it seemed to line up.
Do the trial and find out. Some people say it's the worst thing ever and that YNAB 4 is where it's at, but then they have very little in terms of rational explanation. Usually boils down to cost.

Personally, I prefer the UI but more importantly, direct import from your bank as a way to match and reconcile is by far the number one feature keeping me using this daily, which is the key. That's for me.
I only ever use it to post pictures and news about my daughter in a private group because I live halfway across the world from every other family member and they're all way too tech impaired to even know what's going on. And they don't speak English which I believe makes it hard for them to even be aware of what's going on right now.

It's still the best way to share right now but I'd love to just delete it.
Add you should. Direct import is just to match and reconcile.
Direct import and transaction match is as good as it gets. Also the newest mobile app isn't just t enter transactions, you can actually budget with it.
Same. On and off using YNAB 4 for a few years, but now their new model is keeping me using it a lot more frequently and it's working for me.
If it's automated it will violate the terms, but either way there's YNAB. 
He's complaining about high gas prices.
Your name made me giggle.
Why does everything have to be reported as being done quietly these days?

They're changing their product bit by bit. Does everything require a press release?
That's when the crowd cheered for the first time of the night. It was awesome.
Pas loin du dépanneur.
Doesn't look like it's available here in Canada. Website only lists a 1.6L available.
108 miles per day is absolutely insane to me. I do a bit less than 35km per day!
You might as well past the info here because I'd be interested as well. Lots of us.
That's what I meant, but with a hint of denial.
Assuming you're the father, it won't really kick in until you can truly interact with your child. If you're the mother you have that strong bond much much sooner.

My daughter is just about three and just observing her as I walk up the stairs behind her I catch myself being amazed at what she's become. 
I was going to paint the inside of my garage and do the floor with a textured epoxy finish this summer, but I will probably put that on hold for another year since we'll have a 2nd kid in June and I really don't know how much time I'll have, or how much energy I'll have for the spare time I have.

The first one was fine, they sleep a lot when they're little, but now when the little one sleeps, I'm going to have to give as much attention as possible to the older one. If they nap at the same time I might have 45min of quiet time. Not enough for a garage project haha.
I am also in Canada, and I don't know anyone who uses WhatsApp. I have one friend who uses Facebook Messenger, and my mom uses it as well. Everything else goes through my messages app, whether it's SMS (Android/Windows Phone users) or iMessage (iPhone users).
See my other comment. I'd never seen it in English so I missed the reference, I thought he legitimately was confusing it with Howart from Harry Potter. I'm in my mid 30's and I just assumed that other person was too young to know about Labyrinth.

Shame on me for making assumptions, indeed.
Ah, I'm not from the US and I have actually never seen it in English. Always dubbed in French (haven't seen it in decades). My bad. Whoosh indeed.
No, kiddo. [Hoggle, from Labyrinth](http://content6.flixster.com/question/56/62/02/5662020_std.jpg).
[But not necessarily](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/8Eh6SqeUi0I/hqdefault.jpg)
Nobody sticks around forever. Apple almost disappeared 20 years ago. Myspace was huge a dozen years ago.

When someone fucks up enough for people to explore alternatives, that's when a coordinated effort to switch can be effective. Nobody uses WhatsApp in North America, so you'll be fine.

You know what everybody has on their phone already? SMS.
> by overcharging me for their hardware

Unnecessary jab at Apple. You could have just said by selling you their hardware. You imply they wouldn't make money if they didn't charge that much for their product.

One of the rules you learn in product management is that you don't price based on your cost. You price based on the (perceived) value the product has in the market. For as long as Apple products are in high demand, they have absolutely no reason to charge less.
Regardless of whether it was all dissolved or not, you don't need to chew cotton candy. Even what that raccoon has, you don't have to chew.

We're arguing for no reason. It's just someone eating cotton candy.
It's long gone by the time she starts "chewing". [That shit dissolves fast.](https://i.imgur.com/Jgu1exK.gif)


If you have Instagram or WhatsApp, or use an Oculus then Facebook still gets your data. 
Use YNAB and trust the To Be Budgeted value. If it's $0 then you have no money to spend on unbudgeted things, even though your account has money in it.
Chew what though?
I think they've done a good job with the NHL games.
I've never seen the movie, but I remember a gif being posted before where he was playing a creature that kinda just comes into frame as it's illuminated by headlights, on the side of the road. Sort of like a jump scare.

I am not 100% sure it's the same creature but maybe that can help you find a clip.

Edit: Looked it up, found the gif I was thinking of: https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b4/92/1e/b4921e74572728295f34194317ef5b10.gif

Is that from this movie? Probably not. It's much less demonic than I remembered.

Edit 2: Nope. It's from Xtro https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJWL9YaZ3C0
RemindMe! June 15th, 2020
You do have lots of guns too! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nebraska_(The_Walking_Dead)#Title_reference
No regrets! Only student debt!
I'm not sure the folding part is what makes the iPhone so different from a flip phone...
I believe they are. I don't believe they intend to release in 2020. A company the size of Apple with a R&D budget like theirs, they'd be crazy not to explore any kind of new tech related to their space.

Doesn't mean they intend to ever release it. That said...
He's the best in the league if you only include our players from that league.
> July 8, 1980: A 19-year-old park employee was riding the Alpine Slide when his car jumped the track and his head struck a rock, killing him.

Similar scene in this trailer looks brutal hah. Ouch.
Que j'eusse giggité
Cassé!
My HOA is $65 per year and it's not because of low costs of living because houses range from 500k to 650k
In the video about the ID Buzz recently posted, he said the ID might replace the eGolf. Maybe that bit of info might help your research.
You probably hid it with the Toolkit. That's what I had done and I felt dumb after talking to support hahah.
Why do people use fake info in the first place?
Because him being alive is a verifiable fact so they don't need to just claim that he denied it.
It's /r/Calgary that's the shit hole. Not Calgary.
Just make an adjustment so it reflects the real balance as of today and go from there.
The chant on its own is super cringey so when it's used to ridicule us it works really well.
It's Not Quite Sunny In Chicago.

The Gang Disbands.
He forgot... overnight.
I know, and I miss him.
Is this a recurring theme for you? Do you have other fragile stuff that inexplicably breaks? My point is it doesn't happen if you take care of your things even just a little bit.
97D
lol
Sure but any player pushed into you will result in similar injuries.
What difference does it make?
Other than timelines, what has Elon Musk ever overpromised?


 No that sounds awful haha. It's the whole plane control thing. Only way it can ever work for me. But definitely not if the screen is static.
Your answer makes no sense. "Not me, therefore no one."

I always tip $5, so, everyone gives $5.
That's the only way it makes sense for me. I could NEVER get used to non-inverted mouse.
You have to tell them out they will withhold taxes as if this was your only source of income.
> I'm a letter carrier

Assuming you're a letter carrier in the U.S., is it common for residential areas to have USPS trucks? Where I'm from, it's always by foot when houses are that close together and there's at-home delivery. It's only by truck if it's a community mailbox (which is pretty much everywhere new, and will eventually be everywhere).
I live in Canada and I somehow learned that when I was a kid. I feel like you should have been taught...
$60 per year and it has paid for itself in the first couple months. This month there's Bloodborne and Ratchet + Clank. I've gotten well beyond $60 worth of games, so that's basically $0

Plus in theory you pay for online saves and multiplayer access so all games are free.
$0 if you got it on PS+ a few months ago
Hadn't seen that one. Thanks.
That was Journey
I know that, I just preferYNAB reflecting my reality. It's in a savings account that I can't spend directly from, and it's not even the same financial institution as my chequing account.

So to me, that shouldn't be in my budget.
How many times did we score the first goal? Like 20 maybe? 
I mean it would be in TBB until I assign it to a savings category. I prefer to just not have access to it at all if it's truly savings. Then I don't even have the option to overspend and cover it with that.

You're very insistent that I use your method and I don't want to.
Exactly. I have a bit of padding in most important categories (sitting on-budget in my chequing account), then I have an emergency fund that's just cash (off budget, in a savings account), and then I have investments (off budget, RRSP and TFSA) and then I guess my other assets and liabilities are there like house and mortgage, as well as my cars, as off-budget accounts. I adjust the value monthly.

That's been working for me just fine for years.
Yeah that's the goal of savings. It's not savings if you constantly draw from that pool to cover expenses. It's just poor discipline or poor budgeting.
Tangerine in Canada. Six month promo though.
But then it would be in my TBB and if I wanted to use it I could just move it to a different category without actually having access to it, giving me the false illusion that it's available.

I prefer keeping my only on-budget accounts as my chequing account and my credit card. Everything else is off budget. No confusion. If it's TBB it's because it's in my chequing account. 
It adds the benefit that it's sitting in a 2.4% interest account.
I don't have a cash back card so maybe that's why I'm always wondering what the hell people find so complicated about credit cards.
The payment button is like to weeks old and it still just makes a transfer I believe.
Why is it pointless is savings and categorized as such. If I ever need it then it will be treated as income when I transfer it back in.
But... a transfer is how you make payments.
But still... I pay my card in full each month too but I just make the payment YNAB tells me to make. Sometimes that puts me slightly overpaid because it skins for pending transactions but why wouldn't you want that additional layer of verification?
Why on earth would you just hide it and forget it? 
Personally I have an off budget savings account so my savings aren't ever part of To Be Budgeted.
That's amazing considering the first one was a shallow unfun piece of shit.
On the other hand, I feel like it went from asking to dragging very quickly. Maybe it's because I'm not from the US but it feels like that guy skipped a few steps. 
She put it right in his face. That has nothing to do with being used to smoking in public places. 100% an asshole move. 
That's why McSorley was wherever Gretzky was.
I knew they had redone Spider-Man but I didn't know they had redone it twice. I also do not know the other two actors.
Just import the files like you do in YNAB4 if you don't want to use direct import.
But... the word costume has nothing to do with Halloween.
Up until six weeks ago, Philly.

Edit: nevermind, Phillies.
Is the word costume just gone from our vocabulary now?
He has 3 left
2018 NHL world
We don't know the pricing yet.

Also if you can pay less you pay less. Nobody in their right mind will buy a 76k car with options. They'll remove options, make it 74k and pay 60k for it.

You don't become wealthy by spending more money than you have to.
é not è
With the exchange and everything, I am pretty sure a fully optioned out long range dual motor Model 3 will be above 75k.

So basically you want to buy any software upgrade after the fact so you can stay below 75k at the time of purchase. 
It's in the Howling Fjord. Skörn. 
Last time she called you, you sighed and she noticed.

She's just trying to be respectful.
It works 99% the same way.
On the other hand if it's a yearly occurrence that you need a payment plan you may want to just save a certain percentage of your income so you can pay your taxes when they're due.

Payment plans are supposed to be to help you out when it's unexpected and you can't pay it all when it's due.
Also from Alberta. Don't remember ever hearing it... What do you ask it? I only ever ask "what's the weather like today?"
Hmm I'm in Canada and I use it for weather almost daily... It's been in the negatives (Celsius) for pretty much 4 months straight and I haven't ever heard Siri say "Brrr".
Tesla Modda Lee
Also, he's number 26 [on this list](http://www.espn.com/golf/moneylist/_/tour/alltime) which helps.
That pic is WAY older than 6 years old. She was all over FARK for a long time, and I haven't been on FARK for about 10 years.

Edit: Downvote all you want, but [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allison_Stokke#Internet_fame) says the photo is from 11 years ago.
Except there's a contract and they're the service provider, so it would just be a whole bunch of people who owe them money.
> streets ahead

https://m.popkey.co/7c7e9f/76V7z.gif
The BUDGETED column will never change on its own. The AVAILABLE column will though.



BUDGETED | ACTIVITY | AVAILABLE | NOTE 
---|---|----|----
$100 | $0 | $100 | You haven't used your credit card this month and are planning to make a $100 payment.
$100 | $100 | $200 | You then make a BUDGETED purchase using your credit card ($100.00)
$100 | $200 | $200 | You then make an OVERSPENDING purchase using your credit card ($100.00). You can't invent money, so the AVAILABLE doesn't change, but you've now created $100 debt.
$100 | $200 | $300 | You got paid and you can now cover that $100 overspending so it becomes a budgeted purchase, you are now creating no new debt, but you're riding the credit card float.
$100 | $-100 | $0 | You have now made a $300 payment, which brings your AVAILABLE down to $0, and it brings your activity in the negative, which zeroes out the whole thing. Don't touch the BUDGETED column though, otherwise that money will be given a different job and it will screw up the math (and you!).

Edit: Added the last line to the table because I think a lot of people screw that one up.

> I last saw that on a store card, I think

I have definitely seen that in the terms of a store card. Last time I have had to finance anything was luckily in 2012, but man when you think about it, it's pretty crazy.

It was one of those "one year without interest" deals, but if you don't bring the balance down to $0 before that year is up, you are then hit with a year's worth of interest on the full amount.

I knew that, and I planned to pay it over 11 months just so I wouldn't be cutting it close, but I'm sure a lot of people get hit with the extra. And that's at like, 28% too.
What is it now? I don't think average people know anything about who Pepe was or had become.
I must be really tired because that edit made me burst out laughing.
It was still a low volume car and they wonder why it wasn't successful.

An electric civic would be successful.
You guys know it's a website right? Like you don't need to "download Twitter" or even create an account.
Are you suggesting the Rav4 is a full size SUV? Also we're not talking about current gen Rav4.
Since a two finger click is a right click, you don't have to lift a finger on a Apple mouse either.

But it's still a horrendous mouse for gaming I'm not denying that.
You can also one-finger click on the right side, exactly as if your mouse had two separate buttons, which by the way, if you notice, is one piece of plastic with a slit in the middle, so it's really no different.
Or like the electric Rav4 was.
I'm here for you. I'll take one for the team.
Maybe if they electrified cars people actually want (let's face it, smart is not a car brand that is for everyone) it would be successful.
That's the spirit! Thank you for doing your very best to bring us all together!

Sigh...
I got my refund in about 2.5 months so it really depends. 
If people tell you this seriously, [show them a Toyota Yaris](https://goo.gl/images/HXaboU)
That was like watching a HD remaster of Blades of Steel, live.
I need to watch that... It's been on my watch list for a while now.
You don't "still" do this. You just started doing this and you were simply taught wrong.
The uh oh spam when you connect and you have 20+ messages waiting for you.
Zero but now I'm part of management and we're growing, so I'm trying to change that.
Say no more!
Any Francophone projected top twelve we can waste our top 5 pick on?
Damn. Pleb.
Soon. 
And Bossy did them in a row, and if I'm not mistaken they were his only 9 seasons before he retired due to health issues. As in he played 9 seasons, and scored 50 in all 9.
Canada failed miserably at curling this year.
You can create a cash account in YNAB, so basically after you get paid, you withdraw your cash, and you "move it" from your bank account to your cash account (it's just a tracking account) and then every time you spend something, you enter your transaction as if you had withdrawn it from that cash account.

Each envelope will have an "available" balance on the far right, and your cash account will show you the total available if you put all your envelopes together.

Personally I am not truly following Dave's plan, but I stick around for the success stories and the motivation. I am not gazelle intensity but I do repay debt faster than the minimum payment. I don't create any debt and I don't ride the credit card float, but I do use my card for pretty much everything.

I don't need it to hurt, I can see my virtual envelopes go down as I spend. Works for me, and I've made great progress.
If you're all cash you'll have the same issues. In fact YNAB has no free tier so it'll cost you more, even though the paid version is cheaper than EveryDollar

The main thing is YNAB doesn't let you budget money you don't have. No predictions.

You assign money you have to envelopes and if you're short, you're short. It reflects your current reality. Really forces you to truly be responsible with your money.
You can change it whenever you enter the transaction but it will remember the last one for convenience. In most cases it'll work but places like Walmart where you can buy anything you'll probably have to change it. You can split too so if you buy tires and soup in the same transaction it's fine haha.
You make your own categories and it will remember the category for each payee after the first time you use it.
Uhm... Well technically he did?
I use it in the car to send texts and ask to read them out loud.

I use it in the morning to know what the weather looks like.

I use it whenever I need a timer like watering the lawn or when my daughter wants to do puzzles for five more minutes.

I only ever use it using hey siri though. Never with the button.


It is.
I don't know who she is, I have only ever seen this picture of her (here, but posted multiple times). I had no idea she would even be the kind of gal who has topless pictures on the internet. What does she do? (I'm at work)
The profile view is ugly as hell though.
One goal from being four wins away.
Are there existing currencies that use that system?
I own neither and will be trying both.
It's so incredibly foreign to me that you could buy an AR-15 at fucking Walmart.

I can't even tell you where there is a gun store in my city of 1.3 million population, and I can't even tell you IF there's a gun store in my hometown of 220k population.

My wife is American, I've traveled to the US probably a hundred times over the years, and it doesn't really feel all that different from Canada when you're there, but when you look into it, it is SO culturally different.
I'd say he's correct in saying MOST never GET to.
Washington and Vegas
Sounds like Montreal!
You know what, when you look at the big picture like that, other than Plekanec we really didn't give up much that was truly valuable, and I think we got some pretty decent pieces in comparison.
I didn't even know it was a thing, much less that it was out. I'm a very casual gamer, but when a true sequel to a big franchise comes out, I usually hear about it one way or another.

That? I learned of its existence when Dunkey uploaded a video.
I believe people were calling and I don't believe he has needed to put his name out there.

When you're shopping for picks who are you gonna call? It's not like he was after a specific player on a specific team and was gonna use him for that purpose.
Did you have activity in a previous month? Your goal is category balance, which goes down after you spend money.
Probably preseason.
TV market size (aka money)
Russia couldn't be represented as a country because of doping disqualification so the athletes that could go were under the Olympic flag and named Olympic Athletes from Russia.

No flag and no anthem allowed... Unless the crowd sings it.
I read this as I watched my 5 months pregnant wife play in the snow with our 2.5 year old through the window.

It would absolutely wreck my life.
It was nothing against Danault. I'm just saying if he turned out like Danault it would be great but it's not like people are saying he's Ovechkin.
The next Danault isn't exactly over hyping. Danault is good but he's not All-Star material.
You can call them the Leafs. We're not laughing at anyone these days.
Ok but then just don't wrestle. Other people who aren't in that ambiguous situation don't wrestle simply based on physical abilities. So I guess that's where his career ends.
I would LOVE to see that!
I've been working crazy hours for 3 weeks straight, and i'm extremely tired. This whole sub is cracking me up right now, but I really lost it when I saw this.

I don't even recognize the player's face. Is it Brassard?

I'm so tired.
> Am I the only one that like Plekanec?

It's much harder to find someone who DOESN'T like him. So no, you aren't.
I actually just calculated, and if I renewed ~~today~~ at the end of my term using today's 3.39% rate suggested here it would only be a $30 difference bi-weekly. Biggest difference for me is the property tax portion of my payment because it's a new construction and first year was super low then it got adjusted.

I use YNAB and I always assign extra money to the category so when the extra accelerated payments are up I have cash for it, and I'm also over funding the category to account for property tax increase in July so ultimately I'm fine but ya know, still going up.
That would be nice for OP, assuming they pay.
Yeah 2.49 here, but not up until 2021
OP also hasn't been paying taxes.
Out of 109 years that's recent.
He would thrive in a true supporting role. He's not one for the spotlight but he's been a pillar of this team for years regardless.

It sucks to see him go, he's one of the few recent success stories when it comes to player development within the Habs organization.
Well I skipped through the first hour or so and ended up watching the rest. That was extremely interesting.
I believe I saw that on Facebook today.

Edit: [Yep.](https://i.imgur.com/9XfVkYx.jpg)
They made the playoffs once then had a quick rebuild.
If they give us half a victory we're fine!
He's a free agent he's not worth that much. And I'd we like older players that doesn't mean other teams do.

He's worth what the highest offer is. If it was between a 5th and nothing, I'll take a 5th.
That's the point of the post. Others don't have to.
The only one that's usable in real life. Except for Frappuccino of course.
Oh god I can't breathe hahaha
Rice a Roni I probably would have guessed $3

Tide pods probably $12

Floss probably $2 because it's a huge one. I get mine from the dentist for free anyway.

Totinos I was gonna say $3 I don't know I've never had it.

The dip I was gonna say $8

So yeah the audience would have hated me.
Our sub thinks he's a 22 year old future 3rd D
What do you think he was worth, out of curiosity?
You can just exclude those accounts from your graph though. That way you can still track your mortgage balance without having giant liabilities without offsetting assets.
They fixed it on Saturday. Give it a shot now.
It's still an asset that (hopefully for you) negates the liability.
Bulletproof. There's only like 4 steps that can go wrong. Not bad.
I choose to accept this as plausible without any additional proof.
You can get a sit down breakfast on a real plate for like $6.50

Never tried it but it seems like a good deal for a fast food place. I didn't really like their coffee the one time I tried it though.
It's from the Beaverton. It didn't really happen. Even if it did and was taken down, it would have been by the site, not the IOC.
Thanks for staying on the topic of this satire article.
But they only got the plots because they've donated a lot.
I know, but the OP said 5 Olympic metals, not medals.

Gold and silver are 2 metals, what are the other 3? You know, dad jokes.
They only have gold and silver I thought. What are they other three?
Isn't it still cheaper than the version of EveryDollar that has direct import though?
That means they've donated a lot of cash over many many years. It's not really a free plot.
Just wait, you'll see people bitching that it's more of the same. 
Have you ever tried?
It's not like they can rewrite the whole thing in a month. 11 is a wash. Minimum maintenance mode. They're focusing on 12.
Well then be patient. iOS 12 will be about quality and not new features.

Personally I'm not experiencing any issues with iOS 11 but I believe it.
We're more likely to get a Nissan Note EV. 
You better not complain when iOS 12 is light on features but focused on quality.
But in reality, Blizzard is pretty bad at optimizing some of their games, especially for Mac.

I have a Macbook Pro and Hearthstone (on lowest settings, believe it or not) used to turn into a rainbow of squares and then a spinning beach ball after about 45 minutes of game time.
>Marie-Andrée Chouinard  
**17 février 2007**  
Éducation

Certains de ces parents sont maintenant grand-parents, en passant.
We have the Volvo wagons but probably not in PHEV.

Only three provinces have incentives we're not early adopters when it comes to EV. Canadians buying power is pretty low too which doesn't help.
There are a lot of wagon models that aren't available in Canada and that sucks. Not an EV, but the new Buick Regal TourX is sexy as hell but we won't see it on our roads :(
https://www.plugndrive.ca/electric-cars-available-in-canada/

Outlander, maybe the A3 Sportback e-tron but it's pretty small so probably more of a hatch size, I guess Pacifica PHEV would have that kind of cargo space as well.

XC60 would be my go-to if that's within your budget.
This was my first computer game in school: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4F-iKIO_m3g
I got my first cell phones at 17 because my first job was selling cell phones. I literally didn't know anyone else with a cell phone, so I used it to dial my friends' pagers hahaha.

But I got my first real cell phone at 23, when other people actually had them.
I don't agree with that. It's not a clear cut line I don't think.

I'm 35, and I work with some 25 year olds, and I can tell you that we have close to zero things in common.
That is correct. I'm 35 and never watched it.
I'm guessing you skipped The Fly episode then?
The price, yes, but OP bought 500 shares 20 years ago. He doesn't have 500 anymore. That's what I meant.

20 years ago was 1998, so assuming OP never sold any:

- In 2000, OP's 500 became 1,000
- In 2005, OP's 1000 became 2,000
- In 2014, OP's 2000 became 14,000

So, while charts show that the stock price was roughly $1 in 1998, which is adjusted pricing, what you DO need to account for is the current price of $172 must be multiplied by 14,000 to see what OP's shares are worth. So it's not $172 * 500 ($86,000) it's $172 * 14,000 ($2,408,000).
How do you see them on mobile without downloading the app? I can't even get past the first picture. Everything else on the page is different parts and there's no indication I'm looking at 1/30.

I can see the whole gallery in Apollo but not in Safari.
The price yeah but not the number of stocks that you own. 
> obease

As a reply to a post saying they can't spell...
Uhh... https://i.imgur.com/T5odA17.jpg
Yeah we're fine but still... I remember my last apartment in Sherbrooke, Qc. Canada was $425/mo then a smaller apartment after I moved to Calgary was $935/mo then my first mortgage was $1508/mo but I've moved up a lot house-wise.

All that in the span of 10 years. 
Yeah I know but he has his own well funded product and he pushes it a lot, yet people don't quite like it.
Finna... Woke?
When I get paid I budget everything and reconcile. So I reconcile twice a month, but I import/match daily though.
In case you haven't noticed they fixed it yesterday. I imported 32 transactions this morning and reconciled.

Feels good man.
People on the Dave Ramsey subreddit are all saying YNAB is way better than Everydollar. It's kinda funny.
Also I feel like YNAB is doing a terrible job at teaching people that it's primarily a web app and the mobile app is secondary.

As much as they want it to be standalone on mobile, and they've done a fantastic job with the update, the initial setup is about a million times easier on a computer.
Well mine is a mortgage at least.
No I know. People have driveways there. And they use their garages as garages. Here I see people with 2 cars on the street and a garage full of shit.
You just prompted me to look at my year. Everything below is in Canadian dollars.

Wife and I spent $3,484 on all eating out for 2017:
- $1797 on dining out, or roughly $150 per month (2 adults and a 2 year old)
- $667 on coffee and breakfast, or roughly $55 per month
- $578 on her lunches, or roughly $48 per month
- $440 on my lunches, or roughly $36 per month

In 2016 we were not doing NEARLY as well. The greatest thing is that neither of us really feels like we wish we could eat out more. The single greatest difference maker we've made is a weekly menu that accounts for leftovers, so we buy groceries for meals that are planned for the whole week, and we know what day will produce enough leftover for lunches at work the next day.

There's room for improvement, but I'm pretty happy with where we're at. I don't really feel like we need to cut anywhere to be honest. In 2017 we took 2 trips and bought a bunch of stuff for our new house, and we generated exactly $0 debt. Even those trips were paid for right away. Didn't even ride the float.

2018 is going to be great!
I'm at $3200/month :/
This year is pretty good. The key difference is that in other cities, they clear residential too.

I'm from Sherbrooke, QC. Where that last at the end of the article currently lives, and it's night and day how everything is clear hours after snowfall.

They also can't park on the street between 11pm and 7am from November 15 to March 15 so it's pretty easy to clear the show.
So it's 8 unanswered goals then. Right?
The 12th one was answered twice it looks like. So yeah it's 9 consecutive goals.
He looks like he's worried he won't fit in the picture.
I used to have 2 plastic caps from water bottles right on the feet of my laptop just to help air circulation.

But it was back in 2006 when laptops needed it AND cooling pads were expensive.
I wasn't talking about you.
His idea is that it's bad. Let him be happy with being right. 
Alright so the feature itself works well but it requires a specific format and doesn't play nice with your needs. Point taken. I know they support displaying amounts differently but it never crossed my mind that importing would be problematic.

I'm from an area where we'd also display 1 234,56$ but in Canada the banks operate mostly in English so they export $1234.56
How so? It's literally entering lines in a table for you.

It's only possibly crap with direct import depending on your bank. About 16 months with direct import here and I'm just now experiencing my first issues and that's because my bank is currently exporting empty files so it's not even YNAB's fault.
Just in case someone thinks he's a moron for watching it. Now he's covered.

Best case scenario someone tells him he should watch it. 

Worst case scenario someone asks him why he felt the need to clarify he doesn't watch it.
You can import files (not direct import) to reconcile too by the way. Significantly faster than verifying all transactions since it will match the obvious ones for you. You just need to pay attention to the ones that don't get matched.
That's why it will match transactions that are off by a few days when you import to reconcile.

If you move a real transaction's date to the future it will create a new scheduled transaction. Is this what's happening?
It's absolute garbage. But in a good way.
You're misremembering how shit ps1 graphics were. This is PS2 quality.
There is rarely anything about Android on /r/apple 

From what I've seen in the past, immediately following Apple events, can't say the same about /r/Android 
> two of the weakest defenses

Why does it need defending though?

> prioritizing design over function

Sometimes, definitely. But macOS is such a treat to use over Windows. I can't speak for Android, personally. I've been this close to buying an Android phone several times, but I ended up with Windows Phone (two consecutive devices) and then back to iOS. We'll see in 3 years where I stand.

> I wish people could really talk about the ramifications of sacrificing so much for the sake of convenience

Personally, I don't feel like I'm sacrificing anything. There isn't a single thing I've felt like my phone or computer couldn't do in the last 3 years (my time with macOS + iOS)
Get good on D. You obviously got your axels broke once too many.
Officially an old fucking man!
Oh nice. I just shut down my computer for the evening but I'll give that a shot in the morning. Saved your comment. Thanks!
Yeah that's what I just noticed too. I figured I'd do it manually and it was blank.

Oh well, I'll just reconcile like it's 2012 and I'm using YNAB4 I suppose!
It's like Chuck Testa with money.
I feel like this doesn't qualify because it's absolutely meant as an innuendo.
My bank account synced this morning but my credit card still has 30 transactions that I've entered manually that haven't been pulled down.

I don't care so much about my Tangerine account, it's just seeing interest deposits.

My Scotiabank accounts I usually update manually anyway, it's my mortgage and a line of credit I never use, I just pay it down.
I went to manage connections and it said nothing was wrong. Did you entirely disconnect then reconnect?
How is that even possible? I have a 8+ and just tried it, I can barely reproduce OP's picture. I have to look at a certain angle otherwise I can see my thumb.
I'm in Canada, where technically we use metric, but I have absolutely no clue how tall 1.8m is. For others like me, it's 5.91 feet, so I guess close to 5'11"


*sigh* Happy birthday Michael.
Regardless of the food quality, a trademark is a trademark.
That's what I'm saying. Budget 500. That's how much money you need to assign to that task. I don't know what's complicated.

I never suggested you budget only your part if you don't have her part in hand before. I said you have X amount of money, you need to spend Y amount of money. I don't care about how much of it you'll get back, you're spending a certain amount of money, budget for it.

My original comment assumed you received half of it in advance, but if it's not the case then just reflect reality and budget for the whole amount, then treat the reimbursement as an inflow. There's no black magic happening here.

YNAB is a window into your real finances, so make it do what real life does. 
How is that any different? That falls under what you need to do with your money before you get paid again.
I used to print mapquest directions to go to the drag strip. Those were the days, man.
Difference is you make claims without proof. Others are just saying there's no proof.

Nobody is saying PK was the most liked player, it's just that there's no evidence that he was as bad as certain people claim.
And I'm in Alberta :(
Same concept yeah. Much different scale.
Doesn't he at least participate in the warm up?
I have something called a boogie bulb and it works well too.
Fist time I see it and I've been subscribed for years. Many people just use their front page instead of diving deep into specific subs, so they never see much more than each sub's first page.
There's no reason to wait.
KenMBC
It's already out in some places as a ICE car so you can see what it looks like.
Does [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfz-bLg6nGI) count?
I feel like there's a big difference between saying something is shit, and something is the shit.

NHL.com is shit, it's not the shit.
LEAFS LEGEND PATRICK MARLEAU
Thanks, edited.
You have to compare it to other stocks in the same segment.
And also if provinces other than BC, Ontario and Quebec got their heads out of their respective assess.
50km is almost twice my daily commute. That saves me a ton of money.
If you don't know what a VHS is, I doubt you'll know what VCR stands for, so it's not going to be any more confusing.
Maybe some people already have save slots, and once in a while you just get reloaded because they died, and you don't notice because, well, it didn't save.
They match automatically.

The most satisfying part is clicking import on 15 transactions and seeing 15 little chain link icons.
She doesn't appear to have very good control of those arms in that moment haha.
Why though? The post title is extremely accurate to what it is, and didn't claim they did this.

Why does it matter that you've seen it before?
I know right? 
You work for the media? You should because you think like them.
One of the two boxing him in made a mistake more likely. 

They weren't careful and probably didn't care enough to be mindful so probably still a bit of a dick overall but I don't think they boxed them in on purpose.
And that's how I bought a used version of a discontinued item on eBay for $10 more.

My wife put something in my Amazon cart for our daughter around September. It was for Christmas. $36, Prime.

Didn't buy it right away, went up to like $74 not Prime. She was not amused.

I bought it on eBay for $45, used. Lucky.
First person to get (edit: Winter) Olympic gold born Y2K or after.
I watched it live on CBC so it's not just the internet.
Yeah something sounded odd. English is not my first language.  Thanks for clarifying.
Two words: Cowgirl Annie  

Edit: because karma, http://i54.tinypic.com/261cbxf.jpg
Last time I rented mine was one month ($1200)

WTF are they gonna do with a hundred bucks? That won't even cover a carpet cleaner!
Yeah all those debris fell right where he was. Lucky guy.
Not on paper!
You tap it when it comes up in the predictive.
Jail? Slow down, it's not like they overcooked chicken.
So many new users overcomplicate things.

1.	How much money do you have?  
2.	When are you getting more money?  
3.	What do you need to pay for between now (#1) and then (#2)?  
4.	Assign leftover money to things you need to pay for after you get paid next, but before the following inflow of money.  
5.	Repeat (#4)


There's no reason to try and do mental gymnastics to represent money that is never in your possession. If she pays half of 500, budget for 250. It's as simple as that.
[Nobody](https://farm1.staticflickr.com/664/23005574863_eb60940046_c.jpg) [EVER](http://www.thechildren.com/sites/default/files/images/dsc_0132-500.jpg) [wanted to](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/kDxv226nqLg/maxresdefault.jpg) [go](http://www.thechildren.com/sites/default/files/images/dsc_0144-500.jpg) [with him.](https://allhabs.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/team.jpg)

Of course those are team events, but in a way what he just did with the Preds was also a team event. If he decides to drop by after practice on a Wednesday afternoon and nobody wants to go it's a bit different.
Reminder: The truth in your world isn't necessarily the truth in the real world.
Because it's part of a montage and nobody ever suggested that it was supposed to trick you into thinking that the closeup was of that particular girl at that particular time.
In 2018, being nice to people online "sounds dumb".  

This is where we are now.
I've been really happy with the CBC Olympic coverage over the years, but last night I watched the opening ceremony re-run and I did not see that. I'm mad.

I had seen another gif with drones like that and I basically watched it solely for that... and they cut it out.
https://4.bp.blogspot.com/_LGrka5NC6ng/TDuqId-tLWI/AAAAAAAAAHI/QiykUFT1rAs/s1600/milo.jpg
Red Dead Redemption.

Not sure why I stopped halfway through but when I came back to it I absolutely loved it.
I had never even heard his name before the suffice first thing.

This right here is the first picture I see of him.

I don't care if he's balding, so no I didn't know.
Any time the door could be blocked to trap people inside, safety code mandates inswing doors.

Like your house for example. And your room.
I struggle with these big numbers.
07 Sabres if I'm not mistaken were pretty good.
C'est comme ça que j'ai abouti client Prime. Essai gratuit qui a été converti en compte payant et puis là ça fait 4 ans avec environ 50 commandes par année haha.
I wouldn't watch it on a Tuesday but that's just me. 
Have you ever owned a wire chewing cat?
Last time I went back home was in 2015 and my grand mother is now 96. Every time I see her I treat it like it's the last time.
> Stop trying to be Scott Gomez with those back passes

I'd say he isn't trying to be Scott Gomez. He's succeeding at being Scott Gomez.
We made top 31 in every category my friend.
Exactly. Everybody knew exactly what to expect of Gill, and he extremely rarely underperformed by those standards.
What about a skilled McDonald's line cook though?
I have a cobalt boost that's originally blue, like OP (don't remember which one) and I have black apex.

Bleh.
This is all wheel drive. My Jeep is half wheel half tire.

/r/MaliciousCompliance 
Back in 2000 I got my first cable modem in Canada and it's been metered like that ever since. Well recently I got unlimited but it's a different ISP.

I'm surprised it wasn't metered in the us before. It's been normal for us for ever. Disappointing but normal.
They might do the drills with the same weights but if it was about who can lift the most ONCE it may be different.
Oh hey look at that, something about a building for the 2018 olympics. We just might find out tomorrow then!
Thanks I'll start from there. Never occurred to me that the fuel pump would have its own fuse and it could possibly be that simple.

That's good to know. I'm gonna keep doing that small troubleshooting until Sunday and if I can't figure it out by then I'll get it towed to a nearby shop for Monday.

I know *about* many things but I am not super mechanically inclined so beyond that basic maintenance I'll rely on a professional. Also don't have the right equipment at the moment anyway.
It's -20c outside and that's in my garage. Definitely not a rodent situation. It started fine on Sunday night (in the garage) and didn't start on Monday (still in the garage).

I did try starting it at WOT and no luck. I didn't pay attention to the pump sound although I do know what it sounds like.

Oh I know that, I'm not trying to justify or explain anything. I'm just saying elsewhere it's different.
I know, I'm just pointing out what other places have to deal with.

It's also a lot more enjoyable as a citizen when streets aren't a fucking battlefield because the city just waits for the next chinook.
Admit that you picked it thinking of Modern Warfare though.
It's not your needs that differ, it's your wants.
Then use a different tool. YNAB is based around core principles and if it doesn't suit you, it may not be for you.
I mean every year the snow just doesn't melt outside of Alberta. They just pick it up.
I'm not sure what to do with this information.
I heard that sound in my head.
Cool, thanks.

Any simple test I can do at home?

Could it be spark plugs? They're originals from 2009 but the car only has 70k km (just under 45k miles)

It's freezing but not below (in the garage) so I doubt fuel is frozen in the lines or anything like that. The car started fine just a week ago when it was like -30 celsius too. Tank is full.
I was 29 in 2012 and my wife was 26. Calgary.
I saw the first two words of the title and expected it to be about how it's finally arbour to come out.

Bit surprised haha.
We really don't have a lot of snow here it shouldn't be that hard to find somewhere to put it. 
Tomorrow.
Tide Ad is the new Chuck Testa
It's about defining someone as stupid using that word. That's what's bugging people.
Either one would not be what they are today if they belonged to Yahoo.
It has to be one of those glass doors that becomes smokey when you lock it.

Edit: https://weburbanist.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/smart-glass-door-handle-activated.gif
It's not secret it's your payment.
Fact remains that without Roy we might still be hoping for #23.
Well yeah but this is about his Habs stats.
1993? They had no business winning.
Ok then. Conn Smythe?
You could think that he's pretty good but two Cups short of being great, which is pretty accurate.
Add coke and Pepsi and you've got most of the products you can see in a grocery store.
How do you know that?
Except for the part where the Eagles aren't in the lead anymore.
Is this Tim Brody guy Brad Doty's cousin?
That's why we got rid of him.
Jesse says many things, some are good, some aren't. Whatever works for you is what's best. Jesse isn't your dad (well statistically he might be).
It's absolutely how it's designed. Assets and liabilities. 

If you want to know your real net worth, you need all your debt, and all your assets. I don't have stuff like my furniture of course but I have my cars and my home on there, as well as my investments. I only update those monthly do it's really not something that's hard to do.
Congrats? We're talking about Canada.
Have you ever been through the process of building a Porsche? 

Nobody buys a base Porsche, and every little thing is extra. Sure it's a 75k car, but the ones you see on the road will probably be 100k to 120k.

Edit: I just went to the Canadian Porsche site and built a "54k Macan". 135k and I'm sure if I spent more than 3 minutes I could find a few more options to drive the price up.
Or if you're in Canada in a province with no incentive it's a 50k car.
Because it's 30-35 slower than the rest of traffic and can cause accidents. 

The minimum is 60. Below that you can get ticketed.
His face is misleading.
Some would say he is score.
And if I'm not mistaken, in that game 7 loss he actually did something but the rest of the team shit the bed. 

I might be wrong though.
Similar for me. To me he's a Kings player and my dad kept telling me how good he was but I didn't realise it until much much later.
[Woah](http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/31/31a522eeb0813902efd7c4a677ca057eabd7e1efd2ae7d6fd2a4a561c08bce58.jpg)

(Alzner I mean)
All star game was on Gasparilla weekend.
Where do you sell those things anyway? When I looked into it, the site I found that seemed reputable stopped doing Canadian sales. Only purchases... Which is stupid.
If you cash out then use it as a retirement plan yes. As long as it's still bitcoin it shouldn't be a retirement plan. There's not enough data available for it to be a retirement plan.
It started on a Monday and it has 31 days so there were 4 weeks and 4 weekends then we still had half a week left.

Monthly bills don't change but say your mortgage is every other week rather than twice a month, like mine, then January is likely one of the two months where you have three payments. 

In my case it was 5th, 19th, 25th but I only get paid on the 15th and the 31st so I had two payments with one paycheck in the second half of the month there.
I literally never used it for like 7 years that I had it, then I had a kid and I only use it to post pictures of her in a private group so I don't have to update everyone separately (I have zero family anywhere closer than a 4h flight) and I don't have to shove her life story down people's throat (nor do I want to) on my actual Facebook page.

It's just super convenient but I don't really like that it's in Facebook if that makes sense.
I too have about 3" between my desk and the ceiling.
What's the best stop off I-84 on the way back from Seattle?
It was like a day after we beat them in shootout if I'm not mistaken.
It's the shake.
Different company. Virgin is Bell in Canada.
I don't think getting rid of timings would be a good thing.
That sounds like us except for the goaltending part.
What are you talking about we have like 8 first line centers.
The guy is a walking scouting report. He would absolutely help on that front, which is more than enough impact on top of the admin part of the position.
So what you're saying is we were playing games where it was tied with 2 minutes left. Nice.
My friend is affected and he's doing graphic design so not all positions affected directly mean you're service will get worse.
Buttons and knobs are better for certain things. But what's the use for this thing in a 2018 model year? 

https://goo.gl/images/7AGJtL
Their top of the line vehicles are all touchscreen. And yeah I'm from Canada I do know how these things go.

Even a resistive screen would be better than their current system.
Nice. The Ionic video was one of those "on shit I've been watching for 30min" videos for me.
Nice! Any EV in the pipeline?
> We need to be exceptionally shitty to finish the year.

Whether we need to or not, pretty sure we're going to be.
Well, yours and Dunkey's bell are the only two I clicked so it works okay.

Also I need to know Yuri's opinion on the Volvo (any Volvo) infotainment system. Why on Earth do they still have phone buttons?
If you like cars, /u/thestraightpipes definitely.
If they cared about retail they'd be a retail store.

They care about selling their shit, and they found a way to do it more efficiently.
I bet it will still have a set of goddamn touchtone phone buttons. WTF Volvo!
She's from Calgary so a little bit of both.
Oui, je l'ai lu et t'as raison.
This whole time I thought one was scheduled and one was imported. Didn't know what was wrong since that's normal and you just need to match them.
I assumed you were doing file import. 

Why do you have two transactions then? Can you not just edit your scheduled transaction when it shows up and then clear it?
PINGINDANORF!
Match as in select two transactions, click edit and select match.
Hmm okay I just remember without a reminder I guess. 

Can you match it once you have a real amount in there?
How is that possible... Or useful?
Are the amounts identical?
Oh. Yeah this sub isn't about the book. Most people don't like the idea of the book even being a thing.

Edit: The sidebar says:

This subreddit is dedicated to discussion on the popular budget software You Need A Budget. We welcome any posts here regarding YNAB. Feel free to post your questions, budget strategies & advice.

I guess I forgot how many new subscribers came with the launch of the revamped mobile app (many people who don't even know the software is primarily a browser solution, and used to be a piece of installed software) and now with the book there might be another small uptick.

The sub has been around for years! So, welcome!
Every day that passes I forget about budgetwise a bit more. Classic case of announcing too early, or maybe he doesn't know what his MVP should be.
Sorry what did you think the sub was about if not for people using the software?
Je ne fais pas de ski de fond mais j’habite à Calgary. C’est cool que tu serves des gens en français. Je suis certain qu’ils apprécient. 
« Hey les gars on a un nouveau contrat pour avoir plus de job, mais on va baisser nos prix pour être sûr qu’on fait pas plus d’argent même si on a plus de job. »

-	Personne
http://t1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTaH9T3KPGHvwu0zP4i16tJonUfnQF9CuHoJARGry2AvfXDu6x7
Or end a line with two spaces before the line break.
Pretty sure Ford didn't take bailout money in 2009. They authorised a loan but didn't end up needing it. 

They were for the bailouts though because they feared their suppliers would suffer too much from the others going under and that would affect them.
That worked for me thanks!
I did not expect posts about loved ones. More like criminal cases and Wikipedia type stuff.

There are kids in there. I have a 2 year old and I can't handle that sub. God dammit. 
I have a TFSA where I own single stocks. I have a number of stocks that went way up recently.

I don't plan to do anything with it but I have a theoretical question, maybe someone here can answer it.

If I contribute less than my allocated space, but it grows to more than my allocated space, would withdrawing it all mean that I can contribute all of it back next year, or only up to my max?

I'm going to use simple numbers that have nothing to do with real TFSA cap space (not yearly, but overall)

Say I contributed 9k of a maximum of 10k, but it grew to 15k. Can I withdraw 15k, and then put 15k back next year, or can I only withdraw 10k, or can I withdraw 15k but only put 10k back next year?

Just something that came up in conversations at work and I don't know the answer. It's on topic, so might as well ask here.
I did too!
Yeah well 8.5% is unlikely.
Lol
Well that's proof!
We're unlikely to finish low enough to have a reasonable shot at Dahlin to be honest.
Yeah the app is updated now.
My notification said Petry on the first one.
I'm not watching. What's going on!
Not watching but my notification said Gallagher.
Hey if you're not wired or that's fine. I'm just saying it's weird to me.
Mkay how do I come back from that answer...
That is correct. He earns respect for his production and his intensity. Not for "the way he plays the game".

His play style rides a fine line, but many other players ride the same line, leaning to the other side.
I'd rather have a handshake and a memory than a picture even. I don't have to prove I've met someone to anyone, and I remember it.
It's super weird to me to ask for an autograph from someone younger than you.

I would purchase certified autographed products but I don't know that I'd be comfortable asking for an autograph in person when surrounded with kids. Like in a meet-and-greet I'd probably be okay with it but... I dunno it's just weird.

I only own a few autographed pieces. Gordie Howe picture, Framed picture of Jean Beliveau holding the Cup on the ice, 1965, and a Habs puck signed by Guy Lafleur. Never got an autograph in person, although I have met some players in the past.
I have no fucking clue how tall these people are.

34 years old, Quebec school system.

I mean I learned it, but I've never referred to people's height in cm, or weight in kg for that matter.
OP used "they" twice. You used "she".

^^^just ^^^starting ^^^the ^^^conversation.
Why? Where do you live that living to 74 is pretty slim with an additional 43 years of medical knowledge?
Amanda Beckett. Nnnngggg.

Only thing that I think MIGHT come close in that era is Rachael Leigh Cook in She's All That. 
Your comment prompted me to take a look at mine.

Energy charge: $49.90  
Admin Charge: $7.70  
Distribution Charge: $24.85  
Transmission Charge: $16.21  
Balancing Pool Allocation: $1.01  
Rate Riders: $12.13  
Local access fee paid to CALGARY: $9.75

Total $121.55 for my electricity, but I used 833.000 kWh @ $0.0599000 / kWh

This is for November 30 2017 to Jan 1 2018.

Edit: According to ENMAX, I use 59% more electricity than "Efficient Homes" but 8% less than similar homes. And by similar homes, they mean:

Approximately 90 homes similar to yours. Note: vacant homes are not included.

All within 9.2 kilometres (average 4.7 kilometres away)  
Average of 2,261 sq. ft.  
All are single family houses  
Average 4 occupants  
All have natural gas heat  

And in case you're curious, this is what they mean by efficient homes:

The 20 per cent of the Similar Homes group who used the least amount of energy for the selected period.
Also those 20 shot games might include games where he got pulled. 
Sure is.
I dunno I'm not worried about Weber one bit.
When looking at the pace over 82 games (since Weber is injured)

0.6 goal difference (in favor of Subban)
11.3 assists difference (in favor of Subban)

One plays on a team that is on pace for 112pts and the other is injured on a team that's on pace for 78pts.

Even just looking at the pictures used, you can tell the site creator is super biased.
We are on a budget, I'm glad we didn't overpay!

(/s)
A Stanley Cup will sell jerseys too, just saying. 

Edit: We saw it in 2010 and even 2008 when they finished first in the regular season for the first time in a long ass time, everyone was wearing Habs gear and I didn't even live in Montreal proper. It was ridiculous.

If the Habs are still in the playoffs when the snow is gone, t-shirts and hats and jersey sales skyrocket. Doesn't fucking matter whose name is back there.
Hell, even English speaking payers with French sounding names are getting hyped up by our uneducated fan base.

I've seen Facebook replies to the official Habs page that said we needed to "bring Marleau back home" last summer. People were mad when we got rid of Nathan Beaulieu. Hell, people were excited when we got Rene Bourque.

It's embarrassing.
This is why I like a guy like Gallagher more than Marchand even though he doesn't produce as much. He's much less likely to put your team in trouble with bullshit like that. He gets penalties that are generally the result of legit hockey plays. Of course everyone gets emotional from time to time but if you look at the video above, Marchand had plenty of time to cool down and that punch is 100% premeditated.
But people using it will be going somewhere to do touristy things which is also indirect revenue.
Who's first?

^^I ^^keed ^^^I ^^^keed
Certainly tried in the last 6 minutes.
But also as on purpose as you're ever gonna see.
I'm in Canada, I was 16, and I remember talking to my girlfriend at the time about ways to avoid a potential draft. You have no idea how far fetched that probably was. Everyone felt affected one way or another.
I would challenge for offside because YOU NEVER FUCKING KNOW WHAT CAN HAPPEN IN 11 SECONDS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPseOlTl7Dk
As is tradition.

I was just telling my wife that Price's career shutout total is extremely impressive because he always seems to lose his shutout in the last 5 minutes.
He re-specced his wrist shot talents into it.
Which is not what he is.
> Byron at centre. McGuire thinks he could be an ok centre, but if you ever had to match him up against someone like Crosby in a play-off series, he’d be destroyed. Byron could be a decent depth centre, but he isn’t a top centre by any means.

Oh, really?

> Running him out of town based on being upset about his performance will come back to bite us. 

Absolutely. We're all frustrated but honestly, he's the kind of guy we need and to trade him for a chance to maybe get another him is... well, stupid.
This sounds like Montreal last year.  
And now we sound like Colorado last year. Not quite but you get my point.
Also a good GPU currently costs what a whole rig used to cost. 
But how you feel does not matter.
Me too.

Because $WEED.TO
Alberta for 9 years and before that, Quebec for 25 years.

I now say poo-teen when I order because otherwise I get blank stares half the time.
We need to go one level deeper and have Auston Matthews WITHOUT EYEBROWS!
The Ducks should have protected coach Bombay in the expansion draft. Now VGK is going to take this bunch of average players to the championship!
I'm not an emoji user. What happened to it? What did they replace it with?
Someone above said high rise. I don't have another source.
Isn't that what's going there though...
The quality of their hardware hasn't really, but their software definitely has.
You can add them through PSN under players met if you're really into them but the purpose of the game itself is to communicate through a couple noises and just character movement. 

Fantastic game though.
Absolutely. Only teams who are already contenders have untouchables. If Pittsburgh needed to rebuild, given the fact that he's already won them a few Cups, Crosby would be available. His return would be enough to rebuild a core.
We are in a win never market and people still buy tickets.

When you run your own business and don't have a good product, people don't buy it. I don't see why their business should be any different.
Depends if he thinks he needs to rebuild or retool. 
People complain that he's not using our cap. Well guess what if you truly want to use up your cap you gotta give up picks and add to the active roster. 

He wants the picks. He's not stupid he sees the prospect pool he's working with.
They had a highlight reel of Ehlers from that game. Holy shit he good.
A team who has cheap talent and a decent window. Nobody cares about cap crunch in 6 years is they get 5 solid shots at the Cup before then.
As if we'd get nothing for Weber? In what world do you live?
Victor Hedman wasn't exactly fantastic in his first few seasons and he was a 2nd overall. 

Very few defensemen jump into the NHL and dominate right away. 
Unless you're talking about Weber apparently.
But you write it as fact.
My thoughts are we need to stop relying on other teams to develop players that we then want to overpay for. 

Fucking develop talent and add a few non critical pieces here and there as needed. 
Gone where
They're pretty close to the top I'm not sure what everyone is expecting.
It's not all about stats. When the team sucks your stats are usually less than impressive unless you're truly exceptional. 

He's been playing very well since the team started playing close to 500. 
Because he's having a shit game in an otherwise pretty good season that was only really bad when the whole team was really bad.
It's because since there are a lot of us, there's bound to be a bunch of insufferable twats among us, so we all have to deal with the reputation we as a group have built for ourselves. 

Also our rivals are big markets so there's a lot of people who don't like us.
They'd never turn away but they also didn't get a power play.
I bought at 9 and I wish I got in earlier.
Yeah it's about the same size you're right. Competes with the Juke and the CH-R.
Smaller crossovers would probably work. Well find out when the fully electric Niro comes out.

Edit: and the i-Pace will tell us more about bigger SUVs.
I verified it guys.
How do you combine your glasses with a gif?
His stats on NHL.com said 45 during the game yesterday.
School and playground zones are 30km/h yes.
39 including tonight's goal.
Done!
He's playing well in Washington actually.
It's not over.
That Patch assist was intentional!
Probably one of the Superbowl threads...  


Ayyy
Remember a dozen games in when everyone was saying it was unsustainably bad? 

Hmm...
Have you been reading the comments here? Nobody thinks he's playing well...
Also with mentioning that Drouin is now sulking like a little bitch.
He's actually not bad at what he does. My wife is a Caps fan and I get Washington alerts for the Washington games and he seems to be contributing more than some of our plugs.
Looked like Petry got a shot off on that play, wow!
We don't see that rule enforced that way very often.
That's what I saw first too.
Not just any soccer goalie. It's the man, the myth, the legend, Scott Sterling himself.

https://youtu.be/8F9jXYOH2c0
Hmm well as of right now we're not not bidding. As close as it gets.
That distribution center announcement was made on October 26, 2017.
Are Apple Maps jokes still a thing?
I believe so yes, but she doesn't know him.
My wife is from Cullman, and we went there for one of our first dates. It was pretty cool.
My immediate takeaway is that Rachael Leigh Cook used to be unbelievably hot (probably still is).
There's a hole in my soul!
We heard it here and nowhere else.
I know they've delivered a couple thousand Model 3 but let's not kid ourselves. They aren't available yet if you don't already have your reservation. 
Valentine's day 2007. Had to abandon my car on Wellington in front of Service de l'Estrie and walk up to 18th avenue N (behind McDonald's on King E).

Not the Valentine's day I was envisioning.

Edit: In case you weren't aware or don't remember, it was due to an insane snowstorm.
*poison water
Third line's good. Fourth line's good.
Hull
Nobody in their right mind thinks Price is #1 or even close to that this year.
Well then it doesn't even matter how good he is!
I mean everyone plays 82 games so it doesn't matter. Draft order isn't based on where you stand as of January 15th.
Julien could just be back for a third go at it.
> Schlemko had Disney eyes when they were reviewing

[Like this?](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CCBW-bpWAAAlZEp.png)
Barzal has been the best player on the ice for a few games now.
> Schlemko got his first goal

I have bad news for you...
And yet both goalies let 5 in. Unfortunately, one of ours didn't count.
As of right now he certainly is.
fuck the referee's what?
I'm seeing posts about how Price appears to have made a good play, but my phone says Tavares scored. Are people behind?
https://imgur.com/xglyi
So powerful Eberle can't keep his balance.
Wife watching something. I watched the first 2 then did some work.

I only have 2 more TVs and 3 iPads and a laptop that I can watch the game on. Maybe I'll do that haha.
I am not watching but my phone just said Petry made it 4-4.
That tru?
Are you suggesting we send Price to the Islanders?
Hey, for elite centers it's all about assists, and he has 15 of those thank you very much.
Also one of them has 38 games played, other has 23. Guess which one's which.
Why are you guys complaining don't you want a shot at Dahlin? Fucking decide! Refs are helping us!
He wants to be an elite center. I want to be a potato skin.
Z-a-r-zar b-i-t-e-bite zarbite.
53 seconds. No it isn't considered beyond figuring out how much time has to be added back to the clock.
I did mention "at first I thought he was a cop" as if I had realized he wasn't at some point. Also the first time I watched I didn't have sound.
I was just about to post that on this photo she looks like an even hotter Jamie Pressley in her prime.
I haven't been in a few years but I might have to go soon-ish because my 2 year old thinks it's [The Lookout from Paw Patrol](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/paw-patrol/images/3/32/Lookout.png).
He also says very frequently that he's not an expert in insurance, investments or other financial products. He just recommends what works for him, like real estate.

Remember, he's talking to people with little to no investments and loads of debt. Higher fee investments are still better than no investments whatsoever.
They are kept frozen on purpose: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hockey_puck#In_ice_hockey
Plug in Chrome Dynamite te laisse décider ce que tu veux cacher et tu peux cacher l'élément paywall. Ou tu peux le faire dans l'inspecteur si tu es confortable avec ça. 
Seems to? It's been his sole focus for 25 years. His Maserati license plate is NODEBT (don't have a source at this time).
WAY TOO FUCKING COMPLICATED.
How do people struggle with that?
You have two things to remember. You don't need the crocodile trick. You're not 8.

Come on people.
Yep. And it gets stuck below bridges, creates basically a dam, and floods everything nearby! Woo!
a 5mph frozen puck to the head will hurt a lot.
76 is fast as fuck.
There was no joke though. For once they actually said the right God damn thing.
No, they said head.
I don't know if it would be 5 or just a spin-off but I'm curious about Sam and Sully personally.
Nah putting the puck to the net is rarely a bad decision. It was an accident. We're just talking in hypotheticals.
Yeah that's what I'm saying. It's not to put the blame on Chara he absolutely didn't mean to but had the shot been on target he would have gotten Danault's midsection. 
It's back on so fuck you. <3
More likely skull fracture. If the puck hit the temple area it's very concerning. 

Fresh update from CBC just now he's awake and moving and it's a head injury.
His jersey collar was soaked in blood on the left side (he was laying on his left side I believe so gravity did its thing).
That shot was going straight to the net (not the goal) though. Of course it's s hockey play but shooting that high it's a little bit on him.
I dunno if you came to our sub you'd see that it's not unexpected. Pretty common opinion. Probably funnier to you then anyone else though.
It has, and it's shit so nobody wanted it.
Wait is he just a civilian? What's his jacket? He does not behave like a cop but at first I thought he was a cop.
Where it doesn't snow.
If Montreal gets him then he could end up ANYWHERE in the league!
Is it the Padakin that played for the Hitmen? No idea he was in the KHL.
The part that makes the most sense is insurance. If a player gets hurt playing in an unsanctioned league but is able to hide the injury, and then goes to his Hockey Canada team, injury gets worse, they're on the hook for taking care of him.

Officials, coaches and development, whatever. They don't care as much I'm sure, because it doesn't affect them financially.
Beautiful.
"Quelle sorte de plotte c'est ça?" est en tête avec 78 views. Hmm.
D-Natural is back! And gone again.
1, 2, 3
Je suis déçu de voir que D-Natural n'a jamais atteint le million :(
She died 35 years ago how is that too soon? Or am I missing something?
She actually looks a bit like Emily Deschanel I feel like.
Look at the questions too.
Most terminals with NFC don't have an attachment, you're right. You just tap the screen.
I don't know anything about shooting. This looks impressive. But in this case, 100% upvoted because girl.
So things most people don't need basically.
As usual Danrik is second.
Did this turn into a Pacioretty post?
And chucky if you base it on the last 10 games.
Depends how it's executed. If they deposit the money in your account and you pay other loans off, my approach works. 

If everything happens behind the scene and nothing ever hits your account, then yeah it's different.
> now these pearl-clutching NIMBYs will think they've won again

Haven't they?
It's inflow into your account. To Be Budgeted says nothing about income, it says it's money to be budgeted.

If you want to reflect reality, then you will take that money and pay off your other accounts.

If everything happens before you see the money, then no, you wouldn't necessarily do TBB. You would literally set your balance on all your loans to 0 and close them, then create a new tracking account for the new loan.

I think sometimes (in fact, very often based on the posts I see here) people get all caught up in "omg how am I going to do this in YNAB" instead of just making sure it makes sense and reflects reality.

When I sold my house and had a huge amount of cash in my account, and then paid off a few things, I wanted to reflect reality, so I put in a huge inflow in TBB because I was then able to match that transaction that does show up in my account, and then paid off my accounts, because that's what I did in real life.

Ultimately, if the numbers line up, don't overthink it.
I would do a tracking account and categorize payments as expenses like any other bill.

Initial inflow goes to TBB then pay off whatever you paid off.

I keep my tracking accounts balances in sync manually twice a month (when I get paid)
It's more about keeping track of the budgeted amounts (goals) than the transactions themselves.
Usually my teammate and I will play until we lose when we decide it's time to stop. Best we've done is six wins from that point. 

So we always end on a loss.
They all spawned from that one franchisee who is an asshole and happens to be the heir of one of the fingers.
Nothing is ever gonna top that one in my book. It's just too funny. His reaction, his comments, the ensuing Reddit posts that said exactly what he says there for months because let's face it... He does play bad decks against bad decks and that happens somewhat regularly.
Back off he's staying here.
Right, which is stupid. I think we should just have that (like football touchdowns) and no challenge. 

Maybe ref initiated review but they don't like to second guess each other's decision. Coach's challenge as a whole is just a big delay. You win some you lose some, and if it was just gone nobody would be worse off.
Didn't you just describe the current rule though?
> has one foot on/over the blue line the play shall be considered onside

Well then it's going to be a milimeter's game about the front foot instead of the back foot.
Again, I wish a month's worth of groceries was $83.

For me it's usually somewhere between $500 and $700 for groceries. Canadian dollars.
I too like it when my blinkers go double speed because my satellite radio is paused.

None of the electrical has ever made sense on BMW cars. And VW.
It's not as much an issue with democracy as it is an issue with your current two party system.
I could not watch the game last night. Looks like they played a solid game from start to finish. I don't know if this recap is biased or what, but Montreal appeared to have a LOT more chances than Vancouver even when it was 2-2, and they were good chances too.

When did they start shooting from the slot so much?
SHIFT_Generations
I've got no issue. Merely preferences. I asked a question and you're trying to analyse my life and tell me why I don't need what I'm asking for. 

I know I don't need it, I just want it. So if you have nothing to contribute just please spend your time in another thread.
Call me crazy but I prefer her now.
Sounds like you're a woman. I have bad news for you.
After death
You're really just looking for confrontation aren't you?
Are you suggesting that good tires plus AWD does not give you more traction than just good tires? 

From my experience the biggest advantage of good tires is stopping and the biggest advantage of AWD is starting. 
They don't make those anymore do they? I've looked for them in the past I've found one in Canada, a 3 days drive away.i
It'll be close to 70k at the current exchange rate. I had a reservation from day one but got my thousand bucks back for various reasons, price (for the features I'm looking for) being one of them.
That's a whole lot of assumptions in one little post right there.
I don't do off roading I just meant there's snow around here and I've noticed a huge difference in traction with AWD. I don't even mind the clearance, that's just a nice to have. 

So basically I'm looking for 50-60 kWh packs to be in 40k CAD cars with dual motors, which may be what... 3-4 years away?
That's kinda cool. Mine is 2014 though. Not really interested in cars much older than that. You really get used to infotainment systems and the seats of modern vehicles.
FFS please no.
Is that a thing in the NHL now? Just noticed Montreal is also playing Sunday then the following Monday (8 days apart) and nothing in between.
Also known as gender equality. Right?
Nowhere is.
Signs. Birthday scene.
Il a déjà un emploi.
It never bothered me until this very moment.
Ouch...
Wait so your point against mine is that they already do that except for the parts that are regulated? Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....
Not according to the ultimate source of information that is Wikipedia. 
And Canadians will cry a single tear again.
It's a Lamborghini. Get a brains, moran.
Best style imo.
Ok then. Let companies decide who can buy guns and which guns they can buy. Scrap that amendment, see what happens.
They're hidden. I have one master category called one-time purchases where anything $250 or more that I can think of is there. Like right now I have a closet organization project, stock options buying plan, a trip, getting AC installed in my new house, preparing the baby room before baby is born, etc. Basically a goal farm.

Once those things happen, I hide them.

If I want to take a similar trip in a year, I can see how much it cost me the last time around.
So what's the delivery fee then?
Replace Reddit with Apollo you can customise the icon.
No you have to wait until the child is born, but you can save money until then and then do a lump sum contribution when you open the RESP. You'll reach your max contribution quicker and benefit from interests for a longer period of time.
A Maxima is faster than a Model S without a drive unit!
Prepare to be disappointed.
This is one thing I Just don't understand. Maybe I'm exposing myself to some risk, but it has never felt that way to me.

Wife and I have 1 joint chequing account, 1 joint USD account, 1 joint savings account, each 1 RRSP account, I have a TFSA account, and then we have a RESP account for our daughter.

All of it with the same bank except for the RESP.

What's the advantage of having a little bit of money everywhere and how does it compensate losing all the convenience of a global view?
Ok then. USArizona
He did but if he skated a couple feet left or right he would've probably put it in. Wasn't his best shot, he panicked a bit.
Was the second one shot wide or was that two ridiculous saves in OT?

Edit: Was a save.
Mine is the ~~2017~~ 2018 because that's the kind of obvious shit that you shouldn't miss but always do, and if you believe this sub, he's the kind of guy to miss obvious shit on a regular basis.
If he plays in OT it'll be at the point.
The screen protector is softer than the screen. It will get scratched by things that are harder than itself, but softer than the screen.

In other words, something that scratches the protector does not necessarily scratch the screen, so scratches on the protector give you absolutely zero certainty that it protected your screen from being scratched.
Where does the money come from?

If you overspend with a credit card account, it will simply move the new debt to the credit card category to reflect reality.

If you overspend with actual money, it will require you to cover your expenses with other budget categories, because you can't spend cash you don't have.
Well then maybe he deserved being traded if he couldn't follow the team's rules? How is that character assassination?
He was a player on a hockey team and then he was traded. Nobody from the team has never said anything negative about him in any official manner.  

It all comes from the fans and the media.  

Calm down a little.
Nono, Dahlin is ours!
They walk around 1. Diapers depend on the kid. My daughter was potty trained at 20 months but there are 4 year olds in pull ups at her daycare (which I find unacceptable personally). Usually they show signs of readiness around 2.
I make a category per trip and put everything, from plane tickets to coffee to gas for rental. But that's because I like to see those things in a report.
Why were you eager to get a grilled cheese from Tim Horton's in the first place?
Yes but you also have to look for other languages which are all in the same file. Have to replace it multiple times. 
I had a SNES and I never had Mario World. It must not have been available throughout the entire generation.
Yes. Personally the only thing I don't do manually is income. I truly in import for that one so that I truly cannot budget money I don't have but otherwise everything is manual and I import only to reconcile (well, I import daily to match transactions and I reconcile every time I get paid).
Mandatory for players entering the league. Guys who were already there could choose to play without a helmet until they retired. See McTavish.
If he plays it's really hard to get both. But I guess if we never score he could have 1.0 GAA and still lose every game. 
Bergevin
How else would we get that coveted 13th overall pick?
And even though it's a classic, same could probably be said about Super Mario Bros.
Other auto makers are established within a certain price range. That's why you won't see a LEAF with a 90kWh battery. An Infiniti maybe. 

Porsche is playing within the same ballpark as Tesla and, well look at that, the Mission E comes pretty close! 

But yeah, Tesla is an energy company that makes cars. They are nothing without the best batteries. Other manufacturers still sell ICE vehicles for revenue.
> Wall of text

Could have just said because you have the best team in the league, man.
I like the shrugs the Sharks players give. Like WTF do I do now coach? He doesn't want to fight!
What do you not understand about the idea that even though you don't actually think something exists, you're open to the idea that it may?

Your example isn't any more far fetched than a single entity having created it all. 

As I mentioned earlier, you're going through a whole lot of efforts to convince people to be like you, just like certain religious people do. No different.
It's like in cool boarders when you hold X for a super long time. It's that kind of rotation speed.
FYI if you say "I firmly believe this doesn't exist but if you prove me wrong I'll believe it" you've proven my point.
That's why being agnostic makes more sense than being atheist. Being atheist is just as "crazy" as being religious because it's based on believing something with no proof whatsoever.

Being agnostic is the perfect "I really don't know and I really don't care" position. Maybe it's there, maybe it's not, doesn't make a difference in my life.

Being atheist sounds like a lot of work, since they try to convince people and shit, and they're constantly trying to defend their position with other crazies with different opinions. I'm too old for that shit.
I started driving in like 1998 and it was like that in Quebec, Canada. Not all station had it available, but those that did we basically like that. One side DIY, other side someone will pump it for you. 

Always did self serve. 

Now I'm in Alberta and I can only think of one chain (Co Op Gas) that still has full service that I know of.
And toque is also French, and it's a chef's hat.
Right when his value is nice and high.
Do you want make spoon?
Just tried and siri said "Follow my voice". Cool.
So then we gotta keep Patches.
Hey Siri/OK Google
I feel like Calgary is by far the easiest of the large Canadian cities to drive in.

I have only been to Edmonton and Vancouver once, and Toronto proper as a passenger (although several times to Mississauga and west). I've been to Montreal too often to count though. 

Calgary is mostly courteous, slow driving (in comparison), and very light on traffic. 

But I wish winter tires were mandatory like in Quebec.
Butt slap!
That is the only one I've played and it was so good. Are you saying I should replay that game?
So, who do we get from NYR?
I'm just a lurker so I don't know if I have the right to criticize, or if I even have the right definition for meta (because maybe you guys only use meta from the sub instead of reddit as a whole) but either way, [you missed a pretty good opportunity to use those.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CrappyDesign/comments/7ml2jx/these_2018_new_years_glasses/)
I played legion for a month a few months ago, other than that I had played a few months of WoD but before that vanilla through cataclysm first content patch.

So you're not spoiling anything for me, or well nothing I care about. Thanks! That explains it.
Ohi thought they were all chronological so I stopped at around the point I stopped raiding.
Shouldn't Kil'Jaeden be somewhere in there?
I'm not in the us and our ISPs in Canada are bad but not as bad. Still, when my company moved I returned the equipment in person and asked for a letter to confirm there was no outstanding charges and that the amount had been terminated. 

Gave it to accounting and now I can sleep at night.
I have never seen it. I didn't realise it was not all from the movie until the comments. I genuinely went WTF. 
Washington is my wife's team so some years it's been tough but I've always sort of rooted for them anyway.

I live in Calgary now so I kind of follow the Flames a bit but every time I go see them I find myself watching with no emotions toward either team that's on the ice. Only happened a handful of times that I actually genuinely cheered with the rest of the crowd when they scored.

And before the season started I said multiple times I would follow Vegas if the Habs kept going the way preseason went. So I've been following Vegas. 

I'm glad I have Centre Ice.

I have family in Tampa but fuck that one. I mean I'll be happy for them if they win but I can't cheer for them and keep a straight face.
There are only like 20 transactions and it's basically fees, interest and transfers.

I might do that.
I mean there's a name for it. Couch co-op. Split screen is split screen. 

Go ahead and call it something else but don't complain when people think you're talking about something different.
Diablo is not split screen. Up to four players on the same screen. Menus take turn.
Yeah well you're not Bergevin so I'm not gonna hold my breath.
I never decide to play permanent goalie. They turn around and come midfield and see me back so they go back to offense. Then they bitch I don't rotate. 

But if I risk going past midfield and it goes over my head then it's my fault.
He probably got points for SOG so he's gonna go tell his "trash tm8s" that their points total sucks compared to his.
I knew the item you got with it was untradable. It wasn't immediately obvious to me that anything acquired trading said item in would retain untradable status. 

No need to be a dick in your responses. Your comment reads as if you have a massive sense of superiority because you knew something I didn't.
The idea that you would take your shitty untradable sticker and merge it with 4 tradeable stickers and get in return an unreadable item sucks.

I thought decryptors were fine because I figured I could always trade up but if that locks ALL resulting items out of player trading it's nearly useless to me.
Hit the right arrow so the cursor is after the text then hit + and write the extra amount. By default it's selected so it overwrites it. Stupid.

Toolkit browser addon fixes that, though. Highly recommended.
Decryptors just got a whole lot less useful in my book.

Edit: judging by the replies I got I think I didn't make my point clear. I'm aware decryptors make create items untradable. That's fine, that's the deal. 

Making items resulting from trade-ups that involve ONE untradable item out of five ALSO untradable is what stinks and what I wasn't expecting. 
I bought into $WEED.TO at $9.92

Aww yissss.
He dresses sharp though, and he's swole.
First couple penalties they played well. Wasn't just Price.
He's playing to get out.
Not 30sec in.
Was that the one where he started turning left then changed his mind and went right, then was a half a second behind the play?
Here just almost scored in OT.
Yes but we gave them like 6 powerplays and the second goal came 30sec after an 18min break. They weren't tired.
Bergevin is the biggest tool we got so it goes without saying that to retool he has to go.
He seized this team in his gloved hand and tossed it in his own net.
Flawed theory because of Gretzky's coaching record.
He scored tonight in a big game vs Boston.
Eller is playing well in Washington.
Based on the replay they showed on TSN, that 5on3 want necessary. Not called very often.
What I saw wasn't much of a hook. They must have shown the wrong replay on TSN2.
No. This is what trusting and developing your draft picks does.
That is a good powerplay team.
What did he do though? Did you see it? I didn't.
Until next game?
5 on 3 that'll be nice. 

Edit: where the fuck was the penalty?
Not really. We have to accept that. We don't have the ability to do so. We're not underperforming, we're just bad.
In one game it happened twice so that's 12 games.

Let's assume it only happened during regulation losses, that's 12 out of 17 losses.
Were they below the goal line too?
But that's because those team aren't even. So you're both right. 

The team showed up but since tb is superior then it's still a price game. 
Low risk prediction.
Oh I'm not implying she isn't real. I'm implying she's not your girlfriend. Because she's walking home and you owe her $55.


Good hustle by TB. Be nice if some of our players realised the importance of moving their fucking feet.
Ovi!
Don't worry I'm old af. More likely you know more hip words than me. I'm not very nitty.

Hah.
So... "Girlfriend" huh?
Autocorrect. *Not
Gotta play at the limit of what's legal. I'm not happy with it but I'm not mad. Drive the net.
With hair like that he better.
Indeed top team. Just over 26%
Delay of game penalty, go to commercial. 

Who's delaying more? 
Not fully intentional but it went in so whatever. 5avo anyway.
Take a minute to think about the fact that since we're much more of an Arizona than a Tampa, they're also shitting the bed against the Arizonas of the league. It's not an isolated phenomenon.
They haven't secured in 3 games though.
Sissy.
I thought every year since then was the joke. My bad.
For those who were alive. 
I don't see what all the fuss is about. I totally reflected then to have roughly the same record as the Devils at this point in the season...

Just not THAT record holy shit.
Looks like you're talking about the Caps game!
Drouin somewhat fits the team's needs and REALLY FUCKING FITS management's wants.
(He is playing)

Also it's a back to back which I haven't seen mentioned here. Price played last night.
Yeah give them Alzner to work against and it should be uh... Interesting.
I'm talking about under warranty work. Like if your battery is degraded enough for them to offer a replacement. 

If you show up and say I want a new battery then I'm pretty sure you'll pay full price. 

The replacement fee is for damaged phones like a shattered screen or something like that.
Oh okay I thought it was new. I don't play enough to have a lot of crap to trade in so I never noticed. 

Although knowing it's guaranteed I might part with some stuff that I wouldn't otherwise part with. 

Thanks!
There's also series involved, so like... it's not because you have 5 items of the same rarity that you can trade them in.

It's a system carefully crafted to make sure you always have no more than 4 items you don't mind giving up in your inventory.
Wait, which items? Since when? Where do I see the change notes?
More importantly, painted decals for cars you don't use. Ever.
I don't have a source, but I read in a comment here on reddit that they were considering tweaking items that are painted in a color that is very similar to the original, such as your Cobalt Datastream or my Black Apex.

So I guess what I'm saying is hold on to it, just in case they simply remove some colors from the loot table and replace the ones that are no longer available with another random color. Could turn into a white datastream.
> Does getting a new battery affect your Apple care status? 

I believe it will be $0 if it's under AppleCare, and any work performed under warranty does not affect the warranty itself.
Yes, that's what started this whole thing a week or two ago. Some dude did a Geekbench test on a phone that was getting very slow, replaced the battery and ran the test again. Performed like new.
Again, like the other person who commented to tell me what they say, look carefully. You're in a thread that start with a deleted comment. That deleted comment used to be something that sounds like Bismillah, but isn't Bismillah. As in the user tried to keep it going but screwed up, then deleted their post. That's who I was replying to.

I know the lyrics say Bismillah.
Speaking of, is there a way to convert an account from on-budget to off-budget without fucking up any kind of reporting?

I have a line of credit that I entered as line of credit but I don't ever use it, I'm treating it as a loan. Even if I did end up using it out of necessity, I would likely transfer the money to checking then do my thing from there.

Long story short, the numbers are accurate, but since it's on-budget I have a negative total balance and it's bugging me.
I know the song has always said Bismillah. I was asking the other commenter if he thought what he said was what it said in the song, because the comment said "Wish me luck" and it was inserted right after the other lyrics, implying he was trying to continue but he fucked up.

He deleted his comment out of embarrassment.
What is what they say? How do you know what the comment said? That comment was deleted before your comment. It used to say something like "Wish me luck" which phonetically sounds a bit like what they say, but it's not what they say at all.
Not sure exactly, can't remember. Something that sounded like "Bismillah". Something like "Wish me luck".
So maintenance items only, pretty much. Sad to see no new features in the near future, and a heavy focus on mobile which is pretty secondary (to me at least). Boo.
> the latest iOS update lost functionality

uhh, what?

I mean, I'm frustrated like everyone else but they made mobile almost full featured, unless you're referring to another update?

>Age of money doesn't work at all for freelancers. I have 20k saved up in taxes, age of money tells me month when in reality those 20k don't count as spendable income

Move it to another account (off-budget), it will count as spent and not available.
Well, /u/CommonModeReject posted an image that clearly stated the discount was 10% lifetime, and that this made it $45 because the price was $50.

It doesn't say it's going to be $45 forever, it says it's going to be 10% forever. You may be frustrated but there's no reason to think a business will never increase its pricing. It was carefully worded and I don't have a problem with it.
Hmmm I don't believe I received said discount. Might be wrong though, is it automatically applied if you use the same email address?
Is... Is that what you think they say?
Absolutely. I just don't see this metric as being very useful. It's always biased. 

Like, I bought a mattress and bedding in November, and now it thinks I spend that much all the time so my AoM dropped by a lot.

Edit: I think I'm actually thinking about days of buffering which might be a toolkit thing. Move along, I made a mistake.
There used to be a lot of very useful and well put together tutorials on their website. I'm sure they're still there.

Free webinars too.

Edit:
1. Very important: https://www.youneedabudget.com/method/  
2. Start here: https://www.youneedabudget.com/learn/  
3. Then here: https://www.youneedabudget.com/classes/

When you enter them, they aren't cleared. Your category will immediately show as reduced so you don't overspend. When you import, they will match and only show up once.
1.	Months no longer exists. Think pay periods now. 
2.	Bank balance no longer exists. Think To Be Budgeted now 

So you just got paid, and you ask yourself: "What does this money need to cover before I get paid again?"

Then you create the appropriate categories and ear mark the required amount of money to each category. 

When TBB reaches zero you are done. Hopefully you cover everything before you reach zero. 

Then you can enter the recurring bills that aren't monthly bills, such as Amazon prime renewal, and of course your YNAB sub. Create a goal for the required amount by the renewal date. 

Each time you get paid, fund categories and bring TBB to zero. 

Every time you buy something, ANYTHING, enter it immediately using there mobile app.

Reconcile every time you get paid to avoid headaches.
1.	You can delete it 
2.	You can disable featured content in the first place 

It's not a conspiracy it's a feature that you can turn off.
Also if you pay down debt you're value will be low but fuck it, feels good.
Slow reader?
Yeah I guess I read it as both.
Why this one more than others? Just because it's the latest loss?
I know I watch a lot of Caps games because my wife is a Caps fan. I live in Calgary so I get to watch the Flames and the Oilers quite a bit too, and I try to follow Vegas. 

I know we're bad.
He was just entering the zone with speed wide open and didn't get the puck. 

He doesn't have chemistry with anyone (not blaming him).
Yeah like Chucky's shit goal. Fucking duds.
Nope.
Not a whole lot of good decisions being made huh?
I didn't watch the first but I feel like it looked like this since the goal.
Jerabek was skating TOWARDS the corner...
We thought the same of Bissonnette and we haven't seen him. 

I think Luongo might be the next great one. :)
The loudest fans of every arena aren't in the lower bowl.
I've never gotten anything beyond a box of orange juice first giving blood... Am I getting ripped off?
I mean, pretty sure t_d started that way as well. No way it didn't.
It's a pretty cool light phenomenon but I have no idea how that is supposed to prove or disprove anything. 
Obviously because if it was round you would lose sight of i them and they would be useless.

Zero sense of scale these people.
I just started it today, only up to chapter 6, shit's about to go down (I'm at the auction).

I LOVED the first three games, but being a bit of a patient gamer these days, I didn't get that one until this Christmas. So happy to finally get to play it though!

You have some of the most critically acclaimed ever made lined up, so I think it's pretty safe to say you will enjoy your console.

Welcome aboard!
YNAB is all about right now. How much money do you have right now, and what do you need to do with it.

YNAB doesn't care how much money you'll get this month, and how often you get paid.

1. You get money? Put it in To Be Budgeted.

2. Assign each of those dollars a job.

3. Spend money within your budgeted amounts (ideally).

4. Adjust your budgeted amounts over time to make sure you aren't overspent.

5. **LEARN FROM YOUR BUDGETING EXPERIENCE**

6. Get paid again, assign those dollars a job.

7. **LEARN FROM YOUR BUDGETING EXPERIENCE**

8. **LEARN FROM YOUR BUDGETING EXPERIENCE**

9. Understand your spending habits, tweak what gets paid when, plan for all recurring costs.

10. Have a ton of money left over each time you get paid because you're so good at this "game" that is YNAB that you treat it like golf, where the lowest score wins. That way, when you get paid, all those dollars get assigned to stuff that needs to be done in a month, or two, or three.



You know how refs point for a goal and do the baseball "safe" for no goal? They need to allow a shrug to initiate video review. With no call to overturn, the ref could just make their call based on video evidence instead of just calling it one or the other. 

And then we could have cool videos of ref Wes shrugging and saying "I don't fucking know, let's go to video!".
> profligacy

Fancy!
Yeah i should have said "for those of you" in hindsight.
I know where it's from and I know how they wrote it, but it should be 

Omelette au fromage

What you just said means omelette of the cheese, or cheese's omelette.
Ç is only used in front of A, O or U to make it sound like an S instead of a K.

Ça
Merci
Maçonnerie
Wasn't there a Maury episode about that? Or was it Jerry Springer?
And in case people here don't speak French:

Déjà = already  
Vu = seen  
Rêvé = dreamt  

Already seen vs already dreamt

Edit: Formatting because I originally posted on mobile and it didn't format properly in browser.