So kind of like [transparent](https://gfycat.com/gifs/detail/BouncyForthrightCats) [aluminium](https://gfycat.com/gifs/detail/elementarydisastrousghostshrimp)?    ;\)
Only if you take it seriously. Geostorm is brilliant bullshit. We had a blast. 
This appears to be what my NASA friends call “fiddly”. 
Might even take it seriously if Stephen didn't try to make it sound like the "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Strange said at the outset if there was any way to win, he’d let Tony die. Saving Tony only makes sense if that’s how it had to go. 
Possibly both. 
Enjoy!
I believe they are on record as already having said they were using LG batteries for the 60kWh pack. LG packs are liquid cooled. 
“...coffee?”

Took me YEARS before I discovered coffee wasn’t “coffee”.
HUH? WHAT?!??
I’m sorry, but what’s with the clickbait title? 
[Rad Power bikes](http://radpowerbikes.com/) are pretty good for the price. I had a chance to try the Radrover Fat Bike in Utrecht last week and I came away pretty impressed. I'd add a Suntour seatpost and I'd be quite happy.
Yep! 
https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht207242
>  iOS still needs Xcode, Adobe CC suite, FCP, and desktop-quality Office apps (why can't I add a bibliography on Word for iOS?!) for that to happen.

For FCP, have you tried LumaFusion? I'm not sure of your needs, but I've been working with it for a few weeks now and I'm truly surprised what can be accomplished on a Air 2; your iPad Pro should fly!

On Word - you need to take that up with Microsoft. My guess is that they want you on both platforms, not iOS. They make their money on Mac. 
This modern world amazes me. 
Okay, now go up stairs. 
...touché
Don't wait for anyone to fix it for you. Protest now. Protest large. Scare your congressmen into doing what is legal and right. Don't back down, ever!
Ahem. That's not a great achievement.  ;)
Try and find "[Amerika](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092316/reference)" - this entire affair feels like it was scripted from that miniseries. 

> **Peter Bradford:** If you'd landed troops on the beaches, maybe it would have been different.
>
> **Colonel Andrei Denisov:** What we did not expect was that, without communications, the United States would revert to a collection of separate peoples.
>
> **Peter Bradford:** You just got the drop on us.
>
> **Colonel Andrei Denisov:** [shaking off the suggestion] I don't believe it. It worked because you lost your country before we ever got here.
It does put into perspective a bit of what’s happening here, in far more scientific detail. A worthy watch. 
Really like that! Can’t wait to see it in the light. 
Just in time for the death of 3D
>	That movie is a milestone but it's boring and hard to sit through. Some background reading in 2018 might be the way to go for a newer generation.

Too many movies sit you down and explain it all to you. 2001 demands you interpret much of what’s happening; and that means paying close attention to everything in the frame. 
This better be an April Fools joke..
So far, it's been a lot better than capitalism, me buckko. 
Like most "-gate"s, there's a lot if initial speculation and little discreet evidence (yes, there's a chart, but even the person who created the chart opined that the sample size was too small). 

There's also talk of Nissan's own BMS being too conservative, of it having an issue with particular charger stations, 1-4% of the battery not being used actively...all sorts of speculation. 

It's possible that like most "-gate"s, the perception of the issue might be far worse than the actual issue itself. 

If you've got a on order 2018 and it's going to be your only car, maybe hold off on it (I did) but don't count the Leaf out just yet. 
People also don't seem to think about what happens when you try to pump some 2K/4K video on FaceTime. It's probably going to require all the horsepower in the table to compress it to a stream that can be sent over IP, and so that's a waste of processor and battery. The existing camera is fine for its use case. 
> "Ming-Chi Kuo often shares accurate predictions about Apple's plans, so it's likely we can expect to see some kind of Apple Watch redesign this year. "

And wildly inaccurate ones. Let's all be real on this. 
I'm always using the watch to control volume to my AirPods and deal with the incessant round of messages from headhunters (FE Dev, twixt jobs) but I think you're on to something when it comes to the radios. I'm thinking it'd definitely an app causing it. 

I was having abysmal battery life recently on my 6s and S0. Not sure what caused it, but I removed all apps from the phone aside from a choice few (Cardiogram, 7M Workout, Dictionary) and rebooted both devices. Magically, I'm just getting a full day now (up at 5:30 - sleep at 10pm with a 10% warning). 

The apps removed were Lenny, Outcast, Overcast, Telegram, Crono & Just Press Record - I might add them back in and see which caused the drain. As well, it could also be a paring issue, or - like on iOS - an app just runs out of control until you reboot or remove it and add it back in. 

So nah, I'lll deal with my S0's slowness for a little longer and look at the S4s when they arrive, but all things considered - I can't be angry at the S0. It's served me well these past few years and actually works better than when I first got it.
This isn't always the case. 

I live in a pretty expensive part of the country, t'Gooi - Hilversum, specifically - and except for 1 single-plug at the town hall (which always has a SUV or Tesla plugged into it) and a Esso that's usually ICE'd by a Peugeot, there are no on-street chargers that are easily accessible. The charge map shows plenty - they're private chargers on people's property, or a bunch of chargers in car garages (you pay for the charge and the parking) or locked up behind gated businesses (like the cluster at the studios). 

If you just drive out of town, you can get to a pair at a restaurant (La Place), but again often in use or ICE'd. Or, you can drive to a FastNed, and pay 2-3x the charge rate of doing it at home. The nearest FastNed is 20 minutes from my apartment.

And therein lies the issue - apartment dwellers don't have options for charging EVs. They often don't have individual garages, and if they do, their VvE (homeowners association) are too concerned with other broken things to consider adding something new (I'm having a long fight with mine). I read recently that 30% of the nation rents -- where do they charge??

We need open, accessible infrastructure that won't take advantage of our wallets. 
Isn’t there a genus called “sales” or “marketing” that started that trend?
Go back to Russia, Ivan. You’re drunk. 
Very nice! Paint or wrap?
Do we have this information from a news agency that doesn't have "beast" or "vice" in it's name? Not to be picky, but having this  corroborated by the NY Times or WashPost would be good.
I’m only commenting on what is shown here..
Gosh, that was just a bit of levity...
By definition, his job requires acts in proportion. That was a disproportionate response. She is wrong for having reached out and slapped him, but knocking her out cold is much worse.
Do whatever you want as a major, but I'd suggest as a ~~moonier~~ minor, do the classes: you'll learn underlying theory (instead of just importing the current trend) and always, always do the work. The work is where education ends and understanding begins. 

(Edit: frikken autocorrect)
Switched to the UK (here in the Netherlands; so close to News and yet so far) and while it does work, I've lost Euros for Pounds (damn you, Brexit!) and not all videos work so far, but at least I have News.  
RAMMING SPEED!
Here’s the thing: At a certain age, your knees go. 

(Raises hand, 3 knee surgeries and no accidents later)
I still have mine. Use it daily for message triage, exercise counting, skipping ahead on podcasts as I drive, also notifications when to turn in the car or bike, and to adjust the music to my AirPods. 

I don’t get why some folk say it can’t do much. It kind of does a lot. 
Right?? I swear, I really felt everything let loose (and when the tears came, a bit too loose for the office) and I felt really good for a bit. And as I said, then a bit sad. But it's good to know others feel this way too!
Same here. Pass it on, neighbor. 
I try my best. 

My family is firmly in Trump Country now, and it's a challenge to keep your smile on, be kind to the angry and not continually take the bait on offer (which only fuels the fire). I think Mr Rogers had something to do that. 
It’s okay. Thanks anyway, neighbor!
Can confirm. I am old.
Alas, not available in my (new) country. 
"In Theatres Summer 2018" 

...BUT I NEED MR. RODGERS NOW! 

Honestly, for the first time in over a year, I felt my heart open up and my body relaxed, even while I also teared, knowing he's gone. I'd like to think what he taught us isn't gone; that we carry it inside us and can give it to another generation. 
No worries - actually, you were quite helpful. I watched a few of the videos from Vegas Romaniac on your suggestion and he also had problems with some components, like rear disc brakes and subsequently, tires (the 3000 mile report). His solution was to replace the rear disc, but honestly - 3000 miles. Quite impressive!
Everyone can have a different experience, but I had a 20-yr-old Intergas replaced with new Intergas in my apartment by Feenstra. They did a good job installing it, nice and clean with a lot of recovered space, and I've had no issues now for nearly 3 winters. I'd certainly consider them. 
I don't know - I'm only going by what my niece's partner said; they off road a lot and they were complaining that the way the brakes worked had them replacing tires. 

It's true - I asked about inexpensive ebikes and Ancheer does fit the request, but I've also said I wanted to avoid the AliBaba specials, and that means most cheap and disposable chinese bikes. 

I'll check out more reviews of Ancheer's hardware - there's a [off-roadable 20" folding bike](https://www.amazon.de/Elektrofahrrad-Faltbares-Hochgeschwindigkeits-Bürstenlose-Lithium-Akku-Speichenrad/dp/B075LM44TX/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1521450861&sr=8-6&keywords=ancheer+e+bike&dpID=51%252BIlFBlLNL&preST=_SY300_QL70_&dpSrc=srch) that might be interesting, but I need to read more about it. 
I'd seen one of these in the US visiting family; they didn't like it, saying the brakes were grabby (eats tires) and some of the plastics broke easily. I think I'm spoilt by the indestructibility of the Specialized I have now and so I'll either wait for something better to evolve or spend a bit more. 
Hmm..I missed that, and the tattoo - makes perfect sense now. Thanks!
Okay - help a brother out here, because the missus and I are confused at the last scene. We know he's not really the husband - he knows it - but my wife suggests she's not herself either from the framing of her face in the final frame. Did I miss something??
Perhaps try [Espresso](http://espressoapp.com) from MacRabbit. It's an oldie but goodie. 
She’s here, but she doesn’t get the anger and walks away. Probably better than everyone here, me included. 

Edit: Oh wait - I get that now. Doh!
They do this every year (as per my Indo wife). 
Everyone cool your jets. 
That video was **very** useful. I think the sort of bike he's using and his weight vs my bike and weight are roughly equivalent, so for most applications it's good to know that a 250W/100kg ebike will work for me. I'm hoping that after a few months of doing this, there'll be less stress on the engine as well  ;) 

Another person in this thread spoke of an ebike conversion for my existing bike, which makes it all easier as I'm emotionally attached to the old bike and it needs a new chain/cassette/tires/everything. I'll look for a mid-engine replacement, if possible (conversions seem to be front or back). While Bosch is very popular here in Europe, I rode Yamaha motorcycles when I lived in Colorado, so that at least gives me two trustworthy references to look into. 

> Good luck with the weight loss!

Thanks! I blame a happy marriage for that...it's like the old Barenaked Ladies song: "I'm like a baby, she's like a cat; when we're both happy, we both get fat.."  :D
This is very interesting - I hadn't considered this. I have an old Specialised Rockhopper that I bought back in Colorado in '92-93; it's getting ready for a rebuild as the cassette is sloppy, the chain is loose and the half-on/off road tires are nearly bald. There's no suspension, no lighter alloy hardware (the old CrMo frame) and yet it's my baby...not sure if it's even upgradable, but it would allow me to keep Hoppy a few more years... 

Edit: So I went and checked out a couple places. Price is very good (we could update both bikes for the price of an Elops 900e) and I need to replace parts anyway - is there a big difference between front and rear drive when it comes to a bike? 
> Decathlon elops 900e

Interesting - we have one here in Amsterdam; I'll check them out...thanks!

These are the times we live in. 
> If you are several hundred pounds over weight, you will lose weight very fast in the beginning. Say you are 200lbs over weight, you may lose 80-100lbs in a year. But if you are t 50lbs over weight, it may take you a year or more to lose all of that.

Fortunately I'm in between that - perhaps 80-100lb overweight now. I've never been a skinny person, and in my darkest years when I'd go to the gym 5-6 days a week, do 2 hours of cardio and another 45 minutes of spinning, all with the hope that God would just strike me down and put me out of my misery (didn't handle that breakup well..), I gained muscle mass and lost weight, but I was always a barrel-chested guy who looked strong but bulky (always 200-205, never 185 which should be my target weight for my size). This was also my mid-40s, so everything was harder. 

Now I'm more mature and comfortable in my ever-growing skin, and I want that to stop now. I've switched job to one about 7-8km from the house, and I plan on biking every day to get there. Add that to there being a gym at work and I plan on getting back to shape...but being married to a carboholic, we're going to have to work something out.  
> I really don't know whether Haibike is better or worse than the competition. I do know it's a lot better than no e-bike at all. (-:

Good point! I'm switching jobs to one close to where I live, about 7-8km, with one very tall hill in between (highest point in the north of Netherlands..) but if I could bike it most days instead of driving, I'd think this excess weight would come off. I want the e-part of the ebike to help when I'd be pushing it up a hill, or talking myself out of biking altogether. 
You're kidding, right? You don't think disabling federally-mandated safety hardware isn't going to get you in some kind of trouble? Especially in the event of ANY kind of sub-30MPH accident??

Good luck with that. 
When I do buy a Leaf, it'll probably cost twice what I spent for the last car (Mk6 Fiesta) and I'll go this far because I specifically want peace and less stress from driving to and from work, so basically ProPilot.  That means the top of the line car here, and I'm waiting for the 60kWh, so I've got a little bit more cursing to do on the roads. Good to hear tho that PP works with lane jumpers!
I as well. I've long ago moved off of Gmail and I've been using DDG because of what Google's doing with AMP. It's like saying, don't blame the assault rifle, blame the user. Sorry - I'm blaming both; there's no need for AMP.
Okay - good intel. Thank you!

Jinkies, Haibike's appear to be expensive... which do you have? Do you recommend them? I had been looking into Riese and Müeller, primarily as I know Germans overbuild everything (yes, I apologise for a stereotype, but I also appreciate that it's mostly true..)


Really? How does this work?
That's great - for me, it's been harder. 

I've spent years in the gym, burning down the weight between bad breakups. (The hard part is being happy - like the Barenaked Ladies said, "I'm like a baby, she's like a cat; when we're both happy, we both get fat".) It used to be that moderate exercise could hold me at a decent weight; never normal, but heavyset - not obese. Now I'm older doing exercise is like throwing a brick in the Grand Canyon; it's slow to see any results. 
You've a right to your privacy - if you're more comfortable, please do delete it. 

I'm over 45 now so my ability to lose weight seems far harder than before, plus I now have COPD issues which I partially attribute to weight loss, partly to the effects of living in a city dense with diesel autos (I was perfectly healthy back in the Rockies...I might still put that on my tombstone.) 

I expect whatever I can lose will have to be maintained by dietary changes; I'm not 20 anymore. Not even by half. 
I recall hearing this on a BBC health show in the past year, referring to obesely overweight people and mechanisms for weight loss. I think it was a Panorama show, but I can't recall exactly - sorry. 
Thank you for your take; I wasn't too sure what could be expected, but 1-2lb/2-3kg would be fabulous. 
> Cut out most carbs (shot for <75g of carbs per day), watched my calories (shot for under 1800/day), and drank more water (got a large RTIC/Yeti style tumbler for work and drink often, 1-2 full tumblers worth). I'm 7 months in and down ~50lbs.

This is a good goal. It's been tough though - my wife's culture eats everything with white rice or fish/shrimp crackers of some sort. It's been an uphill battle to get her to eat fresh veggies or lighter things. We're both immigrants and I went through this food-homesick-phase 15 years ago, so I know what's happening, but when carbs = comfort, it's a harder push. 

Now that I can walk again without a noticeable limp, and for a goodly distance, it's helped a little - it'd work for you too, I bet. I think the more you can walk, and at a brisk pace, the faster you'll lose weight. 

> All in all, the first month was the hardest (I only actually tracked calories and carbs for the first month, then got the feel for it in more general terms). And ditching carbs was more of a self control issue than anything. Once over that hurdle, watching my weight fall was a huge motivator.

I'm going to press for this (even if I'm sleeping on the couch...)
Okay, thanks. I wondered if this made a big difference to the electric motor, especially as it needs to move more than it's rated for. I will be peddling as well, of course - assist for the bigger hills or if the wind is a bit much (it's pretty flat but can be very windy here in the Netherlands). 
Ah, good point. From the ladies evening wear, I was thinking classic Berlin. 
So, presuming the sample size is irrelevant and the conclusions are correct, how would one go about losing..say, 50lbs?(~23kg) (I'm assuming an average weight drop for clinically-obese people; it's just a number). 

I would think this is at least a 2-3year program, with 25lbs a safe drop per year. The dieter would have to drop weight safely over a 2-month period, then maintain it for another 12 months at least. 

If i understand the article correctly, once the dieter has a year at the "new normal" weight, the body is not trying to regain the missing weight. 

So would it then be a good time to begin the second drop? 

Or would you think there'd be a progressive, continual drop over the course of the year? If 50lbs is a target, could that first year actually drop more than 25lbs safely and "permanently"?

Edit: It might be helpful if you can provide an age range with any anecdotal evidence. 20-somethings burn at a far higher rate than 40-ish people. 
Perhaps if you actually said what the bug is....
Wow, you're a bit of a dick, aren't you? 
Germany before the fall of war was an open and modern-looking society. 

What distance setting are you using whilst in traffic? I often see videos of people using it with the maximum 3 bars of distance set. Unfortunately that's an open invitation to be cut-off by nearly all BMW, VW & Audi drivers on the roads where I live (NL). Do you use the shorter distance (1-2 bars) and if you do, do you feel comfortable/confident using it?
That’s fair - the disparity between numbers was ridiculous, but I shouldn’t have quickly grabbed any article. I’ll look for something more current. 

And so I had a moment and sourced 2016 election cycle numbers: 

* [Total Lobbying Expenditures](https://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/clientsum.php?id=D000000591&year=2016) - $985,619
* [Total PAC Contributions to federal candidates](https://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/pacgot.php?cmte=C00314617&cycle=2016) (98% to Democrats, 1% to Republicans) - $671,048
* [Super PACs and 501© Groups](https://www.opensecrets.org/outsidespending/nonprof_elec.php?cycle=2016) - $1,458,028

So yeah, the $300M is total horseshit. I'm behind PP 100% and I wish they could do more. 
Um, I'd trust [Politifact](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/oct/05/carly-fiorina/carly-fiorina-says-planned-parenthood-gives-millio/) more than the Daily Signal. 
Don't disable it. Please, don't be silly. 

You're going to have a US federal law soon requiring it, and besides you really do need to have SOME sound coming out when you're wheeling a 1,557 kg (3,433 lb) block of metal around neighbourhoods with kids, animals, sight-impared people or just people looking down at their phones, not paying attention to the world. 
Good luck - I think you have the benefit of Norway's EV history on your doorstep; hopefully the association in charge isn't as stubborn as mine...
As am I - except my housing authority (in the Netherlands, a VvE) will not entertain the idea of allowing upgrades, or even investigations to upgrade, even if I pay for it. It's incredibly stupid and short-sighted, and I've seen others with EVs just move out. I think I'm following suit. 

Even though it's perfect for us, we're looking to moving to a house in another town 1) just so I don't have to deal with them, B) we'll benefit from the ridiculously-high house prices now before EVs become mainstream, and then the value of the home won't keep up because they're an EV-no-go, and likely iii) if the wiring is as lame as the VvE suggests, I don't want to have to pay for upgrading the entire complex (or before it torches itself). 

Seriously, I don't even have a clear idea *why* we can't since they won't allow inspection by a third party, which makes me even more suspicious. I wonder if apartments with garage areas have really substandard wiring in them. 
There is an expectation of consistency between sides - if it's noisy on one side then take it in. The Leaf is priding itself on a luxury-level of quiet in the cabin. I'd press them on that. 
From my experience here, nope. 

I've been doing both, UX and front-end, for nearly 10 years and front-end (increasingly full-stack) is all the market seems to want now. UX is still a "nice-to-have", sadly. If you have a foot on both sides, it's hard to have anyone take you seriously. 

You should choose one, or employers will do it for you. 

It doesn't mean tho you abandon anything you don't love. Who knows what the market will bring in 2 years? 
I believe we're witnessing it now. Koch monies are helping to divide America, and its so easy to ignore science and facts when you have a holy war on. 
Tesla's have been the outliers when it comes to EVs: their batteries give them an easy 200-250 mile range and charge 2-3 times faster than the mass-market EVs, but it's really the latter that needs to catch the imagination of the public if we're to evolve away from fossil fuels. If you saw Teslas, those folks were fine; odds are they'd not be far from a supercharger station.

But I can recall driving from Denver to San Francisco a few times over the years, one time in a VW Golf II. With (then) close to a hundred miles between gas stations, any car can find themselves in the wrong part of the country, and fast. (No idea how it is now - in Europe for nearly 20 years and in some areas high-speed chargers are like 20km apart from each other). 
Which is a shame - with all that solar all you need is a battery to hold it all. 
Ah fuck. I missed that - my excuses. I'll delete that - responding even with context didn't show me the real OP. 

It's not a circle-jerk community, but we do get sick and tired of the "just get a horse"-level comments that trickle in. If you're not into EVs, fine — but "running a really long cable" is still a comment asking for a fight. EV owners learn the limits of their vehicles, just like ICE owners do.
Good luck with that (and good luck walking in through the Black Forest, or along RT80 in Wyoming, or in a desert or in a snowstorm, etc). 

Of course you're only seeing the limited view of what you want to see. More than likely you're not going to have a gas can with you and you're going to call a tow. Tow me to a charger or tow me to a gas station (here, they're becoming one in the same). 

edit: removed invalid troll comment towards /u/invalid_dictorian. 
Having lived here for nearly 20 years and having traveled across the border many times a year, I find the Germans quite nice people. The economics of scale make it worth travelling over occasionally to fill up the pantry with lower-cost items than in the Netherlands, and they often have a far wider selection to choose from than here. 
Look at the load-bearing feet attached to each base - the inverted version is clearly stronger. They splay inwards, focusing stability into the structure to cement the footing. The straight-up legs are less stable and allow for more lateral shift (think in a minor quake). It works. 

(Edit: Am in IT, love architecture. Can attest to both inside jokes.)
Good backgrounder; I align with Steve, but I can understand Rand. I guess it's a generational thing. 
Now you know what it feels like to own a Tesla. 

Seriously - just take it in and have them fix it. 
And this is why I stopped driving ICE cars. I ran out of gas once. 
I'm in agreement with OP/OD - The costs passed onto the customer should have been made more transparent from the outset. I'm not going to argue a few euros a year, but I had no knowledge of any leasing charges prior to the meters being installed (Liander has just done both in my apartment, gas and electric, and the letter saying a change was being made never discussed any charges at all). 

In the US or UK, who practice torte law, this would be the makings of a class-action suit. 

I don't know what the legal ramifications are of this, if any, but considering we're having a hard time getting the government to agree with climate and air quality targets, I feel as if consumers and the general citzenry aren't as well protected here. 
>	Designers aren't any more responsible than anyone else in the process. 

You could also say “Designers are not any less responsible than anyone else in the process“. It is really up to the Designer to decide whether they want to knowing collude with such an organization.
Nope. 
In December there was a question about whether incentives would continue into the new year. The Leaf wasn't even really available. Plus as a business expense, this brings down potential taxes on earnings over the last quarter, so for many businesses it's almost like free money. 
But also that’s the city, and they’re gong to push a electric only congestion zone plan in a few years. 

Out here in the smaller towns, there’s still precious few public chargers that aren’t in paid car parks or on highways between the bigger towns. 
I don't doubt that - here in the (Amsterdam, Netherlands) they're sold out until September/October. 
Cool! I shall give it a try this week - thank you, kind internet person!

Beauty. Got a recipe for them? 
That’s enough from you, President Trump...
Ah, you’re right. Bangkok has an elevated rail of the same design (Skytrain), but I didn’t watch it on a big enough screen to read the text..
Looks like Bangkok… Points to him for getting across Sukhumvit that easily. I’d never try that..
I'm old enough to remember being Star Wars when it first came out (so, very old..) and others like the Matrix and Jurassic Park. Love me my spectacle and the elation of something new. And yet, for very personal reasons, two movies linger with me…one older, one newer: 

* The Usual Suspects - now, itself a meme for this kind of list, but it's perhaps the only time I ever felt myself get physically dizzy and completely dislocated for just those few seconds during the big reveal...and then, boom - everything I saw over the previous 2 hours rewrote itself in my brain and things became clear in moments, just as Chazz Palminteri's character experienced. 

* Arrival, from last year, but for more overwhelmingly emotional reasons. My father died earlier that year, and - as a Democrat - the election win broke my heart. I'm not going to take political sides, but I saw this 2 days after the election and for some reason, the path Amy Adam's character takes and the way in which it evolves - even though she says it right from the start - caught me by surprise. Every moment of loss and and frustration was heightened, every unveiling and surprise in the movie actually meant something deeply to me - I just became completely connected to the movie and all the empathy involved within. Everything just struck a chord so firmly that I left the theatre feeling better than I had for days, and knowing that the days will go on, and I'll get through it. It gave me resolution on many levels and a second wind to move on. 
So Mueller knows what Trump knows; now it's when did he know it. 
Then move on. 

You don't want to acknowledge that there are services providers blocking Apple's path, and Apple can't do enough to make you happy. It's always all Apple's fault - even though some are strictly US providers, even though the LTE in the watch is a Qualcomm chip and they're contractually obligated to use it (hence Apple's lawsuit and the recent [$1B EU ruling against Qualcomm](http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_IP-18-421_en.htm) for abuse), even though you yourself can add restaurants and stores to Apple's Maps (and I do it all the time, and once it's established I'm a confident source, it only takes a day or two for new items to be added). 

BTW, with Google Maps I still see a Burger King that closed up and moved out 10 years ago. Just because you have a lot of data doesn't mean you get it right. 

But I don't want to argue this - because of sentences like this: 

> TV series. So how come I can see this stuff with Netflix and Amazon Prime (which are not only their exclusive series)? C'mon, there is more here, but Apple is not doing it. Yet they also don't explain.

You don't get who the gatekeepers really are. 

Apple can't be the 800lb gorilla, or else they will fall foul of regulators ready to raid their bank accounts. It's also unwise to directly compete with the software companies on your platform; you provide a basic program (upgrading it to keep the baseline competitive) and then your App developers can riff from there. Their business is hardware 1st, then apps - not their own programming. 


Apple is a hardware company with good software, but it still relies (for better or worse) on other groups to add value to the platform via software. That's the platform - if you don't like it, go to Google since they're their own software first. 
> The banks block it because they: a) rather have their own standard b) don't want to pay Apple.

Who do you think the banks are in cahoots with? Bank regulators and banks are a left-hand/right-hand shake blocking anyone from their systems. Apple can supply the technology, and it can petition the EU to allow competition, but it can't just inject itself in without meeting compliance. 

But I'm sensing a theme here: 

> How come if I type in Spotlight "Whats the weather in Amsterdam" I get nothing?

Because it's a disk indexing system for locating files. You want Siri for that (which returns the correct answer - 1C. Brrr.) 

I agree with you on the lack of services out of the US, but let's be honest - these work with existing systems in place. You don't order a table with Apple, you order using a service than manages this. That service offers an API that Apple can use. I don't know of an API in the Netherlands to do this that Apple can use. (..Anyone?)

Apple News - the news doesn't come free, and so the news providers have to agree with this. My guess Apple's only subscribing to relevant services in that country. Same with TV Series on AppleTV - that runs through Crackle or HBO or Showtime, etc. HBO's only gotten out here, the others are licensed through other channels and networks. How is it Apple's fault when some series is sold to RTL or BBC for direct broadcast and instead of being made available through a US-based streaming service?

There are lots of fingers in the pie well before Apple gets a word in - why do you think they've dedicated billions to making content? The deals could never get done because everyone wants to own the service; everyone want to be the iTunes of video, or ticket sales, or restaurant reservations. 

So let's go through that conflated list again: 

>  Check and buy tickets for the cinema (iOS)? Reserve a table (iOS)? 

Where's the APIs and the services for Apple to latch onto? I can't do this via Google Assistant here either. 

> SIRI on Apple TV, nope.

Kind of exists, but as a lookup table for TV services it can get, and as a way recite into a search field. What did you want it to do exactly?

> TV series on Apple TV, don't think so.

iTunes lets you buy it, but all the streaming series on TV? Screw that - studios have you locked into their distribution platforms. 

> News App on iOS? Nope.

I'd like News too, but whose? US? Canadian. eh? Any english-language? Which language? Local news?? Apple News is good because it's is content-managed, not dumped into a barrel. You can have Facebook for that. They'd need staff managing news resources in for every country. Then how do you want to pay for all that staff? 
Getting people to pay for news is like pulling teeth. 

> Cut the (TV) cable (on Apple TV). Hell no.

We covered this. Studios and distribution clusterfuckers. 

> Apple watch with LTE? Nope.  

A legit Apple issue - we have an incompatible LTE bandwidth here in NL. Hopefully the next version will allow for all LTE bandwidths, because I want to upgrade my Series 0. 

> But -for crying out loud-, at least let us have the english version!

What do you mean by this?? We have Siri in US english for years. Do you mean US resources via Siri?  If so, see the clusterfuckers above. 

> We pay same (if not more) then the US for our h/w, yet the service implementation is not even ½

We also pay higher taxes here so we can have excellent roads and children not rioting in the streets from a lack of opportunity. In the US, I'd pay 7%; here VAT is 21%, but at least I see where the money goes, unlike my 35+ years living in the US. 

So yeah, I'd like a better experience with my iPhone, but unfortunately the early days when Apple could be the underdog and surprise the market (by the throat) - those days are long gone. Getting deals done is the problem, not some lassiez-faire attitude on the part of Apple. They make money out of everything they can - if they could get it, without betraying the customer, they would. 
> And basically a big I don’t give a fuck about my other customers. It’s Apples America first policy.

Um, to operate as a bank, you need to get approval from the countries regulators. You obviously need to sharpen your axe. 
> And the simple reason is not that these countries don’t have the infrastructure (paying wireless here for 4 years!).

Which is not entirely true, as here in the Netherlands we have the infrastructure, but the banks are blocking it. 

They say Apple wants too much personal information, which is false as Apple basically wants little-to-no information. My guess is that if they allow Apple, they have to allow Android services, where the  requested-information liability probably makes more sense. 
New Jersey guy living in the Netherlands and I donated. 
So how were the results over a year? You met your move goals - did you get good results?
> This leads me (slowly, i'm sorry) to wonder about the recent comments I've read about Airiam and how she is apparently an augmented human. 

I know people comment about this (well, anything) but is there anything out there from the production saying so? I tend to think of her as a proto-Data. As Data is the first of his range, couldn't she be the same? Just an earlier model, before they tried to imitate life?
I don't get that from the article - I think he'd like it, but he can't let the success eat at him again. If anything, dude's got perspective...I wish him luck and look forward to seeing anything he's in. 
Incidentally, maybe be careful doing this in Amsterdam. 

Red lights in the window means there's a female prostitute available. 

Blue light means it's a transvestite instead. 

Know your colours!
As much as I'd pop that Nazi baiter myself, u/bixbyfan is right: Constitutional freedoms apply to government. Other laws apply in this case. 
> There is the fact that the hologram on data Desk was simple light as well and did not display a solid object

Much like the holograms currently used in communications that so freaks everyone out. 
Awwwwwwww...

...um, best not to mention family, if you know what I mean.
As mentioned in the article, they "live in the DOM", so you can reset them with a single call. Imagine setting a :root colour, and all elements with colours are a variant of that core value. Now you can reset that :root value with a line of js and everything on the site will shift to variants of that color. No recompiling, everything's live. Quite cool. 

The only issue is support - it works on all modern browsers, leaving IE 11 (and older) and Opera Mini in the cold. 
> * Even more than ICE engines, electric motors are going to turn into ultra high tech little packages that will take expertise to understand.
 
Next step, flux *capacitor*. 

Honestly, after the recent diesel monkey revelations, all VWs are off my shopping list. I'll be getting a 60kWh Leaf. 
Wow - this is really good to see. 
I doubt even a Russian bot is this stupid. 
Because hating is the new black. 

For some people, the only way up is to tear down. 
I loved Thor 1 - as the older of two always-battling brothers, it struck the right chord. Thor 2 was a missed opportunity; nearly everyone there felt like a contract needed to be fulfilled, and the plot was meandering and boring. Thor 3, tho...nice. 
Woo hoo! Next week's Fail Army is gonna be gooooood....
Same. You aught to hear me on Pelosi..jeezus.  But that only weakens arguments I find; if you have a valid criticism, then the entire armour is weakened and the politician is a fraud. What boggles my mind is how my family - who call themselves religious - completely disassociate Trump from his actions, and still stand by him as the last chance for their "side". As a Catholic, I find it distressing and sickening - it's like looking the other way when your neighbourhood priest is molesting kids. 
Trying. 
I see that too and know it’s just that they feel they need to “win”. It’s their justification mechanism at work. 
They also blame me, especially for leaving the US (as if I could change the direction of this ship..) and act as if I should have no opinion at all because I'm no longer living there. In some ways, I can't blame them - in their eyes I left "their tribe" and should be ostracised. Yet I haven't - I still have to pay US taxes (I'm in that bracket, lucky me) and still vote. I don't think believe that you can be in more than one tribe at a time, which is a shame...
People do forget that Capitalism is not Democracy. 

Then again, we're a Republic, and not a Democracy. 
I'm an American and I don't even understand it (one of the reasons I left for the Netherlands nearly 2 decades ago). There's a odd sense that debate is for wimps, answering questions directly is unnecessary, and that by standing near a flag, with hand on heart, a politician can say one thing and do another, without question. 

I'm not even really speaking to my family anymore - they've all gone red, reciting Fox News talking points as if they're on the inside track of ultimate knowledge. There's not even room for debate - it's shouting, cursing, even threatening me with violence. I swear it's like someone left pods by their beds - they look like my family, but they're so angry, cynical and self-justified in all their actions. 

It sickens me that I don't have a clue how to reach them any more. 
I'll join the chorus here and say it's really not at all correct. I can tell Siri to make any alarm or make reminders if I want multiple alerts, and I can do that on Homepod too (despite the comments - use reminders; that's what it's for). 
What's the diameter of this thing's base? 
Thank you Russian bot. You can leave now. 
Yep, but that one was more apt for the discussion 
Doesn’t matter. I’ve unsubscribed. 

I’m not going to change my feeds to accommodate a reddit thats intent to spoil whatever it can. 
And yet reading this I can see the disrespect to his valid opinion. 

I'm unsubscribed too. 
This is entirely disingenuous. 

I had the spoiler on my page as well and their easy dismissal is disappointing. 

It's blinded me...with Science!
Dammit Bones, do something...
More than happy to! 

As I’ve said all along, this is only my personal preference… I really don’t think making every conversation into a debate full of absolutes about what is the best for everybody is even possible. I also don’t think the world needs more punditry; all I’m trying to do is offer personal experience and opinion. Again, personal only. Your mileage may vary. 

€8000 was was I was quoted by the local Almere, Netherlands Nissan dealer about a year and a half ago, on replacing a 24kWh battery pack. That’s installed. 
Except that battery depreciation is relevant in both models, which is why I didn't mention it. 

Arguably, the way a person manages their charges can impact the longterm health of a battery. I've seen stories about people having all 12 bars at 90k miles (Canada) and others losing a bar at 40k miles. A used car is *more* likely to need a new battery than a new car (presuming 8 years/100 miles from date of first sale). Plus you can experience less utility with a older battery can hold less of a charge. If what we care about is range, which is better: a car that has 150+ miles of range or one that has 100? Or 90? 80??

Additionally, battery prices are dropping - what you mentioned as a €5500 (plus labor costs) charge was only 3 years ago was an €8000 charge (usually under a warranty). I expect that in 3-5 years - possibly with SS batteries of up to 3x density - it'll be cheaper yet. 

I don't think you can claim a used car with a used battery is a better value in the long run. If I expect to keep a car for any length of time, like 4-8 years, replacing the battery on a new car is going to cost less and possibly offer better utility. 
Well, there's tonight's nightmare.
Under Airplay 2, yes - but no mention of Atmos as of yet. I'm hoping that it's something they have planned, like the recent Dolby Vision surprise. 
I've hoped, hand on heart, that 2 Homepods and Airplay 2 could do a Dolby Atmos setup. Knowing Holman has been involved to some degree and that Dolby Vision is in the current aTV gives me great hope I can have a small, efficient home cinema without wires all over the place...
I'd just read somewhere in the past day an article suggesting prismatic cells were superior - I have to find it, but if you have corroborating evidence for your claim I'd like to read it too. I'll post it here when I can get back to the house and find it. 
Why not both? 

Dock it at the bottom so it doesn't obscure text, and then allow the user to tap it to go to the thread or swipe it away. You don't want two tap events on the same modal, and having a close gadget (x) does that. 
> The majority of the cars I see driven on the road are driven quite normally. Is there people driving like idiots, for sure but where I live that's one in a thousand.

You don't have Audi's where you are?

Of course it's all about choice - I agree. My cost analysis was against the impression of a crazy driver ruining a car before I got to it (like the kids blowing down the A1, using all the lanes, in their GTIs because they couldn't afford the Audi) and to that end you are certainly paying for some peace-of-mind. After many new and used cars, I'll drive the new one because - from the beginning - I'll know how it was treated. When it comes to batteries, at this early, delicate stage of their development, I think that matters like money in the bank.  

I think the issue is "unloading it" - I'm recommending buying a new car only when needed, not every few years. My 2002 Fiesta First Edition is worth all of €2400 now, and it's actually in decent condition, but I certainly got my money out of the car. 

I've bought used cars before back in the US and, damn, if I wasn't making some mechanic's boat payments. My VWs seem to go through CV joints regularly enough to pay off their kids tuition on a bi-semester basis. Much of it comes from what kind of vehicle it is and how it was driven, but you can NEVER know that unless you've been around for it's history. 

Having full knowledge of the car and it's driving history (not repair, but driving) is worth it to me. Going green with a Leaf means even lower maintenance and fuel costs, so having that car for 10-15+ years is - again, for me - the only way to go. 
Buying used means you also buy someone else's problems. I buy new and drive it until it reverts to its original materials. 
Leasing vs Buying is irrelevant if you're going to have the car for an extended period of time. With the 8-year warranty in effect, I feel the money saved over time will make it a non-issue. That said, my current car has lasted 15 years and I'd expect the Leaf to lat as long (I'm a bit old-school; if I'm paying for something, I expect to actually own it - not just pay for the use of it, otherwise I'll just take mass transit. I also expect solid-state batteries to replace all battery packs, even old ones) 
> They might as well highlight the fact that they are a "vegan, gluten free, granola chewing" cab company as well.

I happen to like granola. 
Want. 
Remember when "trust fund beneficiary" was considered a worthless life role?

Pepperage Farm remembers. 
I think the chemistry issues might prove hard for this, but once Solid State batteries hit, then you should have a viable solution for any platform. 
Ah, this is [Martje Oesterholt](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/10764736/Dutch-reporter-falls-into-sea-during-interview-with-mayor.html), one of my Dutch brigade. 
It's new and there's almost no competition in its price class. Give it 6-9 months and with the 2019 and any other competitive models out (Hello? VW group? Kia? Renault?) and they'll finally be more flexible. 
Ah. Okay. Thanks. 
It's to catch the lazy programmers. 
But "one does not follow the other, because of the first". That's what the sentence says. You're drawing a conclusion based on 2 elements that exist, and alluding the "intentional" part of a bricked update to accuse Apple of doing all of this intentionally. Your argument shows poor logic. 
Perhaps you can measure it from [this video](https://youtu.be/OSOdB0Th-yI)
Certainly I am. 
It seems a bit faster and more accurate than an earlier video in October ([Electrified Journeys](https://youtu.be/DDgymo4y1Gc)) but it's still slower than I would do it...taught myself in NYC. That said, I'd spend €500 so my wife can use it instead of trying to parallel park. That manual mode means she's safe anywhere.  
Before I set my eye on a Leaf, I had considered a Zoe and took it for a weekend test drive. Within 20 minutes my driving leg was getting numb at the knee, and the lateral support in the seat going around a tight Dutch circle intersection had me shifting sideways in the seat much more than in my old Fiesta. IMHO, the seats in the Zoe aren't really very supportive at all. 
I thought standard D and a lower-B mode for efficiency - not the mode for testing peak throttle response. 
And I was dreaming about Klingons last night. I need this season to stop for a little while...  :D

Mutt!
But he’s also driving in B mode - which I thought weird. Wouldn’t that add that extra lag he mentioned? 

Anyway, I’m really looking forward to seeing how quiet it is on our roads. I’ve heard it’s very quiet, but Bjorn seems quite amazed by it. 
We’re coming up on the cliffhanger last episode. Looking back at the conversation between Burnham and the Emperor, it was Burnham’s sentiment that put the Emperor in the captains chair. She’s said herself she’s made poor, emotional choices. Also Saru and Burnham give each other a look when the Emperor takes the chair...I wonder - could they be setting up Burnham to stop the Emperor from annihilating Kronos, proving she’s moved beyond regret as motivation? Stopping the Emperor and Admiral from committing genocide might be where we end this series. 
Bjorn is seriously in love with the ePedal. It’s nice to see Nissan Leaf get a bit of respect for innovation and competence. 
Post hoc, ergo propter hoc. You’re conflating two separate events, looking for a common element to blame. I don’t believe it’s that simple. 
Looks like you swapped it out with a refurb phone. 
??? I thought this thread was called "Facts". 

I've never, ever heard of this - not once. 

Where, what kind of phone, what was done?
Easier to criticise than critique. Have an upvote. 
Rushing to judgement is probably all the exercise these people get.
Current version should be 11.2.5 - and maybe a space after punctuation? It's mostly what makes it all look like a breathless, run-on sentence. 

Not to be rude, but do try updating to 11.2.5 - I've not had the problems others have had, but many have said it's solved issues for them. 
Oddly, I have yen for an EV right now...
> Battery replacement at officials in my state costs 50$,and why would i pay anyways phone was working perfect before update,it was their intention to slow it down so all of us have to buy newer phone or battery at least.poor strategy

Yeah, I totally imagined you saying all that in one breath. 

After which update? Current revision?? Did you back up first? Did you do a reinstall? Did you do anything besides copy/paste that everywhere? 
Hey no worries! Let's all keep the web light..  ;) 
You too? Aren't we both lucky!!1!

(seriously - anyone reading along. No. Not happening; total scam.)
But that would be the app - like Alien Blue, which sucked battery like a Super Big Gulp in the Outback - and not so much the OS. I thought this was about iOS..
That's fantastic (you listening, Netherlands?)
I should have mentioned moving from Alien Blue to Apollo gave me the extra milage. AB eats batteries for brunch. 

Double-check with an Apple Expert on what's best on how to charge - I'm seriously still getting decent 6s life and I was one of the wankers standing online at 4am here in Amsterdam to get a phone. It's done well by me - might be a charging pattern you use. 
My guess it's the former, because if it was the latter - bad software - EVERYONE would have this problem. 
Not when incessant whining can get them a near-free battery. These are "ends justifies the means"-people. 
I'm not sure I'd trust many of these complainers with sharp things anyway. 
> Seriously, I miss the days when a new OS was not an annual show for the stock holders

Sorry - your argument is spurious. Does the stock rise and fall on the release of any iOS version? I'm pretty sure software is a loss-leader and the stock flows on the hardware.  
I think they're here to complain loud and hard enough to get free shit and still take no responsibility for their own actions. I'm pretty sure most of these people complaining loudly haven't much experience with rechargeable batteries, otherwise they wouldn't be ignoring the fucking rules of physics to make their arguments. 
You act like how a user has no bearing on how long a rechargeable battery lasts. These things don't exist in a vacuum - the disparity between user stories probably has more to how a someone used their device than any deviousness from Apple. 


I'm on a 6s and I still easily have 30% left after a long 06:30-23:00 day out of the dock. I'm sure these users have issues, but there's also personal usage & environmental factors to consider. I do offset a lot of my notifications with the Apple Watch (Series 0, always at 10% or so at day's end) and the occasional game of solitaire on the porcelain throne, but my 6s still is excellent. 
Because there's no such thing as "the 7" - it's your 7, and how you charged it, how low you let it run, how hot it got, etc. 

Generalizing doesn't strengthen the argument. As anyone with any experience with rechargeable batteries will know, what you do once you have the device will considerably determine the life of the battery. 
> jailbroken

Then all bets are off now. You're in charge of your phone now, not Apple...hack away. 
So many shitposts here. People arguing against backing up before major updates, ignoring their own use patterns and how that can be detrimental to batteries, ignoring physics - it's all Apple's fault. Ugh. 
Force reboot the phone - not shutdown, but Home&Power reboot. Fixed it for me. 
> Unfortunately, installing updates that brick phones or slow them down has become an actual problem. 

The key to the paragraph. Not sure I agree. 
What app is that? It’s giving you ads in a map??
Seriously, learn to argue from knowledge. [Here's the full definition of Sarcasm](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/sarcasm):

> Definition of sarcasm
> 1 : a sharp and often satirical or ironic utterance designed to cut or give pain
> 2 a : a mode of satirical wit depending for its effect on bitter, caustic, and often ironic language that is usually directed against an individual
> b : the use or language of sarcasm

Secondly, I never downvoted you - although I'm sure the other who don't know what sarcasm mean probably downvoted me. I presume there's an educated silent minority out there still. 
You think sarcasm isn’t being shitty. Wow. 
Some people even think it’s a form of humor. As opposed to just being shitty toward people. 
But that’s pretty much all cars. 
Yeah, as opposed to the 90s and smug Win users? Goes around, comes around. 

And here comes the downvotes...
I prefer a utility-class system. I’ve worked with too many dev groups who start BEM-ing a site from scratch, and the lack of clarity is still an issue. Plus, whenever you’re adding grandchildren classes, I think your convention has failed. Applying BEM, in and of itself, isn’t a solution. I prefer starting with utility classes, then grouping them into components and building my css-logic from there. At that point, you’ll have maybe 1 child class to contend with, but for me that works. 
Honestly, when I saw the vulcan in Enterprise, I was halfway out the door. Between Dax, Seven of Nine and t'Pol, I think they wore out the welcome of those catsuits. 
Oh god yes
You mean like how pro-Trump officials try "to get around" facts to keep power? 
"It's not a stretch to say that BEM is the most sought-after naming convention for CSS". 

I'd call it a stretch. BEM is something imposed and rarely embraced. 
Let's say we agreed to disagree.  ;) 

I see a clear primary theme in Discovery in the growth of Burnham as a human - because, if you're out there extending the reach of humanity into the universe, you should at least be a good example of humanity, and she wasn't initially. She can't have personal interactions until she learns to be more human than vulcan, and that has to come with experience. We're seeing that experience in each show, and slowly her humanity is breaking open.  

A good secondary day theme is a subordination of command and values within the show - the lower-totem-pole characters tend to save the day, like Burnham and Tilly, and not the commanders. In fact, commanders and prophets are taken down from the outset, and the there is some some considerate energy expended on how much to question authority and the value of following blindly. I hope they follow this thread in the next series. 
I thought the first was good; I liked the expansion of roles with Uhura, Spock and Sulu in particular. The second really felt like a betrayal of my trust, doing a Wrath of Khan in reverse -- that was just an exercise in trying to be clever with Trek lore. The third felt as it was back on track with being a good Trek movie, but even that is a misnomer if everyone is only concerned with canon. 

I say fuck canon - I mean being literal with canon - and instead embrace the spirit of Trek in all it's forms: Humans, reaching out into the unknown, trying to be the best of their species. 
...wut?

Um, but "cannon" is NOT the most important thing - the 2009 movie proves that by erasing it all. Characters are, especially once you know them and then they get put into challenging situations. 

That's the heart of Trek - to let past be prologue, it's the Human adventure. 
Yep - agreed, which is why I really think any rush to judgement is folly. Let the series play out a while. My gut instinct says it's gonna be alright...
Agreed - I think that's your problem, because this entire series is about making Michael more human, and more integrated with the humans on the ship - perhaps at the expense of other characters, but I have no doubt that their time will come. That whole opening walk in the sand with her and Georgiou - she needs to grow. 

There's a lot of questions about many of the bridge staff but there's enough world-building going on that any personal-arc story beyond Burnham, Lorca and Ash is not going to have much air - those have been big enough to occupy a single season - and then you need to still make room for plot. 

By comparison, DS9 was a very contained show, with everything coming to them to make trouble. I think of it as the Star Trek version of "Hotel" or "The Love Boat"; while the events were bigger and more serious, everything came to them. 

Discovery has 2 universes to fill - I think it's doing pretty well. 
I watched it for 3 seasons, got pulled over to Bab5 and MST3K (I could only obsess so many hours during a work week) and when I came back I had no idea what the hell was happening. Later versions really ran with the fan-formulations, and I really gave in on Voyager after the first series. I got through 2 series of Enterprise and have only caught up with it on Netflix while Doctor Who is off the air, and honestly - what the hell kind of series finale was "These are the Voyages..."?? 

I was a TOS and TNG fan, but got tired of being taken for granted. Discovery really pulled me back in and I'm enjoying it. 
Yeah but as I said, every Trek has had to dig itself out of the creative well that ended the last series. Those series failed because fans (or better, viewers - if regularly serviced, fans will accept anything, so let's say "viewers") got tired of what is referred to in Hollywood as "the same old schtick". 

So, assuming that the old series ended for some reason like ratings, wouldn't it mean that the producers have to produce something NEW, something to get NEW viewers to watch, because after watching absolute crap like Spock's Brain, Sub Rosa, Profit and Lace, Threshold, and of course, These are the Voyages..., fans still want MORE. You HAVE those people, and they'll accept anything, but everyone else gave up and is onto something new. Living off of fans just isn't sustainable (and we've known this since the TOS). 

Of course fan service should happen, but it can only be allowed go so far - a new series has to kick the old doors down and go in ways that make people forget why they gave up on the OLD Trek. That excitement has to translate to surprise that your friend, who "usually doesn't like that kind of thing", is now pushing you to watch the new series. Whether it's a TV show about life with zombies, eternal castle politics with dragons or a high school teacher's meth lab, it has to blow away conventions and gain the audiences who have "seen it all before". 

You don't want the audience to guide you - you can't have that, or else it's more of the same. But you do want the audience to come along. 
It's only lazy if it doesn't come at any cost. Edith Keeler would agree. 
Same here, although I was 6 at the time of ST. I enjoyed TNG (except some of the more-silly holodeck episodes, of which I mean 80% of them). I lost it on DS9 and the soap-operatic antics. Frankly, I think I'm handling Discovery pretty good right now..  :D
Good point. They could pick off Klingons quite easily, but letting the series continue on as a burnt-out Federation is too dark and totally non-canon. 

That said, I have a feeling there's going to be something of a reset coming, perhaps back to 6 months ago, maybe even to the mutiny. 
"injured slut drop"?  Fuck the Daily Mail. 
True - Very likely that's our bridge into Season 2.  Keeping Georgiou alive makes her a perfect device for other MU elements to play off of. 

What if MU thinks it could go it alone and take on BOTH the Federation and the Klingon Empire by occupying both Discoverys and get a working a spore-drive system...all they'd need is willing subjects to jump into the SD seat and expend themselves, for the Terran cause, of course.

I can also see Voq re-affirm himself and be appalled by the intermingling of empires. That could leave him as the perfect sleeper bomb waiting to go off. 
Sorry, you're comparing a show with years of establishment and comparing it to a year-1 show that needs to create its own world. 

They are not similar - you need to look at DS9 year 1, or TNG year 1, or even ENT 1 and compare that...that's fair. Each one had world-building to do. I remember people back in the BBS-days going batshit-nuts because TNG had "friendly" Klingons and a female security chief. 

Hell - every new ST series has had to reset rules if only to move out of the rut the previous series dug itself into. 

Let Discovery BE Discovery. See where it goes, and I'm sure it'll get deeper and as characters become more fleshed-out, the plots will too. This season is all about Michael's journey - more will come. 
Wasn't there a chance the MU Discovery was sent into the Prime Universe? If so, perhaps that's how Klingons succeeded, by having the MU Disco working with them. If so, then Georgiou could be key to knowing how to stop them. 
And I take it you're here just to troll the Leaf reddit? 
Perhaps you'd be happier if they explained everything in detail for you first. I know I wouldn't be. 

I enjoy Discovery and will do a rewatch in 2 more weeks. For a ST show in it's first year, it's damn good. 
Most excellent. Looking forward to it. 

I'm considering the '19 model with 60kWh; as my only car, I'll need the range, but everything else looks really good. 
Okay - my bad. I remember seeing it a few months back. 
Its the same video from the October tour ~~someone's repurposed it on this d.tube thing~~. Nothing new to see... move on. 
As a software developer, reading your post, all I can suggest is maybe less coffee? 

They're right to iron out issues, because while you want it now - that's you, and a small leading-edge that want to be satisfied with "new" - the great majority want "stable" or  "smooth" or "as expected" or "better than last time", or any combination. They don't want to be wowed, but surprised with a chance of smile...that's the target market, because they'll be satisfied for a while.  Folks who chase "new" never are satisfied. You can't ever win there. 
In the second version, it really had my handwriting down. I could write with it as fast as on the Palm, but the layout and formatting was so much better. Pity sync killed the Newt. 
State of the Union is tonight. 

I'd keep an eye out for that missing design. 
So last episode. 
I had both - I ended up moving from the 2100 to the Palm Vx primarily because of they got syncing right. NewtonSync was terrible. 
Still have my 2100 and it still works (lasts all of 3 hours on a charge tho) - I love the Newton notes system: you could handwrite words and then tap them later to convert them to editable text, draw a circle or box and the system automatically makes them perfect. Tap a name and then Assist, and then create a contact or mail or appointment for that person. I love that Newton. 
Agreed - we need mandatory voting and a large enough window to do it in. I needs to be at least weekend vote, along with the early current online and mail ballots. 

To do this though, we need to change things from the bottom up. Local government and state first, then the federal level will come along. 
I've read of range losses at temps below 0C, but that was to what I mentioned, not 40%. Okay - learned a new thing. 
Yeah, it's really night and day. Everyone talks about how great the Autobahn is, but Dutch roads are the best in Europe. 
Thank you, kind stranger. You've given me my word of the day! 
And we got a Russian bot here now. 
And there you go - all you need to know about this thread. 
You'll see a little salt, but not much in comparison (I used to live in NY, NJ, TX & CO). The roads are somewhat different in construction here - on highways (A-roads) they use a porous road surface that allows standing water to seep below and out of the pavement (it's pronounced "zo-ap", but I'll be damned if I know how it's spelled). Anyway, this surface is laid down very quickly and results in a much better surface to drive on, in virtually any weather. When I drive back over the border from Germany or Belgium, I usually sigh with relief.
Ignore this. Renaults, like all European cars, use a rustproofing bath and electrostatic base pain methods like any modern car. 
25-40% seems a bit much. I think 20-25%, in temps below 5C, is more likely. 
Nice try, comrade - but he still promoted a pedophile, and you're fine with that because it's all just tribal football to you. Communist scum. 
Nice try, comrade - off to the bot factory with your comment. It needs a little tightening. 
I'm just going to reply to all pro-Trump posts like this joker's as "comrade", and congratulate them on getting politiburo speaking point on ww-internet...hoo-boy!

(said in the best Boris Badanov voice possible)
/// the more you know

Instead of lifting a NBC ad from the 80s, how about picking up a newspaper? You clearly know only what is told to you, comrade. 
Your argument is specious and directly from Fox data points. I, on the other hand, lived in NYC for nearly 30 years and know the Trump playbook very well. You prefer the hard-liners because they tell you what you want to hear, but they do whatever they want instead and you just clap-clap-clap like a pet seal. If you're arguing Trump is some agent of what makes America great, explain exactly - what is that? The lies and flip-flops? (How's that coal resuscitation going? How about Carrier??) The endlessly petty Tweeting? The endless paranoia and childish "me-bigger" arguments? The many, many bailouts he's had? The failed businesses? The ties to Russian mob? The cheating while he's married (does Marla Maples mean anything to you?) and now prostitutes and porn stars? Or do you prefer to just go grab them by the pussy too? 

Yeah, these are the core values you want America to return too. Fuck that. 

On the other hand, perhaps you're in the 1% and you don't care about your health or retirement? Or perhaps you're just another of this 200k+ Russian bot friends? Maybe less Redneck, more Red, eh comrade?? Either way, I'm going to enjoy watching him come apart at the seams. His deception is already costing the Republicans and will continue to do so, and with any luck Mueller will have him and his family down for criminal conspiracy, treason and high crimes. 

We're gonna make it a loooong 4 years, if he makes it that far. 
Send you money? Nah, you'd only use it on cheap hookers and lousy beer. And by "hookers" I probably mean "family". 

My opinion of myself isn't very high, but it's miles above the "sit down and shut up"-types like you. 

"After (you) die, (you) to will vote for democrats"?  Can I count on your vote? Soon??
Ah - I know the table of which you speak, but I didn't read it carefully enough.  :)  On a Transport Evolved episode, Nicki mentioned that there were more cells in the new model than the 40kWh listed; I'm going to assume as it's an internal graphic (in theory...) that next-year's model will be marked as 60kWh with 64 in the box. 

Thanks...I'm optimistic! 
You drive a 6 year old car and you’re chiding Nissan because you can’t upgrade the battery?? 

You realize don’t you that there are a lot of other electronics to go into the making of a car, and many of those will negatively affect any new battery being put in the system.

Also, I don’t see any upgrades for the Volt. I don’t see any upgrades from 1.0 to 1.5 of the Bolt either. What are you comparing things to?

Finally, you don’t expect a car company to sell you a new car after six years? You claim they have no loyalty?? Where the fuck is yours? You don’t want a car, you want fucking magic. 

And you are in my ignore list. G’d troll. 
HAHAHAH!  That word you use - I do not think it means what you think it means. 

I am PROUD to be liberal, progressive and inclusive. Oh, and American - and I vote in every election, especially from the local level up. I help run drives here to get other expats to vote from abroad. 

I, buddy, am your worst nightmare. 
She has one. Trolling Trump. 
The "1.5"?  Buddy, the Bolt doesn't exist outside of compliance zones in the US. Here in Europe, its a unicorn. What is this fabled 1.5 model anyway? Is it one with seats that are comfortable? Or a GPS? 

This is why I hate to comment...we're down a tolling rabbit hole with another EV dude over TRIBES. FFS, that we're all about EVs should be enough - but for you to feel good about your choices (if you even have an EV) you have to shit on other choices. How juvenile is this?

We're done. Take your unicorn and go troll the Bolt subs. 
Suck it. She's a private citizen now and do what she wants. 
My god - what part of "soon to be" don't you get?
Of course I will - especially if other continue to bring up the 60kW in the Bolt but ignore the telematics, size difference and comfort of the Leaf. People act like all things are equal, but they're not. 
64kW is a new number - where'd you find that?
Clearly you can't read. Try again yourself...
Soon to be very little difference between a 60kW version of either. 

What people will compare is functionality, equipment and comfort - there the Leaf has the Bolt by the nubbies. 

The issue is - bring out the lower-end, market-gap-filling version first or later? 

If later, even if they had the tech ready, the higher price tag would have changed the demographic of what the Leaf was to the market: the "affordable" EV (as compared to the others, which are luxury class or merely expensive). 

They had to fill the vacuum first and then move upwards. I would have loved a 50kWh Leaf - that would have been perfect for me - but the market would have easily eclipsed it. It had to be 60 to be competitive, and the 40s will (I think) get dealer discounts when the 60 appears, so then the public feels it'll have the leverage it normally has when buying a car, and it'll feel more like they got a deal getting into the new 40kW Leaf. 
Now now - leave that kind of talk in America, if you please. 
It'd be nice to have an adaptor (like Tesla's do) to use other power plugs; that'd at least make buying a car more future-proof. 
It won't be with me, friend - but I'll be right there with you. 
That's what I had thought initially, but the graphic (with the blue arrows) made it look like it could be used on CCS. Its probably type2 - Thanks, kind stranger, for clearing that up!
Probably the bad guy lying to him. 

I love the first one, but now it's all tropes:

 * everyone's young and pretty
 * good guy needs to live up to the family honour and redeem himself
 * there's a guy on the inside who's helping the baddies
 * third generation of robot fighters and they still do battle in city centres. How about taking it out of town, eh?
 * someone says "Let's do this!"
Yep - I've read that, which is why I brought up the older influencers. It's important to fight for things you believe in and not just go along out of convenience...that's really my point, and why it's likely a life-long fight. 
Okay - so I'm a little fuzzy on the whole CCS thing, but this caught my eye: 

From the photo - EU function table specifically - it looks like CHAdeMO power connector can plug into a CCS inlet?  So cars with CCS could use CHAdeMO power if need be? 

EDIT: Nope - that's just a poor drawing in the table. Nothing to see here.. 
My family is conservative, and I'm in my 50s - dyed-in-the-wool liberal; always was, always will be. My Dad bailed me out of jail in Philadelphia one year when I was marching for civil rights, wondering why I'd get a record because of "those people". "'Those people'", I remember saying, "didn't harass or arrest me - my people did." It was a quiet ride back.  ;)  I'm proud to think that I've got a few notes in an FBI folder somewhere on the half-dozen marches I was in and was dragged out of. People give up too easily - and when you're older and have a family, people then don't even try...but it all adds up, you know? I don't know if things break open and immediately get better - I don't think that's possible - but over time and with enough people, it all does add up. You got to fight the long fight. 
Of course not, as an American (northerner) myself, all I can say is: That's the South for you. I think every country has a Southern part that they just drag along. 
It's a good generation then. 

I worked for a non-profit that did women's programs (birth control, microfinancing, education, etc) and the people they sent parts of Asia and Africa always recounted stories, and there was almost always a common issue confronting them: tribal elders, or as they would say: "grandmothers". So many old and terrible things like genital mutilation and child marriage occur at the behest of the grandmother. These old traditions never die, or if they do it takes forever to burn it out of the culture. 

We're pretty lucky here, all in all. 
I was in my 40s and they in their mid-30s - you'd be surprised how much they wanted the same experience they had for their yet-unborn children. "Yes, let's make sure all kids experience life like it was in 1972..."
Heh! I don't have the Leaf yet but I'm ordering those switches right now...
Whoa! Impressive - my wife is now insisting we do this too... 
Ha! I think you're right (that, or I'm slowly turning into Yoda - "Living here now 20 years, I have..") 
Yeah, and once you mess with the speed you might find the video doesn't play (black screen) but the audio does. 
To comment on the ABN fees: ABN AMRO have really been good to me as a non-Dutch citizen, and far better treated than Rabobank. Their entire online banking experience is in English, I've gotten credit and loans based on my history with decent rates, and I've been treated very fairly. 

Compare that to Rabobank, where - after being a client for 7 years, I'm looking into a mortgage. We're a middle-sized city with good industry so it's no podunk bank - we sit, chat, they take my information (I'm a permanent resident at this point), and after 10 minutes the bank person gets up, says "Sorry, it's not interesting to us" and walks away! Thinking I've missed something, I sit there for like 5 minutes as the other guy hides around the corner (he occasionally pokes his head out to see if I'm still there and hides again). I then went to the counter, asked what was happening, got no answer beyond "You're not Dutch so we don't have anything for you" (paraphrasing - it's been 11 years now). I walked out, and on a recommendation from my Dutch girlfriend went straight to ABN, transferring around +/-€27K over. Best move I ever made. I went back a few days later, closed out the rest of my account and tossed them their card. I spoke to someone who called themselves the bank manager and recounted the problem, adding "I hope it's interesting now..". No idea if Mr. Hiding Boy kept his job, but the system there was *not* supporting all customers as equals. 

Tl;dr - Sorry, long. Rabobank can suck if your branch only tolerates buitenlanders. ABN Amro supports English-speaking customers and is more open, IMHO. 
If you asked this a month earlier, there's [Zwarte Piet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zwarte_Piet). 

I'm living here almost 20 years now (from the US) and I've lost at least 2 girlfriends and possibly as many jobs because I didn't "get" Piet. I'm fortunate as I live in the Randstad; were I living in the South, in Brabant, there could be trouble. 
We tend to watch movies more than listen to them - those were the first words in the film. 

I think you just got caught by the Unreliable Narrator - Sunset Boulevard, Rashamon, Usual Suspects...all good examples in different ways. It's unfortunate but most movies are laid out A-to-B-to-C; it's a good way to undermine that fixed, linear determinism and let all characters have freedom of movement, usually catching the audience off guard. No-one expects the narrator to be the body floating in the pool, or getting shot in the head like in American Beauty, so sometimes those subtle clues go unnoticed until the director springs it on you. 

I had the same argument with some friends when we saw The Last Jedi - so much was in the dialogue but some missed it. Fortunately, we had movie passes, and after a burger we went right back in.  ;) 

Except that the movie opens with Amy Adams character narrating, and reminiscing, about past events. Right at the beginning she's saying what we're seeing may not be linear: 

>  I used to think this was the beginning of your story. Memory is a strange thing. It doesn't work like I thought it did. We are so bound by time, by its order.

Those flashbacks are now mixed in the jumble of time as she sees and remembers it; I expect that for her, beginnings and ends are now irrelevant. Coming to grips with those dreams and visions helped her crack the the alien language, at the expense of knowing the future. 

I just hope I remember how to drive a non-front wheel drive car. I think the last time I had a rear-wheel drive was a 1973 Fiat 124 Spider..

...and then there was the pirouette it did through the middle of a snowy intersection in Boulder Colorado. Brrrr!!
If you mean the ProPilot systems, everything but the base S (us)/Visia  (everywhere else) model. 
You'd be surprised. American fashion can be anywhere. 
This is what I'm guessing too. We expect the double-cross, but not a triple. Lorca came back changed MU'er, and Giorgiou - who as we see with her almost executing Burnham, doesn't tolerate dissenting opinions unless there's something in there for her. My spidey-sense says Lorca wants to get back to possibly end the Empire, and we should expect another turn at least
Well, it's a graphic. And there's info.  But otherwise... 

Why isn't this even available as a pdf? Did you expect everyone to retype your 57-points for inclusion in any report we need to submit?
If you can't do this, maybe consider another line of work. Either you choose or be sued into it. 

I've worked for a Dutch company where they scoff at rules like this, but damn, if we didn't have to spend weeks of time retrofitting most of this into a US site we did for a large corporation, all at our hourly expense. We fixed it, lost the client, and fired the project and development managers who poo-poo'd accessibility rules through the dev team discussions. Fortunately, someone took extensive notes in our scrum meetings. 
They very likely have batteries.
A few places - London or Paris, for instance, but as I wrote before, just seeing this kind cultural interplay gives my heart hope. 
She’s not sensitive to light. 
Very cool. 

I am disappointed tho that I can’t be hopeful without being downvoted. Watching my native land over the past year, it was just nice to see people getting on. 
Seems Chrome-specific. Doesn't work on Safari or Firefox. 
Interesting that they're pushing rear-wheeled drive. 
God, I hope that's America. 
There are quite a few drawbacks to the low-end model -  if you have the S (US) or the Visia (Europe/Asia) model, you'll get the smaller battery, no DC fast-charging *and* the weaker heating system.  
That was a killer corner for someone on their first Asian trip. Just on the edge of Chinatown, but all that fallback western goodness. 
Oh, it's all gone now. It was just to the left (on the other side of the street) off Mike's, the hotdog/ burger joint. Was there once in 2008 and while it was still operating and selling roast beef (sign out in front and all). Last I heard, Mikes is gone now too, and possibly El Diablo, on the other side of Mike's. 

I'd meet up with some decent DN's there (Mikes & Diablos in the evening) explaining to me the nomad lifestyle. I wasn't ready to take them up then, but it was good times. 

(edit: had to check I wasn't mis-remembering it - [nope, it was there](https://www.thaivisa.com/forum/topic/215332-arbys-in-chiang-mai/) at the time).
All that said, I miss the Arby’s. 

Edit: thanks for the downvotes. So much for individual experiences. 
Actually it’s sounds more like something from a person recently converted. Suddenly, a fan. 
I’m hoping the e+ (60kw) is separate from the Nismo or Grand Touring editions. The 40 is juuust too small for me (I was hoping for a 50kw) but I certainly don’t need a faster car. 

Although the GT photo was beeyooteeful. 
Actually it’s different. According to Nissan at the September launch event, it’s a different, more temperature-tolerant chemistry in a denser package but the essentials are otherwise the same. 
To be honest, most of us spent our early teens in the same situation and we turned out alright.  ;)
Why not love both? 

I liked the older model for its uniqueness, but I genuinely love the new nose and the smarter, more angular lines. Can still see the influence of the old design in it's profile - I'd be happy with it. 

Ultimately, the only way I care about how it looks is the view from the gas pumps as I drive on by... 
As well. 

But then why did you bring up who wrote anything?
They have writing credits on Speed Racer and Cloud Atlas too (along with Twyker and David Mitchell, the latter I bet did much of the initial screenplay. I'd expect the Wachowskis to be the ones mixing up the timelines). 
Ah - Apple isn't allowing other GPS apps. I'll research that. 
Not to be dickish - but do you have any proof of this? Genuinely interested. 
If I'm not mistaken, this is a Google decision - there's a framework for CarPlay and Google's not developed anything. 
Or an alarm system; the battery in the alarm might not have been powered or is getting old, so it makes a warning noise. I have this kind of thing with the alarm system in my home (but usually much louder, at 2:30am). 
That's what I'm sayin', man - Fuckin'! Speed! Racer!!  
V for Vendetta? Cloud Atlas?? Fucking Speed Racer?!?
Ha! 
Again, it depends on where they’re being used. Here where there are plenty of charging options and the land is flat, they’re double what the US pays for them, and holding steady. 
My phone never goes below 30%. I use it in the car so it gets a boost on the commute, but I also keep it near air vents with an airfoil so it stays cool on charging. When it’s in the Apple dock, it’s out of direct sunlight. Also, I have an Apple Watch and Airpods, so it’s active but I’m usually never pounding away on the screen. 
That’s probably my update space too. See ya then!
Yet. 
**November 1, 2016.**

Let’s try and be relevant, okay?
He and I. Him and me. 
Yep - I'm that guy. 
Gravity always wins. 
Same here. Stuff ages.  
You're lucky - I'll have around 10% or less. 
My 6s bought on day-one rates higher than theirs: [2536 single-core, 4411 multi-core](https://imgur.com/X3pQiCx). 

I'm not calling bullshit - it can happen - but also realise: 

* how you charge (3rd party chargers, 12amp fast chargers, etc)
* how low down you drain it
* how hot or cold you let the battery get and then try to charge it

...it all affects how the battery ages. This doesn't happen in a vacuum - the owner is part of the ageing problem. 
From what I read it's a one-off. 
I play a few small games and use the phone for reddit, news, and navigation, so I'm fine with how it performs (stood on line and bought it on the first day, and geekbench reports: [2536 single-core, 4411 multi-core](https://imgur.com/X3pQiCx)). 
They're getting slammed on batteries now, I bet - probably why they're trying to slow down replacements. Since it's a one-time only deal, I'm waiting until later in the year so I can extend the life of my near-perfect 6s another few years. Not in a rush to have the latest or the fastest; this suits me fine. 
Thanks Google for updating your video tracking tool. So how about reinstating your API for third-party applications? 
"Doctor, doctor...it hurts when I do that."

Well then, don't do that. 
We can't get them like that now here in the Netherlands! Everyone's discovered the Leaf and the resale price of Leaf's have shot up - €13K, with 80Km+, €14-16K+ for 2013 models, 2015 models for €18-22K. Theres a 2013 Tekna model with 130km for €16,000...crazy money. 

Enjoy the $6k-$8k Leaf while it lasts; it's gonna be a meme soon. 
Their point was to be insulting, not informative. 
Because it makes more sense that if your car stereo can do CarPlay or Android Auto, and you want google maps, you’re only going to get it in Android Auto. This is a cornerstone application for their car effort, and it keeps people in its ecosystem, so why would they make it available for CarPlay?
Um, nope. A little frame-skip here and there (encoder vs snow) but it played straight through (Safari, Sierra, 9 year old iMac)
Not sure what you mean by the squeal. Do you mean squeak of the brakes when he's backing up? The only squeak I heard is that, and it seems like just normal rust on the discs. 
I sure could have used this back in Colorado...
Because Google makes Android Auto. Why would you put your key navigation apps on a competing platform?  Does anyone actually **know** if Google made a CarPlay-ready view for their apps? I'm betting it sits on it's own platform, like a crown jewel. 
No - that's the old meme. You need the new meme. 

Seriously though, this is just name calling. Let's avoid this and go back to the point: IE is using non-ratified classes and properties. This is why Chrome gets the bad rap: It wants to define the world itself, as IE6 did. Safari and Firefox (I can't believe I'm defending Firefox...) still abide where Chrome goes out on it's own. This, added to other efforts to rebuild the web its way with tools like SPDY and AMP, is why devs complain. 

(edited to actually finish the last sentence - damn commute)
It coming from a model 3 owner. I’ve no idea what their baseline comparison is - maybe a model S?
Again, I think that makes great sense, but until there are more in the field than the people in the video, we probably won’t know for sure how good it is in practice (extreme weather case and not enough cars/data points). 
Yep - that’s what both Michael Subasic and Electric Leaf Man have suggested (yt). It’s a good strategy on wicked-cold mornings, and neither don’t seem to have issues with battery range reduction. 
The most common single problem with most EVs is price. You can either build a car and price it, or target a price and then build the car. It is just a practical reality. 
Where does the energy come from? The car has to be running or actively preheating for 30 minutes up to an hour to get enough heat to get the battery heating going. If you're in Calgary or Nordic cold, it seems you need to be plugged in to get energy from the mains to operate the heater. 

Edit: I’m only repeating what the video stated. I don’t know for sure, but this is coming directly from a Tesla Model 3 owners channel. 

ReEdit: thanks for the downvotes. Oddly, if you repeat what the model 3 owners say in the video, you still run foul of the Tesla fanboys here. I do wish we could just have a conversation about the cars without people flying flags and downvoting anything they don’t want to see. Alas, as someone I’m sure will say, this is reddit..
It's in conjunction with the video - that's from the Model 3 owners club. It made more sense to link to the page instead with both than just the video which is only part of the story. 
It’s a good video. 
This guy gets on my nerves
[In their demo](http://xkjyeah.github.io/vue-google-maps/overlay.html) it seems to work faultlessly - what was the problem you were having? 

I've noticed in previous implementations of maps (not this one) the width of the div containing the map was important; making a narrow width (relative to height) can make the street view highly twitchy in usage. Wider implementations, like in the example, worked far better.
I'll put this at the top as well, but here's the result: They won't do it as there's now two new blocking issues: there's only **one** 16amp line for all 40-ish garage boxes so it's not physically possible, and secondly they it's not fair to the owners who only have a parking space, not a garage. 

We're considering pulling-up stakes and moving. It's a great apartment in a great location, but I'm tired of the BS from this owners association. Constantly pushing the goals forward is the final straw.
It also very dependant upon the apartment block - we'd usually work through EVbox here in the Netherlands, and they get in-between the apartment and you so that they bill you for usage and automatically pay it into the apartment energy bills. 

That is, if the apartment can handle this. 

Many here are underwired for EVs, or any significant power usage, plus we have a housing association that is very slow to move. I know they've been petitioned for this for the 8 years I've been here (I can remember a old tesla roadster, and a twizzy at some point). We have nearly 40 garage boxes, yet they tell me it ALL runs on a single 16amp line (which sounds sketchy already) and so they can't upgrade it.

I've been fighting with them for a year, and each time it's a new excuse, this one being the issue that will make me sell-up and move elsewhere. 
It's interesting that Tesla did away with a battery heater in the Model 3, relying upon a connection to the grid instead to preheat the car. This could be a problem for people in cold climates who are in apartments and don't have a ready charger (e.g.: my situation here in the Netherlands - luckily we don't get Norway-cold).

Anyway, whether we see Tesla with no active battery heater, a Leaf with no active cooling or everyone else with both but limited battery range, it seems at this lower price point something has to be chucked. 
My link was to show the color of the neck and label. Riesling wines are sweeter than most wines. Plus, she’s guzzling an entire bottle of a sweet wine —- do you actually need a link to know that’s it’s an unhealthy thing to do??
Yep - Rieslings are more like a dessert wine; that stuff's super sweet. 
As long as she likes it, what do I care? I’m likely on the Guinness anyway. 
She'll be singing lunch..
Riesling - the Pinot is more yellow on the collar and label
That's a [Riesling](https://www.barefootwine.com/our-wine/white-wine/riesling) - so yeah, it's gonna get bad quickly. 
> Nothing I said was misogynistic. 

Wait - what? Let's look at what you wrote again:

> Seriously... Like bitch you're in the wrong field of work. Be a nurse or some shit I dunno.

That you can't interpret any of that as derogatory and misogynistic is beyond me. Do actually you **know** what any of those words mean? I'd like to see you say that to a woman, to her face - but I'm going to guess you only mutter that shit around your bro's, right tough guy?

> Her character in a realistic setting almost killed everyone because she had a crush.

Uh huh...why, I passed a realistic setting just like that the other day driving to the store. Serious disconnect between reality and fantasy you have. Please tell me again how *I'm* grasping at straws...


You SAW the parts breaking off in the beam. 
It had enough power that parts of Finn's craft was degrading and breaking off; that alone could slow him down. 
It would appear one's understanding of the word "sound" isn't common. 

I call them idiots because of their tone - often angry, condescending, insulting of any other opinion. For example, /u/legopieface's contribution to this thread: 

> Seriously... Like bitch you're in the wrong field of work. Be a nurse or some shit I dunno.

Yeah, that happened. Misogyny seems to be the way to get upvotes here, but most seem to ignore that. 

Last I saw, this stuff is still fantasy. Vehemently arguing "X can happen but not Y" when none of this stuff exists in reality is idiotic and childish. 
Always fight the good fight. 
Yeah, he was slowing down. Ignore the idiots tho - the dark side is strong with these clowns. 
Ex-Wheat Ridge-ite here. Saw the plates once and smiled the same smile as when Kevin Costner dove down to Civic Centre Plaza to grab some soil in "Waterworld". 
"The Beautiful Game". 

Bah. 
Perfect fallback; style it like mobile (a la Wikipedia) and then, who cares? 

This has been my go-to example for IE10-11 compatibility for a while now, and project owners and managers - who have to balance project costs to functionality - now tend to agree than fight. We make sure it's fully functional, looks well-presented and often add a little flag somewhere suggesting an upgraded browser experience (a small note about time moving on, better standards and protection against hacks, viruses, cooties, etc).. 

Honestly, if you're still running an IE that's no longer supported, you or your tech dept probably need a little kick. At some point, the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one. 
Pioneer has [5 aftermarket CarPlay units](https://9to5mac.com/2017/05/18/pioneer-new-carplay-receivers/), 3 of which do Android Auto too. 
Hey! You're on TV...get off your phone!
Odd - as a US guy living in the Netherlands, I find the Leaf would be average to small. 

Maybe because I live in t'Gooi, but there are bigger BMWs, Mercs, Audis...etc, plus the odd Gooische vrouw in a 4WD on the school run, or parking across 3 spaces at the Jumbo. 

Either way, I saw the new version at the Nissan by the ArenA and it's not much - if at all - bigger than my 2002 Fiesta. (I'm now waiting for a 60kW Leaf)
It's clearly a leak. 

Nissan spokespeople have referred to a 60kW version since the 40kW was previewed in September IN JAPAN, so people have known about it. Now, the 40kW is being made available in Europe and US, two relatively litigious regions, so yeah - I bet they're making sure there's a buzz before people start suing over unrealistic expectations. 
Yep - their NV200 does a excellent job with their current battery technology, and on a Leaf platform. Why they didn't add it earlier is beyond me. 
Sigh. Probably. 

Sigh...
No, they're referring to 225 real-world miles (EPA, NECD). They've been conservative with the current 40kW Leaf's range at 150mi/230Km, even though the battery is supposedly rated for 240mi/385Km; there's no reason to doubt them. 

Of course, [your real world is relative](https://www.reddit.com/r/leaf/comments/7o5ljw/nissan_leaf_range_different_on_uk_and_us_sites/ds6zzqz/). 
It's being debuted this week at CES; hoping it'll be orderable this year.
The CHAdeMO protocol is currently specced upto [200kW, heading for 350-400kW in 2020](https://www.chademo.com/technology/high-power/), but honestly it's irrelevant. It probably should be using the default connector of the region it's sold in. Unfortunately, even though CHAdeMO is more reliable, as of 2013 CCS is the standardised plug in Europe; with all the Germans manufacturers lining up to CCS, Europe is going to shift in the next 5 years. With GM supporting CCS, possibly Ford, the US will as well. 

I'd be very happy with an CCS or CHAdeMO adaptor that handles the faster charing speed, a la Tesla. 
As an ex-NJ guy, that’s why I left Joisey. Colorado was much less expensive, but I bet that’s changed too. Either way, I pitched in some Euros and I hope it helps her. The world needs more people who stand up. 
True, but if you look at idiotic articles [like this one at Top Gear](https://www.topgear.com/car-news/electric/ten-electric-cars-were-excited-about-2018), the average ICE owner wouldn't know it. 

We already have too many needless turf wars on the BEV front. Most people here also have a level of disdain for PHEVs and their ilk, so this seems a nice way to move those off and avoid needless conflict in /r/electricvehicles. 

Isolating the cars with both ICE and EV power systems would ultimately fizzle out, but not for 10 years, and then it'll be like most reddits, less about "new and upcoming" and more about supporting your existing platform.  
I doubt they'd bring an entire car to market, but once there's a sizeable shift to electric, there'll be a need for component manufacturing to integrate or replace existing electric technology. Batteries, inverter/motor wheel units, etc -- Bosch is already headed down that road; I bet Panasonic is considering this too. 
With the telematics, closer to $54,000. 
Probably "here now" refers to the US, while everywhere else it's "we can put you on the list for next year, but we don't know when it's going to be available" (Netherlands/Germany dealer's excuse). 
Well, I think we know that answer. I hope I'm wrong, but GM's already modelling a lower-cost replacement for the Bolt for 2021-22, I understand. 
Nope - GM sold out and Peugeot group now has that axe to bear. GM won't sell more than a handful through existing channels. It's a shame - I tried to get one 8 months ago and they were already sold out for the year (Netherlands). 

To OP - enjoy your baby! Congrats!
That's really it. You just have to get what you want, not what someone wants you to have. 

There'll be so many cars soon that this choice becomes less about a single element like range and more about a multitude, like price, value, status, reliability, support and EV knowledge. 

Some brands will stand out because they've done the miles: Tesla, Nissan, GM, even Renault. Some think they can waltz in and just take market share, like Honda, Toyota, even VW to a degree... No idea how this will pan out, but I'll take a 3rd gen Leaf before a 1st gen ID any day, even with all das blinken lichten.   ;) 

[**edit:** I've owned 3 VWs, 2 brand new. Always CV joints being replaced, leaks in the lower pan gasket, oil pumps...I'm lucky if I'd get 100K out of them before trading it in. Always with the service, VW. No more.]
To each their own. I was on a list for a Model 3 last year but decided to jump ship. My initial estimate was pushed from late 2018 into mid-2019, but getting married and looking for a new neighbourhood has to be balanced with a new car. 

Ended up being that the model I wanted would have run €47K, not 35K as initially hoped. Wish there was all the money in the world, but even if I save €5K-7K, that's a good savings. 
No, you're stupid, Mr. Stupid Head. 

There you go - a conversation on your own level. Satisfied? 
I really wish people who say things like "Nissan wasn't taking electric seriously" would stop saying it, and just go out a build a better battery. Then you can tell us how others fucked up. 

Opinion is all well and good, but unless you can 1) make batteries far less expensive and/or more powerful, and 2) make the car affordable, then you really aren't considering reality. 

No manufacturer is going remove a $15-20k car and replace it with a $40-50K car that gives you the range you want with the tech available from 2013-2016. Just close up the shop doors and walk home - as a company, you'd be done. They mostly did what they could do in the market at the price they were targeting. 

At most, around 2015-16, they should have moved battery cooling systems like their e-NV200 into the Leaf; I think that was the biggest flaw...too much investment in existing batteries. That, and a new facia for the squeamish, would have given them at least a 30kW system with proper cooling, and have bought them the needed time to change the entire platform in 2019. 

I know 2 Tesla owners, a model X (took possession 1 month just before the new telemetric hardware came out) and a model S from 2016. Both love their cars, but they're also often in the shop for one thing or another. 

I don't have that kind of cash - but I do have a old Ford that will make it another year, and I have time. 

I'll wait for 2019, because every € counts, and because if I invest in something like this, I need to to be reliable and to be working for as long as possible. Right now, that's something Tesla can't provide at any price. 
Um no. 

Duck Duck Go and Apple Maps. I do have a gmail account but it’s for signups and spam. 


No! Not Tar-jay! 
Unobtanium. Everyone knows about unobtanium.
I'm finally at the "Fuck Amazon" stage. 

Troll. 
"LOL" is the flag of a true dickhead. 
[Yes](https://www.wirelesspowerconsortium.com/products/search/?basic_search=Apple+iPhone&product_id=&version=&brand_name=&product_name=&type_number=&product_type=&not_licensed=No&power_profile=&transmitter_design=&automotive_assembly=&subsystem=&compliant_automotive=&mobile_phone_accessory=&mobile_phone_accessory_description=&sort=&direction=asc&searching=true&search_type=basic)
There's a lot of lazy reporting out there. 

> Writer: I need an angle on this-here new Star Wars movie. *(Looks at Reddit fanboy outrage)*  Clearly the Universe is broken! The masses are in upheaval! It's Doom! **DOOM**, I say!!

I doubt most writers even saw the movie, and sometimes I wonder if the whining fanboys did too. 
I don't remember the scene, but I was watching the European release in the theatres so it could have been cut by then. 

This happens a lot. Exhibitors can have a say about the runtime of a movie if it's not a prestige film. But sometimes it's the filmmaker - I remember vividly seeing The Shining the first night out, and there was a scene at the end, between Jack and the long tracking shot. It was at a hospital with Wendy and Danny and the manager Ullman. I remember Barry Nelson explaining something, something...but I've never seen it since. 
Forehead or get out.
It was, but some people prefer karma to bug fixes.
Maybe we need to show up for work - protests always worked. Twitter not so much (unless you're a fat slob pressuring women for sex). People need to get off their asses and stop traffic, close offices and court houses, and resist the slow move to totalitarianism. (I'm American, but having marched for equal rights several times.) I like to think I have an FBI file somewhere...but they still give me a passport, so I know the process is still working. 
Yep. See it now. Thank you for the clear response. 
If you clicked the link, you'd see I did exactly as you had suggested.  I don't have the inclination to google every random hipster blurt recorded on Reddit. 

Nonetheless, this has wasted enough time for everyone. I momentarily cared enough to learn but not enough to consider it worth learning further. Have fun with the planet and civilisation - I'm out of here soon anyway - so carry on as you will, and good luck living in the grey zones. 
I did say it aloud, but honestly - it didn't catch. 

Also - I did exactly as you suggested [and here are the results](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/search?q=buttery+males&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all)

Seriously though, not a great tone in that last message. If we're supposed to be better than the Trumpetiers, let's not belittle people like they do when they're not "in" on the secret language.  ;) 
Actually - I did. Zero results, with nearly as many fucks given. 
But note - it has to follow the standard. The cheap mats on AliExpress or Amazon may not. 
It only takes 1% on Reddit or Twitter to start a firestorm. 

You can also harm your battery if you charge the phone in direct sunlight or have it in a air vent holder in the winter (unless you can shut off that particular vent). The phone will operate, but the damage to the battery - which includes plating the lithium ions and/or eroding the anode - will happen. Same happens when you try charging when it's too cold, although the battery can self-repair from cold better than heat. 

All this said, if the charger is damaged or **of poor quality**, this could be a problem. Power spikes and unconditioned/poorly conditioned power has been on plug-in models, and some chargers aren't smart enough to stop charging when full (sad but true). While I don't know if anyone's done science on the existing wireless chargers, not take an unequivocal "yes" or "no" as safe answers. 
> buttery males

What the hell? 
>	If Best Buy, Target, or Walmart were selling fake products in their stores, they could try to blame their suppliers, but they could only get away with it a few times. After a while, people would assume that products sold in store were falsely labeled and stop shopping there. Also, the store would face consumer class-action lawsuits for false product labeling.

This. Anyone else would be hung out to dry, but Amazon seems to get away with it. All I can do is take my business elsewhere whenever possible. 
Not entirely - it's its own store too. Amazon stocks product from external suppliers, and those products - packed and shipped from Amazon's own warehouses - have been caught by Dutch and British trade organisations for shipping items different from what is sold. 
They don't care. Amazon baits and switches on a regular basis, and I've seen some products disappear from the store once Amazon allows knock-offs to be listed next to them at far lower prices. 

For instance, Kabrus (UK) was the original alarm padlock - I bought one back in 2007 for touring in Asia. Small, loud when disturbed and rock solid - and when I went looking for a second around 2010 for a new house, Amazon listed them but the search returned Chinese and Malaysian knockoffs. I'd search on Google, see an Amazon link and be  returned to the knockoff. Ended up buying it through the Kabrus online store. Went to check up on them and couldn't find the site - UK Business registry says they were delisted in mid-2013. They were basically ripped off and left for dead. 

You can say, all's fair in business and all, but it shouldn't be that Amazon lists an item, on its site and on Google, and then shows a different item when returning a result. That's not right.

There have been other stories of Amazon's suppliers shipping alternative items to what has been ordered, and while the shopper can return it, it's still bullshit business; if you're a store, you need to be certain of the items you sell! 

I try to avoid Amazon when possible these days, if only just out of a sense of fair play. I don't need to help make one man massively rich at the expense of everyone else. 
I've experienced the same here. I don't trust anything but Apple or Belkin cables; I've never had a bad cable from either. 
ELO called and wanted it's logo back. 
Yep - I was afraid I wasn't clear on this: I understand the planes weren't there, ("the untrained eye," etc) but thanks for the explaination. 
A lot has to do with how you charge your phone, how often, how far you let it go down before charging, exposure to heat, etc...this is how batteries wear, and it’s at the crux of this issue. 

I have a 6S running on the original battery and my geek bench scores still show it to be quite like original in performance. Take that with a grain of salt but being an EV owner, I tend to be very protective of my batteries. 
No, sorry but I’m actually ENJOYING Apple Maps. I’m not sure when they rolled it out but just noticed that they now have lane markers over the map, when the highway splits or if the exit has more than 1 off ramp. Huge win for the more crazy Dutch & German highways. 
Ah - when the video plays 2/3rd through, it appeared to the untrained eye as if there were airplanes flying through the contrails. Still, I imagine the airspace clearance is more difficult to arrange as its near a city, compared to Los Alamos or the Cape. 
Sorry to hear that. From what I hear from people here in the Netherlands, Nissan's been pretty good. I'm going to wait for a 60kwh, but a Leaf is in our future. 
Amazing to see this in a densely populated area, and with air traffic! 

Got to wonder what it'll be like in a plane, flying through that contrail. 
If I could mention it, also check out [Infuse](https://firecore.com/infuse) - it comes with an AppleTV version that kicks ass and works with networked disks. 
This is quite true - the first half-day or so it's indexing any data on the device, so if you've added a lot of contacts or synced in your 10 years of Mac mail, it'll take a while to smooth out. That said, [judging by the support document](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207923), the specific optimisations for a 2017 iPad probably don't exist in 10.3.3 or else they would have mentioned iPads other than the 4th revision. 

I'd update it, and then give it a couple of days to finish indexing. My Air 2 is quite nice under 11.2.1; I can only imagine your 2017 would be smoother. 
Where is "here"? Nissan's pushing them here in the Netherlands. 
The S models don't have DC fast charging - that was optional, but the SV and SL models had it, and it was a small step-up in price, so it's unusual to find a S model with 2 connectors in front, one being DC fast charge. 

In your situation an S could work, especially if you can charge it at home. Still best to find a 2015+ model because they changed the battery chemistry (lizard battery) and that's advantageous. 
You don't want /u/Hocketteer to be alive at 98? That seems mean...
There's a few channels with Leafs in Canada and Austria; they love the Leaf but they all do reccomend proper snow tires
It's been a while but I did check the numbers at the time. 

That said, the kits sit here unbuilt (car accident) so the costs will probably climb. Anyone want to buy 2 kits?  /s
Agreed - [it saved the movie](https://youtu.be/GFMyMxMYDNk)
How about billions of dollars in return? Would billions of dollars work for you, George?
Okay - I wasn’t clear. I was agreeing with you. 
Happy holidays. 
Because only true fans can hate like the dark side. 
I watched Benny Hill for 10+ years living in NJ. Knew it in a heartbeat. 
Got to wonder if 13 will do it. River would just give her a dirty look...
There you go! Yeah, stuff gets corrupted in the system and I'm always resetting this after major updates, to the end that performance get improved. But don't let the battery go below 20% if you can help it; heat, thermal resistance on the anodes, higher-speed recharging (generating more heat), etc - this stuff affects battery life. Every little helps!
That's very low - do you usually let the go battery down that far? Usually under 20% will prematurely age your battery. 
Not sure everyone's aware of this great thread on /r/apple - maybe don't post here but [go read and add to the comments](https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/7lp89g/iphone_66_6s6s_users_if_you_notice_your/) there: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/comments/7lp89g/iphone_66_6s6s_users_if_you_notice_your/
What I find about threads like this: 

* If you're not outraged, you're ignorant
* If you try to [bring science](https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/7lorpo/battery_scientist_weighing_in_on_this_issue_of/) or opinion that doesn't support the outrage, you're a fanboy or are attacked, or both (most likely)
* All iPhones are seemingly equal (iPhone6 and 6+ differer significantly, 1GB ram being the biggest factor, yet we gloss over this **a lot**). 
* Everyone seems to test in a vacuum, where how they used the phone and how they charged it are not considered. 

Not making any claims about what is right or wrong, up or down, but I do think we're 1) spending too much time being outraged, and 2) ignoring any science we don't like, which is generally a bad idea.

Frankly, 2) should come before 1), but generally not on these threads. Science or reason is buried fairly quickly. 

(aaand here come the downvotes)
“F5oclock”? Did the Washington Post just make a Dad joke?
Honestly, the most patient cop I've seen for a while. 
Nothing like being held to a standard that you or your examples don't try to match
Indeed - The Mac and iOS reddits need this bot
Yeah, because Google is never deceptive.   :|
Hope you don’t mind, but I’m definitely stealing that…
Your logic defies logic. 
Thank you. Better than I could have said it. 

As an EV owner, I'm tired of people who think batteries are a closed-loop, easy-to-explain system. 

Adding to the matrix is how the phone has been charged/used by the owner. The longevity of their batteries will be directly related to  the charging cycles, how far down the battery has been run down and then fully charged, the rate of charge, the temperature of the phone at charge (and sometimes the phone whilst charging - I've seen too many hot iPhone sitting in a dock near a window). Heat or cold creates resistance in the charge, further degrading anodes, and over time platelets can develop on the lithium ions, rendering them unusable. It's different chemistry in cars to phones so not everything is the same, but the basic issue points (resistance, temperature) line up to the same failure points (anode degradation,  lithium ion issues). 

Unlikely that the person complaining will consider their own use as part of the failure. 
Yeah - this was a summer or so back, when they were filming in Amsterdam. Clearly a homeowner's pov. 
Enormously satisfying to watch. Hopefully this ends his ability to sire children. 
>  Phones shouldn’t shut down just because the battery is old!

What??
Another lawsuit. This is why we can't have nice things. 
> Do you mean like the Chevy Bolt? Because thah has active cooling

Which is $43K and still underpriced by the manufacturer at a loss of an estimated $10k per car. Are you suggesting a Golf costs $43-53K?
Because I’m not reading the entire thread; I wasn’t aware the feature had been pulled in iOS 10.

Am I repentant? Only slightly. 

It’s probably because I’m so sick and tired of the fucking whining and bitchfests, mostly currying karma. And your attitude was attack right from the start, so if you expect something more from me, fuck off. 

Done here. 
FFS - it’s the developers you need to push. Why is this so fucking hard to get through to some people?
I’d say it depends on your market - for consumer, in the West, probably fine. In Eastern Europe or Asia, probably a small segment worth targeting (Africa is all over the place- even WAP still has a place). If it’s business to business, or government, very likely at least IE 10, if not 9 or 8. 
Irrelevant. The API exists. Use it. 
Irrelevant- the API exists. Use it. 
Whoa.. I want the 60kWh Leaf to have these (wait. I know better...)
Blame the right people. 

The APIs to support grouping and removing notifications are there. ESPN has to use them. 

 
Hail, Caesar 
Looks like the goal (at least in this release year) is to get more Leafs on the road, and not recycle the ones out there
Quite true - Harvey is ugly inside and out. 
Oh yeah, you'd need lumps all over his face and a bucket of grease for the hair...but hey, let's not be cruel to Christian. 
Hang loose, you old hippie.  (thumbs up!)
[The ceremonies were presided over by Helen Hayes, Alan King, Sammy Davis, Jr., and Jack Lemmon.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/44th_Academy_Awards#Presenters_and_performers)
Or set it up to update the date automatically.  ;) 
Frankly, he's almost perfect to play Weinstein now. 
Yup, yup - for me, the most interesting parts were Ren and Rey, how they pulled each other in different, more challenging directions. I was pleasantly surprised with Ren turning on Snoke, but also really worried about Rey getting lost in her quest to discover her roots. 
Total agreement. I was really disappointed with this one. Just jettisoning characters and slipping in cameos (actually not Sir Elton - I thought he was fun). I don't get Julianne Moore or Channing Tatum in this at all, but ymmv. 
Maybe give it another go. I think the fact I ignored all of the press and previews of the movie and went in cold probably made a big difference in how I received it. 

Also being over 50 now, and understanding how people's optimism can spoil over time and disappointment plays a big part. I don't know many characters in all the SW episodes that act their age -- they can be cyphers at times. In this one, Luke resonated with me and I really felt his internal struggle. 
I don't bother with the other sources - I always expect that every "media" is true unto itself and nothing else, otherwise there's too much baggage to haul around. 

I like clearing the slate a bit - We're not going to rely on a hero to save us all, because there's just gonna be a bigger Death Star and trench run in the next movie (possibly star sized!) That's not progress - and we've done it 3 times now. We're going to go back to Obi Wan's original explaination: the Force exists in us all. 

Snoke, Luke, the Resistance -- they're kind of McGuffins. The movie re-centers the fight to the battle of Dark and Light within *each* character, and I think that's really the important fork in all this. 
I think it's a good, fitting episode for Luke - but I don't think it's complete at all yet. 

This is a battle for the light and dark within each character - the days of "he's all evil" and "she's all good" are over, and I think this is throwing a lot of fans. For every big explosion on the screen, there's a counterbalancing event happening at the same time where the characters are being tested to their own internal limits. 

You can really see Kylo Ren battling what's right and wrong on a moment-by-moment basis, but losing the bigger picture. The characters who only see the big picture (Snoke and to a degree, Luke) lose it in the moment. And then there's the pull of Rey to Ren and vice-versa...where his heart and actions react to fear and anger, her anger can be controlled by hope...

oooooh, there's a lot more good stuff to come! 
I think it's how we approached the different characters. In the earlier movies, each new character played a part, a gear in the whole story arch. Here, there are really a lot of loose ends (that's true) but that's because the Rebellion is failing and grasping at straws. From Episode I, the battle for commerce created the Empire, but here at the end...yeah, it's all a system. Light, Dark, Good, Evil...The solution is to not rely on big events; they cost too much in resources (Poe and Finn's near collision) but to find that Force inside, pull it from the dark and grow it in everyone. Burning the books, saying the old ways didn't work - try something new, and the kid with the broom. There's a glimpse of something brewing in the Force, and I'd not be surprised if these powers grow not in specific "heroes" to save the day, but in everyone. 
Without you being more specific, I'd say you're looking at McGuffins - the answers weren't plot holes, but the real answer came from the character realising their own potential. 

Edit: Nice downvotes. I'm not saying they're wrong (they're not being specific) but clearly the development of the movie is based on characters, the choices they make and that points the way for the plot, not the other way around. If every plot path had to fit together, then it's plot-driven, not character-driven. 
That's just not right. 
Frankenhooker. 

"Hey! You wanna date?"
Like there's a chance you can get through traffic in Paris at all... 
Same here. I don't get the abuse either - I'm a long-time fan, seeing the origin in my teens - and this was really refreshing. Seeing characters have an arc, and watching them decide - through character, not some plot device - where their paths lie was really satisfying. 

Too many fans, I fear, want notes a-b-c to strike in succession. With TLJ, you get characters doing what real people do, for better or worse. I really enjoyed it, even more than the previous instalment.
Thanks! I was thinking about this film and couldn't remember the title... ~~It's a pity there's only a 480p version of this amazing run...this needs a hi-def treatment.~~ Here's a [720p version](https://youtu.be/mgyxSAAqCHA) that's slightly better if occasionally a little blocky and tinted. 
DSC is great; it's not your fathers Star Trek so it confuses people. I think we really don't see the real Trek universe...yet. 

Still, back to the point -- another episodic space adventure that's good is perfectly fine. A bit less of the soap opera and more space opera is always a good thing (soap opera is cheaper per episode).
The Wall Street Journal is a News Corp publication now. Craven and stupid is what they trade in. 
Thanks! 
Heh.  I love the sleekness of the ceramic and the steel just feels old-fashioned to me. To each their own!
> Clarkson's persona is something of a self parody. An in-joke.

Many liars and cowards hide behind the phrase "it's just a joke". 

Even as entertainment, you need to not lie all the time. 
I did not know that - so it's heavier than the aluminium? 
Have you tried completing the sentence? I find words being added (even correct words autocorrected to the wrong one as I type) are often re-corrected (correctly) once you add the full stop. They're trying to guess on context, and you need to give it a full sentence. 
> The stainless steel models for sure look more classy. 

I dunno - I love the brilliance of the ceramic and especially the lightness of it. I'd take it over a hunk of steel any day. 

That said, I'm still rocking el cheapo Series 0 aluminium until LTE watches are available in my country...then, we'll see. We'll see....
I think I've reached my limit on click-baity, false-drama titles. 
Don't get this - they're complimentary. 

* Column or Row -> Flexbox. 
* Columns AND Rows -> Grid. 

It's that simple. 
...and suddenly, gators. 
"Sorry. Screenshot"  - holds photo up to class..

How hard is that? Seriously, don't feel guilty unless there's a reason to be. Worrying about what other people think will kill you. 
There's no reason to complain. A screenshot is as valid as the camera as the image ends up in the photo roll. 

Over-customisation just leads to user confusion. This is so minor it's hardly worth considering. 
> Fuck trump. 

Upvoted just for this. 
I would love to see charges of aiding and betting levelled at Hannity, Fox and "Friends", et al. 
The problem with this and the articles that it quotes is that many EV and car news sites give Tesla a free ride. It's good to do the math and due diligence - it's important to make sure whatever claims are correct, not some PT Barnum-level hokum. Many of the quoted sources, though, went too far and their lack of understanding or outright cynical nature poisoned the quality of their reporting. 

We do need clear data points, with numbers we can hold up to the light.  Doing so, Musk also needs to move away from the showmanship and migrate into addressing manufacturing and sales. Getting product out, at a known price, with a known result (establishing the true value of an item) is what will make or break Tesla. 
Everyone on reddit speaks about past (suggested) incidents but still, innocent until proven guilty...right?
It does explain the quick exit from Bohemian Rhapsody. 

I, for one, care not about the case but am very happy Dexter Fletcher is taking over. 
Yet they’re dropping AC charging on new stations 
I don’t believe the original Leaf did either 
I was afraid of that...it was the big reason I didn't go with the Zoe last year when I had the chance. Then, I thought chademo was the answer. Now, it seems anything but CCS for the future is in question.
Just saw this in today's iTunes update for the app - no word of it on their website I could see. 
How generous. 
this should be on top
I'd rather be laughing as I drive past the pumps. 
It's kept it's lines and proportions; a good evolution IMHO. 
Patagonia stuff is made like iron - I still have a ski vest from the 90s that wears like new. And it’s made from recycled plastic bottles, pioneering in those days. They’re a business but they do care as well, and it shows. 
I work with CMS users who need multiple options. This is an excellent technique...

“Eleventy bazillion”, you mean. 
Same in the Netherlands. 
In the Netherlands it's damn fine. Even the stupid A1 interchange by Almere, where the roads get redirected every few months. 

The thing is - yeah, sometimes roads are not right, it's the same with Google. But these posts where "EVERYTHING is bad or else your a troll" or "Google/Waze is always better" really pisses me off...they're not always. They can be, but they also may not be. I've had plenty of times where Google wants me to go opposite Apple Maps and Google's wrong. 

The absolutist mentality of some people makes Reddit a chore sometimes. 
Good bot
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. 
It’s true. I’ve had far more information gleaned here than in that other smug sub. 
That’s not really answering OPs question. 

I’ve had a similar thought - the issue isn’t about public safety, but convenience. In my case, my garage is narrow. It’d be great if I could get the car to auto park without being in the car. 

To answer OP, that feature in Tesla land is called Summon, and it’s separate from auto parking. I don’t believe the Nissan has an equivalent. 
Doubt all you want - I do develop, but I don’t play Diablo or other games. And I don’t like generalizations...whether about an OS or about people. 

Enjoy your puny view on life.  
It’s nice to see one more Bill episode. That was a surprise for me…
And here I thought it was called r/androidusersshitposthere
I don’t care. It’s a generalization which is patently wrong as a generalization.
Oh please. Try reading what I wrote again before getting onto your little soapbox. I develop for a living so save your ropey fanboy tirades for the uninformed. 
Because it's not. It may be more forgiving, like Chrome is or IE before that, but poorly formatted HTML can contribute to poor selection. Go Google it. 
A lot of this has to do with the semantics of the rendered page. Webdevs might occasionally use proper markup and closing tags...
Sorry for the lack of update, but I did as the thread suggested: I wrote a letter outlining benefits to the parking situation and knocked down their issues with reasonable solutions. Before sending it off, I also had the opportunity to speak to the English-speaking board member, one of the "elders" who agreed with me that given the current situation, an ICE car is a bad investment. 

That was a bit over a month ago (about 2 weeks after GMs all-in ICE announcement) and I've yet to hear back, but hopefully, it means good things rather than bad. 

I'll update again (and the main thread) when I hear a result of the email. 
Ik denk het ook 
Yep. 
And be rick-rolled again? Naaaaah. 
This may be true for the current state of batteries, as these are primarily heat (charge/discharge) and weight considerations. 

Solid-state batteries would likely change this enough that smaller, more energy dense and cooler packs could be retrofitted, adding a programmable interface for the specific car time. 

I expect that in 5-7 years, third-party battery upgrades will be available. 
Hollywood accounting in progress - I'm sure the magnitude of the loss is overstated so that any profits earlier in the year (WW) can be offset. For example, "distribution" costs are almost entirely digital these days so those charges should be drastically cut back. 
So last week..
Yeah, that’s basically what they call an unfurnished apartment here. When I moved in, the previous tenant took lightbulbs and wall switches! I had to replace them myself...it’s all as-is unless it’s furnished (and then get specifics). 

You **will** be buying your own stoves, washing machine, fridge, etc. Check out Marktplaats.nl for used (it’s like an eBay) until you get settled and decide to stay longer. 
I’m gonna guess more often than not. 
Dramatic convenience. 
So the connector doesn't necessarily denote type 1 or 2? That's good to know...this is all new stuff to me. 
Huh? I keep reading about type 2 (even TeslaBjorn noticed it). Maybe different plugs for different markets...
It's a concept car. Interiors like that come standard; on the production vehicle, not so often. 
Nope - the new Leaf has a Type 2, as per Nissan. 

I would argue the point that it's not a new car ... every user experience I've read or watched has remarked how it's *certainly not* just a reskin of the old Leaf. The frame is longer and wider, the steering lighter and more responsive, the braking far more accurate -- but the exterior layout and seating is generally the same, so it's understandable how initial responses could be lead down that road. I'd argue Porsches and Golfs fall under the same criticism (especially by Clarkson) but I see it as an advancement and refinement of the design, making the shape (rather than the headlights) the defining quality of the Leaf. It's a good shape. 

Anyway, 2-3 hours on a Tesla destination charger is perfectly fine by me. Thanks for the info!
It's not on the Dutch iTunes or Netflix either. Amazon is useless as most movies streamed aren't visible out of the US. I'm going to have to import it out of the UK or Germany...bah. 
How far do you drive? How the bar situation? I'm tempted to buy a 2018 model and it'll be our only car.  
Damn! I need to find this...
> Apple's wrong on both ends. 

There you go. Reddit in 5 words (and a contraction)  
> My LEAF (from the UK) came standard with a Mennekes cable and I regularly use it when presented with such a charger. 

Ah, excellent. Good to know - the new Leaf, which I'm seriously considering, already has a Type 2 on it - so no conversion needed. If I can count on using Tesla Type 2s, then my rare 150+ mile drives won't be so stress-inducing. 

Well, it's a case of any port in a storm. If I travel and there's only a Tesla destination, then it's worth a try. As the destinations themselves take ownership and pay for the electricity, as long as I'm paying I'll give it a try. 
Probably...And then there's the mythic [Jadapter](https://jdapter.quickchargepower.com/), which goes CHAdeMO into a Tesla supercharger. 
Well that depends on the sales at the AH ToGo and Hema

It's importing - not strictly coming in through an airport; that's just an example - but yeah, they're making a version for US market that doesn't break the law. It's got to do with a potential choking hazard hidden within the edible egg (and I wonder if this is why Cracker Jacks prizes are such shit now), but I have to wonder if it's just another way for Hershey to keep other brands out of its market, much like it did with Cadburys until they bought them. 
If you're in the US, you've now committed a [federal crime](http://souvenirfinder.com/2014/01/22/kinder-surprise-chocolate-egg-souvenir-fine-illegal-customs/) punishable by a $2500/er egg fine. 

So eat 'em quick. 
Black Friday doesn't really exist here as it does in the US (read: electronics  pandemonium shopping). The two links above are as good a start as any. 
Again, very combative tone. Maybe you're factually correct on points, but speaking to you is really annoying. Really dude, lighten up; Google can take care of itself. Let's all be people here. 
Which would have been a more polite answer than the tirade you first offered. And yes - people do care, which is why they ask questions. 
Some people just want to watch the world burn. 
Not to be a nay-sayer, but there's some speculation on this: 
> [From what I understand it might just be 1 cell bringing the whole pack down, Leafspy should be able to tell you. Hopefully that cell dies really fast or your free battery inspection catches it and they replace it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/leaf/comments/77dtnx/2016_sv_14k_miles_lost_my_first_bar_today/)

I'd still give a bit of thought as to whether it's a widespread issue - there's always someone who says "XX is bad, everyone knows this" but often it's speculation and extrapolation from a fairly limited range of data. Anyway, the conclusion may not be accurate for more than a few outliers. The above has been mentioned as a possible scenario Nissan (and their owners) are exploring, but in any event, you'd have a warranty for 100K miles and likely a new battery.  

I'd be more suspect of the "60-day warranty" thing on the first image. There should be a longer, transferrable warranty still in effect. I never bought from John Elway when I lived in Lakewood but you need to check who services it and for how long. 
> Disagree. CDNs are incredibly prevalent and have plenty of upsides

So long as they're consistent and reliable. I think OP is entirely correct in rethinking the font strategy, especially if the provider doesn't seem to know a 600 from a 400. 
Whoa, cowboy...why so arrogant? Did Mom forget to pack your twinkie?
"WebP format for critical pages"? Hmm...

Might want to fix that missing header image while you're at it. 
The Model 3 is in the real world I'm afraid, and Tesla is not doing fine. Manufacturing is Tesla's achilles heel currently and to ignore that is to invite far worse consequences down the road. Model X (and S, to a lesser degree) manufacturing issues should have been fixed by now but there are still a decent number of new Tesla owners who experience it. 
Just saw a YouTube vid on the leaf in Canadian winters

https://youtu.be/FQqSH3K4rrE

He has a good methodology for using it in cold weather, and he still has all his bars after 80k kms 
...erasing the evidence. Hmm. 
I did

naaaht!

Oh

Hi, Mark
A correction/elaboration on the Sanders real estate story: [spoiler (not so true)](https://www.snopes.com/2016/08/10/bernie-sanders-buys-summer-home/)
well played!
Good catch!
Which is not unlike a lot of folks in r/electricvehicles... harrumph
Off the top of my head, only Tesla and the Mini Cooper Countryman are all-wheel drive. Not sure myself of others as I never look for such a thing, but you might be better off with a Volvo hybrid if this is the big issue. 
If he's there all the time, he might work in the area. Is it a store? Perhaps walk into the store and ask to speak to the manager and see if he's aware a car is always blocking the EV charger. If they don't care, then I'd still call the police and inquire. 
Yeah - mirrored display. Could be they're doing a session and everyone in the room has to be able to see what's happening. 

As OP said, he didn't see it personally. Shouldn't draw context where the evidence points elsewhere. 

best regards, 
Hercule Poirot
/s
So looking forward to test driving one soon. I'm still on the edge about 40Kwh (its *just* enough for the occasional day-trip to Belgium or Germany) but I have a feeling once I drive it, I'll be hooked too..
"...I'm drunk, take me home" - that's what I want. 

Even if I'm part of a train of autos (whilst sober..) I don't need to be always driving. I'd rather move along at 130-150 kph to Paris and read or watch a video or whatever (okay, drink..) than drive through Belgium again. 
Would it be a easier if you paid for the taxi first? Then you'd only be paying for driver and gas...
Good, reliable mass transportation is key. I have a car but I prefer to take the train (from the 'burbs) and tram to work than driving. For me, the hassle is the issue - not some mythical loss of control. 
Yep. 

I can imagine that, after thousands of years riding horses, to have them completely replaced in basically 2 decades is exactly the same sort of thing these folks are going to experience. Mind blown, but really - it's not all that much of a mind to blow. 
Manually driven cars will **always** be less reliable/predictable in traffic than an automated system. If an automated part doesn't slot right, it's likely easier to resolve; they know its constraints as they're all alike. A person, not so much - it may get better, but they still have the hidden potential to making the system far worse at any given moment. 

The person driving has and will always be the key factor in any insurance policy, and once that factor moves from having a particular kind of person towards NOT having one, and the latter is far more reliable, then that’s it - expect laws to follow. Once removed from the equation, insurance costs will be on the age and the features of the vehicle solely. 
Yep, and there are hard feelings about Lutz and many at GM from years of struggles with unions. They can't promise a job if they can't define the product anymore. 

I see Lutz as someone who recognises the battlefield but can't quite make out what's happening in the mists, yet he can certainly see the dangers to the status quo. 

I bet he expected the EV as a next-step for auto manufacturers, but he's recognising now (and too late) that it's the software - not hardware - that will determine where the "car" goes next. 
Of course he'd be depressed - his life's work will be forgotten as well possibly his company. GM will likely be something more like a Foxcomm for other module vendors; just another component supplier or assembler. 

But again - he had a good life from it; far better than many of the workers in the past few decades. Perhaps it's well time to refactor for the future. 
We're seeing more of that now in prototypes of the next ProPilot and already in the latest Autopilot. 

He may not be specifically accurate, but he's certainly going down the correct road. 
No, but in 2 generations- say, 20 years - it will be true.
Eva Braun  ;) 
There's a lot of supposition there - especially about heat generated and why it's happening. I'll wait a little anyway to hear reviews on the new Leafs and how they perform. 
It's okay - I'm originally American and I have to remind myself at times it's not only the US who reads this stuff... 
I think they phrase you're looking for is: "Oh, so the ends justify the means?"
What I've found is the best way to handle IE is to treat it as a single-column "mobile" site, much as Wikipedia and other sites do. Then I'm free to let modern browsers get the site they deserve.  
Free speech means the government can't suppress your opinion. 

Free speech doesn't mean you can come into someone house and sling bullshit. 
Seriously - they should just say what the hell is it. 

Any post that does this is pretty much clickbait. 

Edit: Nice downvotes because OP can't be bothered to explain what the hell they're linking to. That, dear children, is the definition of clickbait. 
This is good to hear.  I bet there are a lot more satisfied Leaf owners out there. 
"Here" where?

There's a lot of interest here in the Netherlands. Plus, we're a cool climate so it won't make much of a difference. I'd rather start saving money on energy now than wait a few more years. 
You're lucky people. When I quoted ~€12K, I pulled it from AutoTrader too: 

http://www.autotrader.nl/auto/nissan-leaf/?zoekopdracht=sorteer-op-prijsvolgorde-en-prijs

The Netherlands is flat and has great infrastructure for autos, and also high taxes to pay for them, but there are decent discounts on taxes for EVs. People have cottoned-onto this and while PHEVs aren't as popular now (no more tax incentives) BEVs are picking up the slack, so the second-hand availability is lowering and prices are no longer being dumped. 

Basically - if BEVs are to be mass-adopted - we're already living in your near future. 

If you can get a $5K Leaf, you'd be an idiot not to. They don't exist here anymore. 
This was in before your edit when this lead your response: 
>That only covers if the pack dies completely (catastrophic failure). If the car is drivable the capacity portion is only 60 months / 60,000 miles.

Capacity, not only failure, is covered. I mentioned the specifics for models in a different branch of this, and decided not to repeat myself. 

Besides - here in the Netherlands, you can't get any kind of Leaf for less than ~€12,000 (€11,945 for a 2011 with 28K km, to be precise for the pedantic) so the $5000 Leaf is a myth more than anything else. 
> If your mfg date is newer then your rate is worse and the bars will drop sooner.

Are you saying newer batteries are more prone to failure than older ones? If so, I'd like some proof of that (not just other threads, pls)
Not true - it covers capacity loss
It should be noted that if you get the middle (SV/Acenta) or high-end model (SL/Tekna), there's a 100K Mile/160K KM fully-transferable warranty on the batteries. If you lose 3 bars of charge in that period, they replace the battery. (I'm not sure if it's different in the US, but this is the UK/European warranty)
I would note that the laws are being relaxed now, and that it's not unusual for some companies to let people go before they go permanent, especially in software development. If permanent is offered in the future, get it in writing.
But not to the degree of an Amazon or Walmart. While I hate the madness, I do miss the values. 
The word we’re looking for is “carpetbaggers”
I bet several manufacturers are pushing it themselves. 
Same same!
All Level 2 cars require driver interaction and awareness - even Tesla. I'm expecting that true Level-4 (take me home, I'm drunk) auto driving isn't going to happen for at least another 5-7 years, and then at the high end, and then after a long beta stage. 

Having a hand on the wheel is a necessity - I think that once you know how the system works, it won't be so easy to disengage it (a bit like peoples first time with the classic cruise-control). 

I know what you mean about "final form" though - Nissan need to be more upfront about what this car will, might, and will never do. I'm still expecting a clearer explaination on ProPark, given that the cars in Japan and the demo I saw all still have the button on the console. 
That thing they said, "It's not interesting to us", is a common refrain in this country. They're not on commission (they say) and sometime I swear you need to kick a salesperson in the ass to show a little enthusiasm. I've had girls who weren't into me show more interest than some salespeople here. 
Which is weird, as the Hyundai guy was steering me away from the BEV version to, frankly, anything else. What area are you in? Because there may be folks here reading along who know of a better dealer in your area. I've had one guy at the Renault in Bussum (Netherlands) walk away saying "It's not interesting to us...", even though there's one there in their showroom ... there are always better salespeople. 
Exactly - it's Level 2; stays in the lane, keeps with traffic - this would make my commutes on the A1 relatively sane and easy. 
What did you expect it to do?
I think you're reading a lot more into an edit than is really there. 
I wouldn't have said it looked unusable - he just needs to learn how to use it. He's simultaneously learning, driving in busy traffic and narrating every move to video, so yeah - it's going to look more complicated. 
Not from me.   ;)

There are a lot more trolls in the woods than I expected...
If you can't tell truth from fiction, then don't ever bitch when a politician lies to you. 
With the advent of false identities and proven anti-information campaigns, the two sites mentioned on this thread also happen to be those that check the veracity of political statements. 

I'm on these sites nearly daily, on phone, tablet and desktop and I've never seen this. It could be an ad network, but I've never seen a pop up on either. 

Maybe it was an ad network or a managed link from the previous site OP linked from, but I'm not blindly going to avoid some of the best fact-checkers out there. 
I’m saying I can’t reproduce your claim. If you take a position as fact and no one else can reproduce that fact, then the variable in question is the observer. 
I'm calling bullshit on this. 

These kinds of posts "XXX is trying to steal your information" are now happening daily and I've yet to see an instance where a legitimate site is doing anything of the sort. 

[Politifact](http://www.politifact.com) is an award-winning US fact-check site, run by the Tampa Bay Times and the Pointer Institute ([info here](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/blog/2011/oct/06/who-pays-for-politifact/)).  

I've been clearing the cache and hitting this site for nearly 2 hours now and I'm not getting ANY kind of popups. In fact, in the many years I've used this site to check the truthfulness of a political statement, I've **never** seen a pop-up on this site. 
Lincoln, Nebraska, USA...for those wondering
One of the best things about getting older is you begin to care less about what the rest of the pack say. You do your own thing, and as long as you do it without being an ostentatious tool, then I say party-on with the red dot. It’s no big deal unless someone makes it one, and then, really, they’re the dickhead. 

Got to learn to turn away and not sweat the little things. There are far bigger worries out there..
I’m going to guess that since the chassis changes in dimension slightly (rear wheels moved out a bit, length and width slightly) it’s not as easy as bolting new panels to the old frame. 

Leaf 2.0s are in production now - that’ll satisfy initial demand and help smooth out production in Tyne and Wear. 

I’m okay waiting a little for a car that doesn’t have silly little issues in manufacturing. I tend to buy the S-models of the iPhone; 5s or 6s, instead of the 5 or 6 - bugs first, then show off.  ;)
This is encouraging - and actually, nearly all I'm currently asking for out or autonomy for my next car (self-parking would be great too). If this can make that stupid commute on the A1 to Amsterdam easier, I'll be all over this in a heartbeat. 
Again, my experience only, but they never budge out or get loose in my eat when I'm doing training or the elliptical/bike. I've used them every day for nearly a year (?..I think) on my daily commute and they've never moved in even in high winds. 
Check to see if there’s an ABN AMRO in your area. Their English online site is excellent (easily lured me away from Rabo) and they have a more consistent attitude towards expats, should you decide to stay. Rabobank is a collection of smaller banks, and I’ve had terrible experiences with the one in Hilversum. 
You might be. Not everything fits everyone - you might just be one of the unlucky ones who they don't fit for. Everyone I know who has them (and I've had them from day-one) love them and won't go back to wired. 
Okay - so they're to blame. 

Technically there are new electric vehicles - some kind of e-Power, their hybrid technology, is rolling out. Not BEVs, sadly. 

https://newsroom.nissan-global.com/releases/release-1fc537356ae3aaf048d0201b770003d6-171024-01-e
Indeed - when they used the same silhouette ad as they did for the Leaf, I was expecting another vehicle. 

Nissan...as much as I love you, you need to stop with the viral messages. You do it badly. 
Didn't we already read his Uncle was the Chief-o-Police in this town? The Facebook page also tries to slander the victim saying it was drug-related, but still offers no press or media coverage to corroborate anything. 

They'll hide in the cooler until the heat's off, then Uncle Dad will probably let them out. 
There's a difference between being slow and ponderous and being dull and boring. I can enjoy the former (BR2049, 2001, Solaris, etc) because it keeps moving along, and each scene gives room for the characters to think and then act, and then off to the next scene. 

It's a hell of a lot better than something that runs at a stupid pace with jumps in logic for the sake of keeping some semblance of structure (I'm looking at you, San Andreas). 
1939 - the only version 
Plot twist: leaves Lightcycle trails...
I dunno - it's on the tip of my tongue.... 
Ah,  but when Amazon does a garbage patent, it’s okay. ಠ_ಠ
[Vauxhall-Opel sold by GM to Peugeot-Citroen](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-39175740) - 6 March 2017 BBC

Also, consider your tone to others and don’t presume it’s bs because you don’t read everything there is to read. This was pretty big news. 
Het Jurisch Loket in Amsterdam. Go there immediately after going to the police and registering a complaint against the landlord

* Address: Vijzelgracht 21-25, 1017 HN Amsterdam [map](https://www.juridischloket.nl/media/1245/het-juridisch-loket-amsterdam.pdf)
* Url: https://www.juridischloket.nl/
* Phone: 0900 8020 (€ 0,25 p/m)
* You can just walk in (Inloopspreekuur) on these days/times and speak to someone:
* * Monday 09.00 - 11.00 uur
* * Tuesday 09.00 - 11.00 uur
* * Wed 09.00 - 11.00 uur
* * Thurs 09.00 - 11.00 uur
So much for git
If anything me thinks this is only about his sexual advances, they’re naïve. This is about his abuse of power over the years; it’s payback, and a warning to others. 
It’s also called monopolizing a market. 
That was last week. Let’s see how it goes. 

Again - I’m waiting before congratulating. When they price electricity in their own stations in the UK based on what 40mpg car would cost relative to the energy ingested, there’s enough room for doubt. 
Zoe doesn’t get enough love here. 
Good catch - it’s a 7w type 2. My mistake - it all seems fast compared to the usual plug. 
I've just installed a ~~rapid charger~~ type 2 - €850, installed, with a 2 year warranty - including the installation. The charge of the service is €0.25/kWh, and if there's a failure in service that's covered by evBox for however long I'm using them. 

Under no circumstances is 2-3x the cost a reasonable relative cost. Also consider that Shell's aren't destination chargers but likely a future station with Starbucks or some other business they'll get a retail rental for. 

You're giving up too much to get the future you want. 
Which is also why I don't immediatly want to congratulate them on narrowing the marketplace for electricity... ;) 
Nope. 

I would expect a stabilisation of prices relative to the market, not outright theft. 2-3 times does not reflect the market reality - it reflects what a big name thinks it can get away with, and unless I don't have any choice, I won't make it part of my routine. 
But there’s also news about how Shell is charging 2-3x the avg kilowatt hour at the stations they’ve installed in the UK. Got to wonder if it’s a way to drive up price. 
> It's not subjective, there's a body of work with which to make judgement on her abilities. My opinion, and the opinion of just about everyone else is her looks were the only thing that got her the work she got.

Which can be bullshit - Hollywood just doesn't give you what you ask for; everyone knows this. Adam Sandler and Bruce Willis make absolute shit, and for years, yet many will still judge them on Punch-Drunk Love and Unbreakable, showing some glimmer of acting within, yet you want to ignore decent tries like Passion Play because she - like others - knows how to cash a check. Somewhat sexist, I'd say. 

> Way to be a reactionary little baby with no comprehension or abstract thought.

Heh - nice way to be the aggressor about limiting a person and then play the victim. 
Whether by physical force or economic threat, those situations forced upon Megan Fox should never have happened. Its exactly equivalent. 
Shitty answer - "talent" is totally subjective. You're hating on her for her looks - do you mean she deserved what she got?
Doesn't it bear repeating if no one else gets it?
Came here to say this - but also that I loved this movie as a kid. 
No mention in this prospectus - just features and outright price
Wow - this is very helpful. Thank you very much!
$19,200 off?!? Freakin' Hell! We can't buy a 2 year-old used leaf for that!
I got the silver one too - but in 2002. Probably cheaper if I waited a year  :D 

But I want the leather seats and Bose - this deal isn't for me. 
Never too late, kind internet stranger. :) 

This was good advice - I think I went in looking too hungry, and now I need to back away a bit. 

The current version of the car I wanted came out with a smaller battery than expected (40kWh vs 60kWh) and only in a €35k early-adoptors package; I'll need to hold back a bit anyway since I really want the leather seats and Bose sound, and it's only 1.5K more. 

This gives me a good strategy to pursue when it comes to actually getting the kind of car I want. 
Blade Runner 2049 needs people pushing it; this movie needs word-of-mouth support. 

With so many useless, CGI-driven films out, people read "visually spectacular" and probably think "pretty but shallow".  It's long, but it's full - you're never waiting, you've always got something there pulling you, testing your reaction. My wife who HATES science fiction loved it, but it took an hour after seeing it to get her asking questions and before you know it we're up discussing it waaay too late on a work night. 

Don't let the industry's reliance on opening weekends decide for you. Push this. 

Okay - and updates for anyone following along. 

Currently the only Leaf you can order is the 2.0 Edition: 

* [Information Sheet (NL)](https://www.dropbox.com/s/1etvd9voglojvbn/TDS%2BNEW%2BLEAF%2B2.ZERO%2BEDITION%2BNLNL.PDF?dl=0)
* 2 colors - black and a metallic green
* [Price Sheet (TL;dr: €34,990)](https://www.dropbox.com/s/3vc9uu4wly4ggfh/Prijslijst-NewNissanLeaf.pdf?dl=0)
* Expected availability: early-mid January 2018

I'm waiting for leather seats & bose sound, so I'll pass on this for now
I bet most cases of antibiotic issue happen in childhood, as a prescribed medication. Finger-pointing and shaming is uncalled for. 
I know he's feeling burned on it, but I hope there's a way back in the future. YouTube's app is useless. 
I want to see what kind of shared link it is - my spidey sense tingles in the direction of AMP. 

If so, fuck no. 

Would that it t'were so simple...

You'll find very often that leadership is often sales-based, with only a vague sense of the requirements involved to maintaining a growing codebase, and that dynamic combined with a dev or two with an ego, can poison the dev cycle a couple ways:

* Under-specified projects, often costed before the development team is discussed. Working at US-based dev group previously, they'd make contracts and deadline before discussing or spec'ing the project with development. Enter the "star" developer who commits to anything to curry favour, and whose single impression of what is required taints the entire dev project. 

* Current employer is a growing startup with a decent product, but they demand new features while the developers beg for time to refactor. Quite often, the salesperson comes directly to the developer and asks a vague question, and when we hear more about it, it is some other unplanned expansion of the system, grander than discussed, and expected immediately (and Sales/CEO will have also taken promises from remote devs without their knowing, so you lose a huge chunk of time). Often sales will have a favourite dev who they go to all the time, cracking the door open further. If the developer pushes back, the sales manager and CEO come walking by, insisting we need this new client for our portfolio. And it happens every fucking week.  I'm leaving that now - often we're give to the end of the day or the beginning of the next to make a change that will impact the project code in unknown ways. The developers aren't working as a team - they're all dispatched to promises, and the technical debt keeps rising. If it's a big enough company, we might have a few days since they can't often turn their ship fast enough either to check changes, but there's never time to fix issues. 

There are other stories - but if the validity and strength of the product isn' the centre focus of the company, rather than how quickly you can sign a contract, it makes for a very thin, unmanageable product. 

I've done this too long - I should have been a house painter. 
I am the 99%

Especially in usage. 
Then you've never worked with remote groups of developers. There's always one ego ruling the roost, and many developer would rather just do the work and follow along. My stand-ups between our European, Ukrainian and Sri Lankan remote groups usually involve a fair amount of "I know how to do it *right*..." from all camps, and should there be integration issues, many of these egos expect the other party to fix it. If that's not preferences acting like technical merit, I don't know what is. 

Edit: This ain't my first rodeo. I've had this experience in every dev job for the past 15+ years where remote dev groups or contractors are involved. There's always going to be a pissing contest and I have to play Scoutmaster as well as scrummaster. Sometimes I just want to go back to making toggle-switches in css...bah. 
RemindMe! 10 October 2017

Actually, a recent study from ~~either a mid-Western US university or one in Scotland (I'mm searching for the source now)~~ The University of Warwick, Coventry and [published in the journal Energy](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0360544217306825) found that batteries were in a BETTER condition using vehicle-to-grid. Much of the speculation a year ago about sustained damage to a battery didn't prove to be true. This contradicts a paper published earlier by a university in Hawaii suggesting the opposite, but without describing the testing process fully. 

The University of Warwick [tested 6 different scenarios for charging and found](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0360544217306825): 

> Profoundly, the results presented in Fig. 10 show that, for the scenario considered, there are circumstances when V2G cycling will extend the lifetime of automotive batteries beyond the reference case, i.e., when there is no V2G. The results indicate that...V2G can reduce CF by approximately 6% and PF by 3% over three months. This is because at higher SOCs the degradation associated with storage is large, see Fig. 3. Furthermore, internal resistance at large and small SOCs is higher, meaning that cycling in these regions result in higher Ohmic heat generation and therefore higher battery temperatures.

Basically, their "[calculations indicated that capacity fade in such vehicles would be reduced by as much 9.1 percent. Power fade would be decreased by up to 12.1 percent](https://www.laboratoryequipment.com/news/2017/06/hooking-electric-cars-grid-could-power-buildings-improve-vehicle-battery-life)".
I just heard from a Dutch dealer that they got a news wire today on our prices, with regional sites and brochures due this week. 
I just wish they'd stop comparing these cars to the old Leaf without even a mention of a new one around the corner. 
Piss off. You know it's true. 
This is Reddit now. Trump-level posting just to give you political capital. 
I get it, but I don’t like watering down the Oreo ideal. 
Interesting packaging tho. 

Don’t forget, we might get your Oreos but not your commercials. We actually have to read the package. 

“Oreo”. 

Okay then. 
Where I come from, these are called "different kinds of cookies". 

An Oreo with a vanilla cookie and lemon filling ain't an Oreo. 
I wish I could give you that guidance: I'm looking forward to my first Leaf as well, a 2018, so I'd advise you to read on the comments below. You're like me, tho - exactly same situation, possibly same charging issue, and I'm chomping at the bit to get my Leaf. 
If there’s a comment card, be sure to let them know this. Enough people doing this will get corporate noticing. 
You sound like the perfect target - if the car is a good deal, I'd not think twice about it. 
Subjective. For me, Plex is an old-school mess. 
It plays a lot without the upgrade, but honestly- developers gotta eat too. Infuse does just get better and better.
Check out Infuse. It plays nearly everything without having to stream or transcode anything. 
Okay - this is valuable info. I appreciate your patience—it’s a few months before I get a new Leaf, and now a trip to Ikea has a better outcome as well. 

EDIT: Yep - just as you said: on the left as I drove into the lower level (2 in use by big Mitubishis). I've always parked on the second level and since I saw none there, I assumed none were to be had. I stand properly corrected...and looking forward to more spots in the future. 
Keep up the good work, is all I can say. 
Not that I don't believe you, but it's just been my experience that I've never seen them (and a constant one too, as I'm newly-wedded and forever wandering around that damn mouse maze of a store...) Of course we're going AGAIN today for different bedroom curtains, so I'll check the Amersfoot location out. Thanks for the heads-up. 
Probably- but I have this stupid, super-massive battery pack already. Just use what I need, and the keychain lays flat enough in the bag. 
Maybe on the bottom level somewhere, but I’ve never seen any spots in Amsterdam or  Amersfoort...still, from the hundreds of spots...4? 
There are none in the Netherlands I know of (Amersfoort, Amsterdam & Haarlem)
Let me guess: Bankok112? Mark Wiens??
FFS. 

It's as "complete" as the other post. Seriously, trolling sucks. 
Indeed - I'm typing at work and should be paying closer attention. 

Well, to one of these things.. 
Nah - I wanted a decent, stable power (no sleeping) so I have a 2100mA battery pack in the bottom of the bag too. 
I also get to breathe. Whee. 
:D 

No. they really do. 
Actually - you'd be surprised. I'm actually trying to wean myself off of a laptop and see if I can do development on an iPad. The iPad can't, of course, run a server itself - but I can connect to a server (the Pi) and develop that way. It's been a learning curve, and once I get the container environment going I'll be able to go headless. It's really a cool testbed. 
No choice. If I had them all on one ring, I'd probably walk in circles. 
;) 
It's the third key ring. Got one for house keys and another for garage/car key/car-opener. This third one is the key to the workplace (you'll note I removed the notches. Not letting anyone in, thankyouverymuch). That's also why it sits in the bag.  ;) 
I should be clear - the Pi0w can pull power from one of the ports (leftmost) so that gets a usb mini to usb cable. The other USB can attach a keyboard or you can go bluetooth, or you an set it up to go ssh. 
But man - friggen lasers! 
Chicks still dig the red. ;)  
But yeah, I plug it into any usb port (mini-usb->usb) and it boots right up. You can pull the card out if you need to edit the network address..the only downside is that I have different SDs for different "home" networks. I don't like to run promiscuously. 
NP! I waffled on and on for years - should have just bought it. It keeps me from carrying too much crap, but plenty to do my work. 
Do they actually work? I've never seen one IRL. 
Yep. Keeps shit out my pockets and I'm not one of those beasts of burden with the backpacks. You always pack too much in a backpack - this keeps me lean and light. 
The "keychain" part is superfluous - I bought it for the excellent aluminium case, for it's ruggedness, heat dissipation and frankly - beauty. The thing lays flat and it's easier to keep track of as a keychain with an extra 32gb USB key. 
I would really recommend it. It's excellent, and far more roomy than you'd expect (I have the medium size). Even with the hysterical import tariff here, it was worth it. 
Excellent! Thanks!

Basically, chicks dig it.   ;) 

Well, the [shoulder bag](https://www.sfbags.com/collections/tablet-bags/products/field-muzetto) is my travel case for work: 13" MBPro, Air 2, assorted adapters and such. it's just another bit-o-hardware...
Depending on the speed of the SD ram card, the Pi0W goes from being a cool toy to a great educational tool and fallback development environment. That SD-RAM speed is crucial to the experience, IMHO, especially when you stick in fast 100MB/s SD card (vs something in the range of 20MB/s - ugh). A Pi0w is great for portability (tiny, low-power but with wifi and bluetooth) but if you want to use a GUI and have a decent desktop experience, go for a Pi model 3. 
Thanks! It's the most fun I've had with a pc in years...
The hard thing is that very often business doesn't understand the need for proper ux from the outset; it just makes development harder and more expensive in the long run. UX, UI and backend development all have different philosophies and make use different viewpoints - which is good, because then you cover something from all sides. I believe I almost think in an opposite fashion from a backend dev; I prefer sass, which makes my compiled css more like witchcraft to javascript folks, still hammering away on a dom.  :D
I'm a front-end dev, and I'd be very happy to run (an albeit slow) Laravel container so I can practice my vue.js skills. I don't need speed, but I'm really excited about trying to develop without a traditional computer, running over the iPad with a combo of Prompt, Textastic and Working Copy...it's getting smoother, but no where near as nice as a decent IDE like VSCode...yet.

My other Pi0Ws are headed for this project - [the MintiPi](http://www.sudomod.com/mintypi-2-0/). I have all the parts finally; now it's a matter of building them. 
It's a really good first design - I'd prefer to have multiple tops, so I could accommodate a hat or something off the GPIO pins, but c'est la vie. Perhaps this is what's holding up PiggiPi on releasing more. 

But for this one, it stays in a zippered section of my shoulder bag, away from rubbish. Pretty safe in there. ;) 
I do - trust me, I do
Nanoleaf is interesting - can it be controlled by more than one iOS device?
Unless you keep them in a pouch in your shoulder bag... ;)  
A mix of things - practice my linux, connect privately to home resources, play the occasional retropie games on whatever monitor available (have one of those old-school 8bit do NES controllers which works). I'm trying now to get a vagrant container to run off of it, so I can make a small, portable development system (really early days - learning about containers as we speak..)
Fair enough - again, I didn't know this wasn't fully open-source, but I do think it's an excellent case and, especially, opportunity. People freak out when I pull out the iPad and Pi, plug in a battery and go to town.. 
I'd contact John@piggipi.com - they've had 2 runs of them and sold out each time. I bet they're developing run 3 soon...

Fair enough - I learned something. 

But still, it's a Raspberry Pi reddit, and a keychain, so that's more applicable than the Beagle-thing. 
I'm sure it must, but I've not had any issues at all. I most often ~~telnet~~ ssh to it using an iPad and Prompt, and it's always been alive and working perfectly. 

Edit: I do ssh, but I wrote telnet. Yeah, I'm old. 
Yeah, it’s coming soon. 

I wasn’t sure which url to post. They did a Kickstarter and then and Indiegogo - they’re both closed and this is the last link provided by them. 

You can see the Indiegogo campaign here: 
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/pi-zero-ali-keychain--2#/updates/all
In response to [another non-Pi thread](http://beagleboard.org/pocket) - let me present my Raspberry Pi Zero W, in an anodised [Pi Zero Ali Keychain by PiggiPi](http://Piggipi.com). Got it a few months back in a Kickstarter; the folks at PiggiPi will likely start selling them soon. 

EDIT: I wasn't clear about why I have this - it's for dragging around in my bag with an iPad - I ssh into it am refreshing my linux skills with it on my daily commute. My goal is to get it running a container with Laravel and Vue  to experiment with coding through the iPad. Kinda, almost already there... damn fun, tho. 
Wow. The difference is like night and day. 

Sorry - I’ll let myself out. 
And if it were equal technology separated by only the battery, the Bolt argument would stick, but it’s not. The Leaf has a lot more tech and is larger, more comfortable car. They’re not equivalents. 
Amazon.de - cheaper than Bol, also now in English. If you've got Prime, 2 day free shipping. 
"..in the initial release". Clickbait headline
Great - now you're wiping your grimy fingers all over the sensor array. 

This is probably why it's forbidden.
I was thinking La Femme Nikita.
My personal reasoning also facets-in screwing the gas station owners, so yeah - not entirely noble.  :D  

Fortunately I'm a bit stubborn, naieve and still very polite, so I'll likely just carry on fighting the good fight - moving is a last-measure. 
Thank you - if I need to go there, I'll be sure to drop you a PM. 
It can happen. In many ways, it's my fault - I'm in IT and everything is English, so I've gotten by quite happily in mijn moedertaal. This is payback time. 
Thank you - I've save this and will use it as a guide. 

I'm currently getting information from EV-Box on the install and billing procedures, so I can guarantee that it won't cost the building one red cent. 
There are a few owners who irritate the board (they lease apartments and tend to have wish-lists when ALVs come around). I tend to vote with most owners, and I think if I can impress upon them that there is no additional cost or accounting for them, and that at worst the electric charges will go down 1 apartments' worth, then it'll pass. My Dutch tho, isn't so great - so this whole process is frustrating and complex.
Ah - I wasn't aware of the politics. Thanks. 
This is as unreasonable as their stalemating. It only propagates myths against EVs. 
No worries - I'm an owner, but I just tossed that out. My board tends to be fair, but I now understand there are other actions against the management company that does our building, so perhaps that's a factor too. 
I'm hoping my will be as reasonable. I think they're more against any kind of paperwork / additional accounting involved. 
> From what OP told us I'm pretty sure the latter is the case

Pretty much - but I will contact them again and if I need to, walk around the building to discuss things with owners (200+ units..pfft) before putting it on the agenda. 
Actually, they both exist, but r/netherlands is predominantly English-language based while r/thenetherlands is Dutch language. I did the former, but still - all good to know! 

I really don't like legal recourse; I was just considering all options since their response was somewhat autocratic and presumably final. Another post here by u/hupple pointed me into a different direction which I'll pursue before considering anything stronger. 
Probably, but if I have to wait 1-2 years before getting one I can't be bothered. 

Also, it's just too expensive. 
I'm traveling now so I can't answer with great detail, but this seems to me the most logical solution. I need to lay the details out before the group and press my case (and yeah, I'm already one of the more friendly people in the building, and don't want to burn bridges). 

Realistically the new Leaf won't be available until Jan - Mar next year, so I'll plan my time wisely (and work in doing it in Dutch)

Thanks very much for the education--it was very much required. 
Could also be that the US Dollar is trading down. I checked the historical trading on Oanda from the longest period possible for free (3/23/17 - 9/15/17) - basically the last 6 months:

* US Dollar => Euro: 0.93 down to 0.83

* US Dollar => Pound: 0.81 down to 0.75

The dollar is just worth less. 


There's no way to do this - they're all frikken local, even though I have bank cards I can use around the world. This escapade is stupid. 
...Physics?
So automatically downvote Speckz  ... so noted. 
As a senior front end dev, that's the most bullshit thing I've read today.  
Honestly, I’m no longer sure what we’re jabbering about. 
But do have a great Sunday!

And this cancels out his statement - how?
Haha!
I’m wondering because the standard isn’t officially released now and it doesn’t make sense to build a new engine and inverter and not put in the newer standard. 
He did, and Nikki From Transport Evolved confirmed it and mentioned it again on a following chat vlog. 

Isn’t this Chademo 3? Our major charging network, Fastned, mentions it also and that it’s the next leap for chargers as a standard, debuting in 2017.. 
Yep, but it is a bit faster now from the videos I’ve seen..anyway, I’ll be in CarPlay for the most part anyway. 
Not to pick on Tesla at all, but I'd guess everyone is looking at this. 

I'm quietly confident that the new Leaf will not have any battery charge issues - as they say, many roads lead to Rome. Charging it half as often is going to make it more of an non-issue (even the current batteries don't have the issues the 2011-2012 systems did). 

Anyway, until we get a dense solid-state battery, it's going to be a game of inches.. 
Well, this seems dumb. 

The headphones and charger fit in your coin pocket - securely. Why would I want them to cling precipitously to the side of a case?
Currently the Leaf and other passively-cooled cars (eGolf, Ionic, Soul, Leaf) have a limit to their DC fast-charging of 50kW max (folks - if I'm wrong, please be specific...that's how we all learn). 

Tesla's use liquid cooling across their battery array to charge at (..i believe?) 120kW, but as I've mentioned before in other posts - the chief problem with batteries is heat, and primarily, internal resistance whilst going through rapid charging cycles. Even though Tesla has higher resistance over the grid of cells, the supercooling keeps the individual cells from developing platelets on the lithium, or dissolution of the anode (typical of extreme heat). GM also uses liquid cooling, but like Tesla it's still restricted by low heat transfer rates due to "[the poor heat transfer characteristics of liquid glycol](http://insideevs.com/bmw-lg-chem-trump-tesla-battery-thermal-management-bower/)".

Nissan learned a lot from some failures of early batteries, and have been constantly redeveloping the battery chemistry, and in that video the Chief Vehicle Engineer mentioned "much lower resistance" in the battery.  Resistance is heat. Lower resistance == less heat generated.

So - if you can lower the resistance and treble the charge rate beyond Tesla, I find that **very** interesting territory. I'm looking forward to knowing more about it before rendering any kind of verdict... There's never only ONE way to do things!

Edit: to soften the wording in the first two paragraphs - was far too deterministic.
Yeah! It amazing how a unibody frame is made - I think I remember reading that no step in the installation process took more than 90 seconds! 
With any luck we’ll see fewer Highlanders parking diagonally across the EV charging bays too. Those things are a curse. 
I’m really interested in the 150kW charging ability - that puts it in very interesting territory. 
ooooh - cool. I think last time I spent nearly €20k and still paid for floor mats. I need to drive a harder bargain.. 
The news about this has been inconsistent. Except for one b-roll vid and a CarPlay shot on the website, all they show is the Nissan UI
There's lots of criticism but hardly any facts. 

2011-2012 cars suffered from degraded batteries, which Nissan then covered for 8 years. It's now the standard warranty, but post-Lizard batteries haven't had the same issues. 

What will make all the difference is going from 24kWh to 40 - less charging, less driving to near-empty and then cycling the battery back to full. If you charge to 80% and recharge again when it's around 25%, you won't have issues. 

Power transfer == heat. 
Heat and batteries == bad. 

But really, we're talking battery temp more than what's outside, unless you live I. Death Valley. 
I'm not going to repeat [Wikipedia's rundown of the Leaf's changes over the years](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nissan_Leaf), but there's been continual advancement and refinement. 

What - the design didn't change fast enough for you? Do have the same feelings about the Volkswagen Golf, BMW Mini or most Porsches? 
Yeah - it's sad to say, but I think it's an ideal second car for a BMW family. I love the bamboo though - I wish other brands would use this grass; its so cheap and environmentally friendly, and it feels and looks great. 
> Yeah, I have heard that you must be extremely careful with these things, but I can asure you I will be driving slowly, so you can feel safe on the road.

Two words: Cruise Control. Get it. Live it. Love it. 

Without that little button, I'd have lost my license years ago. 
It's not about having an opinion - it's about bias through repetition. 

You're incorrect about cold. If you want to be precise, *both* cold and heat cause permanent damage to batteries, either through lithium plating or dissolution of the anodes. 

I maintain that the risk of overheating the battery is not as important as cooling of the battery, or of fully-charging to the point of exhaustion and then recharging it. A larger battery (40kWh) will need to be charged less than 24kWh battery, and as well it will not always need to be charged or discharged fully as your range is greater and your need to charge is less. Even Tesla warns about excessive draining and supercharging.

Here - for your reading pleasure: [Lithium Battery failures](http://www.mpoweruk.com/lithium_failures.htm)
Having had a MG Midget and Triumph Spitfire (however briefly) all I can do is nod.. 
Update: Just got off the phone with the dealer. 

Nissan Netherlands will have pricing and options (colors, packages, etc) in 3-4 weeks. Availability will be known at that point too. 

RemindMe! 3 Oct 2017
Ah, I misunderstood, but a couple of corrections: 

* The current cap on Fastned for all cars are 50kWh. [English page](https://fastned.nl/en/how-it-works) > scroll to "How Fast Can I Charge my Car" and click to check your car's speed
* [Fastned will next jump up to 150kWh max charging](https://fastned.nl/nl/blog/post/the-future-of-fast-charging). 

> Many Fastned stations are already prepared for 150 kW chargers. We have grid connections that support charging four cars simultaneously at 150 kW. Our other stations can easily be upgraded with a larger grid connection as well. More capacity can be added in the future by introducing on-site battery buffering and/or by further increasing the capacity of the grid connections. The layout of our stations is already designed for maximum throughput of cars.
>
> We expect to install the first 150 kW chargers at Fastned stations in 2017, depending on introductions of cars with 150 kW capability by the car makers and the availability of these high powered chargers.

Edit: And [Transport Evolved just confirmed with Nissan's Chief Vehicle Engineer](https://youtu.be/TQBupeHVJwA) that the new Leaf will support charging up to 150kW, supporting the new chademo standard. yee hah!
I was searching for this reply. Sorry - we *are* old, but that movie was great. 
I swear - the Guardian stopped being a liberal bastion and just seems to be a counter-argument, click-bait bastard instead. 
[Fastned has DC Fast Charge stations all over](https://fastned.nl/en/how-it-works)
Yep - dead-center in t'Gooi. Amazing how few EVs there are here, aside from the usual Model S. 
1) Probably better - I can learn from that. 

2) That's the photo provided from Nissan on the website. I linked to it directly. 

3) It's not well known - no one knew about Android Auto or CarPlay before the launch and it barely got covered. I watched the video launch and it flickered by without nary a mention - all the other screen shots were of the Nissan UI. 

4) You seem like an easily insulted, fairly angry person. Good luck with that. 

I really liked the i3, and I was very hung-ho on getting back into a BMW (i drove a 2002 in the...um, a while ago). But the utility of the shallow trunk, the tiny frunk and the huge cost (>€50K for the range extended edition - NL) overwhelmed my sensibilities. 
As I get older, many of my friends in the US have moved to warmer regions like Florida. I don't understand that - wouldn't they keep longer in a closer climate?
Yeah, but the thing is - how much is too much? 

Also the Leaf battery issues are pretty much a combo of pre-Lizard batteries, before the warming of the battery chamber and thermal stress because the 24Kwh battery is so small (full-charge, full-discharge, repeated DC charging). 

Anyway - why carry around a bigger, heavier battery pack if it's not going to be of use? It'll only impact the daily drive, and for me that's around 60km, total - and from what I read that's a pretty average drive for most folks. 

Minor Rant: You don't hear about these issues in the later 30Kwh versions, and I suspect the 40Kwh battery will only further show that the 24kWh was a bit too small for a full-service car. For a lot of people who didn't max-out their cars this hasn't been the case, and Nissan has been pretty good about replacing batteries at their cost. A little credit where credit's due.

Not trying to argue, but I just really hate repeating a thing without knowing more about about the underlying causes and whether the current state is the same. Nissan's gone a long way since those early cars - does every conversation need to begin with what could be not genuinely true?
hey batta, hey batta... no reason..   ;) 
You're not from Boston, are you?  ;)
Also don't forget completely charging and depleting the battery - this is even worse. You should get used to charging to 80% and then discharge to no more than 30%-20%. That will keep the battery from basically eating itself. 
I wish this would stop getting repeated like its the Bible (all belief, no proof). 

The issues predominantly affected first-gen cars. The second-gen Lizard batteries have better thermal resistance and the battery system is managed (heated) for really cold climates where loss is more likely. 

With a larger battery, they'll be fewer charges required (and less DC charging) so less thermal stress on the battery, something the pro-Tesla group somehow forget to mention. 
Pfft. Not sure - but I know from a recent i3 (2018) review they noted the front trunk was intended to carry the cables. So there's that. 
Helps, possibly, but unless you're doing 2-3 fast-charges in a row it'll not be an issue. 
The theory won't be borne out for a year or two, I think - I'd suggest that the drop is basically ignorance on the public, in that location, and over time it will change. 

For instance, everyone quotes crazy prices for i3's. Here - the Netherlands - you can get an i3 starting at [€21K but they're at least 3+ years old and have 80K-90K Km on the clock](http://www.autotrader.nl/auto/bmw-i3/?zoekopdracht=sorteer-op-prijsvolgorde-en-prijs). 

Same with the Leaf - maybe you can get a 2011-12 model with 50K for under €10K, but that's a leased battery. [Inclusive battery, 2012-2013 upwards are €14-16K, and more,](http://www.autotrader.nl/auto/bmw-i3/?zoekopdracht=sorteer-op-prijsvolgorde-en-prijs) but again some really high milage and not a great deal like the $7000 car everyone talks about. 

And why? We don't get cash off - we get a cut on taxes, which makes them attractive. PHEVs no longer have that access, so people now are moving to BEVs. Plus, we're averaging €1.55/litre for petrol. BEVs are becoming the smart money option for many. 

If you can get a $17K i3, more power to you. We never had those deals...I think they're going to dry up once people really get hooked on EVs. 
Geez. Still learning...but it's 7, not 3
Exactly. Plus - it's just a battery. It's DC into an inverter. In 10-15 years, you might go down to the Pep Boys and have them replace your old lithium battery with a new, smaller, lighter solid-state battery. 

I've got it in my head now - get out of ICE as fast as possible and go BEV, and drive it as long as possible. The sooner I buy in, the sooner I'll start saving on the long run. 
I have a feeling it may not go that cheap, so quickly. Unless there's a revolution in car batteries around the corner, I think those low-ball deals are a bubble. 

Teslas hold their value because the larger battery makes you feel safe from range anxiety (and free charging, but the Model 3 won't have this so let's remove it from the equation). The other end of the scale are econoboxes with around 80-100 miles of range, which is just too little for the great majority to feel safe. That's why they're cheap - not battery worry, but range. 

The new Leaf falls right in the middle - sufficient range for realistically 95% of the driving for most people. With more confidence, that second car will get used more often, and it will become more sought after, and when gas prices rise as they inevitably will, it will be the primary car. I don't think a 400km car will be so cheap in the future. 

Then, compared to a Tesla, the Leaf becomes a more logical sell. Less expensive to buy, especially if you want all the doodads, and less expensive to own than ICE cars. 

I do think, 150-160 miles is a sweet spot, and the Leaf makes a perfect entry vehicle for using it as the primary drive. 
> Zoe Gen2 is getting CCS

The Zoe is severely limited in AC charge speed and really needs DC fast-charging. The Leaf is fine. 

Heating, not cooling I think - please correct me if I'm wrong. 

Everyone's harping about cooling; I presume they live in a desert somewhere. 
Of course they had no information, but when I get prices and other information, I'll plop it here. 
Agreed with the last point - but 160 miles a charge is really quite a lot for many, many people. 

I'm replacing my ICE Ford with a new Leaf. Already went to the dealer. 

I think for this to work, we have to be all in or out - tiptoeing will only delay the inevitable (and make it more expensive to boot). I want to start saving on energy and repair costs from today. 
We've got plenty of fast-chargers here in the Netherlands (and Norway, Sweden, France, more coming - watch this space). 

Did you know there's only 2 Tesla Supercharger stations in our country - Amsterdam and Breda, with another coming to Hoorn by year's end. We have dozens of DC fast chargers tho. Supercharging isn't a thing here - people charge their tesla at home. 

Edit: Changed "hundreds" to "dozens" - we'll have hundreds in a year or two as Total and [Shell stations](https://electrek.co/2017/07/17/shell-ev-fast-charging-station-allego-gas-stations/) are re-fit for DC fast charging. 
On your points: 

* The reviews all talk about a wider, lower ride - more grip, less sway, but not overtightened like the i3. Gone is the top-heavy sway, it's supposedly very responsive. 
* ...let's come back to 2
* Right now estimates are 150-165, so 160 is very likely spot-on. 
* It has emergency auto-brake! According to Nikki at TEN, if you mistakenly press the gas instead of the break you won't crash into a store window or out the garage; the car just won't do it. 

On 2 - I've driven a few EVs on weekend trips (ahem, extended test-drives) and I thought a lot about my experience with the Zoe ZE40 vs the Leaf (30kWh). With the larger battery and longer range, and given that it's most-always going to be charged normally, not DC fast charged, I'm not sure it's an issue. Everyone uses the original Leaf as an example, but realistically - that was then. The battery formulations have improved, you're charging it up perhaps HALF as often because it's a bigger battery... unless you live in the desert where it's always hot, it's likely never going to be any issue. And now with vehicle to grid, that's supposed to help maintain a perfect battery. Plus, the 8-year warranty. 

I think it's a fear we have to put to rest. 
It's [385km in the European scale](https://www.nissan.nl/voertuigen/nieuw/leaf-2018.html), although I think that's pending
Possibly as much as it annoys me that everyone acts like they're an expert. 

If we're a bit more forgiving, we can all learn a lot more, and faster. 
With a longer-range battery, probably not needed. 
> i2 have a frunk

FTFY.. 
i3 has a frunk. 
Thank you! I've been making my poor wife suffer over every possible EV review video on YouTube for a year now, so today she's already messaged me, asking if I put my order in.  ;)  I did go to the local dealer and - hopefully - I'll be the first person in my little part of the Netherlands to have one when they're available later (probably December or January they think). 

She might have suggested it just to have a moment of peace. Whoops. 
There is a $200 cargo organiser that raises the floor and gives you storage containers below. The subwoofer integrates next to it. 
We get a 7kWh charger here in the Netherlands
In all seriousness - is this really an issue? 
I looked at the Zoe seriously - I think what swayed me was that, for the money, all I was getting was a Clio with a battery: I missed the better laterally-supported seats, the split rear bench, hated the narrow width, as you said. Everything I wanted looking at the Zoe is fulfilled in the new Leaf. 
GGDisney


It's fixed all right… It's the subwoofer
I'm not saying it's not. But it's not a car people are going to buy at the base model, and it shouldn't be compared that way. That's just misleading 
It should barely make it with two charges, presuming I charged the first round at home. That's assuming the range is as low as 150-165 miles. In that last stretch, I probably only need to stop for 15 minutes to do a quick top-up. 

That said, I also get free charging for 2 years in the Netherlands, so I could use a fast charger before leaving into Belgium, and top up then. 

Either way, the odd occasion of having to go that far does not constitute my having to buy a bigger, heavier vehicle and drive that around daily. I maybe go all of 50 km a day. 

I don't want to overbuy because of the exception, not the actual way I use it
As was I but I think that's more about my anxiety of buying my first BEV than anything else. I checked a map, and the longest drive I've done recently is Amsterdam to Paris (510km) and in the Leaf I'd have to stop once for a charge. I had to do the same in my ICE car, and have a bite, and a stretch, and pee, etc. 

I think 400km* will do me fine. 
As do I: 

* 70 extra miles - true
* Better styling - Subjective. I really need a proper hatchback.
* Supercharging - BFD. Where I live, there's 1 supercharger site in Amsterdam, 1 coming in Hoorn. I can get DC fast charging in dozens of locations all over the country via FastNed, and all of Europe. 
* Also, supercharging ain't free. 
* Looks like the interior of the Leaf is unique too! Possibly better made, from what I read from Tesla owners...
* Better Technology? Gwan, pull the other one. That costs another 10K. 
* The real McGuffin - 5K more. For a base car, no options, no autonomy, and only in fucking black.

Don't get me wrong - the Model 3 is a really nice car, but it's in no way a 35K car - if you're being honest, it's more like 40K-62K, depending on options. I can get a fully-specc'd Leaf for less than 40K. 

In red. 


Interesting - got down voted for CarPlay.. 
Disney doesn't have a power plug?
I'm using an Air 2 and a 53 Pencil stylus, which works great in they app but is not terribly accurate in anything else. But with near infinite zoom on Affinity Paint, it's not an issue.  

I'll likely hold out a year to see how the new iPhone affects the next iPad, but this works fine for now. 
Yep - range, not power. 

edit: Pardon me pls - I'm just learning the nomenclature.
I actually do most of my photo retouching now on an iPad and stylus, and using Affinity Photo. It's note-for-note the desktop app and I prefer the tablet format for this kind of work. 

That said, I do still use it on the Mac, and Acorn as well (bought before Affinity). Many apps can do what Pixelmator can now, but I want a better, functional UI. 
Overcast synchronizes over devices 
I'm hoping for >40kw ... 50 &amp; 60 kw versions would be great, making it the best machine for any price class. 

I can wait until early '18 if I need to, just give me enough range to remove it from my mind. 
I'm guessing Affinity might be speaking at the next Apple event. I personally left Pixelmator for Affinity Photo
True... I guess I just needed to vent. Pffft. 
> The series, aimed at an adult audience, will feature voice acting from Abbi Jacobson, Eric Andre and Nat Faxon.

...aaand, I read that last name as Fat Nixon. 
Actually I don't think you said any of that. 

You directly inferred that they shared your data. [They do not](https://cure53.de/summary-report_tunnelbear.pdf).
[TunnelBear Completes Industry-First Consumer VPN Public Security Audit](https://www.tunnelbear.com/blog/tunnelbear_public_security_audit/)
I routinely submit corrections through Maps (NL) and they always get fixed, and often within a few days. I supply all the info too (new address and number, of closed and when). 
Newsmax. 
What they want is the bully-pulpit. I have a family member who is the perfect Trump supporter...either our way, or we burn the house down. Much as I love them, I'd sooner see them in jail than playing anarchist games. 
So FedEx screws up and Apple does something good, and you do....what? 

I'm tired of blaming Trump for the way the wold sucks. Now I'm blaming you. 
...bingo!

HI!
Yep. If it is, then I might pass on  the existing platform, I'll likely just buy a  recently-dumped late-model 30Kw leaf and wait it out. 

Edit: Spellink an gwammar 
So for those of us not in CA, what does this do?
How you drive and how you charge is probably more important. Evidence - Tesla Bjorn just got the bad news that after "driving like I stole the car," his [model X now has somewhere betwee 7.5—11% loss.](https://youtu.be/F3tF0i98MpI?t=9m29s) - I think it's the lower number, but it's cautionary watching the guy remind Bjorn more than once that it's not so much the trailer as it is the heavy foot. In any event, having a Tesla isn't a "get-out-of-jail-free" card when it come to the physics of batteries. 
So sick of this passive-aggressive way of complaining. Either like it or not, but stop trying to weasel a group sentiment before deciding something for yourself.  

Edit: *sigh* - it's not personal, but honestly Reddit - is it so hard to have your own opinion?
So buy an electric car and save some money, but don't even try to touch bike transport here. As a 37-year veteran of living in the US, my last 20+ years here on bike have been blissful. 
Yeah - they need to pay for a banner ad like everyone else. 
It might be their first time, but isn’t this the third repost in the last week?
I’m still holding out hope until the 5th...
If this is true, and the 2018 is only a refresh with the same power system, then it's going to be disappointing. Looks like I'll need to get online for a Volt then... 
Consider buying a microphone for your smart home videos. 
Problem is, if its repeated enough, it becomes more than “just a joke”. 
This is how cults start. 
I'm hoping all these little leaks are just to build interest - it'd be great to see a diverse platform of options in the new Leaf, like multiple battery levels for different user cases. 
Sauce**
Ah, children. I see - this is sarcasm. Hm. Please move along. I have. 
Since when is a circle-jerk funny?
Quite true, but if you want to truly integrate outside of the more metropolitan centres and expand your network beyond expats, Dutch is required. Otherwise it’ll always be people accommodating you, and that makes things awkward. 
You realize they’re not funny, right?
If you're trying to legitimize this by bringing in a false equivalency, don't bother. 
As an EU citizen, your entry will be easier than many but you still should:

* Register in the town assp. My wife is Indo and sorting everything out was easiest once she was in the system

* While there, if you drive, inquire to see what's involved in transferring to a Dutch rijbewijs. I got a different answer the 3 times I tried to process it. 

* Also inquire about a BSN number - as an EU citizen it may not be important but you might need it for banking and insurance (certainly for any kind of work)

* Health insurance - get this and get registered at a local doctors office in your area. Dental is now available in many packages - this was out of pocket for years. 

* if you're moving to the Randstad area, English is quite commonly used. Dutch is far better, of course. You should be fine. In the North or East, good Dutch will be necessary. 

Can't believe that's new to me. Thank you, kind stranger, for a laugh mid-commute. 
I don't know you - I'm talking about him. Perhaps if "your generation" looked at history as much as your Twitter feed, you'd understand why people say this. The more you look at the past, the more likely you'll see the future. 

Playing this like a team sport is just stupid. Have you never heard of "divide and conquer"?
You realize the universe is *more* than just the literal, right?
We do - fit for Americans, not nazis. 

Like the other poster said, don't bring that shit here. 
Possibly-didn't have the time to test it otherwise. 
Yep - was cool until I resized the view. Haven't see a page chunk like that in a while..
The struggle is real.   :)
Another week. 
Another leak. 
Nissan marketing department at work. 
Looks like an 80s "Starsky & Hutch"-mobile
> See, my first two cars as a grown-up were a 2004 and a 2006 Pontiac GTO

What? Sorry...did you actually say "grown-up"?
Gee Electrek - thanks for the heads up and summation of everything we already know. I have bio idea how I would have gotten through my day without it...  /s

Please get back to us when you actually have news to share. 
I'm holding out hope that the 40Kw version that was outed recently is the lowest-end S/Visia model, with the higher-end versions getting a shot at a larger battery. 

That's the single-most important issue for me: range. People with EVs often argue that it's not that important for day-to-day driving, but for me to make the leap from ICE, I need a decent, reliable, non-NDEC-BS range. If there ws a 60Kw model, I'd buy it in a heartbeat. 

If it's just 40Kw though, I'll and start by saving money by taking a good used Leaf with a 30Kw battery as cheap as I can and ride out the wave of changes to hit in the next 5 years. 
Well, that is cheating :) the very first location was at the Ferdinand Bolstraat. I've got Dutch friends in A'dam who didn't know that...
Bonus points if you know why it's named FEBO
How far do you cook the chicken? I've tried to do sliced chicken before but they always are tough after a defrost and reheat..
I'm hoping it's the lowest end version, equivalent to the current 24kw S model. I'd be all over top-end model in a heartbeat with a 50-60kw battery, but @ 40 I'd probably just buy a decent high-end 2016. 

Otherwise, I'm a bit disappointed at the specs. Fingers-crossed for the 6th. 

(edited: removed NA-centric labeling and added hopes and dreams of a better tomorrow)
I don't think it's fanboyish to think this. We need leaders and people who will do the right thing for *all* citizens. Tim Cook is an exemplary leader in this regard. 
“curation” == “marketing shill”
I’m hoping as energy densities increase, that battery replacements from third parties become more practical. It’ll probably take solid state batteries to do so
They misspelt "plug". 

...aaah, I dunno.
Are you sure it's not a really tiny acoustic coupler?   /s

Saw the thumb and took the wabac to the 1970s.. 
I understand this is built in conjunction/cahoots with GM. 
Normally, I'd agree but the new Micra - the freakin' Micra - now has CarPlay. Still keeping fingers-crossed. 
Shucks. 
No worries!

...and now we return to our regularly scheduled reddit. 
I'm hoping so. 

I had also looked at the Zoe and that system uses an older version of the Renault control system. With v2 systems like on the Megane, released in 2016, it is available. There was a bit of a kerfuffle in the Renault boards about a new 2017 Zoe and no facility for AC/AA since they use lower-level electronics in it. 

And so now I'm looking at the Leaf...
> probably start here and eventually move to London after 1-3 years, but if possible

Brexit might have something to say about that. 

Currently, there's quite a bit of confusion as to immigration policy, including EU citizens in England. Don't forget - the US doesn't enjoy the same benefits as EU people (currently), so you'd have to go through an immigration process twice - once for here, and once for the UK. 

That said, the Netherlands has a [30% tax benefit](https://www.expatica.com/nl/finance/Tax-exemption-Dutch-30-percent-ruling-explained_101641.html) available to people relocating to the Netherlands. It's a little complicated - you need to have a ability that is scare in the Netherlands - but many IT firms use it as a recruiting tool, so keep it in mind. 

Plus, if you work in the triangle called the Randstad  - (Utrecht, Amsterdam, Rotterdam) - English as a working language will be fine, especially in IT. It always is beneficial to learn the language tho, and Dutch can be a bit of an uphill climb, but at least the Dutch social system is seemingly much fairer than that of the UK (at least from what I can glean from the BBC). 
Yeah - they learned stupid people click links. 
Evaluating your own choices by public perception is stupid. Be your own man. 
LG Chem doesn't make anything but thermally-managed batteries. Let's wait and see.. 
I was already shooting for the best-value middle model - but I really want to believe there'll be something more than a 40kW battery. 
Data analytics will get you farther. If you want to do this, you should. 
Just as easy. Amsterdam is expensive. 
Is it me or is it just a tinier Smart for two clone?
Chademo and ac are everywhere. 
I’ll wait to hear about larger batteries but this is the kind of car what I’ve been waiting for. I dropped my model 3 order because of the wait - this fits the bill nicely. 
If you’re in IT, like an Angular or iOS/Android developer, you can do well. 
No, it’s about preconceptions and biases. 

But shouldn’t we compare cars on their abilities instead of what one thinks design should be? Clearly that’s subjective. I’m American and lived in the US for over 30 years before moving to Europe. Whenever I come back to see family, I’m struck by how ugly and backward-thinking the cars are (again, my opinion). It’s like the US just has a bunch of trucks and Starsky-&-Hutch sedans with more rounded edges. But again, it’s all subjective—I love a hot hatch, something hard to drive in the oversized  traffic of LA. 
I moved here from Denver, pre-Euro; it's expensive but from roads to schools to healthcare, it's been worth it all. 
Amsterdam here - dead easy to eat that in euros daily. 
Opens page. 

Sees tight column (676px) and 2000s-era mobile template. 

Closes page. 
Perhaps because this is all subjective and shouldn't be a way to rate the efficacy of one car over another. 
I thought they were getting batteries from LG Chem? I expect there'll also be different guidance from the manufacturer on how to maintain them.
Same here - and I need a proper hatchback with split rear seats. A trunk door doesn't cut it anymore. 
...that's what I'm counting on. 
I'm with you on the lack of trust with VW group. My first car was a 5-year-old '73 (I got it in '78) and I put nearly 310K miles on it before replacing it with a mid-eighties Golf. After about 45K I needed to redo the CV boots. At 90K miles it was boots again and leaks from from the lower-pan gasket and power steering. I sold that and after a few years of romance with an Fiat convertible, I went back for a mid-90s Jetta III model and, 35K in, cv boots. 

I'm not a fast driver. Never had a speeding ticket, always lock into the limit with the cruise control..it's like my grandma's soul takes over when I'm behind the wheel. Yet even for a dealer-serviced car, the VWs were terrible in reliability. 

I moved to Europe and after a few years ending up buying a 2002 Ford Fiesta new and it's never had a lick of trouble compared to the VWs. I still have it, and since the idiots at Ford have lost the plot I'm now leaning heavily towards the new Leaf. 

But a new VW, on an untested, new platform? Not bloody likely. 
Thank you for the very thorough comment. As a native English speaker, I'm looking at UK and US experiences for guidance and the process seemed more complicated. 

So just now to look for the best energy company. :) thanks again. 
He was the perfect Yeager. 
As an American, you should try listening to Brits speak like us. Nasal, noo-yawk accents abound. 

I've heard that British tint from several Dutch friends, and they tell me it comes mostly from their schooling, and mostly from the teachers own accent. Although the US TV explanation is also a consideration, it teaches you only a west-coastal, neutered accent. 
They're ignoring that when electric cars come, the issue will become noise pollution as much as air pollution. 
Whoa. I paid €16; what a bargain 
By “Top Gear”, I believe you mean Clarkson. May always seemed  to like them, and Rory is an absolute fan.
I really wish I could have seen *that* in the cinema. Hopefully it does better. 

I remember being in Denver when The Fifth Element came out and I literally had to drag friends to the movies to get them to see it (I had already gone and had mind-blown..).  Getting people to consider seeing it was pulling fucking teeth. 
Saw the same thing today - lots of fun. Could have used a little less Rihanna, but can't we all? 
Shouldn't be loose - that's a problem. It should snap down in place with a gasket to seal the lighting port. Speak to the company if you can't return it. 
It's like NASCAR. Some guys like to watch that shit. 
Then if you can't responsibly park in a charging station, don't. 
Yep - the Leaf is larger than the car it (...might be) replacing, my 2002 Ford Fiesta. Ideally, I'd prefer a Fiesta-sized car, and the Zoe has that mostly covered, but - the Leaf has the 1-pedal driving, ProPilot, split-rear seats... those are the things I really want in my next car. And no stupid seatbelt dangling from the ceiling behind my head, dammit. Size is a relative thing - my wife and I are childless, but then again the people we do drive around with people, they are adults. Tall, Dutch ones, at that. 

We did prefer the styling of the Zoe console to the button-light fetish of the old Leaf. That Leaf was, IMHO, just an ugly merge of old dials and blinky-lights. That's the same issue I have with the pretty-decent Ioniq...I love Zoe's clean dash and focused centre panel. I don't like where they stuck the seat warmers, but it's clearly an afterthought. 

The photos I saw of the new Leaf gave me hope that it's the perfect balance between the two - enough controls to keep it familiar, but not instrumentation overload. 

Ah, but we're trailing off topic now.. ;) 
Series 0 - On my wrist at 6am, now @ 17-ish (about 11 hours later) just around 70%. This is a really nice surprise!

I also get the idea the motion detection is more accurate. My Move and Exercise circles seem to more accurately match the levels of my activity..  
Oh, I don't have any issues with what's technically a city car; it's just good to mention it in the conversation as many people might go to the link, look at the vehicle and make a determination on sight alone. 

I recall driving one of the first-gen Smart 2-doors (I presume the e.Go's main competitor), going down the A1 from Amsterdam to Den Bosch in a strong head wind...the little thing buffeted and bounced so much I worried that should I hit a pothole I might skip off into the atmosphere.  ;)  

Even so, it's a damn fun car to drive and it's perfect for cities, country roads and even the occasional jaunt on a short stretch of highway (the modern 2dr is a bit better). I've heard stories of people driving them to skiing in the Alps, and seen the electric versions fly down the german autobahn. More power to you; they're better drivers than me. 

City cars are entirely valid - if you can take a train when you need to or if it's your second car. They're probably going to do most of the driving around your town, to the grocery, Ikea sundays, etc. 

I'm just still waiting for the *right balance* in a compact electric car. Hopefully the new Leaf...
I get it's a city car competitor for the Smart 2-door, but 130-140km ndec range? Real world, maybe 80-100km.. too little!
This became an issue for me once they were bought by Google. Increasingly, I have removed myself from their services. Nonetheless, Apple Maps have been perfectly fine in my use, so I don't look anywhere else. 
Wow - 20-30fps would be more than sufficient for my needs. Have you followed any particular software guide? I'm using a SanDisk that supposedly does 90MBs/in-out
How far did you get? I've a Zero W and the Pi camera, but I'd only been able to [get 1 frame a second at best using this tutorial here](https://pimylifeup.com/raspberry-pi-webcam-server/). Plus it's only 640x400 and rotated 90-degrees to the left.  :| 

I'm thinking this is maybe slow because it's being buffered to the sdram card? If I could see it stream from the camera directly that might be faster, but I'm not sure its possible (no tutes for newbs like moi)
I've not done this for decades - the last thing I soldered was an Altair kit computer - and it fried hours later. Fingers crossed!

(Wow - downvoted for messing up a build 30 years ago - that has to be a record.)
Through [the Sudomod forums](http://www.sudomod.com/forum/viewforum.php?f=33)
Well, I now need to buy a soldering iron, extra hands, silicone wrapped-wire, so you might be closer to the mark.  ;) 

The kits themselves, tho, not too expensive. It's the lifestyle that gets you. 
> PLUS the DNC murdering people

And that's where you tip your hat. Nice try, Mr. Alt-News. 
Thanks for your opinion, marketing major.
Apple Maps, in my experience, offers you 3 different paths to your direction. It defaults to the easiest one, based on time and the number of steps, but you can easily choose others. 
Google has sent me down one-way roads the wrong way, directed me towards freeway off-ramps that no longer exist and has taken me down a series of back-alleys to arrive at my restaurant - the back of the restaurant, not the front. 

So what's your point? You got bad directions? They all give bad directions. 
Let me save you the click: Browserstack advert on twitter. 
No! Not the bore worms!
Bought 2 kits - closer to $90 each
Apple implements major system changes over time. Odds are, it'll come sooner than you think. 

What I want is Mac's Columns-view in the File Manager!
> Regardless of how Time Lords view sexuality or gender or whatever, The Doctor has always been presented as male. 

You decided to frame the debate from he first sentence but stopped too soon. Clearly, the Doctor has always been a white male. An older white male with straight, white hair. And he's English and grumpy, often preferring alien life to that of the Earthlings he's co-habitating with (and often deriding). 

Until he's not. 

Until he's a more gentle, grandfatherly type with dark hair and far more patience and understanding, and a bit of clownish buffoonery mixed in, to soften the brusk edges. 

Until he's not. 

Until he's a dapper, dandyish Action Man (although flowy white hair is back..) who's nobody's fool and is ready to charge in and stop any alien incursion. 

Until he's not. 

Until he's now middle-aged, googley-eyed and eccentric, no longer clownish (though there was that pagliacci outfit in the beginning..) but also far more wise, patient and less likely to blow a race to smithereens without thinking it through. Shhhh! Care for a Jelly Baby? And he now has brown hair - big, curly, wacky brown hair. 

Except when he doesn't. 

Except when he's young, far too old and young, and with blond hair and celery and is all crickety.  He's almost more human than the humans, far more compassionate and ..then, he's not. He's cranky, harlequin-clad and tries to strangle you in the Tardis. Or he's in WW2 dressed like a u-boat commander. Or he's romantic, over and over. And Scottish. A few times. 

...Are you getting it yet? 

The Doctor is constantly reimagined. There's a new actor, with new directions and new opportunities. Doctor Who is endless. 

The only failure or lack of imagination is in those who try define the role. That's a fatal mistake. 
And as the only arbiter of the truth, you do delight in calling others foolish. 

Of course you've revealed your politics, through intemperance and hostility towards others. You see only what you care to see, and anything else is naive and false facts and suppositions. To validate it, you wrap it all up in a nice little bow you refer to as  "the truth". 

I genuinely pity people like you. Good luck in your paranoia. 
I bet we derive our "research" from different sources. Thank you, but your politics and cynicism doesn't allow me to have a cogent conversation here, so I'll step aside. 
SJW is a code word for [sexist/racist baiters](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=SJW). Don't feed the trolls. 
Wow. Maybe adjust your tin foil hat - it's interfering with your own reality distortion field. 
> I am not meant to sound sexist but the doctor is a man

Too late. 

We've already understood that sexuality is fluid and not important to Time Lords (heck - Cap'n Jack flirting with Nine drove home that point before it was even expressly said). And last time I checked a dictionary, there was no masculine or feminine form of the word "doctor". 

If you're of the opinion only a man can be the Doctor, then it's your interpretation - not canon. This is your body politic and no one else. 
When I get the app...  ;)

Actually it's pretty open plan up front, with living room, kitchen and dining area all together. You just need to stay away from the walls. 
Try to get square furniture in this arced space - the fight is real
Nope - it's 1/2 of the corner of an apartment block that sits at the junction of 2 streets. 10 meter rounded glass face, all the rooms up front and a hallway to the  door and the other apartments. 
As a person with an open plan apartment basically shaped like a slice of pizza, I WANT THIS! 

And this is the centre of your fallacy. 

Which makes it easy for people who think like you - you get to blame everyone and take no action yourself. 
Which is why I pay for Apple services instead of being a data whore for Google. 
If you think "one has slightly better PR on privacy" is legitimate, then I won't even bother trying to debate the difference with you. 

I've not been giving Google anything but junk data for years, and I've happily left Maps behind. You go your way, I'll go mine. 
Perhaps I just choose simpler routes, very A=>B. Or perhaps I live in The Netherlands where the roads around cities are circular and I'm not making time an issue
Apple Maps only. Works perfectly well for me
> Honest question but what do you have to hide that you don't trust with google? It's just periodic location data, not your incognito browsing history...

It's also none of their damn business. I don't need to "hide" anything -- they don't have a right to demand it. 
Np - enjoy!
Because the scan is likely a 3D model they can apply to any video captured, anywhere. 
He also didn’t say what he was charging...

It’s a 5-port usb hub/charger. I’m finding everything I pack these days is usb-chargeable: computers, headset, phone. watch, tablet.. this little guy packs easily and plugs-in worldwide, which ended up being a lot easier than packing chargers.. 
> ...I’m close to considering an Android based device for my next phone (and I’ve had iPhones since the original), because of Apple refusing to try and play nice with others. 

Don't let the door hit you on the way out. 
This time. next time, the male co-star is doing to expect the studio to pay the same or compensate him more. 
I finally (finally!) removed and reformatted my ageing iMac and removed all that CS4 cruft - can't believe I was running Java for that app. My Mac is a fair whack faster now and between Pixelmator, Acorn and Sketch, I'm covered. 
You want to know how to ditch Adobe? 

You just ditch Adobe. 
My .me address still works, but then I'm using it as an alias for my .mac account. Might be good enough for the task. 
Trolls always be trolling 
Um, US citizen here, visited Singapore several times on vacation. Never even asked such a thing - it's nonsense. 
Ooooh...this is nice. I'm really liking what I see in the new Leaf. Although the drip-drip-drip of leaks is driving me nuts.. 
Check your local expat shop - here in Hilversum there's a great one - [Linda's Little Britain](http://lindaslittlebritain.nl) - and they almost always have chockies in stock. They even do meats, pies and those wonderful Sainsbury veggie burgers... 
By "mini-trailer" you mean "tv commercial". 
By "discuss" I'm sure they mean "plan".

China and Russia forming a pact, while our government spends its time dismantling offices and programs it doesn't know or care about. 

All this stinks to high hell. 
I'm not a fan of cheap USB chargers; there's no point in saving a few bucks to buy a poorly-made knockoff when you can buy something decent. I travel with a tablet, mobile phone, watch, plus the wife's phone and tablet...not going to take 5 chargers!

Picked up an [Anker 5-port 40W charger](https://www.anker.com/products/A2124112) - Input :AC 100-240V
USB Output :5V / 8A (total) / $24US - it's smaller than a pack of cards, light, robust and high-speed. Electronics are as good and safe as Apple's, and like Apple it's world-power compatible. We travel with the right cable because cables are easy to pack and give you an extra meter length from an outlet. 
Too thick and heavy. Done Thailand for weeks to months on end, and for nearly a decade - probably wore jeans twice. 

It's good to look a bit smart at bars or rooftop terraces, but go with a lightweight cloth or chino - but not jeans. 
Absolutely love my RAGGEDedge mini carbon fiber wallet. Got one at least 10 years old but bought a second just for the RFID blocking. 

I can squeeze upwards of 8-10 cards and there's room for junk in the pocket. Lightweight sailcloth, tough as nails, perfect for front pockets. All made by hand and In the US. 

They have a [great online wallet builder too](https://www.raggededgegear.com/index.php/design-your-own-wallet.html)
Yup - op missed the point entirely. These one-bag posts are full of expensive cashmere clothes, Japanese washcloths, multiple cameras and super selfie setups. 
Anti-consumerism? Hah! This is pro-consumerism, but not mass consumption. 
Because fixing it also triggers a vertical-height bug in Firefox, which was fixed and re-broken in 2015, as a "will not fix" (you can't set a minimum-height without having a height, dammit). 

We've made a rabbit warren out of the code. None of this is worth the few IE holdouts. 
This is the unfortunate truth - we created a flexbox-based application with the full knowledge and internal agreement it would block out some clients. It was fast to develop and quick to modify as we added new data objects. Then someone in marketing decided we needed - absolutely needed - IE10/11 compatibility. This is 6 months after running a smooth operation, so we retrofitted what we could, and then kept hitting gotchas and issues one after another for months, pissing off our customers as well, I might add. And for what? IE before was at a whole 4.5% of our audience, and 10 & 11 made up 75% of that - so 3.25%? We pissed off and limited the the 96.75% to basically satisfy 1 client we should have ditched. 

Reality bites, and while I want to believe in an all-flexbox/grid world, the practical realities of marketing and salespeople and their promises makes it impossible. 
Happens to us all - do drink with friends! :)
Anger management issues. 
My wife is Indo and knows Ubud. Her suggestion is to take a Bluebird taxi (they’re metered; avoid the touts because they will always be more expensive). Book a hotel ahead for 1-2 nights, and then check the Bintang supermarket. There’s a community bulletin board there that advertises the local villas. You’re paying in local currency and you can better compare deals. 
I'm in the same place as he is, except that people in my family have cut ties with me because I'm a "n*gger-lovin' liberal", to quote my brother exactly. 

I'm fine never speaking to him again. 
Yup - was skimming on the way to work. Mea culpa. 
Missed that. 
Where is "here"?

This is the US standard, not the rest of the world. 
Unless you live in Europe or Asia, where dd/mm/yyyy is the norm. 
I had a client who uses one and she's always bitching about how Edge on that thing mangles even basic CSS. Had to walk away. 
My perspective is fine - I said you had to earn it. If you're actually listening, AMP isn't earning people's trust. Having used many Google products over the years that have been abandoned, I sense that AMP is ripe to make it onto that list. 
Thanks for your opinion, Google marketing intern!
There’s no way that mechanical parts are cheaper than semiconductors; the idea of having a 15k car based on low-cost components OTHER than the battery is a bit of a myth. The cost/markup is in the power pack - the rest of the car is just a big rolllerskate with a table running it. 
Wow, that happy face animation is miserable on mobile
Trust is earned, and when abused, lost. 
In the same boat. I wrote to them a few months back &amp;amp; they had no intention on coming to Europe. Hopefully U.K. availability means EU access soon. 

Edit: seems they're all over Europe! Nice being wrong for once..
"domestic" ain't all it used to be
I never got to see the movie, but I built the Dutch website while working at nu.nl. Basic quickie movie website of the day, but we had this cool flash layer on top where I grab a photo from your webcam and float you around the front page. 
Where does one get this case?
Welcome to the party, pal...*snif* - 53yr old male
ISIS, Syria, boat people escaping war... "anguish"? Really??

Some people worry about absolute shit. 
No worries...Enjoy!
First, don't overwork your classes. You don't need max-height or height - if the image is scaled to 100% width of the container, the height will fall to the correct aspect ratio automatically.  You also don't need the centering more than once, and the dashed lines can be combined into one. 

Also, make the image scale to the width of the container (100%) but then make the container set to the percentage of the viewport you wanted (60vw - viewport width). It's (in theory) faster this way, but it's not so evident with such a small example. 

Seems a shame to waste a fiddle on so little code, so here it is: 

    .image_container,
    .comment_section {
        border: dashed;
    }
    .image_container {
        max-width: 60vw;
        margin: 0 auto;
    }
    .image_container img {
      width: 90%;
    }
Just an Air 2, but I do the gold and white, with a red cover.  Fuck convention, I want color. 
Have butterfingers and my 3-year old iPad Air 2 has scuffs but no bumps or dimples. They're tougher than you might think. 

The scuff came from mistakenly slipping the iPad into the same pocket as my 13" MBP, and metal on metal only works for Anvil. 
Saw this last time I ordered from Adafruit - a [focusing ring](https://www.adafruit.com/product/3518) that's dead simple and let me set up my 3 cameras in a blink. Frankly, for 95¢, I couldn't say no. 
Your best bet is to join the expression engine slack group. This reddit is dead.
I will admit to spending far too much time at the Irish Embassy, just south of Long Beach. Love that bar. 

Have they opened the causeway yet? Last time I was there it was two ferries across. 
Think of it this way - gun crime doesn't happen that often. Then again, machetes. 
Well, not to argue but I had a Gerber confiscated years ago entering Cambodia. Thailand, Indonesia & most of the ASEAN countries have strict laws against carrying concealed weapons and knives are #1 on that list. 
EU and Asian airports don't like knives. If it's for opening small things then get yourself something like a [MyKey](https://www.amazon.com/MyKee-Brushed-Titanium-Multi-Tool-Key/dp/B01HGW240I) which has no issues going through security. 
with a hint of yellow...
Ah, but what color is #covfefe?
Hm..interesting. I'm on my iPad Air 2 (64GB, ½ full) and not having any issues at all so far. Using a Paper 53 pencil (not Apple Pencil obv) but even so, nice and smooth. I'll do more testing tonight. 
Seems to be fixed now - just tried it on 10.3.2 Air 2 and it's not crashing or anything. Nice and fast -- g'bye Adobe Photoshop 
Robert Mueller: We have top justices on this right now. 

Indiana: ...Who?

Robert Mueller: Top. Justices. 
And moreover, is there a Trump plant?
I think you mean this one:

[https://youtu.be/3efV2wqEjEY](YouTube)
Needs larger radials and less hair in the back. 
As a friendly suggestion, don't let your battery go down so far. Fully discharging and recharging the battery wears it down more than keeping it topped up (I never let it go below 20-30%)
Belly sleepers are always marginalized 
Sure it would. Let's give it a try..
Yep. I had hoped there was a small elite shop in town, but it seems mail order is the way to go. 
Going to do that. Thanks. 
What was the range?
They did it easy. Right is relative. 
My European 2001 Fiesta has been possibly the best car I've ever owned - most reliable, most fun, cheapest to maintain (for an ICE car; others were 3 VWs, 1 Fiat spider, 1 BMW & an 1 Alfa spider - we all make mistakes) - and I'm keeping it alive until an inexpensive BEV comes by that's designed well. Hopefully Ford will get off it's ass and make a Fiesta or Focus-sized car soon, not SUVs and trucks like most current offerings. 
Shame it's not available out of the US
Very nice!
Indeed - are you the one to decide which posts have value? Posts like this (the original post) continually degrade the value of this reddit. It presupposes an issue and begins with an aggressive tone - which is why these are referred to "shitposts" here. 

By the way, welcome to the Internet and Reddit. 

As well, there's always another little troll to battle you in a thread, deviating away from the content of the post towards personal attacks ("people such as yourself..".. time to take your bow). 

Ultimately, there's little option to do but call them out as such or just abandon the reddit to the karma-hungry. Enjoy yourself, and don't bother responding -- I'm off this thread. 
How many posts do you want beginning with "Why the hell doesn't Apple blah-blah-blah.."? Because that's all this reddit is becoming - one long moaning board. It presumes that the position is correct and that Apple doesn't know what it's doing, when in fact it should be positing a position and how it could make an experience better. It's fucking tiring to read constant whining, with childish debates afterward. 
I have? I think not. 

What bothers me is that when someone has an opinion that defends a position Apple makes, folks like you immediate create an "our side vs their side" mentality and start with the fanboy bullshit. You can't maintain a debate and so then decide to start in with bullshit. 

He *was* being a prick, and you're perhaps even a bigger pompous dick for defending it. 

Folks like you are why why we can't even discuss nice things. 
He's being a contentious dick. Just look at the rest of his posts. 
They need to hyphenate it, but "back-peddling" is indeed English. It means moving backwards from your initial statement, which was strongly declared at first. 

Perhaps focus on refining your argument than creating conflict where there isn't any. 
Okay - that I can agree with. 
Well, that's not true - I use the calculator and timer all the time (I do most of the cooking in the family) and occasionally the flashlight. The camera button though could go...
Another shitpost looking for karma. 

Seriously, if Apple put in every wish of every redditor it would be the worst fucking experience ever; full of little switches and tweaks that make sense only to the moaners. 
Honestly, I was tiring of the lonely god theme running through the latter Tennant series. While I like him very much (open admission: MY Doctor was Tom Baker) Matt Smith was a breath of fresh air. 

In fact, I think they did his settling into the role over that series better (from grumpy and confused to reliable and trustworthy) better than what they did with poor Peter Capaldi. For example, in the Forest with the Angels, initially he was irritable, but like the switch they did at the end of the series, his character fully emerged as the Doctor. By the end of s5, I was won over. 
Now you know what the 90s felt like to us. 

Thanks. And *sigh*...
Has anyone had luck changing the volume? I got it to run, but the crown didn't work as a volume control and the sound was quite low. Couldn't get it to go louder via the phone either
Hah! I have to fly with my wife from Amsterdam to Vienna to Los Angeles, and then get a car and make it to Palm Springs to see family. I'm going to win that badge and fail Earth Day big-time..

If you're paying attention to the news, they're part of Volkswagen AG but are ostensibly run as seperate entities. 
You people need to get a life. 

And by people I mean whoever you are, masquerading as a movement. 
VW is a different group than Audi, who seem their own breed of arrogant asshats. I don't want to conflate the argument by mixing things up. 