Twice the hellos, double the armies or not.
“Let’s just put some guys in a can and shoot it at the Moon for fucks sake!”

...

“Bob has a point, you know.”
Kim Jong when reporting back: "Good news, comrades! The infidel capitalists have surrendered!"
Predator is just a glorious movie from start to finish tbh. 
So you're saying people wanted him opposed to Trump but now that he's aligned with Trump we're supposed to still like him? That makes no fucking sense whatsoever. Sounds like The_Dumpster logic.
It's two megalomaniac narcissists doing what they do best. At some point they'll undoubtably turn on each other.
The issue is that the series has consistently made bad dialog and plot choices from IV onward, the only difference is that some are more guilty of it than others, and some of the actors have been able to pull it off better than others and deflect our attention away from how campy all of them have been. It's not like they started from some imaginary pinnacle of cinema and have gone downhill since. Yes there are standards of storytelling no matter what the audience or age group but every single SW film has violated them.
If she's channeling the 90's a lot of the indie vibe then was purposefully shitty. It sounds intentional to me. Honestly bad playing is usually pretty obvious.
Honestly though a lot of indie music in the 90's was mixed not too far off from this. Yeah, more professionally mastered but same vibe.
Lord of the Synth
Twenty six reps on my way to goal!
Faith in your new apprentice's nipple rings, misplaced may be. As is your faith in the nude side of the Force.
The Legend is pretty badass. Of course a lot of u\-he stuff sounds great too but they're all pretty intense on the CPU in a mix.

I've been on Reason for years because I always enjoyed the virtual hardware/semi\-modular aesthetic and workflow. It can lag behind in features sometimes \(I'm really jealous of Ableton 10's MIDI workflow atm\) but honestly I just don't find Ableton or other DAWs inspiring. Having to open up/close VST windows and/or move them out of each other's way all the time just gets on my nerves. I can see why people get frustrated with working in the box with them. 
They're whorma whoring.
That whole fight feels like Dooku just wants to go mano a mano with Anakin because he feels Anakin is the bigger threat. I don't know if there's any EU info to back that up, but I think Dooku just thinks of Obi Wan as skilled but a pretty by\-the\-numbers Jedi combatant that he can handle. I mean, on Geonosis Dooku had Obi Wan dead to rights but Anakin was a lot more inexperienced than Dooku and still came at him HAM, you gotta watch out for motherfuckers that pull that kind of shit.
People have blown more money on lesser things. At least your credit is good.
nothing's working
Including the singles, "Fvkicon," "Avatart," and "Hastag My Teabag."
>He wanted to save his 10/10 wife

TPM Casting Director: How about this Kiera Knightley?

Lucas: I don't think she's 10/10 enough to murder children for.

Casting: W\-What?!

Lucas: Never mind, we'll get there later.
GODS I WAS UNLIMITED POWAH THEN!
Cheney: “Are you fucking sorry?!”
Has NDT shit all over it on Twitter yet?
More fearless when you’re a kid, Jedi or not. 
According to IMDb the director is now president of Lions Gate films \(eg. Hunger Games\) with that trainwreck his sole directing credit. Dude's probably fairly wealthy now. Go figure.
Missing a Buchla.

\*runs away\*
[Something](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDn8HvoloxM) Atticus was a part of [awhile](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Error_(band\)) ago...
There's certain people you can tell by the way that they're asking you personal questions that they're not actually interested in you or your life, they're just gathering ammunition. Usually manifests as rapid questions and follow ups digging deeper without actually contributing any feedback. It's like being on a tennis court with a ball machine instead of another player.
Fix me up another gin 'n tonic, R2. There's a city in the clouds where they're keeping my crew.
Kinda sounds like when a surround mix gets piped through stereo, the vocals drop and some random instrument is too loud.
We have a job we're late for, Anakin. Try not to upset him.
Gesundheit!
WE SIT HERE IN MIST AROUND MY ANCHOVIES, NOT HORS D'OEUVRES!
On: "Tuskin"

Off: "Shimi"
They would if it were 1992.

1992 Starbucks: "Hey look, we're cool!"

(any year) Trent: "Hey look, go fuck yourselves!"
¿no u?
Posiblemente.
OP’s model was Yoda. 
So what he said was true. From a certain point of view.
I imagine the mic plug is standard anyway right?
no u
Elon Musk Announces New 808 Branded Falcon Rocket
Paging look mum no computer. 
Then leave it outside under moonlight for six hours with the res knob on max. 
Less convinced by the music myself. It sounds like recycled NIN sounds, as if someone took the stuff he released for remixes back in the day and made something NIN-ish.
Ya gotta put the pussy on the chainwax, not on a pedestal.
It’s M Night but it’s good M Night. Check it out. 
68, 78 is bigger than that i think. 
http://kissthisguy.com/
90's had plenty of good music.
IIRC it's Lemur which is an open source (?) controller. It's not making any sound itself it's just sending control info to whatever they're using as a drum machine (Ableton, Logic or some kind of hardware).
Not every thread is a place to show how butthurt you are.
"What is oozing out of our ground?"

"Uh. W-Water? I guess."
Found her!
When you’re about to come but shart instead. 
Shitposters, Inc.
[For the lazy.](https://www.flickr.com/photos/8492055@N08/3082036822)
Well the OT model builders did use a lot of random shit to make the ships. I assumed it was a nod to that. 
Whenever I listen to "Maybe," a training montage for a 80's skater movie plays in my head.
If it floats that means the IT isn't fresh to eat anymore.
Corellia was a ship building planet wasn't it? So I'm assuming that's what we're seeing in the opening with star destroyers being assembled.
If no arms get ripped out of sockets the film will be literally unwatchable.
Possibly.
And I think that he that's a she that's a changeling is the he that's a she that's a changeling lord that we've been looking for.
Legs Like a Mole
Maximillian straight up murdering Anthony Perkins with spinning blades of death semi-ruined my childhood. Shit was brutal.
Well shut me down. Machines controlling machines. How perverse!
Chew it.
Why does everyone want to switch DAWs all the time? I don't get it.
I'm glad Trent and everyone involved in NIN are healthier but I'm also glad I got to see them for that tour. 
Looks like some of u-he’s stuff more than anything.
Be careful with servicing it yourself. Some old things need special attention because of the parts they were built with as opposed to modern electronics.

Also you could pay him a modest sum and then if you decide to sell it split the cash or something. 
Ah so a West Coast guy then. 
It sounds like he said it in jest and then had his bluff called. I said that mostly because of the stories I remember reading about the label, but honestly it's smart as hell that he said fuck it and did it anyway. Trent's successfully navigated the soul-sucking entertainment business into a position of autonomy, so far be it for me to judge. Besides the fact that it's all to backing track, it's not a bad performance tbh.
Does heat intensity under Earth conditions (eg atmosphere, pressure, etc) drop off exponentially? I can’t remember. 
Auto replies are for droids!
“joke”
Yeah they pulled the same trick with shitty VHS art when DVDs were the new hotness. 
Yes, definitely agree. Qui-Gon’s personality is closer to how I imagined Anakin pre-sequels. Granted QG is older but that kind of purposeful introspection with a tendency to buck the system. Dunno. Anakin in the prequels is almost too playful, it’s fine if he has a sense of humor but it was just a little too juvenile. 

Of course a lot of that could be solved as others have said by starting the prequel trilogy with him being older, circa AtoC rather than a kid. Lucas needing to start that story so early in his life is perplexing. 
Riding is a really rewarding sport though.
I thought TFA was +30 years from RotJ though, and I'm assuming Rey is more or less Daisy's early-20's. Again, I don't know what the EU has to say, but even in the context of the films it's implied in RotS that Palps at least knows about Anakin's dreams, and to me it always seemed that the visions were false plants by him to further destabilize Anakin's emotions. Palpatine is very predatory towards Anakin in RotS, he's really turning the screws on him with every conversation they have.
I can't help but think that both times she's looking at him like, "that boy ain't right."
My allegiance is to the plumb level, to carpentry!
IT as a companion confirmed.
More like a Trump tweet. Sad.
A slight aside; did anyone else think the brain in that picture is a little small? Is it just dehydrated or a young person's brain or what?
>if Palps also learned that... couldn't Rey theoretically be the life he willed into existence - only to turn out good

I thought it was not so lightly implied that's how Anakin came to be, since Shimi said there was no father.

I mean, I don't know what's actual canon, I'm not much of an EU guy, but in my head canon Palpy did some experimenting on a backwater world called Tatooine to test his skills resulting successfully in Anakin (assuming a high failure rate with other attempts on other worlds because it's fucking difficult) because why go to the trouble of searching out a new uber-Sith apprentice for your Master Plan when you can just build one from scratch. And maybe because you "created" this kid and have such an intimate Force knowledge of him, it would be all that much easier to manipulate him as he got older, you can sense just the right buttons to push and when. Like, say, by sending him fake Force visions of someone he loved dying in childbirth for example.
H'old and Kaymara Go To Canto Bight
I think they did a little bit didn’t they? Anyway the game kinda railroads you into being alone a lot of the time like a lot of these games do to simplify things. Plus I have to give them credit for creating an Alien game that got people talking again. It’s just too bad a sequel is apparently off the table. 
It's not a misspelling, you found an ultra-rare [David Tennent Tardis Whell...](https://youtu.be/RssnpE9U6IU) edition of the DX11. 
["Let's hear it for Nine Inch Nails! Whoooo!"](https://youtu.be/whVtrLrTWwE)
The Joe’s are androids. Alien lore has xneos generally not giving a fuck about non organics unless they’re threatening. Or just plain in the way like Bishop in Aliens. 
And people wonder why Trent hates record companies so much. It's shit like this, TVT Records.
Are you here to save my karma?
As Lucas intended from a certain point of view.
Dooku's head reattaches -> Padme and Anakin doin' it with his bionic fingers -> I hate sand
I think in my head I thought it was foreshadowing the dinosaurs who sounded kinda whistley. That or just a random ambient bird sound. Never connected it with him slipping, oddly enough.
One thing I'll suggest for those stuck in "in the box" land, for monetary reasons or whatever, is try picking a small handful of plugins, insert them and then save the doc as a preset (however you do that in your DAW of choice) and then force yourself to only use that setup for a month or a couple of weeks at least. Just kinda pretend that that's your virtual battlestation.

The upside of this is that you'll get a deeper understanding of some of your plugins, and while this may not sound like an advantage, it will push you into frustration, be it mild or acute, which will help you to be creative IF you don't cave and pull another instrument into the setup.

I have PAS (plugin acquisition syndrome) so this has helped me a lot and it plays off the limitation thing, which goes way back to Brian Eno, he was/is a big supporter of limitations spurring creativity and bypassing creative block. It does work but it's going to cause you some creative stress that you have to work through.
W̖͖̰̩̙̑̈́̈̈́̚Ȇ̴̬̤ͯ̏͗̓͌̓ ͇̜̫͎͚A͂̓̂͌͏̦̹̭̝͖̗R̠̦͔̦̈̐ͮ̓E̯̘̠̥ͮͤ̌̃̔̏͝ ͓̈̒ͤ̄̑ͬR̶̹̝̝͓͈ͯ͆̔̓͐̎ͩͅÈ҉̣͈Ȃ̙̦͈̤̹̗͒ͭ̐D̖̥͈ͫ̓͑ͨͯ͑Y͔ ̶̙̬̬̜̊ͤ̅T̵̗̜͙̠͎ͨ̆͗ͪ̏O̅̔ ̆ͫͭ̌͊C͓̞ͦ̒̋̋̒͒̀Ǫ͔̼̦̳̬̱̦͐̈́ͧM͔̘M͇͓ͭ̄ͬ͐̿̈́͆Ủ̓ͥ̎̋͏͓̤̰̻N̗͔͉̄̽I̽̉̌͜C͕͚̥̜̞͇̠̈́̒̋A͕͚̳̪͙͕͆ͧ͗̍T͓͉̮̟͟Ȩ̰̺̪̮ ̻̝̖̗̹̻W̮̥͍̖̭̪̒̒ͩ̅͜ͅI̳̻͚̬͕ͨ̓T̰̥͜H̳̼̎͐͋̽̈̔̚͡ ̍̀́̽ͧ̔͞Y͚͓͖̊̈O͋͛Ü̳̲̝̻͔̔̚͠R̪ͦ̓ͥͩ̒͒ ̬̮̼ͤ̑͘L̨̬̗̬̮ͣ̓̆̈Eͮ̊ͤ͏̟̠͚̱͍̺̝Ȁ͎̮ͬͫD̘̥͙̙͈̈́̌̂ͬ͑ͮ͂Ę̜͖̪͕̱ͯ̈ͫ̿R̰͓̣͚̺̦ͫ̾̎̽͛͛ ̭̝͓̹̭͚͋̎́̂H̗̘̹̠̞̓͐͊͋͛ͩ̄U̘M̗̻͕͔̄͗ͮͧ͋A̵̝̦ͦ͐N̓̅͒̈́͐ͥ̈́
Give a girl the right pair of cybernetic arms and legs and she'll conquer the galaxy.
They're back out on tauntaun patrol.
It's bat country.
I mean, I back up my phone daily as a matter of course of charging it, so if something happened as final as dropping it into the ocean with no hope of survival i’d probably skip to acceptance too, because wtf else can you do? With the possible exception of if I just recently got it. It hurts a little less once the shiny new gadget phase wears off. 
If it’s good enough for Johnny Cash....
He puts the pussy on the chainwax. 
"Master Skywalker, there's too many boulders. What do we do?"

*saber ignites*

...

"Chop them up into pebbles and use them to pave the walkway of course!"

"YIPPIE!"
Yeah the low ground. 
Shoot them... or something!
Possibly. 
My mother disguised as an East German judge gave me a 5.6. Must’ve been the dismount. 
Honestly disabling it on a push mower is a debatable workaround of safety. Depends on the mower but they’re not terribly dangerous. Doing it on a riding mower is a leap up to full retard however. 
There’s probably a reason why, but when I see stuff like this I always wonder why they don’t have dudes off camera tossing little blue balls or something at the actors to help them react better, just so they can have something at all to respond to that they can digitally remove after. Some of the Jedi poses and reactions in that whole sequence are kinda cringey. 
Sith Join for the Jedi Prophecy
I honestly didn't care for it period. The camera movement in all the other openings is following movement of a ship in some fashion or another, TLJ's isn't. It might've made some sense if the Resistance ships were going *down* to the planet but obviously they weren't.
That may have introduced him to a younger audience but Cash was pretty fucking famous before that.
Technically none of them do I don't think, because directly after the crawl it's a star field. "First shot" is a bit subjective here. I'm guessing OP is considering it to be after the traditional starfield-pan up/down camera movement. Actually Rogue doesn't have a crawl or a pan IIRC, it just jump cuts to the planet shot.

Interesting thing to me was always the OT started with shots of the Empire ships and the PT started with shots of the Jedi/Republic ships. New trilogy isn't consistent, which kinda irks me a little. TFA is First Order ships and TLJ are Resistance ships.
Well people are into different genres of games though. I'm an FPS guy and all RTS games look the same to me.
I must be foot-neutral because I almost never notice bare feet in pictures of women.
I think he just wasn't prepared for the insane levels of fame and didn't care about it. I'm not an Alec Guinness aficionado but I'm under the impression he did better acting in MUCH lesser known productions and I think it put him off a little, understandably. 
It's not a story Alec Guinness would tell you.
Oy vey then.
Sounds like the origin story to Thrill Kill Kult. 
Well that’s great if it’s true. I’d prefer it that way and honestly it hasn’t seemed like the new movies were written by committee but if they’re going to keep the current pace I wonder if it’ll stay that way. I suppose it’s in their best interest. 
I think because it’s Disney there are more people that have a say than are in the credits. I could be wrong and/or paranoid but this is Disney we’re taking about. 
I don’t think Watto was playing with a full deck tbh. 
"There is... another... Sky... walk..."

"Another?! I just cut the ribbon on one last wee--"

"... er."

"Oh. Ooooooohhhhh.:
"As your decoy, your loyal protector, I advise you to get rid of those droids."
"I remember saying something like 'I feel a great disturbance in the Force, maybe you should drive....' And suddenly there was a terrible roar all around us and the sky was full of what looked like huge bats, all swooping and shooting blasters around the speeder, which was going about a hundred parsecs an hour with the top down to Niima Outpost.”
I always wind up turning to a random spot and just reading. I don't do that with any of his other books.
Sorry, I work nights and just got home so it's like 11 pm for me. Yeah, the thing is the OT was still made in a kind of bubble world where everyone involved was onboard 100% for being in and making a SW movie. They're basically really expensive indie films for all intents and purposes.

The bubble world is now Disney and I suspect there's a lot more cooks involved even if they aren't in the credits. But no, having opinions from people who have less emotional attachment to a writer's obsessions as long as they're fellow writers or at least skilled visionaries. It's the accountant, tastemaker and marketing opinions at Disney that worry me.
I still maintain the general framework of the PT is solid, it's just the execution that's fucked up. It should start more or less with AotC with an older Anakin (mid-teens at the earliest), a condensed version of the Clone Wars animated series as the middle film and RotS more or less as is. That sounds like a lot of change but it's not. It's still the outline of what Lucas wrote.

I mean, kudos to ILM for what they did to advance sfx, but the PT should not be a technical demo reel, it should be a trilogy with actors acting and, you know, story stuff.
He's just Jesus Jesus.
Miss you, I don't have to, Chewbucca.
r/singularity would love this if it's not there already.
I'm going to be genuinely pissed if Rey dies, tbh. 
Retshadowing.
Lucas may have been making it up as he went, but it was Lucas making it up. SW is at risk of having too many cooks in the kitchen.
"We were somewhere around Jakku, on the edge of the Outer Rim, when the deathsticks began to take hold."
Doing guitar face helps too. 
Same, I was just off work bored that day and expecting another *Johnny Mnemonic* type thing. That whole year was just filled with movies exceeding my expectations. It was nuts. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Flanagan is the actor in the "Happiness in Slavery" bit, if you want to go down that rabbit hole.
It's over Padme, I have the high ground. - Sadness
I AM GOD HERE - Stephen King
You are now subscribed to Cat Facts.
The clouds are unarmed libtard cucks.
You look like the furry at the end of The Shining. 
Problem is the market changed. Prue shooters just don’t appeal enough anymore. 
Phone. 
[More like....](https://i.imgur.com/HMykZ1D.jpg)
IT’S A LEGITIMATE STRATEGY!
Problem is that people who are famous usually haven't been spending their time doing things that make them more qualified for government. It's not the fame itself per se, just what they're doing with all their time between entertainment projects and red carpets. Technically they're not mutually exclusive and it would be an advantage for name recognition being nailed down already, which most politicians have to work at, it's just most celebs aren't qualified in skills required for governing and coast on the name recognition alone. Trump rode his brand and no-filter bravado right into office.
Hail to the King, baby!
Huh.
IDK IMO the only thing that matters is what comes out of the speakers. If it sounds the way you want it to it makes little difference how you got there. 
That was the only tour I saw them, on the first leg before "Closer" broke IIRC. Never shared a room with a nicer bunch of degenerates in my life before or since. And then like a month later I saw Tori Amos in the same theater, which was like whiplash vibe-wise, but both equally visceral in their own way.
I remember them opening. Manson said something between songs to the effect of any women who wanted to come onstage and let him fist fuck them, was met with silence, and then asked, "Any of you sweaty guys?"
C'mon. Daisy's at least tree fiddy.
What about the nickname attack on the Chewie?
It’s not a phase mom!
In another thread OP said the water is oily so I suspect that makes a difference. 
It’s not more weird it’s just everyone has a mainline tap into what’s going on in their pocket. I don’t think we’ve hit even peak 1960s weirdness yet although the Trump win put us on the fast track to it. 
And desk space. Room space. House space. 
It is, but in true reddit fashion I'm going to shit on it by mentioning that the jump cut to the credits should instead be a circular screen wipe. OP fucked up, ruined my childhood, and is now dead to me.
"I haven't had my muffin yet... *Matt*."
Yes.
Idiom maybe? Anyway I think it’s an adaptation of a line in Top Gun. 
What about the graphics card attack on the pixels?
Supreme Leader touched me!
Kylo's in IX will be the Mic Drop Class Star Destroyer. They'll just build a ship around a star and fly it around.
Left that DX out in the rain, fucking hate crime  
It's just the roots seeking soil/moisture in the cracks.
"Luke, when gone am I, the last of the jedi you will be."

Close enough.
Are you sure you know how to read them?
I kinda liked it. I mean if that was you in real life you have to admit you'd have a moment's pause that maybe you should've just let the whole [spoiler](/s "point blank shot to the face") thing slide and played nice, because hey look some shit is actually going down and it would be nice to be in that shelter [spoiler](/s "which is now filled with toxic fumes and on fire.")
Probably had a hunch that the sound was a backwards sample and just reversed the end of "Closer" and recognized it even though it was sped up.
If you practiced your wit as much as your saber technique you'd rival Immortal Soldier as a shitposter!
["This is quite heavy stuff for a *PT Cruiser car review*, but believe me, this is a good one."](https://youtu.be/hoxqtnI4I4c)
Trent's gotten better, credit where credit's due.
Cool. How’d you manage to get Zooey Deschanel in your video? 
Honestly the easiest way to fix this is just make the spine thinner, thin enough so your eye jumps over it more naturally. 
It doesn’t. The reason she didn’t get found out is stated and pretty obvious from TFA: the base blew up. Well imploded, whatever. 
The Oscars have been corny like that for years. It’s not unique to him. 
I still feel like it’s possible for him to leave Tatooine. He just has to keep the kid off the radar of Vader and any Force  users. Stormtroopers don’t give a fuck about Luke Skywalker until IV. 
"Why do I get the feeling you're going to be the death of me?"
Clerks was kind of a fluke because at the time the hype was real for indie films. Pre internet pre cheap digital filming. There weren’t really any hip indie comedies for the college crowd at the time, so. The acting being shit was part of its charm. 
Fuck it. She has her Oscar. Halle ain’t gotta apologize for shit. 
Yeah it’s a little too on the nose for me as well but it was mostly free of truly obnoxious sci-fi cliches so I’ll take it. 
Some of those tropes got added in service to expedite the story and diverge from the book. People’s motivation in the book makes more sense but you’re more in their heads and it’s a much slower burn plot wise. 
My wormhole reaches across the universe and drinks your milkshake!
What happed to that ship and crew anyway?
Which was probably the most interesting thing to happen in a Star Wars movie since the first one. All the feature films have followed the more personal hero’s journey template, which is fine but Rouge One was a welcome change. I know it kinda revolves around Jyn but in truth she’s no more important than anyone else.
Yeah except all those people below now have tinnitus. 
yiss Candy Claws. 
"Guys, I'm trying to get that old time 44.1 kHz sound, are CD-RW the rewritable kind of compact disc?" -- This place in 25 years, probably.
But which one got off? The Master or the Baiter?
Secretary Merrifield! You are an informative one.
It definitely was circa the special edition re-releases in theaters which was '97, so possibly. Kinda doubt they'd drop that bomb if the announcement hadn't been made yet or wasn't imminent. 
It's just a magnet to attract the needles in haystacks that might actually be dangerous. Active investigation might be a little strong, active surveillance probably more accurate. Doesn't even have to be by an agency other than reddit itself wanting to keep tabs on the users that post there. As noxious as the sub is, if they're not actually doing anything illegal that's honestly the wisest thing to do. We might not like it but it's probably what I would suggest if I was involved in running this place.
Some early Brian Eno vocal stuff is a bit like this, hitting the notes like 85% of the time but a little off key the other 15%, enough to be interesting but not an earsore.
Possibly.
He comes from France.
Slightly aside, I feel like I read awhile ago that occurrences of tinnitus among musicians started going down some once they stopped cranking the levels so high on the monitor speakers (the ones onstage pointed at the musicians so they can hear their individual playing better), and then again when a lot of musicians started using in-ear monitors.
32D chess has gone trans-dimensional, folks. Not even the Tralfamadorians know what the fuck is happening anymore.
I assumed "14th try" meant he'd been nominated 13 other times and didn't get one.

EDIT: Which apparently is the case, for an Oscar anyway. He's actually won quite a few awards.
Apparently the Academy likes fish sticks.
I dunno, he could do some serious artery cleaning with a microscopic lightsaber.
Not from a Kenobi.
I warmed up to him over the course of TFA. I wasn't sure at first because they set him up as a carbon clone of Vader with the black mask and voice mod but when it became clear he was actually mimicking Vader on purpose as a play for validity against insecurity I was like, okay this is different. If it had just been fan service to give us another Vader I'd have been disappointed, but he is a unique villain in the SW universe so was on board with him as a character by the end of the movie.

And I like that they made Hux his frenamy and kept going with that in TLJ. Hux clearly thinks he's the better man and isn't just some lackey that's afraid of the big bad Sith with the saber.
>"This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated."

Little extreme with the word choice there, YouTube.

Yeah that’s called resignment. It’s also what happens in your forties. 
After the crash that engine is doing its best impression of Jim Carrey's [most annoying sound in the world](https://youtu.be/S4AmLcBLZWY?t=58).
Something about it reminds me of Pigface.
He went the most ham after thugs killed his dog, so there's that.
According to the comic gravity is a bro or a bitch depending on your position.
If you live long enough you might actually get the choice.
Well, we've all had targets painted on our heads for decades now really. Just because there's less of them doesn't mean there aren't plenty to go around.
Him: Stop wasting your time dumbass!

Him: *snaps fingers* I do what I want, you're not the boss of me... yet.

Him: Uh-uh!

Him: Ah-huh!
Not an expert but pop music riffs seem to me to be in pretty narrow ranges for the most part. Probably for memorability and ear worm qualities.
“What’s your son into in his free time?”

“Uh well he likes to write music.”

“Oh really? Taking lessons?”

“... No.”
NEDM
Lost the weight but kept the cushion for the pushin’. 
Bingo. Set impossible/insane goals, blame the opposition when they don't come to fruition.
I want to see Drunken Master Jedi Form What Number are We Up to Again?
True. I mean as long as you come up with something within the known limits of science really anything is possible 1,000,000 years from now. Having said that I think there's some value in the show in terms of trying to illustrate evolution in a cool way. I liked the octopus coming onto land thing because it mirrored what we know of where we came from, but by taking something we know exists and are familiar with and saying, hey these guys could be our successors. Whether there's equal value in Ancient Aliens is debatable, although I suppose it's not wholly disprovable that something like what they suppose did happen.
All six of my nipples are tingling!
Only if it’s yours sweetie. 
Found the pimple faced malcontent guys. 
Ancient Aliens is the opposite of science. Future is Wild is more 45 deg west of science. 
It’s a loose adaptation but in a good way that captures the crux of the novel. Mainly the novels are much deeper character stories with some plot expansion. 
Ironic. He was able to save others from cumming but not himself. 
Dis gonna be messy. 
You won’t get away. Not this time. 
I think the Crawler was there in spirit in the form of the "alien" at the end of the movie, pre and mid-transformation (pre silvery form). It was clearly inspired by it, although in my mind the Crawler had more form to it, just not anything recognizably Earthly.
There's a lot of this sort of philosophy in the books, which is partly why they're a little impenetrable if you're expecting something more action/linear and difficult to translate to film. Easily 2/3rds of the books are in the character's heads and the other 1/3 is action taking place in the world, which is pretty skewed even for character-driven novels.
Honestly I think it was just meant to be a kind of symbolic fluke that tied into the doubling/mutation theme, mostly because there was nothing particularly original about the design. If it had been some unique layout that just happened to be in Area X also then maybe you could read more into it (like some crazy balcony spiral staircase thing you don't see every day).

A lot of houses are built from similar floor plans, especially houses in developments. You'll go into a friend's place down the street and it's literally the same layout as yours but flipped. And people have oddly common ways of decorating their houses, pictures going up the stairs, etc.
It must be odd having a wife and kids going into work where you’re literally engineering the destruction of the human race.

“Honey we’re getting really behind on—“

“Don’t worry about it.”
Yeah but it almost looks like it was skewed and slightly distorted from non-italic letters instead of actually using an italic variant. Particularly the Ws.
People make a thing about successful people who point out the fact that they didn't have formal education in whatever field they happen to be in but what the others fail to realize is that they made a *discovery* that it wasn't for them and/or they weren't getting what they needed from it and/or they couldn't because of life stuff (poverty, whatever) but they wanted it really badly anyway and/or other personal epiphanies.

I doubt there are very many successful people who decided ahead of time not to get a formal education and made it, that just said fuck high school or fuck college and are now billionaires from nothing and owe it all to that one decision.
Not from a Jedi.
r/synthesizersafterdark
All the other ones besides gun control, obviously.
"B1-6380 has checked in as safe."
Cough.
no pew

pew pew pew

pewpewpewpewpew
This post has left me podracing and yep but my Empire has loved you like the high ground.
Yippie!
I think the knee-jerk reaction probably boils down to money and corporations protecting their interests during an emotionally charged period which will eventually settle down as people learn how to properly handle it and as the situation improves overall for everyone involved. Right now if you're even accused corporations won't handle the association. Social issues can often be a confusing mix of seemingly contradictory values. Sometimes they actually aren't if you fully understand the issue and sometimes they are because people aren't robots.

Incidentally it was always my understanding that Clinton's impeachment wasn't about the blow jobs but the fact that he lied about it under oath. People keep meaning to want to make it about the blow jobs, which probably says something, that that's more shameful in America than lying.
Literally Satan though.
You really don’t it’s just that a LOT of public people are sketchy in their relationships and we just happen to be living in a time when that’s being called out. 
Going Sat myself. Just looks like the kind of movie to be seen on the screen. People always talk about visuals but moody films that draw you in are good in an isolated setting too. 
Im okay with directors interpretation of stories as long as they’re talented. Typically they nail the subtext and its the specifics that change. Under the Skin novel and movie were pretty different but I liked both. 
[Get real.](https://youtu.be/wKiIroiCvZ0)
I haven't seen it yet. THANKS.
I am the casting director!
> only lost about 20

Only? Shit give yourself some credit.
> The EU, if you think about it semi-critically for like more than 15 seconds, is garbage. I know a lot of you grew up with it, but there are kids who

..yeah, totally, I hear you. Most of the EU is total--

>grew up in Nazi Germany, and they got over that.

--whoa, whoa, dude. Dude.

The thing about the Legends EU, and I haven't read a whole lot of it tbh, is that I believe a lot of it and the weirder turns it took was when there was a total void of new Star Wars films and fans were starving for more. It started off okay, but as the money flowed, well, it turned to shit for the most part.

The sucky thing is that it's in danger of happening again with Disney. I swear before the end of my life I'll see the day where the whole fucking franchise gets rebooted from scratch.
THERE ARE *FOUR* TIDDIES!
Actually it would be a pretty hilarious fan film to do shot for shot remakes of famous scenes from SW and ST but switch the characters from each to the other. 
Plus you can’t remap the knobs and switches, they’re all factory set. 
You will not take her from me!
It wasn't really insight if you had been paying attention, which HST did relentlessly. At the time I knew whoever did it just wrote the Bush administration a blank check to do whatever the fuck they wanted to, and they did more or less, as has every administration since. Even Obama.
I'm not smart enough to dispute it.
WAAAALLT!
>Better slowly climb this latter then...

Better than going down the former.
https://www.kvraudio.com/plugins/macosx/vst-plugins/audio-units/instruments/effects/free/most-popular

Free Mac instruments and effects sorted by most popular.
Maybe the workers or their friends want to save up and buy them so they're letting them look like shit on purpose so people pass over them. /conspiracytheory
Although Korg hasn't officially acknowledged it, it's widely thought that there's a missing ~~resistor~~ capacitor in the Beats that muddles the snare. I think it's the rattle part of the snare that gives it a little more ring out. The mod involved manually soldering in the missing resistor, which isn't a huge deal except for the fact that the components are so tightly packed it's a fair challenge (although far from impossible).

EDIT: Because I can't science shit.
Wah PAH
UNLIMITED REPS
Ironic. We could save others from arguing, but not ourselves.
Those squishy sound, jfc my sides.
Well he did say "good." A fuckton of high school kids are competent on instruments, doesn't mean they deserve to be famous for it.
Here's where the shitquoting begins.
> She really should have been used as Rens right hand woman, or his leutenant.

I got the impression she was from the first scene with them together on Jakku but then they just didn't do anything with it.
This is getting out of hand.
True, there's not only one "right time." There are a lot of artists that languish in obscurity but they keep at it because they're enjoy it and they don't care all that much about the recognition, and then one day "boom" everyone knows who they are.
Careful we must be if the shitlord neckbeards are to survive.
> "We were just really really lucky. We were just at the right place at the right time" 

I think that's true about that level of fame. I mean, if 5% of the U.S. population knows who you are that's what 16 million people, twice the population of NYC, and think about how many random people know who the Beatles are even if they don't like them. Or Elvis or Michael Jackson. They're all talented but that's not the kind of fame you earn from talent, it's just a fucking fluke at that point, a surreal joke that life is playing on you.
"Clean your room."

"I'm going out."

*reaches for res knob* "Don't make me self oscillate..."

"Okay! Okay! Okay!"
The blade has to have some kind of density and/or repulsion effect otherwise they'd be pretty useless. Even if it was wire-thin at the core but very intense it would give the blade some significant balance and air resistance I would think.
That was my biggest complaint about the series really, is that they neutered the Envoys. Kovacs isn’t just some edgelord bitching about the 1%ers, he’s been their tool by proxy under the Protectorate. Envoys are Navy Seals with built in chemical enhancement to lock down any remaining calls of conscience.  Quellists aren’t much better. Protectorate is kinda neutral evil and Quellists are chaotic good. Both do some morally questionable shit. 
Early day Front 242 is pretty similar to this. 
The thing is IIRC the Envoys weren't a rebel group. They were black ops government trained and deployed military group doing a lot of shady shit on different worlds to keep people and rebellion groups in line under the Protectorate banner. Quellists were in part ex-Envoys but Envoys were definitely not created by the Quellists.

A lot of Kovacs motivation comes from the fact that he's done some seriously fucked up shit under the Protectorate banner. It also explains why people give ex-Envoys a very wide berth. In the novels Envoys are expressly forbidden to hold public office of any kind and often find themselves becoming mercenaries and criminals post-career because nobody will hire them, they're too fucked up in the head and so intensely specialized in the art of killing and other non-civilian-friendly shit that they can't do much else.

But if you're rich as fuck and want to turn a borderline sociopath loose to solve a murder at any cost, they're a good choice.
The books are similar to the show in the sense that they're a bit of a mix but the world building is handled more deftly as only books can do really. Films can't really info-dump very well. You can thread it in between plot and dialog in books in a way that doesn't work on screen quite as well unless the director/screenwriter are particularly skilled.

I mean Morgan isn't the *best* writer ever but he catches more shit than he deserves. There's *plenty* of more poorly written scifi by the tonage than the Kovacs novels. There's some really good stuff in the trilogy that makes them worth reading but bear in mind they were his first novels so there's some cringe in there.

The first is very intentionally homage to noir crime fiction and Blade Runner, the second is a bit Indiana Jones meets Rendevous with Rama and the third is Kovacs trying to get his house in order type of deal, less plot more character development (although some might argue too late with too little since it's the last book with him in it, but fwiw).
One Jaw to rule them all, and in the Civil War, smite them.
One does not simply walk into a music store and “buy a synth.”
Don't show it to Kristen Bell, she'll have a meltdown.
thatsmyfetish.gif
That was "our audience is fucking stupid so we literally have to show them which robots are bad" levels of symbolism though.
Richard Morgan was in the credits as "advisor" whatever that means. Not sure what amount of say he had in it but I suspect he kept the train on the rails so to speak. I did enjoy the adaptation but it had a teetering quality to it, I kept expecting it to fly apart at any moment.

The only things that really didn't fly for me was I felt like Quell was a little more hardcore in the novels than they portrayed her, and Kovac's sister was approaching Lanister levels of bother obsession toward the end which felt forced. Everything else was pretty on point though.
Totally unrelated but is her accent all over the place or is it just me? It sounds British occasionally dipping into SoCal.
Yeah but you could spend less than that on a better synth that could get even closer. 
Got a little too "put the lotion in the basket" at the end there.
When 70 years old you reach, look as good you will not!
UNLIMITED 401K
I've only watched the Solo trailer a couple of times but the ship in it looks thinner than the Falcon around the edges. Clearly it's the same class of ship but the Falcon just seems more, well, thicc.
Amazing. Every word he just tweeted was wrong.
> There's a line somewhere, although I'd say it's difficult to exactly pinpoint

Maybe the Stephen King test? If it would be in a Stephen King novel, it's too far.

Hot iron comically falling to the face? Maybe, but probably not. Asphyxiation from home made chemical weapon? Totally.
That would turn all the younglings into Ben Swolo.
They both have a similar color scheme such that they would convey a pleasing visual aesthetic when positioned in close proximity.
To be fair even a lot of his non-horror has horror or supernatural elements, just not in the forefront. Or it's suggested something not natural is going on but it just hangs in the background. At least novels anyway, short stories and novellas he's done "straight" stories.
This was a great lineup of the band, plus Trent's vocals are on point.
Yeah I was getting Animal Collective/Panda Bear vibes.
It's a Fox Broadcasting legend.
Roger Roger
Which is kind of odd to me, unless it's just an aesthetic choice so that dueler's clothes aren't catching on fire all the time.
The side fell off. That's not very typical, I'd like to make that point.
Now doesn't it make you feel better?
HAS SYNTHESIS GONE TOO FAR?
Considering the heat of a lightsaber, the fact that his robe didn't burst into flames is probably the most surprising thing about that scene. But then I doubt he'd be wearing cheap synthetic fibers, so maybe not.
I think a lot of this started with the *Ammvtyiille Horror* back in the late 70's. It was a pretty big deal at the time and it kicked off a lot of this "based on a true story" shit with horror flicks. At least it seems that way to me having grown up in the early 80's. I could be wrong. I guess the idea is the added level of validity will make it more scary, but IMO a shit "true story" horror film isn't much better than one completely made up.

I liked the way *The Witch* did it, where the story was made up but they apparently pulled a lot of dialog from documentation of which trials and such. It's not claiming truth but it has a certain period authenticity to it which I think actually helped the film quite a lot.
The brain of anyone who's not a dumpster fire of a person.
Oh it's real. Ableton didn't make it, but it's definitely real.
I'm pretty sure during that conversation in panel one that Obi Wan said he was going to train Anakin regardless. Really the only reason Yoda caved is because he wanted oversight over the training. If you have serious doubts about someone becoming a threat it's probably better to have an eye on them and/or the ability to try and influence a better outcome.

And honestly they did a decent job, it's just that Palpatine's manipulations were too strong, and as others have mentioned, his machinations and the war were pretty much inevitable and in full swing even before anyone knew about Anakin. Had it not been Anakin, it would've been Maul or another young Jedi Palpatine would've manipulated to the dark side.

You have to remember at the time Force sensitivity was actively sought out, and even as a senator, Palpatine would've had plenty of opportunities to pick an apprentice to manipulate. Anakin just happened to be a particularly excellent candidate.
I could see the flame motif being good for a box set reissue Broken cover or something. There are certain chemicals that burn blue flame iirc, could do that for Fixed.
And Padme was all, "It's okay you just got a little angry."
I prefer this one, the way it rolls off the toungue.
Goatee or not, you must know you are GROOOOMED!
Hayden doesn’t look anything like Sebastian Shaw either and he sure as shit doesn’t have an English accent either but who’s counting?
They walk like men, but they're vicious mindless monsters.
*uncomfortable skooching*
I think Luke is specifically referencing Kylo by saying "raw" strength, that is an untrained Force sensitive person/student, excluding Jedi Knights/Masters he knew.
Are we blind? Deploy the treasons!
Head like a mop

Black as my socks

I'd rather die

Than clean up your slop.
It's when OP washes off the hooker blood.
Not to worry, we're still flying 95% of a ship.
Yippie!
It's part irony and part counterbalance to the groupthink that the prequels are total shit, because objectively they're not for Star Wars films. They're objectively shit compared to the best cinema ever made, sure, but only subpar compared to the OT. Not shit though.
That's just a loop tape that simulates T_D.
It's not disrespect Master, it's the truth. They all see it, why can't r/SequelMemes ?
OP's memiclorian count is higher than Master Reposti.
*sarastic nodding*
It’s doodles, then. 
Yeah it's kind of a strange mix of a show for me. I'm enjoying it to a point but at the same time it feels a little like a patchwork of pervious cyberpunk to me. It's more Johnny Mnemonic than Blade Runner IMO in terms of aesthetic.

I think the reason I got past the first episode is because I'm on board with the casting more than anything, I think the actors did a nice job with the material, but the world building feels a little stale.
NP. I think you can do the same with native devices by disconnecting the audio out cables from the instrument. Not sure if it completely frees up the CPU but it frees up some if you’re in a pinch. Some REs are pretty hungry. 
Yeah he was on the deck of the command ship in space, not that it matters one way or another. He could've given the command from anywhere, but it's Hux that does it. Probably because Kylo isn't a military commander per se.
If it's a VST I think you can hit the green power button in the lower right and it should free up some CPU cycles. The VST won't play of course.
CELLS
It kinda reads like they prompt him with a keyword, like "cells" that he has to answer every question with rather than giving an actual answer to the question. It kinda reminded me of those tests where the word BLUE is written in yellow ink and you have to read back the word BLUE and not get tripped up and say "yellow" by mistake. It's the kind of thing a computer could get 100% of the time but humans will fuck up.
Actually by then actors will only have to sign off their likeness and voice patten to to the studio so that AI actors can play them onscreen.
That’s Carl the Closet Case. 
Movies are made or broken depending on who makes it and who's in it. Writing is important, yes, but people make a false equivalency between novels and movies. You read a novel and you do the casting and directing yourself, which means by default you'll like those choices, the only choice you don't get is how it's written.

With movies all the choices are made for you, so yes casting and director choices have a huge impact. I'd even go so far as to say you could take the same shooting scripts for the prequels and make better movies out of them. Same dialog and everything. Even most of the cast. Lucas is a visionary world builder but he's not an "actor's director."
"You said you liked it?"
Let’s talk overdraft fees.
Yippee!
Ahem...

https://youtu.be/Cuebj4kVOy4
He was up above it.
They don’t though, that’s his point. A lot of them cut corners and approximate the same way Siri behaves similarly to a person but is in no way actually sentient. 
TR-808 was 1,500 when it came out which is about 3,500 in today's dollars, so even for one of the most sought-after pieces of gear you're breaking even.

Honestly though, every time someone mentions having a piece of vintage gear and someone gets all misty-eyed about it, in the next breath they're bitching about repair costs, tuning issues, and lack of modern accouterments everyone takes for granted nowadays.
YOU SHALL NOT HIGH PASS!
It comes off a little like he's just using the Death Star to gain favor with the Emperor but I think he's genuinely proud of it and disappointed Galen isn't as committed. 
"Now this is podracing!"
He felt like a return to the imperial commanders of the OT (which is appropriate since it's right before the OT), who, even though they weren't in the films very long, made an impression. Like the guys at the round table when Vader does his "lack of faith" choke, and the ones in ESB.

There's something about their attitudes, and that smile from Krennic just sealed the deal for me. It's like they're justifiably afraid of Vader but still ambitious as fuck and will take risks in the hope that it will pay off and gain favor and secure or advance their position. It seems like that's the only real attitude you can have to succeed in such an environment.

Hux in the sequels is trying for that but his character is just a little too over the top. There's not enough snake in the grass sneakiness about him, no poker face, everything is just out there. The possible exception being when he reached for his sidearm when Ren was out for the count at the end of his fight with Rey in TLJ. I loved that they did that, his character needed that moment badly.
Hold onto your butts.
He was killed alongside the men, and the women and others in his general age range too.
I think it was just the last point release they nuked the App Store from iTunes. 
Maybe it’s more about being prepared to do that if you have to than actually making it your go to choice right off, because some people won’t. There’s too much civility ingrained in them to recognize a truly dangerous situation before it’s too late. I think that’s all that advice is getting at. 
The problem is by the time you know that in a fight it’s too late to do anything about it. Very few people start fights thinking “I’m going to fight this guy to a draw.” 
Agh!
Then don’t buy it. The way you’re talking it’s like the product personally offends you or something. 
I think they’re just trying to strike a balance between something that kids can deal with while making it an actual synthesizer that’s not just some toy isle crap that’s not actually doing anything under the hood besides cycling through a ROM chip of pre-recordings.

I think it’s definitely cool for kids and if you’re into chip tunes or even circuit bending it could be fun if it’s not too expensive. There’s not too much difference between this and a Pocket Operator except the exact knob values are obscured. 
This is better though, basically an art piece that also distorts things. 
I was thinking maybe using the VST when you don’t absolutely have to fire up the hardware but otoh if you really know the hardware sound well enough to tell the difference it would be hard to not feel like you’re “downgrading” all the time you’re using it. I’m still “in the box” myself so I’m mostly blissfully unaware of the hardware pull.
Virtual CZ?
I AM THE PIXEL
This is how fidelity dies; to thunderous bitrate encoding.
And honestly there's precedent IRL for evil men to cultivate a borderline unjustifiable fear (although in Vader's case it's very justifiable) in their enemies in order to maintain control without actually having to do anything. Vader can't be jetting off to every corner of the galaxy whenever a system gets out of line, so the drama is effective in survivors retelling exaggerated tales.

I mean if a bunch of people told me some guy rode atop of an F-16 into battle and killed 50 armed men with a fucking sword I would not want to piss that dude off.
IT IS IN MY BEHIND
That or something like it will happen irl just wait. Social media-induced chaos hasn't peaked yet.
Plus there was a period in MTV's mid-history (mid-history of actually playing music videos on a regular schedule, that is) where it was so popular that bands/personalities that were already well known were just banging out shit videos like crazy. If you were known you really just needed a backdrop for the song and artistry didn't play much of a part in it. All the interesting stuff was on MTV Raps or 120 Minutes.
Checkmate so-called environmental scientist, you're supposed to tell *us* how much time we have.
It was likely trimmed a lot for time, *Pet Semetary* doesn't really have that problem. The main story is pretty tight.

I think some of the missing kid story is probably going to show up in Chapter 2 of *It*. The kids are coming back last I heard.
Han mah boogie. 
There was, it just wasn't Leto. It was Luv.
Have you come here to save my shitpost?

No.
Ok now hey ladies
Honestly if the Order weren't condescending cunts to each other all the time the whole thing would've worked out better.
I seem to remember something to the effect that once you start learning the ways of the Force, if you're not fully trained to resist the Dark Side, you will inevitably (or at least very, very likely) succumb to it if left to your own devices. So basically if you bail on the Order you become something of an automatic threat before you've even done anything wrong.

One of the things I wish the prequels had expanded on, maybe in place of all the political stuff, was the idea that Obi Wan talking about with Luke that the Force does obey the user but it also controls them. He says it like he means physical movement but he probably means mental and emotional state too, and if you don't know wtf you're doing it can be dangerous as hell.
I hugged them. And not just the men, but the women and children too. I hugged them like family!
To be fair dude's so old the medical texts of the time still contained references to leeches and trepanation to let inhabiting demons escape as valid medical procedures.
While specific incidents may or may not be true, at some point there were a limited number of people who had cars so odds are in favor that something similar happened somewhere at least once even if there's no record of it.
>Brooklyn, NY

Seems like nowadays that's code for "too much money and nothing to say."
Four of us are, anyway.
If you really wanted to be morbid, Mustafar should count down from 5 to 1 then go back up to 3 and then down to 1 again. 
Wondering if it’s more of a urban/rural infrastructure thing. Urban/rural correlates with conservative/liberal but I doubt politics has much to do with internet access. 
We get it bro you synthesize. 
Jar Jar at a party would be great. Senator (or... just about anything else really) not so much, but a party? 
Only thing I remember about that movie is that it kick started my Milla Jovovich crush and Slater broke the fourth wall. A lot. 
> this is hugely personal

That's TMZ's bread and butter though.
If you have decent reflexes you could probably grab it by the scruff of the neck and lift it out. It's safe for the cat as long as you're not squeezing really hard and they usually chill after a sec once you have them that way. Not sure I would do it for a really heavy/overweight cat unless I had to but this is just a young'un.
I think it’s called Analog Wood Behavior. 
Gone your apprentice is, consumed by Darth Toast he was.
I will fry.
Storm drains are dangerous in just about every other situation other than a nuclear bomb going off over your head, in which case where you are and what you do is the very definition of a crapshoot.

Not an expert but I'm guessing you'd hear stories of people in drains making it, some getting crushed/suffocating, some dude out in the middle of nowhere making it because of some random cliff blocked the majority of the blast, etc. etc. You kinda just do the best you can on short notice and throw your hands up to luck because, well, it's a goddamn nuclear weapon.
I usually get paid 4 cents/day for my urine so it works out... *okay*.
Behringer is going to have to up their emulation game with a model train set now. 
You can laugh but it nailed the Buchla one, let’s be honest. 
“... ten of them.”
GearSlutz is leaking. 
UNLIMITED PENCILS!
I find it interesting as a survey of what people here are buying and their opinions of it. 
How can you be in the *Higher Ground* and not be a Master?
Hush now, child. The adults are talking.
Mmmmkay.
I mean, yeah, they're different. I listened to blind side-by-sides of both the 09 and 08 to the originals and they have slightly different timbres. To my ears the boutiques have a clarity to them that's hard to explain. It's not bad, it's just modern.

I suspect that unless you've spent some time with one or both of the originals and there's a very specific auditory quirk about them that you can't live without they're fine. It feels like they got the important bits right, and in a mix there's no telling.

And they're like 90% cheaper at this point unless you want to be a badass and solder up yourself a clone which is still more expensive by a fair amount.
Really? Because you posted there 16 hours ago.
By all accounts there is no difference unless you literally spent the last two decades producing with an actual 909 in which case the difference is now you have arthritis and can't turn the tiny knobs on the 09 so you're sticking it out with the 909. And you have tinnitus anyway, so.
Oh look it's another T_D poster making broad edgelord statements about an entire group of people. Shocker.
Anakin's turn to Vader and Order 66 happens at the halfway mark.
Honestly I don't think budget translates to quality. You can give Lucas all the shit you want about the prequels but they're consistent in the sense that they're *his* films and not films by committee. I don't care who the credits say the writer was on the new ones, it's Disney. There were other hands in the kitchen.
Maybe. It doesn't matter if he does, it's his character after all, and anyway all of Luke's flaws are perfectly common and normal, I wasn't being critical. 
I think people put Luke up on more of a pedestal than he deserves. Fans idolize his character too much, I think even Mark Hamill does. He's a flawed character that always resisted teaching and wanted to go his own way, literally in every OT film he pulls that crap. Even Yoda tells him in VIII you're still doing the same shit you were doing 30 years ago. The reason he crosses over like a proper Master when he dies is because he finally puts all that aside. VIII has some flaws but Luke's character arc is not one of them (IMO anyway).
I thought that was the point? She was tailing him and it was pissing him off so he acted gross to get her to shove off. I don't understand why people don't get that.
She probably did because of mom-powers.
>	brief sense of accomplishment

Nice try, EA.
Weirdest opening crawl to a Star Wars movie ever. 
Dunno. Music is from *Hunt for Red October* I think.
"The stranger"... from another planet.
Yeah, but they're a bus driver *in the sky*.
>	all I got are answers that make no sense.

No, you got it alright. 
To be fair we’re kinda twiddling our thumbs around here until NAMM. 
Oh yeah, just looked him up. didn’t recognize the name. 
Oh really, you're cold?
... and justice to my new Empire.
Edgelord in training.
"You're right, you right. I know, you're right."
Garbage doesn't work on me, only recyclables.
It’s timbre, then.
Does a real Easter egg cease to be one once you find it?
Your basic pleasure model.
Seems like finger drumming gets a lot of hate by purists for “just” triggering samples but pressing keys on a keyboard is “just” triggering chromatic notes. Never really understood the hate. 
It should be perma-pinned really. It’s just that glorious. 
If what I say is true I will have earned my trust.
Yes, the one we've been looking for. He knows the ways of the Senate. And the Courts. And stories you wouldn't tell me. He's too dangerous to be left alive. 
I almost expected her to pull the "as a mother" line out.
It's possible it's not possible. I think a lot of people send it to external hardware and split it off from there. I love Reason to death but it needs some beefing up on the back end and less flashy but necessary workflow areas. It feels like the past year they've cleared their plate of major upgrades so hopefully they'll fix some nagging issues in the near future.
You might want to hit up Propellerhead on this one. Question is a little long for Twitter, which I know they're responsive on, but if you can reword it try there or email them. I've never had to email them before so I don't know what their response time is but I suspect you'll get one. I actually only have one external synth so I haven't run into this one yet but you might wind up using an external clock that can split out and then slave Reason to it rather than using Reason as the master clock...? Not sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSfZ_NrWGhk

I have a set of these that I like a lot. 5" might be a bit much price wise, you could go with the 4" which are a bit cheaper and be fine. I splurged on the 5" because I just wanted to buy a pair and be done with it, but obviously you could always resell and upgrade later. In any case you don't have to spend a fortune, just poke around on YouTube for "monitor speakers" or "studio monitor speakers" and see what people have to say.
r/jesuschristreddit 
Can you lend a niggAH a pencil?
"1/10, would not watch again." -- Boston Dynamics
But will it blend?
But... they hooked up so it *is* sexy.
Honestly you don't have to go hog wild but if you're on a budget and you work with headphones a lot you might want to start there. Decent pair for like $125-175 is sufficient. It's pricey for headphones but they'll be comfortable for long periods, good build quality and sound great for messing about and just getting a solid frequency response. I have a pair of Audio-Technica ATH-M50 that I like a lot. Monitor headphones are good for commercial music too, not like they're only for producing.
Technically you don’t want extra bass or treble from your speakers, just a flat response. Most commercial speakers already tweak the response internally, monitor speakers and monitor headphones don’t. 
That's fine. I wasn't trying to be pedantic, especially because I'm no expert. Those speakers are pretty big and it would be hard to put them where they should be, but I'd wager that small, cheap $150 monitor speakers in the right place would sound way better than speakers on the floor which is literally the worst place they could be.

It can be an obsession, but even if you can only get 75% of the way it's still better than nothing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97lIlmCAsgg
> Again, not the message, just the way it's communicated...

Fair enough, IMO I just think they were expressing general frustration but not to OP specifically. It's just a weird thing that keeps coming up for an audio-fidelity obsessed group that drops a lot of cash on quality gear.

I agree some people jump on the speaker placement thing a little too hard for some setups posted here, but to be fair you really don't *have* to follow best practices to the letter. Bookshelves and other common household furnishings can be natural treatments and you can just learn to train your ears A/Bing with headphones. Depends on the room of course but it's doable in most cases if you can afford a handful of $300-$500-ish synths you can afford some basic treatment and speaker placement.
I don’t think they meant to be, but it is truly bizarre how many people spend so much time and money on fancy setups and then completely fuck the speaker placement. It’s almost all, no hyperbole. It’s pretty dead simple to just approximate proper placement without much effort even if you don’t go by the book studio rules. 
T H I N N
Cop a feel, you must not!
"WE MAKE BUCKETS OF CASH ONCE A YEAR, CHAD. MAKE IT WORK. I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ABOUT YOUR KERNING BULLSHIT AGAIN."
It is a good deal. However, like others have said if you're just getting started or even advanced beginner there's plenty to explore without buying REs or subscribing. Reason 10 is pretty well-rounded now, and a good chunk of REs are kind of "power user" versions of things Reason can do stock, simplified workflow utilities or very specific solutions. Not a lot but a fair amount are a little outdated at this point because they were solving problems Reason doesn't have anymore.

Also with VST support and free VSTs out there you're really good to go stock honestly. Search for "best free VSTs" at Bedroom Producers or just Google and you'll find a shit ton. They're not going to be the latest and greatest analog modeling softsynths but you can still do cool stuff with them and learn a lot about what exactly you're gravitating towards timbre-wise which will help guard against "buyer's regret" purchases.

Having said all that if your trial some REs and decide you really like them but can't buy them outright at the moment, or want a kind of "extended trial" to decide, then yes, it's a good deal.
It's choreography, then.
Yep.
r/NatureIsFuckingLit 
I loved you, r/SequelMemes! You were my brother!"
I downvoted them all. Not just the hot posts, but the new and rising too!
“I don’t but Jesus got me fam.”
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflex_syncope

The way it was explained after it happened to me after a bad case of stomach flu is that there's a nerve going from your brain to a main artery out of your heart, and it's only job is to constrict the artery, make you pass the fuck out with little or no warning so you're horizontal. The brain is a greedy fucker and it wants all the resources first, especially oxygen.

TLDR; Vasovagal response is your brain saying to the rest of your organs, "Let them eat cake."
In retrospect it was probably borderline irresponsible for Lucas to put the legacy of such an iconic villain on the shoulders of such a young kid.  Specifically because he was playing a villain rather that a hero as child. There’s really no way that could go well.
Natalie Portman tho. 
> A container would have a "blind hole" since there's only one opening and a bottom.

This is along the lines of what I was thinking; the towel roll has one hole but two openings.

>But saying Sandy Hook is a hoax...

TIL Charles in Charge is a T_D poster.
"Would you fuck me like an animal? I'd fuck me like an animal."
Yep. Start to feel like you're a concrete statue. Used to have it a lot more when I was younger but it still happens from time to time, usually when I'm trying to fall asleep and I'm unusually stressed but also exhausted. Feels like I'm so heavy I could never get up again, but of course I can and as soon as I move the spell is broken.
Palpatine Malt Liquor gives you.... little nipples!
I feel like you could explain this away by saying that Yoda's staff isn't becoming solid but that Yoda's force-tapping Luke on the head in mime with the staff. At least that's what's happening in my head-canon.
You were my crossposter Anakin! I upvoted you!
It's like he blew his swear load with that song and it's been downhill ever since.
That would be more interesting I think. Her fighting style could echo back to that scene in TFA when Finn sees her fighting those dudes on Jakku over BB-8.

I've only seen the movie once but wasn't the crystal in the Skywalker saber intact? I seem to remember that at the very end when Rey is sitting with Leia, the hilt was just broken above the crystal.
It would make sense because of her staff I suppose but I think they'd be reluctant to echo something that's been done already for an iconic character. Maybe if some random side-character Jedi in the prequels had one it'd be different.
I think when people say that it's because the first of a given film was so complete as a story there doesn't seem to be anywhere to go in a second film. Of course you can, because people's lives don't just have one conflict and then they're good to go until they drop dead, but still. I think the sentiment is also prompted by a movie that was insanely popular, it's like okay are they doing this for the love of the characters or is it just a cash grab? The creators always *say* it's for the characters but when a movie has made you buckets of money that can ring a little hollow.
How are you liking the Roland -08 and -09?
I get why NDT picks on the science in movies, but I really think it would be more useful to stick to lazy examples rather than every little thing the movies get technically wrong but are done for the sake of drama and the storytelling medium. Yes, we know there's no sound in space, it doesn't make Star Wars less boring if half of it is a silent movie.
He's working on it, it's called Border Patrol.
What about the Disney attack on the Ernst Rister Order?
Yo dawg
What about the droid attack on Nintendo?
Or largest collection of one video game at least
> People joke about Gilmour being emotionless while he plays. That's because it's all going into his fingers.

Really? I seem to remember him sporting some serious guitar face from time to time. I mean, he's not writhing all over the stage but emotionless seems a bit harsh.
I'm a little confused by the hate except that Han Solo as a character is a bit of relic from the late 70's and early 80's as far as movie characters go. He's basically a womanizing pirate. Having said that I think if they downplay that somewhat and just put him into a solid, fun, not-too-serious adventure story it could be decent.
If a sith grows a goatse you’re really in trouble. 
Problem is you’re not coming up with any convincing arguments in Trump’s favor to the contrary. You’re saying that if we think you’re wrong then you’re right, which is a nonsensical circular argument. 
Consider yourself lucky (twice) that you didn’t get aspiration pneumonia. 
That’s like some Final Destination shit. You get the audience laughing and then they go quiet when it gets gruesome. 
Sounds like the last two terms in reverse. I dislike Trump intensely but not 100% of his decisions are going to be shit. 
Is he bringing additional art supplies?
I love it when people abuse tech to make it do weird shit.  “The street finds its own usage for things...”
Not forever. Eventually it comes into the house. 
My name is Anakin and I'm a paying customer!
I see through the lines of the tracers!
I know right? I had to scroll pretty far just for a “That dress tho” comment. 
Instructions unclear, creates perimeter around the dead.
Star Wars always has had mass appeal and expectations working against it, both of which are nigh impossible to overcome. Any time any work of art has those elements involved there's going to be highly split opinions. If we could go back in time to the ESB release I'm sure the mass public opinion would be no different than now, it's just that at the time there wasn't a massive media dissemination in place to make everyone aware of it (i.e. the internet).

I disliked and really enjoyed a lot of aspects to TLJ but there's nothing in it imo that seriously derails the movie from a filmmaking perspective.
>delight the customer

Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccck OFF
I suppose if you really want to get technical it could be argued that Anakin could've killed hm with a Force choke or bouncing him around the room since you don't see wounds, but it seems unlikely given the fact that he murdered the fuck out of everyone else with the saber.
Wasn't that the case with the Jedi? Yoda tells Qui Gon that he can't take on another padawan with Anakin in TPM because he has Obi Wan. I mean, Yoda doesn't outright say no, but close enough.
That too. 
“He just tossed his father’s lightsaber over his shoulder and I was like, ‘What the fuck, farmboy? This is Star Wars, not the Marvel universe.’ Jackass.”
This guy TILs. 
Skywalker and Solo aren't exactly subtle either.
I actually had the Boba Felt that shot the rocket before they recalled it for safety. *mic drop*
Saw it when I was six. Blew my poor little mind. Much money was spent on action figures in the following days. God bless my parents for putting up with my obsession. 
Sounds like a test where it’s not only acceptable behavior but expected to occasionally hear a student say “Fuck it!” flip their table and walk out. 
> Yeah, it’s definitely about the biologist’s inner world during the events of the book. Most good sci-fi is, IMO. They set up outlandish scenarios and settings, and use them to explore aspects of their characters’ lives and personality.

True but I think VanderMeer doubled-down on that and made the plot so much the background that if you didn't connect with the biologist or Control (in the second book) there really wasn't much left. In terms of time spent there's a characterization-to-plotting ratio of about 8:1 at least, which is pretty skewed even for a character-heavy story. I liked the biologist, Control, and the lighthouse keeper, but the Director less so, so the third book was a little more difficult for me.

Which is to say that I can understand people who didn't like it. The characters in it are a bit difficult. There are no clear protagonists or antagonists, everyone's a mixture of both. Not the easiest people to spend a lot of time in their heads. Not to mention that the books don't paint a very appealing picture of humanity. There's a nihilistic slant on a personal and professional level for all involved.
So they experimented a little in Jedi Academy. Don't judge.
I enjoyed it a lot but I think you have to kind of jive with the style in which it's told, but that's a style choice and not an intelligence issue. The plot is pretty straightforward tbh, the story is heavily about the participant's anxieties and personal issues intersecting with said plot rather than the plot itself. 
> True Grit

Sure, seven years ago.
Eh. If someone trustworthy delivered it, stayed there in the room and took it back to Disney it's not exactly "floating around." We're so close to the release date really you just have to keep it from winding up on Pirate Bay. I said USB stick but probably they just need to bring it on a non-internet enabled media player or their own secured laptop. In any case it's doable.
Pretty sure Disney could bust out a USB stick in short order, hand deliver it and take it back no prob. 
Die Jedi scum!
Fair point but technically a 3D movie is 4D as well. 
I guess I better get rid of my novelty weed-shaped space heater. 
It depends on if you want to treat the SW saga as a mythical story or a kind of soft sci-fi. If it’s the former the Force can be a mystical thing analogous to our own religions, if it’s the latter it makes sense that a civilization capable of interstellar travel would have discovered the interaction between the Force and the physical world. Lucas seems to want to have both ways though which divides the audience. 
It is now but at the time it kinda got the ball rolling in an accessible way.
She's just a little tyke but damned if she doesn't move just like her, with that little hop at the end like she's about to take off. Adorable.
You might want to install a center support before you have an unplanned disassembly.
Tomorrow on Facebook:

YOU WON'T BELIEVE THIS EASY NEW WAY TO LOSE WEIGHT
Oprah was in town.
Look Mum No Computer should partner with Primitive Technology.
"It was a steal!"

"That's because we're on the GODDAMN MOON!"

"I know! I know! Fuck!"
He’s a T_D’er don’t bother. 
Take your meds. 
Usually I see these and think, "Engine core right through the center of the habitat. WCGW?"
>The hardware is always more expensive than the VST. That's not the point, though.

It's specifically my point when the hardware in question is at used-car level price.

>Will people who can't afford an Easel get the Buchla sound? Probably not, but they will think they are.

Who cares? Nobody except people that fetishize hardware. Certainly not the average audience who couldn't tell the difference between the two in a mix even if you told them which was which.

Like I said, if you can afford it, great. If I had the money I'd seriously consider buying one even instead of multiple synths adding up to the same price because they are special and hold value, but it ain't happening anytime soon.
I’ve had this philosophy lately that all these synths software and hardware are just “things that make noise” and all have their unique character. Up to a point it’s useful to compare emulations but unless you’re pro making music for other people level it can be unnecessarily obsessive imo. 
The Buchla VST alone is currently selling for $99 and the actual Easel is retail 5k, so substantially more than that.

Not trying to downplay the value of the hardware or make anyone feel bad for owning it, but we're not talking about a $99 VST for a $500 synth, Buchla hardware is a lot more expensive.
Uh.....
That’s great and all, but for the price of an actual Easel you could buy the VST for probably everyone on this sub that wants a copy. Just saying. It’s pretty hard to dismiss that. 
Really? I thought that was awesome. Not even that she was female just that she actually showed some sign of being in a fight besides a cosmetically placed scratch. 

I was pleasantly surprised by that movie, because tbh the trailer sold it as a pretty bland action flick   
I honestly don't know. I suspect it matters if said person is just making a cameo or is depicted as an actual character in the story. If I had a story where a character went to a Taylor Swift concert and I passingly described TS from a concert goer's perspective that would be fine I'd wager, but if I made TS a major (or minor) character in the book you'd better believe her machine of lawyers would take issue with it. But that's a pretty wide difference, where the line is there exactly I don't know.
Yeah estates can be weird. But a lot of musicians have been fucked by recording companies so you can’t blame them really. 
The hotel had a whole Hendrix theme thing going on though including a cheeky Hendrix hologram.

The book, I’m not sure. But even if they did it was a first novel so I’m sure it would’ve been a modest sum. Books work a little differently I think, the fair use net casts wider than films. 
I was going to cross post this but I was afraid of getting doxed and murdered in my sleep. 
I think it's just that if people aren't 100% feeling it with the first single they're worried they won't like the whole album. Which is probably fair for most popular bands that set a tone and then run with it, but there are plenty of bands, and NIN is one of them, that do tend to give a nice variety over an album.
Might've been a usage rights issue. It's a little different than just asking for the rights to music, they would've had to get rights to use Hendrix's image/brand. The estate might've taken issue with the tone of the film or something, or just asked for too much money.
I was a fan of the references myself.
"I just saved a bunch of money on my modular addiction by switching to direct current."
The dude kneeling in front of Vader is really phoning it in. Who is he trying to be? Master Jedi Just Passing By at the Time?
Their stuff is really good IMO, they just do insane discounts for Christmas. I picked up all their drums last year for some ungodly low price.
Gotta say, though, that Hilary was a shit candidate. She's been gunning for the presidency since before even Bill was president. She crashed after the election not because she lost her chance to serve the country but because she lost the chance to be president. The first woman president at that. It was all about her, just in a more subtle way than the way Trump pulls the same shit.

Not saying Trump is better because I hate the fucker but Hilary was objectively the other side of the coin to Trump. They were both the culmination of both parties slowly but inexorably racing to the bottom for the past twenty years. So I can't blame her for voting for someone else.

Having said all that, Hilary did have experience going for her at the very least and at worst she would've been a one term president that more or less achieved nothing if not keeping the Republicans from rolling back everything Obama did, but that would've been about it. Still, better than what we have now clearly.
... unfortunately.
UNLIMITED DIABETES

🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪

🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛

🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪

🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛

🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪

🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛

🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪

🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛🥛

Because it sounds [awesome](https://youtu.be/ZWREt_fRcC0)?
"Oh, it's beautiful."
ARK seems like that too. I've never played either, just watched a handful of videos, but ARK looks like it attracts literally the worst, as if the whole point is to load up on bath salts and acid and boot the game.
False rape accusation on your record though makes her basically unemployable, don't you think? No HR department is going to want any part of that shit. Which means she either has to swindle her way into a sugar daddy or she'll be a career criminal and wind up back in jail again.
"Bond. We've just gotten word about Musk's new plan."

"Oh? What is it this time?"

"He's going to send a car into orbit around Mars playing some pop song by a chap named David Bowie."

"How devilish. So I assume you want me to kill him."

"No, no."

"Infiltrate his organization as a low level employee and obtain any technical data I can find?"

"Of course not!"

"Seduce his wife, turn her against him and get her to murder him, thus maintaining plausible denia--"

"Bond. I want you to come over to the house and watch the launch. We'll have finger sandwiches and martinis. This is going to be awesome."
Don't bother asking the T_D poster to think.
What is this, Queer Eye for the Straight Guy?
1/4, 1/8, etc. only mean something with respect to a clock so it would have to have some kind of clock input. Maybe it ups the cost.
"I AM the lightsaber." -- The Senate
GODS I SHITPOSTED THEN
"Honey, I can't stand all these mosquitos. Let's move north to Maine."

"But that's like, a thousand miles away."

"Exactly."

*... 6 months later ...*

"Mother. Fucker."
u want sum blue
Yeah, it's clearly a theme. I mean, Luke literally says it to the Emperor in Jedi, so.

But yeah I wasn't trying to say you were wrong just that I don't think Lucas wanted to make people think two movies back to the Maul fight to justify the way the Obi/Anakin fight ended. If they make sense together and it was intentional I wouldn't be surprised.

I'm sure it's been pointed out that ObiWan is more or less on the defensive the whole fight, Anakin is constantly pushing him back from the start. They may be more or less evenly matched skill wise but Anakin's ferocity is what gives him the advantage and is really his undoing at the end, going balls-out while ObiWan just waits for him to fuck up. He more or less does the same thing to Grievous, although that's a little different since Grievous is only technically skilled and has no Force sensitivity.
The thing about that one was that Maul was the one that was arrogantly confident on the high ground and ObiWan took advantage of that overconfidence, rather than the other way around with Anakin.

I think within the context of the fight the first flip over ObiWan is a cinematic attempt to justify Anakin's failure later on.
I knew a couple people in college that were into PHM but didn't care for the turn that Broken took. I loved it, not even being a fan of anything particularly "hard" at the time. Broken gateway'ed me into Ministry and TDS gateway'ed me into Skinny Puppy. It was kinda funny watching the Grammys and seeing "Wish" get Best New Metal single or whatever it was.
Not to rain on your poetry but Anakin does a high jump twisty flip move over ObiWan earlier in the scene when they're fighting on the floating platforms, so it's kinda a fool-me-once thing really. ObiWan even takes a low swing and misses, so.
I doubt anyone would notice if it was only the lenses in the equation.
The synth world could stand to be a little more metal tbh. 
Dis gonna be messy... Me no watchin!
That's actually what I like about them, because the album feels comparatively bare bones to most NIN productions. So the album's pretty raw to start with and the live versions just hone in on that even more.

In any case, back to the thread topic I do feel like *The Slip* is a bit of a neglected child in the NIN catalog. Except for the fact that it was free I don't remember it making much of an impact in the community on release. I think people were kinda hoping for a *Year Zero* follow up at the time. *¯\\_(ツ)_/¯*
I like The Slip a lot too but I actually prefer the live rehearsal video versions to the studio recordings, especially Echoplex and 1,000,000.
The knobs are a bit fiddly. 
I think you have to lose both shoes for physical death. One shoe off only results in death of self-esteem.
Wrex.
FEED ME A STRAY CAT
The packaging is definitely *less than* adequate.
I get what you’re saying despite the downvotes. Maybe not such a big deal with this driftwood per se but yeah out in nature people are always fucking with shit. It’s annoying. 
The subreddit is confident in its decision.
Either way it's fucked up Dunham is throwing her under the bus immediately after the accusation. What you know or think you know doesn't matter unless a lawyer is asking you in a court of law.
Do people actually claim that it's more accurate though, or just that they prefer the sound that comes off of one versus another format? I doubt that Trent is being a vinyl snob and is instead leveraging the quality of vinyl to get a particular sound from the recording that he prefers. He's skilled enough as a producer to know what he's doing on that front.
CELLS INTERLINKED
I mean, getting into all that makeup and paying him for the day just for three seconds seems a bit of a stretch.
It's a demure pose at least.
How does he think with a dino brain? Or does DNA rewriting somehow stop at the brain stem and also makes a human brain 1:1 compatible with a dino body? Because if that's all good the whole beak thing is a non-issue.
> Good lord was that built out of dust?!

It is now, yeah.

"I sense something I have not felt since... 40 hours ago. My legs. I can't feel my legs."
It all started innocently enough with horse armor, and yet here we are.
Be careful you don't choke on your aspergerations.
Yep.
Is it the same school where the deer learn how to read the Deer Crossing signs?
> Episode 2 - Saved C3PO in the middle of a battle with blaster fire coming from all sides

I'd argue that his saving of Padme in the factory was probably more important plot-wise. Although realistically had she died Lucas obviously would've had to pen another reason for Anakin to lose his shit.
Pack your things, we're leaving.
Yep. Is movie. 
[Press conference.](https://youtu.be/cBQiLh9N6kg)
>Why not just fly it over to the next set for another movie later?

You know the Falcon doesn't actually work, right?
Someone needs to make a "You Suck at Photoshop" for synthesis.
Reminds me of the Tetsuo Iron Man movie(s).
Honestly I suspect the human mind's ability to resist mental illness over extended time is the actual limiting factor, assuming we're at a stage where these arguments about physical limitations are a factor. Although the counter argument would be that we would be addressing those concurrently, but I wonder if it's the tricker problem, if there's a limit to how much life the human mind can stand, augmented or not. 
It was okay. Pretty clear from early on they were banking on a third season and that not much would be resolved. I was kind of annoyed that Winona's character only went from "where's my son" to "what's wrong with my son" with marginally less hysterics and that's about it.
Tbh it's actually in-line with 80's sequels; bigger budget, bigger action, bigger effects, bigger soundtrack. Not sure if that was specifically intentional but it does fit (it's still true, really, but especially in the 80's when everyone was on coke and studios were printing money).
I always enjoy the bizarre passed off as normal, honestly. 
It's off-season, then.
“I’ve been hate-fucking you the whole time.”
So what's the story behind him not getting one in the movie? I mean, at the time of filming, pre-EU and retcons? Was he just too tall/awkward to film it properly or what?
> Did the last season of Dexter overturn ~~several~~ all seasons' worth of character development in the final episode, along with making itself look pretty pointless?

Perfect.
Execute Rule 34.
It sure is on T_D, they're REEEEEEEEEEing themselves into a triggered frenzy.
Well 1-3, 4-6 and 7-9 all take place in fairly distinct time periods so they are are effectively separated. They share characters but the focus in each is different. We got Anakin’s story and Luke’s story. It’s not the worst thing ever if 7-9 is Rey’s story, I’m okay with it anyway. 
It's not a story a Musical Chairs Grand Master would tell you.
Always up for some Indiana Drones gear talk.
Still though, there’s Mean Girls Lindsey Lohan and crackhead Lohan. Same person, different levels of healthy  
They’ve gone up the ventilation shaft!
It may be cooler now but it’s not “bang the cheer squad” cool. 
“I... I didn’t know I could do this. Proceed, human. This is amusing.”
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/KubrickStare
Honestly I think it's just for fun. The arts have a stigma of being long, laborious, from start-to-finish affairs, and ATC is just turning that on it's head for people who have some experience creating finished works. If nothing else it's inspiring to newcomers to trust their instincts and yes, you can actually get something going in ten minutes if you work at it.
So is the vocal fry.
Follow the snail trails and find your lost porn you will. 
Yep.
At least they actually had him use them on Finn. 
I thought about that but it’s definitely his “thing” and he’s been doing it for at least 25 years so it’s not like he’s not using it. 
Try graffiti that’s a neat trick. 
>Saying, “it’s just a tool isn’t it” isn’t so much a challenge as it is an opening to answer thoughts a listener may have.

It's also a description of the internet in 1999 really. I mean, Bowie is repackaging things other people of the more visionary slant were saying in the tech industry at the time, but to the general public the internet was a fancier television slash telephone and not much more. 1999 internet was pretty much devoid of everything we take for granted now, or a shittier barely useable version of it. 
Depending on how many REs you have you might want to try adding and removing them in batches of ten or whatever. Might me a little more efficient in narrowing down the problem than doing it one at a time.
If you have one or more REs installed as trials it will trigger you to log in. There's no way around it without uninstalling the trials (I assume because it keeps track of your trial time on the server so it can't be cracked).
Same. I enjoyed the way the alternate perspectives illustrated what other characters knew and didn't know during other expeditions. They had a "twist" like reveal but without making a big deal about it. The veil gets pulled back from the characters bit by bit. Not many stories do that well. There's so much of an emphasis on the big twist these days that it was refreshing to see it done more artfully (imo).
>PT-89

Petey
nnuuHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Having just re-read the trilogy I rather liked the way the whole story was constructed. Without giving anything away, how different viewpoints illuminated the past insofar as to who knew what and when, but without making a big deal about it like they were cinematic "twists," just behavioral character quirks or mundane workplace obfuscation that frequently had disastrous results. It felt real to me, how people can fuck up badly in real life without actually intending to do harm. A lot of stories seem to feel they need a clear and present malice and it gets kinda old when it's far more common for people to do harm with no malicious intent.
I'm not a Bradbury expert by any means, but *Martian Chronicles* always felt pretty trippy to me. First time I read it I think I was about 14 and I just remember it giving me sweaty fucked up fever dreams. 
I only took a history of Russia course as an elective, so it was a kind of whirlwind tour but it was interesting. The diversity of culture under the Soviet Union banner was pretty extreme, something that hadn't really occurred to me before.
Cozy with a side of cancer. 
On one hand: “I don’t want to live in a nuclear wasteland.”

On the other: “But I do have a substantial collection of bottle caps.”
Oh god here we go with the battery arguments again. 
I think that is the joke. Obama isn’t turning towards Bush like he said something to him, it’s more like Obama is watching a monitor. It’s the kind of dad joke I imagine Bush would make. 
That’s so odd that I’m just finding out that was Levar having heard that song lord knows how many times since the 90s. Now I hear it and it’s like oh of course, totally sounds like him. 
Campaign speech probably. He bitched about the emails so much good luck trying to find the exact one though. 
tip

tip

tip
Philosophy on a page is different from actual practice on any number of fronts; libertarian, conservative, liberal, religion, etc. 
It is/was an interesting culture. Still remember reading Heart of a Dog for a Russian lit class I took in the 90s. 
EA: Stop resisting, citizen!

Visceral: AhhhhhhhhHHHHHH!
"A more elegant pose, for a less edgelordy age."
The SW branding machine will probably make it happen. 
Tidal locked planet so it’s alway sunset. 
Chopper always made me think of a SW version of Kenny from South Park. 
Death Star thicc
Only because I’m so in loveme with youme. 
Tront Roznor is None Onch Noils
/\——\\\^\^/ ——/\
I'm in the "it was okay" camp myself. I don't mind stereotypical characters in a movie that's not meant to be too terribly deep to begin with, but what the movie did kinda hinge on was the relationship between Baby and the waitress and I wasn't buying it. Chemistry didn't feel there for some reason, at least not enough for her to keep going with a guy she just met that seems to have a lot of chaos around him. Like, dead body-level chaos.
That could mean only one thing. Invasion. Or something. 
Ewan’s still calculating how much money Disney needs to pay him so his great grandkids can retire upon birth. 
"Help me, grandfather, and I will finish what you started."

*"Bitch I never killed Ewoks, the fuck is wrong with you?"*
> Addiction and mental health is always treated on the low tier, if they can't even save people from a heart attack, they sure as hell aren't going to help with mental illness.

I'm at a rural hospital in ED registration and the ED's responsibility starts and ends with ensuring a mental health patient is "medically clear," meaning they have no pressing medical issues (be they pre-existing or emergent drug overdose, wounds, overdose complications, etc.) that would prevent them from mental health placement.

If they're not admitted for medical reasons, they get to wait for mental health access to show up which an take hours. I'd say the average time to wait is around three hours which isn't too bad, but there have been times when it's been 12, 18 hours where the patient has had to wait in a stripped down, secure room because access was too busy or access has been there almost as long trying to find placement. If the patient doesn't have insurance they fall to state mental health and they only take patients when nobody else will it seems. Sometimes patients get placement hours and hours away from family/friends because there's nothing else available.

It's pretty sad when the wait time for placement is so long, though in the ED's favor they're good at keeping patients comfortable and accommodating with food, medication, etc. in the meantime. It's a good hospital, it's just the ED can't really do much when they're dependent on separate mental health services to take over. The EMTs and ED are very responsive but they don't have enough psych services to back them up.

We might be putting in a small psych ward though, so I've heard. It's certainly needed, access patients are very common here and a lot also have drug abuse problems. Fair amount of kids too (<18), maybe 20%. Even if it's just a more comfortable and supportive way-station to more permanent placement it would be very welcome.
Blade Runner isn't a date movie, either. Well, for a subset of couples, but horror movies are more date friendly than cerebral scifi.
"Notice, especially, the [potted plant](https://youtu.be/gsfT_5OQJSI?t=126)."
It's kinda appropriate for Han's backstory given that his last name is not so subtly double in meaning, given his personality. If they continue the trend for other character-focused films it would be lazy though.
Nope.
Wait... which parts are the dicks?
[Are we the baddies?](https://youtu.be/hn1VxaMEjRU)
And when the day arrives 

I'll become the sky 

And I'll become the sea

And the sea will come to kiss me 

For I am going home

Nothing can stop me now
I think the scene probably makes sense from a sword fighting perspective, it just seems odd to a layperson I think. Especially swords that take little to no effort to actually cut.

I actually rewatched the scene and there's that one bit just before where Anakin does a flip over ObiWan from his robot platform to Obi Wan's and Obi misses him, so you could argue it's a case of fool me once/foreshadowing/etc. Honestly I think the only way he could've walked away from that fight was to disengage, but clearly his arrogance wouldn't let him do that.
You could tell that just from her boobs?
About that, yes. 
It’s a fair point. As the comic illustrated though the scene is just a little odd because there’s all this space on the hill, you’d think Anakin had other options. I always thought Lucas should’ve made Obi’s position a little more claustrophobic just for the sake of first impressions. It’s easy to rationalize after but when i first saw it i was like Uhhhhh move over?
It doesn't put Anakin in any better of a position to defend himself anyway. The thing that's weird about that whole sequence is that it's prefaced with Anakin completing a huge leap from the falling tower and making a precise pinpoint landing on the mining droid. The way the high ground scene is shot makes it look like a piece of cake in comparison. 
I've only ever heard of removing mastering effects on the master bus, but I'm by no means an expert. Seems silly to remove all the effects on all the channels for bouncing, might as well just send the song file at that point because it's not going to resemble the final song in any way whatsoever.
Didn't need to be a shockwave, just a short, strong rush of air. You can see it in the way the flames move. It seems pretty clear that it knocked down the person in white. Having said that it looked like he/she was probably already off-balance trying to pivot suddenly, so it probably wouldn't take much. 
BITCH I'M A MINIBUS
Pretty good band name as well.
Something's going to spurt, but it's probably not Mr. Hammond.
Younglings! Gather around the downvote arrow!
Jesus that dude needs to calm the fuck down. I mean yeah, if people are just randomly looking for fixes on the internet without thinking and patience, and throwing the motherboard into the oven becomes the proverbial "when all you have is a hammer everything looks like a nail" solution, sure, there are going to be a multitude of examples that didn't do shit. Doesn't mean it doesn't work in the right circumstances.
"Alright pigs, today we're going to learn the 'downward spiral.' I hope your insurance premiums are met."
Not to be pedantic but I'll just add that screeners used to be sent out to video stores as a promotional item. Back in the day screener rips used to be a lot more common before video store rentals were completely killed off, now it's mostly just the Oscar noms. Anyway the practice goes back to VHS as well. I only mention it because I did a lot of time in indie video stores.
The putt putt fountain shot still rules over all   
Something something Colby. 
I think it just seems like extra cheese in the context of this story. It's dark and shitty looking because whoever directed and wrote it couldn't come up with much that was actually scary. Darkness and decay in horror is something that should enhance the fear not be the crutch for it, with some rare exceptions (eg. Pitch Black, or It Comes At Night where the dark is an active player in the story).
"Oh look, it's another horror hospital with checkerboard tiles and a severe black mold problem. Yay."
>"Nine Inch Nails were the most popular industrial group ever..."

What do you mean, "were"?
“What is my purpose?”

“You’re a fan.”

“Oh my god.”
I'm kind of surprised more people don't understand the "damned if you do, damed if you don't" situation victims find themselves in, never mind victims who are famous and/or abusers who are famous. It's played itself out enough times in pop culture, unfortunately.
You just drop in WAHPOW drop down and get pitted. 
Minima

Maxima

Noice
I don’t know how literally it should be taken. A lot of stories draw from mythology of all kinds but flip parts of it or turn it around to put a different spin on things. 
I mean, Anakin was birthed to no father plus prophecies and Jedi are basically a religious order etc etc. It’s all over the franchise. 
I always positioned the roll so that one end was at the ends of my fingers and the over braced against the base of my palm, so if I overdid it with force the roll bent into my palm, thus stopping the inevitable spray of coins. Then I just cracked it against the counter in the middle and finished splitting it open over the tray. It's been awhile since I've worked in retail but the coins wrapped in plastic by the bank we're usually the easiest to deal with this way because the plastic didn't split like crazy the way a paper wrapped roll can, but it's not the hardest thing to get the hang of imho. Dealing with the fucking customers was far more patience-straining.
I wonder if he's holding onto names until a time when an accusation will be taken seriously rather than being brushed off in a sidebar article of an entertainment news site and forgotten. Not to mention making an accusation and being brushed off for it is like being injured all over again, another case of the abuser getting away with it but now publicly. 
Hunger Games cast actually did the opposite and elevated the material. 
Adam West Batman suffers from the same issue. He’s the same dude in and out of costume. 
I don’t like sand. 
I mean, that’s basically the Bible in broad strokes. 
Patent pending Analogue Tweezer Behavior.
EA is actually an old company, at least by video game company standards.
Dis gonna be messy... me no watchin!
REEEEEE^EEEEEEEE^EEEEEEEE
YOUR new open field, Ned?
“Fly you fools!”
Going to defend OP by pointing out that stepping away from sensationalist news is not the same as ignorance. In fact not buying into sensationalist news and social media puts you into a better position of taking something seriously with a little more emotional sobriety.  
I imagine there are any number of drainage setups that wouldn't be particularly difficult to get into. Especially around housing developments with modernized drainage systems.
UNLEASH THE KRAKENA
^o O ^o   oh^no
Yep. 
“They said they fixed it! It’s not my fault!”
It’s tropes then. 
How can I be my own cousin and not be the Hand? It's insulting!
“He’s using my mixtapes for ammo?!”
Those are just in case Ming the Merciless tries to crash the party.
Even just a look from one can make the brown parts of your guts spill out. Of your ass.
Not convinced until it releases Half-Life 3.
Insulin or not, you must know your organs are doomed!
And so it is.
Don't be unwise

judge me not by my size

You won't believe your eyes

once the X-wing rise!
ITT: A lot of people using Apple Maps on Mustafar. 
I could be wrong but I think the examples you're pointing out are closer to consistent personality traits rather than specific random incidents of transient stupidity / foot in mouth / clumsiness /etc. I think the article is referring to the latter. Like that joke about how your brain reminds you of some embarrassing shit you did in high school and it winds up keeping you up at night cringing. Stop cringing because nobody cares (probably, unless it was an Academy Award winning staggeringly memorable fuckup).
"It looks... similar."

(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
... for my new Empire.
"What do gamers what most from the next installment?"

"Let me scour the social medias and get back to you."

...

"Okay, here's the list."

"Great, so DLC items done. What's next on the agenda?"

"Ummmm... 'Asking graphics card vendors what new video cards they want to sell so we can set the minimum specs.'"
I know when the day comes that I'm face to face with an Abrahams M1 Battletank armed by the Big Bad Government I'm going to want my Glock by my side.
Not required in this one. Just read it normally. 
"R4, scramble code five to Coruscant, care of the Old Folks' Home. Tell them I'm not climbing ten-thousand flights of stairs for ten fucking droids."
Saw him in 1989 with The Replacements. At the time I was more into alt rock so I really went for The Replacements but I stayed for Petty. Show was [banging](https://www.setlist.fm/setlist/tom-petty-and-the-heartbreakers/1989/mann-music-center-philadelphia-pa-33dfa419.html)
"Guys! Guys! It's that stupid human that makes gobbling noises!"

"LOL I'm dying! Holy shit!"

"LOL OMG my breasts! Stop!"

"Stop! Stop! I can't take it!"
Various articles seem to repeat "suffered an injury" which sounds non-life threatening to me. He could've been immobilized by EMS, suffered a concussion, or had painkillers administered, any number of things really that would make him immobile but not dead or dying.

I wouldn't worry too much until reports say something actually worrisome.
Good relations with the Lifeguards, I have.
IIRC there were versions of that cover where the missing face part was shiny. Not mirror shiny but aluminum foil shiny. But yeah I always liked that cover design and the *Carrie* one too.
You could also just assume that the simulation isn't simulating the entire universe in real time all at once, just the parts that are being observed. In which case, and I'm far from an expert, I would assume such a simulation could just bork our observations without having to actually simulate them.

If there is proof we're in a simulation it's probably exists on purpose for us to discover when sufficiently enlightened, which I imagine is a good deal further down the line from where we are now. So really the answer to the question for the foreseeable future is still "it doesn't matter" unless you're a theoretical physicist.


I think there's probably a happy medium between XL and building a pro studio room. XL knows his shit and has well-trained ears. For the rest of us some basic treatment to take the edges off the room acoustics isn't exactly going to fuck your mixes in the real world.
The resonators really yowl on those things.
I will make it street legal.
He is the insomniac, Anakin! Don't listen to him!
To be fair, most redheads are probably one "gingers eat souls, right lol" joke away from cutting themselves.
Congress or not, you must know your regulations are doomed. 
I haven’t seen it yet but I’d read it first. It was an interesting story from what I remember. 
Well, *technically* nobody has actually opened up the exosuit on LV-426 to see what's inside. Up until *Prometheus* it was assumed to actually be the alien's body, not a suit. So really anyone could be in there, up to and including David.

In any case, although I've generally enjoyed the new films I thought killing the Engineers in *Covenant* to be a hollow easy out. I didn't care for it. I suppose the argument is David is aware they are an advance space-fairing species so simply wiping out the home world doesn't mean they're all dead, it's more akin to wiping out a human city on Earth, I sill didn't care for that choice. I wanted Shaw to make it there and meet them, even if David did everything the same after. I was looking forward to that. *shrug*
Honestly you just needed the headline and screenshot for that one.
To be even more fair if they are open at the small end it would still conduct quite a bit of sound through the glass at the other end. 
Bourgeois On Board
The plan is to make humanity so ridiculous that the killer AI just build ships and leave.  
It’s not a schooner it’s a sailboat. 
r/holdmydata
I think Google scorched-earthed their porn results a handful of years back, didn't they? Seems a little less so as of late but I remember they really nuked the hell out of their database at one point.
I think it's still tracking the player's car that caused the wreck, so kudos for doing that right.
I think the 9-10 upgrade cycle is just strange this time around. It's actually been a year and a half since version 9, it's just that there was I think substantial influx of users that actually paid for Reason 9.5, so they're understandably miffed. I think for the people who got 9.5 free for having 9 are less put off.

Having said that it is a little odd to have what seems like a pure content upgrade for a major release, but perhaps the Props will put out some functionality updates within the 10-11 cycle. I can't see how they wouldn't if they're sticking to the roughly 1.5 year update cycle.
I think it's more of an character identity thing, like Chewie's bowcaster, Lando's cape or Leia's hair buns. Plus it's a reminder of Jakku and why she waited there for so long.

I like it. It's practical and although she didn't use it a ton in TFA it at least gives some validity to her untrained prowess with a lightsaber.
Try white spandex, that’s a good trick. 
Helllooo boyos!
What you have to do is have a normal one made, give it to your kid and let him get used to it for a couple weeks, and then one night while he’s brushing his teeth swap it out with the fucked up one. Then deny you see anything wrong with it when he freaks out. #sociopathgoals
It’s capable but needs some beefing up. MIDI editing too. I personally don’t have a problem with it but it’s lagging behind other DAWs. 
The blackest brother in the galaxy. Nubian god!
I actually managed to get the edition with the second minidisc that had "Physical" and "Suck" on it just by chance. Sold it years ago because I don't have much collector in my blood, but it was cool at the time along with the fold out packaging. I still think it's the nicest NIN CD package of a standard release. Fragile was good too but there's something about the orange/black of Broken.
TENACIOUS TRENT

Gave up.

Figured it out.
R2 will be here soon and he’ll release the TAKE A SEAT shield. 
Uh oh! Blast them!
Running iOS r/FuckMyShitUp 
Ents move faster than I remember. 
Trent rocking that tambourine like a baws. 
Well didn’t he perform it with Pigface first? I can’t remember. The two versions are so different it’s difficult to say which one is the original. 
I like Novation, they make good quality hardware at pretty reasonable prices but yeah there's a certain "general purpose EDM" sound about them, which is not to say you can't push them in a certain direction, but there's a limit. I mean the worst you can say about their stuff is that it does a lot of things well with quality customer service, nothing wrong with that really.
I thought maybe it was Ark which seems like a psychopath magnet from what I’ve seen. 
Does to me if you Google image her. Same build same haircut. Face is very close.
Are you sure? I’ve never been to a mannequin factory. Maybe mannequins are made of people. 
It should be okay as long as OP doesn't have aspirations. 
Oh really, I didn't know that. That's an odd choice, especially when they're charging roughy the same amount of money you could get a DX7 for if you're patient. Clearly it's smaller and easier to use, but still strange.
Hopefully he has carotid arteries made of steel too.
Well I mean a preset is the wavetable(s) plus all the filter, mod, effects and other settings. The wavetables are just .wav files formatted in a specific way. You can use them in Expanse but you're not getting any of the preset settings that go along with it.

Which is to say if you want to use Serum presets you'll need to buy Serum. Expanse and Serum are very similar but not interchangeable. I would imagine that if you used the same wavetables in a Serum preset inside Expanse you could manually get something close to a Serum preset in Expanse but I haven't tried it myself.

I have both and I favor Expanse for reasons I can't quite articulate, just personal preference. Part of it might be RE bias over VST, but it is CPU heavy. Serum is more expensive but on the other hand it has a larger user base which is always a plus, and it seems to be a little more CPU friendly. If you can hang in there a little longer the Props will do their Holiday sale and since Serum is on their store now there might be a substantial discount. There almost certainly will be for Expanse.
People are probably getting more interesting stuff out of the Volca because it's just easier to deal with than most FM synths. I don't have one, but by most accounts it seems to be pretty fun to use even if you're new to FM synthesis (plus it has a few extra tricks up its sleeve like an arp that the DX7 doesn't). An actual DX7 is probably going to be an exercise in frustration. There's the Yamaha DX Reface too which looked cool last I watched some videos on it, but it might be a little more fiddly to program than a Volca, but maybe more DX7 "accurate?" Not sure.
AFAIK you can't load Serum presets into Expanse, you can just load up the wavetables.
Canon or not, that seems pretty unfeasible even for Star Wars. The second Death Star was even larger and there must have been thousands upon thousands of chunks of debris traveling at massive speed and any number of vectors. Even a chunk the size of a bus is going to do some damage. Plus they were too busy getting their asses handed to them when it blew. Ain't nobody got time for that.

Honestly it would just be easier to say the core explosion vaporized most of it, given the kind of power the Death Star had.
I think he's just irritated there's a glass on his head.

-_-
Taking care of a relative's sick child at a mission in a foreign country. Got it.
No it doesn't. The whole point of stop drop and roll is that it's successful more often than not, and it's easy to drill into people, not that it works 100% of the time.
I like replaying Jade Empire just for the look of it and the ambient background music. Just the whole atmosphere of it really hooked me. 
Do they even field test these things anymore?
Yeah, Alexa was programmed by people. When AI start programming other AI that's when we're fucked. 
Then you are lost!
FUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Remember ["brushed metal"](http://toastytech.com/guis/osx13finder1.png)?

*shiver*

Edit: Wow, no idea so many people had a fondness for it. All I can say is thank heavens for [Shapeshifter](http://macgui.com/downloads/?cat_id=10).
Problem is people keep wanting Apple to pull a "today, we introduce iPod" or "today, we introduce iPhone" every single year. It's just not going to happen, it's not technically possible to wow people like that every year. You get something like an iPod and then ten years of features getting tacked on until something makes it obsolete (ie. iPhone, or at least iPhone 5-ish when storage plus music streaming basically rendered iPods obsolete).

Probably the next thing will be when Apple Watch gets advanced enough that we don't need iPhones anymore, but until then we're stuck in incremental update hell, at least on the mobile end of things.
I will make it legal.
Master-Final-09-ReallyFinal-Seriously-NoReallyLastPass.wav
Modular wall: "SLEEP ON THE FLOOR, HUMAN."

"Oh...Oh-Okay."
Yeah but they're Star Wars solar panels which means they utilize 5000% of the radiative energy hitting them.
I think OP is trying to imply that remakes/reboots/etc. make more money than original films. I have no data to back that up but on a hunch it's probably true, all other metrics being equal (the films you're comparing are competently directed, written and acted).
Hey we're the ones that jerked off to all the no filter shit that came out of her mouth and made her famous. Don't backpedal now because it's become mildly offensive. 
"Fuck you, fleshwurld."
**space sugar*
Comedies are good in packed theaters because of the infectious laughter.
Fucking normie room.
I HATE OBJECT IN MIRROR
Start your own subreddit, then.
Joke's on him if he thinks I'm smart, I watched the whole season ON MY FUCKING PHONE.
You mean above the 4-H logo?
"The sandworms are not what they seem."
Or what year is this [place]?
>or if she was never dead in the first place

So close, almost...
"Fuck you, Gordon Ramsey you motherfucker!"
I'm not your amigo, comrade!
Then you are Surface!
Harder: Dude has seen some shit. Seriously though he has been through a lot, enough to break most people. Jeffries lost his shit in FWWM, although his teapotted incarnation seems more clearheaded. 
You can see something similar with a whirlpool with a decent amount of water around it and floating debris on the surface; little bits of grass and whatnot. The bits far enough out will "orbit" around the whirlpool. If it's just a random one in nature caused by a flood or storm the "orbits" won't be stable because of water flow variations and such but you can get the idea watching it
I've found abstract and surreal movies to often be deceptively simple. it's easier to start with feeling and emotion, assume it's intentional, the artist wants you to feel that way, and then work backwards to understanding. It backfires if the artist in question isn't actually skilled and is just throwing up stuff onscreen to be an edgelord, but Lynch obviously knows what he's doing. If you do that then the details that seem confusing, contradictory, seemingly random, etc turn into triggers or pointers rather than objective hard narrative clues. 
How can I have this badass black life support S&M-esque armor and not be a Sith Lord? It's insulting! It's even got blinky lights on the front! These gloves are real leather!
Yeah, well the TP crowd is perhaps slightly more diverse than the core Lynch crowd. People can have this weird relationship with artists where they can fall into an entitlement trap, especially after a 25 year wait. It's an exceptional case where it's understandable.

I don't agree with it, there was maybe one episode that I was meh about that felt a bit like a filler episode, but overall I love what he and Frost and cast gifted us when it felt like FWWM was the nail in the TP coffin for so many years. It feels more complete to me now, something FWWM really couldn't accomplish as a prequel. S03 wasn't at all what I expected, even though Lynch was at the helm I dreaded a warmed over nostalgic class reunion and it wasn't, so I can't complain. 
To be fair he was kinda cock teasing us with the callbacks and really everything right up until the last ten minutes. It's only when Sarah Palmer fails to answer the door and there's only 4 minutes left when closure leaves the room. But we got something honest, which is better even if it hurts a little.
"Don't turn away from love, Sailor!"
"I see you have an Existential Dread button. Let me push it."
I don't think there's any conflict that would invalidate anything, it just loops around so to speak. If someone wanted to take on a mad quest you could probably edit all three seasons and FWWM together in a mostly linear master story. But it ain't gonna be me. : - )
I thought the look he gave when he lost Laura's hand in the forest was so heartbreaking. Maybe I'm projecting but it seemed like sadness followed by resolute determination. Sad but refusing to let it get to him. Crazy good nonverbal acting throughout really. Body language and everything was on point the whole season. For everyone really but Kyle especially. 
Maybe partially. I mean, when your antagonist is brought into the world through a gateway created by a nuclear explosion there is no easy closure there. I'm beginning to speculate as others are that he did it on purpose; painted himself into a corner to force the uncomfortable ending. There's really no way that Coop could undo what's been done, but he tried, and maybe that's the real takeaway. I can live with that. 
She can belt one out for sure, which is not unusual in itself, but that edge she can put on it like nails on a chalkboard. Jesus. Haunting as fuck. Solid gold.
Coop in the diner kicking ass and waving his gun around was definitely giving me some Bad Coop vibes. On the other hand it could just be that he knew he needed to focus to figure shit out and he might not be able to completely trust anyone in whatever world he was in so he was being cautious. He's definitely uneasy pretty much from leaving the Lodge and seeing Diane onwards, like he's not exactly sure how to proceed. Which makes sense.
*sploosh*
<><>
I was hoping for some kind of closure, but honestly, I love and have loved Lynch because he's one of the few directors who can make a story inside a reasonably coherent narrative (i.e. not pure abstract film making) and have me say "What the fuck?" at the end of it. There aren't many living directors that have the balls to do that, there's always that pull to either put clear answers onscreen and/or let it sit awhile and then explain it in an interview later that wins out more often than not. Lynch is like, fuck all that, life is full of secrets. Deal with it. *sunglasses*
"And you... You're too fucking... *blonde*!"
Yeah I mean you could take the same script and hand it to five directors and essentially get five different films. Regardless of how much of the ideas and script are Kubrick it's still a Spielberg movie.

I remember seeing Revenge of the Sith in theaters and seeing that shot of the crash landing where the nose of the ship slides toward and stops at the camera thinking Lucas was apeing Spielberg only to find out Spielberg had input on that bit (and some other bits apparently).

Spielberg did try at points I think to channel Kubrick but I still feel like it's a Spielberg flick with some of the not so great tendencies Spielberg has, namely doing a dodge and weave when things get too dark. 
The OG bromance.
Well we haven't been back to the Lodge where Dopple Leland and Dopple Laura are, and seeing how the season panned out they didn't have much reason to show up really. Maybe when Dopple Coop goes back (which I can only assume will happen) we'll get some Ray Wise and Sheryl Lee goodness. Or badness as the case may be.
When I saw it, that dialog and the BB-8 thumbs up/flip off in that scene got the most laughs, and you could almost feel the audience relax with a "okay we're on board now" sigh of relief.
If a Terry come up on this store evens thinkin' 'bout tryin' do somethin', we gonna draxx them sklounst.
Ulysses complex oscillators are unparalleled.
If everyone is on the list then nobody is on the list. 
DILLION! YOU SON OF A BITCH!
If I'm judging the light source correctly there might be some shadow from the book that lands there but not as much as they have.
Looks like there's a Dark Tower Roland in there under horror. 
I mean, the Death Star outsizes all of those doesn't it? People call it a space station but it travels through space with relative ease, it's not like it's fixed in orbit. Kinda blurs the line between a space ship and a space station but even if you write it off, it's not like there's some hard limit on amount of mass that can be moved in Star Wars.

Granted I haven't read any post TFA EU stuff, but it strikes me that the First Order is a bit different than the Empire in the sense that they don't have control of a core system of planets the way the Empire did. When the Empire came to power, for all intents and purposes all Republic core systems became Empire systems. If the First Order doesn't have that kind of control it would make some sense to have a massive mobile base of operations. Perhaps it's not just Snoke's ship but also a factory, training center, refueling station, etc. etc. *shrug*
"I... am... not... your... butthole..."
TURN DOWN FOR COLE!
I'm a little teapot...
HOBBIT
Could've been.his longtime assistant, Marsha. So he's technically telling the truth but nothing nefarious is going on. 
Then she flew the fuck out like a popped balloon animal.
The usual spot I would assume. 
Heh. Live*stream*. 
Shun the nonbeliever! Shun! SHUN!
Well, by strict definition doppelgängers and tulpas are different things.

>A doppelgänger is a look-alike or double of a living person, sometimes portrayed as a paranormal phenomenon, usually seen as a harbinger of bad luck. In other traditions and stories, they recognize one's 'double-goer' as an evil twin. Doppelgänger is a German word. In modern times, the term twin stranger is occasionally used.

>Tulpa , nirmita, or thoughtform, is a concept in mysticism of a being or object which is created through spiritual or mental powers. The term comes from Tibetan "emanation" or "manifestation". Modern practitioners use the term to refer to a type of imaginary friend.

I suppose both could technically be "manufactured" but a tulpa definitely is something that's called into being out of thin air, whereas a doppelgänger I think is more commonly a naturally occurring entity, or infused with a spirit. Bad Diane is just a husk with Diane-like qualities but she doesn't have any spiritual connection to the real Diane in the same way that DoppelCoop or DoppelLaura in the Lodge do to Good Coop and Good Laura.

Maybe another way to look at it (at least in Twin Peaks) is that "originals" and "doppelgängers" are spiritually indestructible, even when they die IRL their spirits continue to either reside in the Black Lodge or the White Lodge, but tulpas can be destroyed without much (or any) consequence to the people they represent.
I wonder if the Roadhouse will be proud to present Agent Tammy Preston? That would be super cool.
I liked how when he was saying goodbye to them in the casino, Cooper played the part of Dougie, and when they started to catch on he just kinda doubled down because he didn't want to upset them, especially Sonny Jim because he's just a kid, but Janey-E too.

"You've made my heart so full."

Classic Coop.
I did not hit her, it's bullshit! I did nahhhhhhht!
"The ground is broken!"
Pretty sure it's when they're u-turning to go back for Luke.
I can't even imagine how awkward/fun it was to film this.
Daddy's hurting...
The business up insider business.
\#MakeAmericaGreenAgain
I have to give props to his *'Salem's Lot* which is pretty fucking good for a TV miniseries of it's time. Plus it has David Soul.
*Lifeforce* came out when I was 13/14. Perfect timing. The VHS rental tapes of it used to go all fuzzy with static around the nude parts because the tape got stressed out from being paused by so many people. Actually, a lot of 80's horror movies had that problem.
I agreed with you right up until Yosemite.
Your God Emperor should be able to #MAGA it out of existence with his high energy spicy memes.
Portal gun or not, you must know you are doomed.
*shake*

"Did you ever"

*shake*

"hear the tragedy"

*shake*

"of Darth Plagueis"

*shake*

"the Wise"

*shake*

"?"
Maybe. I suspect a lot of those apps don't work anymore so you could use it as a phone but probably not much else that could get you in trouble. I don't have one though so I could be wrong. 
Then you must know Master OC.
"Not bad.. for a... G-Man."
You're so cool, Brewster!
Vader be like, "Daaaymn son! Did someone order takeout from Mustafar Express? Sheeeet!"
So you're saying it's only available as AU if you buy Gadget, hence the cash grab?

I wonder if they'll refresh the existing VST if the modeling is better. Has more features, but if the signal processing is exactly the same as the existing VST that's kinda lame.
I thought Gadget on Mac installed AUs?
*tips Jedi cloak hood*
She's married to the US Treasury Secretary and got into a pissing match with someone on Instagram about economics.
Probably a weather satellite. They're in a higher orbit. 
Give it a 100 years or so. 
It's probably part what you said and part Lynch wanting to respect Bowie and not replacing him with some half baked facsimile. 
THE BLACK DOG RUNS AT NIGHT
All I could think was, "Okay, this is great and all, but what weird, bad, disgusting shit is going to happen to balance it? Oh... the rest of the episode? Oh, okay. Thanks, David."
Is he bringing additional bandwidth?
Not of anything to say about it I have. - Origin
I was just joking. I haven't looked at them yet but prob sample rate.
One's lowfi and one's highfi. 
Well, I think the key takeaway people are trying to emphasize here is government involvement. The point is if some random knocks you on your ass for saying something it's not a free speech violation.
I like Kylo as a character. There was something interesting about him from the moment he makes his entrance; the way he stalks onscreen, but lazily, the distorted menacing voice but over casual word choices. It's a nice contrast to Vader's measured, controlled way of movement and speaking. There were times Vader was cheeky but at the same time you always knew he really wasn't fucking with you. And the way Kylo got down to Poe's level when he's down on his knees on Jakuu. Vader never would've done that.

I liked Maul well enough but honestly he was too much Vader 2.0. Kylo actually has his own thing going on and he sold me after that first scene. I was like, "Well this is different." 
Disney and the Star Wars IP practically has a black hole level of pull for talent as well. Not just actors but every level of production. 
Anakin's New Helmet
Well the galaxy is big, and it's pretty clear the Empire is having trouble controlling it all, and not everyone is on board obviously. There are a lot of nooks and crannies where things could take place where he could be relatively hidden. Maybe he could wear masked armor as cover, or maybe he could be forced into a moral choice of having to be the agressor and kill people unprovoked in order to keep his existence (and Luke by proxy) a secret. Not kill completely innocent people obviously because you don't want to over tarnish Obi Wan's code or standing as a morally clearheaded Jedi, but you know, something questionable from a Jedi standpoint. Maybe bending the "always for defense, never attack" thing. Dunno.

I'm just spitballing but I think if you're going to make an interesting story I think you'd have to challenge the expectation that he's stuck on Tatooine and he won't do anything bold to blow his cover, come up with some kind of story that forces his hand, that would make for some good tension IMHO. They always say for good character development you're supposed to "chase your protagonist up a tree and then throw rocks at them." Force them into shitty places and see what happens.
Third pic is creepy af. I like the way the balloon is blowing into the frame on the first one, makes it look off-kilter and unnatural.
People joke about this but SW is nothing if not stories of people being stuck somewhere and getting thrown out into the galaxy on some crazy ass adventure. If the Empire isn't aware of Luke's presence it's not like Obi Wan is chained to Tatooine. It could start and end there but really they're free to do just about anything in between. It might even be interesting to do some thing where he is kept away from Tatooine for a long period of time against seemingly impossible odds (imprisonment, etc.), and the audience is like, "Well we know he gets back, but how the fuck is he getting out of this" type adventure. Possibilities are limitless really.
I suppose they could do that but honestly I think everyone just wants to see Ewan back again. He was just so goddamn good at it. Except for maybe the hardest of the hard core prequel haters people liked/loved his Obi Wan. If they did a prequel prequel without him you're now asking the audience to buy into a third person playing the same character that has to live up to Alec and Ewan's performances. Seems like a bit much to ask, at least before Ewan is done with it, which I don't think he is.
People bitch and moan about trailers for various reason but I still feel like you can get a pretty solid sense of a film from them. Not the details/changes/adaptions that you may or may not like but just if there's any love behind the project that will make it solid, or if it's just a cash grab, a development hell spawn, or what have you.

The trailers for IT have been encouraging. Watching the trailers for Dark Tower gave me a solid "meh" impression that had nothing to do with plotting or casting, just the presentation felt pretty lackluster.
YOU ARE WITNESSING A FRONT THREE QUARTER VIEW OF TWO ADULTS SHARING A TENDER MOMENT
Negotiations were short. 
Same reason I don't really want reddit to ban r_d, so we can keep an eye on them.
I'm glad people are coming/came around on KOTOR 2 because I really liked it for some of the same reasons people mentioned in this post, but at the time I think people felt so burned by the rushed ending that it ruined the whole game for them.
"Cool story, bro."
Gotcha. I only mentioned it b/c that's where most people know her from.
RIP headphone users.
Did you not see the Matrix movies? She was The Merovingian's main squeeze, Persephone.
When he said "I had a Monica Bellucci dream," I was like, "Uhhhh..." and then she showed up and I thought, "Oh, he means *literally*."
Clackers.
*boink*
I'm going to go against the grain and put my money on r/incels
> I also would like to be able to slice midi notes with the razor tool. It seems like such a glaring omission -- does FL own some sort of patent on that? Oh, and moving notes around with the arrow keys would be neat, too.

You can do these with 9.5. Razor tool and Cmd+arrow to move notes (I guess Ctrl+arrow on Windows, not sure). You can move clips and notes this way, even by ticks if you want (look up the key commands).


The cake... chew it
Michael Landon Memorial Highway.
> Hallucinogen Persisting Perception Disorder 

"HPPD is distinct from flashbacks by reason of its relative permanence; while flashbacks are transient, HPPD is persistent."
It's okay, you still don't know about how Snoke is really Sauron and Kylo is the physical embodiment of the One Ring and Kylo does a musical number singing "Wrapped Around Your Finger" by The Police.
BPM is a little low, but it's in the right ballpark sound-wise.
Yeah, I think it could've been edited a little tighter. And, I dunno, I'm sure Zane Lowe is a decent bloke that knows his stuff but his speaking style puts me off a little. It's like he's trying to do a solid straight voice over and sound casual at the same time.
Good points.

I feel like when it comes to things like this people get a little obsessed with a magic genie inside vintage hardware that will grace them with inspiration, and while I feel like there is something genuinely magical about vintage gear, the reason they're lauded in the first place is because people took the time to coax out the genie and created memorable music with them. When some of them came out people thought they were crap, not just 80s and 90s stuff but 00s too. It's a joke that the Rhythm Wolf will go for thousands in 20 or 30 years, but all it takes is one or two hit songs and it just might. Wouldn't surprise me anyway.

There are limitations to ACB Roland stuff but by the same token analog can be a pain in the ass in other ways. I think if a TR-08 sounds like 95% decent or better, it's great, otherwise just save your pennies to buy a real one plus a little extra for the repair costs.
Well I mean there's the Yocto so it's not 100% impossible, but a 1:1 probably. I just don't think electronic parts are made the way they used to be, and for an instrument that depends so heavily on the exact flow of electrons, no you probably can't build it again in any "literally as good as the original" way.

But, as many people have said before, 808s are almost never straight recorded as 808s anymore anyone. The sound in context of tracks has morphed so much it almost doesn't matter anymore. The TR-08 might as well be the second coming of the 808 for all intents and purposes.
"Avoid" is a bit strong. It is well done, it's not as if it's "unwatchable mess avoid." Just be aware that it is, yes, just about the music scene around it and its influence, not the technical aspects of it's development. It would've been nice if they had touched on that a little, but I enjoyed it. Maybe because I lived through it all it was more interesting to me.

If you want to understand how the 808 sits in the history of music, it's a good doc, but it's not *I Dream of Wires* for the 808.
I was obsessed with having one when i was a kid because Mr Rodger had one. 
5k display... from space. 
Right, differing from the post which looks like hard core modular, which is all I was getting at really. Wasn't trying to be pedantic but Reason isn't really designed to be modular. It can do it definitely, in a way that say Logic can't unless you're running Softube Modular, but most of the time a lot of the cabling in Reason tends to be modulation and triggers rather than straight up synth patching.
Oh sure, I've had it since 1.0 as well (although I strayed away during the dark ages of the separate Reason/Record apps which didn't really gel with me, came back with v8). When I said signal flow I meant audio *and* CV although I wasn't clear about it.

I mean, stock Reason is semi-modular, but not modular in the sense that you *have* to start cabling to hear anything. You could never flip the rack and still make music with it, but since rack extension came into play you can literally build modular synths if you want to. That's all I meant really. It's not a bad starting point to learn modular synthesis but a whole lot of work is done for you by the Props to be honest.

I love it, it's very flexible in a way most DAWs aren't (Ableton is obviously but in a different less visually literal way). Like I said, you can just stay on the surface or really get stuck in and it does great with both workflows.
Those were my thoughts. Course it's always easier to make something sound worse. It's cool, I dig it. Basically feel the same about it ad the 09 which is that it fills a gap between using samples in the box and buying a much more expensive orig or slightly less expensive clone. 
Reason isn't really "modular" the way Eurorack is modular. You can do modular esque synthesis with it but the cabling part of it on the back is more about signal flow between instruments and effects. More virtual studio, although to be fair it's gotten closer to actual modular synthesis with some specific rack extensions (and now VSTs). 
I mean, if NK launches anything it's suicide really, they mist know that. It would be suicide if the Obama administrator was in office. I'm not convinced they're serious about it. 
I know you're not, but there's a ton of audio stuff that's redundant. TR8 might be too much for someone that just wants an 808 without soldering a kit or paying through the nose for a real one. I mean, with the saturation of samples for 909s and 808s etc. you could argue the TR8 is redundant and an unnecessary expense for say 85% or so of non professional non performing bedroom producers. With the DAW and processing power we have now there's a pretty solid argument against a lot of hardware synths especially if it's digital DSP based. That's only going to get stronger as an argument. 
I watched this the other day and I was like, "I still don't understand how Yorke doesn't know how to play his own song." I mean, it's not *that* complicated, or did I miss something?
It's almost like different people have different needs.
Sounds like it's built in functionality, it's up on Roland's site.
Only thing I can think of is that the hardware and software to process the fingerprint is based on a circle at the moment so it might be difficult to rework it for an Apple logo shape. Being that part of the processor is sequestered away etc etc. 
Looks like it was right about when propellers were the "hammer" they were hitting all the nails with. 
*the sound of someone with a neurodevelopmental disorder exhaling violently through their vocal chords*
Looks like something that would be in an MTV promo ad back in the day. Like 90's back in the day, not the '00s.
Because.
From what i can gather the unique capability of the OP-1 is really the workflow and restrictions that funnel the user towards finishing something rather than getting sidetracked by which compressor plugin you want to use in the middle of being inspired.

Thing is most people don't want to pay 800 dollars for what amounts to lack of impulse control. I like it, but I don't 800 bucks like it to buy it. I think it's objectively overpriced for what you get, but at the same time I wouldn't say it's a waste of money.
It's red, white and blue. You hate America or something? /s
Seems like a lot of concept designs are so focused on conveying a specific function they often overlook some critical necessity. 
No tower either. I guess they're just winging it. 
"It's dead... wrapped in plastic."
I like the old school "Head" video reel tape coming off everything.
"Baby, you're still soft, don't I turn you on?"

"Trigger discipline!"
It's been a hit for me every episode and while i agree this one was a little weak, so far the series has been exceeding my expectations which were pretty negative leading up to the pilot. Maybe because of being disappointed by recent Hollywood remakes and revisitations and the way the second season wound up way back when. It could've been a lot worse. 
I love the Jacoby stuff. I feel like he's just a vessel for Lynch to go on a rant without Gordon being the one to do it. 
I thought it was fine. Honestly I'm surprised people are complaining about it. Shelly and Norma were a fan fav as well and they showed up with even less fanfare iirc. 
Are you sure? I didn't see an eel wrapped around it. 
Where are those cockblockas!?
Snoop Dog?! Need to get a jobby job!
CROOKED HILARY IS GOING TO JAIL! IT'S HAPPENING! 
Madman! He's killed us all! 
The whole sub is NSFW by default. 
I think Trent knows. I don't think he's being disingenuous in the interview, it's just that in the act of creation when doubts arise they put on various guises and one of them is, "will the fans like this," and it might even be in response to choosing one bass drum kick versus another, something relatively trivial in the scope of a whole album of music.

For someone like Trent who creates because he has to regardless of notoriety or not, once the fame is in place it can and does have a feedback loop on the kind of response that is fulfilling and the kind that is not. A fan specifically saying, "oh hey I really like the kick drum on X song" when you you spent the better part of a day trying to figure out that kick drum is worth more than a stack of 10/10 Pitchfork reviews.
Are you talking about corrupt files? If the originals are somehow damaged the backups will be as well, yes. 
> You make it sound like Tyson's out to ruin SW for other people.

No, I didn't mean to. I get that pop culture is a vector to discuss topics many consider dry and boring (not just science), that's totally fine. If he linked to a video or article that talked about it in an interesting way that'd be different, but to just take random pot shots on Twitter at petty SW inaccuracies seems cheap to me.

There's plenty of other scifi that's either attempting to be "hard" that get things wildly wrong that probably do more damage to people's understanding of science than Star Wars. SW is fantasy, basically. Nobody is taking shots at Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings for scientific breaches in accuracy. SW is the same, it's just wearing a scifi jacket.

I actually think it's more interesting to do the reverse; rather than debunk SW science, try to use science to discuss how it could be possible, or approximate, knowing what we know. Like figuring out how much energy a real Death Star would have to put out to actually blow up a planet. Someone did it awhile ago and I read it and was amazed.
I mean, criticizing SW physics is the epitome of low hanging fruit. There are so many things in it that don't conform to any known physics or science in general that you either just take it for what it is, or don't watch it at all if it bothers you that much. Accept that you're a hard-scfi person and move on.

NDT is trying to use it as a jumping off point to show how physics work, but honestly in a tweet it just comes off as annoying. They made a functional BB-8 toy, and while engineering doesn't scale up or down without problems, BB's movement and construction is probably one of the smallest leaps of logic in SW tbh.
If I remember my Bill Bryson correctly, nobody likes it because it's so well planned that it's too unnatural.
It is. Anyway, these kinds of comparisons are interesting up to a point, but raw computing power isn't all you need for space travel. It depreciates the importance of all the other technology required. I mean, the raw computing power residing on and dedicated to the ISS doesn't scale to safety of space travel on it's own, for example. It's still fucking dangerous out there.
Not sure if we're there yet, but there's probably a point we'll reach when that is true. I mean, the base of a wall charger does have a chip in it, right?
> atdt

Wow. That brought back some things. Like the first time I saw ASCII porn from a BBS.
360D chess
Her son is a bit young for RotS in general I think. I mean, Anakin burning is pretty graphic and him killing the younglings while not visually violent is kinda nightmare fuel for a kid. 
I felt the same about shitting on HtDA in a review for a NIN album. 
Offer a [possible solution](http://imgur.com/E3bh5pJ)?

For those not on iTunes I imagine there's a similar option in most music players.

I get it, but it's not something I want to listen to every time. Personally I was hoping for something more like the lead out to his cover of "Metal," something extended but with a little variation and build/release. 
And we're not wrong.
I mean, that's basically dialogue right there.
0:15

"Piss your pants, Joe?"

*nods*

"I did. I really did. Fuckin' flash flood alert."
Either Cora is OP's girlfriend, or OP doesn't have a girlfriend because OP is a bundle of sticks.
I feel like he was so blown away by the intensity of the color it was clouding his judgement. Like hearing a really deep bass coming out of ridiculous car speakers for the first time. 
I think he was trying to make an analogy rather than being literal but described it in a literal way, if that makes sense, for the sake of the random laypeople that would be watching the video that don't have the slightest clue how their monitors work or only the barest notion.
Well this one is. 
Finn has Resting Terrified Face.
I don't have the M1 but I have MS-20 and it's fine. The only gamebreaking trouble with running VSTs in Reason is if the VST version is lower than 2.4 and/or it's 32-bit only. If it's 2.4 VST and 64-bit capable you should be fine.

It's really only the older unsupported VSTs that are dicey, but if Korg is still selling it, I'm sure it's maintained for modern DAWs.
Yeah. I think Lynch embraces tropes and stereotypes of storytelling but he doesn't romanticize them, he just sort of less them be, warts and all.
No, I think you're right. It's just that his personality is very selfish and shallow. If someone wore goth clothes and listened to goth music they'd still be a goth even if they had a shitty personality. 
"Thank you for subscribing to Cat Facts!"
There was that one AMA from the guy with two dicks. 
I was actually wondering if it was real, there's a lot of really odd music gear out there, especially in the synth world. 
It's not not that big, just two rooms, a hallway and a flash mob of interior decorators hiding behind the curtains. 
Catering to the growing demographic of dudebro SW fans. 
Business Expenses : Miscellaneous 
I think it was just a symbolic gesture since he owned a ton of Apple stock and wasn't exactly living in poverty. 
It's the eyes. They look more steely and stern than Portman usually looked in the films. 
You can go there to learn spinning, a neat trick that comes in handy when it's treason, then.
With an A E S T H E T I C white marble statue?
It's getting hot in here, so take off all yo scales.
I know there are advantages to the minimal UI and clip launching for certain workflows but I can't get past it. It shouldn't bother me but it feels like such a sterile creative environment. 
To be fair taking B/W photos of redheads is a fucking travesty.  
Bill Gates: "It'll be on millions and millions of PCs, it'll be great for exposure and resume building."

"..."

"Okay fine. Let me see... How's half a mil? That's all I have on me right now."
Politicians are lizard people. Don't insult the lizards.
She reminds me of a runway model that got promoted to FBI agent.
Reminds me of something early The Orb would come up with this gear back then.
Yep. [Robotron 2084](https://youtu.be/aOVA2Axxfdk) which goes from, "Oh this is cool," to "Jesus Fucking Christ" in about 4 waves.
PHM came out my freshman fall semester in college, so having grown up with them and gone through the progression it's interesting hearing newcomer's reactions to their albums. At the time the Broken and Fixed EPs felt like much more of a departure than TDS. Of course the only other album out at the time was PHM, but in comparison they're quite different.

TDS was more or less "NIN meets Skinny Puppy" who were pretty popular at the time, at least in the industrial scene, so it wasn't that shocking. What was weird was hearing "Closer" get so much airplay on the radio. OTOH the early 90's were strange like that. There was a palpable mood in the air to push the limits, no doubt a peaking out of the Reagan/Bush years.

But yeah to just hear TDS out of the blue would be a WTF experience but at the time it felt pretty natural for the band, although it was mind blowing to hear it for the first time.
The Walking Dead would be a lot less gory if the characters knew how to parkour.
I HATE YOU
I'm not a Geiger expert but IIRC he sculpted as well, so he probably was doing the artwork and physical models concurrently. 
Terry's got this shit on... lock. He drax it sklonst.
That wind chime is like, "I did not sign up for this shit."
Apparently he's a Moose Lamb
*Trending* distinction. 
Space is the key to all of this. 
My intake of beans has doubled since we last met!
Looks like a DARPA robot with fur. 
*skooch*

*skooch*

*skooch*
She was kind of a floundering idiot back then too, to be honest. Couldn't host an interview to save her soul. 
He was a weatherboi

She said see ya later boi

His forecast wasn't good enough for her
Only if it was baptized. 
I think the way Lynch filmed it really gave it a sense of scale and wanton destructive power. And the music. It occurred to me that probably any other director would have gone for a more "realistic" shot, adding in fake camera shake as the shot moved closer and maybe fake heat distortion and other things, but Lynch just goes for the unrealistic ruler-straight shot right into the cloud, as if we're some otherworldly observer immune to the effects of the blast. I think it actually helps to make it more affecting.
Khansequences will never be the same!
People give LOST a lot of shit for the way it ended, but it really was something special in the way it revealed characterization through flashbacks, shedding light on the way the characters behaved in previous episodes and building tension because you knew their pasts would keep them from finding common ground no matter how hard their backs were against the wall. It had some shit episodes and even some lackluster seasons, but I will defend it as a good story overall.
I think OP probably meant interlude, but yeah, it's a very common trope in modern storytelling. I was expecting it without realizing I was, although not a whole episode length and definitely not the form it took. If you watch enough film and pay a little bit of attention, you can almost mark off story arcs just by how much time has passed relative to the total length of the work. Surrealist, abstract or not, it's a damn near inescapable rhythm to storytelling, unless the creator is straight up throwing random shit on screen or really intentionally breaking the rules.
I mean, he's a creator, so it could just be a palette cleanse to free him up to do other things. He doesn't do only film anyway so if he never did anything else film wise and painted or whatever it would be par for the course really. 
As an aside I'm really enjoying Lynch's use of digital sfx in this season. It's perfectly rendered but in a retro way that makes it look like it could've been composited optically "the old way" circa the original series. 
I've seen some strange and wonderfully weird movies in my time but Lynch's work is always another level of brain worm. His mastery of both the horror and beauty of being is unmatched. 
I mean, if you're a Force user, most if not all non-Force users are easy targets and there's not much point killing or threatening everyone that gets snippy with you just because you can. In the movies Vader only fucks with people that are in positions of authority that are either incompetent or maneuvering for advantage in some way that doesn't suit him. Boba fills none of those qualifications. 
Without spoilers there are some sequences in the new series, esp this last ep, that are abstract in isolation but it's to serve the narrative. I mean, given the format and apparent free rein he and Frost had maybe he is indulging himself a little, but seeing as how he's been fucked over in the past by suits and studios I'm more than willing to see his indulgences, because they are visually and emotionally stunning as always. I don't really feel the need to understand every nook and cranny of Lynch's work as long as there's some thread that runs through it to hold on to, at least for something in the TP canon anyway. 
"You know that scene in Wolf of Wall St when those old ludes kicked in?"
I think Lynch's stuff does have an internal logic to it though. Not just TP but his work as a whole. The connections might even be very casual and less meaningful than fans might make them out to be, but it all flows from the same river so to speak. 
You underestimate my simile!
I guess if you're a musician and you don't send all the money you make up your nose in powdered form you can afford gear instead.
In the Double R diner to some TP theme music playing on the jukebox. Donna was with her. Forget the ep but i think it's S01
Paging r/reallifedoodles
"Captin! Our wessel is equiped with no weapons of any kind!"

"And them?"

"Actually... Wait... No, they don't have any either."

...

...

FAIL

"Fail?! What am I supposed to do? Throw rocks out the airlock?"
Haha, right i know i only mentioned it with respect to the tweet checking off the requirement of not dealing with black issues. Boyega is just a character that happens to be black like Yoda is a character that happens to be green. 
I mean, John Boyega is literally a "nigga in space" and nobody in the movie cared that he was black. He even fought dragons if those things Han Solo was smuggling qualify.  So I'd say wish fulfilled. 
You don't?