https://imgur.com/7rulED9
Oh, so you're new to Reddit? ðŸ˜‚
Well, I think if you call it terrible then you'll be downvoted
It should just natively work in game if it's working in Big Picture, but you have to launch the game through Big Picture AFAIK.
How do they build these things?? Nintendo and UPS
Recommended Specs: i9-6840k, GTX 1090 TITAN, 128 GB RAM
Yeah, heat will transact equally on both ways of a reaction if the activation energy is the same. 
Awesome. Where though? MLG Website I'd guess?
https://imgur.com/d0xJYLm
Simulators. This console literally screams for it. Touch screen support, casual play on a couch, what the heck is holding them back. I want my Cities Skylines, RCT, Sims. Come on!
> yet

THO

I'm buying a Labo I guess.
Looks a little worse than I'd hope, but it performs smoothly.
Nintendo is just garbage at selling things. Really garbage. The Wii U ads were absolutely horrendous, and the eShop as you said takes no steps nor strategies to sell software. You know how every online Nintendo Shops had music? It's there because (and in rl supermarkets) it inclines shoppers to buy things. For some reason, they thought it was a good idea to remove it. Yeah, **REMOVE**; You would have to pull my nuts off if you were to say there was no music to begin with, because trust me, they had the whole development period to make a 16 note jingle, something some dude can literally hum right now and be the final product. They made a concious decision to not add eShop music. The eShop's search functions are also terrible. Try to search up anything but the exact name of the title, and you will get yourself not what you were looking for and 5 of the wrong games. But the most delinquent quality of the eShop is the information. There is nothing you can know about a game on the user end. There is no rating system. There is no comment system. It's like they want to protect the developers feelings. Well, if your game is brick, then you better take it, because you're in the art industry when developing video games.
No one's gonna mention this is the Sticky from Halo?
I can afford it, I just can't bring myself to buy it.  
wassep g Yardy kno wtf goin on  izza boy u/sidinridin an like, ya know, I like usin Reddit .. function usually comes thru ðŸ”¥ðŸ‘€
Oh thank you so much!!!! 
Chill out, be calm
A bridge to the south is even shorter.
Perfect!
I haven't played this game in 3 months... What the happened...
APYR
[2016](https://imgur.com/ov7TnHA)

[2017](https://imgur.com/XLzFm3S)

[2018](https://imgur.com/4oGvIGU)

Friends "hop" at the same place every year during International Pancake Day at iHop on February 27. Sadly the friend on the left moved, howrver the other carried on the tradition this year.
Yeah, because his "shapes" we're "rudimentary" (lacking).
Oh let me win I've been longing to get this game for so long!!! ðŸ˜¶ðŸ˜¶ðŸ˜¶
This is criminal

https://imgur.com/3PYJ1bV
Why post it today, let alone on Instagram? I bet those kids don't even know what Opera is.
You sound outlandish, but I think your somewhat right. Zelda in it's history has been a linear cycle: complete a dungeon, get an item, unlock a new place, complete a dungeon, and on. This  Zelda felt so different with the open world, voice acting, breaking weapons, already unlocked tools, with same thing maybe being the theme of Zelda. If you swapped every character, monster, etc. out with a different original character and enemy from a different series, the game shows really no trace of being a Zelda game because everything is extremely new. The dungeons, story, characters (& voice acting), and all other elements are all unique to the Zelda series, so it's still very fresh and doesn't exactly align with the rest of Zelda games. 
Definitely console type of game to be played on a TV.
Highlight of the sub. This is actually a piece of shit but it's so well made.
Nothing here makes sense. The way OP speaks vs. his face & age vs. his username. What world is this.
Can you run? Can you jump? 
ðŸ˜ˆYou're going into orbit- you stupid muTtðŸ˜ˆ
I'm gonna K I C K oDEE off the tabLe!
160 - (player count) = BPM
How do they form geometrical shapes? 
Technically
It so draws out from the game when you're about to die and you have a temptation to just click a button literally touching your finger to survive longer. Also, on FF7 I've accidently healed myself over 10 times.
This is some proof of flat Earth I haven't seen, so honestly this pushed me towards believing so.
Ffffuck no... Ominous as fuck. Caroline shit.
78

something so astute about that number
fortnite
Right it's a damn touch pad. 
Great guide. Sorry it didn't get a lot of traction :(
*One of these is not like the other!*
TIL The weapon was an actual cocktail.
This has to be the coolest one yet.
bruh
He made the NFL? This man's insane.
Definitely Shenmue. It's absolutely perfect, being a narrative, casual sort of game, while having tidbits of story. The new one being UE4 too, it can be easily ported.
Thank you! 
Thank U
https://imgur.com/vwfTxU The fuck? You know this is an actual guy, Kuntfase, the Betrayer
Amazing
Still peaks?
Alright
How do you know where the emblem is? Is there hints, or just a hunt for it?
Zelda was 9/10. Not perfect, at all.
How come
MonkaS You know, KappaPride?
Dunno why your getting downvoted. Pretty interesting
no.
Read the link, it's a new mode where your susceptible to piracy.
Plllll

This is not how I imagined this picture before I clicked it. At all.
They would have definitely called it Smash 4 if it was still 4.
Duh. When I say that it can be surpassed easily, I'm not saying that BOTW is a bad game, I'm just saying they can surpass it much more because really, even for BOTW, they we're being conservative. It's still a 9/10 game in my book, but it's not flawless. 

The dungeons suffer deeply from being pretty fairly and the same theme. The gold textures and the same music, gets kinda old. The puzzles are great, regardless, but you can't go from Zelda which has the coolest themes of dungeons, where in the Wind Waker Dragon Roost volcano, you'd face fire worms and the lizard guys with the swords, and in the Shadow Temple, a hand would come from the ceiling and try to grab you. Now, you just go through these dungeons that have the same enemy, have the same objectives, and the same atmospheres. Only thing varying would be the boss and the puzzles. In every other Zelda game, even though "the master key" was the objective, the real objective lye in the temple. In the Ocarina volcano, you had to bomb the skull's eyes, and in the Twilight Princess Snow place, it was in a frozen mansion with cannonballs as the puzzle mechanic, and eventually reaching the boss. Not just turning some valves throughout the whole time so the water sits right and you can go to Waterblight Ganon.

The side quests don't heavily explore much outside the actual game. Most of them are tasks than a side quest, like retrieving the chickens for the Kakariko village. Or retrieving 1.5M wood pieces to build that village. I wouldn't even consider the memories a real side quest, that I feel is more part of the quest itself. When I reached Yuga clan hideout, I was super excited because I thought I just stumbled upon it and I was really in what BotW was about, but was saddened that it actually was a main plot point in the story.

Shrines- oh don't kill me but- they are just so mundane. The puzzles are absolutely fantastic, I love doing the puzzles. But the atmosphere of the shrines: the repeated blue, orange and grey scheme with the ominous music, get super boring, ESPECIALLY after 120 of them.  After that, you watch the cutscene for the 39th time, and get an orb you need 4 to acquire a heart or stamina piece (regardless, I like how you use to orbs to get hearts and stamina, just not the way you get them.

"Damn, this guy hates this game" Not at all. The dungeons, yes, I hate them. But the exploration part of the game is what makes BotW revolutionary in this day in age. I love how when you start the game, it's super blunt. "Go save the world." Ok. I wasn't even looking at my map when I first ran into Zora's Domain, I saw the Opera theater shell backdrop and was amazed by it and walked towards it, where then Prince Sidon just appeared out of nowhere. It was dope. I remember finding the mountain with the huge creature on it, and it was designed perfectly. It didn't seem like anything was on the mountain, but as soon as you turn to the other side, a huge eye and purple goop just slothered on it. It was absolutely crazy when I saw the glistening on the snow mountain, and went towards it, where I encountered a white horse with Max stats. It was amazing. The four corners of the world were fantastic as well. Climbing the hell that is Eldin volcano, finding Gerudo village and discovering the cool culture was engrossing. 
Great answer to the question.
This one's ok
Be prepared to make some money that you should hold onto until your 25.
Omg thank you so much
That's right!
Oh, thanks!
 Like MGSV right now? Or MGSV at launch?
They'll probably have to confirm on whether they are doing it after. It's like adding an M rated dlc to a T game
You average

1 goal

a game
Oh please! I've always wanted to play.
Why do you buy a 144hz monitor, not feel anything, and do nothing about it? Literally your suppose to see 2.5x the amount of frames, and do nothing about it. 
A screenshot of an image macro? Insane.
It's a meme. Two niggas kissin', now you have the big gay.
No shit
The thesaurus and dictionary.com websites do this. So great when I'm writing an essay, Alt-Tab to the dictionary and the search bar is already clicked, no need to touch my mouse. 
Holy shit. How could I have known this?
Why do you care? It's not predetermined
Even better, your protected, and whenever anyone comes to your door, it looks like you were going to go out for a bike ride. Maybe I should just start wearing a helmet.
No, you end up with disappointment because it's usually meta, memes, and jokes that reach the top.

/r/pawg
Based on this trend, I see a full skill reset happening season 9.
iamrichv2.683.apk
Bug Or Glitch: Startup song is still LUV U NEED U 

Platform: PS4 

Please solve this!!! Disappointed to hear the same song with a new update.
Very average. Feels like I'm just playing an uninspired game, yet developed to a decent polish.
Holy shit. Not the most impressive but definitely the craziest thing I've ever seen happen in this game.
What you're winning is the OP win screen. Poor old me can only get 60 cards per second with my 60Hz :(.
Thanks!
My eyes needed to adjust the when the GIF reset, I was seeing circles in the blank canvas.
Do dogs always do this because they want pleasure, or is this just one way they play around?
Ahh, my mistake. Thought your achievement was getting GC.
Didn't you have to win 12 games to get into GC rewards?
I believe there is a massive jump from consistent Diamond to consistent Champ, is when knowing truly when to boost jump. I took me months to stay in Champ (I would just fluctuate in and out,) but eventually once I learned to never have to hesitate nor making a second thought, I was able to play in Champion consistly.
Invest in Bitcoin

And hold until December

Twenty-seventeen
Delete ur account uve lost bro
Just the video. I guess people thought someone edited it to make him say that 
That's actually fuegoo
How good is he?
Play this!! The title is confused like all other anime games, but this game is really cool.
Irrupt

Everyone thinks I'm saying erupt, but really it's irrupt. Irrupt is a violent, sudden entrance.

He irrupts into everybodies conversations.

Anyways I'd love to play Skyrim. Played it for 5 minutes when I was younger, and I want to really get into it.
Irrupt.

Everyone thinks I'm saying erupt, but irrupt is like violently interrupt or enter.

He irrupt into the conversation.

I really want
3477
My friend could really use The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Cute shark
It's scary but you'll be back. I've had it happen to me 4 times, and by the 4th time I wasn't scared I was gonna be trapped. Usually takes 2 days to get back into my old self.
Alternate view:  https://twitter.com/ETHSports/status/957083546274942976?s=09
Take a fat break, your brain will remember how you it felt every other time than now.
I dunno OP, what do you think?
Noooo that will destroy the gameeeee don't broaden yourrrrr platformmmss... Then u split the revenue w the compannyyyy

They're just saying this to hype it up w/o any content, of course you want to broaden platforms
Tomorrow Corporation games sell like Hotcakes, and their games are absolutely perfect for Switch.
How in the world can it just turn a ball that fast.
Oh, then try just running only x360ce and find out how do disable it on steam.
Take it off x360ce if you can, rather have it worked simply by playing the game than having an external program.
Please for the love of God
We did, they said this same sentence in an article.
Fiesta Flame, is that very new or very old, because I have never heard of that in my life.
Steam has been natively supporting controllers, so there's a huge chance your controllers being natively recognized, then made into another device by x360ce, making them two. 
It's a third party kind of thing, so I doubt it greatly. Things like mods in Fallout and GTA on console make sense because after their hype died down, mods kept the games extremely lively, so that consitute mods be available for console.
Personally, to rank up, I had to experiment every time, I never really improved by just playing and playing. I see Plat 1 as your just mechanically sound with the fundamentals of the game, so I guess now is the time you need to take risks to learn new things about the game. I didn't start aerialing till I was about Diamond 2, where simply I was finding my self on the ground while they just consistently kept it in the air. I boost jump before, but at Diamond 2 I started doing it when the ball was midfield or to score goals. 
Xenoblade, especially the new one, isn't for everyone. 
I don't get it. Why would you use a graphics card for mining when you can use a CPU or RAM to mine instead? Those sound way better at mining than a GPU.
Yeah that just popped in my head.
No I meant like these indies are great for the switch ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚.
Mulan. No idea why.
Usually I'd say this guy was acting /r/iamverysmart, but oh my God if you spread information like that, you deserve to be fact checked to death. 
The game still sells hundreds of thousands of copies a DAY. Absolutely insane.
Jump around and don't scope with a shotgun. 
Yeah? Why wouldn't it?
I'm still in a Grandfather T-Mobile plan, it's really weird. We don't get all the deals, but we don't pay as much.
Rocket League. You need to play it for two days, then you can't withdraw.
I am absolutely worried for Wolfenstein. Their text is legit 6 px.
How? Scent?
Really your paying 60$ for the software
What the fu---rick? 
Close!
It's time.
Suppose u haven't eaten for a week, and the taste was more of a sting (not that it stung but the taste was )
Yeah. Lots of people didn't know what the game was until dark souls 2 or 3, so this IMO smart move by the studio.
Ohhh I see. Thanks
I'm not good with mythology, but where's Hercules? Isn't he the son of Zeus?
Looks like the pizza poisoned him and the guy was trying to help him back up but the guy was too far gone and went insane.
Probably a goal explosion. They released Decals with it, so...
Boing!
Mobile acts weird. I just switched to Desktop and it worked great.
Why a grain of salt? According to your data we SHOULD expect a direct in the upcoming weeks! 
Now this is what I want from this sub.
Did he shit himself?
!redditgarlic
Did it when my phone broke. Gifs worked slowly, and stereoscopic 3D porn barely exist but was there.
Crazy run what game is this
Yo I can't send Reddit comments, help!
I absolutely loved it for months, now it's only ok. I don't hate it though
Overcooked. With friends it is absolutely frantic, and finding a way to optimize the kitchen is like a puzzle.
Agreeing, and the fact that back in a day, like 1980s, games had a hard time including storage for tutorials, or putting a lot of text on screen, when instead you could just put it in a book that came with a game, and can have as many pages as you need.
Everytime this gets posted everyone just complains. If you don't like it don't watch it, the top comments always complaining of the event. Goodness.
Would she be charged? She wasn't even looking at him, she stopped for him to pass, and end up running him over.
What
Good shit.
Is this the balloon that kidnapped Charlie Sheen's son?
Where would they buy these "assets"? Are there companies who would just make some for you?
Metal Gear Solid
Super Smash Bros. Melee

So many fond memories of that game.
Don't worry about it. It's normal, but just satisfying I think? 
MeTa
Yeah, no point in having your software on the competitors device who's *trying* to compete with you.
This is awful
An absolute unit!
Yep
Something out of Luncheon.
Child will know sign language aswell!
Don't worry about it, not trying to boast but I'm Champion II on PS4 and am barely gold undocked. Very difficult to play with pin point percision.
Editing: me
This is cool.
X, pull back a little, x, pull back more. There's no possible way to pull back AND jump at the same time, so it's just timing those four things.
Oh please happen!!!
Also middle up down upright leftright left down high post down under stay still don't move
Serious question, does that mean anything?

Can they do something to them at a religious level?
Thank you. My life is peaceful now.
Same thing with the PLAYSTATION APP, where it makes even less sense.
Sit at home and play games!
uh


Funny enough playing fortnite right now
Oh, someone just impersonated the customer service then, I see. I was thinking they impersonated the first guy.
So you're saying the response is real?
Happening to me too. They aren't downed, it's the freefall position.
WHY the GIF on the bottom left.
How about 15 on 15 on a smaller map?
Think it was obvious enough, just downvoted because of the mockery.
I thought this was only Forge?
It hurts my soul seeing everyone walk up, and end up not getting anything. 
Yo
I usually comment regardless, even if it does get burried.
I'm pretty sure the value of that is literally less than 1Â¢.
I ended up just flipping over on my couch and used the flat side of the course!
Holy shit.
1600 listening to DMX and X niQQa
 
That shits fuckn raw 
He also published her diary after he escaped alive.
Hahaha I think it would've been funnier if background was a GIF

/r/Trebuchetmemes: "It is"
Lost its charm. 
Awesome
Thanks for responding. Is it fun? Looks really beautiful. They advertised like an open world sort of game too, how is that?
How do I play?
My favourite video game: Shenmue

Even from a very small age, I was able to take a taste of of genuine Asian culture that couldn't be well expressed in the hyperbolic and sometimes ludacris media of anime. The theme of dedication and a journey was set from the start, and on the way embraced the many aspects of small town life in Japan. I learned about martial arts, the type of people, their culture, and a  hometown that held a huge story to tell about itself through gameplay and atmosphere, where people lived by day to day schedules you could adapt to, or just the money laundering scheme happening at the [local airline business.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bLHhl1khTEc) Everyone you talked to was so genuine, so realistic, always had something to learn and love (or hate) about them, nothing quite like it considering it was barely 2000. I wish I could go back to the time where I first played it- it's quite possibly the most immersive and honest game I have ever played.
literally me
YES QUEEN
"and I am screaming right now."

Ffffffffffffffcckcksssssssss stopppll
Oh someone hold me...

They just look shy ðŸ˜«ðŸ˜«
Yeah
Yeah, ones everyone woman just feels *compelled* to do.
Really like your style. So free.
/u/timetraveler09099
Really didn't need the /s
Except they took a screen shot while typing "what legs"
Atleast just going over the tab clears it. I'd rather have a cleaner design than another button.
How big is that statue?
Based on the whole building and cooperative play, I feel this can grab a boost from Fortnite's current popularity. The whole building, 3rd person, and even zombie aspect are similar, and could prove positive for MGS:S if they let the community know what kind of game it is.
God damnit. I know everyone's butthurt about Kojima leaving, but the game doesn't look bad at all. What if it's good? It looks promising.
Hope we get v sync option later! ðŸ˜±
I hope the OP got their justice.
http://sonic.wikia.com/wiki/Sol_Emerald

Haha
And have their outline overlay everything but the UI. Great idea.
Wow, thanks.

Edit: also where is handicap happening? Online, or also in offline games?
From r/all, what's wrong with the gameplay? MTX, or just shit gameplay?
Harrison Ford also had a part in discovering electricity, relativity, and organic chemistry!!

Seriously what has this guy not been involved with
Was it scary?
thesis_homeTownSquishiieeeeewhatamisayinggggglklkl.docx
176 Lbs
Doing absolutely nothing on a Sunday afternoon. I feel great.
Is this suppose to be like Ronaldo Christiano or just a wheel Christiano
Has to. They can't just make a Mario game and "forget" the other brother. 
Desk?
No, I know JHZER he'd never do that to someone.
9.3 seems fair. I'd say the only thing holding it back is the meta of the game. Servers sometimes are funky and the better the system the easier/better it is to play.
I see a pylon if you squint your eyes very hard.
/r/outrun
Look at the flick of da wrist *hooh*

Look at the flick of dat wrist *dat wrist*
Thanks! Absolutely adorable. 
So many Indie games I'm just realizing are so great for the switch

Didn't even think about that but yes. However I'm fine with that- it didn't take away much from the map and made it as predictable as the majority of the other maps.
Last thing Psyonix would want to do is create a standard where everyone just plays on one map. 
My teachers were well into their 40s to 70s.
Thank!
How do you kick? I always do it unintentionally.
Why is this piece of plastic 80$? It has an HDMI port, a USB C piece of metal, some USB ports. That sounds like 5$ of resources, and they sell it for 1600% of it's production cost? Insane.
The 1886 ITT is pretty smart then!
Best/Worst/Only: Your eyes are so blue, I'm lost at sea.

 [My cute kitty](https://imgur.com/rDgcfiM) [Another] (https://imgur.com/37u7Pli) [and another](https://imgur.com/EVjZkGa)

Your a guy?

A game that EVERYONE who plays video games plays, thrown into an open world. My goal is to replicate social encounters you have in real life into something that can happen as frequently and effectively say in an MMO.
Yeah no no no no no no no Yeah no no no no no no prob Yeah no problem 
...........oh..........
Thanks bro............

I might be able to play w u...........
Just, say it.
God this guy makes my spine come out of my body. This is something I would've done when I was 8 not 20
(ban)na
Or just says Savage.
Ridiculous
I like how it's recorded on a phone.
Yo estoy bald 

I'm his mother and he is indeed bald. 

I'm his father. We can't pay these bills! Hlep.
If they knew how the Switch would perform now, they would've definitely packed in this title. They we're too afraid to.
Looks like a Snapchat face-swap.
Same issue.
My head. Once I saw the illusion though, I can't see what I was seeing.
The presentation was great. The way the menu was like slapped in your face, with all the cool text was great. It made everything feel important. You know in a JRPG there's menus for these weird things you never heard of, like "relics," or "trinkets." Sometimes these are just confusing until you get far in the game when you realize how these things work. Personas Menus make everything seem important with it's art style.
Animal Crossing New Leaf. IMO best game for girls. Not saying it's a girly game, I am sure guys play it more, but it is a fact that girls chew that shit up.
Holy shit, I was just thinking about this game before I saw the thread. Never played it, but I want to play it so bad! 
Ahh! Thank you! Was thinking the currency was just all infinite. 
Im a noob. I don't get it. How does it just appreciate in value? What if I just made my own crypto currency and made it more expensive? Is Bitcoin making more value because of investments?
I think he meant like how come you support it.
My BDubs is still pretty great, but my Arby's has had the same small amount of customers for a decade.
You got mentioned on House of Highlights on Instagram!
I meant Orange hahaha
orange IS blue's compliment.

edit: orange not red oops!
Really ANNOYS me some colors are reused. I was excited to see the new moons, when in reality it was just a DIFFERENT SHADE OF YELLOW.
Super Mario Odyssey surpassed my expectations.
Thanks so much! Trying so hard to recollect.
God this game is good
Sips doesn't die, he just says *aww shittttt*
Yeah, press triangle to save goal replay.
Who's the last character at Aya Endo.
The fact that he jumped from 124 to 741 means he used portraits alone to acquire 617 moons.
You're not wrong. Champ 1 I was facing D3 and C1 which is great, but once I got into C2, nothing makes sense anymore. Probably because the skill gap between C2 and C3/GC is crazy.
You can bring the horse to the well, but you can't get it to drink

Learned that even if you give someone the opportunity, they might not take it

Go to a doctor
and im literally screaming
Reminds me of Mad World hahaha. Nice!
To be honest I don't feel much a difference from D3 to Champ 1. I really do feel a difference from D2 to Champ 1- everyone is just inconsistent coming from D2.
Kinda what I'm saying. Like it isn't very important for the general gamer. Redditers tend to be more curious and hardcore, so I'd guess that's why we are concerned over nonspecific patch notes.
Im pretty sure they just won't want to be crazy about it. 

* Goblin head hitbox reduced from 19 to 18.6
* Shield durability bug causing Shields to break a millisecond faster in Elder Volcano fixed
* Miphana model updated to have more dots on hair 

You know, or they can just say Improvements, because these aren't terribly worthwhile noting, and it gives people just a gist of why their game is updating. 


Nintendo with the great clarifying patch notes. 
In Earth bound there is a silver pencil blocking your way, and can only be cleared by a silver eraser.
Sorry about the downvotes bud
So damn cool, looks like something manufactured!
That's what I do, and I've been playing for a long time!
I don't like that face
What your saying is true but besides the point.
While something like Smash Bros. isn't exactly 100% physics, I love watching it since most of the things aren't garunteed, unlike most fighting games. It really depends on how and where you hit your opponent to string another attack. 
Snow Kingdom wasn't that great imo. I loved the population, they were really awesome and unique, reminding me of those people from Twilight Princess- but you really didn't need to interact with them other than the race. After that I forgot about them. But the surface of Snow Kingdom really was just boring to me. I liked the Cloud enemies, they intimidate me at first, but in reality they aren't really that cool. They make ridiculously slow, the blow mechanic takes some time, and is only used to move blocks and that one time kill all those enemies. The water freezing and killing you was just annoying, and the map was just so small. In comparison to something even as small as Lost Kingdom, it was tiny.
itt: nO u fuCkzing ReTard MdDle Schoolers don't tAke CALC!!!! GRRRRRRRAHHHH IM GONNA RIP U INTO 2!!!
Don't worry, this isn't made by some edgy 11 year old. This is straight up beef and cheese memes. Here's some examples:

https://imgur.com/cFlxIha

https://imgur.com/4fYiqli 

https://imgur.com/cMV3swD

These are the memes made by people who dips their hands alongside the nachos into the cheese, and just stick their entire fist into their mouth to get that good shit off.
Please answer within X amount of seconds. You have X-1 seconds left- *please* answer.
Yup!! ðŸ™‚
What a save!
Aye aye aye
Listen Jimbo, I could care less about a urologist, but if you think you can come here and say that RS Mobile is never coming
Never even knew. Thanks!
How long has this been in the game? How come I have never seen it ever?
9965
Oh I know that, I just meant via the private match. Aren't you just in a private match? You can't duo together in competitive right?
Someone please try to connect the DS4 to the switch!!
I don't understand this technique. How do you "join anothers party?" I just don't get it!
Try to not drive backwards. Imagine in any sport, walking or running backwards is just inefficient, unless you have a lot of time and your just chilling in your zone. Of course, if the ball is behind you about to roll into the goal, drive back or backflip. Otherwise try not to, only when necessary. 
I mean like their drive.
Confirmed not
Yup
<3! 
What is your response to people complaining about supposed input lag?
Good. Gaming isn't capatalism, it's an art. This profit is a reward for them. 
Play the game first though. Get a taste of what's default, and how these help you. 
This game is going to be fucking bonkers.
Thanks!!
Eli5 why Australia = upside-down
Oh come on. I was just there a week ago.
DOWNLOADING AS WE SPEAK..
GAME MADE FOR PUSSIES. REAL NIGGAS PLAY ***ROBLOX***.
âœ
How do people do this? Your so prone to mess up, and pixel art is hard in itself, and you made it a in Domino's!
Good grief this thread is a mess. Just buy the damn game and keep ball cam on. Everyone makes me not want to buy this game.
Looks alright. When making games, you gotta stand out. Right now that just looks like a mod for MGSV.
yuHH
I can imagine you look like Paul Schneider and are talking to some crazy mom. 
Yeah but he made it sound like L and R smaller bumpers are on the Joy-Con
Bumpers? They are? I know SL and SR are, but the bumpers aren't.
Sports games are their own dimension of gaming. They all are super similar if you think about it. Sliders, cards, story mode, top down view, press the lowest button to pass. 
Personally I love minigolf and don't mind golf, but it didn't have a say whether I liked the game. I'd say 50% of the game is actually golf related, and the other half is story, characters and objectives. The golfing is super satisfying and skillful. 
There's a lot of Yes and No going around, so OP I'd say the safe route is

1. As people said, you can open the Switch up and pack it back up and no one would ever notice. See for yourself if there is a system update. I think there is, since there have been 2-3 system updates since I got it in March. They will all take a total 5 minutes atmost.

2. Invest in the screen protector. Tempered glass goes on super easily, it just sits itself on, no bubbles or striations. In June I scratched the plastic and it's been bugging me for month, wishing I bought a screen protector. And especially if your son is younger, he might be prone to dropping it. 

3. There are extra Joy-Con (those separated controllers you see attached the the switch that you can take off,) and the Pro Controller. Some games can make use of each Joy-Con separately, virtually creating a second controller. Some games don't use it, and require another set of Joy-Cons/Pro Controller. I went fine without another set of Joy-Cons until I bought Mario Kart 8, where we used the other set of Joy-Cons as 1 controller, and the initial set separately for 2 controllers. I'd say you're good until you realize you might want to purchase another set. Other accessories include carrying cases, and I think is important if you ever bring your Switch out of the house. Just makes it safe in bags and is easy to hold.
Can someone answer if the game is hard? My friend owns the game and we have to play so damn sparingly with items and die against bosses and have really hard times against those devilish entities. 
For side quests, ALWAYS CHOOSE QUALITY OVER QUANTITY. No one is going to do your side quest if it's killing 15 zombies, like some quests are in Witcher. Those sidequests aren't fun. However, when you have great sidequests that lead into the story (like Witcher actually does have), I feel compelled to actually delving into side quests. Majora's Mask for example is the golden standard for side quests. Everything contributed to the world around it, and had a great system of rewarding the player, by giving them a mask, a heart piece, or just a general upgrade. 
Based on your profile, I can see you'd be good at parties. 
Unlike ephone... 
I think by weird he meant like too flourished with ideas and lacking a finely paced and fluid game. I still disagree with him- I trust Kojima to make a perfectly tuned game, and Konami didn't have to throttle Kojima's ideas into a video game that's consumable, Kojima understood that himself. 
I'll assume the black guy had a part in the flip?
Thanks.
Thanks
What's the ping now?
What game is this
Nahh nigga I don't watch anime... That shit is kinda weird..
And glued the fucker right back together.
Is this a story or literally an action. Fuck this sub I am leaving for good..
Wow 
That hurt to watch.
Looks like a 3DS game.
Bruh
The games out. The negative connotation of preordering comes from if the game is bad, it's unfinished, etc. Hearthstone, the packs are the same as preordering as is just buying it when it's out. I don't know why you'd want to preorder packs, but it's there.
I think that guy made F2P sound super limited. It's not. It's actually huge as hell.  Just once you hit a certain stage in the game does the game feel limited, but otherwise do not worry.
The competition is gonna be so
/r/tipofmyjoystick
Btw this is a quick chat in rocket league
ðŸ˜‚ðŸ‘Œ-

Huh?
Update OP?
Odyssey. Just a masterpiece. I'd give this to me friend who's hesitant to buy it. n_n
IDZ BIRVS WIDHH AWMS WEEK!


I was born in the morning and I will be there at 7 10 and I will be there at 7 10 and I will be there at 7 10...
He wasn't doubting you- he was impressed.
This title hurts my brain.
Yeah no shit it's staged. What else does reddit have to find out; water is indeed wet?
It's as much as the Odyssey trailer, if you get what I'm trying to say. He does say how to get [the good ending] (/spoiler), which isn't anything special at all.
this looks like as if someone who makes up those you won't believe articles for ads on poorer websites wanted to relate to EMSK and made this. 
Good shit
Wooded k
Kingdom is addictive.
How do you guys do it? I find it hard to get down to the last 20 in every kingdom- it's a real pain in the ass.
bruh read his comment in full before you get tense of someone clarifying something.
Odyssey is incredibly inspired, but I feel less inspired that Galaxy. Nintendo was on crack for Galaxy and Galaxy 2. I wouldn't doubt there would be atleast DLC. It seems to be a recent trend with Nintendo. (Zelda, MK8, Smash 4, etc.)
Rockstar better not get mad at Nintendo. This game was made 2 gens ago, can't fit on the switch cartridge, and put their company's weaker game first on the switch instead of something like GTA or Red Dead
Go to training packs and increase that 99% success rate to 100%. Whenever I'm at tough wall, that what I do to jump it.
I'll send her. Just wait there, and don't forget to keep holding your moms hand- your moms coming.
madnigga...madnigga...madnigga
Yes. I bought one in 2016, and it still is as good as when I first got it. Triggers don't squeek, analog sticks grips are powerful. Great.
Absolutely fucking smart. Blizzard is a great company. Thank God they didn't wait 5 years later, like other game studios which free games at it's honestly death. Get it while it's still warm, SC2 scene isn't even close to death. The subreddit is very active, the pro scene is still powerful. 
Early production was shit. The analog sticks were poorly made
Awesome! I know someone who I can give this to.
I don't fuck with Musty 
Keep thinking this is Day of the Dead
Are these actual pictures? They are so beautiful and look amazing.
> Anonymous

Close call B)
I was in top 0.5%! Awesome!
yeah I wish i celebrate Christmas fuck me
I got 900 (and climbing) hours out of it for paying $12.99 (on sale).
*Oh thank God that hit*
They do have bumper and triggers!
I guess yes because they are on Psyonix servers. Same reason you can access them across Xbox PS4 and pc
I'm a noob so what's wrong with that? Seems effective.
People are complaining of shit load times
Fatal Error
> Facebook

honestly
The mushrooms man, holy shit. I questioned why you didn't use another one at the second lap near the clock, but that's because the cycle didn't need it. But the third one did. I just find it awesome people find this stuff out.
Imnotfallingforth
They don't want the then soon to be standard to be unappealing blank maps- they'd rather have the nice looking and lively maps.
My friend told me this could happen. Basically because of his mixed grip (right hand overhand, left hand underhand), at some point all the weight got onto his left arm, making his bicep take the whole 500 lbs load.
Is it me, or does Rocket League run faster on the Switch than the PS4? My PS4 runs it at around 50, but never a stable 60. The Switch though just handles it.
I hope.
It's been 5000 years...
im rICH
How much did you play a day?
I check my email every 5 minutes man. You know how painful it is. I just want Runescape on my phone!!
What happened on the second jump? It looks like you bounced on the hat again, but that's not possible. You did like an SM64 kick.
Itsa joke.
This is shit. This applies to everything. 
*ahem* anyways what's up
Fingerprint would be smart- I have never had an issue with finger print.
The backspin in all the balls was so hypnotizing.
Holy shit. How can you be so humble about this?
Here we go.
Beautiful isn't it Dmitri?
I don't think it's the menus fault
Can I view invites via the website?
:D
he got invited

I don't get it. what's my problem.
Ohhhh- thanks!
I understand that- just what he means by 1hz by 18hz. :P
What does 1hz by 18hz mean? I understand tick rate, like OW console version runs at 30 and the PC runs at 60, but what does 1hz by 18hz mean?
Ohh ok
Not at all. 
Wait- were you streaming?
I have a S4. Are my chances increased or minimized?
8.8% of a gigabyte per hour. It decent? 
My house
Anyone tried a DS4? would be great for Rocket League
 Ncvb
is it worth returning? I beat the story mode and hard mode.
Please give it longevity. I can't be too excited considering their past mobile games:

I played that Magikarp game, and it really doesn't have much to offer, it plays itself and is ridiculously slow. Worst part is if you know that your Karp is gonna fail the league and you have to sit through the entire fucking shit just to have a new generation. 

Miitomo cannot function. It's not a social media. It's not a game. It's a worthless unfunny madlib. Who gives a shit what ice cream I like? Myself? My ice cream barber? I don't fucking know. Adding friends is like filling out a W-2. No one wants to do it. 

You know what's a good ass game? Pokemon shuffle. It's skill (with a little bit of RNG), and is actually satisfying. Catching Pokemon is satisfying. Getting crazy combos is satisfying. You know what isn't satisfying? Completing a league in Magikarp Ville and going to the next one to do... exactly the same thing. No change of gameplay- actually no gameplay at all. Pokemon Shuffle League is amazing. 9/10.

Fire Emblem was besutiful, fun- however lacked an endgame too (unless you like doing everything x2 in a harder difficulty). Takumi was fucking broken, literally everyone else was obsolete in comparison (other than people strong against melee). The strategy starts to really wear out and it becomes apparent it's a slow rock paper scissors. What I played though was fun, yet again, longevity was missing. 

Super Mario Run. Oh my God. Yes, I know it's affordable now, but that's because of it was so damn expensive and no one played the full game. Even then, the game last 3 hours. Well is it fun? Kinda. Trying to precisely grab every single collectable was fun. But aside from that, the game plays itself, and games that do that are only okay. 



COLOR HEX CODE WILL YOU âˆšÏ€ ME?
Ah. Thanks
What does the damage tracker do?
Last time I used Zooper I was able to edit the design and change the clock to 24 hr.
That was so beautiful. Right when he raised the gun, the assailant must've assumed he'd freeze. Instead, the bouncer swung to the right and grabbed ahold of his arm and threw his elbow right into his face, and tackled him down. I don't know much about CQC, but that seemed like the perfect way to handle it.
https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B01N3ASPNV/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1

This tempered glass, oh my Lord. I put it on and it just stuck. No bubbles, hard and durable. I messed it up the first time, peeled it, and put it back, still fine. And the carrying case is awesome. Holds your switch securely and holds games. 
rsn: Twilt Dragon
Pokemon looking

Pokemon name

Is this a Pokemon
These scary games get a lot of viewership from YouTubers, so it may have hindered sales.
They never owned up to it though, and rebranding to clear up your name is a huge red flag. 
? More like popular?
Sicario!
thanks for the reply!
nice research
When Rocket League comes around, should I get a Pro Controller? It seems better since the buttons are flatter, while the joy con buttons are harder to press down and are smaller.
Doesn't hurt to ask, and hey maybe they know its a known defect and they'd be happy to help.
shit
ðŸ’€
Milk man
Can't wait to play 2K18, which got released today.
first time i did that thing where you hold your mouth and raise your eyebrows. holy cow that was cute.
this sub is so clutch, thanks :)
Sorry..
I didn't expect the 3ds to get themes, but the switch has an actual theme section which is barren.
I didn't believe this till I read the article- which is barely an article.
Stats in Extra
Genius!
IF ROCKET LEAGUE FOR SWITCH ISNT RELEASED TOMORROW IM BOYCOTTING ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ 
PS4 probably because of the headphones
Lmk your username I'd love to help you.
Broke his neck ðŸ˜±ðŸ’€
Cable?
Vanniluxe
I can't find the coin slot! Oh- here it is! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH ðŸ’¥ðŸ’¥ðŸ’¥ðŸ’¥ðŸ’¥
that went from this is alright to giving me the chills. Holy shit.
Hmm... why did they screenshot the text before it sent? ðŸ¤” Weird.
South Africa
Zunes colors are super modern and cool. I love it.
nah this quality is just Unacceptable.
Education: 19/10

Length of Gif: -2E96030/10
Content: 19/10

Presentation: 2E96030/10
1920x1080
niggas I'm bluE
That had it's own endeavors within the game
Me, her, and the dog.
last person I saw do this was my ROBLOX girlfriend when I was 13. Her hobbies included animal crossing and talking to her dog.
:l!!!!!!
follow through
Clicking this uninstalled my game for me.
[When it does happen to you](https://imgur.com/Nec9z7N)
Diamond 2 to 3 is like Plat 3 to Champ 3
MADE BY THE MINDS BEHIND NBA 2K18
I love how when I hopped on voice chat, 2/10 there was a kid, but the other 8/10 times were a young adult or college student, who made for awesome friends. 
Why did they wait so late to turn? Was that on purpose?
Ok well Sean Evans is actually dying
What happened? Who is that guy?
Play: 19/10

Quality of Gif: -2E96030/10
G E N I U S.
Problem is is that I can say Siri a bunch of times consecutively without messing up, but if I try to say Ok Google 5 times in a row my tongue gets twisted.
Way to one up OP. Make your own post!
I got you this gold
Ah, alright.
Thanks! And 3s aswell.
ALTERNATE TIMELINE
Tips on Diamond II - Champion? I've been stuck at Diamond II for 4 months
What the fuck?
Won what? A fight?
6
Y'all need some help ðŸ˜¤
True, it's just that don't hit it in front of goal- instead to the sides.
He's the guy who played the cop in Sicario!
You're attractive
I don't know why but it looks like a girl fingering herself.
- dogfck
Rank?
"hey.. you wanna be friends..?"
Stupid question, was the sky this clear back then???
It is better every loop.
hey can we not say nugger
Thing is is that BOTWs camera is fixed (most of the time) unless you move it. Splatoon though, whereever you aim you look, so that's where the supposed motion sickness comes from.
Once Rocket League drops, you will either drop 10 hours or 1,000 hours.
lmfao
Ah, I'm so foolish
Except- it's unplayable.
What was Geralts nickname? White Wolf of the North? Or was it the Witcher of the North?
I'm glad, now I have a reason to come back to BotW

all inb4 that I unlocked all of them already
Ah- now it doesn't work.
Meme: 19/10

Title: -2E96030/10
So ridiculous. That's like Disney pulling out of regular cable and starting their own cable service.
What's even the argument against breastfeeding? People have been doing it since the beginning of mankind. It's like saying farting is absurd.
I did this, then I came home after 2 hours and my mom was just sitting on the couch. I proceeded to get my ass whooped.
He had absolutely no chance.
I see some friends talking to strangers trying to speak at a consistent rate, like they were reading off something, but like the words weren't written and they start "choking." But once they start talking to friends, they are fine and fluent. Give yourself time to think and speak. Sometimes I talk and take like 5 second pauses to just think what I'm going to say midsentence.
I have the same problem, probably not to the same degree, but what I can ask you is this: are you stronger thinking about it, or not thinking about it? 
Anon listens to DMX
How does she identify them?
I have looked everywhere in my area for 36 length pants- they'd be perfect. But instead, I can only find 34, then everyone says I'm FLOODING when I sit down!! I'm mad as fuck.
I think it's part of the joke as well
meanwhile i say my cats name he destroys my blinds
Video of you typing on it please.
What's so hard about algebra?
Yeahhh
Thanks
I know that, I meant like we don't know how they're gonna be used. Are they like flags on our cars, or like backgrounds for our names 
Well what does *banners* mean?
Something to match Dracos
My friend and I are stuck on a witch boss in some pit for the past 6 months. We quit. Is it suppose to be this hard?
I've never played a tennis video game, but I heard Top Spin was good in terms of that. Should I be excited?
L8 
Imagine it was laying flat, and look down. See the perspective?
You can't blame them! 
Uh
S P O I L E R 

5
BA BADA BING BAM BOOM
Except RuneScape you have to go to a polling booth, get asked dumb questions, and even then the most crucial things are not polled! 

Sorry, got a little ahead of myself. It would be like RuneScape
Yeah, and we do this through the settings. It says "LINK PSY ID." You can Login/Register. We do this separately for both, using different emails to preserve both accounts' ranks.
It's what I had in mind!
What if Sega made a Chao app?
It's been so long. I can't believe it.
aaaand Ghost in the Shell.
right
Just make sure you-and your done!
621
Ah nah I can't even score off a boost jump and I'm on diamond 2. This is just his way of winning.
If a friend lied to you, but he also picked you up from a bar at 4AM, I take the better of the two. 
That's absolutely awesome. Games like World of Warcraft have timeless gameplay with in places questionable graphics, but still is awfully addicting. That alone proves you don't need god graphics for your game to be for this day in age.
Ok suppose I saw this on my wall, what should I say to these smart asses?
Funny video, but I think it's too buttered up with post-production. Wally Bear and the No Gang and Clock Tower, for example, had a format of playing the game, then returning back to his good reactions. Flowered with some fingers to point at things, an object he is talking about, or zooming in on things, like how subtle it was that Wally's dad not Uncle had no pants. 

I don't want to force JonTron to adhere an old style that is no longer natural to him now that he has a crew, but instead rebuild but in a different direction from this. Lots of the times it just felt unnecessary, like with the square, the green screening onto the movie, or Pokemon critical shit. However, I do like the real life segments. I think that's a great way to focus budget, but sometimes I feel it is just too much, like with the trumpets, or the hair showcase. Less is more.
Ok is this a wholesome meme, or just some uplifting news? This sub is just become /r/UpliftingNews but dated back half a decade.
Sounds like a futbol stadium
I'm reading this as baseline. Everyone else?
Do I hear Roy Campbell from Metal Gear Solid, the Colonel himself?!
I don't got no sob story but I can give it to my friend who is on the fence about it
yup
I know it's almost unreasonable to compare this to Yooka Laylee, but I hope this fixes my love for Kickstarter projects. Yooka Laylee and Mighty No. 9 were below expectation.
I have been thinking about it, and it should've have made some sort of teleportation check points like the eagle statues instead of being able to tele to every shrine. I remember in Twlight Princess and Wind Waker trekking through everything and finding all the islands and small things in between each area, every new enemy, every new threat, but BoTW made too fast paced compared. Once you've explored an area (which was gorgeous and magical), it was littered with shrines and towers, nothing was left. Getting to city and towns we're too easy. 
Unfortunately after beating it, back into the dusty library. I loved every minute of it it gave me lots of joy, but I never found my self wanting to over achieve.
nah I'm just being weird
damn.......
Ã˜ YE MR KRABZ
I like how they crossed some BPT language and some shitty cartoonist's cartoon. 
"And here is my fine mahogany table that has been naturally buffed by the finest cows in the country."
Well Roblox Evil 5 doesn't exist anymore, so instead play Phantom Forces.
Easy, Life of an Otaku and Roblox Evil 5. 
To be 100% fair some ROBLOX games have real developers using it as a practice tool, and making absolutely stellar games. 
Bruh he was FLYINGG
Doesn't that get, bad.
that's actually kinda cute 
Ooo
Did the second episode come out yet? I've been waiting for months.
You know when you feel something crawling on you, and you are relieved to see it's just a ladybug.
This gif won't shutup!
Honestly all depends what you start with. I started with a GameCube Controller, here I am with a GC controller.
He just found it?
DO NOT ENTER UNLESS YOU ARE 18 
Yeah, but if you didn't realize it became a very popular meme on other platforms.
I said that 1 week ago ðŸ˜‚
Short story short she runs the UN now.
I'd normally agree yes be safe, but contribute to the post. He's at a University for a reason remember.
I can't help much, but I am a Diamond 2 as well! Therefore, I can tell some problems us Diamond 2 players have:

* Incosistency with the Wall
* 100% accurate Aerials
* Challenging ball instead of playing goalie all the time
0.01 pennies â€¢ 37k upvotes
37 bucks

Best part was that insult to injury bounce on the enemy car.
Of course. They look out for people that come in to work on a video game, not work their daily 9-5 and go home. It starts with passion, and AM2R was actually completed because it was made with much more than passion: a dream.
I live near North Chicago and at a BDubs they were showing Smash Bros Wii U 
What did I just watch
It can! Since your legs are broken, you have to wait a week before climbing back into that rank.
And also a like select teammates and click them to invite to party
Yeah, it says to fully covered it, but I kinda hit a little up so I gotta go lower.
I'm a righty, but I have long fingers. Was it natural for you as a lefty, or did you have to create some muscle memory first?
META-BLADE
ya know opposite of ketchup is must... Nevermind.
Buddies to Hubbies ._.
Damn for real tho 
Naw this is me when I go to japan ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ first thing ill do on the great Wall of China
Nigga this pencil DO NOT DO CALCULATIONS..... ðŸ˜¤ðŸ˜¤ðŸ˜¤ðŸ˜¤ðŸ˜¤ðŸ˜¤ 
My mom on god ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ’¯ðŸ’¯
PETTY ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ðŸ’€ðŸ’€ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
This is the type of pinch were you pull off your glasses but some hair is stuck to it.
Yahoo!!
I thought the flood water was the ground and it was just a really clean pool.
Ah, thanks local yeti.
I'd drift my whole life.
Kuxir is a pro who uses it
Ã˜
I was going to mention that. Aerialing in 3s is a necessary component, and where I got some game experience from. I should have made it clear I was talking about 2s solely.
If you're good at it, which you are
My heart
Charlie Sheen's son!!
this is the kind of shit that keeps me alive
What's wrong with R1 air roll?
just don't boost jump

http://reddit.com/r/RocketLeague/comments/6qodzp/why_im_the_literally_the_worst_rocket_league/dkzhsdz
I feel defense just comes with experience. I don't leave the goal at all until the last second, because there's always a chance I might be juked. There's a point where your opponent has to flick or shoot, not just drive the ball in. It's a sweet spot just found with time. 
Sure, to be clear I'm talking about not jumping in the air and flipping, that's just a power shot, which is great to do. I'm talking about being in the air to the point you can't dodge/flip in any direction. This suits more 2v2s, as 3v3s is much more forgiving, but it is just harder but not impossible to come in contact with the ball.

To better understand this, I like to say until your say Plat 2/you can convincingly make at least 50kmph aerial goals, this is how it is: 

If you leave the ground for an aerial, it's a 1v2 on the ground. If your teammate doesn't aerial like you do, it's even more a 1v2. If you and an opponent are in the air, it's a 1v1 on the ground. If EVERYONE is leaving the ground, yes it is a 2v2 again, but everyone starts soaring near mid plat. 

Why is it a 1v2? I'm hitting the ball. Yes you are, but it always falls. It takes longer for you to fall. So on the ground, it's a 1v2, even if it's still on your possession. You are still in the air, usually midfield 20 feet in the air with no boost and helpless until you touch the ground again. Worst case scenario you and your partner boost jump, because it can cause scenarios where it is 0v2.

I'm not home right now, but I can grab a replay where I played Diamond 2 doubles without crazy boost jumping a couple months ago. Boost jumping is by no means ever necessary if the ball touches the ground. 

In contrast, a grounded shot can be dribbled, easily passed, and easily scored, saves almost all ðŸ’¯ of your boost and leaves you with about a second of falling before jumping right in the game. You'd rather wait for your opponents to evoke a 1v2 situation. On the ground, it's not hard to turnover a 1v2 situation, you hold forward and press X twice with some boost. 

I'm not home right now, but if your interested I'll show you one of my earlier games in Diamond 2 a couple months ago where I couldn't boost jump aggressively at all. Lots of people said I was boosted, my friend said this looks no different than his gold game, but really it's positioning that takes you bronze to Grand Champion. I hope it makes sense now why even BRONZE has people doing aerials.

tldr: your not as good as aerial as ground shots, your teammates are CERTAINLY unprepared for you doing aerials, and people are in bronze because of aerials.
I understand the it, but it they were kinda at the same starting point, it wasn't obvious the other guy was gonna take it.
Flying yourself is your enemy unless it's Plat-Diamond. People flying against you below that tend to lose. Flying in diamond is just like people flying in bronze but just hit it a little harder and are nearly 100% accurate.
Yeah, don't worry I got it :>
No problem.
Analogies are more for insane plays. Not tryna be mean but the accompanying gif wasn't fitting :p
At those ranks up until plat, just don't boost jump ever. It's tempting but don't. Unless they're about to score high, fine.
He's joking
Wait I've seen you before, I'm sure your joking.
now he knows
Now this is how you contribute.
I mean, without the carrier it's just a handheld computer.
Maybe his dad got so mad that he killed him with a set of jumper cables.
I really don't take it for what it is. It that just been cultivated by angry gamers. But yes, I do agree it must stop.
 Top 10 in ladder? That's tournament worthy. What the hell?
Ok that makes sense, your seven hours ahead of me.
What time is it there right now? 6:30 right?
The subreddits for learning useless talents
I laughed
Hey man I'm a bit busy today, sorry I can't make it. I'll add you, we will play in the future.
He look like the friend in highschool you are acquainted with and like you haven't had a class with him in 6 years but when you two are seated next to each other your like supppp mannn ðŸ¤œðŸ¤›
6 hours earlier of you
Nah I'm saying your 6 hours ahead of me, so if you play at 6pm I'm playing at 12pm. But yeah, I do game at night as well
:P.
I am 6 hours behind you, so 6pm on CET is fine.
CET so that'd be 12PM for me tomorrow. Sure!
What that guy said is correct. 99% of shots ever in Rocket League is because the goal is open, and that happens after 1. a weak aerial 2. a whiff 3. double commit. I can safely tell you now aerials will actually demote you up until Plat 2. Yes, Gold 3 to Plat 1 does make fine aerials, but they aren't 100% consistent with it. It's like tennis, just keep returning the ball, they'll eventually mess up. I started playing again some time ago and reached Plat 2, but as soon as I got comfortable with aerials I started dropped viciously. At Gold 3 I just refrained from aerials. You should still train them, and go for them only in situations where you can score or they will score on you. Aerials in the field are kind of unnecessary when instead you have the time for a grounded powershot.
I'll play with you on PS4 and get you to say gold 2
Ok I did some research on jump, and no I do not. 
I don't have a sick child at bay but my friend had been on edge of buying this and still hasn't. I hope I win!
Lots of new people are starting to play
Maybe those are his thumbs and he's opening his tiny hands outwards.
I see.
What if I cancel a line and re add it with this promotion
Wow, thanks so much. A lot of clarity.
I see. You mean like financing right? They pay more monthly?
Who now?
Fuck I got a 960.
6677.91
I'll play with you on PC. 
I would nut my damn pants Strikers is a fucking god of a game.
Hey man, when rocket league comes out, not to boast but I'm Diamond 2. I really want to play with you. Hmu!!!
As long as the controller is easily controllable, there is no difference. Hell, if someone was used to using a Linksys router, then it just comes down to the game.
I kid you not I just stayed at plat 3 div 4 for at least 2 weeks, dropped to div 3 about twice but that's it.
niqQa tHaTs FOxY
because they were exposed when it was illegal in their teen years
Twisted Fate
I think this post only applies to Hindus, but RS has never featured pork, this game is most halaal. *Bismillah*.
ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ smash tournaments u ain't wrong
:( ok! Good luck!
op if you mail me your memory card I can do my best to try to recover that data
!RedditSilver
that's why the size of the field is increased
Well why the fuck would you create 2 different ISPs? To make it *look* like there is no Monopoly?
This has been my dream ever since I was a kid.
How my life would change.
yeah I looked at 11 and it wasn't there but my time was 12 so it just wasn't available
agree
96
How do I download the PS4 beta for open beta?
You have to have a good personality to be a damn admin or moderator and at least 50% people don't understand that. The guy went to an admin for his needs to make the game a better environment and instead gets boned by an ignorant admin? Well, I guess I just shouldn't report anyone right? 
good
Damn, how are you doing now?
sAd! ðŸ˜žðŸ˜žðŸ˜ž
ELI5 How developers make puzzels like these? Some of them are so tricky and precise, I wonder how the developers have enough mental firepower to generate so many complicated puzzles.
It's a mod, so I doubt they'll be too anxious to throw down a ban hammer.
Well- fuck.
Unrelated, but I like how they use some traditional Japanese melody at the end. I just imagine when Japan makes videos regarding the US, they use the US national anthem, or some slow beat guitar.
sorry for the absolutely shit quality
That shit you hang in your room to remind yourself you can do anything.
267
It's not the player pool, it's the ranks. it's just on PC I rocketed to Diamond and can win 50% of my games. 
I am straight up Diamond 3 on PC but Plat 2 on PS4. I have to entirely switch play styles everytime I switch. On PS4 I sit in goal for powershot opportunity to the other side, but have to act slowly on offense to avoid me getting ahead of the ball, and some of my teammates love to double commit. I can't boost jump passes, because they'll boost jump and possibly miss, leaving us both airborne. Have you ever noticed you winning against people who are just amazing at boost jumps? That's the idea.

Diamond 3 however, I have to boost jump every opportunity I have to gain possession. While I try not to boost jump with my partners, they hit it more controlled and precisely to allow us to land, fight on point or defend upcoming fast breaks.
What do dog's think of TVs? Windows?
Blue 9 orange 8
Don't be afraid to just to say hi and lend pencils and shit. Making friends with the class will make you much more confident, positive, and looking forward to it.
Smash commentators sometimes can't keep their mouths clean, and especially the crowd cannot. I bet this is going to have a 20 minute delay for Disney to be ready to avoid any profane language.
Why didn't they just eat it for the video? Why would you fake it?
There times where I just want to practice, and the Switch would be a great tool to do so. Yes.
/u/Zylire, can you please have someone record this without any glasses, so it just looks like 3 insane people playing and watching a wall.
 How do these kids get exposed to this?
WAMMMMMMMMMM
nigga I said WAM
What's the wecommend amount of dedidated wam I should have on a server?
make sure you watch the twitch VOD also. The chat goes absolutely bonkers.
Thank you so much for the thoughtful reply. I will incorporate this!
Sorry to jack the thread but

how do I do proper aerials? I got to Diamond II with no aerials at all (except for defensive, e.g. tapping the ball away from my goal), but I definitely feel like I have a skill wall where I just cannot come in contact with the ball anymore by just sitting on the ground. When I go for aerials, they always feel so weak, misguided, or whiffed, and then the opponent volleys it back much harder, and I'm 100 ft. in the air while the opponent scores. I dropped from Diamond II to Platinum I trying to incorporate aerials, but eventually I just abandon trying to do it and stuck to the ground. Jumping and committing your car to an aerial leaves your goal with one, or sometimes no defenders. I'd much rather just try to capitalize off my opponents mistakes than go for aerial goals.
I almost deleted rocket league and I am 400 miles away from home
Fuck Reddit all of you cut the gifs just to annoy people or get extra karma by commenting the source.
Ok, sorry for getting amped up.
Is the bridge split for both sides?
/r/wholesomebamboozle
Needed to balance it somehow.
Wow, sounds like a fun way to burn off quiet hours.
My dad does this. Our happiness is his.
ITT everyone has the most snotty dipshit computers ever.
My buddy likes this.ðŸ‘
This sub transforms to wholesome btp everyday
Do things tell you if there is strictly gluten?
I think it's in part that barely any kids use a computer at a young age without intention. I also remember people showing each other these flash games during school, or at their homes. Another thing is that YouTube exposed more kids to ROBLOX and Minecraft, so they get on their computers and load that up, instead of searching for flash games.

Take this w a grain of salt
In a room with 100 pinoys loving Smith's talk after the game.
I always thought these things were cool. They're not. They take significant characters and objects to make the lots, and the jail might still be the Monopoly jail. These sometimes feel just like a shitty texture pack, or what you actually expect.
They've already probably secured themselves a reward for their illustrations. 
so, he's not guilty over it?
hopefully not their marriage

Oh wait that's never evenly split in half.
TREAT

YO

SELF

but srs good luck
It just looks like he jumped on him
Oh, accident. That's clearly a red card incident.
Who was the player defending him? How does he live with that kind of guilt?
man I hope he died.
On the last seconds of that gif, he like kisses that grey like hes running everywhere and the grey guy is like <3<3<3 and the dog is like I love you too.
It's just hard to actually get a lead, so you are usually close to your opponents and susceptible to more items. The turns on that map are very tight.
Unfortunately I think that baby tried to take a fat breath.
I realized I never played this game on manual. Probably would have made sprints much more skillful.
Wow, I heard that voice atleast 3 years ago. Glad to see Docm doing well.
Jacque!
"Just say: *Damn! That sucks!*" - Tom Haverford
I don't know anyone who hasn't played this game.
BORN JUST A LITTLE TO-

BORN JUST A LITTLE TO-

SLLOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUGGHHH 
name checks out
Wh-what happened to him?
my mom says the same exact shit!
I was just being ridiculous
Damn bro congrats! 
When things like this happen, what kind of break are they given? A day?
Sadly bots are realisticly just for starting out. Some games can have bots that play like humans, but not rocket league where a robot driving a car is much different than a human driving a car.
I'm only diamond three, but I feel the main difference between champ and gc is the sharpest of judgement. I still play champs who barely jump for a ball because they hesitate by a ms everytime. It could mean denying a goal, taking possession, it even scoring.
If you showed me a picture of Metroid, I would have said the same thing. That's why you should just play it.
What happens to them? Do they upscale? Honestly that is a huge turn off.
Uh, LEDONGDESTROYER isn't enough for you?
I believe it depends on a game. For a solely single player game, like Fallout 4, it has some age. For a solely multiplayer game, say RL, it's a baby. 
Dual Monitor Backgrounds?
haHaa iza joke! joke! Tease!
"Hey what happened to your tattoo of a rose?"

"I shit it"
Why do I even participate in these anymore.
Holy fuck
I will not win. How do I know? Because I never do.
Considering their age, I have so much respect for them to step up to the system peacefully, and stage a genuinely impacting protest.
Why don't you make it what the victim was served, so people don't accuse people of rape?
Damn, looks like you can get a lot of points for, how you say, reposting. Can someone please make an r/educationalgifs of how to do it?
Curious OP, where was this picture taken? I have a weird feeling I have seen this same guy with the same car somewhere.
Just shave the last panel and it's Good
Some old ass anti piracy measures that took place some time ago, and the people in the middle frame are famed for still cracking them open.
I found it funny, it has a jumpy connotation to it, like Perd Hapley. Now that's what I call, a meme I saw, 30 weeks ago, ninety-three.
Yeah, I float around diamond for a couple months, I am sure that's where I belong
Thanks friend.
My apologies. I didn't see the joke past the negative votes you had :o
We are on /r/gif, you ass.
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon

I wanted to see him look around and see if anyone was looking.
Oh sorry! I can see your opinion well. A better way to say it is like more complicated than the top.
and why would it fail? People who want a 3DS already own one. You could buy one since 2012.
The color and the pattern of the wheels have a "complexity" to them, in contrast to the "simplistic" body design.
Damn. I love the solid blues and the complex wheels.
Love you guys.
Thank God. I haven't played a linear adventure in so long. It feels good, because you don't feel obligated to conquering every single side quest or find loot in every nook and cranny. 
I can't access this for some reason. Can someone tell me why?
I'm afraid games will just stop selling as well as they would on the 3DS in 2019, and they will actually wait for developers to pull the plugs instead of them. You have all the reasons to own a Switch by 2019, the E3 lineup and other unknown upcoming games are absolutely ridiculous.
damn. Anyone know what happened to the teacher after that?
BUT A MAN HAS TO WORK 10 HOURS A DAY OF HARD LABORRR
Wuh-nex-box
I actually kind of like this. What if, what if, we can see our Xbox Live friends on Xbone and Windows 10? 
Oh hell no. An FPS sometimes comes down to the frame, and looking good is a better decision?
Yeah, what's with them ALL wearing some nice suit top, and just a shitty 25$ jinx shirt underneath, with jeans? 
That's looks kinda like chicago
/r/all #1
AM2R

Another Metroid 2 Remake!
Based on your username, I'll just take your word for it
That's Alec Fray! He made the Switch! /s
I feel like when he saw her he felt obligated though.
You get attached to the town.
i mean come on it was 2016
aaaaNnNNn PERKINS
Squid Boss
That's what the Olympics are tho
Uh, no, that was the cleanest game I have ever seen.
I I i I. I I don't get. It HELP
How were you and Aubrey offset? You guys seem so opposite of characters.
I just realised they call it poker face because in poker you keep a neutral expression.
Shift key 
Shift?
I do the same thing
Smoke
Ctrl+W ing all that shit after you get it down
omg me
fun game
How can I save a dry drowner?
What's the point of a haiku? 5-7-5 syllables is just so random, I don't see the point. 
S A V E D
Ok I wasn't arguing on what classifies as a humanoid, just that the target audience isn't any different by showing the game vs people.
weLL PLaYed ðŸ¤’ðŸ¤’ðŸ¤’ HE GOT HIM
One edgy girl in my school does this.
Yeah, humans. 
Draymond Green
No, they usually die from blood clots forming in their legs from not moving for a longgg time.
:O
Dad ate my ass
Good. No rush at all!
I love it when Roblox games push their limits, and that's what make them enjoyable. When will it be done?
I see a shitty update to a shitty nintendo game that will take the world up by a breeze. 
My brain hurts
Animal Crossing. It sounds like a weird kids game- definitely not. I read somewhere, bear with me, I think half it's audience is young adult to adult women
I never thought I'd like a full function row full of gorillas
If that's a door knob, i have a boner
her ass
Oh fuck. Funny you replied, my phone is rooted. I am really worried now. I'll have to mess with working root cloaks now :<.
you look like you seduce a group of young ladies into your elaborate scheme. After you look so affectionate for them, they find themselves trapped in a cage, and all of a sudden your feelings disappear and just walk away with your shades on and say "wrap it up, boys."
http://imgur.com/Pby01ee it's bad but it's so ruthless
Damn good
God, it's ridiculous how they are making the online functionality through an app. What if your phone isn't charged? What if your phones buggy? What if it's old and slow? Incompatible? Have a phone at all? All instead of having it locally on the same damn device so I don't need two independent pieces of technology to play online with friends.
effect and affect
just a coincidence! He has had many rolls, just Parks and Rec's Douche was one of them.
How is JonTron supplying himself w caSh
/r/gifsthatkeepongiving 
Mummy. I don't know why, but I feel at home with him.
The book's pages and flaps are her hair, and those legs are just the guys.
Chipotle's great, but these hellish incidents give off a vibe that their entire staff and corporation is ran by 22 year olds.
hold up buddy, you are aware the seed just generates the land, not "save" a world? If I enter that, I'll just get whatever the world started with, no skyblock, chests, tree.
ELI5 Why the fuck are people paying thousands for a fucking picture that may cost more than the actual event? 

Why can't I just pay a buddy a sweet $100 bill to take them?

sorry I'm not indigenous here, and I cannot get this over my head.
aww








What the hell did I just do.
Woah
you know it
Who makes friends on here
Life is Strange has a fine pace and great story to it. Glad to see it on the free list now!
/u/timetraveler09099
It says in the photo
I watched Mulan 10 times when I was 8, and I didn't know why. Sweet!
That dude on the right got pelted
I really want to see an interview. 
Smart!
Damn. This is creative.
Hot Wheels
Well fuck I should buy it.
This is a /r/CoolGuides, not learning a useless talent.
Come on and Islam
Holy Shit, I wanna play. 
How the hell do people do all these air dribbles, double touches, crazy flipping. I'm diamond 2 and don't know what the fuck y'all are doing half the time.
Shenmue. Honestly what the fuck.
Damn Pepsi's expensive as fuck
lol
and we TRY to kill them every second. They'll be gone, guys.
Hello my name's PEWWDIEPIE

FUCK fuccc Fuk FUHUCKKK Fuck you Fucyu FAKKKKKK!! fuck you bro. Fuck you. FUUCKR fuck fuck fuCker fuckbiscuit thank you all for watching bro army fis bum ðŸ‘Š 
I'm getting those Square Enix puzzle games vibe.
If anything, it helps people not be outcast with a fidget spinner.
METAMORPHOSIS COMPLETE
 I wonder what the parents and population thought of it.

"*Is this what those so-called evolutions are?*"
I have returned and I have no idea what the hell to do. http://prntscr.com/f7r68h.png Last thing I remember doing was going onto Ape Island and getting shot by poison darts and a flying gnome.
it also can mean like the american equivalent of clapping your hands and saying saying "lets get to work." Usually I see people do this when they are leaving from a party, like, "lets get going."
I've always wanted a mechanical keyboard. How do you have 15?!

I grew up in the 2000s, and I understand this.
pEoplE gET OfenDed at EvERythiNG these daYs
Absolutely fuck creating Ethernet ports. You gotta run CAT5 cables first up by playing Wii Sports Fishing using a moving ceiling fan, then get the little fuckers into the Ethernet cords in correct order, at the same lengths, in all the way, and pinch them, which deplete my dick. And finally fuck the drilling and carving out a damn square. It wasn't a fun project I anticipate it to be.
Therapy22
Inb4 a religious group's Facebook cover photo with like 12 people in it.
I have never seen anything remotely like this in rocket league history. Awesome.
Haha, gotcha
I would! But what does Lawlocaust mean
My titty collection size will increase 10 fold with the HD 
no i love this app, i cannot use other apps because i love ethis app so much
Once I've been to here, I can't go to anything else. 
where the daughter tho
Mildly
ELI5 How Bitcoin fluctuate so much without making thousands of people millionaires?
CRAP!
You answered my question completely. Thank you!
Just in general. It's a mess getting there, I don't know how people would afford getting to air in the game.
Update us, but most importantly if it gets shitty, contact your HR.
I have an S4, how do I do it? I'll see if it works.
Mulan
goD has spoKen
Until Africa is dead
Summoner's Rift allows for intuitive static gameplay.

He now works at fuck and luck
Local bee illustrates the fourth dimension.
im sorry but what the actual FUCK
(LOL)

I think he actually amplifies the joke. I intially forgot Trump was the mayor of value town, and when I read it, it remind me he was! 

You know what forget it, I just realized it wasn't a joke at all. It's more of a statement. I don't think it weakens the joke, but doesn't amplify it either. 
Yeah but, "that's some value," and "mayor of value town" are two completely separate jokes. One quoted him, and one is his own joke.
You could have put more effort into your Reddit outfit
well he is the mayor of value town

Its not like he didn't understand it, he just said another fact
Alright, fuckhead69!
FUCK REDDIT ADMINS CENSORING US

Stop using Reddit? *Leave??*
Definitely not when it's blocked by a phone
It's just porn at this point
There's no magic to rice, it's a grain. It won't suck out the water from inside.
Thanks for the Minecraft tag, almost fUKciNg dieD
*"Let's get down to business, to defeat, the Huns!"*
I genuinely flinched when I saw it. Jesus.
[The nostalgia](https://youtu.be/rAirFpUl97k)
Idk, I see it more like cheering you on, like a soccer player with the ball 10 foot from the goal.
Looks like your first time on the half pipe, and you try jumping and die.
It's real.
It's real.
Good Papa
Depends. What games you play? Or are you just broad with your games? If so, 4k60 is great around.
298 (first entry)
1028
What the hell is in the background with colorful houses divided by 5 per square mile in a desert? Bikini bottom?
ejaculating and catching it and returning it to it's home for future use
K
Wym? 
This is going to be one entry, probably because I'll be too busy tomorrow. Good luck all!
sup nigga 
Only 214500% the value
Why the fuck should I buy a game I already have
Deep Web just kind of sounds like a secret abyss within the fogged ocean. No. Places like your profile page are deep web. Your Reddit page is deep. Your payment methods are deep. Dark Net is those shady and underground places people scare about.
Castle Crashers. You chase this fuck absolutely everywhere, and it made it frustrating running and all of a sudden desert section, then swamp, then mountain. It was good game design, but like you were so close each time.
username
When the lights went black and the blender didn't go off immediately, I felt a lot of anxiety. 
**RESSSSIDDDEEEENTTTT EEEEVVVILLLLL**

Hey, that's my little brother! Poison. We heard Mangachu laugh through his headphones, and here it is! 
Colossi is justvtoo slowpaced against Zerg's huge DPS.
It can't be shaped like a literal bubble, and stay in form. Natural butts don't do that.
It doesn't have to necessarily become a game, simply just a mode in the game. That would be awesome.
UNFORGIVING
You're the type to bring in killer cupcakes, and *then* the class starts being nice to you.
What a great news source. They were really educated on the system, games, and forecast controversial topics like video game violence and addiction, a decade later.
You were born on 1991, November 7th. 
holy fuck
Yeah, and encourage her to eat well and healthy at school. 
That's for another post *closes book*.
That's some monster OST, I can't wait!
bro let me just sleep over it's already 11
> F = Fuka

haha
Damn, is that under a bed? Awesome.
Escb
YOU CAN READ OSU. Now that's a true battle wound.
My friend won't stop about this. Better give it a look.
What if
Go to the middle of the slider and go left and right, and look at blue corner. It's like small subreddits all planned an attack on blue corner.
THE TIGER IS IN THE CAGE
How about, StarCraft.
I said before this I'd bet a billion it wouldn't go in. Well.
I heard porn is good
His face looked kinda hot in the first workout
i dunno. I just want one :(
id guess
How did he find one?! I have looked everywhere for one, but none come up.
let them think that uppercase is a sin
ELI5 I see red and green lasers? I know they are different, like the military uses green lasers.
I hate using free speech as the Trump Card, but fucking come on.
/r/BetterEveryLoop
Inb4 they're like "THIS IS NOTHING LIKE MILKING A COW" and a Nintendo rep is like .-.
What? They got their money, they're good.
I hope they acquire more licenses.
I disagree with your comment about the advantage analog triggers. PC players play with out it just fine, and my friend is GC with a Wii U Pro Controller. The minute control of slowly driving serves little benefit, which usually can be compensated for by not moving at all.
Rocket League with spin would be a holy different game
A dude brought power to his village through a Wind Mill he made through books
Does he have PTSD of a fucking gate running away
*one of these is not like the other!*
http://imgur.com/ai1tMwf
I'm so sad this isn't real.
How do you have the guts to risk your life like that?
Chocobo
STOPPP POSSTINGG THISSS INTO EVERY SINGLE SUBREDDIT POSSIBLE
*wakes up* ohh man what a NIGHT. Hope he gave the camera settings.
ghost in the shell
ghost in the shell
That's just because rank is really concentrated at these smaller ranks.
If it were like Metroid Prime sort of open world, I'm down
Chromecast. Used everyday for the past four years.
Does suicide still cross your mind, or have you realized that its truly a rock bottom thing, and rock bottom is extremely far from where you are?
Feel like it's more of a drag. Nevertheless, absolutely sick corkscrew to chase the ball.
My brother's neighbor just shits ass with a Rumble Pak attached. Pretty satisfying to hear if you aren't eating.
Love the totally audible and loud sound of a ball coming at me.
EmeraldWarlock ðŸ”¥
I do need a new Skype machine.
First day of school

"Uh, Intercontinental Ballistic Missle?"

"Here."

"Do you prefer something else?"

"Yeah, ICBM."

"*mumbles I-C-B-M while scratching out long name for nickname*"
Ah, I didn't read that. Thanks 
"write it in like, code, idk"

"Uh, ok. *searches 'code' on Google* Looks like all these start with soodough money and end in sh, and the spaces are replaced with dots."
F33T!
294