People often mean logarithmic when they say exponential.
Walk a half marathon and compare notes.

edit: In all seriousness, just walk a distance that you know and see if your phone reports the same distance.
Google maps doesn't have a speedometer (as far as I know). Waze also has real time crowd sourced updates for police activity and road hazards. GMaps only does road closures or big crashes. Also Waze talks less and sometimes they have guest voices that are nice.
Probably a wash. the cas 16 is probably less and I know Linus has said that on the ryzen platform there are crazy diminishing returns after 3200 and not much difference really after 3000 (or 2933). With those two options you can't really go wrong.

So whichever looks better or costs less.
Those two specifications don't work that way. As frequency goes up usually the latency does as well. You would pay more for high frequency low latency ram than if you bought lower frequency (mhz) or higher latency (cl).
Would you have been more open to a pronoun diatribe four days ago? Or is that just an excuse?
Thank you. 
That was my fault for not being more specific. Most money made does not equal most devices sold and should not be equated to poliferation. 
*Finished decorating me and my girlfriend's room. In the predicate of the sentence you say, "me and." In the subject of the sentence you say, "and me." People struggle with this because of elementary teachers that half understand pronoun rules.
Exactly this. Only the highest end models from the second most prolific smart phone manufacturer. If you want to strike equivelence between total sales of Apple and Samsung, you have to adjust for the fact that a large portion of Samsung sales are budget devices that don't have the feature set of the more premium devices.
Watch as much UHD content as you want it's still a FHD screen. And it has been FHD on the larger iPhones now for 4 years.
This is incorrect. Samsung moved on. Not most. Just that one company. And they didn't move on because it was a bad idea but they didn't have the technology to make it work.

Apple's is also proprietary and shares functionality with Qi. They said so when they showed the pad that would charge three devices at once. The new iPhones also have a type of quickcharging. Although, they didn't say if it would be functional with quick charging.
Judaism
This should be upvoted a lot more. If an arguement makes you feel good, you should immediately try and tear it down. I'm sure the original post hit a lot of people's buttons but we should be so critical of our snap judgements. We're just reinforcing our biases.
Don't forget to put sugar in the gas tank and limburger behind the cabin air filter. If time permits of course.
It's an easy win for a city government to remove a literal drowning machine! Why haven't they!?
Hopefully someone can answer. Why does this still exist? I imagine we have the technology. Are there environmental concerns that require preserving this in what I imagine is a city already? Why isn't there a metal grate over this? Why didn't someone excavate it? Why hasn't someone blown it up? This is going to keep me up...
Sure is. I try not to let sells stay up because I know how frustrating that can be.
It's also in Shrek 2

Edit: The song in Shrek is "Holding Out for a Hero"
m.2 is a size. There are m.2 drives at SATA speeds and m.2 drives at NVMe speeds. Are you looking for a comparison to NVMe? If so... it depends.
I'm struggling to see how heuristics applies to anti-virus programs.
PM'd
Happy leveling up!
Imo the m40x is better. If you're going to go higher end I probably wouldn't suggest AT. There's a YouTube reviewer Zeos that reviews audio equipment. Be forewarned he's an aquired taste, but his reviews are solid and avoid the pitfalls of many audio reviewers. He doesn't use BS audiophile terminology and instead focuses on tangibles and what the specific equipment is good at and isn't good at. Also keep in mind there are serious diminishing returns when it comes to audio.

TLDR: imo if you're going to spend more than the m40x cost. Buy [monoprice](https://www.monoprice.com/category/audio-and-video/monolith-series/monolith-headphones) or [sennheiser](https://smile.amazon.com/Sennheiser-HD-650-Professional-Headphone/dp/B00018MSNI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1491856462&sr=8-1&keywords=sennheiser+650). They are beloved. Also at this price range a dac and amp is usually recommended.
I'll be ready to join the workforce after my next doctorite.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Probably
I think Joaquin is going to run against Cruz.
It's digital. If it works, it isn't broken.
I'm from the area. It's actually on a pretty small lot if I remember correctly. There's a lot of houses in that neighborhood that I would rather live in. 

90% sure this is it.
 https://www.google.com/maps/@43.7040735,-114.3668623,195m/data=!3m1!1e3
If people who are working (especially full time) still need assistance, they aren't the ones receiving government support; their employer is.
Toyota Sienna (Toyota is popular right?) 296bhp 3.5l V6

Curb Weight 4415lb base model

14.92lb per horsepower (lower is better)

Ford Focus (my favorite compact) 160bhp 2.0 l4

Curb Weight 2800lb base model

17.5lb per horsepower...

Okay. You're right. I'm not happy about it.
No. But 10% sales tax gets old fast.
If you didn't love to hate him the show was unwatchable.
He carried that show from the moment he got screentime.
I'm interested. Lmk if you can come down a little bit.
When it's written vertically it's also an acrostic.
We don't really do Bretton Woods anymore. It just isn't fashionable.
Spoilers GOT. Seasons 5&6

Are the record companies the Starks of Winterfell in this analogy? Shouldn't Apple be the Red Woman that promises you everything but doesn't fully understand the magic that she controls and ends up sacrificing what little morality Stannis had left in his no holds barred quest for the throne which then leads to his demise?
It looks like your first flume example has been taken down. What was it?
*who
Are the wheels cambered or is it just the angle of the photo?
No, mustard is correct.
Alec Baldwin is pretty left of center. 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apple.movetoios

It moves sms, contacts, and apps
Can you link the sync beta please?
This is definitely Friedman Memorial.
Comment
I know Idaho doesn't require an emissions test. But that's only because I live there. 
Coal plants are more efficient than ICE cars when it comes to c02. 
10 pounds of fat is equivalent to 1.14 gallons. That is a significant amount of volume to reduce from your body. I wouldn't belittle that amount of progress. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basque_language
I don't think you got the joke.
I think what you're trying to do is fit the mold of capitalism to private prisons. But there's a good argument to be made that some industries just shouldn't be run by the profit motive. Progressives often argue that prisons, Healthcare, national parks, and other public goods shouldn't be driven by the profit motive because ultimately they'll sacrifice the commodity. This isn't to say that it can't be done, but like in the case of national parks you would lose the intent of the monument if it was owned by a company. For example, Disney land is great and Yosemite is great, but I don't want Disney to run Yosemite like they do Disney Land. 
Can you assign point values to this list? And then say, a thresh-hold for adequacy?
All of the gestures are programmable with a mouse like the mx master. And you won't live with lifelong RSI.
Yes. If one of the cards clock speeds is lower, they will both run at the lower speed.
Diesel actually has less energy in it than gasoline. The fuel economy comes from the higher compression ratio.
Don't listen to them. That's a joke to be proud of.
Low interest rates and quantitative easing are two different things. 
Amazon does not price match.
Unfortunately unless someone just grabs the cpu and the ram, I'm not going to sell the mobo. But it is a possibility and I'll let you know if I sell the other two.
I'd like $260 for the bunch.
I'd like $260 for the bunch.
I have one would you also want the mobo and ram with it? It's not really worth it for me if I don't also get rid of them because of the new standard.
I can't remember the model gigabyte board that I have but it's standard atx. The ram is corsair vengeance 16MHz.
The masochists among us.
100% of cat owners are fucked. But it's presumed they only make up 49% of the population. 
Could you link the wallpaper?
Look up the Waco incident. 
Keep in mind that young families need health care and future prospects. And even though you may not agree with all of our countries policies, our military's actions, or the externalities of war, it's a job that someone has to do. Yes, it often means that the most disadvantaged people end up in harms way which is just another reason that you should be grateful for their service. And if you really care about the father and their family vote for people who want to provide meaningful resources to military members and their families because right now we just get a lot of talk in this country about how we support our troops. I have a sticker that says don't thank me for my service if you vote Republican and I mean it because of young families like this.
Sounds great! can I get some pictures of both?
Do you still have the S5s? can I get some pictures of the phones?

Thank you so much. I'm broke because I bought one of these monitors but I would buy you gold if I wasn't. Thank you so much! This is so deserving of gold.
Still looking [USA-ID] now. 
Yes. You also need one of Intel's newest processors and a new mobo.
Yes
GLWP
https://www.reddit.com/r/hardwareswap/comments/3qby1q/usacah_lenovo_y50_uhd_w_paypal/

Price is negotiable. Case, charger, and mouse included too.
I really hope /u/Seen_Unseen sees this. It would be really beneficial for he or she. That's assuming they understand it...
Yes you can. That's the point they're making... 
Sorry. I'm good I don't really need another laptop or 360. 
Still got it :)
Thank you!
This giveaway is so nice! Beggars can be choosers.
Thank you for the communities you have started. A lot of people really appreciate it.
Spinach breaks down into oxalates and can cause kidney stones. For someone who is already at risk, it can severely increase their likelihood of getting stones.
[MayoClinic](http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/kidney-stones/basics/prevention/CON-20024829)
I don't know. I only heard the part about it only being on CBS. The anchor made it sound like the most important thing.
I'm told it's only on CBS.
Thanks! Ya these laptops all seem to have the same problem around the speaker grills. It's all cosmetic and the plastic can be replaced but it isn't a structural problem so I haven't bothered. Hope your Y50 is treating you well!
Yes.
I'm on moblie right now so it's a little bit difficult to find the thing I'm referencing, but there is a color accuracy rating along with calibration. Some panels are just capable of being more accurate than others. And as it goes the Dell does a good job. That said LG typically has very good panels.
Not all panels are created equally. The Dell has amazing build quality e.g. thin bezels and vesa mounting, and a height and tilt adjustable stand. It is one of the best 1080p monitors you can buy because they come color calibrated from the factory which makes them a lot better for professional work. And finally because it's an ultrasharp so it comes with a three year warranty that pretty much covers everything. Speaking from experience I had a pixel that died on mine and because I reported the issue within a month of purchase they over-nighted me a new monitor to replace it (not a refurbished model). Buying this monitor is like buying an iPhone with Applecare.
Protect and serve? 
This is such a beautiful response to a charged comment. That is such an amazing attitude to have!
Hey buddy. It was sarcasm. They know, and you aren't helping. 
Probably not. That would mean your engine is 440cc compact sedans have at least 1600cc. And if you have an American v8 it's probably 4800cc or greater in volume. 
Bury it for future generations so they can marvel at the antiquated technology, or put it on display now. Same thing.

Honestly though, I don't see you finding a buyer. iPod Touches are very reasonably priced new.
No.
It is the best decision anyone has ever made. :)
Depends on if the current monitor is ips or not really. And if you're going to have a multi monitor set up. And if you need a monitor that's vesa compatible. Otherwise you can save a lot of money with a different ips monitor. 
I just purchased two of the u2414h and I can honestly say I've never been happier with a monitor purchase. Not only is the monitor of superb quality but their warranty is unmatched. For three years if you get a single dead pixel they will replace it! If you're worried about the response time I have read that Dell is really conservative with their reports and I have not noticed any odd monitor ghosting behavior.

Edit: Just purchased as in about a month ago.
Are you looking to upgrade laptops I have a y50 4k that I would be willing to trade.
Of course the phone has LTE!
Yes
200 shipped. 
I have an unlocked HTC One M8 with Verizon Branding. I can send it with a case in original packaging. PM me if interested.
Ya, slightly.
It's a joke. He talks about it constantly in his stand-up.
I bet you're fun at parties. 
Are you looking for a more powerful laptop? My 4k y50 has more power than I need in a laptop. 16gb RAM and 4gb 860m.
As someone whose family owns a carpet cleaning business; he is exactly correct. Stay away from any product that is not for carpet cleaning! Also, if anyone is looking into getting a new vacuum. Don't get a Dyson. Get what every single carpet cleaner and Janitor uses. A Mastercraft http://www.mastercraftusa.com/products/Commercial-Upright-Vacuums/Twinmaster.php#.UioxE8ashcY.

Apple seeds. Thousands and thousands of apple seeds. Maybe I would blend them and make a smoothie...
http://www.snopes.com/food/warnings/apples.asp
*Badly
264 months?
I don't think so. You made the claim so where is the proof?
Don't forget to bring a towel.
You mean lie. All of you mean to say lie.
There is also a spoon in the Fed part. http://i146.photobucket.com/albums/r250/Minion2/fedex.jpg
False there is a town in England called Schrumphed and if that doesn't work the next longest is squirreled
I know her she is actually an accountant.
Blaine county resident here, it is because of the pot lots and lots of pot. 
Blaine county is where Ketchum and Sun Valley are zip is 83340 and 83353
(Have got) is grammatically incorrect.
Your cake is bad
And you should feel bad
You Shook Me All Night Long - ACDC
I have a thing for irony... 
The Scientist - Coldplay seeing the music video is a must.