yeah, second one is ruled out. no major health problems, just sometimes you just don't feel well when there is no water around you.
I buy 5l water bottles every day
drink?
Sure :) Thank you for good words
Depends. I can kind of control that at least, hold it, but when I am at home in the evening, then 2-3 times per hour is common for me. The worst is of course when you're outside and there are no toilets anywhere! You have no idea how many times I awkwardly enter and ask random shops and restaurants if I can use the loo.  
I eat a lot of that, yes. I love salty cheese for example. I guess food compensates water since my belly is not bottomless !
Oh, I did not know, I'll write it down, thanks
Of course! First years my parents forced me not to drink that much, I felt sick, stomachaches and headaches. Excessive water intake drains vitamins too and that's pretty bad for immune system. I honestly think I can fix myself, I wish I had someone living with me, so hard  to find for a foreign guy a girlfriend in London. With no job (still study) and no "brad pitt" looks.
haha yes we do :D 
feels worst on the dates, I have no girlfriend and live alone, tried to find someone, maybe they will be good influence on me. Love does magic. I lost 20 kilos when I was 17 because I first girlfriend did not like me a bit chubby. 
I guess one of the "good things" (or bad?) of drinking water so much is that I can identify good quality water from bad, very easy.
I live in UK and water here is garbage unless you are lucky to find European waters or Scottish local-bottled waters. Pretty much any other brand is tasteless for me. People praise evian or smartwater or Fiji water....not even close to being as rich as water can be
Yes, it's horrible. I mean, there are worse things in the world but at that moment you are thinking that's the worst that can happen to you. You can't think straight, you wanna fall down, can't even walk and feel sick. 
But this is not common for me. Thankfully. 
As far as hormones go, I am not sure, if there were problems, my blood test would have showed.  I know it's weird, "what if I stop drinking so much and drink like normal human" but it does not work. I tried. I carry bottle waters everywhere I go. On plus side - nobody around me needs to buy water, I always have some, on the other side - I usually drink most of it.
No. I have been checked at very expensive German private hospital called Martha Maria. You are correct to assume that as high water levels cause the level of salt, or sodium, in the blood to drop too low. But weirdly, I am totally fine most of the time. Apart from few events when I got intoxicated. 
Mate... just [watch this](https://youtu.be/xJpHWDSq9Mg?t=10m9s) and make your own conclusion.
Deadmau5, the Goat Lord
This thread is the reason why Jordan Peterson wrote a book
Deluded tyrant 
Sounds like old mix?
I see haha :D makes sense
Nah, its ok. Thanks for suggesting :)
Oh thanks. Did not know
What is with these rules anyway? Touch the ground. Not touch... what’s the difference? 
awwww you have a girlfriend
Oh man, TB sounds bad :( I can hear the sadness in his speech. 
HONEY
WHERE 
IS 
MY 
SUPER
SUIT 
Math is math - why would they change it?
Ask Social Justice Warriors and Gender Study professors. They will probably link it to patriarchy 
I am !
FYI: I am still happy for a date on any other day too :)
Never planned to use any Chinese-company phones anyway
No? Not a good idea. Where I live we had so many issues with pets. Also where is the freedom to choose let someone with a dog rent or not to rent my flat? 
Thanks :)
No, i thought of it i guess, late
Hehe:) 
Banking & Finance, Tennis & Swimming. Tech & YouTube, video & music production, archery &  home cooking! 
Also I like to fly drones, send and receive fanmail from artists, search internet for UFO news and play games on PS4/steam.
Hey thank you! How kind of you :)
I wish I could do that 
Haha!
Being an attack helicopter probably is fun... 
If any girl is looking for valentines day date, i am free tomorrow (today) in London! Lets have a coffee!
INSTAMEMES
Hm.... just because it is “from” Harry Potter, does not make me want more
Thanks!
Hmm good video for sure but I don’t like colourful stuff in every app. Dark mode is totally enough. 
NO FOOT ON TABLE on my watch
Welcome!!
Yes and No. 
really depends what you care.
I have eye problems, darker colours due to AMOLED+TrueTone really helps it + saves battery as pixels are off when displaying black. 

If you care about best camera, this isn’t the one. Pixel 2 for the win, but X and 8Plus have the best video quality (also 4k@60, 240@fullHD).

If you bought it for new design then that’s what you got, i bet it will be hard to go back to “non edge to edge” screen. 

1000 $ or £ is still a lot. And by no means the comparison of “OnePlus 5T is half the price so iPhone X should be twice better” is fair. This total nonsense. Incomparable things.

The only thing I regret with iPhone X is not having it tax-free’d, since I bought it in EU and could do it, did not manage my time to do so.

If you live in non-Apple Store country, yea - big remorse because of bad service of those countries, but otherwise it’s fine. X is the most fun I had learning to use it since....iPhone 5S
They just should put Feedback/Bug reporting app to iOS (and not only in betas) so people know where to complain. 
:( 
Thank you :)
Limbo anyone? haha
“Never” being late or always being on time.

Which I  say a lot, respectfully, with my track record of attendance at university, school or pretty much any events as proof. However, it does not mean much, really. Anyone can be trained to be on time or even earlier. 
 
Amazing work! 
General question - do lossless files like flac add any value to music sound spectrum when airplaying to HomePod? Or they are compressed and have kinda same sound as any other format like mp3 or aac? 
I am thinking to load up my iPhone with some flac music (by deadmau5) and just wanted to know if that gives any difference to homepod or even to any speaker over airplay. 

Thanks. 
:D
Tipping is not compulsory in London
HeliDog
:(
What does NSFW actually mean? Yes, not safe for work, but so what exactly is here unsafe  for "work?
Not like you should be browsing reddit in your workplace anyway
Cute
Apparently being traditional guy or having conservative opinions/views gets me downvotes all the time.  
Are all major subreddits dominated by user who have opposite views? 
I feel like some people think there are things that everyone must accept, if not - they call you bigot and racist.
Context matters. Catholic school. 
Such School may fire pretty much anyone for any reason. 

(I studied in similar school) 

I don’t accept propaganda of non-traditional sexual orientation but it is her life, she does not need my approval and i wish her happiness 
I don’t like it much. Always try models and always cons back to iphone
Ew samsung 
Thanks now i feel like shit and unwanted guy :(
Finally! The weed-express
Russians and back then Soviets are very poorly credited for the horror they experienced in WW2. Western allies take so much credit,  but really it was Russia who “won” against Hitler
Doom.????
This will make golf watchable !
Knack 2 BABYYYY
Maybe just wait until everyone gets? Why rush reviews?
It’s called Autumn. But nice reply otherwise 
A circle. With 12 months. Summer on top, winter in bottom
Imagine not eating a year. It would feel weird to eat any food
Oh thanks :)
Why? I dont know much about her. I am not into politics, more into real life and sharing what I see
wow. I am not Katie Hopkins
Despite ignorant (and I assume triggered leftist) down voters, I am not afraid to speak the truth. 
Please don’t ruin Britain. 
Thank you kind person
With Sadiq as mayor, not only people are losing quality of life but life itself. He fails to acknowledge radicalism of any kinds. Shields Radical Muslims as much as he can and attacks normal, British-born Muslims who are just like one of us and live their life normally like any other religion followers.
Political Correctness is a danger of freedom of people, liberty and speech.
Maybe he does not speak that kind of bark-ian ? Do dogs have different languages ?
That too :)
Where was the event! I wanna go there next time. Looks like nice venue 
iFunny  did it first :) they had one of the best updates logs I remember
Very similar. I was God at Bo2
Russians
Wrong. Just wrong. Sorry to break it to you and spoil the satisfaction. I don’t read daily mail (i made fun of it in first reply, didn’t notice?). 

I have my own opinion, not coming from memes and cancerous clickbait media outlets. Not everyone on internet is what you think they are. 
How narrow minded are you? Are you for real or just trolling me? What, you think you’ll find people here who are 100% on your side or 100% against you? What the fuck.  I understand the benefits of EU but also the drawbacks. You must be an ignorant one-sided person if you cannot accept that there are a lot of disadvantages of EU
If you did not see an evidence in my reply, you didn’t read it properly (or just decided to ignore, and you’re in denial). I suggest not being stubborn and so sticky to your “initial assessment”. Life would be very hard for someone who cannot understand other’s points and where are they coming from. 
I am not saying anything controversial. There are tons of people who can bring up so many better arguments against EU. This is not a true/false question and none of us is correct or knows the solution. Again, go re-evaluate your life and how you judge others who may disagree with you or have different opinions. 
Typical BBC propaganda 
Of course. It is called “diseconomies of scale”. 
EU. Not Europe. Big difference. Now go be happy that  old farts in Brussels are deciding your laws and whom you can trade with. Think about what you write. Seriously, this is nothing about memes. I am good at debating Evis. And I know my shit. Memes and Daily Fail aside, I think there is very little you can say that I would agree with in supporting “being part of EU”. 
How about “have contract with EU?” How about that? How about we negotiate what we want and what we can give in return rather than blindly following their decisions. Have a bit of dignity and respect of your country. It is not  wrong to be patriot and be sceptic of such huge governmental bodies as EU. I am afraid of it becoming something like Soviet Union. Or otherwise USE (United States of Europe) none of which is good for UK. 
I am not a fucking google to you. If you have any idea what EU does or wants, you wouldn’t object.  
Yes. 
Kiss
Definitely can do THISSSS
3:20
Vector
EU is a horrible authoritarian system. I am not for or against Brexit but I can understand why people want it.
Use True Tone ON. I have eye problems too and that function definitely helps
This is so good! decided to share :) 
[here's the original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Y8w2W1uy2A)
Knack is back babyyyyyy
Just play Wolfenstein game. You’ll see how London could have been under nazis
So you’re saying....
😒 calm down. I am experienced with shitposting too. 
Can’t wait to invest in this stock
Watch the damn podcasts. He mentioned several times he cannot read comments. Yes, he can’t handle it. Would you be able to handle thousands shitty replies? I bet you could not. 
wtf?
Or maybe this is conspiracy against them
Optical image stabilisation 
None of those 2 things even require internet  or insane connectivity. Rover that landed on mars had computational power thousand times less than your phone
Shot on iPhone ?
Screw NFL man. That’s not even football. Nothing to do with foot or ball
drill! haha
Elon Musk, so he can make a car review
THERE!? Wtf, go to school.
What does this has to do with Karma
That moment when he crouched! So cool
I am assuming they did not play Sea of thieves? Videos coming up, I am loving it
I agree
I think it is going to be extremely similar to S8, which is already good
Then?  than! 
People: Apple! Stop this battery shutdown prevention automatic slowdown thing you have been caught doing! Fix bugs! 
Apple: introducing...new Animoji
Trans people. Look up statistics. They are just vocal on Internet/YouTube. 
Because America hates when someone else tells then what to do? I donno, kinda ironic, when opposite is exactly what US does
I also want a cat for scale!
I dont know if this counts as conspiracy theory but aliens exist and visit and leave Earth regularly. My cousin’s grandfather was aviation general and worked in secret service with USSR ages ago, he said to open a letter after 50 years of his death about secrets but someone opened it earlier and we read a lot in it about UFOs, secret operations by Soviets and encounters 
My family tree is older than USA
I dont believe anything US says about Russia
I am confused why Apple ads on youtube have so little white people in it and men. Especially white men. I don't understand this. I am not saying all ads have to include all races but there is **clearly** a trend  to include as little white people as possible. Just go to their [Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/Apple/videos?disable_polymer=1)... their latest ad is 90% black and asian women. 
it is not
Actually legal. You buy ticket for the SEAT not per person. They can both sit on same seat!
Oh boy he does not sound well :(
Hmm maybe. Now I understand you :)
Doesn’t look funny to me
Have you actually seen his serious videos? Like the one he made yesterday and abbot happiness 
Clearly many people don’t. He reached 60 milllion subs, still gets millions of views. What is there to dislike him for? Nobody is perfect, he made mistakes in the past, so did every other youtuber
It wasn’t really entirely his fault. If you want to be unbiased here
I prefer choice than no choice
Ironic
Do I really deserve so many downvotes? Jesus Christ. They have talked about getting him on the show anyway. This is nothing controversial 
What does this mean?
Guys, can you invite Felix (pewdiepie) next time?
Gordon is great
No right winger here idiot. Since when Centre disappeared? No all conservatives are right wingers too. 
Hila looks cute af
But he became very popular this year. That’s an achievement
I do not defend Tories and certainly don't think they are doing perfect job but are you sure you are not looking only at "good side" of their manifesto and cherry picking? I can name so many things wrong with Corbyn's speeches and what he preaches. 
Communism never works, but we can benefit from the good things that Labour wants to do (the ones you mentioned) and somehow merge those with Conservative manifesto. I think that would be perfect mix if it is possible. 
You cannot put high taxes and insane regulations on businesses in London! That's what Socialists and Communists want. Redistribute wealth? f*** that. No personal freedom to do a lot of things and have choices in society (USSR in nutshell).

I see very little benefits from Labour's policies. 
My views are not one sided (left vs right) too. I think I am somewhere in the middle, believe in freedom of speech, personal choices and responsibilities and government should have some (limited) control.
Which again, goes against with Communist views.
 
Read their manifesto, comrade. And listen what Corbyn says and whom defends. 
Please contact me if you get the CoS and need a  graduate trainee. I am looking for Finance related job and can work for any salary to be honest
Will he also be with deadmau5? Or just himself?
Why NOT
Someone needs to do some Snowden-Like whistleblowing about UFOs. 
Not boring at all
What way? DA WEI
Sorry but I take conservative government over social-communist any day man. I came from USSR country and now enjoying London. No way I wanna see here to become what Labour wants
Wont be sitting on the Throne in the end for sure
Feels like these false alerts are gonna result in actual WW3
Coolest monkeys of the jungle
Just search “Deep Philosophical video” :)
Top result 
100%
same man
we need more whitleblowers 
This is so dirty and douche move
I am surprised this has not been done yet... this HAD to be done
Who the heck still plays this game :)
No. You should not
NOBODY CARES. Learn Celsius that 99% of the world uses
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT
Cool!
Who cares it was shit anyway
SSSSSSSSOYUZ NE RUSHIMIY
Exactly
I am sure people can make better graphs than this with more information about how OnePlus built their reputation and now failing to keep up. This is just to start a conversation. 
As oneplus fan, I loved 1 and 3T, but recently they are getting worse and worse. 
Haha love the replies!
There is: it is called “Trust us, we are Chinese company but we are the good guys and won’t sell your data for sure”
What a surprise. And you thought oneplus are the “good guys” of the industry? Never trust Chinese tech company not to sell your data
CLASSIC
What the heck? Did not they see what police did to her after she left?
Good old times
Random or intentional ?
keep
Wont your neck snap if you land on your head?
They will pop though. Mine got ruined after few hours. 
So you are saying water does not turn frogs gay?


But UFOs are true. It is not a conspiracy they exist
I am ok with all
Of this. 
Just get me girlfriend
+1 me
Happy Birthday Joel!
I don’t listen anything on soundcloud lately. They trashed it completely and few producers (like deadmau5) warned us years ago
You know, just act human...
“New face filters today. This is my favourite one so far. Good job, team. “
I was ok and laughing until he started throwing them. cmon man, why disrespect food?
When they record a dead man and make video about it. 
When they steal your memes
16-17...these are going to be not kids very soon. 
Pathetic. I blame the parents. This should have never passed through their minds
Specs are pathetic, even for 2017!
When you can’t find the lamb sauce and argue with Gordon. Big no-no
It’s not like that for everyone. I loved my ceremony. I dont know how US and others do it but UK does it nicely 
Where is fun in 12 h clock!? When you can have the satisfaction of seeing 23:59 and 00:00 
Sad
Yes
We do it too. Not British only ;)
British comedy is so subtle, elegant and brilliant 
My sex life in one pic
Thanks.  Will consider next time!
Ok, you are correct, my bad. (English isn’t my first language)
Investor advice: HOLD
It like beep when you get every time pilot (or the crew members)  activate to “fasten the seatbelt”. According to protocol it will beep every time plane experiences uncomfortable turbulence which was...every 5 seconds. Trust me it was not usual. I fly nearly every month. 
Was Justin Roiland there ? Or is friend with Joel?
Yea
G E N I U S 
Mom is so beautiful
Who have Already seen this on pewdiepie ?
Jesus F
How can I help you from UK? 
Where i can find girlfriends like this
i thought it was FPS Russia 
i thought it was FPS Russia 
they don't but android does
*genius 
Nothing is secure on android
Does Joel still have it?
You are welcome ;)
London is never disappointing no matter when you come
Second picture looks like he is gonna poop there
Why do you wanna do that in the first place? What’s wrong with her using iPhone? 
Except so many Asian tourists !
Hau5
Love the old accent
Make it affordable!! At least give student discounts
ID - ID (ID remix) 
He may, I don’t. 
Any lady from London, are you here? 
Never happened to me (played when came out, no updates)
Yea
I take slower phone with newer features and better security  any day
wrong angle. camera should be from belly
something.exe video... from quickscope simulator game lol
the heck
“Stable family units” 

Aha...sure. Lol 
You have girlfriend! Wow
Rich virgin
aww I wish Dodger gets better <3
Sort of
This episode is also known as "Angry Joe reaction to CoOptional podcast 200"

(but for real, I like his reviews and character, he just makes too much reaction stuff recently)
triggered 
This should have been done years ago! At least after Microsoft’s universal app system with Windows10 announcement 
Not a biggie. 99% Petitions in internet are meaningless and insignificant 
You hate iPhones? Well according to your points your hate is feelings based not factual. I use iPhone X, Galaxy S8 and Pixel 2. And guess which one is the most consistent one in terms of speed, reliability, updates and even battery (especially standby).

Yep, iPhone (X).

Hate what you want but be rational human being
Cirez D and Medasin too? hell yes :) 
Camelphat, Sasha's music is nice too
Wait there was GTA in Britian?
https://twitter.com/officialimicca/status/942786488634310656
Oh man have you seen your comment section? Spam bots everywhere 
Definitely slowed down on mine. Sometimes it wont work at all from wake-sleep
not gonna happen lol
Taxi 3
again, another person who cannot understand my point. 

I am not saying change your language, don't fuckin yell in a bus in your language, I don't know what are you saying and I don't wanna hear it anyway. Generally, being loud in public transport is disgusting behaviour, sign of being impolite and not having good parents who would tell you how to behave in public. 


U LAFF U LOSE
To a degree, I hate when in public places people start yelling and loudly speaking in foreign language. Even if it is language I understand, if you are in one country, then respect others who may not understand you.
but they generally do. Android is considered most open mobile OS and devs can't access camera hardware fully to operate at the best level? Everyone knows Snapchat, Instagram and other camera-using apps work the best with iPhones but it makes little sense. Yes, devs only work on handful models in case of iOS but if you can give root-like access with obvious privacy protocols, any app using camera should be as good as if you use camera app

I feel you. I also suck being single and sometimes can't deal with loneliness. I wish I could find a girlfriend, to be honest, any girlfriend. I don't have high bars or much "prerequisites" for my search, but still somehow cannot find anyone interested in me.
Of course, one of the best areas actually.
-Been living in London for 7 years
Here’s my question: why do you organise LGBT-only training and career events at universities ! What the heck is that for? I feel like straight people being left out. Not even joking, past 5 career fairs/events at my uni had 3 LGBT-only ones. And you are surprised why some   non-supporters think this is some propaganda?
Sell your G5, it is not really good and G6 is at very good deal now (or v30)
What do you think of deadmau5? 
Russia!
Wo wo calm with spoilers man
Happy Wheels
I still have my iPhone 4S on iOS 6 too! 
JUST HOW LIKE MY GRANDFATHER REMEMBERS IT
Very noice
Oh sorry. 
took me like 4 seconds to google :D
you mean [this one?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH-B1GBHa18)
 I wish the app had better pricing for students here in UK. I cant afford paid features :(
Feels like Hollywood is Shooting new movie
Sounds like those old Christmas lights sounds :) 
I am a Mac. Let’s Game, girl.
The ending!
haha, the jokes, the meta, the craziness, the fun :)
Plot twist : they actually use hoverboards

Jk!
Far Cry dlc ;)
50 shades of green
I loved it! I hope mau5 comes up with something fun, next level of podcasting
Russians love this style of dancing
USSR ANTHEM [intensifies] 
this is probably because you put shoes next to carpet! Your room is a mess
Uhm...no thanks
Yea actually this is what happened when someone found Heathrow airport plan how Her Majesty moves around London and gets through security. Whoever found it was questioned a lot and trust me MI6 does not sleep. For your own safety, don’t use any memory cards/USBs that you find
too good! TOO REAL
Correction: patents not “develops”
well shit happens.
good boyfriend
But does it provide PRIDE AND ACCOMPLISHMENT ?
Dildo
Says website is virus :(
Yes! Someone finally said it!
Man! You got the fucking photo and autograph - GTfO. Let him live . Wth
4K 120FPS  UFO footage? Naah
144p potato-cam video with shitty music? - 100% UFO PROOF LEGIT
Rich life 101
Dolphins also rape :(
So was this a real story with someone changing names?
Selfishness level: over9000
Americans generally think the world is only about America. 
MANDATORY tipping! This pisses me off! I wont tip if i dont want
It is great game with amazing detail
I dont get what happened
Option 1: Joel is involved
Option 2: Eric’s child took phone and tweeted
Option 3: Pocket-tweet 
Gold!
Straight into subreddit  “meanwhile in Russia”
:D
Screw him anyway (Erdogan obviously)
I could maybe but dont know how it works, it happened like ages ago how can I prove it to AMA mods?
Once we left  keys in our BMW. My dad wanted to break back small triangular window with a rock. We couldn’t! No matter how hard he tried. I think it could be also psychological: your car - it hurts to hurt it by yourself. So we asked a stranger to break a window in our car, it was one of the strangest things we did. A kid helped us, he smashed the window, got inside and opened the door. It hurt us so much to see a simple thing - window break.
Same in other countries especially when holiday period is considered a must-to-celebrate 
Not enough
cant wait to see this in another list  TOP 10 REASONS WHY ANDROID IS BETTER
He is one of my favourites in YouTube
Now just add wasted gta meme
Wow
Buy more lootboxes for a chance to win 5 min high speed level youtube
Are those real turntables ? Physical ones
Same!
Meh
Thanks 🙂
There are so many...google it. And no, I don’t count Kim at all. 
Oh thanks! That’s clever
Thanks. 
I have no accessibility shortcut but I also use Apple Pay every day I cannot turn it off.
One of the greatest Armenians ever lived
What about Plus models lol
NOT
Kitchen nightmares. 
For smartwatches: it is either Apple Watch or nothing. 
GOTY
Less contrast is not good and this looks way more like Apple Maps
Looks better than not broken :D
Mau5 and Eric coming as well! As Eric and as Cirez D 😃
Triple happy.
Love ya boogie
DJ Fidget Lizard
Downvotes for what lol? Disagreeing with traditionalists view? Jesus Christ you guys are sensitive af. What next? Marrying animals? Plants? Removing genders? Progressive ocean will drown you all if you swim too deep.
When will you finally learn using correct dating system? Still waiting for logic to immigrate to USA.
Would happily vote no if I was Australian. 
No
MKNHD fan? Nice wallpaper
I love it. Deal with it
Aww bitch.... this is good
Too late
You mean banks/financial crime?
Teaser version 1 (from Cirez D) is one of the best sounds I have heard in my life
In terms of number of interments/stems used that creates like a composition by an orchestra, here are some examples:

Somewhere Up Here

Message from Nowhere

There Might Be Coffee



Simple ones but very audiophile-ic are from his BSOD works:

BSOD - Game Over

Or

Edit Your Friends

Lai


P.S. I am junior pianist with 15 y of music education (old-school, not conservatory though)


EDIT: there are so many good ones! Hard to pick 
Most popular crime in London now :(
Never had this bug...no idea why it has blown up so much...
I agree.
Well that was gay AF
Thanks ;)
Trust me, this is not USA, responding to bullshit is not offending :)
With extra side of bacon
1:05 freaky AF. I like this ad but a lot of things are useless points, other phones can do like 90% of it
These AMAs are becoming more and more silly!

What’s next? “I play mayonnaise as an instrument AMA!” ???
Hell yes, BIG win for Apple! 

We never heard anything remotely close since iPhone 4 retina screen. 

Although I still enjoy S8/Note8 screen :)
But. I have been using it right after 7....it is major difference and feels sharper. Visibility on DIRECT sunlight is very good !
But does it have F I S H  A I
Error?
What the heck is Sadiq doing?!
ROASTED! haha hahaha
Hehe ;)
H3h3 should collab with his brand 

Teddy Fresh x Suprem 
“They were working on this for years”...right...just happen to be right after first iOS came
Yea
EBay deals :)
Don’t need it. Galaxy S8 dropped to £410 few days ago and I took that. 
Bamboozled 
Fuck off, no offence. 
Well said. Although pretty much everyone said Apple's LCD on previous phones were the best LCD there has ever been, so I don't think switching to OLED was "being late to the party". They just wanted to make it right. You are correct, Apple is not the first, but what they do well is market it well, perfect it until someone else takes the challenges and surpases (Siri -> Google Assistant).

The charge on X (so far) has been very good. I think OLED is helping to preserve battery. Also, you gotta admit - Apple's iPhones are the most re-sellable phones at high prices than ANY other phone out there.
There is always a market for it and I think you won't lose much of an investment if you sell to upgrade. Heck, even to day new iPhone 6S (2015 model) sells for MORE than Galaxy S8! I am serious! I found a deal a while ago 430 pounds for new S8 and iPhone 6S is 460 pounds. Crazy. 
look at the reply above. 
Yea I agree with you. We over in Europe and UK getting Royally screwed as Apple charges dollar=pound price. $1000 there, £1000 here (which us not same at all). But I like the phone (currently using X and S8), what can I do? Screen is awesome, Face ID works great for me and I waited for this phone enough (gathered enough money too). 

Of course we all want cheaper stuff, and I donno why exactly this phone costs so much. 

Mainstream Media is not Pro-Apple that much, mostly pro-Apple performance and stock price hype (they always do well with releases with exception of iPhone 8). 

But I gotta say, S8 got really good hype too, tons of coverage. Pixel (Google) made mistake with timing of release and issues of course, although has the best photo camera on any smartphone ever. 

-Apple fan
Sad.
No I do not. Suck it up Android fanboys. Note 8, S8 and Pixel 2 all got praise and last year reviews bashed iPhone 7 too. This year most of them said “skip 8”. And you say this is Pro-Apple world we live? No of course not. Media likes iPhone X because shit changed at least.
LA drivers man...
Ok :)
My favorite moment from [coffee run](https://youtu.be/EFEOw9SjjU4?t=5m2s)
Aka "The City"or "The City of London"
#ProbablyinCanada
So sickh!
BREATHING INTENSIFIES 
Less bears and cold though 
Good to know you understand it. :) 
Thanks for sharing
I did not know you had cancer. Sorry. 
And thanks for reply.
You need to be in a jail. Filthy criminal. Boasting about your "job", I don't care how bad your life is/was, you work hard and get paid like any other normal being. You don't deserve to be on this AMA at all. Disgusting. 
You need to be in a jail. Filthy criminal. Boasting about your "job", I don't care how bad your life is/was, you work hard and get paid like any other normal being. You don't deserve to be on this AMA at all. Disgusting. 
no, of course not. lol 
No thanks
Yes lol why not. They sell GUNS in supermarkets in US
There is nothing special about it. You can rephrase it as: why Kim Kardashian is so popular?
Yes you can argue against it... there is no perfect phone. 
Pink Floyd album cover #536
I know that :) thanks
Am I the only one who does not like it? I don't want it to appear on my screen every time,  would've been nice to have an option to turn it off
Looks like Chinese pottery 
Link is not working
Where?
Lecturers and their delivery of classes. Most of the times I fail a module just because the lecturer is really boring and difficult to understand. Most of the students are afraid to speak anything against the lectures, and work way too much and sometimes even not turning up on classes. ￼
Fuckoffmate will ya?
Make titles correct! FOOTBALL FFS
Notification overlapping with torch is stupid :(
Vape nation will be sad
Most likely you do. (Because it is a software issue) 
Watch mkbhd's review. Also microphone isn't good either. The only good thing about it is the phone camera
Apple Watch :)
Overpriced services
Its UFO 100%
With lights? 
Should have not bought it I think. Phone isn't out yet but so many articles and people complaining
what is what?
Which I still cannot buy in Europe....great job guys :rolleyes:
And you still CANT BUY IT IN EUROPE! 

What were they thinking!
In England? Because there are so many here
Glasses :) different 
wtf was that lol
This is actually really good drink... 
Better Bernie Sanders  than Bernie himself 
Perfect escort location - transit zone
Cuphead with MP would have been great
You cooked perfect sized pasta!  Give yourself a pat in the back, sure. YOU DID GOOD. WHO'S A GOOD BOY? You are a good boy. I am clapping to you sarcastically. 
"Perfect size paste first time" - what a joke, get outta here. This is unreal, what an AMA waste. Not sure if you were trolling or serious with this AMA but I am disappointed that you got selected. What the world has turned into...

Go outside and do something useful and when you really do something worthwhile for AMA, come back. 




Edit: added extra words
It does not matter that they filed it in 2015...or that "they did not implement this in WW2". The fact that their business model now embeds that ideology of money making, makes me not support them at all, not even buying WW2. I'll watch campaign lets play and fиск the multiplayer
Boycott them
Since when AMA hit this low? I literally submitted few interesting requests (with proofs) and THIS what git through ?
I want too but be careful. Microsoft measures standby/work time completely differently. 
5 years ? Jesus...how did you hold sane all these years?
Not Monument Valley, because .They have a deal with Apple and I have direct contact with their team. 
I agree. Especially on iPad Mini. Very bad very buggy
Pewdiepie ?
haha :)

yes I do remember, it was good!
also, I am not a fan, hence not in a fanbase ;) 


Ask him "Are traps gay" and see how he overreacts and is sensitive to memes ... 
My life so far sums up in those 4 words 
Oh i see, thanks
I disagree
Then they better lower prices
timestamps anyone?
You did not play enough then
No it is not safe and I explained you already why you make no sense. I am not gonna repeat it again. You are in denial and I cannot help you anymore. That is my position and I stand by it. I do not identify as anti-LGBT nor pro-LGBT
He should see this! Lets tweet to him :)
Except the awesome tower is closed for refurbishment
Also I would like to comment on down votes of my original comment, simple I don't give a fuck guys and girls. A negative number next to my post does not automatically make it wrong
By your logic if someone does not support something, they are against it? What the fuck is that logic? Flawed as fuck. You CAN have neutral stand  on things. And I am not someone who follows masses like a sheep. I have dignity and respect to my culture. But you are probably American who does not understand concepts of religion, culture and tradition 
No
I was being sarcastic. Living life when a lot of people hate you (or just don't accept or like being around you) is not what I would encourage or support. Nor I  am obligated to. (Also there is no law for forcing me to support or even accept gay lifestyle as normal. It will directly contradict with my religious, cultural and traditional values, so you can fuck off with possible "bigot" or "homophobic" comments. And no I am not anti-LGBT and want people killed,stoned or bad shit towards gays, I am ok if you live your life how you please within the law, I am not OK to be targeted as someone who does not support it. Just bare this in mind next time you call someone homophobic without understanding where they might come from. You don't have to agree with me, and that's ok.)
And now he releases stupid video about Trump. Wow...
Good luck in life...
Ricegone
Ricedone
Welcome to rice fields modafaka

9.9 wow
How is this spoiler ?
GameStop is a scam, man.
Basicallly my sister at every wedding. Better than most goalkeepers 🙂
[basically I guessed it before the show lol](https://twitter.com/officialimicca/status/917127810224934912)
Humpday
How to die....
Losers
Chocohead :)
Pretty sad. I have so many relatives planning to move to cities in next 1-2 years :(
Feels like soon nobody will be left in rural areas
Really unsure if this is AMA worthy...
Says who? No they wont. If you ever been to London you would know that NOTHING stops people from enjoying museums 
Been there today (instagram @officialimicca) 
It was blown out of proportion. A car hit another 2 car and I was sitting about 100 meters away. People screamed but essentially 2-3 "injured" because of fear, stampede and running/escaping. Car did not hit  another person from what I saw. It was literally got stuck between 2 other parked ones. Most people escaped very quickly from the scene
Turns too much. Cant appreciate the beauty of the screen
Post Malone
actually I posted this [yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/PewdiepieSubmissions/comments/743fnz/top_10_anime_crossovers/)... before you did. 
damn.... so is it made using food?
haha true that :D
haha true that :D
Hey, that's Pretty good
For those who are wondering: this is not a “3D or 4D hologram”. This is  2D. Clever trick here is the spinning frequency and lights. That’s it. I had similar fan from Disneyland that showed time and span. It is not new but this one is very well made
Video not available 
lol
it is back now :D 
reupload is [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unBT-C4q6Oc)
thanks;)
video is deleted so here is the [reupload](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unBT-C4q6Oc)
Better be ignorant than stupid who can’t accept truth 
This is a perfect (sadly unfortunate) situation to let kids and everyone know how important is to know how to do basic life-saving things in these situations 
Haha!
Thanks
Which subreddt? I would love to meet someone from h3h3 or dank memes 
You “can”... via jailbreak 😅
Facts state otherwise 
How about...iPhone X vs GTA 5 TRAIN????? 
*[circles and arrows on thumbnail intensifies]*
How did I do it: unlocked with touch iD on my SE and quickly swiped left on home screen.
What happens when you touch icons: all apps work (open up). 
How long does it stay: as long as you don’t open app or swipe to other screens.
Can you customise it?: I wish. 
Americans need to learn manners and ethics from Europeans
All hail iPhone x
Hey girl, are you Obelisk? 

Cos That THICC butt can’t be Asterisk. 
that's pretty new song though
> Owl City - Fireflies

seriously man?... out of ALL electronic music masterpieces ... THAT got you interested ?
[creativity: over9000](https://media.giphy.com/media/qmfpjpAT2fJRK/giphy.gif)
Thanks! You too
I suggest you listen to all of album. Wont regret I promise :)
Around the World, Harder Better Faster Stronger ... anything. You name it. Most of Daft Punk stuff is brilliant
Ah for fck sake! Deadmau5 is pronounced dead-mouse
Eric Prydz - Pjanoo

deadmau5 - my opinion

Paul Van Dyk - For an angel

VengaBoys - we like to party

Axwell - in the Air

Tiesto - Elements of Life & Traffic


And few others. 

Hey! I am on Tier 4 extension too. I got 4 years on Bachelors and now doing Masters 12 months. Totalling 5 years and few extra months. Granted: I am doing masters in the SAME University as Bachelors, so I am not 100% sure here BUT before accepting you to Masters the University must have checked your previous periods of study, hence if they accepted you - you are fine. 
It is not unusual to over-study in UK on Tier 4, just make sure Uni checks it. 
"Here is some music, this is a video, there you go, music video"

-this was brilliant. And I think he is totally right about fan-made music videos. They are usually more creative and fun to watch (even though some crazy ones appear here and there with dank memes).
This is Regent street
Costs 2$ on ebay from China
ENHANCE
Drift +100
What an argument ! How clever. Football and hands.. totally logical. Google “handball”, then you’ll see why it is called handball, and football is called football. 
Where was America when football started to exist? Hm...lemme think...America didn’t exist back then! Ups. Just because you call it football, it does not make it football. 
This meme NEEDS to dje
How is *this* called “football” again? And why...
 Top 10 awesome stage moments 
Why take one when you can take all
 Non-traditional sexuality
Who uses this dashboard anyway? I just have “all apps” folder and thats it
Thanks
I guess 🙂
Thanks! But would not it still consume battery?
When I turn off Wifi in control centre I expect it to be *off*, completely.
Sadiq the Commie. 
I can confirm 3D touch lag still exist and so does camera launch bugs
*Plays GTA San Andreas theme*
Ah :)
Why does this AMA exist ? Funny I understand, but still. 
That 4 is in a Pristine condition! 
I have 4S, 5, 6s, 7 , 8 and SE in my collection
Golf
THANK YOU:)
Thanks!
???
Thanks :) 
Thank you again !
To be honest i don’t know which services to use from. Couldn’t find any ratings or trusted escort websites operating in London. 
Thank you so much for the answer!
Yep worked!
Oh.. lemme check!
Thanks
haahah that was pretty funny! but still good AI :) I have seen worse
Thanks!
Sure that’s why I like that too 
Agreed! I have played it many times 
Played it :) 
Any advice on how to handle my shyness? I always wanted to experience being a client but some factors like safety, where to meet, hygiene and shyness always kept me reconsidering
Thanks!
Thanks for suggestion:)
Please read the description
Brilliant
Get roasted vegans!
Am I? Hehe
Small country :)
Awesome
Armenia (my country) checks it. Unfortunately crime of stealing them was so high that airport was forced to check every bag with tag.
I am not even mad.
Black guy got roasted 
Oh ok sorry. 
Lol
:)
nop. why?
there were so many re-sellers, "Edgware road people", foreigners and Americans! 
I am able. fully functional, awesome camera.
haha. what a comment :D
yep :) that's how order works :P
Hey! I had similar issue. Don't use "quick start" it prompts at the beginning. just use manual. it does not work yet.
i tried same with my iPhone SE on iOS11, did not work.
Try different wifi, make DFU restart, should help, otherwise you are allowed to exchange/refund.
you *clearly* then never  replied on Android posts...or engaged in fiery conversations. 
FEELS GOOD MAN.
I hate Android fanboys who do the same, our turn now.
Why not? Also Editing speeds can accurately compare one processor with another. It is pretty fair comparison
oh man... many people.
A LOT actually. Especially if you edit videos.
Was this expected? I kinda think yes, but still feels good to rub it in Android's face :)
Hard. Plus has awesome studio mode!
No :) queued for 20 min
Should have stated “store pickup”. It is the fastest
Thanks !
Thank you :)
Or perhaps “very small queue” is correct wording. 
Yes he DOES*. 
Stop being illiterate
Someone how has just got 8, you are doing yourself a favour if you get 7. 
The emoji movie
U kidding? One of the funnest animations!
But he is way more wealthy. Has wealthy friends too. Wink wink tiesto winkwink
iOS 7 was a horrible update for someone who used since iPhone OS 1 (2). I hated it. 
Who cares at this point 
Rekt
Weird...
I dont “police” reddit. Wtf is wrong with you
Ugly, no ?
Eyyy Russians <3
Pretty clever
Fake, line is thicker and i can notice when it meets real line. It is over-drawn. Could be a pencil
Oh i see
REACT TO: DEMONETISED
REACT TO: DEMONETISED
And what Sadiq Khan does? Ah yes, polices internet for mean tweets 
Why women names?
No need for red circle and arrow. This isn't cancerous youtube thumbnail 
Football ffs!
buy iPhone 8 or X
Finally, a person with a brain in a comments! :)
Hahahaha nice one. 
GMO, additives, less healthy regulations...you name it! Ask any European who comes to US and tastes food. Most of my friends who visit US say that "everything is sweeter and lacks flavour". Google search and look how many articles are there.
Like other counties dont make it? Lol. Brazilian. Argentinian and Turkish BBQ tops your cute "grill BBQ" 
That's different. Your food overall tastes bad because of different food regulations (for example compared to EU)
USA sucks at food
Dont
Oooh :)
Aint mad!
Dead mouse 😄
Russians are awesome actually 
yes
Thank you dear
I don't agree with Keem on many things but he was right there with hypocrisy of saying n word. And to people who say context matters - context also mattered  when PewDiePie said it!
Where is it?
thanks !!! 
A girl approached, bargained for it, we agreed on 100 quid.
She went up to the "massage room", then came down by saying "you need to pay half now and half after", so I paid 50, she went up, never returned. 
Face ID is supposed to better and years ahead of competition. You don't know it yet so don't judge before trying it or watching reviews.
> wireless charging, fast charging, all those have been implemented on Android not to mention

So what? yes, Apple is catching up, they HAD fast charging if you used ipad charger and they couldn't put wireless charging in a METAL BODY, goddamit! They should have changed the design before to glassback but it is what it is.

I know you have to buy fast charger separate which is bad.
how it is old tech? explain yourself
I never liked those dirty boxes anyway. Although have seen cards there many times. Anyways, looks like I found few websites. 
? what? I am 23. What are you talking about? I am not allowed to ask that question here?
i got ripped off once there haha
and where did PRY go ? :D 
Thanks :)
Maybe because Ethan has changed? He started talking too much about political issues and not everyone can get over those things. 
What the hell is a rape drug...
Yes you are right. Especially if you ever go to any android subreddit. I got down voted for everything i posted, even when giving raw facts. 

iPhone and Apple subreddits are considerably calmer. 
Are there any though? Is there a legal way to find prostitutes ?
Americans : ew "military time.
Rest of the World: get used to it
One of the best DLCs ever made. Even tutorial is meta
I always wondered what his "Cirez D" alias meant :)
Steve Looked like Ben Shapiro in 1985
I am being fucking downvoted by fanboys with no brain cells. who cannot take other opinions, cannot comprehend opposing arguments or thoughts. 
**Not everyone who buys Apple products is a fanboy with flawed logic.**.

No, nobody would buy a plate of shit. Apple knows how to make things presentable, marketable, have WOW-factor. That's the Apple magic. BUT - you can also have people who CHOOSE Apple, just as an option. freedom to choose, For fuck sake! 

:( yea, but to be fair - I have seen nothing like this in Apple communities, forums or subreddits. I have seen shitposting, fanboy autistic screeching and trolling in Apple or iPhone related posts and those get rarely downvoted. But Android community is so toxic towards Apple users. 
"The X is hideous though." 
**It does not look hideous to ME.** And you'll see how successful will the sales be.
Deal with it.
Let me like what I want to like.
An Apple story in Android subreddit and look....no hostility in comments! Rare
I want to hear the next one too!
A British man...
What Geez? Am I only allowed to like Android phones? What this is discrimination? I joined this subreddit to discuss and give opinions, as someone who uses both OS and all I see is hostility and stupid anti-Apple comments.
We'll see about that. It is not all about spec sheet. That's why people do speed test and comparison videos in the first place

EDIT: I guarantee on everyday tasks iPhone X will beat S8. It will be faster at opening apps and better at memory. X will be better at face recognition. I don't care frequency of a chip, i care about real world usage. Android nerds keep forgetting this. 
Oh
to me iPhone devices look great. Learn difference between objective and subjective opinions
Truth: if it is not iPhone - in-app cameras will suck. Every single YouTuber said this too. Even hardcore Android fanboys
"Face id sucks" says someone who has never used it.  It worked at the event read press release! (People used it before and it did not recognise after failed attempts so blocked with passcode)
Forget about iphone 8, X is real competitor.
Stop being such a whiny hater about a product that hasn't even been released 
And? I am asking to subsequently increase trade in values because same nand was put in my older ipad. So Apple can get some materials back from more Apple devices
Can't compete how exactly? They will soon have 6core insanely fast chips, 4K@60fps , wireless & fast charging and better selfies. What is your argument? What part of new iPhones is not compete-able? (provided you said you don't care about money)
Yes
sorry to disappoint  but in a business world it doesn't matter how big is your market, how much you make matters. 
And apple makes the most money.
Except it did not
 free delivery though :)
Russia!
Death penalty should be back for this
Trainception
Good art!
Yes they do. Most of top comments are pretty accurate and I agree with them.
I do like h3h3's videos, usually agree with both Ethan and Hila on most things on podcast, but the comment section on H3 Podcast and like/dislike ration says that I am not alone with this opinion. 
Ethan completely ignored the motive of the word, situation and the victim of that slur.
thanks!
Oh I see, thanks!
Gross
So what? Since when saying "cute" to any girl is scary or not allowed?
And no headphone jack
Who else expecting him to share some?
Thanks for listening :)
Bye
:facepalm:
This is amazing for me. Such a good composition of notes. Simple and effective (being pianist myself). Decided to share with you after hearing in Lane 8 - Summer mixtape intro.
Cute girl
Maybe you should not tell me what I should buy ?
Is this supposed to be funny? 
I agree, but you will be surprised how good they can get. Spigen for example 
Except: it is still expensive in Europe, it is bigger and harder to grip than LG G6 and OS updates are very very slow
What's wrong with cheap case!? I like changing them anyway, getting bored easily. 
Except...you know...house cats don't eat you
To kill a virus...you BECOME A VIRUS
Thanks!
How expensive was this process? Can your job afford it or you found other ways to collect?
I know :) 
Actually I always wondered why would former British colony use dollars? I mean America OK, but why Australia too? Why not Australian Pound or your own name?
Standard issue scissors from my country when I was in school. Nothing unique :) 

Popular in USSR counties
Untrue. I dont even post most of my "kind actions" anyway
Meme'd
Too expensive :( I'll just buy 5$ case off ebay
Because most people are stupid and make mistakes
Meh. Weak joke :)
I am actually interested how would some women use it who cover their face? Can it just scan eye and that's it??

I have a feeling Putin won't like it. This will damage us
IPhone SE makes sense :) trust me don't bother with iPod touches 
Pissing
Usually these videos are legit. I have seen others too. Just youtube search ufo documentary/interview.  In one of them an old guy says "I am not afraid to say what I will say now, I am old, I have lived my life long enough anyway" and proceeds in telling about government coverup of his ufo encounter. 
not funny
for?
I was looking for other solutions. If you do not express BS like 999$=£999 Apple will abuse it. Be vocal and tell them, mostly they will pass to senior staff. Maybe it will make a change.
But I do not want to. They used "reserve pick up" system for years now! I am ok with waking up at 5 and checking stock.
I am entitled when I am business customer. "this is ridiculous" is not a hostility. it is a frustration & emotional response, I did not attack her personally. 
Haha really? "this is ridiculous" is a bad attitude? dude.... grow up.

You clearly have no idea how sales work. You gotta deal with customers like me or worse, otherwise you lose them. 
I am sorry but she made me wait 30 min and kept diverting from my original question in the beginning. And this is not even harsh for me. I am a business customer and I chose to be for a reason. 
Windy!
Cheating in exam. Nearly cost me £50,000
Fair. I still think iPhones are top of the specs with performance & cameras for about a year after they are out.
Not sure how you justify overpriced when S8 is essentially priced same as iphone 7
I love random shit like this! 
Why did you switch,  may I ask? Especially on such a big day for Apple today
Yeah you don't say. Apple thinks $999 = £999 in UK. Ripoff
So what? IPhone 2G failed too but here we are
What if....this is in Britain?
Last one did not happen
Better than in game
Step up movie in real life?
1) did you even fucking watch the video? Until. The. End?
2) if yo say celebs have right to their opinions, then so do we, and we have a right to criticise as well.
3) my point was that celebrity like JL should have not spoken in such idiotic manner like "we voted, and now Mother Nature is raging, showing wrath" i am sorry but what the actual fuck?
4) you either missed my point or a complete SJW idiot. I hope you are not the latter.
You probably then did not watch his recent stuff, where he is not playing a character. Should have had enough experience with his channel before throwing up nonsense in comments. 
Dumb? I think you misunderstood the video. Obviously he approaches with sarcasm but the idea is clear: celebrities should stay out of the politics because most of them stir shit up, are paid by some agenda-driven companies or governments or simply speaking whatever the fuck they think is right, without realising they have no expertise nor moral reason to attach political issues with their public character. And here you are saying he is so dumb. I am sorry, dear 12 year old, the dumb ones are those cannot see the truth in this shitty world we live in, especially TV world.
Nicely noticed but i think this requirement is general :) not particular for the next instalment 
No problem :) I might have wrote it unclear but no way I think every single Turk is responsible of those. As I said, I have good Turk friends 
People WHO are responsible. You jumped into conclusions without reading right.
I will amend so it is clearer
Welcome ;)
1st of all, I am peacefully responding

2nd, it is not nonesense, if you cannot accept truth, I pity you. 

I agree, we dont have to be enemies but your "peaceful thread" won't magically and instantly solve our problems. 
I have Turkish friends here in London, most of them are good people. 
Most decent people don't. Our countries used to be the best in trade and merchants in region. Say that to your stupid totalitarian government and dictator who watches own people beat others in foreign soil. You know, karma exists. One day those people who are responsible for horrible racist, anti other religion and anti-humanitarian things will pay for it. 
EDIT: to avoid confusion or misunderstanding
Nothing special. We have similar table in dining room
Classic! Such a good vibe
Not safe for work? BS
Is your name Felix or Jake?
They throw tea into the sea
360 trickshot montage MLG
SJWs got their TRIGGERED hands on the game. Look at the fucking menus and changes they made 
Racist. Because you are white doesn't mean it's easy. I get the point of sarcasm or edgy humour but this political correctness jokes are stupid
This man is awesome
Joel knows how to make headlines on "EDM blogs". This story was on front pages after Ultra
It is 😉
I wish I knew this answer too
Yea, I guess
V30
Was camera- RED WEAPON?
Yea me too! Most exciting naming since ...3GS
Might be, this could be a codename
Yes. 
No idea...but that's what I saw. Could be re-branding or SE 2 or just error
24 hour formats would be much better for server times. Do you realise that most countries don't use AM/PM?
75 is good. I have played several matches when time run out before even 80-90
I wish I had a proof or a photo or something. I might try voice recording on my phone and asking same thing. Or maybe you guys can try too? 

Ask for a specialist, say I want to trade in my current iPhone and set up iPhone upgrade programme. They will check your current iPhone then give you their iPad to fill in details. You'll see a tab "select iPhone" and click on it. Scroll down - iPhone 8 and Edition on that list. 

-London Apple Store, UK

EDIT: It might be an error in their system, not denying that. 
Fanboys saw a reply involving Apple and down-voted. How mature. 
iOS fixed it recently with iOS11
Clever
And so is my will to play CoD WW2 again, sadly
It is a football game! Stop.
What? It is interchangeable. Soccer is still a word in British English, any English. But use football in context. 
Because that's the *right* term
Football please
Decided to share this amazing tune after watching E3 and then forgot! (Song was from e3 game trailer)
Instrumental version is amazing too! 
I call this bullshit. 
not a fanboy. (or fanboi), I use Android too and just prefer Apple more
Great. I am on your side  :) 
I see..
> This is not exclusive to apple at all.


When or Where did I say it was exclusive. I meant it is easier than for any other manufacturer. You may find Samsung stores but trust me, I have been there and experienced their customer service - it is nothing like Apple.
America vs Canada
80% Fox

20% Ookay


Where do you take these? Do you need to go somewhere specific? My sky is never like this where I live
The best ones from Eminem or Snoop Dogg 
You probably live in a civilised country or state or attended good school. Because a lot comes from culture and people's discipline. From where I am from, we NEVER had food-fights anywhere. It is stupid anyway. Why waste food?
Was this the company that Casey Neistat was advertising?
Funny you say about dragging apps (you can drag multiple in iOS11). When I had Note 4, I used S pen features very rarely. Although I agree that androids have better multitasking options, and had wireless charging before, Apple has bigger and stronger WOW factor. They know how to make you go and buy one, turn your existing iPhone into crap. Just wait for iPhone 8 and tell me you don't like it.
Most People don't care about features, they care about simplicity, so when something does not work or they need to know how - they pop in into Apple Store. With Android you gotta do everything on your own. Be your own customer service.
Apple gives better service, faster updates, quick and un-fragmented OS. 
I do like android features but you gotta choose for your own. So Apple are the kings on few criterias, not absolute kings of smartphones. 
That's not the only benefit you get when buying iPhone, you know that, right? I do not choose iPhone for slightly faster app opening, I do for many other reasons, there is no  choosing "the wrong phone", it is preference. I agree with you regarding extra features but I simply don't need them. Hence, simplicity over feature-packing is for me
Still not better than ip7 although wins pricewise 
Weird 
Not close though 
I do also watch internet. It is my favourite TV channel
Thanks for info. Would love to see with my eyes
Brazil 1st edit is so good too. I like as much as second but first is good
Hell yes!
Does it Actually make a difference? HDR vs non HDR?
Being gay
So you cannot criticise Islam? Looks like recently the term "Islamophobic" is being  used  incorrectly more and more.
Is this new? Just released? 
These two combine their music so well! I knew Prydz before deadmau5 and always loved his amazing style. 
Eric's melody and Joel's engineering work majestically together 
Even has Fish AI! Suck it, cod ghosts :D
Sky is Photoshopped 
That tagline is so relevant especially with flooding in Texas
I posted the idea originally but I guess its ok
no problem :) 
then you good! :D
Hi! I think a lot depends on your Visa type. For example if you are on Tier 4, sometimes short term visas can be arranged within days, but you need to exit and enter UK before it expires and then re-enter using your main Visa. Since you say you already have an extension until October I think that should be fine. The only reason it should not be fine if your  Visa is curtailed (stopped). 
With These upgrades you never stood a chance
Nice.
There is a good reason why parades exist. I suggest you read up on it before trying to be the smartass here
Yes, we (Armenia) and Georgia have very strong feelings on what family is, what kind of values a man and a woman should have. There is nothing wrong in having different culture. At least we are not stoning anyone or discriminate say, in workplace. It is one thing to support homosexuality, another to accept it exists but keep away from our society norms and traditions. I Am Armenian and have no problem with homosexuals but it is just me, I have lived in UK more than 7 years. 
Jump - shooting is another reason. 
People still have exo-instincts and jump a lot, making harder to shoot. 
Rio. I liked the original more (the 1 min teaser)
M.O.L = Matter of Law - EP
US wish to have such disciplined army and amazing parades. I have seen same parades in Russia too. Never stop impressing me
No
No tubes though 
Ugly. Sorry
Stupid idiot. You must equalise weight 
It is baiting...
Still awesome
oooh
Why is it "not safe for work"? I dont get what qualifies as such
Hmm...so this all is fake?
https://www.lordtitles.co.uk/products/couples-lord-lady-title-pack
Thanks
Whenever I read DJ Mag, I read "a popularity contest". Which "dj" begged for most votes this time around
American logic: Russians are bad, Europeans always need help. 
Skin it. Dbrand. Worth it
This "fall", cmon Armradio, if you are writing in English for international medias and people, write in *English*.
Drone or weather aircraft thingy.
How do they make money? Selling perks and guns?
Do you like Joel (deadmau5) music? Have you ever though of working with him?
WW3 is here
At least we would have had
a chance to listen  :(
ow :(
If only all refugees were as good as this person
ok thanks :) We don't say freeway in UK nor in Australia or Canada.
What is A freeway? Never heard it anywhere (assuming this is in US)
Whole America needs it
 I have waited so long for this and last frame ruined it
Did not know that. I was about remixes specifically
I really like FLUME but I need to be honest and say: he is milking his style. Every remix has same style, different notes.
You came to the wrong neighbourhood madafaka 
Just wait for iPhone 8 (X or whatever) ... 
How dare you
How soon is this?
Oh..*that* "football "
Good. Worth it
at least you have one :(
Lol
Are you sure?
Better than 90% of people I see everyday
I have an urge to open them
Does anyone use that? It was proven many times to consume more energy than you manually changing brightness accordingly
Oh my! I am in love
Matters in own hand... i am guessing he does that too
Density  rho. Different objects at different densities
Pretty good explanation :)
Can they be drones?
Hi Thor! Amazing idea, very inspiring. If you come to Armenia - let me know :) 
Also, let me tell you about few problems you might encounter. 
If you visit Armenia - You also can make a visa to visit awesome Nagorno Karabakh (Artsakh). But you cannot visit Azerbaijan anymore unless you have a new/another passport and hope for their border control does not have your name in the system.
Otherwise - wish you luck!
He got WIPED
Imagine if Joel painted all white plates with a mouse artwork...
"Uhm, waiter! 
There is a dead mouse in my food!"

We never know how Apple would use those two sides until we see it. Maybe this is the way?
3 options:  Chinese phones, new middle range phones or 1-2 y.o. Flagships. 

Recommend: Nokia 5,6. OnePlus 3, Samsung J or A series.
Nothing I can add from HTC or Sony, sorry
No. I disagree.brexit or not - UK citizenship is very high in the list of "best citizenships to hold". 
Very good. Beat the crap out of it
Ok
I did not honestly know that.(the latter) 
In photography there are grounds:
Background

Middle ground

Foreground 


You can clearly see background is blurred and focus is on foreground , hence my intention to put emphasis on home button. 

That's it
Then you did not even look at the photo for a second
Yes I did, because the snowball effect of the sheep and masses is to downvote already downvoted comments without reading it. 
I am Not a nazi, how many times do I have to tell you? Are you even listing to me? 
I was being sarcastic. I am not a nazi, cmon man be real for a moment. Can we have a real fucking conversation and no trolling bs? 
I was asking a question...ASKING A QUESTION DOES NOT MAKE ME A NAZI! If I am wrong I'll admit it. Tell me where was I wrong? Read my other replies for context.
Quite the opposite. I am nowhere near nazi. Tell me about what made me a nazi, you idiot? All I said was - how can you not expect horror like this happen when you don't want to protect your protestors? 
You missed my point, totally
Also has a right to live. If you cannot protect that then get out of here with this shit. Cops are there to protect ANY protest. Where were they here? Calling me a nazi? Fucking idiots. My granddads fought in war, how dare you! I hate Nazis, but are you sure this is nazi protest? 
But he hardly replies :(
cute! so cute
"His mouth is an instrument" 
Offer free VIP pass in airport lounge. Amazing dentist from Singapore 
2gay4me
this is so good! sharky you are awesome! How did you drew it?
Congrats on appearing in [the video](https://youtu.be/_zllJ2HHAVQ?t=6m49s) :)
Thank you for your contribution, interesting thoughts. 
thank you very much
Friend's
Oh i see
Pretty garbage :(
Girl wrote first?fake? 
Damn
Hey guys, found something really funky and fresh today. Hope you like it and have a nice day/night! :)
Horrible :(
Can I ask how did your friends asked for a marriage? Casually? I mean, in a sense to help you with visa or genuinely marry you? Maybe I misunderstood, just wanted to clarify. I am in a similar position. Thinking of marrying too
So what
Stonewall in UK
You severely undervalue Britain, homelander. 
Despite the loss of their empire, Britain plays a HUGE role in the world. I would suggest you to do some research and read books on current world hierarchy, then compose an opinion on the UK. 
I care about UK, I live here! I also care about Armenia, I am from there!
 So all I want is to do something good from here for Armenia. You cannot simply hate a country as significant as UK. To start winning hearts and votes, you gotta show love, even if your love is fake, otherwise what do we have now? Nothing. You want nothing to happen to our relationships and with Turkey? Նստենք թախտին սպասենք բախտին ? No! Do something. People always complain, mostly because they are not doing anything to solve problems, just finding others to blame.
Sending support and understanding, straight acceptance is such a rare thing nowadays. Fuckin heterophobes everywhere 
Just add San  Andreas mission passed music
Gaymat? What  is that? Yet another propaganda? 
I'll have a look! Thanks for the advice kind person!
This is definite in UK ;)
Thanks! Good find! 
I might be able to have closer contacts later or perhaps even try again in the near future (say, after Brexit or current government). I'll keep updated here. 
Are the animations from Mass Effect Andromeda?
Fuск diversity! I am so done with this shitty term overused so much
Peace. No religions. Realistic world. We believe in what we see. I think if you look back, religion probably caused majority of human death over Earth 
What the heck! This is where I live and never saw it
Fake
Aww :( too late
I thought they said "end of Summer"
British: everyday cooking, no music. Focus on the words and their emphasis
American: DRAMA! 
Blocked in UK! Wtf ?
Some people take Top Gear (old) too serious, well newsflash: you shouldn't. It was mainly a comedy-car show and anyone who has watched few episodes can clearly see that.
This video shows again that in America everyone thinks they can do whatever and act as whatever 
Say football ffs, stop making the rest of the world correct you 
Same here in UK
Oh I see.. thanks
Хруст хруст!
:( thanks anyway
I am undergraduate but my degree is integrated 4 year Masters (MMath). I'll try to ask my university about this, thanks !
This is not football

Video is private :(
Oh so I get downvoted  for asking a question ? Goddamit  reddit
Are you sure it was a delivery robot?
Damn that's LIT. First smartphone ever if comes
Because devs dont care as much. Few resources for it
Depends. I liked the replay-ability of bo3, iW has very little value after completion but some people may like Sci Fi
Great! Fuck'em!
Wait what? Why is this even posted? Like it's a "find" or something extraordinary. You expected Apple battery case to only be charged while on a phone?
Dafuq did I just read
Yeah :)
Aladdin and the flying hammock 
There is no American, you are a bunch of European immigrants. There is only Native Americans there, true Americans 
Less soundcloud rappers. More actual quality music?
Heihei was his greatest achievement so far.
Full version?
Down vote as much as you want. Or you can google "holocaust siren Israel" and be put into the place
Fair enough
Bullshit! iPhone 7 Plus and Lg G6 are great cameras
This is not football...
Mission passed + respect 
*plays San Andreas tune*
This is not unique. People, everyone stops in Israel in memory of Holocaust
Disagree with the title. These buildings are no way as iconic as, say, the Big Ben
Looks like disney character
The emoji movie...anyone?
UFO caught on camera that is not 144p! 
Tim Howard's dog
can't stop watching! how is this in controversial ? 
Except the country is not right at all
No way?!
damn
This made me laugh so hard, the laugh of truth 
I feel you. Mine is like a jet when it loads stuff. 
true
aw...well, at least we know the tracklist now.
Kinda sad Joel did not play anything totally new there, ID or something. 
360p video should not be allowed in 2017, cmon guys :( 
ah, got it. plays in reddit, does not on YouTube separately :)
Strange, for how long iOS had it? And we are just getting it now?
Already down
Love Lane 8!
PS4 pro or no?
"Man gets prison" 
I doubt you can GET a prison anyhow
What can I say - badass UK police is badass
Definitely a UFO. 
...except...it is not an RPG
Yea I do. Super easy, faster than contactless card and is the only payment method that allows more than £20 payments here in UK!
Enjoying it on my 720p iphone
Groovy! First word comes to mind
Is this a joke? 
Pathetic. 
Because use common sense and brain cells. That's not natural
"gay dads feed newborns" sounds so wrong...
won't it die? :O
Nop but calm down Jesus wtf
How can you be fired from Disney and be a millionaire...oh wait... 
I agree.
Oh right. You are right
Is it? I thought they were original here
This is me vs Political Correctness on Twitter everyday 
USA?
How to be a meme 101
Idiots
Nooo please no
Love this game
So many references 
You are an idiot, I am not gonna get used to retardation of a civilisation. 
Amazing for gaming
100% 
Weird
Honour killing ? This shit has no place in UK
I am tri-lingual kid and I can confirm this
Cheater! Cat-joystick are illegal :P
This sentence does not make sense. And I am pretty good at English. 
They used both "line" and "queue" lol. 
US or UK you gotta choose one mate
TIL  to Never mess with Floridians 
For those 3 people who own them 😂
Nope
Maybe the "only" best thing? 
Wait, where is Deadmau5? 
I love this too much
Strangely right after when Apple introduced AR kit
Democracy my ass
Welcome to Russia
This! is new
There was star wars 40 years ago?
You forget one thing: Jeremy mostly jokes, don't take his word that serious
Not spending
Aussie Scar? Oi mate
Like a glove? All my brain thinks is Jim Carrey 
removed
this is idiotic
Wow...nearly 10 years too late... we has undo on iOS since...iOS 2?
 The cringe is too high. I am out. Bye
how are you helping? 
> London is overcrowded and not affordable for the most of the people trying to live there.

Well life is rough, who said it is affordable to live in a Western city, goddamit man seriously. Stop being so one sided. I agree, London is no way cheap but the salary here is fine. London has several parks, millions of trees. Congestion is still bad (according to government) but it depends where you live!!! Go to Greenwich! Amazing air.

You are pointing out ridiculous outliers from news outlets (which I dont even trust anyway), for WHAT? what's the reason? I am sure I  can dig and find similar stuff from other cities. 

>Sorry, mate, but it seems like you're not in the right here.


No, I am right here, stop this thing with trying to convince others with "sorry blah blah blah you are not right". it does not work on me. I have seen and been using internet too much to spot bullshitery (it is called winning without having real argument, I went to debating society).

From BusinessInsider article, yes Vienna, Austria (both places I have been and lived) have better quality of life because they are not megapolis, they are not a giant city, they are not a metropolitan area. Of course they will have better quality of life, That's not the initial point nor my argument.  I am not closing my eyes on that, but what you are closing is what is the best location for a business to be run from? Samsung decided London is not fun and let's move to Berlin, the most BORING city in Germany I have been to. Half of the city feels like it was stuck in 60-70s under Soviet rule with boring buildings and disgusting landscape. 
THINK from business point of view - go to Berlin or go to London? (screw employees and quality of life, think money for a second)
Of course the answer is London (let's not include Brexit arguments yet).You build office where Financial power is strong, London is strong, and Berlin is not as strong. 
If it was a modern art then nothing is lost ;)
This conversation is not going anywhere. I love London and will defend it, I have seen and lived in other European cities and this is the best place for me. Maybe not for you or Samsung. 
Your choice. 
Have a nice day. 

good for you.
You are entitled to.
I respectfully disagree. 
old ass phone :D
Smartass alert
Overcrowded or not, not important. Also piss off your sarcasm, I highly doubt you lived longer in the UK to know better about wages and how much on average person needs to spend on necessities.

> So yes, yes and yes.

Except none of those cities has the financial power of City of London. 
I have finished studying Economics of Europe  **just**  2 months ago, I have fresh memory on latest stats.

I find 'not a fun place to live unless you are really rich' statement completely bullshit, coming from a German CEO. Of course we are talking about "corporations are person", that's the idea, because the  statement itself refers to London being not "fun" for some people (absurd, no doubt it is one of the funnest cities in the world and Europe). Also why would Samsung care how *fun* a city is before deciding to open up an office? What has one to do with another? I think they decided that also because of fear of Brexit, since nobody knows for sure how the movement of labour is going to be, so they stick with mainland Europe, clever.

As a business, as a corporation you don't give a damn about how fun is your city, all you care is money, how to make money, where are the customers and UK is excellent place to make money with richest average spending on tech in Europe. (source: my Economics course. I have a Master in Economics).

Berlin might be cheaper than London but it has no way better than London in terms of customer size, business perspective. And, who the heck deducted that Berlin is funner than London? Just by looking at number of festivals London vs Berlin....it's a joke.

You have very pessimistic look at London and UK, dear redditer. 

P.S. Just for transparency, places I lived (3 months or more):

UK since 2008, London since 2010

Germany (Munich) 2006 (Berlin) 2007

Spain (Barcelona and Madrid) 2002 

Austria (Vienna) every winter since 2006

France (Paris)  Autumn 2016 



Except if you have a job, it does not matter. Jobs pay well enough, as a foreigner I don't wanna hear winning Brits who say they don't   earn enough. Yes you do. If you are on full time job it will pay good enough for the position you are in depending on experience of course. Also, if you think the whole London is overcrowded, then you did not go outside City and Westminster area. Where I live there are no crowds of people outside, buses are mostly 50% packed and tube runs every 2-5 min so no worries in off peak times. I agree, on-peak from 7 AM to 9-10ish all underground is packed but where do you see different? This is huge city, one of the largest, you think Paris is better in the morning? Berlin? Madrid? Vienna? I have been to several places in Europe and lived in few for quite some time. I know what I'm talking about. London may seem overcrowded but clever people will always find a way to avoid most problems here. Also, Apple is building second biggest HQ in the world right here...London. (Battersea) 

I wonder why they chose London, oh wait, I don't wonder...because they know this is excellent place.
Samsung is stupid. London is extremely fun place for anyone living on any budget
Awesome
Fuck facebook
Lol
good!
this was bad, honest
Good guy Blackbeard
I expected so, she is very talented! I have a crush on her as well!
One of my favorite Axwell tracks!
which also show that they failed to "support" or reach any agreement.
Will it have lag? Or can do LAN? And 60 FPS please
Meh
How is this uplifting ? Do you really understand what could this potentially mean? People are so easily manipulated. Almost certainly this will lead to energy poverty in France. Gas and diesel cannot be fully substituted as of yet, and the costs of completely switching to other sources is going to be insane. 
Count in the growth of population, adjust inflation, perhaps post-Brexit problems (since France imports and exports a lot with UK).  Imagine hit on jobs and workplaces who work in gas/oil sectors. And I am sure there are so many disadvantages to the economy because of this. HOWEVER, I have to say, this is good to environment, but sadly, not good for people.
yeah! me too. nice flair ;)
That moment when this tune sounds way more "daft punk"-y than recent Daft Punk tunes. 
I am not talking about being offended. Not at all. But English language has generated from England, so I expect English/British flag there to represent that language 
Wtf is a vegan cafe in a first place? 
"Uhm, is my coffee vegan?"
I am
Getting 
Tired 
Of this
Slammin
They should half the flags, like most games do
Did that middle truck behind long truck hit something? Have a look
Nokia Lumia Camera vibes
Now where is the fun in that! 
And so are the idiots
Me too!
Omg! 
You Americans should stop stealing other names lol
BLM is a disaster, not a movement 