I mean, he's making a pretty broad claim though. Between accidents, suicide and health issues, isn't that pretty much how most people die? So that wouldn't be uncommon. 
Old Testament God wasn't like the NT one. He was perpetually bored, petty, jealous and arbitrary. Fucking with someone to induce an exact sevenfold retribution is exactly the kind of shit he would want to do. 
That's just him doing an .exe style goof like back in the day. I really doubt it was intended as a serious criticism.
Uh, no, I voted strongly against this blowhard and encouraged everyone to do the same. Not my fault. Not my president. 
Ooh, football friend! 
What, honoring that goofy little bastard's life? 
I always thought he was on the short side, maybe five ten, but I figured that was just the camera playing tricks on me. Huh. 
His search to give Sydney a nickname. "Joben" 
Fuck this gay earth 
Not from the movie, but Jay's crazy frog scene is similarly cringe inducing https://youtu.be/yeZsPCG74UM
The nutter probably *got a snack* at close to midnight! Straight to the loony bin with her. 
They have to basically reverse engineer the damn console with absolutely zero support. Even getting it up and running is incredible. 
That's a pretty common phrasing.
Individual subs can still decide to not have racism
The eat your own poop one
Well... you do learn things. Things you maybe didn't want to know, but you did learn them.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO 
Or he could just not link us up. I'm okay to not purple that blue.
DENTAL PLANNNN
Healthy produce and staple foods are literally the cheapest thing you can buy. 
That's a fair point. I still imagine the pool of willing participants is quite small given the person, though. 
Logic mostly checks out, but there's a big difference between serving a gross person their fast food order and putting their dick in your vagina
I just think it feels like a bit of a dated jab. Like, even the crusty old PCs at my local library have long since transitioned to nice little flat-screens. It's kind of like making a fat joke about someone who isn't fat anymore. 

BSOD reference was funny though. 
That's literally the *only* takeaway someone could get from your post. You're being purposefully obtuse. 
This was my first MGS game. Yes you are fine. You can just skip the story sequences and play it as a "go do that thing over there" game. I did. Was great. 
I think the problem is that Bluetooth just sucks. It's a lovely idea for tech, but everyone I know has a horror story about some device just... like... randomly not working for no discernible reason, or disconnecting every time without fail, or whatever. The technology is very imperfect. It's like the printer of the wireless connectivity world. Needs  *lot* of improvement. 
I mean, why bother saying this? It's just not true. There's plenty of amusement that goes on here, obviously, but there's also gallons of rage in many of the comments. Not a bad thing to admit. It is what it is. 
I've been on this sub for many, many years. It has become increasingly credulous, to the point now where I feel like we're just downright gullible. I realize that critiquing *every* single post and treating them all as fake until proven true wouldn't be productive, but guys, be more skeptical. 
Also OP is fortunate to have found this out beforehand, I suppose. Could be a lot worse. Could have to be scrambling to get tested and shit. Silver linings. 
If people weren't such fucking dorks about guns maybe they wouldn't be such a problem. Like, no, Susan, maybe you shouldn't bring your assault rifle to Chipotle. 
TG was quite clearly in his pocket. In light of this development, I wouldn't trust them either now. 
He's just being exposed for what he deserves to be: a minor footnote in gaming competition history at most. 
It's sad because, like, did anyone really look up to Mitchell in that way? He's always seemed like the kind of guy you don't want babysitting your kids. Any "glory" he had was overshadowed by him being an eccentric and arrogant prick who makes enemies with fucking everyone. 
Pardon me for copying and pasting but just in case the other guy doesn't see: Do they still both need to be the same rank, or is it just the removal of the power up requirement to rank up? 
Do they still both need to be the same rank, or is it just the removal of the power up requirement to rank up? 
What exactly does the "Element Special Rank Up Buff" do? I'm not quite understanding it from the UI explanation. It just seems to say that it's "useful". Don't want to pull the trigger on a purchase without knowledge. 
Don't forget the $500,000 GoFundMe from supporters across the country and a reactionary surge in the usage of #BlueLivesMatter. 
***PKKKHHKHKHHH***
Also, they're completely irrelevant now. Partially due to bullshit like this, but also because it's become more about speed running than high scores now. We can ignore them. 
Can't divulge too much because it involves specific legal incidents and the guy is now trying to start over (which, fair enough). 

But basically he read and watched American Psycho, and just... became obsessed. He completely missed the irony, and decided Bateman was god. Would reread single lines over and over to try to absorb the message, and would try very hard to emulate his mannerisms. Said all of those stupid lines to people whenever he was out and about (like the "head on a stick" one). Did all sorts of substances, bought all sorts of expensive shit just because Pat did. Made an absurd amount of enemies in a short time. Got multiple DUIs, ruined all his family relationships, etc.

He would blog about this too, which is how I found out about a decent amount of it (other times he'd talk about it or show me in person, wearing his troubles like a badge of honor). Oddly enough, outside of the dorky "Bateman emulation" stuff (which he turned off a bit around me after a while because I razzed him for it) he was the nicest, most pleasant dude to hang around, so I never severed ties.

The one thing he couldn't bring himself to do was the violence part of it. I think his realization of that was what caused him to snap out of it.

He's doing a lot better now, with a stable job and a very normal girlfriend and none of that weird shit anymore. I believe it is clear to him that he was utterly insane for a while. But goddamn that was a strange five years to observe. 
Yep. I actually know a few guys who practically worship his character. One of them more or less ruined his life over it. It's incredibly stupid but it's a thing. 
If you click it, they apparently sell a lot of semi naked anime figurines. Then at the bottom there's just pictures of various girls in risqué poses which don't link to anything. So incredibly random. What a *curious* little fucking site. 
It's "apologies if you were offended" which is sort of the classic way of saying you're not actually sorry, and that the other person is too sensitive.
I was gonna say, there is a lot out there that is *actually* transphobic, like intentionally so. Stuff that will make this tweet look like the first day of kindergarten. And it's literally all over. This is nothing. This is less than nothing.
> But lets not pretend that this some cleverly thought joke, which was hijacked and ruined. 

I mean, the read I got from it when he posted it was an offhanded one-liner he thought of or remembered while pooping, and decided to post it. Is anyone pretending this was the funniest shit ever or something? I don't see such a thing.
No it doesn't normalize that idea. *No* one is somehow now convinced or more convinced that this is the case.
I think it only implies that to you subjectively because of your unique position in life, and you were kind of looking to get offended. Most people, including a lot of trans people who have spoken up, were not offended and didn't see these implications in the joke. I am 100% pro trans and I think you need to grow thicker skin if you're gonna make it. 
That some reason being the obvious "it deletes the things I say and my parents can't check it". 
95% of its users have no significant opinion on Facebook or Zuckerberg and just use what everyone else is using for communication (like they did with the telephone and the mail before it).

Reddit has a hate boner for both, and I get why, but don't delude yourselves into thinking there's "widespread hatred" or anything. People don't care. 
Oh, this is 100% satire. Hate to be that guy but it surprises me people think it's legit.
Low effort racism is low effort
It is for 99% of mobile games. This is an odd one out. 
Of all the data gathering concerns I have out there, them knowing which banners I pulled on is literally the least. 
Well, that and like 99% of people already have a Facebook or Google account. 
I mean, you just reworded what the other guy said for easy karma points on here. They're just doing the same thing you're doing, getting easy internet points. 
When food and rent are free, let me know and this will be perfectly defensible. 
Moral arguments aside: convenience, mostly. I downloaded MP3s like crazy back in the day, but Spotify (or any equivalent service I suppose) takes the hassle out of it. Can't be fucked to manually download shit anymore. 
What you're doing is the equivalent of muting the TV during commercials. Which they obviously cannot possibly stop and is your right to do. They're talking about circumventing the ads altogether. 
If ten bucks a month is too much, someone has bigger things to worry about in their life at the moment than complaining about music streaming 
You can multiply any monthly cost by twelve and get the yearly. Fine, that's useful for perspective I guess, but doesn't add to the argument. 
It's also not exactly a bank breaker either. Like, we aren't talking about a four figure professional video editing software suite or something. It's like ten bucks guys. 
Been subjected to annoying bullshit since I was a kid watching regular TV. Ads have always sucked so much ass and unfortunately I don't think that's going to change. I wish they would. 
Pay for premium service, get it free with ads, or gamble with a ban risk. Nuance established, let's all move on now and stop arguing lol
I think ad blocking is totally understandable but I also think Spotify and such are totally justified in blocking ways to do that, since they're offering a premium service for free. Nuance is nice. 
Smoking marijuana occasionally is essentially harmless, so it really just falls under the category of "common hobbies that people enjoy" which, IMHO, a partner shouldn't be telling you not to do without good reason. 
If he covered his tracks enough to delete the texts on her end, it's pretty likely he's already done that transfer. That being said it can't hurt to try this anyway. 
"Slagathor" makes a great nickname for that one ex everyone has, by the way.
I was going to say, the investigation has so far been a successful one, as it has uncovered several illegal actions by important individuals involved with the government. In what way is that "no bites"? Even catching one person would mean he was doing some good.
Oliver takes on everyone. No one is safe. Have you not been watching?
"recklessly tossed into an open fire" 
What a *weird* saga. I feel like so much is happening that never would have even occurred to me as a remote possibility before. The president firing the guy investigating the president? Is this still planet earth? What the fuck? 
The implications of this would have been very interesting, but... well, yeah, obviously. Basic skepticism should have caught this one before going to press. 
Abbreviation (POS) wouldn't go over well lol
"FUCK YOU, MISSILE!"
The glory kill mechanic was the most video game-y thing in years and I loved every second of it.
FireRed and LeafGreen at least had the "recap" thing and then, whoops, feature gone again forever.
The game isn't really designed for avoiding death, IMHO. It's designed for getting in death's face and punching it. You have to play it aggressively, not defensively. Kind of like Bloodborne.
Taking this opportunity to recommend to literally anyone who reads this comment: watch American Vandal.
Yeah if you want to horrify your friends
People still pretend the site is some wild west of completely unfiltered, unchallenged edits and everything is bonkers and guaranteed wrong. I don't know why. It hasn't been like that for a very, very long time. 
Sexually aggressive women? I'd say the majority are into that. *Rape?* Nah dude hard pass.
If you're over 18, I think you're allowed to decide for yourself whether you feel assaulted or not. The whole purpose of laws like this is to protect people from physical aggression, which in a sense relies on the idea that the person doesn't want said aggression to occur to them. If you're genuinely fine with it and it didn't cause any actual damage to you, then okay I guess.

Just be careful, though, bud. Things can seem more okay in the moment than they might be later on when you have time to reflect.
Oh man that was hilarious but it would *not* go over well if aired today.
This kind of stuff makes me wish there were a lot more color variants in the games. 
It's often said that the left can't take a joke. Fair enough, but the joke actually has to be funny first. 
I know this says a lot about my excessive phone usage, but I feel like my quality of life would go way down with a fucking six digit pin code to unlock my damn phone. 
I fucking love this sub
Tommy boy if you see the above comment just know I'd buy a ticket day one. Hell I'd buy five. 
Not everything needs an opinion. 
Welcome to Me

It's not a sexy scene for the record 
This comment just made me go outside because I feel like I'm wasting my life. So thanks. 
I've seen clowns perform and have actually taken a class on it in grade school just to learn some performance stuff.

Still think they're *very* capable of being at least low key creepy. 
Fear is the wrong term. I find them vaguely unsettling in a way that's hard to put into words. The whimsical music, the extreme fake smiles, the dopey laughter... no thanks. Especially to hundreds of them gathering in a fucking graveyard. 

Maybe I've just seen one too many horror movies or something. Who knows? 
Lo fi = actual audio recorded during gameplay

Hi fi = added in after
This has the unfortunate effect of drowning out quality content when a sub gets bigger. For now it'd probably be fine, but in the long run this would turn into a meme/funny image sub. It just happens. 
That's kind of the nature of loot based action RPGs, to be fair. It's a lot of hallways and a lot of mobs and a lot of kill kill kill. Not a genre for everyone. 
You mean supporting the title for half a decade and only charging for entire expansions, not online play itself? 
Fun idea but it's entirely speculation at this point. 
Hell, I really enjoyed the controller setup and came to kind of prefer it. 
The varying sizes in the anime, Pokémon Go, etc. always implied to me that the official height/length listings are just mean to be the mean or median or whatever. 
It's not the focus of the app, but you technically still can use your own MP3s on Spotify. There's a way to get them downloaded to your phone, too, if you put them on a playlist and hit an option setting. 
Yes, it's very meta and self-aware. Some characters even openly acknowledge that they're in a game. If people can get past the stylings (or they appreciate them), it's amazing.
Prinny strike!
The entire series is super anime and super Japanese, for the record.
If "getting into this game" itself is actually your goal, I'd find a decent reroll and just get started with the game. Life is too short, and banner pulls are almost never going to come out exactly how you want them. There are also plenty of other viable characters besides Cloud.
Google is not the state but I guess that would be really inconvenient to his claim
LGBT+ or just LGBT are understood by the vast majority of people. The few special cases are generally implied to be included (if you're questioning, for example, then LGBT community resources would be useful to you).

This really isn't a problem outside the extreme-SJW spehere.
Toward the end of the game it really seemed to drop off, but yes. Found myself being very liberal with healing items and relishing any "doctor" type NPC I'd find. 
Sounds awesome.

Probably not great for the *leader of the country* to be doing that, though, since that job actually matters idk
Ifrit is bae in most cases thus far, it would seem. Read the descriptions and pick for the fight though. 
You're not really doing it wrong per se, he's just a character with some ramp-up time to get to max tank status.

He can still throw out a quick Cover in a pinch and take some hits. 
Tier list is great for nerdy min-maxing. There's a time and place for that, which is at the highest level of content.

For the rest of the game, pretty much any character is fine. The whole battle system is based on a mechanic that's somewhat agnostic to the actual party member, after all.
Laguna is in my top five for most useful characters in the entire game. Doesn't belong at all
Steiner is a solid damage dealer, especially against humanoids. The "problem" with him, in my experience, is just that other characters are even better at damage, so there's really no reason to use him in terms of efficiency.

But this is a super casual game for the most part. Use who you want. I do. I main Vivi. 
Everyone I know who would be inclined to sign up for Facebook already has, also. It's not like they're missing a market in America at this point. It should be expected even if the platform was more awesome. 
I don't think the fact that a spinoff sub exists says much on a website where that... just... I dunno, kind of happens all the time. Small groups of individuals frequently feel that subs are too something, whether it be biased or meme-heavy or whatever, and spin off. Does this actually mean the original sub is deficient in some way? In some cases I've thought yes, but in others not really. 

I'm not saying you're wrong, btw, I just disagree with the reasoning for it.

As for sources cited, is that not inherent in the fact that /r/politics is link based? They're discussing sources. That's the focus. The other sub you showed me is text post based, so it would require citing sources in the comments. 
Strong disagree. 

99% of the time, if I actually scroll down on posts in that sub, the majorly downvoted comments aren't "super reasonable and well cited comments that happen to be conservative". They're usually just MAGA bros trolling and talking about how the latest Trump gaffe is actually super amazing. They're typically making zero effort to critically think.

Can you give me some examples of what you're talking about? I've never really seen it. At all. 
Deep down inside we all know that. The only reason anyone is even remotely sticking up for her is that they looked at the first photo of her and called it a day. If she looked like Kathy Bates (great actress, no shade), everyone would be ragging on her.
Call of Duty is the informal equivalent of illegal for minors, at least in the US. Many (most?) retailers won't sell M-rated titles to people under 17 years old. I got carded once or twice back in the day. 

We do try to protect our kids to a reasonable extent.

Kind of a bad analogy.
I think everyone can relate to the kid on some level. No one is blaming him. 

I also think people in this thread are giving the adult *way* more of a pass than she deserves based on a single flattering photograph of her in a state of relative undress.
Can confirm, we are spoiled rotten.
While we're throwing numbers around, I'd like to throw 14 back into the mix, lest we forget that's the age of the kid she statutorily raped. 

She's nice looking, but let's... not just forget about that.
Plus, a 26 year old woman who's the type to fuck 14 year old kids is the type who may very well ruin your life with their bullshit.
Oh by all means, I don't think any sane person blames the *kid*, man. 
It's not "wrong" for a 14 year old to want to have sex with a decently attractive teacher. That's totally normal. Everyone has crushes on "the hot teacher" at school, whatever.

It's also not technically "wrong" for finding someone sexually mature to be attractive in and of itself. Biological urges don't say "oh no this person is illegal for me".

But the predatory nature of this relationship/sex encounter exists outside of that. It's not about if they're hot. It's about the ages and maturity levels. Ask yourself what people would be saying if this woman was not kind of attractive.
Hell, I'd even ditch the "I'm sorry". She's not running a storefront. She's just a regular person making beanies. No need for extra politeness when others aren't extending her the same. 
He's got a long ways to go if he wants to get on Fantano's level of saucy shitposting, but it's a great first attempt
I'm sure more people are complaining about it just because the game is fun to shit on at the moment, but double dipping is already a highly loathed practice in the industry at large.

Its simple, companies: If you're going to put out a game at full price, the customer gets the full package. Charge me for an extra save slot if this game is free to play, but if it's $60 upfront then screw that. 
Short of an accidental drunken admission from one of them, I can't think of any way this could ever happen. OP, this advice is fine. 
Gin and Sin tho 
To be fair, inflation is really pushing the limits of what you can sell for a dollar anymore. 
Quick litmus test: If you liked 4 and were able to embrace the series heading in a zanier direction, you'll probably dig Gat out of Hell.

If you thought 4 was the wrong direction for the series and preferred the more grounded 2 and/or 3, you probably won't. 
Can confirm, the series has an outstanding "hours of entertainment per dollar" ratio. You just have to embrace the fact that it gets remarkably more outlandish over time. 
I'll second that guy's opinion. 4 was a ton of fun. I just embraced the change wholeheartedly and found it to be a joy throughout. Didn't mind not needing cars or the fact that things were really silly. Still fun as fuck. 
Their news section is actually fine, it's the other stuff that's dumb. 
It speaks to his character, which does matter to me in a politician. Someone being wantonly unfaithful to their spouse doesn't suggest that they are an upstanding individual. Policy is most important, of course, but I still prefer to elect solid people. 
People are now getting indicted by the baker's dozen. The time to call it a "farce" is long gone. 
It's obvious in retrospect, just didn't really cross my mind before. 
This is a wild guess, but my money is on them trying whatever they can to not get demonitized. 
Eh. It's like... I physically have room for it, but I also want to walk around. If someone got this for me, I don't know where I'd put it, practically speaking. 
I gotta be honest, this kind of stuff sounds about eight thousand times more fun to read about or watch *other* people playing than actually play myself. Am I crazy? I feel like I'm the only one who isn't jumping up and down in excitement about this title... 
You can just angrily tear it with your canine teeth, and have at least a faint shadow of the primal hunting experience your great great ancestors would have had. 
Eh, I understand not wanting someone to bring along an actual "extra wheel" for the whole night, but there really shouldn't be anything wrong with a one-time, 15 minute stop-in where an SO grabs a quick beer, shakes some hands, and has a laugh before excusing themselves. Just to meet the people and bounce. It can easily be framed as them "being in town and saying a quick hello" if necessary. 

If *that* isn't acceptable, the group in question needs to lighten up a bit. 
A single meet and greet can go a long ways. I'm guessing most people may or may not even want to go along to many events, but putting a face to a name is a big step up from "enigmatic goons of the opposite sex".

OP largely keeping her work life separate and her boyfriend having met these people are not at all mutually exclusive. This seems very simple to me. 
I don't think being entitled or thinking it is deserved are either appropriate here, but "would be nice" is fair. The guy would get a lot of brownie points for making at least a single appearance, though it's fully within his rights not to do so. 
I swear it must be right in front of me, but where do I recruit Onion Knight? I've looked for anything I'm missing on Chapter 4. I see nothing. 
Might as well just eat a sweater at that point 
Some states don't even legally recognize them as trans at all. 
Minus one, that's three. Quick maths
I don't use the site regularly anymore, but I'm going down with the ship at least with scrobbling. 

Last.fm has the last 13 years of my music listening habits meticulously arranged in charts and graphs. I can see exactly what I was into, down to the day and hour, as early as sophomore year of high school. Few things in my life are that fascinating. 
I liked him in Community. I liked his stand up. I've liked him in some serious roles in films and such. I liked his music. You're right, the guy is talented in all pursuits. 
MSG is bae. 
Tinder is already Tinder for fat people because the majority of people are overweight now. 
Yeah those high school students totally have the means to just change states and go to another school. /s
If you put all gay people on a deserted island, in a month the property values would be through the roof and people would be rushing to move there. Also, dear lord you think about guys a lot based on your posts. Latent? 
Yeah those pesky "equal rights" really aren't a big deal at all, they totally aren't something people have been matching and protesting for over the last few centuries and stuff. 
If hell is filled with gay people, it seems like it'd be a pretty nice neighborhood. Count me in. 
Why the hell would an atheist give a shit about gay behavior? Don't kid yourself, this is a religious problem almost exclusively. 
That's some commitment. My issue with pens is less with them breaking, though, and more about them disappearing into the ether of my house somewhere at a rapid pace over the years. 
Yeah, but it's just the social cost you pay for  celebrity status. Hell, they're only minorly famous. Imagine how Brad Pitt feels. They're used to it by now I'm sure. 
What if it's someone who just enjoys little trinkets in general, and that's included? 
We demand to be taken seriously! 
I'll take "Things They'll Severely Regret in a Decade" for $500.
Botched toe! 
Don't mean this offensively but people are always setting such a low bar for couple goals. Like, this is just a couple jointly participating in a goofy picture. Are people's relationships that bad that this is unattainable? 
Mais oui. Chub et tuck, mes amis.
dat royalty free ukelele 👌
I put this together when drunk off my gourd, so I'm amazed it even holds up at all, much less that people would find hilarity in it. Thanks dawg. 
People couldn't possibly be more misled by that one, yeah lol. To be fair, though, the episode itself does an even better (and far more subtle) job of that misdirect.
I legitimately debated adding some canned laughter, but I just felt like it didn't fit with the trend of modern "quirky" sitcoms. They seem to rely more on comedic timing with music cues and such. 
Thanks man, I figured it would cause chaos and confusion in anyone who hadn't seen it. "Uh... Why doesn't she have a face?" 
The goal of my content-
They don't seem to shy away from having regular and semi-regular guests. That's cool with me as long as it stays interesting. There's sort of this idea in podcasts that if you have guests, you're supposed to have a new one each time - - but there's no real reason it *has* to be that way. 
Reality: 

White votes matter, but others do as well. Undocumented people don't deserve to be trampled. Pedophiles are indeed people by definition, though nothing about the Democrat platform supports their behavior. Disrespecting the flag doesn't matter. And have pride in your country if you want, this is not a party issue. 
That is a genuinely terrifying design. If I saw someone dressed like that on the street on any day but October 31st I think I'd head the other way. 
That's kind of the point though. No one would be criticizing them for a simple plug at the end of the video. Anyone is more than welcome to do that. Hard selling merchandise to kids during popular songs seems pretty tacky, though. 
Absolutely. 
We can always talk about it. 
Even religious sanctity complaints aside, I thought it was just so tacky to make a song focused on that. Why did she need to sing about that? 
Food isn't even a fun "depression drug" either. It tastes good for a minute and then you don't get high or anything, just fat. 
This is a weird thread for sure. We're talking about one of the best reviewed and best selling games of all time with one of the biggest mod and support/discussion communities in the world. People have devoted entire months/years of their lives solely to playing it. 
Hate personified. 
I did, I was extrapolating. 
Not really enough to keep up with the death rate. 
Jellied eels. 
This looks like some of the less good looking dishes in FFXV where they used a little too much gloss on the model. 
I mean that sounds delicious. 
Are you being petty about calling them sliders or did you just miss the logo? 
A slow and painful death when you realize you've deep fried everything and you're 800 pounds. No big deal, sign me up! 
Big difference between fresh sliders from the grill and frozen sliders that have been sitting there in the store for weeks/months. 
Eh, there are plenty of equivalent horrors in British cuisine, if not far worse. 
Let's all go to the lobby... 
Yep, this is the first world problem that broke the camel's back and I'm already awkwardly positioning myself to order a longer one on Amazon Prime
I mean, it's been 12 years since it came out...
Speaking of which, there's another movie you don't think is gonna be as emotional as it is. 
I've seen things that were objectively a lot sadder. But it's an Adam Sandler film. You expect a wacky comedy with a zany soundtrack and him yelling a lot. You don't expect hard death and wasted life drama. 
Spoilers for those who haven't seen it, but I honestly think either way is happy. If digital consciousness isn't a thing, they died peacefully. If it is, they live happily. 
What's not to "buy"? .
Snapchat was a laggy, horribly optimized app before, but I didn't really see a problem with the layout. Swipe right to get to your private messages, which are presented neatly in the order they were received. Swipe left to get to everyone's stories, which are also presented neatly in the order they were posted. You can get used to it in an afternoon.

Now the app is trying to combine them all with "intelligent sorting", and it just became a huge mess. It's roughly equivalent in terms of bad ideas to the hypothetical idea of Facebook combining the Messenger interface with the News Feed. Can you imagine how gross that would be? That's what's going on right now on Snapchat. It's stupid.
Imagine there are two features on an application which people really like, but work very well separately. Then imagine the developers smashed those two features together into a hideous amalgamation that makes using both of those features more difficult.

That's the new Snapchat.
Copied and pasted because I'm tired of typing this out to dozens of people all the time.

>Ethan cleared it with Pewds ahead of time and made sure he knew he was going to discuss the incident on his podcast, and they are both still friends and have no resentment toward each other.
Now that I think about it, it's really advantageous that pets are fine being naked. Can you imagine if you had to buy your dog new clothes all the time? It would fucking suck.
Hey, thanks! Found a reasonable guy. Well met.
You can't just throw out anonymous White House sources all of a sudden now in 2017 now that it's inconvenient. 
I mean, yes, he can do something more than 0%.
Context matters. I honestly don't care if he's blabbing his mouth rudely when he's in his private quarters, but when in a government meeting this is beyond inappropriate for standards of presidential decorum. 
Feel free to toss out racism for a moment then, and let's say there was no racist intent. Not really the point either way. It's about tact and decorum as the leader of the country, man. Ultimately even if you ignore the low hanging fruit criticism, this is still very gauche behavior.
You'll notice that even the most angry people in this thread aren't necessarily saying these countries don't have problems. They clearly do. That's not the point at all.
Odd, I thought you guys hated Voter fraud. 
Federal government is not a zero sum game. There really isn't a "first". There is proportioning of funds and staff for different departments. 
Well, yeah, we've forgotten Hillary. She lost the election. It's been a year, and for the record, a lot of us voted for someone else anyway. Time to move on from her as a punching bag. 
Let's say by definition places like Haiti are a shithole when you get down to it.

As some jackass at the local watering hole, three beers in by 5pm, sure, put it like that. As the *president of the United States*, use some damn tact, though.

It's like, remember when Obama called Kanye West a jackass? It wasn't even necessarily "wrong", but when I heard about it I realized, that's not gonna go over well. 
That's not really why people are mad about this, though. I mean, it's part of it, but it's more about the incredibly brash delivery, lacking any and all expected tact. Diplomacy does matter. 
If he was unequivocally correct, people still have reasonable expectations of presidential tact and decorum. And that's what people are reasonably mad about here.
WaPo also has a reputation and isn't going to risk being caught fabricating a story that, as offensive as its implications are, will ultimately be inconsequential. It's not worth it just to "make people angry at the guy." They're not that kind of publication. 
It's just a matter of tact, honestly. 
"Reports of vulgar comments toward certain countries are incorrect." It would take them five seconds and score them major reputation points, so the fact that they haven't means it's likely true. 
Square has been more friendly to Xbox in recent years so I wouldn't say "never", but I wouldn't hold my breath.
It's also optional, though. You have full control over your characters at a moment's notice. You also don't *have* to use gambits at all.
It's almost as if the Final Fantasy series is notorious for producing vastly different ranking orders among fans and players.
You don't have to use them. You can manually control your characters.
FFX remaster wasn't terrible but it seems like they've come a long way since then. 
Seconded. I played this during my freshman year of college. It fucked with me hard, in an ultimately good way. It sounds weird to say, but I feel like I became a less detached person just from having pondered on that game's plot and its implications.

Please buy this game.
Follow the forehead.
Well, yeah. 
I'm okay with that.
It just comes across as awkward and tryhard if you don't get the reference.
I mean, then you're just lying to someone on the internet to make them feel bad for making an actually correct presumption.
I just don't understand the strategy this guy is using at all.  

They were matched in the past, so clearly they had at least a momentary connection. Why burn the bridge? This was a decent opportunity to put her on the back-burner again, or at least make a friendly exit from the conversation and go on his way. 

If absolutely nothing else, it never hurts to have social connections in other cities.
She doesn't, but it's pretty obvious in this thread that there are a decent amount of guys who see "woman rejecting man" and are jumping to the random dude's defense.
If anything this shows good discernment on her part.
Actual answer: trying to perform the saving of his own face by making her out to be the bad guy. Didn't work, but there was an attempt.
He was *supposed* to gracefully exit the situation and leave her on the backburner if anything, but hey, that's politics.
Yeah, I feel terrible for the boyfriend. She's, like, good at quickly squashing midnight thirst from other guys. And she's polite as long as someone else is being polite in kind. Sounds awful! Would be a dreadful relationship. 
Sign of a quality post, IMO.
/r/nocontext
Looks like he rolled a gutter ball, then. 
Him not meaning any harm doesn't mean she has any less of a right to swiftly squash his obvious midnight intentions. She was polite until he "went there" and didn't escalate beyond his level. 
I find her response to be blunt, yet not lacking any particular tact. I sense some resentment towards women in a lot of these responses. 
Duck sucking is a *whole* different ballgame, son.
She didn't know who it was, so she didn't quite know if it was unwanted. Can't blame someone for clarifying. 
Other than a pyramid scheme I got nothing. 
Given the context (midnight, minimal interaction beforehand exclusively on Tinder), if the intentions were just socializing without an agenda, it behooves one to make this clear at the get-go.
Not to really defend this guy in any way, but never underestimate the power of too much alcohol and midnight. 
The clapping emoji after this is one of the dorkiest faux "alpha" face saving attempts I've seen in a while. 
He's doing mental gymnastics to "win" the encounter, and perhaps try to find a supposed "zinger" of a conversation ender for his own screenshot to send to some of his buddies with a message saying "OMG, all I wanted to do was talk to this bitch can you believe it" 
I mean, okay? She's under absolutely no obligation to be all sunshine, unicorns and rainbows when she can sense where the conversation is obviously headed. Do you actually care that she was mildly confrontational? 
"I don't believe you" is the exact moment the cringe began. 
I mean, who cares? She's under no obligation to continue pleasantries if she senses where things are going. 
In those kind of situations I feel like I'd probably open with that, though. 

Like, "Hey, so I know this might sound strange considering how we 'met', but I noticed you work at Google and I'm applying..." or "Long time no speak! I'll get right to the point, do you have any connections for the secret Radiohead show in Berkeley this weekend? Sorry, I know this is awkward I just really want to go!" 
That was both cringe and such a fucking cheap joke. Just mashing two ethnicities/citizenships together lolololol get it humor laugh 
You have one of those "Gameboxes"? "Xcubes"?
He's gotten exponentially better since the early days. It's easy to see why people like his stuff now. 
Same. I have an internal will-to-live meter that I carefully monitor when I'm on this sub, and anything that gets me below 25% is an immediate "abandon ship". This one got there in near record time.
Soda with just a bit of grease and gristle stains in it. Yum yum.
The CDC is well qualified to make judgments on the health value of certain lifestyles and personal choices. To put this in the same category as rude and unhelpful mockery of fat people just for being fat is silly. 
Predisposition actually means that someone thus needs to make *more* efforts to avoid a problem, not give up, though.

As an analogy, if someone is predisposed to becoming an alcoholic, this means they should stridently avoid alcohol or at least overconsumption of the stuff. It would be wholly inappropriate for that person to resign themselves to the bottle because of some genetic issues. 
Can someone please confirm that this is still reality? I know it's a cliché to say this, but I am absolutely baffled by virtually everything this administration has done. I'm not in a "darkest timeline" simulator, am I? Is it really this unusually bad? 
If you live in the western world, you should care at least vaguely about the United States, in the same sense that Americans should at least vaguely care about the EU. It may not directly affect one another, but indirectly this stuff does matter in terms of ripple effects. You will catch some rogue waves from this presidency in terms of trade and diplomacy. 
Look at his Twitter account. Hes posted thousands and thousands of times over the years. He's definitely up there. 
The person you're responding to is a tribalist, not a logician.
Source? He's been in character for a lot of things after the video dropped 
https://twitter.com/KevinSpacey/status/924848412842971136
You know what? I almost believed this until the part about there being 10 checkout lanes open in a grocery store post-recession. Yeah fucking right.
Haircuts are worth what people are willing to pay. $100 seems ridiculous to me, but if people want the red carpet treatment and are willing to pay the price of admission, that's on them.
I believe a lot of the problems people "solve" by deleting Facebook are ones they could just as easily solve by doing what you do (avoiding the mindless news feed scroll), as well as not getting emotionally invested in the dumb things people post.

For example, my dad posts political things I don't often agree with, but I'm not required to read them. 
DraStic works flawlessly unless you have an ancient phone, and it has the benefit of running on a touch screen device too (which a lot of DS games use for stuff). 
This is called adhan and oh dear lord I am so glad I am not a Muslim who has to hear this shit at ass o'clock in the morning. 
As entertaining as this is, if we're talking about the person OP has described throughout this thread as being as zealous and insane as she is, I doubt it will ultimately achieve her goal. 
If her church is reinforcing these behaviors, then she's trapped in a feedback loop of bad ideas. I was going to suggest you maybe reach out to the congregation somehow, but looks like that's out.

Do you have any saner relatives who might be able to help in some way? Perhaps they could come over and have a polite conversation, or give you a place to stay for a bit while your mom works out some of her mental health issues (and I agree with the other guy, they are mental health issues indeed). 
I remember when I was younger I just thought he was some comedian. The "Bueller Bueller" guy and the guy who did that show where people won his money. 

Bummed he turned out to be the guy he actually is.
I have to admit, it's taking a special amount of credulity to believe this one. I know what sub I'm on, so obviously this did happen, but boy this one is difficult. It reads like anti-vaxxer porn, and even has the cliché "everyone clapped" at the end.

If there had been a pin drop, I might have said no, this is too much. But I'll resign myself to understanding that this totally happened. 
If you have to pee just pee on yourself for extra liquid warmth
On the contrary, I find it an interesting addition to the nightmarish hellscape I've carved out for my life including rampant insomnia, pointless weekday drinking and late night activities that most people do during the day. It really helps me keep things surreal. Go fitbit!
This is a regional thing. In America it's unheard of to use Whatsapp unless you're an international businessman, and people in my area have even given up texting for the most part in favor of Facebook Messenger. Even if someone doesn't use the main app, they still have the chat app here. 
I don't understand the fascination with this idea. Facebook chat has largely become its own beast, beyond the normal news feed and posts thing. Messenger is miles ahead of the regular Facebook app in terms of quality. Is there an actual problem here? 

The alternative is that chat is located within the bloated mess of the regular app. Is that really preferable to people? 
I mean, yeah. If I chose to make my life harder in that way, I could imperfectly surmount most of the issues. Sure. But I'd rather just not make my life harder in the first place.
Yes 
Yeah, it's no doubt pretty dorky and it has a "hey fellow kids, come get your Snapcamera features on our website" kind of vibe to it. But I totally understand why they'd do it anyway. 
Just one: my friends and family need to all mass migrate to another social network.
Snapchat isn't really some bastion of creativity and uniqueness, to the point where I am in any way upset at another app for snagging some of its features. Its sole "innovation" is the disappearing message/picture thing, which feels in retrospect like it was inevitable for someone to try. It's cool, but it's whatever. 
I don't really have "drama" in my social circle, though. My family is functional and my friends are a fairly mature bunch who tend to keep their dirty laundry private. You're projecting your experience onto mine. 
I fucking hate that shit. It's like the developers found the one feature that would most exacerbate my ADHD. 

But I can also totally see why some people love it, since you can bounce back and forth without all the app switching. 
Same, 99% of my interaction with the site is Messenger. The 1% is pretty important, though. I do want to have access to the main site/app for big announcements, event invites, etc. I'd never full-on deactivate the thing without good reason. 
Again, that's fine for sending them, but I don't think the app has support for viewing/playing them. So, this wouldn't fix the actual problem of being able to view and appreciate the shitty GIFs we send each other. 
To be fair, Snapchat streaks are a popular feature of that app with a certain segment of the user base. It makes complete business sense that Facebook would try to emulate that. 
It's a proportionally caloric bomb for what you get. 14 measly tablespoons and about 250 calories. 
In all seriousness, I think that this is probably the case for a lot of people who quit Facebook. No shade, it just seems to be the type of person who only had a few dozen friends on there in the first place, and doesn't really socialize much outside of their wife and family.

I say wife because I have never heard of a woman ever doing this. It seems to be entirely men. God, we can be such dorks.
That's nice for sending them but doesn't really solve the problem within the Lite app itself.

I suspect the reason we don't see this feature on it is because they're, well, trying to keep it lite. I don't fault it for that, I'm just not gonna use it.
Dear lord this is spot-on. I remember a close friend who quit AIM back in the day and tried to get everyone to download something called "Xfire" to chat with him. Lasted a week and we roasted him for it for years. Guys, don't be that guy. 
Quitting Facebook is removing oneself from the overwhelmingly predominant communication system of the current times.

This is viable for some people, but not even remotely viable for most. It's a common circle jerk on here and I'm not sure the people who have quit the platform fully grasp that what they are suggesting is considered rather ridiculous by the general population. 

If I left the site, I would immediately inconvenience myself and my entire social network, friends and family alike, adding an extra step to every communication with them. I would miss a lot of things I actually *want* to know about in between the admittedly somewhat boring minutiae (major life events like engagements, new children, etc.) I would stop getting invited to things since a lot of people I know use Facebook for event organizing. I would lose the greatest technological tool ever created for getting extremely useful details on someone of the opposite sex (relationship status, hobbies, etc.) And just on a reputation level among peers who unanimously use the site, I'd be "that guy". I don't want to be "that guy". 

Good on you guys if it works for you, but I'm not going without it based on some principle. 
It's ironic because GIFs actively make some of my conversations more silly and more shitpost-y, but it's one of the main features that makes me not want to switch over to Lite.
I would happily use it if it was big here. It is not. It is the opposite of big. The very, very few people I've talked to who actually have it here are people who internationally travel for business.

I'm not avoiding it out of stubbornness or anything. It's just pointless. 
Stop making decent points. This thread isn't going to turn into an anti Facebook circle jerk if you keep this up.
I'm not going to entirely avoid the primary communication method between all of my friends and family to "make a point". 
What's to stop the next gym from also having women, anyway? It's not like this would "solve the problem". Even from the perspective of the crazy girlfriend, it's a stupid bandaid solution. This whole thing is a mess.
Just "CNN", full stop? Not even "CNN coverage on Trump", just the entire thing?

Like, if they covered a natural disaster or a story about Radiohead or something, you'd call it bullshit automatically? 
For one fat person.

So in my case, yes, serving for one. 
I want to love 2018 more than 2017 but this is kind of the first big meme I'm seeing and I'm not sure I can. 
Fans don't air condition. They just fan the air. They actually make the room hotter overall but because of how they work, it feels cooler when one is blowing directly on you. 
I guess they're all blimps.
ELI5 why you wouldn't just play Fallout 3? 
*That* explains why I was able to rock a size six skinny jeans from Old Navy during my emo high school days.
plz send gallon of coffee thx
For a split second my tired brain thought this was a Pokemon Go screenshot and that they had maybe implemented horde encounters or something, and that the user in question was playing with the AR mode activated underwater, and then I realized I needed some caffeine.
I think it's more for people who aren't familiar with the person's overall worldview. Like, "just a fair warning, their tweets aren't all winners, but this one stood out".
Yeah, but how is content related to H3H3 *related to H3H3?* You're making it really hard to arbitrarily gatekeep, dude.
I am absolutely jealous of the Paul brothers' money-making but that has nothing to do with why I think they're garbage.
Boy, we've really divorced ourselves from the meaning of flip-flopping. This is supposed to be when a politician goes back and forth on an issue for easy talking points or to appease fickle constituents. It's not just something you say when anyone changes their mind on something for any reason.
So in other words, it's okay to change your mind, but not if it helps with your career...?
Really? It seems pretty easily understandable to me. They're indicating distance from the person's other views in general, but conceding that this was a good point. 
"Wait for it... wait for it... okay, he crossed! Hey guy, we noticed you're crossing over illegally. Let me snap a photo, and there's your driver's license. Enjoy your business tax free for seven years, and we'll give you a house and free health care and you can go to college and stuff."

You're telling me that *doesn't* happen?
It's probably the most common topic by a mile in the last six months.
He just looks like a guy dressed as a baby with a sign that makes it seem like this is some sort of weird performance art.
UPDATE: My fucking stomach what the fuck did I do
I'd do it but I *really* don't enjoy eating like this.
There was hot sauce. Trust me. There is always hot sauce.
Yeah, this seems pretty farfetch'd to me. I'm calling shenanigans.
...they do? Every day? I can't imagine that's a common topic...?
You're directing this at the wrong person, it was his deal yo.
Yeah mate it eventually got out, but he was haunted by the demon of the smell.
Okay, so I can answer the second question. I had a roommate in a three-bedroom suite back when I was in the college dorms. He had a friend stay over, get drunk as fuck, and pee all over the room. 

He vacuumed for days and wiped the shit out of everything for hours and hours. But it took him a *long-ass* time to get it out. He actually moved to another suite because the smell never seemed to leave the room.

I guess it might depend on the carpet, but that stuff really maintained a presence, man.
Guy is half awake and thinks he has made it to the toilet in his half dreaming state, but hasn't actually. Is peeing on wall IRL. Sister notices, blackmails.
Well, no, that's just silly. The actual answer is a difference in anatomy. Having a penis makes it a lot easier to be more discreet when urinating in public. People can still spot the stream depending on the situation, but as a guy you can just quietly whip it out and keep your pants on.

There's just no way to do it as discreetly with a vagina. 
Depends. Try it.
That he doesn't know the reference 
She's really starting to get up there, so give grandma some grace.
Seeing that fat lesbian guy with his purple hat and ridiculous sunglasses give hot takes on issues seeped in eight levels of irony is honestly really enjoyable, and I have absolutely no idea where it came from. He started out as some weird "MLG parody" guy, then Leafy 2, and now he's found a great little niche.
Double bonus points for setting me up in the back just right next to the cheese cart
Back when my mom worked for the airlines we got international first class for a fraction of the cost once. Had pretty much a lounge to ourselves. I was too young to appreciate how dope the food was but I look back on pictures from the journal I kept and I'm like "aw yeah that's some good shit" 
> Major news from frequent collaborator and guest on H3 videos, as well as someone with a shitload of crossover fans
IMHO, Pyrocynical of all people has been killing it lately with that kind of content.
You're at the bottom shelf of the comments. You're gonna find people down here who won't even believe it until they see Trump straight up in jail.
Don't get me wrong, I love shitty quesaritos and endless shrimp, but we aren't talking about a group of culinary experts here.
As far as I'm concerned, this is proof that it's possible mine didn't either. So I'm going with that. 
I mean, it sounds like a dollar store set of measuring cups is gonna be your best friend, dawg. Get on that shit. It'll change your life. 
Hell is too good for her.
I consider myself a hardened internet denizen, almost impervious to any link. But yeah, kitten death links are staying blue. 
Speaking of Sonic, I know enough about CWC and Sonichu that I could have probably a half hour conversation with someone about it. Which I hate that I could do.
It's not necessarily a logical case-by-case thing, but more of a "scorched earth" policy where they don't even want to come across as remotely okay with it in any way. It's just kind of how Germans are, and given their history, it's not incomprehensible. 
Probably an imaginary group of parents they have in their heads that make them feel the need to be more cautious. Like it or not, they still have an image as the "kid-friendly" or "family-friendly" game company. 
I get why the developer did that and don't consider it censorship.

But I also think it would be fair of them to reasonably expect the consumer to understand a *very* Japanese game will have some cultural differences, and that, you know, they're probably not endorsing the fucking Klan of all groups in that situation. 

It shouldn't be necessary IMHO (though it's understandable that they made a "cover our asses" call). 
Nigger. This specific word has such a lengthy history and social stigma attached to it that it just simply does occupy a unique place in our lexicon. By even using it at all in my post, it adds some dark gravity to it. Look at it. Do you enjoy seeing it? Even though everyone knows I'm absolutely using it referentially, and not as an insult, it's just extremely unpleasant. There's so much going on behind the term itself. It calls to mind hundreds of years of probably the *worst* of human bigotry. 

It's one of those things that you can argue about all day, but it doesn't really matter; people are going to have an emotional and visceral response to this. Hell, I wouldn't even say you're "wrong" per se, but the intellectual argument just doesn't matter much in this case. 

"The n-word" or "n****r" or one of many euphemisms and censorings is a compromise many people find necessary to deal with this issue. 

It's just one of those things that is a uniquely American problem. I don't see any way around it, even if people ultimately agree with you.

Southern Californian mayo cracker here. Flaming hot Cheetos are cute, and I do enjoy them for flavor, but they're beginner tier. If I want something that's actually going to give an immediate kick, I'll grab some Takis or something. 
I am so used to the numbers on a clock face being correct that I didn't even look at them at first. This is crappy design for the thinking man and apparently I am not one of them.
You *can*, it's just awkward lol
I am reasonably well endowed and no they don't. They *can* if it's a small toilet and you're not paying attention, but any man who's ever had the misfortune of having to use a public restroom (basically all of us) will go out of their way to avoid this. It's disgusting. 
Well, I mean, yeah if you have tangible evidence that some drunk asshole is slapping his dick around on the inside of the toilet bowl... Maybe don't go down on him. Okay, fine.

But the vast majority of us will actually go out of our way to avoid dippage/touching. We think it's just as gross. 
Sometimes I think we complain a bit too much about the young teenage crowd on reddit. This isn't one of those times. 
Most people don't. 

I have no clue who you are, and you're probably wearing clothes 99% of the day so people don't really have this for "reference" when deciding if they want to hook up with you or not. But the vast majority of people end up having sex at least a few times, if not hundreds of times over the years.

You're probably in the clear. Just give it time. 
You're talking about a voting bloc that considers Taco Bell "exotic", mate. 
No, we still very much need men as long as women are sexually attracted to them and interested in fucking them
You don't even have to do the things that are "stereotypically gay". Some people are just going to assume that about others. I'm a pretty typical guy-guy and I *still* get the occasional assumption.

A lot of people are just bored and looking for something to theorize about. Or they're latent and uncomfortable with it.
We're kind of all over the place, to be honest. Grams, ounces, gallons, liters, and so on.
I don't think anyone is drinking vodka for its... uh, hydration potential though.
https://starizona.com/acb/basics/faq.aspx

Really isn't unrealistic.
You'd think someone you're paying for a service wouldn't suddenly veer into fringe political views that might offend the customer during a highly intimate exchange in a confined area.
I'm getting an on-the-spectrum vibe. No shade, just an observation. If that's true, OP, no worries, but try to be mindful of your phrasing and your choices in sharing information with people. 
Thing is, you don't even need to use the news to find this stuff out, so supposedly "fake news" isn't really a concern. I go right to the sources: actual approval rating polls themselves, and the guy's Twitter account.

(Amazingly, I somehow *still* get accused by some people that I'm pulling from biased sources about Trump despite this.) 
Man, say what you will about the last several presidents, but at least they used tact and decorum. This is currently a whole new class of classlessness. "Twitter meltdowns" and the like. 
Impeachment is not strategic. It is a legal process. If we wish for the law to be taken even remotely seriously, we must follow it when a president has committed an impeachable offense. 

The fact that Pence may be unfavorable to Democrats is completely irrelevant. We are not supposed to selectively uphold the law just because someone might potentially suffer from applying it.
You can get off-brand ones for a few bucks. Probably not worth it just to "have the official one".
That's their whole shtick. 99% of what they post could be refuted with an obvious "Okay, but that's not really the point" response, but the group has already circle jerked itself to completion by then. 
What does private property have to do with national borders? 
Ah, the Dorothy Everytime Smurf Girl Trophy for Excellence in Female Stuff.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheyChangedItNowItSucks
It's sort of a representation of his current state. At the beginning of his tenure, it was short and cropped, brusque like the man himself. Over time, he became an "aging rockstar" type, with hair to reflect that. And now, at the end, he's just something of a madman with a floppy mop. It works.
Both at the same time?
The TV Tropes veteran inside of me finds it obnoxious that he doesn't just immediately say, "I am one of your future regeneration" and explain the situation. The Doctor Who fan inside of me, however, is glad to give them some leeway in this department for the sake of a few gags.
I suspect, in-universe, the Doctor secretly enjoys blowing it up. 
> the single worst episode I have ever watched

Honestly, to each his own, but this seems like rather absurd hyperbole. We're talking about a relatively plot-light, slow-paced episode that was shot well and scored well. There is absolutely no way it will go down in Doctor Who history as "the worst episode".
https://youtu.be/X4i2dTAPxWY
Okay, yeah. A lot of the other games on this list are "teehee cult classics with a few flaws". But this one I actually understand. Good on you for enjoying it, everyone should do their thing, but this game fucking *sucks*.

I have returned exactly one title in my life. It was this one. It requires a ton of hacks to get rid of all the terrible decision choices and be even remotely enjoyable.

Fuck this game with a rake. And great answer. 
For all the shit they seem to get, sites like Snopes and Politifact remain useful to me over the years. They do their homework and list sources as necessary for disputed claims. I've seen some criticism of them, but it tends to be from people who are inconvenienced by their fact-checking, rather than any real "scathing critique" of the sites as a whole.

That being said, I've developed a pretty keen eye for obvious satire/joke news sites, and I don't really bother with any conversation as to the validity of such information. 
My grandma texts me on almost a weekly basis now to talk shit on Trump. It's glorious. I don't know what I did to deserve a grandma who actually pays attention and doesn't just lap up Fox News like a cat drinks milk.
Matter of perspective, m8. I'm sure living in Cuba has its egregious downsides, I'm just saying a job where you fish sounds peaceful. 
Yeah, but I think you're missing a critical point: This was probably staged by OP. You're giving valid advice... but for someone who actually experienced this.
All sharts are also an embarrassment DoT, that immediately stacks 20 times over if anyone else notices.

Source: Knew a guy on the high school wrestling team. Sat next to him when he took a gamble on a fart and lost. He never quite lived it down. Every time I see him in town, the moment we lock eyes, he knows that I know, and I know that he knows that I know: "Shart Boy".

If you do pretty much anything in GTA V, it has a relevant effect, even stuff you wouldn't even think the developers would bother including. Pretty amazing, honestly.
"Things I would never tell anyone, ever, for any reason"
You get more accustomed over time, but it still sounds "off" since it doesn't sound the same as it does inside your head.
I make stupid little YouTube videos with a lot of voice commentary and I'm still getting used to it. The first time I heard myself I straight up gave up for a week and wondered how I even had friends.
It kind of blows my mind that people can just be "fishermen". Like, that's their job, go catch some fish. I wish my life was that simple, honestly. I don't even like fish but that sounds very peaceful.
Your comment implied people dislike Phil for the same reason, being his looks. But he doesn't have a particularly unusual appearance.
I think he is both very underrated and very overrated. His stuff doesn't seem to deserve anywhere near the amount of hate it gets, but I'm also not overly impressed with it. It's, IMHO, average and fairly unobjectionable YouTube content.
It's an extremely outlandish thing to say in the context of the world of mundane paper sales? This is the definition of humor, something very unexpected in the situation. 
Protip: *Don't* google this term. Goddamn. 
I honestly had no idea someone could be *that* out of touch with internet culture.
People's opinions of this movie seem to be an oddly unique trainwreck of thinking. 
Before episode VII came out I found it interesting as a franchise people absolutely adored in general on a level I've never quite seen elsewhere... but, also, vehemently hated an entire half of it.
There's wearing your letterman jacket because it works as a jacket, and there's wearing it to get people to notice you're wearing it. Nine times out of ten it's easy to tell which one someone is doing. 
I know I'm preaching to the choir here but five bucks says the average person of this type cannot even name one "antifa member". 
Press F to lesbian smoke out
People sometimes recommend giving a small portion as a "getting them to shut the fuck up about it already" option available to OP in a lot of these kinds of posts. 

It's a bandaid solution but it may be preferable depending on their family situation. 
If you put this on repeat and actually watch it 30 times in a row, you'll get the apathy in question
See, any time absolutely terrible shirts or posters show up on this sub, I want all of them. I too am curious if they make a men's version. I would absolutely wear this if so
This makes sense if you just like frozen bananas with toppings. But at that point it's kind of lost its "guilt free ice cream" status lol
So as great as Arrested Development is, we're talking about ~150 years in the future, and chances are barely anyone will have even heard of the show in order to not understand the joke.
This game is great at doing what it does, but it is a very specific kind of title. If you're into development/production style games, you will probably find a lot to like about it. 

Personally, I played through it for several hours and something just didn't click with me. I enjoyed dunkey's LP of it far more than I enjoyed the actual game. 
...wait, who? 


Oh god, sitting there jerking my little ding dong for an entire 45 minutes sounds *dreadful*
Guy, they're talking about the progressive PR attitude of some of these sites, not of the act of masturbating to pornography. Come on, guy.
I still think his pronunciation of that term was one of his best gags. No one seems to remember it, though.
It's a meme at the moment, which means "someone started posting about it and then others started posting about it too and it just kind of blew up for no real reason".
Come on, man. Transitioning should be a little easier than that. You're asking me to give up *way* too much.
What about everything? You can always say "what about" in any situation. What about what about. Do you have any actual evidence that the Pope is trying to cover up sex scandals?
I mean, Christianity is an absolutely massive religious group. Like, a third of the population. Many of these individuals do indeed care about what is or isn't considered "sin". This is a common concept in the lives of billions of people and shouldn't be hard to imagine as being relevant to them.
Goalposts successfully moved, I guess...? What are you even trying to accomplish here?
"Hillary/Obama collusion" hahahahahahaha my fucking sides hahahaha

Why would anyone even

Why
Not really my thing, but I imagine this is the true test of the fetish. Like, watching a Pornhub video on the subject? That might just mean you like watching babes get fucked. But if you're deep in the trenches of real amateur content and stories, then it might be a legit fetish for you.
I'm sure there are a lot of variations. In my experience, the people I hear about doing this tend to request some form of "content" from the girls; they want to hear about them spending it on luxury items and expensive trips and such.

Although now I'm wondering if there's anyone who gets off from a girl being like, "Mmm, yeah, I paid rent this month. I was so bad, I bought groceries and got a haircut at the mall." 
There's definitely a social norms element to it, I agree. And I think someone could definitely experience that freakout even if they had never consumed any related pornography of the subject.

However, I really do think porn related to this type of fetish is twisting people's brains a bit. I don't mean that in a Christian crusader sense, but in a " just be mindful of your viewing habits so they don't get you into situations you regret" sense.

Like, let's generalize a bit for a second. Take any fetish that you aren't immediately repulsed by, not just this one. Toss up a Pornhub video about it, masturbate, orgasm. Repeat the process with different videos of the subject over time.

I feel like eventually you'd become very accustomed to it, and perhaps even find yourself enjoying it specifically. The scenarios are being acted out in a safe venue by attractive actresses that are pretending to enjoy the situation more than they actually are. And there's no short term downside, since none of it actually happened in real life. 

You'd start to associate "this fetish" with "good" over time, right? Or at least you *might*. Meanwhile, in reality you might not actually want your real life wife to, you know, sit in front of you and get fucked by someone else while she days degrading things to you.

I think people ought to consider the question, "Am I actually into this, or am I into watching hot babes depict this in a way that I do not have to worry about after I orgasm?" 


Have you bothered to look into the demographics? Don't take my word for it. There have been numerous studies done. You can see for yourself.
Haven't tried it yet. I do like wine, but I think I'd have to import it directly from Australia.
>No one should be making Harlem Shake videos in ~~2017~~ since the moment corporate America started posting them anyways.

FTFY

2017 is already years too late to the "too late" party.
If the courts have a case that results in an outcome which is technically correct, but highlights a glaring inadequacy in the current laws, this can inspire legislation to correct this problem.
Regulatory bodies are morally obligated to act in the public interest. The entire purpose of government is to help society stay organized and such on behalf of its citizens. If the FCC can just straight up ignore the overwhelming majority of its citizens, it no longer represents said people, and should be dissolved and replaced.
They are functionally the same thing. If the next step in an investigation requires cooperation in terms of handing over important documents/information to law enforcement, and they refuse to do so, this blocks the investigation from proceeding.
> It's not a Right 

You should know that public opinion has long since begun to embrace the idea that it is, indeed, a right one ought to now have in modern society.

Declaring it is not a right would now require an actual defense of said declaration. So, what is yours?
What are you even trying to troll here...?
Pigeonholing reddit as a whole is a little foolish no matter how one does it.

That being said, the demographics of redditors *certainly* do not skew in the direction you're suggesting at all. 
Oh, it's the "tired guy". There's one in every thread about everything. "Can we stop talking about this already?"

Like, I get it, there's been a lot of posts about this subject, but there are actual current events happening right now in relation to it. The fuck you expect, bud?
Cool, wanna come help? Because this may have been the single least popular agency move of all time, and thousands and thousands of us did what we could to express extreme disapproval. There isn't much else we can do until 2018 during the midterms. 
The existence of a middleman does not mean they aren't beholden to the interests of the public. Indirectly, we elect representatives who are morally obligated to appoint ideologically compatible agency leaders. 

If I vote for Candidate A, I expect them to appoint an agency leader whose values are the same as or similar to their own.
There are actually a variety of associated categories, from outright cheating to cuckoldry to hotwives to swingers, etc.
Remember this clusterfuck? https://grrrgraphics.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/guide-to-deep-state-swamp-ben-garrison.jpg
Don't forget the very generous, for lack of a better term, portrayal of Trump. 
The problem I'm having here is that it seems fabricated, though. Like, I'm sure some women who participate in this are just using it as an excuse to be able to fuck around, but I can't imagine that's commonly the case; these are situations that otherwise wouldn't be happening. She's not actually "unable to resist". She's just acting like it.
Hotwife = glorified open relationship with an emphasis on the partner being hot and wanted by many others. You're not getting emotionally battered.

To me, that's a lot more understandable than the humiliation stuff.
Just a heads up, this comic *might* convince a few people who were on the fence about it, but for the majority of folks who wouldn't touch the fetish with a ten foot pole, I guarantee you this won't help.
You can put your hand on them and they feel nice and soft. Much like butts and boobs and such. IMHO this is an easy one to understand.
I have some theories about this one. And they might be totally wrong. 

1. It could be a sort of "rush" for someone who's normally a straight-laced, frugal business type to be reckless and irresponsible with their money in controlled bursts. 
2. They get some enjoyment being able to spend their time talking to/interacting with a woman who, in general, is the type that would never give them a second glance otherwise.
Sup Tobias?
I cannot even begin to understand this particular fetish, although to its credit it is also completely inoffensive to me. Like, I have absolutely no issue saying "you do you" to this one, as weird as it sounds to me.
...but that doesn't have a D in it either...

EDIT: As in, a D in the expected place for this to make sense. Thought that was obvious. I am of course aware that there is an unrelated D later in the brand name.
Well, people don't exactly carry around actual red flags, so this may be OP's significant other's way of subtly warning people that they're going to die.
IMHO, the single storage tub is the acceptable limit. I feel like just by owning and purchasing electronics over time, you inevitably start to accumulate some odds and ends. If you can't fit it in one tub and you're not actively working on it (as in, you've done *real* work on it in the last week), then you're becoming "that guy", though.
The chess chicks are all babes for some reason
Note: this also applies to the "guy fucks my wife" types of porn that seem to be on the rise. I've seen multiple posts on reddit over the years where someone noped the fuck out when they actually gave it a shot and *immediately* realized it was a bad call. 
Even if I can intellectually understand it to some degree, I just feel like the moment I experienced large physical dick damage/pain, I would go into emergency survival mode and probably go limp immediately.

Like, of all the things that can take me out of the moment, this seems like it'd be the number one thing. 
This makes me really uncomfortable for some reason
The fact that *Filthy Frank* of all people actually set the Harlem Shake trend in motion is perhaps the most bizarre pop culture fact I'm aware of, and it's amusing to remember literally every time I'm reminded of it.
Not quite an escort mission, but Assassin's Creed frequently has "walk and talk" segments that are notorious for this. They had a great solution in AC: Revelations where, if you pressed nothing, Ezio would walk alongside them at their pace.

Then they removed it for all future games. *WHY?*
She *can* die, but you don't really have to babysit her. The problem with a lot of escort missions is, IMHO, the ridiculous babysitting.
Seems to be a rule of thumb. Escort missions where the NPC is the escort suck. Escort missions where *you're* the escort tend to just be useful.
Guy just spent all of his luck on the RNG of funny coincidences. Shame he cashed it in so young.
I don't know why, but the idea of them going to church after makes this *so much worse* in my head.

I'm not religious anymore, but it makes me wonder how many people in the congregation of the church I went to had a dark side like this, and would just show up on Sunday pretending they weren't evil incarnate. Makes me kind of sick to think about. 
Still can't even begin to understand that one. Trump is one of the most hated presidents ever. If there was even one photo of him with any of these women, they would be found. This was legendary level stupid even for him. 
Whoa, this comment section is already a graveyard.

Guys, this is /r/skeptic. I know anti-GMO attitudes are popular, but I'm on here for a discussion that's supposed to be a cut above the rest. Let's discuss this topic with due rational diligence like any other. 
Still awaiting those juicy Monsanto paychecks. Until then, let's not randomly make this topic the one we don't apply skepticism to out of nowhere. 
I mean he has a loving fiancee 
H3 is always on here, man. 
Bud, you watch any of his other videos? Dunkey loves him some sexxxx. If he found this excessive, that actually says something. 
It's also not a serious, coherent review and wasn't trying to be. It's dunkey. He's a comedian. Relying on his videos for *actual* purchasing advice would be like choosing what movies to watch based on CinemaSins.
That's just his video style. Even with games he obviously adores, he'll go out of his way to poke fun at them. 
There's a market for it. Some people really dig the overwhelming amount of options. I cannot imagine feeling the same way, but they sell.
I'm not, like, "offended" or anything but it does make the game harder to take seriously. 

It'd be like if one of the male characters had just a fucking *massive* bulge that was flopping around in every scene with movement. You kind of throw out the potential for effective drama at that point. 
If you watch his videos in general, he specifically goes out of his way to find goofy, glitchy, or obnoxious things in pretty much all the games he covers, regardless of overall quality.

You can sort of infer his opinion on the game anyway (fun but flawed), but "comedy first" is his entire shtick.
When *dunkey* of all people finds the sexualization to be a bit excessive, I feel like that says something.
Oh, this individual is, you know, probably a racist. I hate playing that card, but if you look through the other stuff they're saying, it's quite clear that they're being purposefully obtuse. Call a spade a spade.
Time and a place, dude and this wasn't it
Even if it was all true, we're talking about giving a historically oppressed, if not wholesale slaughtered group of people a bit of a break for a while. *Oh no such bad*
There are a decent amount of games that I could justify buying for an actual price on mobile if they were a cross-purchase. As in, games I can swap between playing on my phone and my computer, with cloud saves enabled.
To be completely honest with you, I would seriously reconsider my intended vote for someone if it came out that they were flagrantly disrespectful of the sanctity of other people's marriages and did stuff like this.

It would make me question their integrity and overall character. I'm not sure it would necessarily change my vote in the end, but it would make me very uncomfortable. 
That's actually the one thing that has never made much sense to me. Trump is a buffoon. I wonder why he chose that guy. There are plenty of more savvy candidates who would have handled this more professionally. 
That's fine for you, but the customer support is there to cover their asses. Legally speaking they are required to provide it to some extent. It's not for the savvy individual who can just look stuff up online.
I mean, I can't really speculate on their internal development process at all. I have absolutely no idea.
Hacked solution where you're on your own is not the same as an official release with an implied expectation of technical support. They are absolutely doing some work.
Incoming article about him being caught with a prostitute in a motel in 3... 2...
I dunno, I hear about this all the time. Some guy will be sitting around with his husband, and then suddenly decides, "I would like multiple wives. I am also now curious about horses. This is due to my gay marriage."

That's what this cretin actually thinks.
Crystal is definitely a nostalgia thing for me. I snagged a Japanese copy of it from an import shop in Hawaii when it first came out, and ended up being the talk of the town amongst friends at school. It didn't really matter to me that it was an enhanced version. It was more Pokémon. And that was good.
Just a heads up, they have definitively confirmed that elusive targets are timed content that will not be permanent. 
They had an update which allows offline use of collected online items. If your setup doesn't include regular internet access, you can just download a save file that has the online items unlocked for offline usage. 
They must not like views and clicks.
SSX Tricky is a beacon of my childhood nostalgia. SSX 3 is probably an objectively better game, and I love it as well, but Tricky very vividly brings me back to afternoons on the couch with friends, trying to outscore each other and inadvertently developing a terrible soda habit.
I remember ICS was the first time I thought Android actually looked slick, even though it seems comparatively ancient now. Good times. 
My interpretation was that it was a golf movie that got *really* out of hand.
We'll see who brings in more honey! 
Okay, now, why is that somehow "bad"? I'm looking all over this thread for an answer, and fuck all anyone is actually thinking this through. Try, mate.
Just because you typed that out doesn't mean it contributes any logical value to the thread, though. Why are they a "tool" because they got a small amount of social capital for a good deed?

No, really. Please actually think about this. Try to give a real answer. No one ever does.
It also doesn't make any sense. People are saying "I think less of them." Okay, why? 

It's one of those things kind of like "If someone has a lot of sex partners, they're a slut, and that's bad." In a million years you'll never find someone who can explain *why* it's bad. They just think it's bad.

"Oh well if they actually wanted to help, they wouldn't brag about it." Why? What *actually* changes? I've never gotten a satisfactory, non circular answer to this. Ever. 

No one bothers to evaluate why they think these things. People are just being arbitrarily judged. It's silly. At best.
I looked it up in the state code, and it would appear that Moore can order a recount out of his own pocket.

I'd suggest he doesn't, to take whatever dignity remains and keep it intact. 
I get why people go for that, but I choose not to because I also don't want to encourage them to double charge me just because I don't want ads. I think it sets a terrible standard for the industry. 

Netflix has shown us that television doesn't need to be *that* expensive compared to cable; IMHO, creeping back upward (beyond normal inflation) is the wrong choice. 
I have the money for Hulu. I have the hypothetical motivation to watch some of its shows. And I'm aware that my single choice doesn't make much of a difference.

But, predominantly because I still have to watch ads despite paying, I don't do Hulu.

Technically it's a better situation than cable, but I've had Netflix ad free for at least half a decade. I have no interest in promoting their reintroduction. 
This is going to be really inconvenient for that guy's ability to feel smugly superior to people, though.
Hey, no no no. You're supposed to feel bad for having a hobby! No one could ever be employed and still participate in a group activity. 
It doesn't actually surprise them. It's just easy to say, "Wait, people still play this popular game that kind of fell off after a while and I no longer play myself?" and get free karma, because a lot of people had that same experience. The guy you're responding to is farming internet points.
Damn, can't listen to my Jock Jams CD anymore without feeling a little strange now... 
I remember making a fake card for Purity and she put it on Sugarshock (her website) and I felt a ton of nerd community pride. I was, like, 11 or something. Good times.
My least favorite is when someone says something admittedly geeky or technology related but easily understandable to anyone who's used a computer for a while (like "you need to configure your router and choose a name for your SSID")

and then they're like "***UH... IN ENGLISH, PLEASE!!!"*** as if it was utterly incomprehensible to anyone who doesn't wear dorky glasses and work as a coder for Microsoft or whatever.
Oh, it's from this game show. Look up "how can she slap". It's really stupid and unrelated, I just enjoy the ohrase.
On the other hand, Kim is the latest in a line of totalitarian dictators running a forced cult of personality and actively oppressing his own people, sending them off to hard labor for menial "crimes" and allowing the regions outside of Pyongyang to starve while he stuffs his fat ass alongside his cronies every single day.

It's preferable that he can speak with some professionalism but let's not give the guy too much leeway here.
>RepubliKlan

Can we not? This makes the sub look like a bunch of edgy 14 year olds.
I suspect this is a troll post. 

Not only did she *obviously* not look like that when the alleged assault occurred, but he wouldn't have been married to Melania at the time.

There are people dumb enough to spread this genuinely, but it seems like bait.
Keep in mind you're on a sub that exposes you to a lot of really seedy stuff that the majority of the population will never even encounter.

It is completely understandable that someone wouldn't guess "Nazi propaganda" from this statement alone, because they have no context for any of it. Some guy named Dave who works at the mall information kiosk and doesn't really get into the dark corners of the internet would just look at this picture and think, "Uh... Yes? I guess?" 

Arguably, the fact that they wouldn't guess Nazism is what makes it so sneaky.
How can you slap?! 
Pokemon Aaah with Nick15?
Bear in mind that behind every "I deleted Facebook in 2011 and it was literally the best thing I've ever done in my entire life omg I'm gonna cum" story on here, there's usually a person who had a severe addiction to the site.

You're never going to see someone be, like, "Yeah, I had a healthy relationship with the site. I'd go on for maybe a half hour a day, sometimes a little more if there was something interesting going on. I used it just to keep in contact with people, maybe see what was going on. Oh yeah and then *I deleted that shit because it was ruining my life.*"
I mean, people could also just... like... not take Facebook so seriously. 

It is a tool for communication, and while the shareholders probably want you to sit on it idly for hours on end, you can easily decide you only want to use it for active purposes.

Go on when you have specific business to take care of, like messaging a friend or checking to see updates on a friend's new kid or something, then close the app/tab. If you catch yourself idly scrolling after, stop and move on to something else. 

People did this with email back in the day, too. 
Yep. I know there's a small percentage of people on here who love to delete Facebook and then make a post saying it was the "best thing they've ever done", and then go upvote the people who did that. And, you know, cool. You do you. 

But this is the equivalent of not having a home phone when that was the main way people talked to each other. Or not having a mailing address when it was letters.

If you insist on being "that guy", people are going to treat you like that guy. 
I think posting Turning Point is kind of cheating at this point, tbh.
I mean, this is from early Xbox 360 days. This is a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost.
Just call it "Fuck You, Customer"
"Slurry" is the least appetizing word in the dictionary.
I don't care about his dumbass opinions on daytime TV. Guy is the president. He needs to *go to work* already. 
"Finally a good Christian man in office!" I see this literally *all* the time on Facebook. All the time. 
I probably wouldn't have put it exactly how they did, but low-information vaguely middle class white protestant voters are a large and problematic voting bloc with unique issues like this. 
Follow the melanin. 
They have a deal with the mods here where they can advertise it in a post, but only once a year. 
Just ask for no ketchup, raw sauce. 
Wasn't there a scene in Frasier where the coffee shop tried this, and it shows why it's a bad idea? 
The cinematography is still top notch, the actors are great, and the dialogue nails that late 90s working class male rage. The scene I was referencing even transcends the era and is, IMHO, a defining critique of modern corporate America as a whole. 

It's hard to really describe what hasn't aged too well about it without getting into the era it was describing at large. Around the late 90s we started to see a lot of people making awkward transitions into adulthood, coming from broken homes with abusive or absentee fathers. The American dream was starting to feel like a lie. The rage that arose from that era is a central theme in the book and the movie.

While it thus remains an excellent sort of unintentional period piece, I feel like we kind of look back on this Gen-X angst as a little raw and unsophisticated. Metaphors were being dropped with the subtlety of an anvil. "My job sucks and I'm seeing too many advertisements and I'm unsure about my identity." Okay, sure. Those are still real problems, but they feel like sort of a given now, where they may have sounded more profound at the time. It's communicating the obvious.

I shrug at the message today, where my teenage self used to be like "hell yeah dude working class revolt let's do this". In that sense, my criticism of the movie is a criticism of my younger self's naivete too. 
Hm, it kinda does, actually.

So it'd be an epilepsy analogue, except without even the nominal relief of an explanation, ever. 
I dunno. Times are tough, man. A lot of job industries are going the way of the dodo, newer generations are struggling to figure out a way to pay the bills, and we're needing to bail a *lot* of companies out these days.

The incentives not to donate to charity are massive at the moment, but a lot of charitable causes remain super important.

Do we really want to discourage someone from being charitable right now? Is it really *that* big of a deal if they mention the number? Screw sincerity gatekeeping, at least they donated.


People get the help they need. Someone gets a high five or something. *Pure evil! This must be stopped!*
Fight Club hasn't aged too gracefully in some areas, but in this one it was absurdly spot-on. 
You can see a little bit of genuine smile in his goof more like, lol. 
No joke. Everyone's face shape is a little different. The right glasses style can entirely transform your face. 
Not in the tall, dark and cliché kind of way, but I'm sure he's not without his charm when he isn't making all those faces. 
America simply does tend have a largely different attitude toward this kind of stuff, and saying that it doesn't is not a good argument against it. 

I wouldn't disagree that, in recent decades with the rise of globalism and the internet, a small but increasing amount of Americans are starting to break from the norms here. Hell, I'm personally one of those who think we could benefit from some more European style labor laws. Not all, but some, sure. 

But there is a *very* strong national identity of the country that remains in the vast majority of citizens. The "American dream" is a unique concept of earning one's success through hard work. And it is deeply flawed. But it's big and it isn't going anywhere for a while, because we are a stubborn country if nothing else. 

This is complicated with ideas of "American exceptionalism", the deep stigma of social welfare programs, the American metaphor of "pulling oneself up by one's bootstraps" (don't get me started on that one's flaws, but I digress), and so on. 

Hell, a lot of us would be deeply suspicious of attempts to make things "more European" because of a combination of xenophobic and anti-socialist attitudes here. A lot of people here dislike practically *any*thing in labor law (aside from maybe child labor restrictions and stuff) suggesting even a hint of socialism.

Mind you, I'm not saying any of this is a "good" thing. I'm saying I do not believe it is likely to change, especially any time soon. 
America is a bit of a weird place. I know that might seem unsatisfactory, but attitudes here toward worker rights are *very* different than, say, Europe. Whether or not OP's idea is realistic, I'm not sure we can necessarily compare France to America in this way.
Food is a hell of a drug
Joking aside, the fupa is actually a recent development. Look, this was 2013: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIkO1eWFbuo
I think within the wider scope of the Who universe, there would actually be a *lot* of potential situations in which Donna would feasibly be at risk to remember the Doctor. He shows up in the UK a hell of a lot over various incarnations. Earth is always getting invaded. And so on. Remember we're talking about the *slightest* reminder. 

The implications here suggest that she's actually rather cursed. Chances are her life will be filled with dozens of unexplained moments where she literally *freaks the fuck out* until her brain forcibly makes her faint. Then she has amnesia, to boot. 

This will cause her, her family and her husband/possible future kids significant struggles. Her doctors will probably be incredibly confused, because this is not a natural human phenomenon. She will spend decades of her life being unable to figure out why she has these episodes. And hell, if anyone in her life *does* piece together a pattern of "Oh, these are doctor-related incidents", sharing it with her risks an immediate activation yet again, so no one can ever explain this to her. 

I actually believe the logical conclusion of this failsafe is probably a gradually increasing level of paranoid insanity until she dies in the corner of some padded cell, screaming until her voice finally gives out and she withers away. 
... And?

What you have just described is, you know, the basic principle of actors acting. They are being paid to act in a certain fashion in filmed or otherwise audience-observed circumstances. It is never assumed by the audience that the actor in question also felt the same in reality as the way they are acting on scene. 

In order to run with this claim, you'll need to throw out the entirety of television, film and live theater in the process. You sure about that one? 
Let me masturbate to elaborate fantasies involving HerculesKabuterimon in peace, dammit. 
Hold on, I'll get back to you on that. My mental gymnastics class doesn't start until 2pm.
Who masturbates all the time, though? If someone is a porn addict, they should seek help. But it's not like most people are just sitting around jizzing all day. 
There are actually lot of half truths and misleading but technically true claims. Thing is you'd have to include so many asterisks to make it reasonable, that the whole thing is just stupid. 
I mean, it might affect it in some rather innocuous ways for some people. Like, "Oh, turns out I like pornography that maintains an amateur vibe" or something. Which, who cares? That sounds fine. "Oh no, genre preferences!"...? 
Watch them add a new flap now. "Porn causes logical problem for this entire bulletin! See, porn is bad!" 
/r/nothingeverhappens

Studies tend to show that the amount of people in a relationship at any time is around half-ish of the population. Not really worth skepticism when someone mentions their partner in passing. 
With that flair, we know you're going to anyway, Angela. 
I mean, you're kind of just saying "people might not exercise reasonable precautions and they should keep in mind that entertainment is fictional", which is good advice but not really specific to porn. People get the wrong impression about sex and relationships from pop music and sitcoms too. The fact that there be tiddy bress doesn't make this unique, IMHO. 
"You wouldn't download a marijuana." 
Okay, so do a Google search for the 2011 event being described in the wiki and verify it. Don't just be like "Hurr durr Wikipedia" and dismiss it outright. Come on, Kevin. No one likes it when you do that, Kevin. 
I dunno about you, but the moment I have an orgasm, my first thought is to go get a prostitute.

It's totally not to be like "whoa okay I am suddenly uninterested in all of this" and rapidly close eight browser tabs. 
That and the heavy focus on partner relationship damage. Very much a religious bent. Not a common focus for the radical left side of anti-porn. 
Perfect reply IMHO would actually be to delete the original comment and send a brief private apology, this wasn't terrible though. 
Depends on the nature of the friendship, and I think in a lot of cases the genders of those involved.

I honestly think I'd give my best friend (we're both laid back guys who aren't touchy feely) a weird look if he was like "Wanna take a selfie together?" Most dudes I know don't give a shit about photo ops (but there are some notable exceptions). 
Yeah, wouldn't want to use the name on the bottle or anything, as this indicates you are out of touch
SEX
Every couple days or so? Are you redditing to us from the 1970s?
I am imagining this and I already regret it
E Pluribus Anus, brother
See, this is where the mistakes begin 
It is a very common product in all modern grocery stores 
It's easy but he made that really unclear if you don't know what a "psi" is and stuff 
Sometimes it is a legitimate request. You knew her better than us. 

Sometimes it is not. 

It is unfortunate when it is not.
You get a big head after realizing you can carbonate anything and then you start to abuse that power, it happens

EDIT: Thanks for the gold but now I'm worried about getting a big head again
Humble Bundle is a hell of a drug.
tbh if they weren't a band, Aerosmith sounds like it might be a clothing brand.
It sounds like a joke tip, but never underestimate the things desperate people will resort to in order to access alcohol. 
Worth it because at least I got my ten cents back
There are people who just, like, go on Imgur. By itself. And hang out there. Instead of reddit. 

Why? Even in an alternate universe where the comments were okay, you'd miss out on all the posts that aren't "an image on Imgur". Which is a fuck ton of the daily content people share on here. 
Spent Thanksgiving alone this year due to an unfortunate falling out with the folks, an untimely breakup, and a few other things. Not really on the same timescale as your Christmas thing but holy fuck it was depressing to see all the happy families all over social media while I was by myself, and I totally get where you're coming from, man. 

It's okay to be sensitive to those who might not be having super happy holiday fun time with their perfectly functional extended families. Like, you can reach out to people who might be spending it alone, or go spend an evening with them or something. That's nice of people. 

But my personal problems also aren't their fault. They shouldn't have to neuter their own joy to spare my feelings. I'm a bit more thick skinned than that. 
Quick glance at the first page is fair game. It's usually just to get context for someone's comment or confirm your suspicions about them being a troll. I also think people should be accountable for their recent posts. 

Second page, you're pushing it. Anything beyond that is a deep dive and you're officially a weirdo. 
It's got copypasta potential outside of this sub IMHO 
For reference, this is from a three week old video and it is the second most recent one on their channel. I feel like even the most lazy of fans would have seen it by now. 

If someone is downvoting this then they either didn't read enough of it to get the reference (which is understandable but dude you gotta read the whole post, guys) or they're not much of a fan. 
It's not the type ah dude I tend to be friends with, actually. I've just observed it indirectly and heard a lot of stories. 
She is a 133 pound woman. You do not starve to death on 1300 calories a day as a 133 pound woman. 
OP's post was mildly creepy but this is weapons grade
I mean I get what you're saying. Might want to tone down the "no sir I couldn't possibly get an erection" thing though, it's making you come across the opposite of how you intended 
It was, but he's talking about a pretty common type o'dude
Er, no, you're expected to provide sources for your claims like any other internet discussion on this topic. 
I would actually love to return to not caring about him in the slightest. I get no joy in following this stuff, but I want to be informed. 
Do you have an actual counter to his rebuttal, or
You're talking to someone who is deeply embedded into the Trump personality cult. Don't bother. It's not like they are going to respond by saying, "Oh, I guess you're right."
What a solid, thought out critique of the article. 
Also, this investigation has already led to some convictions. There is factual evidence of, at minimum, some chicanery afoot. Even if nothing much else comes of it, we've nabbed a couple of people for crimes. 

So, that's kind of the end of that in terms of this being on the level of birther nonsense. 
This is exactly how I've felt for a long time. There are dozens of gags in each episode, if not hundreds. Each scene is packed with joke attempts, and they're not exactly subtle gags. A couple of them end up being genuinely funny, but there's definitely a quantity over quality thing going on. To make matters worse, I often feel like the potential was there for a good gag but the writers chose to overdo it in execution. 

The general population is going to eat this up because it's easy entertainment with rapid fire delivery, and that's fine. People can like what they like. 

But as someone with an admittedly picky sense of humor that has only gotten more so over the years, I just can't get into it anymore. Before I stopped watching it entirely, it was getting to the point where I would go multiple episodes in a row without laughing.


Thank you, someone had to say it. Choosing not to impeach in a hypothetical situation where he would otherwise be impeached would be a flagrant miscarriage of justice. 
First message: okay he came across a little wimpy, but I guess understandable. No one likes being left on read for a week, especially when it's a girl who seems promising. She didn't owe him a response, though. 

Second message: this man is a cavalcade of gross and homegirl should run as fast as humanly possible. 
This is hopelessly complicating very simple social interaction and the person you're quoting sounds extremely dorky.

Like, if someone asks you for your opinion on Radiohead and you say it's not really your thing, you're not, like, some sort of enlightened maverick for saying that. You're just wrong.
No clue, I got it from the audio in this https://youtu.be/CWyrp3hu4KE
If IGN gives a game they're selling a suspiciously high review score and other outlets are not in agreement, then okay, don't trust the IGN review. Problem solved. 

This would really only be a problem if they had a monopoly on game reviews. In reality, that market is quite saturated with competitors. 

I understand disliking this on principle, but it's not like it won't be very obvious if they're up to something. Call em out if you see it. 

Impeachment is not a strategic process. It is a procedure to determine the validity of allegations against the president. Choosing not to impeach someone based on a dislike of the guy who would replace him is a miscarriage of justice. Pence should not be considered at all here unless he is involved in this scandal. 
Bernie Sanders has won 19 elections thus far during his political career. 
I think people are misunderstanding what you meant, which appears to be that those crimes aren't *just* misconduct, as they are especially heinous. 
Bernie is a Democratic Socialist. Our entire government is heavily influenced by and utilizes many Democratic Socialist principles. 

This is very different than being a pure Socialist despite the similar names.

It also has absolutely nothing to do with whether or not his claim here is correct. 
I get what you mean, but it's hard to be too sympathetic toward an individual who has a good dozen or so allegations of sexual assault against him, as well as a tape demonstrating his brazen bragging about sexual misconduct.


That's actually a really good point. Memes do seem to have a much longer shelf life in the mainstream. I 'd guess I'm a little more immersed in internet culture than the people watching the Rewind, because on here, it's easy for a meme to die weeks, days, or even hours after it comes out.
You'd think an event for an internet video platform would be a little more current with their memes...? 
There was potential for a more sophisticated joke here based on the extreme gender roles of the early 20th century, but you just kind of made it sound like a "make me a sandwich, woman" thing. 
I really think that word needs permanent repurposing for folks like this. 
Given the seriousness of that accusation, it's probably the kind of thing to research first before posting about it mate.
They've made dozens over, like, twenty years. It's an extremely long running movie franchise. The guy above you is the most wrong I've seen someone in a long time. 
I'm pretty sure there is a massive overlap in terms of Deadpool and Pokémon fans. 
If people weren't influenced by famous actors doing voices for animated movies, they wouldn't pay the high price of admission to use them. 
The conclusion of that has always confused me. Did they at least have a conversation with him afterwards and clarify the situation?

 "Oh hey, you may not be into Pokémon but there is a massive internet campaign to get you to play the character. You were born for this role and a shitload of people will come to see it. You should consider it."

Did they at least try? I hope so. This was a million dollar idea.
Shit! 
He's also an example that gives people pause. "Wait, that's a large bodybuilding male." It makes you think for a second, because you wouldn't expect someone like him to be a victim, but he is. People are particularly proud of him coming forward because he's the kind of person you'd least expect to be taken seriously, and needs a ton of encouragement.

Talk about the women all you like in addition to this. I have been myself. We can have lots of dialogues, and should. 
Had to scroll down a bit in this thread to see the sanity, but thank you guys. For fuck's sake. We suddenly started pretending like a single comment about a well-liked male redditor is proof of the apocalypse or something. Christ. 
How dare an American publication be generally focused on American issues! 
Yeah, attractive people hit on attractive people all the time, are you kidding me? They still want to have sex with hot people. 

They just can choose to be lazy about it if they want and still get decent pulls. 
I'm looking at the videos and they're all a little pointlessly caustic toward her, but here's the gif http://notyourgoodfatty.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Tess-Trying-To-Stand-Up.gif
In the last video I saw of her, she was unable to stand without assistance from several other people. You're correct that that's not far off. 
We're in a weird bubble at the moment where obesity is being treated with kid gloves, when it is absolutely up there with similar issues such as alcoholism or cigarette addiction. There is nothing healthy about it and our pussyfooting attitude towards it is going to cause major problems in the following decades. 
The average age and gender of tumblr users is young teenage women. Said demographic is not really known for stoicism. That's actually the most understandable part of the post. 
Most likely unceremoniously. People this size do not die with dignity. I really really hope for her sake, and for her family's sake, that someone gets through to her before it happens. 
She is deeply in denial about an unusually severe binge eating disorder. At her size, using kid gloves is actively detrimental to her long term health, as the problem is too far along for sugarcoating. 

Unfortunately she is the type of person who will have made efforts to exclude people from her life who use anything but kid gloves. 
As someone who does this all the time, I feel like if people from fifty years ago knew we did this (as in, couldn't be separated from our entertainment devices even while pooping), they'd roll their eyes.

Glad to have it available though. 
I can't believe they signed off on that design. Skinny jeans and fat bodies aren't a great mix. It goes both ways, too; ever see a really thin guy with baggy clothes? I don't have strong opinions on fashion but even I can tell this is all wrong. 
That's because the person is enormous. I'm not saying that to be rude, but skinny jeans are designed to be a tight fit. Any subtle differences aren't going to matter. It's just going to look bad.

When someone is this size, it's simply going to be best for them to choose clothes that conceal, not accentuate. I'm not against a broader range of body shapes being fashionable, but this is just the exact wrong choice for someone this large. 
Even if it came out gross when you pulled it out, wouldn't the common sense thing be to wash it before you do the OP's hypothetical? This is a problem with an obvious solution. 
It's good for purposefully shitty aesthetic and, although I'm sure there are ultimately better choices, it would work as a standin in an actual comic. Everyone has it, no one involved with the comic needs to buy it.

Limited use cases but they're there. 
What is wrong with citing another common news source? 
They alternate between "omg Clinton family" and "locker room talk". Weak efforts all around.

I'd give respect where respect is due if someone on that side would just say, "Yeah, Trump was a disgusting pig with those comments. I really wish he hadn't said that." It's hardly a large concession. 
Anonymous sources are very common in political news, as people (often reasonably) fear vocational retribution. The reason you're questioning this is because it's about a president you favor. 
You are not a reputable, long standing news publication that stakes its name on each article. 
How is "trolling" desirable behavior in a president? 
They were things he said behind closed doors involving sexual impropriety; if he at least got consent, then that's technically better, but you could still feel the slime dripping off of his comments. In a way, what he was saying represents the grossest side of fame and riches in this country. And it did not seem to be delivered with a sense of irony; he sounded very candid. 

However one wants to interpret the quote, it was a disgusting one. It is entirely reasonable to have called his character into question because of it, whether it was consenting behavior or not. 
While it's true that a disturbing amount of men do talk like this, that does not in any way make it "okay". 
There's something so brazen about posting such an absolutely ridiculous status on your public social media account.

I don't exactly want to be friends with him but still. 
Nah dude I get it this is a weed reply
why do you hate joy
It's fine, she's more than used to "horse appearance" jokes.
6/10
It sets a bad precedent to allow this kind of stuff, especially when the game is available free elsewhere. It's definitely disappointing. 
At this point, live footage of Trump *in* prison won't be enough proof for some people. Best not worry about those folks. 
Good bot
"He was a deep cover liberal all along! Sent in to destroy us! I knew it!"
No, he doesn't think he looks good. It is intentionally ridiculous, in the style of those other "podcast shreds" videos that popped up the last couple of weeks.
To be honest, even if you like the guy more now after his podcast appearance, do you really want to follow a channel that's only Ethan Bradberry?
I actually suspect that it's more a matter of time than finances at this point. They're doing two large podcasts a week, which run for several hours each. They're clearly in the studio for a while before and after each episode as well. On top of that, they have to do a ton of research to get clips and relevant material ready, finagle guest appearances, etc. 

And once the episodes are recorded live, they have to edit them down. (As a very, very small time content creator I can tell you right now that editing takes an absurd amount of time. Orders of magnitude more than you'd think.) I'd say a *very* conservative estimate is 20-30 hours a week on it. 

Adding quality main-channel content on top of that is obviously still possible, but probably more difficult to justify. 

I don't think they necessarily need two episodes a week, but that's their call.
(Ethan + Hila)/2 = average sized person
He captures the nostalgic thrill of it very well. 
They should honestly do more three minute call-ins. There are a lot of people that I wouldn't want to see a whole episode of, but would enjoy a mini segment focused on at some point.
Was he ever supposed to be taken seriously? The guy is the embodiment of "abuse me if it gets us likes and subs". His entire premise is a gimmick. 
IMHO pretty savage to make a biting fat joke about someone in 2017 when that's kind of taboo now, but I really doubt Chad cares because he's stopped giving a fuck about anything a long time ago (except views). 
I get the impression that Chad and Ian aren't terribly fond of each other, but have decided to set this aside when making content. In fact, I think Chad said something to this effect, that their relationship is professional.

Not a problem. It happens. 
You're chewing on a nothing burger. It's not supposed to have substance. The statement he made was made to start shit, not to provide useful criticism.

Ethan has his issues. This very oddly specific one isn't one of them. YouTube paid his salary for a long time too and he was very vocally critical of them; I'm pretty sure if the time comes when he's annoyed with Twitch, he'll speak his mind. 
I want to dismiss this based on the fact that it should be common sense to check that there is power and the device is plugged in. But I don't think I can. People really can be that stupid. 
The only required extra step is to ensure the cable box is on. It was their choice to install additional devices such as to necessitate source switching.

Extremely young children can figure this out. Parents are practicing learned helplessness if they can't. 
He's what Tom Cruise would be if he just admitted it to himself and came out. 
Financial support has a lot to do with it. The nice thing about Lovecraft at this point is that, I mean, he's long since passed away; consuming his literature thus doesn't help support the livelihood of a notorious racist.

But if I watch a JonTron video, which is going to have ads or be sponsored on some level, then I'm indirectly "paying" him in ad revenue. That feels morally sketchy.

Of course, if no financial support is given (in this case, via AdBlock), then I think one can make a better case for enjoying the content for what it is. 
They've gotten a lot better at avoiding this. 

What I still see a decent amount of that I wish I didn't is abrupt scene changes. "Oh, I'm past the point of no return and that sexy angle is now gone entirely." Even worse, you end up jizzing to an awkward scene of the actors switching up positions.
To be fair, good porn titles must be difficult. You want to imply what's gonna happen to some extent, but you risk coming across as generic really easily.
Factually speaking, yes. We're still in this weird place with society, though, where we pretend it's sort of "side stuff" that we're not really supposed to talk about.
I'm in a "cash-light" phase at the moment.

I probably shouldn't be buying even imitation ones, considering, but that's for another discussion. 
That article was interesting, but a little strange. I'm not sure I understand what "happening" means. The guy has had a long career, appearing in many shows and movies. He's not an A-list actor or a household name by any means, but he's been very active for a long time. If lower profile than, say, Brad Pitt or Jennifer Lawrence, is he not a reasonably successful industry player?
They could be completely honest and just put "Mrs. Freshley's Fake-Ass Cosmic Brownies". It'd probably work. 
You ever meet him? 
That is an amazingly spot-on description of the exact image that comes to mind when I picture an "Armie".
Not pictured: the one little candy nubbin that they actually bothered to put on the thing just fell right off as soon as I took it out of the packaging.

That being said it was a dollar for the whole box, so my expectations were low. Tastewise it was just like any other cheap, mass-produced brownie thing. Not bad, not amazing.
It's not an excuse. It's an explanation for why it happens.
At least he's got a backup career if it all goes south from this 
Good on him for carving out that niche. Bad on him for developing an ego the size of Alaska. 
You can upload anything if it doesn't violate the terms of service. For better or worse. Sometimes it's very much for the worse. 
To be completely honest, I think most of H3's reaction videos didn't "need" to be made. The reasons the videos they react to are bad or cringeworthy are usually self evident.

PrankInvasion is fake as shit. Maregasm is about a weird guy fucks his horse. Colorblindness video was obvious bullshit exaggeration. 

But that doesn't mean they weren't worth making. Ethan has funny ideas for sketches and hot takes. I like watching them. 
Dude, it could be a live feed of him saying "fuck the gays fuck the gays fuck the gays" with a link on his Twitter to the live feed in which he says "No I genuinely hate faggots" and people would still try to discredit it because it's Buzzfeed posting about it. Don't bother. 
Won't matter to these people. 
Oh, you're right. Repeating the word somehow negates the good points. 
Dude, right? The guy's young. He can easily reinvent himself with a genuine coming clean and a total reboot. He just went into hiding and did nothing about it. I don't understand.
Contrary to what might be the popular opinion, I'd like to see JonTron come out the other end of this a better person. I mean, he's one of many, many, many people out there who has achieved some level of internet infamy, and he's going to need to find a way to transition away from that at some point (given the fact that he has a good 50+ years of life left). He can't just spend the next half century as a pariah. I'm not saying people should accept his views, but there needs to be a way for him to overcome this.
Actually, it sounds to me like Jon got hooked in early by some alt-right nonsense. You can *absolutely* get misinformed into thinking that kind of stuff. I'm not saying it's morally okay by any means, but the guy is just now halfway through his twenties. He's young and impressionable. He's trying to carve out an identity beyond "gamer guy". I've seen a good half dozen guys just like him fall for the same trap.
1. Are one or more people coming over?
2. Might these people include at least one person other than my closest male friends, regardless of gender?

If yes to both, clean toilet. You don't have to get it sparkling, just non-gross.

I have never once had a complaint about the conditions of my bathroom. The five minutes of effort once every week or two is well worth it. 
Birthing cousins. 
He's still gross here and there if you need your fix. Shredding carrots on his nipples, sharing bags of poop with Hila, passing around a lint and hair collection for his podcast guests to sniff on multiple occasions, doing weird things with a fake bloody nutsack in the Steve-O collab, etc. 
Erik knows everyone, it seems. He shows up at extremely unexpected corners of the internet all the time. Randomly saw him with *Maddox* of all people the other day on Instagram. If Ethan wants a guest, he should just have Erik call them. 
Yes, but it established precedent for an "Okay, time to call it a day then" moment. It's a live podcast. Ethan and Hila should feel comfortable and willing to pull a guest if it gets out of hand or if they refuse to participate in an important way. 
He has ended interviews beforehand without ending the show. He did that with Jimmy. 
This is getting voted as controversial and I'm not surprised. I don't quite know how I feel about this. On the one hand, I don't want to support bigotry whatsoever. On the other hand, that eliminates *so* much entertainment media.

Wasn't a fan of the guy before, so I'm not gonna start now, I suppose. 
There's a middle ground strategy here, though. You don't have to pander. You can just say you weren't well enough informed, and that you are starting fresh with your views. 
Here's the thing.

Jon and Ethan go way back. The people you listed are casual friends at best, and mostly just friendly rivals. But he has a long history with Jon.

If it was me in Ethan's situation, I probably would have just distanced myself from him and called it a day. A lot of people probably would. But sometimes it can be really difficult to let go of a long term bud. People who are really close can often sort of put each other under a little bit of a "spell" where, because of said closeness, it's a lot easier to excuse/justify/rationalize some negative behavior on the other person's part, even if that same behavior would never in a million years be excused otherwise. That plus the sunk-cost fallacy ("I've been friends with this person for so long, it'd be a shame to throw it away") means that people can remain friends longer than what seems logical or moral.

It's an unfortunate gray area that happens to a *lot* of us. I recently cut a friend out of my life, not for the same issues but for issues that were probably as severe in negativity, and... it took me a long while. I really thought I could help him mellow out over time, and we'd been friends since early middle school. It sucked, and pulling the trigger on that connection was tricky. I'm glad I did, but I get why it happens.

I'm not saying any of this to excuse his choices here, but to perhaps offer some insight as to why it's happening (when one might expect otherwise).
I think it depends on the couple. Some are super cool with stuff I would never dream of doing (intentionally farting in front of each other, pooping with the door open, etc.) As for myself, I'm not a particularly private person overall, but I reserve those acts for solitude. No clue why, just think they're gross. It's whatever.


Props on the marriage but I feel like that would set a weird tone to the relationship lol 
I saw that scene as intentionally "every speech you've ever heard about drug addicts supposedly wanting to change". I've witnessed it myself from half a dozen people. 
To be fair, total dick move on his part, but I kind of doubt anyone would assume stealing their friend's sex tape would lead to them doing heroin and dying. 
Renton is the protagonist, but he's a helpless drug addict like any of the other main characters. He has very few redeeming qualities. We root for him, if we do, mostly just because he's the one telling the story. 
Disney goes out of its way to retain a squeaky clean image. When *they're* too much, you know you're in a fucking crazy religious group. Or, well, everyone else does and you're just being brainwashed. Sorry to hear that, man. 
Sounds fun for a laugh and I could see a good six months, but I still feel like I'd ultimately reach an "Okay, jokes aside, what the fuck am I doing with her?" phase. 
One of my friends just added stickers to make it look like the Pokémon had a penis and it was really stupid. And kind of funny because it was so stupid. 
Remarkably stupid games are still games. 
I suddenly have nostalgia for all the pre-internet ubiquity Pokémon rumors. 
I like sweet flavored ice creams. I feel like it has this part of the market down pat. I don't feel like it needs "savory" and, for fuck's sake I don't think it needs "Cheeto Puff savory" of all things. Jesus tittyfucking Christ.
There were so, so many ice cream options that didn't involve this food abortion. I cannot possibly agree enough.

You can even just order regular ice cream and, as a consumer, add your disgusting and vile additions *yourself*. So you can have your Cheeto Puff "ice cream" all the same. Fuck you.
I feel like the overwhelming majority of the "drama" surrounding Ethan and H3h3 in general has been overblown, likely due to people getting too close to the content. What I mean by that is that the biggest fans tend to emotionally invest in him (and her, and them as a team), which makes this stuff seem like a bigger deal than it is.

In reality, from an outside perspective, I think almost all of this would come across as small and occasional YouTube beef that, in the grand scheme of things on said site, was pretty low key.

Example would be: "Some guy said some things on a steam which a few fans interpreted as hypocritical. There was a few days of discussion about it."

I've tried to keep a safe psychological distance from hobbies/media/creators I'm really into because I feel like it's easy to get into this weird head space where small incidents are wildly blown up. 
My interpretation of that quote is to apply it when I feel like someone is trying to sell me on a story. I toss a little reasonable doubt on any story regardless, but I don't usually reject them off the bat without a reason. 
The implication is "go do something else because you're going to get bored watching the pot boil the water, since it takes longer than one might expect". And it can apply to any number of things in life where you're gonna be waiting around and you should go be productive (or just go distract yourself). 
This comment is incredibly amusing to me. "Triggering virgins" is such an odd mishmash of different kinds of insult culture from very different internet eras, and this guy is clearly used to dropping it in drive-by comments, given the cavalier delivery.

I sat and just stared at it for a good thirty seconds, giving it puzzled and bemused looks. The internet is genuinely fascinating. 
This is morally the correct answer, but it is very difficult for a lot of people to care, when the games are freely available with no downside (outside of no multi-player if they care). 
I actually scratched my head thinking about this one. 
Just use the vacuum to vacuum them outta there, boom 
Here you go: https://xkcd.com/391/
That would require admitting their mistakes and being honest. You're asking a lot of a department that is being openly corrupt to its core. 
Since it's 2017 and for some reason nothing matters anymore, there are two possibilities. One is, it won't be used. The other is, it won't matter in the slightest. 
I'm pressing Ctrl-Z to undo this from the internet but it's not working help
People are downvoting the comment because it's blatherskite. 
Negative downvotes? So, upvotes? 
Indeed. You guys get to look in, laugh, and go to sleep without him as your leader. Trust me, you should enjoy it. 
They're a publication. You gotta be careful when communicating officially as a publication. Even if that's exactly what they're thinking, the last thing they want is a lawsuit based on some technicality. 
I'm guessing for them it's roughly equivalent to keeping an angry kangaroo locked in a room full of glass figurines. Lots of delusional hoping that things won't go wrong, and frequent "What the hell was that oh god oh no" moments. 
I wouldn't say it's surprising, just continually disappointing. We laugh about it now, but this is gonna take decades to recover from in terms of international reputation, expectations of presidential decorum, and so on. 
Metaphorically! 
This makes a good one liner, sure, but in all honesty she seems like the kind of person who would just be worth ignoring altogether. 
No, that's just how it is in certain urban sectors. Christian conservatives dominate the actual demographics of the country. 

The status quo itself is also a fundamentally conservative principle. Why do you think the ideology is called "conservative"? The idea here is to hold on to traditions and old wisdom (for better or worse).

Outside of a few extremely isolated and extreme incidents, no one's "safety" is at risk for expressing mainstream Republican talking points. 
I'm all in favor of someone taking a legitimate mental health break from constant weigh-ins during the holidays. I'm none in favor of someone using this as an excuse for disordered eating patterns. Just be honest with yourself. 
He thinks conservatism is "the new counterculture" and is very much in the same ranks as Alex Jones.

He's capable of being correct that this is ironically amusing, however. 
It's about the mechanisms of local government, but it's not terribly opinionated. 
It's about influence and significance. I honestly wouldn't have been confused if he got the title, since he's been very significant. Just not in a good way. 
I feel like you have completely misunderstood what I said on a fundamental level.
I'm both happy this has changed in a little over half a century and *horrified* that a little over half a century ago, people felt this way.

I genuinely cannot imagine giving a shit whatsoever what race people are when they get married. It's looney tunes level bonkers to me. 
No, that's the thing though. You actually can judge someone by how they dress, if there's a clear and ubiquitous reason for dressing that way.

For example, if someone is in a military uniform, your interaction with them will likely be based on the assumption that they are in the military. You might be wrong if they turn out to be an actor or something, but it's a safe bet. 

It's just that someone dressed in a hoodie or whatever simply isn't enough of a correlation. Lots of people wear hoodies and aren't "up to" anything. In fact, the overwhelming majority of people wearing hoodies are just normal people. 
Found the Maddox. https://youtu.be/9BDi3rkBV7s
Hell, I don't even believe you. That's how much of a stigma alleged crowd clapping has these days. 
As someone who recently checked out these games in the interest of reliving a small pocket of my childhood, I'll weigh in.

All three games are enjoyable from a nostalgia perspective, and efforts have been continuously made by GOG and some fans to keep them running on newer systems at ever increasing resolutions and such. If you're looking for a blast from the past, you'll get one. Descent 2 has a rocking metal/industrial soundtrack, too. Gunner Down anyone? 

That being said, these are very old games. They came out in the 90s. The levels are very simple, the plot is bare bones, the AI is neanderthalic, and especially with the first two, they're very "game-y" games, if that makes any sense. This was back when things like "getting a high score" was in vogue.

Know what you're getting into when you purchase, if you do. 
Stories like this are almost unbelievable to me, not because I think the person is lying by any means, but because the behavior being described feels so *incredibly foreign* to me.

Like, I'm not perfect, but never in a million years would I even consider conducting myself in this manner. Yet I hear about it all the fucking time. How do people get it in their head that this is "okay"? I genuinely do not understand. I'm not even being rhetorical here. I've tried to understand and I just don't. 
There are plenty of educated people who just can't be arsed in a world where it usually isn't this inconvenient to snag a screenshot on any other platform.

An option to directly save it to my phone, or Google Drive or something, should exist by now. 
I really, really hope this isn't true.

But I've accepted that we're in the darkest timeline for a while now, and honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it goes down like that. 
The day that people stop unironically listening to him is the day I think we should stop posting stuff related to him. Until then, it's probably worth debunking. 
I'm gonna guess like 99% of the time it's just a haircut. 
If you think about it, all of these associations are as meaningless as Alex Jones's. 
Yeah, gross, a really common sweet flavor that people enjoy. Disgusting! 
The internet has ruined spontaneous crowd clapping. If it ever does happen, no one will believe me. It's like a communal Bill Murray. 
Say what you want about W, and there's a lot to say, but at least the guy wasn't the type to actively hold the expected decorum and tact of the office in contempt. He wouldn't be starting "Twitter beef" with private citizens and such.

Trump has knocked the bar away. There are no presidential standards of behavior anymore. It fucking sucks. 
This is a photo of a wholesome looking girl in very modest dress, holding a pie in a kitchen. When you see something like this, you think "Kardashian trash"?
Yeah, but that's really inconvenient for the guy who you're responding to, because he was trying to stereotype the entire country without a thought. 
Everyone is already aware of that, though. It's like when someone posts "diabeetus" on a picture of something super sugary/fattening. Like, yes, Chris, we know.
"I play it up a little for my followers. I'm not extremely proud of it, but men are men."

vs

"I am openly fucking a carrot."

The former is much easier to justify at the Thanksgiving dinner table is what I was trying to say. I wasn't suggesting people would be automatically fine with it, just that one is more likely to be accepted by friends and family.
This is a bigger deal than people realize. Very few women want to actually get naked on camera for general public consumption, especially if their friends and family will presumably find out about it; there's still a massive social stigma despite the fact that we practically all privately consume porn. 

On twitch or another game steaming site, you can maintain a semblance of respectability, and not feel weird (or as weird) when you go home for the holidays. 
Just, like, in general life? Yes. There are some situations. 
It's a bit of a role reversal, if that makes sense. The stereotypical situation is a guy being too touchy-feely and the girl getting annoyed, and it's unexpected for a guy to do that when a girl touches them; most women will find the inversion funny. Go and try it for yourself sometime, trust me, it'll work.
I mean if it's one-sided and they're not reciprocating then yeah, super cringe. But that's not what I'm talking about.
While I don't share your cynicism, it's certainly understandable to be cautious.
Just an arm touch by itself with no context, sure. In this video, though, it actually shows a good example of someone establishing a breezy, quick and flirtatious rapport. If you know what you're doing, it'll work, but this just isn't gonna come up very often.
I dunno, that's not the vibe I got at all. I feel like the comedy is about the social situation, and the sketch would have worked regardless of what kind of store it was.
That's not the intended message in the video, dawg
He's not making fun of the guy. That's literally his user name. 
I'd say read the room. 99% of the time, not a good call. Once in a while if you're absolutely sure, it might help make a sale. 
Screaming yeah, but acting mildly annoyed with it in a joking way is a genuinely good strategy for the record. 
Articulate but insufferably wanky. 
If this guy lives in southern California they might think it's actually Ethan, getting material for a sequel video or something.

Not the biggest of sins, but kind of a waste of people's time at least. 
Yo I'll take a copy if you have one! 
Wow, in all seriousness I just realized some fans of a certain type are about to get *real* weird with the role playing. 
"It's not technically lying, because then no one could kill puppies because there aren't any left"
Here's the Mimikyu one from Moon: "A lonely Pokémon, it conceals its terrifying appearance beneath an old rag so it can get closer to people and other Pokémon."

Not terrifying, just horribly depressing.
There's "dicking around the internet for the afternoon" pointless, and then there's "spending dozens if not hundreds of hours and tons of money to cover your car in hair and alienate everyone around you" pointless.
Is there a reason you would find satisfactory because I don't think I would
I feel like covering your *car* in human hair isn't really "better", just a different kind of insane.
Common tactic. Want to pass a bill? Just call it the "Stop Killing Puppies Act". Who could ever oppose it? 
IVF is an extremely specific topic and a rather uncommon one for a church to have an agenda about, though.

It seems entirely plausible that this just never really came up before, or at least didn't come up so aggressively. So the family would have had no reason to assume said church had said stance. 


He threw the guy a life preserver and explained the implied reasoning in a well constructed manner. People tend to like this. 
Not sure if this is serious, but it's a common complaint that people whose partner overconsumes pornography tend to neglect them in the bedroom, because they "used it up" on the porn and aren't interested in actual sex. Happens to a lot of folks.
Btw, I too enjoy off-brand dollar store Pop Tarts.
Good summary. Who the fuck *cares* about some silly little thing another person enjoys? Why does she invest emotional energy into that? Unless it's hurting them somehow, or actively embarrassing to be associated with, what purpose is there in hating? 
I have no satisfactory answer for you and all I can say is, 2017 is just a straight up joke. Nothing really makes sense anymore and people have seemingly stopped caring about anything. At this point I'm not surprised that nothing is being done about anything in politics. 
I mean it's cool to set the record straight but that's not exactly "better" 
How would his sexuality matter in any way? 
No they're not. There are dozens of mainstream media articles calling him out at the moment. 
Why? 
Yes it is. People should stop sexually assaulting other people. 
When people talk about "porn addiction" they aren't referring to merely the consumption of pornography, though. They're talking about someone whose quality of life is suffering from it, in terms of their relationships, work, etc. 
I would like to be a daily taste tester at a fry production facility 
In similar situation. It's so easy. 
Step one: *don't have sex or otherwise mess with people who are underage*. 
It was gone for me yesterday at one point. I remember being mildly annoyed, and just deleting the post on the app. Seems to be back now though.

Guessing it was a short bug. Appears people in this thread think it's a conspiracy though...? 
Guy who watched it checking in. I use reddit to find content for my consumption. Why would I subscribe to this subreddit if I didn't want to actually watch videos?
Yeah, all those really successful hip hop artists that dress the style of the genre *never* seem to get women. You're totally right.
That little emotionless wink before "You'll see me." I would be absolutely terrified.
She also (and this is not really comparable because it's just an entirely different thing) *wildly* inappropriate with her sexual boundaries concerning her son. To the point where she treats "I kept sucking my husband's dick after my son walked in our room" as a humorous punchline during interviews. Just a gross creepy human being.
Agreed; this is a difficult hill to die on when it comes to a best friend if you're particularly close to them, but it's also the kind of baller move that defines your character, OP.
I almost feel like it doesn't matter specifically, since there are no good outcomes here. 

*Best* case scenario, her motivations are somewhat pure and she really does just want a platonic last hurrah with some guys she understandably won't really get to see anymore. But in that situation, the onus was on her to be very, very candid with her fiance about it... and she's doing the opposite. 

This friendship is worth reconsidering in terms of value. As in, I'm not sure having one with someone like that is good for anyone.
Shaq is quite a character. I feel like it would be almost just as believable that he actually did keep em.
> the Bible specifically forbids

General rule of thumb is, unless this sentence ends with being gay or having premarital sex, it's irrelevant to Christians anyway. 
Better yet, pull a Ron Swanson. Sell him something at a premium price, and take a check dated after the supposed apocalypse. 
Flashes of Ken M
You're thinking about this from the perspective of "reasonable sanity", not "fuck the customer with the long dick of corporate misbehavior". 
Someone please make this
PCGamingWiki is essential. I will always upvote a recommendation to use them. Aside from the obvious "make sure it runs at 1080p at 60 FPS with my Xbox controller" check, they're pretty good at posting essential mods/bugfix patches too.
My mind is telling me it'd be about a 6/10. Maybe 5.
Went to one with a gay friend once to show solidarity when my state overturned a proposition banning gay marriage. No prolapsing occurred. Don't worry, it won't happen unless you want it to, mate.

It was mostly just an unusually well-run bar. I'd say it was a very positive experience as a straight guy.
> you are wrong because your results don't fit my personal experience.

If anyone is wondering why there are so many deleted comments, it's people expressing this sentiment, btw.
Someone was bound to make this. Take comfort in the fact that, at least you were the first.
I didn't say CNN was neutral. I said that most of the time they're just, you know, reporting the news. There's no real reason to distrust any of their non-political content, full stop. I'd say that about Fox News too. 

Now when it comes to political stories, sure, I might look for a few more outlets to back up the story first, but it's not like CNN is just making stuff up all the time. 
Kids getting creative definitely make up a lot of viewers, but there are also a lot of horny and lonely adult men out there who watch this kind of stuff for the "personal touch". It's not some completely inaccessible mainstream porn star; it's an actual "regular" person that they can leave comments for on her videos (in desperate hope of a reply, naturally).

The irony is that sometimes, probably even most times, the person in question is an established porn star who's just doing this to attract said guys.
I feel like them just bashing something is less entertaining. The skits really add something to it. Very Tim and Eric kind of stuff. I almost wish they had gone further.
Between WSJ and "your bullshit Salon sites", there are a wide variety of other sources in the middle somewhere (CNN, New York Times, etc.) that are perfectly legitimate, and are often dismissed outright for being biased. This is frequently in spite of the fact that they're just reporting on a situation with plenty of other sources corroborating. 

That's what the guy above you was talking about. 
You can't just eat eggs at "technically not the morning" o'clock! 
I feel this way about a lot of games I play these days, even ones that aren't "walking simulators" or exceptionally plot heavy. After almost three decades, I prefer experiences where I'm able to jump right into the action. I feel kind of stupid sitting there with a controller in my hand, not even using it, for 5+ minutes at a time on the regular. 

Not trying to hijack the post with my little mini rant, just been on my mind a bit. 
I don't mind slang whatsoever, but I think they're correct about "slay" and "yaaas". I doubt they'll stand the test of time.

As for "thirsty", that is a perfectly succinct and well understood term for what it is describing and I think it'll be around indefinitely. Reminds me of "salt/salty". It's simple, it works. 
I've shamelessly rocked every major hairstyle over the last decade or so, from the fledgling emo swoop to the undercut with everything in between. Fuck it. Shit's fun. Nothing more dorky than someone getting red in the face yelling about how "I don't like man buns!!!" 
Reddit has what seems to be an unusually high amount of socially clueless people who, let's be real, couldn't correctly be trendy if they tried. I realize I'm peeing in my own community pool in a sense by saying that, but it's very clear that we're using a superiority complex when it comes to fashions, trends and fads in order to hide a massive inferiority complex. 
Wait, what?

I don't get it. He wants to be a liberal some day, but not now? Like, he wants to remain on the right wing until then, or...?

?????? 
This is a profoundly stupid thing to say. I'm astounded at how meaningless it is. There isn't even a charitable version of it that would be intellectually worth anything. 
Diet Coke is the older recipe. Coke Zero is designed to try to taste more like regular. IIRC, Diet Coke still exists despite this because some people grew accustomed to it and actually enjoy the flavor in and of itself. 
He went from clean cut to "fuck off, I'm gonna present myself how I want", which he IMHO earned the hell out of by reaching that many subs. Deal with it I guess. 
This is obviously just relationship banter dawg
Adrienne & Adrianne is so groovy. 
No worries. I feel like this is the kind of drink that exists because it can, not because it should. 
"Are they British?" is the first thing I'd ask someone saying this, so yes it is. 
I can think of exactly one thing on the list of "things I will consume despite my body's obvious protests" and that's alcohol. Jellied eels is, to say the least, certainly not going to become the second thing on that list. 
I like how "basically fit for human consumption" is the standard for food in London. 
What, skeptical of something called "jellied eel" that looks like *that?* Shocking. Look, even if this is somehow edible, who the fuck cares? There are so many amazing foods out there that aren't this. Foods that you wouldn't have to defend as being good. 
Snopes isn't biased. You're just saying that because it's inconvenient to the right sometimes. 
"Clinton donor" is just a catch-all term for dismissal of people you don't like. For example, the Mueller team. Never mind that they're a bunch of giant slayers who have decades of experience with high profile cases. A few of them may or may not have "donated to Clinton", so that means they're gonna throw away any and all professionalism and objectivity. 
Just, like, casting a woman is considered identity politics now. Christ.
I'd consider it a triple digit time investment. 
This supports what I was saying. They like the principle of free speech and attempt to implement it where possible. But actual, true freedom of speech simply isn't a thing on here. The existence of moderators alone is contradictory to this (and for good reason). 
I feel like most people would just do that, but I'm at least glad they're getting people to consider their circumstances, if only for a moment. 
CVS is the big drug store around here, and it's one of the only places previously known for carrying cigarettes that doesn't anymore. They have large anti-smoking reminders where the cartons used to be. This sends a good message to the community. 

It might not directly make anyone quit, but few things do. In fact, I'm not sure anything has been proven truly effective as a direct method. You just do what you can to discourage it. 
I have an actual answer to this, but I think you were going for the rhetorical thing. 
That's the point, though. It's difficult to know what's going on behind closed doors in Hollywood until they're opened; most people who watch movies have, at some point, at least inadvertently contributed to sketchy-at-best individuals (despite obviously not wanting to do so if they're made aware). It's a large industry with good and bad sectors. To ban the sub would be ludicrous. 
Reddit has never had "freedom of speech". It has had a generally more open minded stance on the topic than a lot of other sites, often only banning subs when worst comes to worst, but it is still a fully moderated website. 
Sub would have been empty in an hour. What you're suggesting would be wonderful for them, but not something they ever would have accepted. 
Or, as strange as it may sound in 2017, you can still just make your own message board or something. I actually think they should do that, just to quarantine themselves from the rest of the internet. 
No joke, I think an episode would be really interesting if it was done in sort of a metafictional way, where an enemy perhaps creates a psychic illusion that this is all just a "television show", and the writers start placing them in increasingly perilous predicaments. The villain would literally be Mark Gatiss (or a given writer at the time), but with an interesting subversion at the same time.
His other videos are also worth watching, btw. I haven't even played 50% of the games he talks about, but he does really good analyses of them.
For further reference, he's a recurring guest on the podcast, which is why someone posted it here
This is such a shitty image all around.

* Shitty JPEG compression on both pictures in an era where high definition images are readily available
* Couldn't be bothered to crop out the white bar on the bottom
* Not even a basic attempt at an argument, just two black-and-white labels of morality
* Invitation to "share if you agree" instead of encouraging the viewer to bother to examine the view, or simply presenting it as-is
* Whole thing would take a maximum of 45 seconds to make in Photoshop

Not even giving this an F. Giving it a flat zero. Whoever made this image is an abject dumbass. 
Are you 12? Because if not, that's roughly the age he's making this stuff for. Not that that makes it "better". 
Did it feel good, though? 
Believe it or not, there is actually an *incredible* amount of professional oversight in his production. Like, biggggggggg bucks. An entire team of people making it much, much more glamorous and well-shot and such. 

If you ever watch even five minutes of the stuff on his side channel that he made himself, you can really see. 
[This YouTube video](https://youtu.be/cyn6XYW2T64) came out of it so it was worth it. 
He did lose. Did you not see the popular vote? Thanks to the electoral college, we just didn't give a shit. 
Cross that one off, maybe set aside the "slave reparations" thing as a logistical and political nightmare until something can actually be figured out with it (if ever), and the rest is a fantastic list.
It's funny because the popular vote embodies the very spirit of democracy. Like, to such a high degree that Liberty Prime probably has a shattering orgasm when it thinks about the concept. 
Few shows go big-dick like that in moment one. Most of them take an entire season or two to hit their stride, but the first scene here is a brutally awkward "racist misunderstanding" situation. They hit the ground running. 
They let him get away from them with a completely reasonable "What proof do you actually have?"
This is like cocaine for my ADHD brain. I use it all the time, but pretty soon I've middle clicked my way into 20 tabs. 
She is legitimately acting half her age. I am *astounded* she's apparently 35.
It's not strange of Disney to cut ties with him in the interest of maintaining a squeaky clean image. It's just that claims of him actually being anti Semitic are ridiculous and people shouldn't take them seriously. 
I give it a month or two, maybe six months if people *really* get high off that nostalgia for a while. I don't think I it will "fail" per se at that point, but I'm guessing a 95% drop in Classic subs in half a year. For the 5% that stick around, they'll have a great time. 
It's not wrong, it just doesn't really convey the magnitude of how obnoxious he is. 
Anything can sound crazy if you explain it in the most awkward way possible. 
This is spot-on and I'm honestly mildly concerned that it will, in no way, stop me from getting drunk this weekend.
If you're one of those weird people you can hook up a Bluetooth controller, but those people are weird. 
Fortunately it's a Gamecube game. At this point, Wii *U* emulation is far enough along that I'd say just snag the Dolphin emulator and hook up your Xbox controllers. 
Those sales figures have absolutely zero to do with quality, and everything to do with marketing bullshit to kids lol.
It's like Minions. Unexpected cash cow that they just started milking like crazy. I'm not surprised Ice Age is up there.
I'd say Mario and Pokemon are actually fantastic examples of all-ages series. Calling them "kid's games" would be kind of ridiculous. I mean, they're kid-friendly, but hardly only aimed at children. 

Pokemon games in particular seem to have a ton of hidden depths that young kids can't even begin to appreciate at their age, either. IVs, EVs, etc.
Nah, they were just presenting an exaggerated version of the opposite to show you your own hyperbole. 
Literally millions of people.
Can confirm. Source: I'm still chasing down this one video from several years ago that seemed to vanish ugh
Hmm. That has not been my experience at all. Of the people I have interacted with that identify as liberal or conservative, I don't see any sort of significant gap in appearance. There's definitely a stereotypical "radfem" look that people love to pretend the left widely embraces, but I've only ever seen, like, a small handful go for that style.

The girl in the picture is hardly an example of that, either. 
This isn't really a radical departure from her previous look, either. They're just pretending it is. She had the somewhat bohemian thing going on before minus the hair. Women commonly experiment with their hair.
It might depend on where you go, but at mine you will straight up get told to shut the fuck up if you're blasting music without headphones. 
In other words, they're throwing it around like Ruxin in The League. 
What a weird hill for them to die on, btw, since it's a trivial concession for them to make. 
I think we're overestimating the age of other sub members. The entire front page at the moment looks like something that 14 year olds would find "hilarious" because "lelelelele omfg memes and shitposting on Halloween that's so random lelelelele". 
Which is understandable, but not based on any actual objective research. It's just baseless suspicion.
According to the logic ITT, I have one conclusion: Mark Zuckerberg snuck into your house last night and installed a microphone in your toilet. 
Make sure you're doing a test to *dis*prove your theory, if so. That means comparing all the ads you see, not just the ones that seem to confirm your hypothesis.

 (Not saying you specifically would fall prey to this mistake, but many others in the thread have done so.)
It's actually really smart what they can do with this stuff. Like, I understand the concern, but I feel like people would be praising it in any other context. 
I mean, this conspiracy theory falls apart from any number of simple questions, dude. But people have drank the Kool-aid already, so there's almost no point. 
Comparing it to the dozens if not hundreds of other ads you saw that day, and logged in a journal to analyze (so you could avoid confirmation bias, naturally), was this statistically significant? 
That's not a test, though. That's an attempt to prove your theory, not disprove it. An actual test would include looking at all of the ads and comparing them, not just keeping an eye out for ones based on your IRL words. This is literally the exact definition of confirmation bias. 
Okay, here's a simple test to get you even remotely headed in the direction of rigor. The next time you seemingly notice this, immediately go look at several other ads. Note which ones seem "targeted" based on conversations. 

Keep doing this. You'll notice that 99 times out of 100, they're just ads. 
People don't want to actually check this. They want to complain. 
Man, don't even bother. I've seen tons of posts on threads like this today where the crackpot thing goes all the way down the line. Someone in another thread responded to this line of thinking with "but what if the carriers are in on it?!" At a certain point, conspiracy theorists gonna conspiracy. 
I mean if you want to livestream or create a video or something, then okay. I don't think I've ever done those things, though. Best to keep the access off until needed. 
I've yet to see someone say "I noticed an ad for something I said out loud a few days ago... *so I proceeded to test this with a journal comparing all the ads I saw and looking for further examples*." 

It's just "I noticed an ad for something I said out loud a few days ago and, okay, that is all the proof I need to buy into this conspiracy hook line and sinker."
Demanding rigor over anecdotes? That is objectively better. Facebook mic thing is reddit's favorite conspiracy theory, clearly, but that doesn't mean it shouldn't be subjected to the same standards of scientific proof as any other crank theory. 
Everyone has an anecdote, though, about how they were talking about an extremely common product one time and then several days later they saw an ad for that extremely common product. They didn't even search for it, according to notoriously faulty human memory. What more do you want? Rigor? Controls for confirmation bias? Get outta here! 
It's a visual shorthand. The idea is that he's finding it difficult to concentrate on his parents talking, and the wallpaper swaying sort of simulates that for the audience. 
I realize it's too late for some people, but folks, if you dislike forced apps, don't support carrier choices like this by buying said phones. You deserve control of your device, including what nonessential programs are installed on it. Do some research before buying. 
Okay, this is officially tinfoil hat territory. 
That's not surreptitious, though. That's normal data gathering of actual searches. You can be opposed to that too, but it's not what's being discussed. 
Guys, stop poking obvious holes in the conspiracy nonsense! 
Turns out Facebook is very good at ads after over ten years of serving ads to millions/billions of people. Who knew? 
I bought a Coke with some coins the other day. I walked past the vending machine again later and *saw the Coke logo* on it. I never even said the product name and have never owned a smartphone. Damn you, Zuckerberg! 
No reason to abandon skepticism in that case, though. Did you rigorously examine the entirety of the ads you saw these two weeks, or just these two interesting occurrences? Would it have meant anything to you if you had noticed the overwhelming majority of ads aren't targeted? 
Are they? If you actually took the time to document all of your ad viewings, and not just the interesting/coincidental ones, you'd see that 99.9% are banal. 
That and I have never said a word or ever purchased the Soylent stuff, and I've seen a half dozen ads for it. I remember because people always make the "lololol it's people" joke in the comments. The reason he's seeing ads for it is because they're fairly aggressively purchasing ad space on Facebook. 
Or just coincidence. Sometimes you get served ads for a common item or service that you happen to own or buy. This thread is starting to turn into "crazy uncle Paul" levels of conspiracy thinking. There's gotta be a limit somewhere... 
I know a guy who is exactly like that. He literally uses the term "cucked" on his Tinder profile. Coincidentally, not many dates, he says. 
Dawg, that's the joke, though. He's playing a character who clearly doesn't know what he's talking about with vaporizers or marijuana (or any overlap between the two). In the first video one of the main gags is that he's coughing to death because he doesn't actually vape, and he wasn't prepared for it. Ethan is being intentionally stupid here, that's the point.
I liked the vid, but I don't think the sponsor/ad stuff on it is going to age well.
It's almost as if this entire administration is just a giant excuse for Trump cronies to get all sorts of government gigs and people are pretending it's all somehow "okay" and "MAGA". 
Had a roommate come in while I was playing that game *right* in the middle of that Leblanc massage minigame section. Christ. He was amused, thankfully, but holy hell they could not have made that more awkward.
It's also an extraordinarily useful reaction pic. 
J-Roc on Trailer Park Boys 
Ethan did a video on this, just search it and it'll be the first or second result. 
You're being a little generous even calling this an "argument". The person is doing the equivalent of plugging their ears and screaming until people stop talking. 
Foxy's act never seemed to me like it was going for the political jugular, either. He's always done observational/cultural humor about the southern life. 
Yes, it's a parody of rednecks. His act isn't so much Republican per se, although I think he's pretty conservative as a real person. 
Society is just oddly obsessed with suspecting dudes are gay. 
Also all of them having to come up with a story on the spot to keep up the ruse. "Uh.... Yeah! Gifts for the king! What do you have on you?" "Got some incense." "I have some of this tree resin stuff for perfumes and whatever." "*you guys didn't say anything about gifts* uhhhhhh... oh, here. Have some gold coins!" 
I dunno, considering the early/superstitious era of humanity at the time, and assuming the guy was just incredibly naive, this might have been the *one* time in human history that a savvy girl could have pulled it off. There wouldn't have been a "you're just trying to pull a Virgin Mary" rebuttal because she *was* that person. 

It'll never work again, of course. 
They seem so self evident to me. I'm not trying to give myself a pat on the back when I say that. It just seems so bizarre that people need to be "taught" this. Obviously the person we elected to lead the country should be able to be criticized. 
On the one hand, this sounds shady at worst and obnoxious for others at best.

On the other hand I am so incredibly jealous that people have this job. 
Something something soros 
Try harder, bud. We're here for you as always if you need help. 
A sort of modern day "hitting yourself with a switch forty times". I think I understand this post now. 
That gives me an idea for a recipe... 

I may be back later with a post for the sub. 
If I said it was safe, would you believe me? 
I'm enjoying the mileage we're getting out of this typo. 
Bachelor Chow: Now with Flavor 
See, you guys are thinking. An entire desert of resources. This is why you'll survive that apocalypse. 
I think I saw this before in my health textbook back in middle school. It was in the section on diseases. 
Well, they're obviously not recovering from sheer apathy and lack of interest in joy, I'll tell you that much. 
I want to assume this was made before Trump began his term and the creator isn't dumb enough to think that Obama would still even remotely be the right person to "ask" about this, but given the low intelligence of the meme, I can't quite be sure. 
I mean, NDAs can't stop people from putting the dots together on their own. That's obviously impossible. 
To be honest, even if it *was* a shite therapist this is still a terrible relationship for a variety of reasons and not worth continuing. 
They did try to arrange the delivery. He ignored the calls requesting it. 
Any business with custom orders that is routinely closed on Sundays (or any day of the week) is already used to this coming up, and it would be standard procedure to inform the customer. It's *possible* that an employee fucked up, but unlikely, as everyone working there would know full well. 

While I do agree that confirmation email details aren't as widely read as they should be, they're usually for stuff like "your ten dollar pizza is on the way" and you don't need to peruse them. If you're dropping $150 on a cake, though, a little more diligence is due. 
The idea is that, if theoretically called to task, the business owners would have to provide some concrete proof. For example, the confirmation email. There could be a "bullshit on bullshit" if they're unable to, but that's for another post. 
We boil all our denim. 
Part of me is really hungry now because that looks bomb as fuck. Another part of me wants to yell at you for posting something so non shitty in this sub
Definitely risky click of the day 
I feel ya, got that "can't spend too long to focus the camera, gotta get back to the game" vibe 
It reminds me of this one time as a kid where I put some Nutella on a tortilla and warmed it up a little. Like, it was good I guess, but the texture of the vessel just wasn't ideal. 
You don't need to defend yourself when it comes to avoiding food from gas stations. It's food from gas stations. 
I feel like Takis would be such a weird way to start the morning. But tasty.
Have the heat on full blast and get distracted or something and they get burnt and be too lazy to just make a new batch. I think that's OP's situation 
Gross dude, well done. 
Solid example of "I haven't gone shopping" sub material. 
It's a nonfiction opinion piece. You would obviously apply different logic depending on its fictional status or whether the situation implies endorsement. 
For the particularly gross submissions we should just start doing that as a tradition in the comments. Do the whole grassroots thing.

Now, I'd say four days. 
They're also both technically costumes according to at least one of the standard dictionary definitions. So the point the meme is trying to make is just wrong on all levels. 
Okay, I'll ask. Why unseasoned? Even so much as a single grinding of pepper or a small dash of hot sauce would make this so much better... 
That sounds dull as dirt, but with that specific kind of practicality I get the impression he'd do well during an apocalypse or something. 
What does the gender binary have anything to do with this?
Looks like potatoes and vegetables and stuff. I was only willing to look at the picture for a few seconds though. 
When people are asking what the hell the animal is, it's a fucking quality submission 
I feel like this is a more significant post than we realize at the moment. We'll look back on it as one of the classics. An example of everything the sub represents. 
Big difference between a little rough housing and someone straight up violently choking you. This advice is a dumpster fire. 
How would you not be deeply embarrassed as a person to admit something like that? "I am openly being irrational about a topic that specifically requires critical thought." I feel like no one would ever respect me again. 
I'm just surprised people are still talking about either thing. Why do they still care? Both were very mildly controversial things that generated a lot of discussion in very specific venues, but most people didn't give a shit about them. It's been months. 
It helps that John is such a reasonable guy. 
Teenagers love to tribalism
I like Post the guy on some H3 videos more than Post the artist. It's all good. 
He's a YouTuber and commentator who talks a lot about gaming industry trends, consumer advocacy, and so on. His arguments are usually well thought out and balanced. If you're into gaming, it's very interesting stuff to throw on in the background. 
Yeah, like I said, niche audience. The lack of future value for my time and effort just isn't there. But I've always wished I could justify doing it. 
Well, they're less informative and more speculative now in a lot of cases, so if you enjoyed his earlier content for what it was, this is a new direction. Maybe that's why? 
Why are people so fond of them? I don't remember. I think I tried them once but I was a kid. 
Diet Mountain Dew stepped up its game. The new recipe or whatever has 10 calories, so I think they put *juuuust* enough sugar to make it not suck. Acceptable tradeoff IMHO, although dear lord it wasn't always good. 
You know, I'm sure a million others have thought about this, but I've had an idea for a while now to actually "sell" CICO in the form of a no-nonsense dieting book with practical advice. It'd dispel a lot of fatlogic and give people the "dude, just give me the truth" information they need. No fads, no gimmicks, just compiled information and strategies to achieve it. I feel like a certain type of person would dig this. 
I don't even remember the last time I actually had to press a button for English. 
The two girls shared a bed until Lena was 17. There is no indication that any of this stopped. I feel like it is very easy to see why people were at least deeply concerned by this. 
That'll get you halfway through the boot animation! Which is all you really need. 
If you're old enough to be aware that your actions are things a sexual predator would do to woo a young girl, it's abuse. This should not be controversial. 
The Clinton family may be gone, but you wouldn't know it from the president's tweets! Christ. 
>Dunham writes of casually masturbating while in bed next to her younger sister, of bribing her with "three pieces of candy if I had could kiss her on the lips for five seconds . . . anything a sexual predator might do to woo a small suburban girl I was trying."
Not that this applies to Lena here, but I can understand someone preferring to keep names out of it to avoid public drama (especially if there's an ensuing court case or something). 
Abuse is still abuse, even if the abused person later says they were okay with it. We do not know what is motivating her to say that; many victims will defend their abuser for a variety of reasons, often fear.

Hell, even if it wasn't strictly abuse, it would still be *wildly* inappropriate sexual actions around your kid sister. That's barely marginally better. 
"You" as in whoever hypothetically does it, obviously. 
The newest Metroid on 3DS hid the following things behind Amiibos: an extra Aeion energy tank, an entire game mode, and a thing that pinpointed the exact location of Metroids on the map. Technically none of these are *essential*, but ugh. 
I mean you can see what she's doing. She's smiling. 
If multiple people leave one star reviews, especially in a new or less well known place, it can bring down the average and seriously damage their reputation. So before even reading the reviews you see that place is sitting at an awkward 3.2/5 or whatever, and you won't even bother. I get it. 
Spitting on someone is an extremely crass and hostile action. Don't be surprised if someone lays the smack down on you for it. 
What is that, like, five minutes of battery life? 
And then people get all flattered when you card them past a certain age. People are weird. 
It's a "depends on if the business gives a shit" thing. 
Real solid rebuttal of his argument there mate 
Literally every group of people in the world has some bad apples. 
He was saying the Jews thing as an example of how it is unfair to stereotype a very large group of people, which you have done here 
Noooooo! We lost another one to good manners! Argh! 
I can tell what they were going for with that, as in, to encourage people to chat with new connections. I just wish I could turn it off. 
Assuming the average amount of rooms at a full service hotel and the lowest iPad price, that's an approximately $100,000 initial purchase. Apple does offer bulk discounts in certain cases, but not very large ones. They'd also need to buy more to have on hand for theft and device failure, as well as have them installed in each room (with smart room integration into their specific ecosystem). Furniture is also a sunk cost since hotels already have it, unless it's a brand new one. 

If the hotel is making bank and wants to protect a certain image then this is, indeed, an easy and comparatively somewhat cheap way to class up the joint. Don't get me wrong. But it's definitely expensive in and of itself. 
I'm always surprised to see a Me and You and Everyone We Know reference out in the wild. 
This strikes me as an example of how the law for film/TV rights really hasn't caught up to the digital era. 
They're far enough along to have had a trailer showing all the new episodes. So it should be pretty soon. 
Wheeler's look is based on things that hide his actual features (cowboy hat, beard, aviators). It is entirely possible that he saw another guy with this look on a plane and mistook him for the singer/comedian. 
He's assuming the "-tard" part is because the term is a portmanteau of Donald [Trump] and retard. To be fair, not an uncommon mistake. 
I mean, maybe, but probably not. Do you have a concrete reason for it other than "it's stupid"? I gave an example of one I disliked for an actual reason. 
I don't have a list per se, but most celebrities (male or female), like, if they came up to my door for some reason and said, "Want to go to Disneyland randomly?" I mean I would probably say yes. They'd probably be the one paying, I'd snap a photo of the occasion, and have an odd little story to tell at future parties.
I'd rather minimize the amount of peripherals I have to carry around.
I've heard rumors that he is indeed in-character at the moment, much like Joaquin Phoenix during the production of "I'm Still Here".

Don't be surprised if it comes out that this was all subtle marketing.
Just think about the amount of porn that ipad has seen.
Also if it's the kind of hotel that springs for an iPad in every room, they're the kind of place that will definitely be motivated to fix this problem, so
I don't know what other term we could have used off the top of my head but I feel like that was a D+ effort on our part at best
The idea is still there. The specific "image macro with generic background plus Impact font top and bottom" thing is just out of style.
What you are witnessing here is the same process that happens every generation. "My slang terms are awesome, but this next generation's terms are bad because reasons!"

That's not to say all the new terms are great. I don't like "side chick" for example, on the basis of the behavior it promotes. But hating on the slang just for being new slang is silly. 
I think what bothers me about this word isn't so much the term itself, but the dumbass "I'm so incompetent, how do I manage to breathe?! lolz" attitude that tends to come with it.

Being an adult has some unique difficulties, yes, obviously. But ugh I am sick of the vibe. "Just set up the power bill for my new apartment. So difficult! Adulting sucks" bleh
I think problematic is a great term in a vacuum: an imperfect thing with issues worth addressing. I hate that it's been overused into uselessness. 
I tend to think of "common sense" as a definitely real and useful thing, but also as a *much*, much more fundamental/basal thing than what we're usually describing with the term. 

I'm talking really low level human adult intuition and such about very simple things. Just, like, how to survive without the house burning down at end of the day and stuff. Or that we all know more or less what a duck is, or we could reliably go to the store and successfully come back with specifically two apples or something. This is shit that we take for granted and it kind of comes from a common understanding of life being passed down. 

I think we use the term wrong almost all the time. 
Common names sometimes do get oddly mispronounced. I *miiiiight* have given the guy a the benefit of the doubt here just because some people really are that dumb (and brain farts are a thing), but the "posting on Sunday" thing plus the fact that they don't call names at that place kills all the even remote credibility. 
People get *baffled* both on the phone and in person by my name. It's not even a strange name at all, it's pronounced precisely how you'd expect from its spelling, it's just common here. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. It's a lifetime of annoying first world problems. 
It's worth pointing out that there have been studies done which show the psychological value of more income hitting at least a soft cap at around 70k or so.

While I agree that millionaires should consider their financial situation for the sake of perspective, this doesn't make their concerns as people automatically less valid. Also as far as I know, his protests aren't really about him per se... 
There is tactical value in not voting and then saying you didn't for such and such reasons, though ultimately I agree that it'd be more valuable to just get some more votes in good directions. 
Many players also achieve at least a small level of fame or recognition, and can turn that into further ventures, speaking gigs, etc. There are people who will pay good money just to have a former professional sports star show up to something. Or appear in their commercial. Or any number of things. 

You'd think Detlef Schrempf would be out of work by now, but nope, Parks and Recreation gig.

On top of that, some go into sports coverage, team management, and so on. 
There's also some heavy stuff about religious fundamentalism and wage slavery/workers' rights baked in to the society. Honestly it's one of the most fascinating settings the game industry has ever produced. 
No, that would just be a depiction of a certain situation an alcoholic might be in depending on their circumstances...?

Alcoholism has people at widely varying levels of addiction and functionality. Lahey's situation is a very common sight. 
That's... not glorification. You are describing levity. 

Also, the show uses black comedy extensively. His alcoholism isn't "teehee totes not serious just a funny quirk". It's portrayed as seriously hindering and/or ruining his life to varying degrees. 
Public social media way, as in the way she misrepresented him as her boyfriend and tagged him in the post?

The wording and his response imply this was a misunderstanding rather than something malicious, but people have a right to correct public misinformation about themselves. He was even polite about it. 

I'm sure it was mildly humiliating for her, but this is why people generally have "the talk" before committing to each other and using terms like boyfriend and girlfriend. He's hardly an asshole. 
88? Okay, I don't even think they should reasonably be able to call that a "cocaine test" anymore. 
Why is that, btw? I feel like if I were a cop, I wouldn't want to ruin people's days with made up charges. And even if I didn't care about that, I'd worry about being punished for a bullshit arrest. 
Add the typical debris one would find on the passenger seat floor of a car. "Are those weed shavings?" during a traffic stop. No joke. 
Not to mention the severity of the lie. Trying for a kid is a huge part of people's lives. It's not like she pretended she liked Depeche Mode for you or something. She continually lied about a fundamental aspect of your relationship. There is no coming back from this. 
Simple typo
I literally specifically acknowledged that it might depend on the area. 
Yikes, man... 
Oh, the guys who made the sign obviously had no clue how bad it was. I have no doubt they were just ignorant of the situation (and tbf being a little naive, since they could have looked it up). They sincerely apologized when people pointed it out to them. 
He technically noted that he was being insulting, but the chat log shows that it wasn't just "teehee" playful banter. It was him being a cuntasaurus. The bullshit here is that the ban was some sort of overreach, when it is very understandable with more context. 
Single user blocking is a bandaid solution because it's a game with a chat function, and the user in question is still free to roam and be racist and/or homophobic to other users. It also doesn't really disincentivize the behavior at all. 

Most developers of online games prohibit this kind of talk across the board (and have for decades in some cases) because it goes against their philosophy of the community they want to help cultivate in-game. I'd get used to it, because it's gonna be this way. 
I mean it's just straight up egregious racism and homophobia. They want their players to be able to play their game regardless of heritage or orientation, and this scares people off. They have a vested interest in squashing it. What are they supposed to do other than punish the player? 
You strike me as the kind of guy who would screech "Am I being detained?!" at the first sighting of a police officer. 
I thought "obummer" was the reining champ of lame Obama insults. This one might have unseated it as king. 
He clearly does like it. He's just salty from the ban
The n-bomb on the stream is indefensible and he deserves shit for it, but the first thing needs a little context.

He was doing a bit on Fiver to show the absurd things people would do on that site for five bucks (they offer their services upfront and you can contact them on there).
 

He purposefully wrote an outlandishly offensive statement for two guys in a remote village somewhere to write on a sign, which is what they were offering, and it's clear from context that he didn't actually think they'd go through with it (because it was outlandishly offensive). In the video you actually see him react in complete shock that they accepted his offer and went through with it.


You miiiiiiight hear it as an insult here in America, and I suppose it depends on where you are in the country, but it doesn't seem common. I have literally never heard it in almost two decades in California. 
Wow, did that... actually just happen on the internet? I'm blown away. Someone learned that they were being insensitive, albeit accidentally, and *resolved to be more aware* in the future. Holy fucking shit. 
Big difference between "the internet" at large and a specific game community, too. A developer has every right to enforce a higher standard of communication conduct in their game than your average YouTube comment section. 
Alternative: first date is get drunk and find girl on Tinder who is also drunk and make terrible decision at 1am, repeat.
Can confirm, distinct actual dates with dinner and entertainment are expensive; this generation kinda ditched them outside of special occasions.

Now it's just sort of enigmatic, ill defined "wanna hang out?" which has its positives and negatives but at least you're not dropping two to three figures. 
In some of my higher level math/econ/finance classes in college they just handed you a sheet of formulas and wished you luck. It wouldn't help you unless you knew what you were doing anyway. 
It's still pretty useful for game guides, especially with older titles. 
Same, if I see someone kind of sitting around obviously wishing they could get into things, I'll always try to include them in a game or something. 
Close your eyes during an Office episode and you'll miss some visual gags, but you can still appreciate it because it has decent writing.

Take out the laugh track on a lot of sitcoms and they really suffer.

To be fair, they built the pacing of those shows around that laugh track, and might try something different if they didn't have one, but as is it's one of the cheapest tricks by a mile. Clever camera work and editing doesn't even compare. 
They gave him Melo's traits too, and unfortunately L and Melo are wildly contrasting characters. 