I'm sorry that you feel that way. If you ever feel the need to vent, my inbox is open.
Hey my fellow human, don't just end your life. There's always something better than death.
In the what?
Or you just acknowledge him being one of the most influential people in the PC gaming YouTube scene for then past 7+ years? And your free speech is worthless if you just want to kick somebody who is literally fucking dying.
Wenn's in die Tausender geht, ist das nicht petty.
Ich wollte da eigentlich nur wegen TB hin.

Ich wollte da unbedingt hin, hatte aber kein Geld und keinen der mit dir da hin wäre...


Man eh, manche Dinge verpasst Mensch einmal und dann kommen sie nie wieder.
Es ist einfach Mist, zu sehen, wie sehr jemand am Leben hängt und nach und nach die Hoffnung verliert.
Get outta here
Was eine verfluchte Scheiße.

DER Gamingyoutuber. Hat mir Dark Souls gezeigt, Warframe, Path of Exile und noch so viel mehr.

Sein Podcast ist wöchentliches Pflichtprogramm.


Man fuck fuck fuck fuck.
Should've gone to London, to Jesses CoxCon instead of staying home.

I'll never forget how I missed out on that.

Fuck man.
.. only to find yourself in a GIF folder under your documents.
But if you tweak it a bit, it'll actually find all the old .GIFs you have on your PC. Named for the programs.

JUST NOT THE DAMN PROGRAM ITSELF
They needed to compete with FireFox, at least on some level.
They want your data and for you to look at ads.

It's that fucking simple.
Take a look at [this](https://www.statista.com/statistics/371925/ratio-of-government-expenditure-to-gross-domestic-product-gdp-in-venezuela/). It's actually quite hard to find proper GDP (=BIP) numbers that break down where it's coming from etc.
Being on mobile, I cannot find proper English sources right now, but for example [this](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://wko.at/statistik/laenderprofile/lp-venezuela.pdf&sa=U&ved=0ahUKEwiep_6ivOLaAhXMZ1AKHcWvBgEQFggLMAA&usg=AOvVaw1voo8NQXOuCFkoc8CVTQNZ) (pdf warning) proves my point.

If you would spend 5 minutes googling, you'd probably find better sources.

I'll post some better ones when I have access to my PC again.
Because I don't want to go overboard with my understanding of it, plus I don't know if my English is good enough to properly provide the nuances that would apply to, for example, the newest Deus Ex' punk parts (the aug slums for example).
Did they ever release proper textures for anything that isn't PS3/Xbox360? 

Because that's the worst thing I remember about it, the textures being fugly.
It has so many flaws, but the few really good moments are SO worth it. Same of the Syndicate shooter - that one is good with an FoV fix.
You obviously are misunderstanding what Cyberpunk is about.

Do you want somebody to explain it to you, or are you willing to google it yourself?


Imagine being able to walk into an ingame arcade or holo-disk store and play The Witcher or Gwent or both.
There are many.

Deus Ex. Remember Me. Mirror's Edge. (Shadowrun). Syndicate (the 2012 shooter). (Satellite Reign). (RUINER). That bar game. etc etc etc etc

Then there's also the games that skirt that edge: seven - the days long gone, all the Steampunk games (due to Steampunk being inspired by Cyberpunk), and many games have at least subthemes from cyberpunk like "High tech, low life" - Fallout for example. 
Beside it having no depth, a boring story and somewhat lackluster-feeling car sections?
I wholeheartedly agree. 

But that's how F2P games work, isn't it? Customer retention and all that to the max.
I've never spent money on it.

But I haven't played in 2 years, either.

It's quite possible to play F2P but it demands a hard grind.
Oder wird es gerade von einem politischen Opportunisten als Symbol der Christlichen Kirchen Deutschlands und der Verbundenheit des bayrischen Staates zu diesen genutzt?

Ich würde ja sagen, also ist es das Symbol eines christlichen Spinners.
True, true - aber hier gerade der Spinner.
Then make her condition be even more annoying/deck shaping, or just bump her down 2 or 3 points. Or allow me to set her to 1 in hand. (currently on that reveal assassin set to 1 combo train-love)
Starcraft is basically one of the best free SP games.

The old C&Cs are also free (up to Tiberium Sun I think?).
Weil es impliziert, dass Deutschland eine christliche Staatskirche hat. (Weil das Kreuz das Symbol der Christlichen Spinner ist)


And take Ciri Nova with them.
Over 70% of the BIP is made by privately owned firms and cooperations...


But hey, you call it socialism.

(In which no means of production would be privately owned but somehow Reddit cannot grasp this simple concept)
Na wenn du meinst.
Wenn du vom Leben nichts erwarten kannst, sind dir die Regeln halt egal.
Yea, this is the first time in this thread I've had this phenomenon happen.
I am aware. But scorch is just the easiest answer to it.
Getting the discharge with a CoC gem into the flicker 6l will somewhat increase the damage. Using 2 cospris could improve the damage. Using the shield that makes your hits always hit would help. Getting volls devotion will increase the damage. etc etc etc 
It's basically 

>have removal or lose

In a somewhat creative way (build your deck in a specific way).

So it's not TOTALLY awful. Just mostly awful.
God that build is so unoptimized, too many uniques that don't do anything it feels like.
Please remind the dev team that from every game somebody loses, there will be frustration over SOMETHING because they cannot POSSIBLY be playing less-than-perfectly (see rage).
That's the gist of "Probezeit", yes.
But muh shitposting over LITERALLY COMMUNISM IS THE DEVIL 
Thanks for being reasonable :)
>It seems like a very bad argument

We both agree on that. I was just trying to give perspective on the whole thing.
And Bismarck only did that out of his hatred towards the SPD, to weaken their position. See "Sozialistengesetze".

Right after WW2 it wasn't immediately obvious which of the Germanys would be better for the people - and besides the fact that the BRD and the DDR both had masses of exnazis in their structures, they both were vying for the "true Germany" status.

And yes, of course it's nonsensical to, at this point in time (1950s) assume the social security systems were put in place because of the DDR, but they were put in place to combat socialist influence over 60 years before that.

Hope I could make this understood.
Or you're in your first 6 months of work.
Or that you can't play HD quality on basically any Android device.
Uhm.

I would recommend you read up again on German history in the 1840s-1890s.
FYI: the second German Reich implemented public social care, health care, pensions, etc to alleviate pressure from the socialists.

It isn't THAT far fetched to imagine many things during the cold war to be pushed because of ideology.
Well, you lot suck at protecting your customers, instead you protect the companies who prey on the users.
Yea, at this point, I'm just waiting for the last season of GoT and then I'm done with his work.


Spend 5$ and get Fences.

All the icons & all the wallpaper space at the same time.
RB? Einfach gedrückt halten.
Understandable - when I played CoC Cyclone Frostbolt/Freezing Pulse, I would just get "into the zone" and chain 20+ maps if I had the time.

Half a year ago I did the same with Oro Flicker Zerker, just nonstop flow the whole time.
>  you move or mix/adapt

Well, the adaptation of forming an armed nation state that fights back against all aggression with equal or stronger aggression isn't something most people (including me) like. 

And since you are literally going

>Oh it happens to EVERYBODY so it doesn't matter

I'll ask, why then give a shit about the Palestinians? (and they deserve peace just as much as the Israelis)
Why in the fucking fuckshit the fuck is this happening?

Are they fucking stupid?!!!!
Well, I disagree on the whole "genocide" and "Apartheid" thing (as in, I don't conform with the notion that the shit-state of Israel is enacting an apartheid genocide on the Palestinians), but besides that, yes, the right-wing bullshit that's been going on in Israel is inexcusable. 
History.

The amount of hatred towards Jews from the other monotheistic religions is more than proven, and some fucking how it even taints the radical left, with all the stupid fucking apartheid nonsense that was just pushed through the UN by all the states that have started wars against Israel simply because they see it as an embodiment of the Jewish faith.

And you hopefully don't need a history lesson on the history of this. If you need a quick refreshment on how long this shit has been going on, let me give you a quote from wikipedia, since I can't be bothered to start quoting primary sources:

> In the First Crusade (1096) flourishing communities on the Rhine and the Danube were utterly destroyed. Furthermore, there were also attacks on the Jews that lived in cities along the Rhine.

There even were "home crusades" who basically started the idea that the unbelievers were here, at home, and not in Jerusalem - aka kill the Jews. 

etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc. 

But by all means, keep the hatemongering for BAD ISRAEL up. Maybe it'll give the state Israel a government that isn't as racist, right-wing or embarrassing to watch.
I just said a safe zone for the Jewish people needs to exist. 

Which is quite obvious when we look at what has happened to them over the centuries.

It's sad that it had to happen in state form.
Oh god please no, not this discussion over here. 

Israel needs to exist in some form, else the worldwide antisemitism will sho'a the Jewish people again. The current form is far from perfect.

Too bad there's assholes on both sides in that conflict, who will never stop the cycle of hate between Palestinians and Israelis, and so we will have this conflict with us for a long, long time.
I'm starting to feel like I need a replacement for my NVIDIA Shield K1. 

Any similar sized tablets with equal processing power and better battery life available?
This right here.

Just give me another C&C that doesn't suck.

I'll even settle for a carbon copy of Tiberium Wars with a new campaign. You can even cut the aliens for all I care.

Give me a proper Generals 2.

Base building, tank spamming, face destroying RTS fun.

And Age of Empires 4 has got such low expectations from me.. 
Compare it to gun usage of other police forces (UK, Germany, France) and the statistics look awful.
She wants brain-dead flow. 

And besides CoC Discharge shield charge, there's flicker strike - both of them just bullrush through maps without big trouble.
Bei mir?

Keine mehr. 

Hab nur noch so halbe, die ich durch angepasste Atmung und Verdeutlichung der Situation unter Kontrolle bekomme.
Du kannst das schaffen. Nicht aufgeben.

Therapie, Pillen, n Lebensstilwechsel, was auch immer, probier's aus!
Ich kenne das Gefühl zu gut..

Kleine Brötchen backen, Tag für Tag, Schritt für Schritt, von Minute zu Minute.

Und dann kommt das alles.

Wird anstrengend, manchmal überwältigend, immer gegen die Motivationslosigkeit anzugehen.

Aber am Ende lohnt es sich doch, immer wenn du die kleinen Erfolgserlebnisse hast - ein Tag ohne Weinen, ein Tag ohne Selbsthass, ein Tag mit Gelächter, ein Tag unterwegs ohne Panikattacke..

Viel Glück.
I get it.

IF you ever feel the need to try it again, go for a flicker strike build, and have fun clearing at ultraspeed. And use a guide!
If you get past the learning curve in PoE, you can get into that brain off flow on many, many builds.
Bastion, hands down.
Holy shit dude, well done.
In short, fuck you dude.

Ain't arguing with idiots that instantly insult.
The site doesn't come even close to properly slamming GGG for their MTX shenanigans.

Currency you have to buy and can't extract, RNG shitboxes, terrible shop, premium tabs and their importance (without them you're basically unable to sell), the extremely overdone pricing..
Their desktop cooling solutions are a joke, their dekstop business in general is a joke.

Their customer support is overpriced and sometimes non-existant (as with their new $5000 machine).

Your instant insults make you seem insecure and a fanboy, who identifies themselves over the worth of a product. You're supporting an overpriced brand that has, besides its strong mobile processors, nothing note worthy to actually appreciate.

And for my dislike for them, they did that themselves with the iMac G4 and their shit support, overpriced everything and limited upgradeability.
Warframe, according to the NoClip documentary.
Und vielleicht könnten dann vielleicht endlich die Pendlerprobleme gelöst werden.

Die Zufahrt nach Bremen zu Pendelzeit ist quasi ein Glücksspiel, die Züge überfüllt, die Straßenbahn überlastet..


Wish there was a modern equivalent of it.
The title is fucking perfect.

I love that movies sense of switching between drop dead serious and drop dead hilarious, and the title would fit both a comedy and a drama.
>other half

In what world do you live that Apple has 50% market share?????
Fuck Apple, and fuck their fanbase of raging idiots.
Romantic Flash
Because the campaign is popcorn action deluxe.

Still won't buy it, I'd rather sail the seven seas than do that.
Both worth it, both better than the main game actually. 

But Blood & Wine is the better one, especially if you want to get Fernweh to the Mediterranean.
It's emotionally manipulating, and you know it.
I do not want shiny shitmedals.
They should just revert to MMR.
Some do, some don't.
17 hours on the second here in Germany.
Other parts of the world had it for over 16 hours already.
Ja, BW ist hart gefickt. Viel Glück ihr UM-Kunden, hoffentlich bekommt ihr heute noch irgendwas wieder zum laufen.
Blizzard fanbois will gobble everything up, so it's only logical to milk them for everything they got.
Ja und du zeigst damit, dass du also nicht verstanden hast, warum es sowas überhaupt gibt.

Wander in die USA aus und freu dir einen ab.
Eine Steigerung von 13% (ca 400.000 Menschen) gegenüber der Quote von vor den Syrern. (Wie viele waren das laut den AfDlern, 2Millionen+++?)

Das ist doch erstaunlich gering, hatten Leute wie du nicht 50-90% Arbeitslosigkeit bei denen erwartet?
Wenn Menschen nicht arm wären, wären sie nicht arm.

Bestechende Logik.

Und du glaubst ehrlich das die Politik der schwarzen Null Investitionen zulassen würde, selbst mit 0 H4-Empfängern?
H4 kostet Geld, nein ach was nein doch ohhh?

Bist du eigentlich vollkommen ab von der Rolle?

Deutschland zu gute kommen, was eine Schande das so zu formulieren.

Wie könnte es Deutschland denn mehr zu gute kommen als dass es einen Teil der Bevölkerung vorm Verhungern, der Obdachlosigkeit und den absoluten Elend schützt?


Meine Fresse, was ist das denn hier?

Habt ihr alle sämtlichen gesunden Menschenverstand verloren?

Geschwafel von Dschihadisten, das alte "Unsere Rentner"-Argument um zwei sozial schwache Gruppen gegeneinander auszuspielen, und dann auch noch die übliche "HartzIV = wertloser Mensch"-Rhetorik.

Ekelig Leute, aber so richtig. Da kann ich ist gar nicht genug fressen um so viel zu kotzen.

Fickt euch, ihr empathiebefreiten Menschenfeinde voll Hass auf die sozial Schwächeren, und anstatt Ursachen zu bekämpfen und Lösungen zu finden tretet ihr noch brav hinterher.

Edit: Dschihad.
That's exactly what I said. 

It's not like there's a situation there RIGHT NOW where there's a shitload of smoke, disguised Hamas in between protesters and the IDF wants to hold the fence. 

Basically, right now, that fence and surrounding area is a war zone, more-so than usually.
Like fucking tearjerkingly awfully incredibly sad. Fuck man.
You know full well what the Swastika means in this context, and why the Palestinians used it.

It's not offensive.

It's saying: "We wish the Nazis would've gotten all of you"


..........

Alter deine kognitive Dissonanz zeigt sich mal wieder. Mach den Rechner aus.
Spinemangler.
Looks fun!
That stormvermin boss didn't take DMG from my weakspot hit-dots with the Hagbane
That's a grudgin'!
Not against armored enemies.
It doesn't seem to be a Muslim, so fuck off with the nonsense already.
No longer in production and a beloved product = inflation of price.
No more speak-talk, no-fur! Queek will kill-gorge sharp-ear!
I can't believe it, such an easy solution to the problem.

And I couldn't solve it. Damnit.
The answer to end all answers.
Yes, let us argue away the fact that modern weapons are way more efficient and allow you to more quickly kill more people while hiding yourself somewhere.

's ok, I know reddit is crazy for every person having at least a 9mm in their pocket so they can shoot each other.
Gunnut in the wild, using Nazi Germany as an argument in the gun control debate..

Americans.
>.. finally back to making buying packs ok

FTFY
That has nothing to do with the point of people being scared of basically nothing.
I'm just poking fun at the fact that people in a nation with 350+million people get scared of a thousand people.
>1200 people

> Invasion force


US-Americans, ladies and gentlemen.
Yea.
Hence me saying you shouldn't be able to taste the distinct sweetness (in short, taste) of sugar in bread.
No, you shouldn't be able to taste the damn sugar in normal bread.
Or the roads in the Netherlands, Denmark, France, Austria, Switzerland..
Well, the why seems obvious: because there are actually intersections. Like, + intersections. 
Also there's automatic stabilization etc in modern cars, so it makes driving in harsh conditions a lot easier.
Well, you shouldn't be able to taste the sugar is the point I think.
You could. 
Nuclear bomb incoming! Dududududu
Just helping out
https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/4t2sey/commie_vision/
...

Nicht das hohle Phrasengedresche usw der deutschen Politik.

Die "Refugees Welcome"-Idee inklusive Logo
Ist halt nur über 10 Jahre älter als die derzeitige Flüchtlings"Krise", weil schon damals Deutschland Asylanten hasste.
Der alte Nonsens wieder. 

Gibt so viele Dinge, mit denen man Stalin & Konsorten (aka "kommunistische" Diktatoren) fertig machen kann, muss es denn UNBEDINGT Quasi-Propaganda mit vielen nebulösen Quellen, strittigen Zahlen und dem willentlichen Ignorieren des Fakts das Hitler WWII startete, 6 Million nur die Juden zählt (und in den Lagern waren mehr als nur Juden, siehe bspw Wikipedia) usw usf sein?
[MFW](https://media1.tenor.com/images/a5a2252bd5e76b8a76f51da11aac732e/tenor.gif?itemid=5631135) Idioten echt glauben, dass Refugees Welcome von irgendwelchen Parteifuzzies vorgegeben wurde
You're accusing me of valuing an Arabic life less than someone else. What, besides racism, that could be, I don't know.


>Why don't you put down your government-approved copy of **Win A Losing Argument by Claiming Racism** and join the conversation with the big boys?

WTF is all I can say about this bullshit of yours.
It's a Zionist idea that created a state that has over 30% of people that are not Jewish.
The crime is your foul existence, the sentence is death!
The fuck?

What Vegas money and where the fuck do you pull that racist shit from?


Ah you're that kind of person.

Have fun in your echo chamber.
Depends as well.

If you support Hamas, I'll call you a terrorist supporter.  
If you call Israel "Apartheid" I'll just ignore you.  
If you call for peace, you aren't a terrorist.  

Depends on the criticism, actually.

If it panders to the old cliché of "well poisoning child murderer" or similar bullshit, you're being anti-Semitic.   
If you call it "the Jews are slaughtering Palestinian people", you're being anti-Semitic (because those are Israeli soldiers, not exclusively Jewish soldiers)

And so on.
> The war was fought between many countries

And started by Nazi Germany with the unprovoked attack on Poland.

> blaiming it all on the germans doesnt yeild anything 

Except the fact that they started it. So it's their fucking fault.

>excuses the crimes of all the other factions. 

No it fucking doesn't? They still started it.

> The rape of Nanking? 

Pacific theater =/= European theater.

>The Versailles treaty is partially to blame and the "punishment" enacted on Germany aftet ww1 (a war they didnt start) couldnt have led to anything other than war. Germany was destroyed and torn apart.

So you're saying the Nazis were the logical result? That is incredibly short-sighted and ignorant of the actual history.

>Not excusing Nazi crimes but the world isnt black and white.

You're belittling them, and in this case, the world is very clear black and white.

>People werent gassed in concentration camps. They were in extermination camps. Concentration camps were for forced labour.

And there were no extermination camps in the Soviet Union. 

If you truly are naive enough to believe what you're saying, I can only tell you to further educate yourself from verified sources (ie, not some shitty Wehraboo nonsense) about, well, the following, in order of importance:

 - Difference between Gulags and the KZ system

 - The Weimarer Republic and its rise and fall

 - Germany and France's history before the first World War (Prussia-Franco War of 1870/71 especially)

 - World War I (specifically, the blanko check that the German Kaiser gave the Köng-Kaiser of Austria)

 - World War II (specifically, why the Germans started it (Lebensraum) and how their attacks are wholly unprovoked)
The second option yes please, but also for Salzeimer.
That would explain why I hate it. The content of that movie is such incredible shit that people unironically like.
The Nazis started the second world war, so their death toll is quite a bit more than any other regime.

>His gulags were just as bad as the KZs

No they fucking weren't even close to deliberately gassing people.

But eh, fucking people like you with no clue spouting the same old shit.
Ahhh every world news thread ever.

No you fool, the Soviet Union was not as terrible as the Nazi Reich.
God we need that mod footage from all weapons all classes asap.
How about make it a MONTHLY EVENT, like every first Saturday every month..?
If that is your fucking point, we'd never have Aprils Fools since there's always not-01.04. somewhere on the world.
You are aware that the world does not revolve around NA?
Die Ukraine ist außerdem gespalten zwischen Osten und Westen, politisch und wirtschaftlich von Russland abhängig und hat gerade einen Bürgerkrieg am Laufen.

Ähnlichkeiten sind an den Haaren herbeigezogen.
So the next time I see somebody from the Northern states arguing against solar, I should show them this.
There are exceptions for religious, historical and artsy causes.
They shouldn't be able to block invis backstabs either.
TBH fuck the whole HP system. It doesn't make sense at all.
Nein. 
Ach die Geschichte.

Ich hatte einen Schlüssel mit .. wann ging Mensch normalerweise in die 2te Klasse? 7 oder 8? und meine Mutter hat halbtags gearbeitet, also war quasi immer jemand da, aber n Schlüssel hatte ich trotzdem..
Schlüsselwas?
Ich war in den USA.

Nichts dergleichen wurde verlangt.

??
I really disliked Pillars of Eternity.

Also it isn't turn-based - you might want to consider Divinity Original Sin and the Shadowrun games.
The demo of Delta Force: BHD was what me and a buddy played when we were small kids.

It had the mission where you fly in on Little Birds, get some people from a compound, defend the compound, then get the people to the convoy.

How many times I've played it, I cannot count. How many times I died to that fuckin roof RPG on the last steps.. that too, I cannot count.

But the satisfaction of finally reaching the convoy was crazy.
As someone who started playing this after not playing since CB, damn this sub is depressing.
Started a new round, had luck and only one enemy close to me. Promptly conquered that poor Chinese.

Now I'll expand rapidly and go for culture and science.
Well, I got my ass handed to me with over 15 warriors. I had 3 + 1 slinger. No amount of strategy saves me there, right?
How the fuck do I keep up early game (@ Emperor Civ6 R&F)?

Making fast expands doesn't seem to work. I cannot come even close to AI unit production, I get backed into a corner by their early cities, etc
I wish they would enable it on a skill-by-skill manner.
> 
> I'm... actually unaware of supercomputing applications in insurance.

Data models for what customers are more likely to get injured more often by analyzing raw amounts of data?
A fucking massacre, that's what it is.

Top right when playing there are 3 buttons, the middle one (iirc) allows you to switch audio lines and subtitles. (On Android mind you)
The first episode is such a mindfuck
Fun detected - it'll never happen.
I hate the fact that you might be somewhat right.
By the way, is Freezing pulse shotgunning with the threshold gem projectiles?
Yea it's incredibly boring to constantly hear Kappa or something like that
And Reave.

They fixed a few skills and left many behind.
Aber muh Ausländer/Immigranten/nicht-Biodeutsche sind besonders böse!
> Landssprache (meist türkisch) quasi geheim unterhalten

Das hier ist der springende Punkt für Cliquenaufbau - "In-Group"-Sprache, egal ob es Slang oder Fremdsprache ist, sorgt für hochgradige Identifikation mit der Gruppe. 
I played a CoC Cyclone with FP + FB last season. It stills feels clunky to scale when selfcasting. (The projectile speed interaction etc)
Ice Nova with +range and +dmg.


Why is FP so clunky to scale?

This is my number one thing for all of these reworks - LESS CLUNK! 
As long as you switch to a different keyboard, it's alright. And since Google seems hellbound on fucking up Android...
Ist echt nicht mehr witzig weil die Rechten das WIRKLICH glauben..
Just the German spelling
Some do.

Well, it isn't really about being lazy and more about what to focus on, since German history around that time is highly complex, full of anecdotes and intrinsically linked with continental European history
There's quite a few important details I've left out. When I find another hour today, I can bore you with those.
OK, as I promised - here's more.[ TL;DR](http://www.bielski.de/karten/ME1812-1937x.gif)

We start at 1812. This [map](http://cliomaps.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/1812-DTL-X.png) shows us that the French own big parts of modern day Germany. And the German states are a big clusterfuck.  

[This](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/02/2d/9d/022d9d56a0fd1efa339f0ccbcb15fb8e.jpg) is what it looks like after the French tried to attack Russia, failed etc.

We can see two big players - Prussia (blue) and Austria (orangy). These are vying for dominance in the Germanosphere. 

We jump to 1848/49, revolutions everywhere - here the idea of a united Germany springs even more into focus. The revolutions fail, bla bla, boring.

Jump forward to the Austro-Prussian war of 1866, in which Prussia won, which pushes Austria out of the German Reich (Kleindeutsches Reich) and basically unites the Northern German states with it. [Map](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/Europe_1867_map_de.png) 

Jump to 1870/1871, Prussia (+ other German states) vs France. This is *the* German unification war, because as the end result of this war, the second Deutsches Reich came into being. Under the dominance of the Prussians. [Map](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/dd/Europe_1871_map_en.png/1280px-Europe_1871_map_en.png)

And this is where the Erbfeindschaft (inherited hostility) began.  Wikipedia calls it enmity, a word I haven't heard before since I've not properly discussed this topic in any language but German before, but the [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French%E2%80%93German_enmity) is a good way of finding out more (and this is already a fucking wall of text).

Also the whole Elsass-Lothringen thing.
You better go visit it.

[La Cité](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/25/1_carcassonne_aerial_2016.jpg/1280px-1_carcassonne_aerial_2016.jpg) is incredible.
Yea. In order o unify the German states, they created out of nowhere this "the French have always been our enemies"-thing.

Worked a bit too well.

More on this when I'm in front of my PC
Worst part about the first post is the created hatred between Germany and France in the 18th century.
Zuschauen ist die derzeitige Realität, Alternative ist eine UN-Mission mit besseren Rechten.
Well, tell that to me.. 9 years ago. Yea. 

Also, coming from Source engine games, I was used to being able to mod basically anything and not get banned for it.
How about they first add everything and THEN give a shit about balance. And please, only give a shit about balance in the challenges where you can compare yourself, SP can be broken as all shit.
Even though it's not a cardgame, look at Path of Exile for an example of that - they cannot properly polish many things and are lagging behind on fixing, art, etc
Well, then give your fucking game a bigger default FoV than 65 and I won't get motion sick.
VAC itself is awesome, except in non-Valve games. Usually it takes a few games to get the implementation into the engine right.

Case-in-point: my still upheld ban in MW2 for either the English patch or the FoV changer.
AnCap-Logik 101
Ist klar. "Normales Verhalten des allgemeinen Türken".

Fuck off.
Wie ja?

Geht's noch?
Wie die Fliegen auf'n Mist.
I went over 40 hours and 35+ tries to get my first win on the first map @ 100%

Just spam snipers and Thanatos. If you think you have enough, you don't. (I had 90+ snipers and 40 Thanatos)

Then pull them all back together to the main building, put double walls around that and you'll win.
LOL!
Oder die ganze Woche.

Hab das schon ein paar Mal häufiger gehabt (Roboterreaktion auf emotional überfordernde Situation) und jedes Mal konnte ich tagelang nicht vernünftig schlafen bzw mich entspannen.
Yea, I know.

I'm at 22/40 and ready to quit, basically. I want my 36 but I don't know if I can stomach to continue this shit.
Germanys Green Party, explicitly anti war, greenlight this action as the first war of the Bundeswehr because of the ethnic cleansing.

That should tell you something about how severe this was.
It's the reason everything (map pack size etc) gets nerfed to shit.

Pease remove it and give everyone more drops.
Bricks don't have white sockets.
Fuck the leeroy nerf to this day.

With just the auctioneer nerf, miracle rogue would still be fun. With both of them, it just became boring.
The combat is click rhythm based. Once you've understood how it works, actually quite fun.
You should play Witcher 1.

It has a rhythm based combat style that takes some getting used to and sexism deluxe, but it's a fine game with a very interesting and engaging story line.
Who is this we?
This shit is about the freaking book spoilers.
Overspending on overpriced things and loot boxes...

Yea, learn to respect money and yourself just a tiny bit.
Easily is not the word I'd use
This is a pure coop experience. The bots are basically worthless.

There's matchmaking.
Edit this you spoiler-ruiner!
Get outta here with the spoilers my god
There's auto matchmaking, both for random maps and specific maps.

Depends on the difficulty and your skill. 10-30 minutes?

You play it again!
That FoV mod got me banned..
>"Ausbeutung". Solche Aussagen können echt nur aus den gemütlichen pupswarmen Wohnzimmern der deutschen Mittelschicht kommen.

Achja, ist gut, lass bleiben. Da kann ich ja jetzt sagen was ich will, bestätigt ja alles nur deine Meinung.

Aber UNS GEHT ES JA SO GUT, WIR DÜRFEN JA NICHTS KRITISIEREN!
> 
> Damit man über Steuern auch Geld bekommt braucht man erstmal überhaupt eine Wirtschaft.

Aber wenn jegliches Einkommen der Wirtschaft an der Steuer vorbeigeht, ist es irrelevant. 

>Und selbst wenn, wenn zwei Leute gleichzeitig profitieren ists doch um so besser.

Und so steigt die Ungleichheit weiter, aber es ist ja umso besser.

>Du willst dich jetzt darüber beschweren dass es den Entwicklungsländern nicht von heute auf morgen so gut geht wie Industriestaaten? Oh ja, böser böser Kapitalismus.

Ja, ich will mich beschweren, dass die ehemaligen Kolonialmächte ihre Kolonien noch immer benachteiligen und ausbeuten, jetzt nur durch Großfirmen.
>
Da weiß ich echt nicht wo ich anfangen soll

Bspw an dem Punkt, an dem Steuern für Infrastrukturbildung notwendig sind?

> r-o-f-l. Niemand hat so stark von der Globalisierung profitiert wie Entwicklungsländer.

Niemand, ja? Also, außer den Firmen, die davon profitieren?

/u/vepanion du sollst irgendwas erläutern..


>https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/06/The_World_as_100_People.png/1280px-The_World_as_100_People.png


Die Industrialisierung und Globalisierung hat also insgesamt mehr Menschen zu einem besseren Leben verholfen .. IN DEN LETZTEN 200 JAHREN? Was ein toller Vergleich, wow. 
> Ist ein Buzzword für ganz normale Lohnentwicklung im Prozess der Preisbildung.

Ist der Epitome der Verarmung der Arbeitnehmer. Aber nenns ruhig "Lohnentwicklung".

>Europäische Landwirtschaftssanktionen verzerren den Markt und sind ein Problem das stimmt, aber sonst gilt das Prinzip der komparativen Kostenvorteile.

Keine Chance Kostenvorteile zu nutzen, wenn der Markt durch subventionierte, hochtechnisierte, etablierte Großunternehmen dominiert ist.

>>Ausbeutung

>konretisierE

Im Ernst, da kannst du dir nichts zu denken? Also, das typisch-kapitalistische Ausbluten eines armen Landes?


>Wirtschaftliche Entwicklung ist erstmal das wichtigste Ziel, plus manche afrikanischen Länder haben extrem hohe Steuersätze, die Wachstum zu großen Teilen verhindern.

Also hast du lieber Leute, die alle Gewinne außer Landes schaffen und damit das Land verkrüppeln, weil sie alle Ressourcen nutzen ohne dafür zu zahlen. ..
You'll lose the challenge, and the need for constant quicksaves.

Quite worth it - go for one armour and spam the associated attacks and you'll do just fine.
Yea, might be. They would mean the same thing in this context though, calling Putin a good democrat.
Lumpenreiner Demokrat - that's what Schröder called Putin while he was still Chancellor.

Basically, " a total democrat".
If you're standing still for 60s, the AI director is doing something wrong, it should be able to push you out of position with specials.

The Sigmar-Church-fight is my counter argument, it's the most fun part of the game. Basically unending horde with specials mixed in, while standing in a corner.
Okay, here's the thing: If you do not like killing hordes of enemies, this is literally the wrong game. Because this is a game about killing hordes of enemies. OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
Tencent wouldn't exist under socialism.


But in the hypercapitalist paradise that modern day China is..
Wrong game for you then, it is literally called Vermintide.
Because surely, technical side is artstyle.
Useful and entertaining!
Worst case is Elf third class ult trying to backstab those. They just INSTANTLY TURN AROUND AND BLOCK YOUR SHIT.
EXCEPT IT FUCKING HEALS ITSELF.

God I hate it when I / a team member fails to dodge the grab. Infuriating.
Keeping in mind Venezuela was not in any way socialist that actually has any connection to Socialism, just the 'murican "the more government does, the socialister it is" mumblebullshit.

**https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=le86H7Xfjrc**
You can call the artstyle shit if you want to, but it sure as fuck isn't weeabo.
And that's exactly what I was arguing. Not about the artstyle.
And way, way better than HS'.

And there isn't even any debate to be had here, artwork and animation-on-the-card-wise Gwent kicks Hearthstone in the ass.

Besides that though, some of the effects on the board are weak.
Who doesn't?
Quick-quick man ~~filfth~~ mod, no-furs need to ~~die-die~~ flair-flair!
Often the subtitles don't match what is said.
Just to step out of the circle for a second: it's like that in most places, sadly.
Breaking your knuckles beating up some homeless person
I would recommend you look into the early half life 2 modding scene. It will yield many low poly single player mode that are quite enjoyable.


And yet you list the first Witcher?
.. rarity isn't equal to price.
He died with the sextant rework and the removal of breach eh?
That they are.

But it had to be made
Snipers and Thanatos. You don't really need anything else but 40Ts and 90S.
.. laut Wikipedia, DOCH.
Genauer, die EU-Flagge schließt alle Nicht-Eu-Staaten aus.


Since this is a whale based game, no, we all cannot. Only the heavy spenders can.
Wir erinnern uns, dass Hamburg gut aussah.
Oder mensch hat diese Diskussion in den letzten Jahren SO OFT geführt das mensch einen Scheiss drauf gibt.

Das Ergebnis ist offensichtlich, und über die "Nazi-Keule" zu heulen während die AfD inzwischen die NPD rechts überholt hat ist einfach lächerlich. 
> Hysterische Überreaktion gegen Patriotismus

Hysterisch ist das nicht, wenn mensch konsequent sagt, Patriotismus ist der Brutkasten der Nationalisten.

Und ich muss niemanden überzeugen.
Oder mensch versteht einfach, dass aus Patriotismus so Scheiße wie die AfD entsteht.
Aber wehe, du nimmst die Sorgen^TM der legitimen Bürger nicht war!

Scheiß Nazipartei voll mit Nazis.
No matter the official designation, fuck the BILD and everything about it. No matter what topic it covers.

Fuck Springer.
It is a computer tabloid.
First map 100% @ 100days.
Feels like Magic all over again. CAN'T WAIT!
Bild is not a magazine, it's a tabloid.
When I visited the US, even with knowing it is just small talk, I had to stop to consider if they actually want an answer.

Even worse when the person in question is a relative of your GF..
> Ein freundliches Fickt euch!

Freundlich? 

Freundlich sollte mensch zu diesen Neofaschisten und ihren Wählern echt nicht mehr sein.
I'll take Essence league, Abyss league, Harbinger league-levels of fun as well.
Please be a good game
Incredibly awful judgement on their part.
Bad as in unbalanced
My tip for the first field in Against The Grain is: Stand at the start and snipe everything with heat weapons. EVERYTHING.

Then walk through it. Only enter the barn area after you have NO specials and NO horde left. Then, as a group, enter the building together so you can hold it against possible hordes. If it spawns a boss that ISN'T a bile troll, you can kill it inside easily. If it's a biletroll, backtrack the fuck out of there. Then you should find the first tome and from there on out, the map is easy for veterans of it.
Fucking incredibly unplayable bullshit. Worse than this leagues mechanic. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNUrJBvKf_I

Note: God the quality of this YouTube video is shit, it's 45s shorter than the one on the album (Verehrt und Angespien, 1999) and just sounds weird.
> Zelda was a linear game and was never an open world game (not as open as BoTW at least)

Wat?

So Zelda was linear, or not, or was it open-world? What exactly are you trying to say with that sentence?

> bring new twist on their formulas.

Their formulas are 20 years old at this point, and no "twist" can make it feel fresh in any way. The switch from 2d to 3d (in Mario for example) helped, but besides that, they've been franchise milking harder than Ubisoft or Activision ever tried. And it works because they engage a rabid fanatical base of followers who will disavow any critic of Nintendos milking with the same tired arguments of "but their spins are ok", etc etc etc.

> pretty much set in stone with no real argument backing it.

I hope you can now see that I have an argument backing up my opinion. And fyi, I'm very glad for everybody who can enjoy the same recooked formula every time, with the 2 new sprinkles on top - I have genres where I can stand that as well (JUST GIMME MORE C&C!).
What do you think [this](https://i.imgur.com/qlIJzdW.png) should sell for?
A whole build invested to do that, why is it bad?
Not even funny
AND IT'S THE ONLY T12 DROPPING CONSISTENTLY FOR ME.

fuck.
Somehow Nintendo's games are always"so good" while being the same boring stuff.
So stupid people voted in somebody who doesn't give 2 shits about them.
Teachers (& Education in general) is investment in the future. That's something that should never be average.
Well, In Extremo is pure quality as well but hard to get for non-German-speakers.
There's a This Corrosion cover by German gothic band In Extremo, but I'll be damned if I can find it online.
Shit pay is shit pay.
I just want a polished dayZ. That's all I wanted from the start.

And please no comic graphics.
She was an awesome guest, hope to see her again. Loving the love for Vermintide.
That is the good old alt tab bug, if you alt tab out during a Source game loading it can cause textures to corrupt.
Oder irgendwelche Heiligen?
Any mod with failed texturing PTSD.

Or failed skin installs in CS:S. Or corrupted skins in CS:S.
And on top of it should be "Cast on Crit gem".
Unless you're a unwanted minority or opposition. 
I got to 36/40 in Harbinger and NEVER got a mirror shard. They're EXCEEDINGLY rare, as is to be expected. 

And dropping Exalted shards was underwhelming to be sure.
So you don't want chests, bloodlines, nemesis, warbands, rogue exiles, ghosts, essences?
Das ist doch inzwischen so:

Trump würfelt morgens einen D20. Auf diesem sind 20 verschiedene Leute seiner Regierung. 

Derjenige, der gerollt wird, fliegt raus.
You get banned quickly there. If you decide to complain, they mute you.
I thought that was the way forward and went to ask online after I couldn't get further. People thought I was trolling ..
What the?

Being able to transmog weapons is not at all lame. In fact, it is the way many games have implemented weapon skins, except here, they're re-useable, free and come with your random loot.


You could chance on the green jewels, but in the end, you'll need to be lucky.
Forum threads.
From my experience, the mobs from Abyss drop them. 
And to your currently equipped character, so you can farm loot on another character for your other characters, or just get all the loot for one.
It's already rolled out.
This increases base crit before multipliers.
GF Freezing Pulse. Frostbolt. Discharge.
Yea. Fuck the loot boxes!
Völlig neu?

Siehe Deutrox(?).
Watn Schwachsinn.

Das Verständnis der Gleichstellung der Geschlechter, dass des Feminismus Inhalt darstellt, ist bis heute Kernthema. 

Das dies erweitert wurde, um Transphobie und Homophobie zu bekämpfen, kann ich nur begrüßen.
> immer die selbe Tätergruppe hat.

Und dafür hast du Nummern, ja? Statistiken? 
GamerGate.
Was eine verschwendete Gelegenheit, sich wirklich mal um das ganze Geflecht zwischen Industrie und Presse vorzuknöpfen.

Stattdessen ist es voller Edgelord-Anti-SJW-Idioten, denen einer abgeht, wenn sie wieder mal jemand belästigen können.
 Na was ist das jetzt, Vereinsheim oder Moschee ?
Knifi nennt sich liberal, die bodenlose Selbsttäuschung des Tages.
So my Clear Mind was saving my ass the whole time. Interesting!
Most Nintendo games are fucking boring.
Atomic joke, nobody laughs, everybody's glowing.

Doesn't work so well in English I'm afraid.
Even worse with skill effects - discharge in cospri's and in your chest? 

Pay twice.
Yes, but not being able to play high maps because they SIMPLY DONT DROP means the RNG is fucked.
Abyss mobs most definitely dropped maps.
Get a stone dish with heavy top.
Typical ~~alt right~~ ~~neo-nazi.~~ as close to a Neo-Nazi as you can get without being one.
Huh, TIL.
You are aware that normal lab has a level requirement of 33, yes?
Nope
Sometimes the random MTX combos are the bext.
No.

That would make all bosses extremely same-y.
Is it hard to understand for GGG that incremental rewards are awesome and needed to keep the disappointing RNG in check?

Isn't that why divination cards exist?
Soon, it's now 10:27 in Germany, so he should be awake by now.

Probably at work though.
Well then you ain't got no real reason for complaints, sorry mate.

Next time get in there for the blight stacks, dodge his smashes and he'll die in no time.
Post 20 and post normal lab is a bit different eh?
Well, I died once to Kitava..

It's a dot build. Apply dot, dodge, repeat. Also wither totem, and Blight.
The first 50-60 levels of it with Trickster were such a Pain in the ass.

But now it's awesome!
0 upvotes, Only 23 comments.

>finding the returns to be comparable . 

That's decidedly fuckin' wrong.

7 sextant vault was miles better than any elder chasing.
Breath of the Council
I got a BotC and nothing really noteworthy besides it. Also spent a few chaos for ok rares and a 5l prophecy. 
Yea, seems to be my fate this league as well. 
Made 200c or so so far.
I've found one by level 85 all the past 4 leagues, so I'm somewhat disappointed.
I haven't had a single one yet, and I'm closing in on 90. 

That's just RNG.
All of it is wrong. The stupid currency instead of real money, the loot boxes, the overpriced items..

I really like this game, and I really like spending money on it, but there's a line, and they're this fuckin close to crossing it.
Reading a shitload of books would help with that, but eh - there's also local differences in gendering of specific words.
They didn't mess it up. That's intentionally splitting it so you always have currency left, but not enough to actually buy a box, then you buy more currency and the cycle repeats.
But don't you the table is male!!!!

And the flower is female, unless it's a tree, then it's male!!!!

Sometimes I wonder how any of us German-speaking people ever make it through the day with der/die/das.
Do tell more of the list of fuckups.
But it had higher potential than essence
And fucking loot boxes. This is just so expensive it's not even funny anymore.
Imagine capturing four map bosses to craft a thematic rare/unique.
Ahja, zeigt deine Ignoranz.

Die deutsche Polizei hat keine Chance gegen Mafia *\ mafia-ähnliche Strukturen.
Aber es zeigt einen heftigen Bias, und nicht mehr die konservative Gelassenheit, die die FAZ mal ausgezeichnet hat.
Go play it, it's quite entertaining.
There's a few recipes with white and blue mobs.
Smartass.
>Explain, please.

Some people love power. These people will try everything and anything to get power. That's the short of it, anyway.

>I believe that rather than having a monopoly on the current healthcare system, break it up and see where the competition gets us.

You believe in making MORE money with the sick people. Nice!

> On paper, communism sounds good, but it removes all incentive for doctors to become doctors and further their education.

On paper, capitalism sounds good. In reality, it removes every and all incentives to be nice if there is no money involved.

>
If you want to have a respectful discussion, I would suggest conducting it with professionalism and not including the memes.

I was trying to at least defuse the situation a bit, a misjudgement on my part it seems.

>
Does this happen on both sides as well?

Weren't we past the point of that? The left-wing (NOT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY GOD DAMN IT) can now properly argue that the social inequality is way too big, because it has grown way past the point where it is anywhere close to acceptable. The right-wing (NOT THE CONSERVATIVE PARTY ALLAH DAMN IT) can now properly argue against whatever demon they currently fear, because people fear losing their societal status, and will use any  scapegoat to project their fears on, and then hate on that. Which fuels the right-wing, which in turn heats up the debate because the left-wing sees the right targeting innocents to relief their economical and societal panic. Etc
> Yes, there were other Nazi parties as well.

You're probably referencing the DNVP and their ilk. They weren't the Nazi party in the Weimarer Republik, hence my confusion over your statement of "multiple nazis parties". Multiple fascist parties, etc wouldn't have raised an eyebrow here.

>Speers argument

Ah yes, Speer.  In general, the post-war statements of many high ranking nazis are so contradictory, full of propaganda and trying to make themselves look better than they were that I have always mistrusted their words.

Also, while only parts were "actively" involved in genocide, the rest was passively involved by allowing it to happen.

> In 1933, while heavily antisemitic, I have never came upon any evidence of the nazis promoting anything above mass deportation.

On April the First, 1933, the Nazi state started its anti-semitic attacks. On that same evening, Göbbels warned that if the foreign propaganda would not stop, the boycott would ["destroy the Jewish race in Germany".](https://www.focus.de/wissen/mensch/geschichte/tid-30299/1-april-1933-boykott-juedischer-geschaefte-startschuss-fuer-die-judenverfolgung-in-nazi-deutschland-vorahnung-vom-holocaust_aid_948585.html) (bad source I know, can't be bothered to search up primary sources right now)

>Well Russia was quite marked economical as I recall (been a while), the problem was the lack of industrialization, not a lack of economic institutions, if I remember my Lenin correctly.

That sounds like Lenin, and yet I still think that Lenin was wrong to try to convert Russia to Communism. Oh well.

>
Homelessness has been a common issue in capitalistic, communistic and fascist societies alike. While they have addressed the issue differently, its universality and pervasiveness transcends ideology.

Probably a bad example by myself, but it seems that homelessness is easier to to combat in a communist or socialist democracy than in a fascist or capitalist system. Mostly due to the fact that if you can provide for your fellow citizens without expecting them to make money, you can actually take care of those who lose out in society.

>I am a Norwegian social democrat.

Congratulations, you were born in Norway. And are of the political "group"/faction/spectrum that is trying to walk the borderline between market capitalist bullshit and trying to be social to your fellow humans. 

>There are many issues with capitalism. Rounding political dissidents up and shooting political prisoners, however, is not commonly done by centrists.

But by many dictatorships propped up by capitalist states.

>Do try and stay on subject would you?

Can do.

>It's intentionally disrespectful and, in my opinion, an indication of how you see political disagreement as decreasing another persons value and integrity.

Trying to make light of a situation in which people could perceive me as angry is disrespectful? Ok then.

>
No, he said that both leftist and rightist extremists form gangs. Which, if you accept my definition of gang above, is unequivocally true.

Sure.

>implies to me not only a lack of knowledge about 1930s Germany,

Says the guy who implied multiple NSDAPs. 

>but also a fundamental lack of how we work with history as a science.

We get sources as close to the material as possible, look at their bias, if that is not available, second hand, if that is not available, possible meta sources, etc etc etc. I know the drill.

>As well as, of course, your general consternation by the fact that there were other nazi parties.

Ok so. There were a broad spectrum of nationalist, conservative and pro-Kaiser parties in the Weimarer Republik. *None* were like the NSDAP, and the NSDAP itself rose through Hitler from a small splinter party to the giant that came close to winning in the 1933 election. Your insistence on the fact that there were "multiple nazi parties" not only completely ignores the political realities of the Weimarer Republik, it also is just factually wrong because Nazi even comes from the National-Sozialistische part of the NSDAPs name. 

>
Yes but you are one of the opportunists and radicals (as I understand you). So your motivation to combat extremism might be somewhat lax.

I would consider myself a radical, but not an opportunist. And my motivation to combat extremism comes from my preference for peace.

>You know, the nazi parties didn't start of being genocidal. Hitler certainly was but it became a central tenant of nazi ideology way later than 33.

Part**ies**?

Hitler clearly stated that he wanted to get rid of the jews in Mein Kampf. The NSDAP was also known as the Hitler-Partei, so whatever Hitler said, that was what the party was. In short, you're wrong.

>
Communists, anarchists, syndicalists, whatever, undoubtedly tend to start of from a "nicer" position, but has historically had the same tendency as extreme right wing authorities do devolve into genocidal police states.

So you've seen a state run by anarchists.. or by syndicalists.. or any state that was fully capitalistic before transitioning to communism..   
Well no you haven't. And the tendency of authoritarian idiots to try and push for power is a sad fact in any system, just look who leads the US right now.

>
No, not like anybody. Your hated "centrists" include large groups of people who prefers to listen and to compromise. 

Implying I wouldn't listen, nor compromise. The funny part here is that even those "centrists" don't compromise about everything, and they don't listen to everything.

>debating with extremists tend to create an incredibly polarized climate. It can be hard to retain your belief in fair exchange of ideas, when faced with those who vehemently oppose it.

So you mean to say that you cannot handle nothing but extremely polite exchanges of mutually respectful opinions?! That'd be utopia, and I would love it, but that isn't how discussion works.

>when they become the base ideological tenant of a governing body, these two ideologies have shown themselves to have comparable outcomes in many respects.

Comparable outcomes? Not even close.

> they have both led to callous disregard for human life and dignity, 

And you're saying that Capitalism doesn't, right?

Just look on the street of any big city. Homeless people without end. Suffering mentally ill that cannot pay for health care. Anybody that CANNOT PAY FOR HEALTHCARE, and yet you lot stand there laughing "haha better pay for it right" and call taxes theft. And you watch and stand by idly as your children get slaughtered in their schools. As your drones slaughter many civilians just to kill one "terrorist". 

And all of this, all of this, of COURSE is not Capitalism, right? 

But for Communism etc, you can equate all the wars in their name, all the crimes in their government time to it?

>
Using someones age as an insult is a form of discrimination. It's subtle but so are most forms of discrimination. Coming from a leftist background myself, I would suggest you refrain from such language is the future.

I was using the very popular meme, nothing to do with your age.

>but my point is that you are not responding to his point, but rather inventing a point he never made and attacking it. That is intellectual dishonesty.

Well, he calls different kinds of organization type the same and expects me to answer a loaded question, one which can only result in an answer that he sees as confirmation.

>You are very angry and aggressive,

Well, I'm not angry. I may come off as aggressive, especially when I see repetitive statements of bullshit (most history references to the nazis are wrong or partly wrong) and people insisting that their ignorance is knowledge. 

>In my opinion, only extremists and opportunists benefit from political polarization. 

Well, in my opinion, it is already past the point where you could try and make up happy times to shut out the opportunists and radicals. 
And here we have the golden centrist! Ta-da!

But lets go through it.

>It really just seems that youve been brainwashed to think you're better than everybody on the right side of the political spectrum.. 

Well, better than everybody on the **extreme** right side of the spectrum for sure. And only as long as those people hold these specific beliefs. 

>did you grow up with these thoughts?

Nope.

>Did you develop them from listening to the news? 

Nope.

>Did you develop them from attending constant echo chambers?

Nope.

>All that they were saying is far left extremism and far right extremism exist, and they are both dangerous.

Yes, but you cannot equate the two.

>You jumped in to say that actually, only far right extremists are dangerous, and that is the real assumption imo. 

In your opinion.

>That's the exact same as somebody randomly saying that far right extremism doesn't cause any harm, only antifa does. 

Well, to which one can then answer with, just as an example, the "driving a car into a demonstration"-thing, or the pizza parlor conspiracy thing that got out of hand, or the racist murders etc.

>Then when they asked for proof you said "well you didn't provide proof so I don't need to either". 

Well, here specifically, I get presented with something that would take a lot of time and energy to disprove while the person themselves is not presenting any proof, so I just use Hitchens Razor.

>
This whole thing just shows how similar the far left and far right are.

Does it?

>They both think they are right, both are violent, and both dismiss the other side as the bad guys. 

So like everybody.

> Both hang out in their echo chambers, both try and indoctrinate people through media, online communities, etc

So like everybody.

>Both form gangs, both commit crime, both dismiss any claims they did something wrong with "well the other side started it first",

And here's where you're wrong, kiddo. 

- Forming "gangs": Where does a "gang" start, where does a KKK charter start, etc? If every sort of political association to you is a "gang", well then I can't help you

- Dismissing claims with the assertion that the opposition did something wrong? DID YOU MISS THE FUCKING NAME OF ANTIFASCIST ACTION? It's in the fucking name stupid. It's the united front of the left wing, radical and not, to stop the flood of the Nazis. There is no excuse in there. There is no "we didn't want to". Explicit statement is to stop Nazi shit. 

>and both think that if everybody just changed to be like them that the world would be a perfect place.

Just fyi, one side wants to kill a shit load of people to make the world theirs, the other wants to redistribute wealth to make the world everybodies. That's quite the difference, wouldn't you say?
So first of all, there's a fundamental difference between the following things:

- radical groups on the left

- radical groups on the right

- political parties

All of these act differently, attract a different sort of person and have extremely different forms of organisation. 

Also, your assesment that they all 

>Go after people that are easy to get

just **screams** ignorance. Do you think these are the same for each of these groups? 

Also the assumption that people need to be convinced to be "recruited" (fyi: there's no such thing as recruitment in most local Antifa groups) is statement to the fact that you do not understand political groups - people with preconceived notions and positions will often search the groups out that represent their argument the best. And Antifa doesn't represent an argument, Antifa is self defense against Nazis and fascists, no matter the guise they assume.
Yea it isn't a blizzard game, but it came from a blizzard games mod.
That's what I get for misunderstanding things. Oh well 
I am referring to, in no particular order:

- the assertion that both left wing radicalism and right wing radicalism recruit the same way

- the assertion that I need to provide proof to dismiss an argument that was provided without proof

- the crazy notion that left = right 
You know nothing of history, the street terror in the Weimar republic was the right wing tolerated by the police beating up the Communists.
What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence
Antifa has existed far longer than stupid alt right Neo-Nazis and is also not a terrorist organisation(s), nor does it in general have any motivation to be. It's meant to be the united left against fascism old and new.
Why though?

This ensures a userbase with a better spread of characters and allows newbs to "only" be behind in terms of skills, not also gear and classes.
Both sides arguments are so incredibly lazy and untrue.
If you're mapping, assassin's mark and warlords mark will get you all the charges even more often.
Abyss jewel flask.
Same goes for WoW and DOTA.

The old Blizzard games have left their mark on the gaming world like none other.
Best QoL this league.
You just witnessed a popularity hater, somebody who hates your work just because it's popular. Don't take it to heart my dude, you've made my Poe life a shit ton easier.
Yea, but STILL it should be possible to mana leech without having to use a damn curse.
Playing ED/Contagion Trickster, and only now, after 2 labs and 60 levels does it start to feel decent.
Fuck the loot boxes god damn it. I ain't wasting 60€ to get one nice effect and 20 useless things.
The capture mechanic is shit.

Besides that it's awesome.
Blind on hit + Oros crit flicker..
There's a pair of boots out there that really likes this.
So, und jetzt alle zusammen: Psychopathie ist keine Diagnose. Psychopathologisch gesehen existiert ein "Psychopath" nicht.

Antisoziale Persönlichkeitsstörung existiert, und manche extremste Ausprägungen dieser können zum dem Symptombild führen, was im populären Sprachgebrauch "Psychopath" genannt wird - ist aber genauso hilfreich wie Homöopathie.
The reality is anti-nuclear.

But besides that you're spot on, ARTE sometimes comes off as trying to make you feel oh so smart.
Glass holes in marble called world.

>Deren Präkarität wird nun zurück importiert. In den Osten zuerst.

Also bitte. Mach doch deinen schönen Kommentar nicht mit sowas kaputt.
Hast in jüngster Geschichte nicht aufgepasst - siehe "Das Boot ist voll" in den Neunzigern.

Es wird Deutsch in Kaltland.
1880er British Empire, die Frage wie man mit Kolonien umgehen soll.

Oder eher Preußen gegen 1860?
Es zeigt sich nur, dass das unterbewusste Andocken aka die moderne Werbung funktioniert.
16 hours seems unreasonable as fuck.

Why would they nerf an already stupid grind?
Remember Harbinger?
Because many people care?

And there's many people on older intel cores?

And there's still no clarity on how good the new CPUs are compared to the old Intels.
20080, kill *me*.
Ja, auch ich werde gleich Wraeclast besuchen. ED/Contagion Trickster Al's Starter.

Aber du machst dich zum Steigbügelhalter von Menschenhassern.  
Egal wie du es umformulierst.

Viel Glück in PoE.
Nun, es ist seit Jahren (!) klar ersichtlich, dass die AfD Rechtsradikale bereitwillig aufnimmt, deren Meinung vertritt und das auch so darstellt.

Dazu gehören, ua, die völlige Aufgabe des modernen Frauenbildes (siehe Rückkehr zu traditionellen Familie), Homo- und Transphobie sowie eine generelle Xenophobie. Und natürlich noch die ganze Antischuldkulturscheiße.

Aber dass du sagst, dass diese Aussagen nur Aussagen von "radikalen Krakelern" sind, sagt viel über deine Wahrnehmung der Partei aus: Sie hat keine "konservativen" Sprachrohre, die wurden alle abgesägt oder radikalisiert. 
Merkst du, wie sehr du dir die Realität hinbiegst?
Hence it's not comparable, since you're doing more than one thing to farm Shaper/ Utziri.

> There have been no nerfs to Shaper or Uber Atziri, try farming those bosses.


Because they are part of a multi-level-RNG-grind-scheme for the fragments.

**Good.**
Welche App ist das?

Außerdem: Gambyrg blyat
Sonst noch Vorurteile, die du äußern möchtest?
BUT MUH HOLY TEXTS FROM OVER 200 YEARS AGO!

And muh AR15s! Muh muh muh! MURICA!

etc.
Unless you hit the head.

Also, the second subclass of Oneeye is wonderfully good against him.
Dein Ernst?
Grab some leech nodes.

Try it out, it feels good.

Elder amulets can also roll leech increases.
Nyet.
MVP!


Remove the location and WLAN demands.
Play Scion and have the leech on more different builds?
https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/generic?p0=136&iso=20180301T19&year=2018&month=3&day=1&hour=19&min=0&sec=0&msg=bestiarypodcast%20Ziz%20Mathil

Like this?
We were sure there would be a Warcraft 4. 

And I was also sure Blizzard would make Diablo 3 good.

Wrong both times.
But don't you know, this is reddit where you just look at the title and never open the article to read it,

Logical that the people here will judge a league without having played it.
That's what I get for doing this shit tired. <3 sorry!
Scion ascendancy seems completely bugged, can't allocate any points.
>Recent Changes

>Ranger - Deadeye* Ricochet: Now requires Far Shot, rather than Fast and Deadly. Now grants 10% more damage with Projectiles for each remaining Chain.
Bloodlines was the third best Zana mod after double Beyond and Breach on Vault, and without biscos it was the second best after double beyond.

But since they nerfed Vault specifically, and "moved divination card drops", Vault is probably "dead" again.
Nun, ich habe mich natürlich umgehört. 

Entweder meine Kollegen sind rückgratlos (und trauen sich nicht, mir die Wahrheit zu sagen), wollen mich schonen ODER niemandem ist das bewusst gewesen.
No, it isn't **very** difficult. It's just difficult because it isn't mindless forward slashing like somehow 90% of the people expected.
> war vielleicht deine Leistung oder dein Auftreten nicht so überzeugend wie du denkst.

Schön wäre dann natürlich Kommunikation.
Er = ich, in diesem Fall.
The bext. GGB!
They should just fucking HoFing the whole fucking base and standard sets, for fucks sake.

It shows clearly that they cannot keep their balance while the basic card sets are in there.
Comparing old Scion to new Scion, fyi.

Well, Scion can just be faster or tankier than a pure assassin.

Losing .5%base crit hurts, but not as much as it looks, thanks to pure talent.
Minimum wage. But besides that, yea.
Mitgefangenen, mitgehangen.

Die SPD ist der Steigbügelhalter der CDUCSU.
Callcenter.
Unfähig für einen Job, den jeder Vollidiot kann?

Da hört es mit der Freundlichkeit aber auf.
Na dann bin ich gespannt, was der Grund ist.
So sieht's aus.
 つ ◕_◕ ༽つTAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ

つ ◕_◕ ༽つTAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ

つ ◕_◕ ༽つTAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ

つ ◕_◕ ༽つTAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ

つ ◕_◕ ༽つTAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Yea, it's awesome. 

Guess it'll be my "Snowblind CoC" Scion 2.0

But I can't use that build as league starter, way too expensive.
You could before, just needed 2 of them + assassins mark (against Shaper, that is).
.. "If you don't like it, leave" is a SHITTY excuse my dude.
Machste nix.
See my edit. 

And Inquis is the #1 choice for bosskilling, even without the 120% inc crit chance. pathfinder/raider for mapclearing.

Killed shaper on PF/AS though, you can see it in my post history.
Ist ja nicht die offizielle Begründung. Offiziell gibt es keine. Weil Probezeit. Mit Frist etc.
Only against single target. 

My mapclearing (AND SHAPER KILLING SO IT'S VIABLE OK) CoC Cyclone is dead with this.

On second look, maybe not. Maybe it's even better. The Pathfinder and Raider changes might have made it even better. 

PoB better update quick, but I am FOR SURE leveling a Scion.
Ich verschluckte mich an meiner Zigarette. Danke dafür! 
So in etwa.

Und dann am besten noch mit Öffis hin und den halben Zug anstecken.
Eher die Kollegen. 
Mhm, so weit bin ich glaube ich gerade nicht. Wenn ich das Papier von denen habe, das ich gut gearbeitet habe, können wir nochmals drüber reden.
Sure, there's that.

And then there's a system where instabile people without a support network instantly fall through the cracks. And whatever the consequences or reasons for their failure to be able to keep up with society - it ain't their fault that society is a fucking shark tank.
Werde ich, danke. 
Sie will den beim nächsten Termin nochmals bei formuliert haben, damit ich den auch unterschreiben kann.
Magen-Darm machste nix. 
Yea, you're just gonna victim blame because that's fucking easy.
Yea right, nice strawman.
And yet you blame them instead of the system.
25%>0%, so it's a great investment. 
I'm paying 90€ a month, at about .25€ per kWh + roundabout 20€ base price. So 1080€ a year.

But it also depends on how you get your hot water (gas or electric).

But yea, no, that number doesn't seem realistic to me at all unless you live with 4 people in a real house.
Yea sure, more like 1000€-1500€ (2 person household) for the whole year in total. 

But you sure know your shit my dude.
Yea, from what you read. 

Maybe you should read up on who eats the costs for the nuclear plants, and how much subsidies flow into the coal industry.
It ain't cheap, paying all those subsidiaries to coal and nuclear plants.
And so they will make another 5 million sales because of blind fanboyism.
Zahnlose Tiger, Schatten ihrer selbst. Echt schade drum.
/r/de is shit posting deluxe with a small side of politics.
To me, the cull & leech are the primary reason to go slayer.
? 

You just take the melee splash gem like in ye olden times. 

And keep the amazing, ascendancy defining cull and leech.
Fuck Yu-Gi-Oh! though.

I cannot fathom taking that game fully serious, with the power creep and shit erratas that happened.
No, ESPECIALLY if you play flicker strike.
Naw fuck nerfing the XP and droprates. Just scale monster THICCness with higher tier maps, gimme bursting full T15/T16s!
YES!

They killed Biscos, they killed sextants!

FUCK!

They destroyed the only way to make the maps full of mobs!

They removed my favorite Zana mod/league mod, Breach.

And the Oni-change just makes me oni-sad. Was planning on doing that grind next league.
x2-10, also depends on the chay item cards because fuck chay items.
Als jemand, der derzeit ~6,50€ pro Tag für sein Essen einplanen muss, weiß ich genau, dass ich dann auch zur Tafel gehe wenn mir jemand das auf 3€ reduzieren würde. Und ich esse jetzt schon zu wenig.
Freut mich, dass du als Einzelperson PERFEKT mit dem Geld klar gekommen bist. 

Jetzt hast du zig Lebensmittelunverträglichkeiten, brauchst ein Auto fürs Pendeln weil die Öffis das nicht abdecken, und hast keine Eltern, die dir noch mal eben 400-600€ zuzahlen.

Ganz abgesehen davon, das 100€/30=3,3€ ich dir das absolut nicht abkaufe, das du davon auch nur im Entferntesten vernünftig gegessen hast.
Ja ich übertreibe nicht. 
Oh nein, jemand ist inklusiver als du! Wie grauenhaft schrecklich unerhört!
HartzIV ist gerade genug, um nicht zu verhungern.

Diese Leute SIND bedürftig.
T'was the most stupid thing I've ever seen. Suicide SRS.
Well, some people actually like their builds to be able to kill map bosse y'know?
Have a PoB to go for that?
Skipping 20% cull on flicker which has notorious problems with bossing sounds incredibly stupid to me.
Lieber Sch als K.

Aber bitte immer mit E. 
Flicker Slayer cannot take both splash and the goodies, so you're either missing out on uberleech or 20% cull, so you will have to just use the melee splash gem.

Also you can play Terminus Est flicker slayer just fine.
CoC isn't dead.

I just wish they would half its cooldown.
Yea, by Russian agents.
The war in Chechnya nearly 20 years ago, with the fake bombings and everything didn't give it away earlier?
Well, so you were at the meetings of the different groups that organized different protests and can for sure attest to the fact that all of those organizers self-identify as part of some Antifascist Action?
And you have no clue what you're talking about, but act as if you have the total truth.  
That's something I consider arrogant, hence my not-so-nice choice of words.
700 different organizations had 300000 people protesting back then, and they're all Antifa?

You're fucking delusional.
The nonsense on Reddit regarding Antifa ist crazy these days.

No single organisation called "Antifa" organized the G8 protest, it was as is common at such occasions, a band of many organisations and single individuals.
Just pull it with one guy, and keep pulling it with him, in necessary pull it wih a second vill if the first one reaches 12(?) hp
Plus it's Scientology hogwash in its purest form. 
And what is CoC Discharge then?
God am I sick of the iPhone copycat shit basically everywhere.

Why in the fuck does everybody need to cut the 3.5mm? ESPECIALLY on flagships?
The worst build I ever tried.

Pizza sticks is and was so incredibly boring to play.

Recommending it as a league starter or even first build for new people is borderline trolling.
The first 2 people to pm me I'll gift you a copy of this.  
Fuck the partial hate in here.

Edit: /u/Draconax and /u/Swimmer249 got it.
Text needs to be 50 pixels further from the bottom.
Mind further explaining?
Ok, so capturing every mob is a necessity, got it.
As for the why, you would have to ask her or OP. 

But yes, forklift-lifted pallets.
OK so. Palette = Pallet. Since the joke is about the amount of pallets in her pictures, he first used a dumb word joke (Do you want to stack us on top of each other,  basically), she didn't like it, so he asked for a new beginning, she agreed, and he went with "Alles paletti?" = Everything ok? - but the Paletti sounds like Palette a lot. According to Duden, the source of paletti is "unknown", but it is used usually in the "everything's alright" context.
...
Da fällt mir nur[ das hier](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwlb88ppYDk) ein. 
Mind explaining why some completed secondary quests are in a different colour? Blue and orange, specifically?
You're just trying to justify using it.

It's not relatable if I'm 5' or 150cm, it's just how used you are to whatever system.
Oh, ist das auch mal angekommen?

Seit Gründung der Scheißpartei waren sie das!
> oder ihnen fehlt IRL-Erfahrung ~~mit Frauen~~

So kann mensch das auch schon stehen lassen.

Keine Ahnung vom Leben, genauer, von dem, was sich Leben nennt für alle Menschen außer sie selbst, und von daher vollkommen ignorant gegenüber der Realität für andere Menschen. Und dann sind diese anderen Menschen auch noch von einem anderen Geschlecht, das ist ja UNVORSTELLBAR! 

usw usf
Well, he hasn't tried it so he is just assuming.
D3 GRifts have no proper purpose either.

How about you figure stuff out?

Like, "leveling is so boring" is not true if you take such amount of currency as you have. Buy all the fun leveling stuff and speed through it 
Free +1 power charge, Scion doesn't have that.

Also free culling strike, something else Scion doesn't match.
Warlords mark at least leeches enough mana to keep casting/attacking.
That trisword is still incredibly ugly.
According to this https://youtu.be/vW31JosWPdI it has vials as well???

So fucking confused hahahahah

Also https://www.reddit.com/r/MonsterHunterWorld/comments/7w7zpf/switch_axe_power_phial_vs_power_element_phial/
It has a system like that as well, according to that channel anyway.
So I came to a few realizations here:

I'm playing switchaxe, not switchblade. Phial system still doesn't make any sense, and I've been missing the discharge mechanic totally.

Well, so much for me and my first go at any MH title.
Yea, this is so incredibly shit.
What vial system? (12hrs played here)
And on cospris.
I give no fucks at all about skin colour, and calling me a white supremacist is laughable as hell. Maybe you should at least look at my profile before considering that.

Brazil is indeed a very interesting case, but it is an outlier in so many things and it also isn't considered a "First World Nation".

Then there's you using the "'murica so big and populous" excuse - we don't even need to talk about why that is just worthless here.

And I really, really don't care if it's pistols (like in Germanys last school shootings) or an AR15 with bumpstock and drum mag and all the tactcticoolshit. Take em all, melt em all down.

Or just put a 5000% federal tax on ammunition and ammunition materials, that would at least stop the, as you so nicely put it


>any other race being killed 20 times more with pistols

And this all is under the assumption that the highly militarized pigs in the US are capable of confiscating illegal weapons and ammo..

Also, do tell what countries you would like the US to be compared to if you use Brazil as an unfit comparison. Just a reminder though, there is no country in the world with as much guns per person.

Marx defended weapons from the point of a revolutionary.  
Something you don't understand.

Also, having slaves was legal back then too. Women had no rights etc


>
Gun control has no effect on overall violence, seeing as many countries with gun control have as much, if not more, violence after it was instated. Some have less. It's almost as if gun ownership matters little if we don't check all the other factors first.

This is what a psychiatrist would call "sef-delusion" - gun ownership, legal or illegal, is the primary reason for gun violence because it enables said violence.  
Mix that with the US culture and of course it's gonna be a catastrophe.
Yea - because some people love to shape reality in a way that makes their beliefs more valid.

And the US and Reddit are run over by delusional gunnuts that still point to a document from 250+ years ago as the reason for why they should be allowed to own weapons the writers of that document couldn't even imagine.
I said semi because there is the typical fanboy argument of "BUT ITS ONLY A SIDEGRADE, EVERY HERO IS VIABLE!" - which was never ever true in that game.
You know what would stop mass murdering?

Not having access to unlimited ammo and guns.

Take all the fucking guns, melt em down, have the police take all the fucking guns everywhere and melt em down, raid all the gangs until they have no guns left.

And you need to do both.

Confiscate the guns, melt em down.

Raid the gangs until they have no guns left. Melt those down too..

Ta fucking da, no random schmock can kill 50 and injure 500 in 15 minutes any more.
It's a mass shooting if multiple people fire at each other and kill each other.

This thread is full of "Oh, just forget the gang violence" - none such gang violence with guns exists in Western Europe.
But LoL is semi-P2W.
Or just eat proper pizza.
And that requires you to not use your Uber lab points.
This sub is a racist shithole and has been for a long while.

At least some people are proving op and his shit wrong.
Das erklärt einiges 🤔
Ok, wie alt ist deine X?
Farming honor.
Hier ist mein Tipp:

Lass dir 10 Ablehnungen / Wartezeiten von über einen Jahr schriftlich bestätigen. Geh dann zu deiner Kasse mit diesen und bitte sie darum, auch einen nicht-Kassen-Therapeuten zu bezahlen.
Ok tyvm my dude. Now to kill Tobi-K again. :)
How do I "max out" a skill?

The worst part about the game is that I have no clue how to do anything with anything. And the wiki aint fucking helping.
Uhm, you feel like helping me out here?

Should I do the mission with the elder dragon (4 stars) to continue in the story or first grind up? It seems like some big deal and I dont want no big spoilers, just a "keep grindin'" or "WTF YOU DOIN YOU AINT DONE LEVELING YET".
T16 ICEBERG!  
T16 DESERT!  
T16 VAULT! wait.. no. Fuck that. Or maybe not? The boss would fucking hurt.

Mhm, very intriguing.
Or "on hit vs full life".

Fucking Scions assassin node, could be so much better at bossing.
Another win for the BpdcmBBKK team.
Panzerschreck.
Iceberg is soooooooooooo nice.
Ty Zooc! Hope to see you streaming some cooking again & that you're well!
But I don't want to explain that shit to sexists any more..
BMW doesn't care if somebody asked for it, they want to cover literally every sort of (somewhat rich) customer?
Basically all BMWs from the last 4 years can do this in base configuration, it has been available as Special before that and it uses the built-in P-SIM that has a separate electricity source so it can still call after the emergency blowout of one of the battery contacts.
> by a girl
I'm not playing and haven't played in probably 5-6 years. 

Just saw the thread in /r/all
Well, to be fair, you have got to see the writing on the wall - the HS devs have been terrible at communicating.

You for sure tried, but you truly just need somebody to give weekly updates on what's going on, what changes happened or will be happening, and just. Talk. More.

Like, show dev highlights of their favourite cards and why.

Show us more than just the few bits and pieces.


Oh and maybe try and make HS affordable, so I can start playing constructed again?
Sexism.. boring as fuck.

And wayyyy too fuckin' common.
Wait wait wait hold up, they made WWs ult a skill shot?
There are people to whom work = life, not work is part of your life or something, no, you live to work in their mind.

Especially the puritan- and Protestant-influenced areas are like this.
Your CPU is outdated, and from a generation with terrible single core performance.
Memedreck.
You should see the German cities, they dig up so many bombs here.

They sowed a bit of wind and reaped the proper whirlwind. Even 73 years later.
Dann brauche ich ja gar nichts mehr machen. 😎
Einfach nur Google DNS ?
Und hier sehen wir das Argument:

>Du sprichst nicht für die, für die du vorgibst zu sprechen

In Reinform.

Außerdem sollte dir klar sein, dass auch ein "Büchergelehrter" arbeitet.

Desweiteren - lese ich da einen Hauch Antiintellektuismus? 
Also nach Crash wächst der Kapitalismus - was ein Wunder..

Man man man
?
Mach mal 50 draus für alle Pendler, 60 für alle Langstreckenpendler.


Rechte in a nutshell
Aber die Memes, ha ha, mehr low quality content den ich leicht verdauen kann bitte!

Wo bleibt der nächste Memewar?

Mehr MEMEMEMEMEMEMMEMEMEMESSSSSSS

Und so.
Yea, HS is just shoddy coding on a bad engine, badly optimized&/broken from the core.
And assassin.
Ah, I see.
>no map returns

Excuse me, but you should drop ~1.4 shaped vaults per shaped vault run on average.
Und niemand will Dorothee Bär.
Naw.
If the only change from that stuff is less homophobia, I'd be glad.

Because quite honestly, that joke has such a fucking long beard.
Any new assassins, I'm willing to help you out.


Da in der BRD das Gegenwicht eines Bundesstaates von der Größe oder Macht eines Österreichs oder Preußens fehlt, ist es leider logisch das die Drecksbayern mit ihrer Bullshitpartei zu viel Einfluss haben.

Müssen wir also Niedersachsen mit Bremen, Hamburg und NRW zusammenlegen?
Tatsächlich, da unten ists drin! 

Mein Fehler!

Also bei min. 4,5 Millionen täglichen Fahrradnutzern haben wir also alle 3 Tage eine verhinderte Verletzung, wenn ich das richtig überschlagen habe. Bei so 14 Millionen hätten wir eine tägliche Verhinderung, also ab 168 Millionen täglichen Nutzern sind wir beim Dutzend.

Die sollte es wohl in Europa geben..?


Korrektur: Gibt wohl in Europa so 30-40millionen tägliche Fahrer. Also mindestens 2 verhinderte Verletzungen pro Tag, europaweit.

https://ecf.com/files/CONEBI%2520market%2520report%2520analysis%25202016.pdf
Insofern"Quatsch" als dass das Auto keinen Zweck außer "Quatsch" erfüllt. (& Marketing, ok)
Da ist aber nicht zwischen mit und ohne Helm unterschieden.
... I have a shredded leather couch to prove you wrong.
Ach du meine Fresse /r/de, hört mal auf Musks so sehr zu lutschen dass das Gummi quietscht.

Oder anders formuliert: Der Jan hat n Punkt angesprochen, den viele nicht mögen.
UBER ist Subdienstleister als Firmenidee. Und ich hasse diese Idee. 


This but unironically. 
They shred leather as well.
Ach, die alte Leier - fahr halt ohne Helm und Spalt dir den Schädel oder zertrümmer dir die Nase. mir doch wurscht
Ja - Geschäftspraktiken sind bei denen schon sehr fragwürdig. Ich redete eher von der Geschäftsidee
Gegen PayPal kann Mensch wenig sagen, vom moralischen Standpunkt zumindest - vereinfachte Onlinezahlung ist was wunderbares. Aber Mitarbeiter scheiße zu behandeln, Konten ohne Grund zu sperren etc ist ultra beschissen.
Nur so als Tipp: effektiv genug, dass sie mir, meinem Vater und noch zig mehr Menschen täglich das Leben (und/oder die Unversehrtheit) retten bzw retteten.
Ja, alle feiern unironisch den Technikjesus.

Und während das wohl beeindruckt, sollte nicht vergessen werden, das Tesla konsequent seine Arbeiter ausbeutet, ausquetscht und dann wegwirft.
Don't know, am not active anymore myself.

But would be willing to liven it up again.
Should be pretty easy, but W10 and Origin can complicate things.
If you need help setting it up, I can try and help out.
Spend less time in your h/o and more in the maps.
Cold War Crisis for Command and Conquer: Generals Zero Hour.

It turns the game from the known factions into a pretty tactical RTS into a hot Cold War, with proper long range artillery, a radar and fuel system, useful infantry, ATGMs and protection systems, so many more things.

It's the best total conversion for it.

Edit:
They coded a mischance for ATGMs after they proved to be too strong. They nerfed SF infantry after it singlehandedly won me many matches. They coded single player missions that rival the original games missions in fun. They made a map generator.  
Had so much fun playing this, shoutout to Robok, Hary, the Russians, RPG777, Dervinho, Wasted and the rest of the gang.
You're probably not spending enough of your playtime actually playing.
Wenn ich die Wortwahl höre gehen bei mir die Alarmglocken.
O-Ton Medien etc :

>DIESE UNGLAUBLICHEN RANDALIERENDEN LINKEN! DIE BRINGEN NOCH JEMANDEN UM!

(War da gerade in den USA, durfte das dann rechtfertigen..)

Und was die Scheissbullen machen interessiert niemanden, denn sie prügeln ja die Linksterroristen weg und das ist gut so, die armen Autos! Usw usf.
Ich kann nur hoffen, dass der Tag kommt, an dem Opfer von Gewalt nicht mehr wegen ihrem Geschlecht beurteilt werden.
SWAT for a few unruly citizens?

You lot don't have riot gear police?
But muh superiority complex and muh brainwashed US citizens!
It's still a fucking awesome program.
My own tagging via foobar2000 is still miles ahead of all the online offerings.

AND MY TAGGING I LAST UPDATED 5 YEARS AGO.
You shouldn't lose life - PoB may be mistaken. Try it in-game?
Because I had to rota to make it use my time efficiently.

Was friggin annoying as all hells.
Hit it this season.
How about fuck that.

It's ok that 100 is hard to achieve.

It's not ok that it needs a shitton of fucking poorjoy rotations to get to 95.
*click one star because this of the prompt and mention it.
QWERTY eats QWERTZ, huh?
I shouldn't comment right after waking up..
You could make a projectile one with frostbolt and freezing pulse.
If that was my sister, 30 seconds would be enough to gouge out his eyes.
Path of Exile.

Getting up early, going to bed late..

This game is the awesome.  
But nothing for patient gamers.

In regards to single player?

Witcher 3 and Divinity.
Employees don't matter to these big companies, and if you think otherwise, you're super delusional.
Iceberg or any other new layout.
Yes of course. Earlier in the league, the higher maps are even way way more profitable.

But this is the way it stays frustration free, steady and reliable.

Remember you always need to have enough maps to survive RNG fuckery.
This is fucking incredible. Love it!
They're also just better unless you're using Kaoms for getting life.
**You don't** *get it?*
Play T11s until you drown in T12s. Repeat for T12, 13, etc.

Chisel alchemy chaos for 80quant 25ps.
To add onto that: if you want to make money, find a T2 nonmeta build and spam red maps.
He'll farm all day with an aurabot and full magic find on a tornado shot raider.

Woops, wrong subreddit.
Yea no, the problem is getting a guaranteed bleed so I used a lvl1 chance to bleed gem, and I was at 4k hp at the time.

But I'll try it again next league, properly.
I tried double cospri's coc discharge with it.

Can't leech fast enough yet, so you die fuckin' fast.
Taunt totem op Vs wolfieboi.

>It's interesting that the "devs in the trenches are being affected" excuse is being brought out now.

It's even more interesting when you see that they're not unionized, they don't have proper working protection, no proper representation and no legislative support or influence. They are getting abused by the games industry, and it is high time they demand their fair share of proper working laws.

And I know, that kind of stuff is seen as "communism" in the USA, but it is really fucking necessary.
He just needs to see

- a good psychiatrist or psychologist to reshape his blaming behaviour

- a PR person. Regularly. For the next 2 years.

And he'll do just fine.
I have one, so they exist.

Bought it for a +frenzy Pande and 23ex.
PoEmate saved my Christmas, being away from home and not enjoying the time at all, I theory crafted my first ever CoC character that went to 95 and killed my first ever shaper and made me somewhat rich.
So it's a 1 out of 4 into a 1 out 6.

So like 4.333% or smt.
Pathfinder is still a broken ascendancy.
Tap water that tastes like chlorine? Skip.
I heavily disagree.

Don't buy the cheapest version. That usually is so shit it doesn't hold up for more than a month.
Bin Mensch, finde CSU-Wähler zum kotzen.
Only 50? 

Lucky.
Yes, gimme perandus so I can get 7leagues for leveling!
Make it 30/50 and all is well.


Check out my submission history.

I'm missing 2 minutes 20 seconds. With the event I wanted to record literally in the last 30 seconds.
Fuck man, thanks for responding anyway.

The one and only thing I wanted to  record was in there..
I never 6l before this league. Now I've hit 2!

GL to you.
The pantheon can help. Big amounts of armor as well.
Take one seething.
Ain't chump change, kickstarted my economy to the point where I was able to afford this build.
Thank you.

This guy here took me into his guild, helped me out with my Atziri sets (dropped a Disfavour on the first one), is super friendly in general and expected nothing in return.

You're fucking awesome, remember that.
Since I always used a normal stash for the fragments, the new tab is very useful. Also saves space in the currency tab by taking splinters and finally provides a home to breachstones.
The kill can be heard at 9:38-9:39. 
I am like this on every character but my current one. 

What helps me in lab are: 2 health pots, both with anti bleed. Enough DPS to kill Izaro super quickly. A quicksilver flask with +duration/+movement speed. A good movement skill with enough attack/movement speed.

And obviously over 5500 life.


Fulfillment of these requirements makes lab a breeze that can be incredibly rewarding.


Does anybody know how I can recover lost shadowplay footage? The audio is there, I'm just missing 2 minutes 20 seconds of video.
I did my own first shaper just yesterday, and it's doable but prepare to fail 3-5 times.

It's just so much different than all the other content, and requires attention at a time for way longer.
Yea.

I actually have come to despise the item showcase crowd in here.

They know nothing and critique everything.
You take that back.
This isn't a loot box.

And those people are apparently fine with.
So you HAD problems with that!

I was already wondering how you were able to get around the good ol' problem of subareas.

With the fix, maybe also introduce vaal sideareas?

Well, but registering them, forcing them to put them into proper gun lockers, etc etc could go a long fucking way.
So in other words,

>No, our tools of murder are totally not responsible for all these murders!


Good to know.
How incredibly deluded can you be.
For mapping there's no need for further improvement.

The main thing I'm trying right now is killing shaper.
Well, lets hope I get lucky on my essence crafts finally so I can get the ~10% IAS from gloves to up the whole thing from 4.08 to closer to the cap.

Edit: a point swapped and a new jewel and now I'm at 4.33att/s. Seems gud.
I have 92% effective crit chance with charges and pot up. So 4.1aps should be enough for it to not miss damage?
Oh, and how do I spot "skipped casts"?
So cyclone does not hit 2 times a second as I was told?

And thanks a lot!
Can you help me do this for 4.08 att/s cyclone with CoC and one cospris? (And 14%inc CDR)
........
Schulgeld ist generell abgeschafft weil Bildung zu notwendig ist.

Luftverschmutzung wird gerne gesetzlich bekämpft wenn nicht gerade Lobbyisten dem etwas entgegensetzen.

Und Straßen, nun, Straßen bezahlt jeder mit seinen PKW-Steuern.
Interessant, oder?
Und mensch könnte einsehen, dass ein Nahverkehrsnetz eh nie profitabel sein wird..
Und wie stellst du dir das vor?
Darwin Award '18!
Aber dann muss ja in Infrastruktur investiert werden, und das geht gar nicht!
Well, you would be wrong.

Please do read up on it, before you argue about things you know as much as Jon Snow about.
Und wieder mal zeigt sich sich: sie sind kleinlich, unvermeidlich fremdenfeindlich.
Anarchy is not equal to Anarchism in this regard.
People like you are the reason this subreddit sucks sometimes.
Oh please.

I am serious. But the hit is only about 20-25 FPS, so down to 60-70ish.


Has the potential to be ultra shit.

Make it a unique!
Not lockstep, no game.
It affects performance on my 1080.
Inbound, outbound?

Sales or Service?
Starting work in one next week..
Well, the one thing PoE has in that regard to be better than D3 is the CoC cyclone madness.
And today my account turns 5. Join date: 23.01.2013.

Guess that's when I played this for the first time.
Well my coc Scion survives it easily. And that is without Vaal pact, because freezing (and blinding) all enemies is way better than leeching through damage now.
So you were invested in the same nodes as I am. Try double beyond shaped sextanted vault with monstrous treasure and tell me how well you stay alive.
Got an AHK solution? Since I'm already running the trade macro, this would be doable.
Which nodes are you invested in, if you wouldn't mind sharing?
Then make it specifically target those absolute worst cases and leave the other curse at 50%?
Dumb, unintuitive and just plain a symptom of how fucked the whole leech system is.
I'm with you, T13 and higher makes me spam moveskills in hoping of evading the out-of-invis 7k slam of death.
And even the other sources suck.

Amulet corruption (rare and expensive and it's only .2% life), Atziri belt is shit, warlords .. and the boot enchant that relies on you killing, so that would require a worm flask every 4 seconds in a bossfight.
Is this what you're taught, or is this what you think?
China had better bread than the US..
Yea, it is translated to "Dann sollen sie doch Kuchen essen!" (So let them eat cake!) in German as well.
Depends.

You may be tired of the perspective (2 & 1/2d) as well.

Would recommend a TPS/TPRPG or any FPS. Prey, Deus Ex, Dishonored.
Yes please, on a TKL keyboard here!
Don't expect profit though.
Double beyond with corrupted items from unique mobs is such a good way to make money on Vault, though. Not for the leveling people because of RIPs, but on SC and at 0% so, it's super awesome.
In my experience, the small ticket Russians are incredibly nice.

If the item is worth more than 5ex, I will not even contact Cyrillic names.
And even worse:

>I grew up with this, how do I teach innate decade long understanding to an adult???
A game that combines the two, but doesn't rely on the combination.

Leveling in WoW made my GF at least be able to grasp the idea.
Super praktisch wenn "beispiellose Demokratie", um das mal umzuformulieren was du sagst, zu so einem scheiß Ergebnis führt.

Dann kann mensch es der SPD komplett zu Lasten legen, und nicht nur irgendwelchem Spitzenpersonal.
This is something completely different. When SC is paused, you can't issue actions.
AFAIK yes, you get them back.
Wehraboo game with community full of "LE NAZIS WERE TECHNOLOGICALLY SUPERIOR"? 

GL.

>Dieser ganze Blödsinn, dass man in seinem Umfeld (negative) Beispiele für Migration braucht um gegen Migration zu sein, ist vollkommen absurd

Erfahrungswerte mit Fremden sorgen generell für einen Abbau an schwachsinnigen Panikanfällen der rassistischen und fremdenfeindlichen Variante.

Soll heißen, wenn du noch nie oder nur sehr selten Kontakt mit bspw Muslimen gehabt hast, bist du sehr viel eher geneigt, den üblichen Stuss von dir zu geben, also die ganze Vorurteilsschiene zu fahren, als wenn du ein wenig mehr Kontakt zu diesem Milieu hast.

>Pariser Banlieu

Ja, arme Viertel voll mit Gesellschaftsverlieren sind absolut scheiße.

Besonders für diejenigen, die dort wohnen müssen.


>Natürlich kann man der Meinung sein, dass es weniger außereuropäische (oder meistens eher: afrikanisch/muslimische Migration) geben sollte, selbst wenn man nicht grad in (der Nähe) eines Ghettos wohnt.

Natürlich kann man auch ein Rassist sein.

>LGBT 

Ja, hier stimme ich zu, die generelle Akzeptanz gegenüber Frauenrechten und Nicht-Heten scheint nicht gerade ausgeprägt zu sein. Kein großes Wunder, war hier lange auch nicht anders. Nichtsdestotrotz sollten sich Migranten in dieser Hinsicht schnellstmöglich anpassen.
Also du bist nur von Muslimen und Russen angegriffen worden, deswegen müssen alle Menschen aus Russland und alle Islamanhänger schlecht sein.

Stammtischniveau und stolz drauf was.
Weil nur Nichteuropäer Straftaten begehen.


Ehrlich?
And there would be way, way less executives.
Why would you want coop in a pauseable game? 

Imagine the frustrating pauses by the other person..
>Lebt in behüteter Schweiz

>Verlangt Europaweit Flüchtlingsstopp

So'n bisschen wie die fremdenfeindlichen Dunkelsachsen, die im Leben 3 Nicht-Europäer gesehen haben und deswegen diffuse "Sorgen" haben, mhm?

Oder einfach Wohlstandsrassist?
Was eine Ekelparade.
>government law enforcing monopoly

You are aware that this is often only the case in things were the market has proven unreliable, yes?

And if one product is only sold by one company, it has a monopoly on it. No law necessary.
/r/shitwehraboossay/
White people and their products are not indigenous to North America, are they?
> Bisco's Leash

Dont you usually run the other quantbelt?
2x bisco? A dream.
Fucking Nationalisten btw.
Besuche den echten Norden - Oldenburg für Niedersachsen (oder Cuxhaven), Hamburg, Kiel.
Hat in den 90er seine Hacker"Freunde" ans Messer der Behörden geliefert.
But only because the Soviets demanded it, eh?

Sad to say that I'd rather see a Soviet than a Finn in that time period.
Weren't the Fins at the time allies of Nazi Germany?
Isn't that like a general 'murican thing, where workers rights in any way = bad communism?

Since you lot have no proper mandatory insurance, no proper mandatory free days per year, etc
With CoC + cospris cyclone and 2 of its threshold jewels, it's actually clearspeedy.
My point was a different one: ITSUCKS EVEN ON SLAYER.

The rework of it removed instant leech and now lgoh is the only way of instant"leech" left. And I fucking hate that fact, especially with the way leech mechanics in general and warlords VS bosses especially work.

When seething flasks are necessary to stay alive, I start getting annoyed, because this means pathfinder is THE ascendancy again. The changed leech mechanics also rebuff ES leech since they can build a bigger health pool than life can, and since Armor is still a fucking joke of a mechanic, there are few things left to properly sustain.

And then there's taunt immunity (or near immunity) on some bosses, and non-dodgeable degen aoe, and and and..

Basically, my old favourite playstyle is forever dead and it makes me salty as fuck that theres no good solution?
My Terminus Est crit flicker slayer w/ one leech node + Acuities couldn't even keep up with the damage of the T14 mobs with his leech in shaped Vault. So it's worse than useless, to me anyway.
VP is worse than useless now.
Harleks Incantation of Incineration!
Well, TIL. Thank you!
Care to go into detail?
I like cheese and so on, but in measured amounts, not drowning the food in it until it could as well be a cheesesoup or something similar. 
Oh, I made the comment after reading the title.

And watching the GIF, it looked rather tasty until the milk & cheese appeared.
Guilty as charged, I try in this subreddit to guess the food (by looking at the gif) and look at the title afterwards - quite the fun challenge, actually.

You should try it!
OK dude, here's a funny thing:

I can play flicker strike over seasons with no problem.

Enable screen shake and I get motion sickness from PoE.
Yea, I didn't read the title. 
Yea the whole thing had promise until the milk and cheese showed up.

Oh well.
Just do it!

And then do another build!
It sold for 12 ex.
it sold for 12 ex.
Je ne parle pas francaise.
Ah, the funny muricans made a French surrender joke again. How original of them.
Hoffe ich mal für dich.

Aber als "nach mehr lechzender Habenichts" ist meine Meinung ja einen Scheiß wert.

Und Neid auf Reichtum, nunja, eher Hass auf Armut. 
Unless you use essence crafted gloves.
I will take them "dropping like candy" over them never showing up. 
I will take them "dropping like candy" over them never showing up.
20ish liches, zero chests or boots, one two socket helmet.
Also, the expectations fostered by flippers (instant invitation, no real interaction) hurt trading in general.
It's literally the 4th highest ele foil dps-wise on softcore, and that is without being divined, and you tell me I should sell this for 5ex?

This subreddit sometimes.
And I haven't got the slightest idea what this sells for. 30 ex? 35 ex?

ASC btw.

Edit: Sold for 12 ex. So this is not AS valuable, but still more than double than what you idiots claimed.
So Enlighten is not mandatory? Eh?
And then they NERFED that shit to the ground and made a new gem that takes way too much xp to level.
http://poe.trade/search/ataomomeomoaku

45c.
ARTILLERY ON AN OPEN FIELD!
But abandoned wealth is ~50c or so.
> "Calmer heads" are all over the place. There are plenty of politicians that at least try to work with one another. If you actually look, that is.

That's not the point. The point is, their goals are crazy, to the point that I'm weirded out by the fact that it is OK to tolerate them as actual politicians and not as drunken clowns. The fact that people actually vote for them is just incredible. 

>There's a lot of money in outrage these days

But this has been going on for longer than outrage culture, as in, wayyyyyy longer.
Well, "calmer heads" have not been the idea of US-American politics for ages, have they?

Especially not for the conservatives with their nutjob religious nonsense, their gunboat policy (but there they're just typical Americans) and all the stupid other backwards ass shit from 500 years ago.

Not even speaking of the legal slave system (ie, prison work) that exist and have existed in their current size mostly due to "hard on crime" bullshit and the 3 strikes system bullshit.

All in all, it's a fucking joke.
Path of Building is an easy way to check it out and to theory craft a better one.
I haven't had the other lich show up in a while - always the Liege of the Lightless.
http://www.suhrkamp.de/buecher/wir_sind_alle_unschuldige_taeter-ruth_wodak_28481.html

Einmal bestellen und lesen, alle die deinem Quatsch zustimmen.

Antisemitismus ist nie verschwunden aus dem deutschen Gesellschaftsverhalten, und hat sich auch nie als großer Eklat im persönlichen Kreis erwiesen.

Deswegen werden diese muslimischen, anti-jüdischen Aufmärsche und Demos auch so leicht toleriert.
Stereotypes?

The Republican party is a fucking joke, and supporting it makes you a fucking joke.
My little sister has been doing this for the past 6 or 7 years. I'm running dry on sympathy when I can always see it coming.
So the US' secret courts and gag orders and free speech zones are OK with you, not even mentioning the selfcensorship through constant surveillance, but "liberals" wanting to impede your "freeze peach" is not?

Funny.
But ASRock is at least usually durable software.

My h87pro4 is still going strong.
What race, and is she fixed yet?
Guess I ain't updating. Fuck.
Die ganze Woche beim Umzug geholfen.

Dafür jetzt Migräne durch Rückenmist.

Oh well.
Or the sweet crit sound of CoC 
If the ilvl is high enough, the base alone can be 9ex.
You can see this in action when/if you die in an Abyssal Depths. 

Since both are addon zones to maps, this is 95% the correct answer.
Oh, I'm not willing to improve my English? You're getting that from, what, a lazy, quickly typed, somewhat annoyed comment on reddit? 

All the more respect to your mindreading. 

Also, your unoriginal bullshit joke is as fucking lame as the "HEHEH FISHING SECRETS REDACTED HEHEH" bullshit. They fucking ~DROP~ from the fucking mobs. As in, the DROPtable of the mobs rolled the DROP to be a damn Exalt.

So if you would just, very kindly please, go fuck yourself with your assumptions, I would be so incredibly glad. Baaaaaaah.
Sorry for both being on my phone and not an English-speaking native, eh.
Craft assassin's mark on hit on it, sell it for 20ex+.
Or if your skill setup isn't perfectly controllable (ie, Flicker Strike or coc shenanigans)
Hehehe, such an original and smart joke!
In about 2 months.
Like Annuls - of which I've dropped 2, while dropping 8 exalts already this league?
Remember their year of quality?

A fucking failure.
Ja klar, dauerhaft kaputt machen ist natürlich logischerweise die einzige Möglichkeit!

Meine Fresse, was ein Bullshit.
Das deutsche Sozialsystem wird durch Überalterung spätestens in 20 Jahren Probleme bekommen.
Ist die gleiche Schiene wie "Das Boot is' voll", und erschreckend, wie weitreichend die Zustimmung zu der Idee ist.
Leveling?

Try being in the lategame and it's the only proper leech at your disposal VS bosses.
Sind beides keine wirklichen Argumente, und der minimale Versuch, durch Humor die Diskussion zu entschärfen, scheint ja fehlgeschlagen zu sein.


Die Implikationen aus der Aussage sind vielfältig, bspw die Idee, dass die ganze Welt nach GER einreisen will oder das alle sozial Schwachen weltweit das wollen.

Ist nicht nur arrogant sondern auch hochgradig ignorant.

Dann wäre da noch das unterschwellige "Sozial geht nur national!"-Messaging, dass da mitschwingt - ie, Sozialhilfe nur für "deutsche" Deutsche.
Achja, das gute alte NPD-Argument.

>Wirrrr köönnen niiiiicht das Sozialamt derrrrr Welt sein! Nein nein nein!
Like most of this subreddit.
Just make warlords leech have 100% effect Vs bosses, so I can at least leech?
As CoC I care not for the damage. Thanks!
Care to explain what is better for general cyclone hit range, 23qual or lvl21?
Get CDR in boots & belt to counter it - perfect rolls would mean 40% CDR.
I can offer you a CoC cyclone Scion with Freezing Pulse/Frostbolt if you're interested.
Forcing softcore players into hardcore nonsense provides a sense of accomplishment and pride - or how does that copypasta go again? 🤔
That would be an actual reason for one.

Except the roads part, roads should be the cities/counties/whatever.
Or you just dissolve the waste of money, time and nerves the HOA is.
At least he hasn't started 2 invasions yet. 

In my book, GWBjunior was worse for the world so far.
Die gelb gefärbten Scheißhaufen bleiben hoffentlich unter 5%.
Religion halt. Glaubt was ihr wollt, aber organisierter Glauben mit Macht und Geld und Verhaltensmustern, die von vor xtausend Jahren kommen, können sich mal gepflegt ficken gehen.

Und ja, das beinhaltet auch Christentum, Judentum, Islam, Buddhismus, etc etc.
Mhm?

Also selbst (oder gerade) als ultra Linksgrünversiffter fällt mir die Religionskacke doch immer wieder negativ auf.
Verfickte religiöse Spinner.
P2W Shit would make them even more money. 

Doesn't make it good in any way.
Oder Flüchtlingsheim sauber machen.
Nr 68 ist the jaws line.
Or just lvl21 cyclones. 2-3ex

Or freezing pulse. 3-4ex

Or frostbolt. 2-3ex
Please just stop with the damn loot boxes.
Ah fuck this is going to be fixed before I can abuse it, yes?
Uhm, especially the "The Empire awaits you with open jaws" and "Apparently, this is the ending you deserve" and "An Aspirant can afford to be promising, an Emperor must keep those promises" and "There's a fine line between consideration and hesitation - the former is wisdom, the latter is fear".
Do you also have them all as separate mp3s?
*The Empire awaits you with open jaws.*
Why would you put unmarked spoilers in here, FUCK.
Ok, maybe I will order both. But 20€  shipping fee
Sold out ;(
>manchmal
???????????????????????????????????
Nice Vaal?
No, I can blame idiots for wanting a wholly different game.
It's not a tower defense game.
So? Take out a few nodes that are dmg and put more life nodes in
This IS a demonstration, not the full product - missing the campaign etc.
I am aware, I've been following the game since before the Steam release.
Better than the alternative of no new players.


They should give new accounts about 1000 to 5000 gold, 3 free legendaries of their choice, and 1000-5000 dust.

That would mean new people didn't need to drop 500£/$/€ to even come close to be able to compete in constructed.
>
Spekulativ, wenn wir nicht gerade von "Israel auflösen aber die Bewohner dort lassen" reden.


Ich meinte eher die paar Jährchen ohne Existenz eines sicheren Ortes für Juden.

>Du unterstützt offensichtlich diese Siedler, siehst dich aber nicht als zionistisch?

Ich unterstütze unter keinen Umständen die illegalen Siedlungen, auf die du wohl anspielst. Geschweige denn davon, das ich dies "offensichtlich" tue.
Was ist an "das geringere Übel" nicht zu verstehen?
Und die menschlichen Kosten der Nichtexistenz eines solchen Schutzraums sind dir auch geläufig.

Zionismus ist das gute, alte "Juden siedelt in Israel" & alles was dazu gehört. Halt jüdischer Nationalismus.
God I'm hating the hype here.

I love the game, what of it that exists so far anyway, and all I hear is constant feature demands, "oh if only it weren't Steampunk", that the voicelines are not grimdark enough, this that there flame flame flame.

Can't the people just fucking wait like, half a year?

The devs only went early access because of the demand of the fans, and now they're getting trampled by a storm of bullshit, and this storm of bullshit is threatening a possibly very good game.
Doing CoC cyclone FB/FP and it's so good. Easily clears T15s, has some troubles with the bosses but nothing a few changes in my flask setup wouldn't fix. (currently on 2 hp pots, 1 silver, crit, quicksilver)
Ja weil ich insbesonders ein Zionist bin. Wooow.

Ich verweise auf das dir bestimmt geläufige Argument "Temporärer Schutzraum für Juden vor ~2000 Jahren Verfolgung", und bin weiterhin der Meinung, dass Nationen insgesamt abgeschafft gehören.
Uuuuuh. Maybe SSF is for you since you have trading.
Mich haben sie bei /fullcommunism und/LateStageCapitalism deswegen gebannt.

Und noch zig kleineren Tankiesubs.

Ist halt der Einfluss der Antideutschen, und das ist gut so.
Der Zusammenhang hier ist die immer zu erwartende "Aber Israel!!!11"-Scheiße.
Aber Israel ist eben KEIN Apartheid, und der Vergleich hinkt in so vielerlei Hinsicht, dass ich es müde bin, darüber zu argumentieren.
Implikation, das Israel moralisch zu unterstützen sinnvoll ist = total unschuldiges Israel????
So there's an aura gem that gives 17 or so to all elemental resistances. Purity of Elements.

There are multiple good leveling items with all resistances on them, but you should get in the habit of wearing yellow items with at least one resistance and a good life roll.
Ach, ich würde behaupten, ein Land, in dem die religiösen Hardliner wenigstens noch Rechenschaft vor nicht-Hardlinern ablegen müssen ist besser als eine Militärdiktatur oder eine EinParteienDikatur oder einer Monarchie oder einer Theokratie.
So this is why we can't talk mods here?

You have NO place here, as a mod anyways.
Leap slam CoC?
Das Produkt.
Aber Israel ist doch LITERALLY ein Apartheidstaat und so. 
Like Vaal pact, like old CI, like old coc, like old whatever.
I'm trying for 3x affixes on a diamond ring shaped ilvl82 base with ALTs and Regals.

I'm down about 2k ALTs and still nothing.
Nein, die Faust hat hier die besten Sprüche.
I would be willing to update those ratios. 

Like probably a ton of other people.
No spell damage while flask, vendor.
Bigots abound, in-game and on the subreddit. No news.
They wanted confirmation via phone and I'd, and no, other site.
Already tried buying coins from a website that now, after payment, wants photo id - instant charge back.
And it suggests one doesn't have hair loss..
The world does not operate by US classification of anything.
Freezing pulse mtx when?
Link to video please?
I wish notes still worked in some form.
Is there a list of all somewhere?
I use 

@seller item X position Y for currency Z >≥>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Offer ABC
Make it come with a supporter pack. 

And then always repeating in the same tier of pack 
40 hours here. I refuse to go below 100%.
Hier ist n Tipp: Smartphone wegpacken.
Wish I wouldn't get punished for running eldar maps.
Software draw calls - so pre DX12/Vulcan strategy games may suffer a bit more?
I've run.. 30? Vaults and currently have 16 in my inventory. never had to buy one..

I can imagine you can sell the spares.
It costs more to sustain the sextants than to make your atlas proper if you start with it in mind.
Dude, be real here, is it all there is? No secret upgrade or anything?

PS: Still loving malice, running CoC cyclone with it right now.
Flair höchst relevant.
Yes, I had it there.

Also I checked - I even have the leech node from assassin's side.
CoC. My cyclone deals basically nothing.
Pagan mouths worship pagan gods. False idols for false promises.
Regular leech is utter shit.

That's why Vaal pact was so overused.

And now, even as a Slayer with Acuitys equipped, I can't keep my HP pool up against high red mob clusters - always fall to half HP or lower.

On my CoC Cycloner Scion, I have to rely on warlords - complete trash against bosses, run out of mana basically instantly (did I mention having to give up either a ring slot or using a useful curse blasphemy?).

Leech sucks fucking balls.
Third-world-country, all in the name of the murican dream and"No handouts for the lazy!!!11"..

Loving it.
They're so good, people actually find a way to justify anything they do. Even lootboxes.
Hey I'm caster how do sustain anything?
It's fine dude, many people need years to stop following guides to do anything - as did I.

 Just brought my first "own" build to red maps, it's a Scion Assassin/Inquisitor CoC cyclone with Frostbolt and Freezing Pulse.

I still am in awe at parts of the build I copied from other cold or CoC builds for how useful they can be.
Windows Defender is useless piece of junk, god I hate all the praise.

Check any tests and see it fails to detect even basic viruses.

Urgh
Basically, red scare in full effect. Those damn commies!
Because communism = Stalinist terror regime.

Right-o, keep on fueling the red scare.
Agenda-Account macht Agenda-Sachen.


That film needs to come out more quickly over here.
You ever played flicker strike herald bomber with MTX on all heralds?
They are Billions is just fuckin awesome, and it's still basically at the start of its development.
Okay, so go ahead and show me a build that properly utilizes them.
Pc games, you literally don't need them.
Yea - fuck loot boxes.
Does not work in a whale based economy since they only need very few of those to survive.
If I get spam-whispered 2 seconds after listing some rare, I'll just instantly double the price until I can find out what specifically makes it good. 

(Found a 16%ias roll on gripped gloves thatI read as 6% before..)
Here's my approach, so, YMMV:

Check poe.ninja for highly sought after uniques.

Then go to Google and Google >unique item< build.

Try and find the most popular topic, look at what gear they want.

This is how I found out that the breach fire amu was worth a shitload and why, meanwhile I just wanted it for my oro flickerer.

Understanding why, for example, the shield with the name I can't spell (Lycosiade?) Is highly sought after needs understanding of the game mechanics - chance to hit is determined by an accuracy check, crit also works with it. Bypassing this check makes gearing a lot easier and the build more consistent. Hence its popularity.

And then there's checking out poeaffix.net and learning the good bases and good (t1-3) rolls.
You gotta up your game knowledge then my dude.
Insbesondere unter den benachbarten arabischen Ländern, siehe Vertreibung der Juden zu Israels Gründungszeit (hier müsste laut meinem Smartphone "Existenzrecht" stehen. So oft muss ich diese dumme Diskussion gegen "Israelkritiker" führen)
I dropped a biscos early this league and sold it off to get a 6l Terminus and a belly.

Somehow that shit has more than doubled in price while Terminus 6l only went up like 200c