Same. I wrote them on Facebook concerning more in-depth analysis when it first came out, they wrote back and talked to me about football ( have a payet shirt as pic ). 
Datejust, used or Tudor style, new. First I am moving, so it will have to wait.
8/10. Thought one was a Portugieser and got the Portugieser wrong. This watch...
I think it looks nice. Also not that highly polished case. I like this more than other Nomos but I am not a nomos guy, that might explain it.
I hate 90% of them, but some models look cool or have cool features. I liked the first Nadal, rm-026 or 27?
I lost half a tooth before that was en vogue in a hockey incident, it was glued back on. I had real anxiety about falling. If you tried that once, I would hit you, easy. 
Ich akzeptiere "der" Radiergummi aber nicht! How is it male. Not on my watch!
Same and I spent some money uselessly, buying right now is pointless for me, prices went up 20k on average last year
. I am moving into a very small house, pretty new, very low rent. I know it's going to be easy but I still freak out over getting new furniture etc. 

Hamilton has a few around 1k. Decent watches
Meh, I used to smoke pot from time to time when I lived in NL. I get really dizzy and my heart starts pounding so I stopped. Don't even drink alcohol anymore. However, I used to be a heavy cigarette smoker, smoking next to none right now but I know how an addiction feels.

Best is to never try it. I was also always scared of going crazy from drugs, therefore never really done drugs.
Care to elaborate for non-environmental chemists?
That's what I am really sad about. I loved his videos. He seemed so nice and cool. 
Demos are 32 tick, also this guy is playing with like 1300 or so e-dpi, it will always look strange on low tick.
Honestly the problem for me is that you can never be sure. I used to check demos from time to time only to see that the guy that got 40k on supreme didn't cheat but we had really bad luck and his team good map control. Not worth the time to check them since you can't do anything even if the person cheats.
I don't chew. I eat very quickly. Yes, I was raised by geese.
We had a guy in a sales office in another country leave the company, my office is still sad about it. He was a cool guy, so depending on whether your colleagues liked you or not, there is nothing to cringe about.
Why tho? I mean why can't they contain themselves? India seems to have huge sexual issues.
I would absolutely love to be part of a research program to see how this exactly works.
Haha, I know that feeling. As others said yours looks fine. I bought a khaki field Titanium PVD and it had a different text and slightly altered features. I had a warranty card and still not at ease because it looked different. Hamilton switches things a lot without really telling anyone.
Video games and sleep. I should do more sports and go to bed earlier but it never works. Even going to bed at 10, I will not fall asleep until 1 or so. Hate being tired all the time.
So, in Germany we have the medical thing as well, currently only 40% of the cases will be reimbursed by the health care provider (on average). While there are a lot of uses for it, I was just stating that, especially people on pain, often need something stronger. I am for legalization, but I think some people make it look like it can solve more medical issues than it actually can.

According to an article, people do not go through with longer therapies, because they do not like the side effects:
https://www.google.de/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.akdae.de/Stellungnahmen/Weitere/20160114.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwjjuaC_2bHaAhWCZVAKHcAkANIQFjAJegQIARAB&usg=AOvVaw25GGNrmZoEbeGHcCfRgFmd
Not a doctor. I heard a doc talk about a sturdy they conducted, saying that it is more often than not, not suitable as a painkiller equivalent. For certain things it is not enough, some people get side effects (me, although I never smoked it medically). 

I do know that people with ADHD or Tourette anderen such can Profit from it.
My colleague does it and she is down 25lbs. She said that for one the social aspect, second the recipes, she did not really cool before and didn't know what to cook. She is eating.pretty healthily right now and always takes a portion to work. Also, due to the points she had to completely cut candy.

You could do all of that with counting calories but I think it is easier if WW also has tons of recipes. I cooked some dishes and they were actually quite nice.
Thats what I thought when I saw the title. I saw it on steam but would have never really known what this was if not for crowbcat
Hope your mom cashed out and is sitting in her house in Bali.
The German commentator said in this instant (Aleix) "He is braking at the normal braking point, not the Marquez one". It really shows Marc's face when he is that much faster than anyone else.
I disagree. There is a shit load of money on the line, it is their everyday job. Why would you aggressively cut someone on trackday? You are not really winning anything, when GP riders pretty much fight for factory contracts. I am not saying that  the actions were ok, but some risky overtakes really always made the sport. Not in maqs fashion this weekend but if they handed out penalties like the F1, I would much rather go on a Sunday ride myself than watching GP.
Technically in all of those instances in that turn, they went wide, either due to the turns shape or the weather. Riders really seemed to avoid the inside line. I can see how, if you take the aggressive line, zarco or Marquez thought they could cut the inside, but this was not their first lap, they must have known what would happen. I think the temptation of " Maybe he is going wide " could have gotten both. If Dani and Rossi anticipated it and shut the door early, this would not have happened, but I suppose they did not expect the others to ride like madmen.

 Really poor judgement, especially by someone who was one second faster than everyone else. Also, for this race every point was a decent one for Maq.
Ah okay, didnt know that, thanks.
:( I have a Peter Griffin chin. My BMI is pretty normal, so no double chin but a nut chin.
Bonus: If they do it on the internet, they would most likely not fit in either of their created categories.
Same. Deep, monotonous voice. 
People will either tell me to"laugh" or that I sound very enthusiastic (I don't, ever).

I know this, I can laugh about it but it is getting on my nerves at times, because this is my normal face and my normal voice. Nothing I can do about it and I will not start grinning like a creep, because people want me to.
Frankfurt school of finance?
The only thing I find really worrying, is that people say that he is saying what they are thinking. I mean, he is not really saying anything. His speeches have barely any substance and English is my second language. If there comes a time where I  tell someone that Trump speaks my language, please shoot me. 

One can hate Obama for his policies... his rhetoric was on point.

And I am a white Christian.
...which is the correct way to do it.
It is a huge problem. Luckily Kenny shares the streams sometimes. It is a habit right now to check twitch, Facebook not so much. If it weren't for kenny, I would never watch the stream.
While I really like zywoo, I hope to see hadji in the future. I checked his rating and it was not great, but I find him to have quite the potential. 

Also, France has like 4 teams between Pro league and MDL, pretty insane if you ask me.
Ich kann gut Stullen schmieren. Für 5 bin ich dabei. Gibt sogar vegane Optionen 
Desk-Manager? Naja
So marrying a rich man and getting drunk all day equals success? Not in my book, but you do you.
Wait, are the market transactions in there? Shouldn't CS go with all transaction make more than that ?
Sometimes you need that. I have been eating like that for months and gained a few pounds. You need that to get back on track, looking at your flair, you're gonna make it in no time.
Yeah. I get told I look absolutely normal at 195 at 6'2-6'3 ( not from U.S., 188cm ). 

Nah, I really am overweight. Not badly, sure, but still overweight.
All of them make good watches. If you find one you like among them, go for it.
I have mixed feelings about it. I was 12 when I started playing counter strike online and in clans. You had to be at least 16 to be a member and so I tried to be low-key. If you have raging 12 year olds in your games it is bad, of course.
I'd sell my kidney for a two-tone Santos! Enjoy it, this is a dream watch.
Nice meme, saw it there first as well.
Tudor have more unique features and owned by Rolex. So from the outside not soo much different but Steinhart is kind of just putting out carbon copies of another company's watch.
I think it is fine to criticize a brand for its shortcomings. Steinhart has enough traction to move further from copying designs, yet they don't. I own one and it is a decently priced ETA. I just dislike statements about the watch such as:

"They are trash" as seen below. Design is always in the eye of the beholder and I know there are people who genuinely hate ETA but to say that it is inherently bad is just wrong imo.

The heritage thing is a completely different thing.
I think it is seen as follows. Production cost including all for a Seiko: 60$. Selling for: 200$.

Rolex production cost: 1.5k$. Selling for 8k$

I pulled these numbers out of nowhere, so both are absolutely incorrect and shall only clarify the "worth" matter above.

The higher you to the bigger the margin, I would suggest. I think this is where the sentiment comes from.
I'd like to disagree. It is one of he cheapest 2824-2 at 380€. i could pretty much only find solid, cheaper 2824-2 watches from "Uhr". And they look pretty cheap on their site. The khaki with an H-10 maybe, but that is a very particular style and was not in my scope because I bought a field titanium before.

If it was a datejust by Steinhart, you could call me out but I really dislike the bezels on divers, yet I own a Steinhart ocean one.
Yes and no. So, only a few people on this globe can afford watches for more than 5k I would say. Even less actually will buy them. Of course you will see more Seiko's etc. One reason I rarely post my watches, because they are all sub 1k. Some of them cheap Russians.

Look at what happens with plastic, he is praised, his content is great but for one like him, there are a million that would / could wear a Seiko. Then you have the taste / knowledge. Watches above 1k are mostly omega Speedmasters, because apparently everyone bought one. Some submariners and a few datejusts. I own a Khaki field titanium PVD, so I get you, I also don't want to see khakis all day.

People that are into rolexes for example are mostly in the rlx forum, I would think. Having read some threads there, they do tend to shit more on cheaper brands.
Same. Mostly people ask where you are from and that's it. I also have never experienced racism. Saltiness ofc.
You do realize that an Irishman or us native is easier to understand than one from Kazakhstan?
Haha, true. But I meant a strong non-native accent. You sometimes play with a swede, a Russian an Italian etc.
Alright, my last shot. Check out the Hamilton's around 1k, e.g. jomashop. You can find chronos and other dressier ones. Or a Baume & Mercier
I mean everyone in Europe has an accent. 
Where are you from? I mean, people will always flame but in EU it is not that bad, since everybody has an accent, pretty much,
Tough case. Tissot chemin des tourelles, Tissot Tradition, visodate.

While your budget is decent, it is not exactly a dream budget, considering the brands you rules out. 

If a Russian is fine, check our poljot24.de 

Otherwise go on jomashop or Chrono24 and check for your preferences.
No idea to be honest. I can not believe that it was a coincidence, either.
Hamilton khaki field for example. That is everyday style. Dressier would be something like a Tissot lelocle
You won't need to wait for a year on the Steinhart, though.
Well, I own a Steinhart. I would never buy a sub, I do not find them appealing at all, but you can't really go cheaper for the movement and a bracelet. 

If there was a decent car that happens to look like a Porsche from 5 metres away but is priced very competitively in its class, I would buy it.
Don't know. I sometimes play with 1 friend. I know a few people but most are DMG or so. I am not really worrying about my rank but it is no fun like this.

Edit: ofc you can play in a group
Supreme, just ranked up to lvl 2 after winning 9/10 or 11. My god, this ranking system is garbage until lvl 5 at least.
Also, you can buy cheap chairs etc. Being taller has virtually no advantages, and I am not even that tall at 6"2 or 6"3
Yes, I am German as well.
This is the only way to get something with points. I can't even manage to get 60 wins. How can one earn Faceit points? I am low lvl, 1.04 kd, someone tell me :D
Hey NATO! Congrats on your success, I am rooting for you guys, I meant to ask you something. How do you feel coming from the games against th cevo cheaters to being a really good and reliable player? What were your thoughts at the time knowinf that you are way better than them even with cheats pretty much?
Not really. Not when this is a perfectly normal highway speed I drive to work every morning. His situation was just dumb.
My dad started running marathons at 40+ it is never too late. Also, he is in way better shape than I am, and I am 25 and he is 57 xD
This looks so German. I would have said Dutch but the houses across look rather German. 
20.000 omega watches from 1979. They are on the cheap side for omegas but I could retire off of it.
I am no expert with omega, I also just bought a vintage, a quartz watch. 

You need reference numbers and a shot of the movement.
Do you have any reference? Or which kind of watch it is? Or is it just the movement?
Generally not a Seiko 5 fan but this case looks very nice.
You are saying the lvl 1 player dropping 41 frags I played against was not the silver player that everybody says lvl 1 players are? Strange
I am German. My only possibility would be to join a Dutch or so hub, because otherwise I will drown in toxicity. Unfortunately not an option.
I don't know. Might be but it feels like the others are just shitting the bed and crossing their fingers that simple can mend it tbh. I really don't know what the super teams problems are. Faze, SK, Astralis are not amazing despite the lineup. The last team that generally impressed me was Mouz tbh.
My front USB 3.0 ports don't work. Usb2 works, plugged it out and in, rebooted. Doesn't work, don't want to open the computer or investigate further.

Fix ASAP.

Yours, fucky mcfuckface.
Look at some flicks. E.g. the hiko pistol thing. This game is pretty broken so some things that are just a nice play look way more suspicious in the demo.
I honestly do not think this is accurate. I mean he gets MVP titles, is being called one of the best if not the best, he is an awesome rifler and awper, I think it is clear to everybody that he is not the problem. 

I get why this can get him burnt out. Playing for your life every game just to eventually lose must be exhausting
Also, does it have a bezel, if yes, how big is it? A 42 diver will always look "small", at least the dial will. I found that 38 or 40 mm watches often look better on me just due to the fact they don't have a bezel.
Unfortunately not since I live 350 km away from Frankfurt.
Well, it is becoming more expensive. The weather is also not the best but it generally is a decent country where you should be able to live comfortably if you earn at least an average salary. If you move, check the average price / m2 in order to not get scammed. Immoscout shows it e.g.
I mean, it is a bad example due to size and socioeconomics but Le Locle pretty much did / does that.
Good thing many landlords won't have you if you spend more than 1/3 on your rent, in Germany. At some point, prices will have to go down again.
25m2 for 605€? Seems fair. Glad to be back in My shitty German city
You don't happen to have an RM 27? If you do, I would love to see photos.
Nice! But would have been a 10/10 if the dial was changed, I generally am not a fan of the big "5" and "sports" underneath.
Well, I cheer for him because he has been on mousesports for so long and is the closest to a German pro player we have right now :D also I lived in his city for a year.
That's faster than than the 300 miles from their German office to my door, impressive. And, nice watch!
I could not read the time on that :D If you like these sort of odd pieces than going with those quartz movement is your best bet.
I dig the Rotary's. I hope you got the fossils "cheap". If you are looking for a more expensive watch as your next, I would suggest looking in different directions and reading a bit about movements, complications etc., So that you can really choose what you want.

Or design is more important, in which case I would do extensive research when it comes to styles / shapes of cases.
Check Chrono24 etc and any local listings on other sites to see what you can resell it for.
Hi, I own a 2016 ocean one. Overall quality is really good for the price, of course it is not a proper Rolex. I can see two slight imperfections on the lume at the 6. Other than that I had no issue, yet. The band is fine as well, although I switched it with a black leather one. Depending on where you live, I suppose customer service can be complicated, although I have not had to use it and live 400 km away from them, therefore do not fear anything.

One thing that might be beneficial for you is the price stability. You can probably sell it for roughly the same you bought it for.
I bought it in blue. First off, the blue is beautiful in person, not so on pictures. Also, this guilloche style white one looks great but I do not like the two little teeth around the date.
I had an orient apex before, the movement kind of failed me, so I was kind of sceptical. I also gave the sun and moon a shot and it is absolutely lovely.  it is a big, dressy watch. 
I have the same. I played on and off for quite some time 10-14 years ago. I think I missed my window to be remotely good. I am 25 and have been grinding after work but can't get past Supreme / LEM and level 4 / silver on Faceit.
Very nice watch, as I said, that was not an attack. Apart from an obviously slightly different dial desgin, the sturmanskie has a slightly thicker case with less depth to it and slightly shorter lugs, but the blue version looks pretty similar imo. Price is also fine but I would not spend 100$ more than necessary on the movement in the baltic, that is where I am coming from. This is a solid watch and again, I love the look. If it was 100$ cheaper than the early bird price I would have bought it as well, just due to the reason that the movement is solid but nothing that I am really enthusiastic about.

The watch looks great but for 100 $ you could have gotten the exact same design by Poljot with the Russian valjoux 3133. Understandably that you bought it for the design, just saying. Next time you want a chrono with a similar design, get a Russian.
I find it hard to actually see the time, especially on complete skeletons like some RM watches.
Really weird. I can wear 38-45mm. I have several 38 and 40mm watches but this one looks so tiny on my wrist. I have no clue why but I have not worn it for a year due to this, although the watch is an absolute beauty, especially for the price
Nice watch. I have the same (last pic, right watch) with a blue dial. Lovely brand indeed.
Are your wrists really small or do I have another watch. I can not wear this, this is sooo small. If this is a small 5 with a 7s26 it should be the same. 
I wrote it above. Often had it on my '93 XLV going from 4th to 5th.
My '93 XLV 600 often went from 4th directly into neutral.... As stated below, firm shifts usually do it.
I am Plat 3 in standard and Plat 2 in solo standard
My cousin flew to ZA mid January and sat beside an Israeli engineer that is working with desalination, so it looks like they are trying to avoid the city becoming dry.
Same. https://imgur.com/a/wgG2I this is an album of the watches I bought in the past two weeks. Especially love the chrono

Edit: have another Poljot alarm but it doesn't look that appealing, just wanted to have an alarm. Also, the full gold (not actual gold) Poljot is not hand wound.

One had a new Hirsch band on it, probably more expensive than what I have paid for the watch 

Duuuude, I received mine yesterday, also got the blue. It is really beautiful, although I am still on the fence about the strap.

Edit: yours says Saturday.

Edit 2: just a pic :D https://i.imgur.com/WtjxJeI.jpg
Astonishing. My watch box is full but I might gift someone my Timex and buy this :D
Not really. Most people just feel that valve is neglecting the game in favour of releasing cases. I also like cases tbh
Don't worry about MM. You will not be playing with high rank in you he first games so no worries. Silvers are expected to be new / bad.
2005 - now
1.6, CSS, GO

I played on and off. Since WoW I barely touched CS for like 2 years. I have 2.2 k hours in GO since release. I play for a couple of months and then barely play and so on.

I barely played Faceit and was like C in ESEA but only played a few games since everybody was better 
Or German / UK CS. Now that is  disappointment
Well, they have gotten better. I think recently you can scrap the block. The building, yes, the block, no.
Really? I often get good teams, mostly from Europe usually 1 from Russia and that's fine. Sometimes I have the odd game where seemingly nobody has a mic.
Don't know if you are in NA or EU but in EU it is like a 50/50 chance to get a good team. I sometimes really enjoy it, although I usually only call out enemies and don't talk further
Thinking about selling my empress or fuel injector for it :D
Yes, we don't give a shit. Everyone who is dissatisfied about the Facebook deal doesn't care. Playing for 14 years? Having paid for ESL 10 years ago? Visiting local tournaments? 

Nah, I absolutely do not care about the scene since in disagree with one business decision that ESL made.
We watched matches before big (offline) tourneys and we will watch them thereafter.

I visit local tournaments, they get my money.  Question is, if it is better in the long run to have 4k viewers and more money in contrast to having a broader viewerbase and less money. 

Also, no I do not want to see check 24 ads, as this is the only thing my shit country shows. Embedded ads in the stream, sure.

I know the esports scene is arrogant but even thinking about ppv is ridiculous. Esports is a niche, it is not football or the NBA. Many people that are now watching would not tune in if it was ppv.
I care about a superior product, not the money the scene is getting. If you ask me, Kennys 800€ Versace shirts and Nikos Rolex Daytona are enough. If tournament organizers can survive or not is only of their concern, not mine. They can do business deals all day long, does not mean anyone has to support them.

If apple suddenly used mediatek because it was a financially viable alternative, doesn't make the product any better.
Pommes, Dönner oder Rampe. Alles abgedeckt. Deutsche Calls sind richtig nervig.
Swedes get 5 ms flat. It is pretty annoying.
We usually have a quiet start of the year. Man am I happy that I have 8 hours of work right now instead of like 3 as the last weeks.
True, on the other hand they are paying. I get the shit she is getting but honestly, everybody can decline and if no Rank S player wants to join, she will have to look further below, therefore I find some reactions to be ridiculously harsh.
How do you know someone is boosting? And what is your decision then? Griefing? Because I often have games where either I or someone from my team has double the kills of the rest despite having the same rank.
After having read all of this: I get it, she is not that good, as is her team. I am way worse than her, talking about a C rank and some friends and I are playing a league as well. We should encourage more teams, also everybody can decline to play for her team.
You are arguing with someone who, after clearly not understanding her situation, asks if she has any self respect. Kudos to answering well and calmly.
Hi, sorry, I had to use a ruler, am at work. With crown 40, without I would say 38.

Edit: words.
Looks great. Really just got into russian watches, this will be my new addiction.
Thank you very much! I ordered a Poljot from the same guy and can sleep well tonight :)
Thanks! I got it for like 40$. The photo does not do it justice. The dial is just gorgeous, in direct sunlight especially.
Cheers for the answer. The л looks weird. Though I speak 3 words of Russian, so no idea. I just thought it looked odd.
True but I'd much rather have 4 weeks :D
Hm. I mean if they had a better safety net I would love to move to the USA. Some initially good things can be a disadvantage. I have a 3 month's notice. Of course my employer has it as well but if I wanted to find a new employer I'd have to find one that wants to wait for 3 months, so there's that. Always depends on the way you see it.
Fine if it works out. I know a few people, that would be anecdotal. Still, in the grand scheme of things, paying less while everyone is insured is superior imo.
I know, that's why your system screws the lower middle class by overpaying. I am not on an upper class salary, I earn a median wage pretty much and I am glad that if I need to go to the doctor or have an illnesses I am being taken care of. We do not have that many jobless / poor people, therefore I think the system is alright. 

Also, more than 1% of the people get hospitalised before the age of 67. You might want to check your facts.
Well, number won't ever convince you.  Also, why the labelling? You can get a point across without calling someone 'retarded'. Try arguing based on facts & figures instead of insulting someone. 

Also, of course healthcare is being deducted from my salary, but way less than in the U.S.

And yes, it is pretty great here. Not saying that the U.S. is not great, but I hate the current culture of discussion, labelling eachother without even making a solid point.
The weirdest part is that I was LEM-Supreme for a year at least and suddenly lose to those guys. Don't know if it is me or them.
I deranked from supreme to DMG in a matter of weeks, sometimes being bottom fragging, sometimes dropping 38k. No idea if it has anything to do with hackers but I also played against 300-400hr squads that 1 tapped like crazy. They also had no real playstyle. It seemed so random.
Not really. With ETAs I find it fine. 

I know someone who bought a watch with a Ronda Quartz for 400€ that only said Swiss made. that is a marketing gimmick and I really dislike this
200 out of 283. 21.9 hrs avg, although this figure says nothing, due to o 2k hrs CS go. 38 games more than 12 hrs
Everybody does that, there is no cargo being moved. Logistics is not a well paying line of business. Suddenly everybody can talk to you about insurance or the stock market, while your fruit is still in DZ. Or it might be at Tesco already, just nobody is there to stack the shelves.

Your argument might help you and me but it does nothing against a general problem. Especially not looking into the future, when we are taking about automation.
I usually go to bed at 12 and wake up between 6 and 8. So it was perfect for me.
That would be me
All games started at 4 pretty much. It was the perfect time for EU.
Rats and hawks. The hawks take out the hunter in a matter of seconds. Lift him up and drop him :D
How long have you played CS for? There was a reset some time ago. Friends that I always play with lost a few ranks while I was S3. I can search for and post demos after work today if you'd like. I might have a GN2 demo from this time.
During rank reset one or two years ago? Why? I can pm you my name and you can add me.if you want

Edit: jaydng on twitch I might have a VoD
Did you not bounce back? I dropped from LE to silver 3 but got to supreme for a short period and am now LEM.
I do not really see their potential. I would love to see them play well but I generally lost hope for german players. I fear that Howell & co will be something like BIG. Maybe worse, maybe better. But nowhere near a competitive level.
Couldn't bother reading it but had to write such a comment ?
Yea, I suppose your steam account is older than the guy that posted that. Mine is from '05, no idea what steam has to do with anything.
Scream does not have the most AK kills, does he? I thought it was about "iconic", I am afraid to say that for me personally, allu is not really memorable.
https://youtu.be/YsrWWmzg8BQ?t=1m42s
R8 would be Snax as well
Yup ngin is partly German I think. But Turks in other countries always speak Turkish fluently pretty much.
He didn't even utilize it. He could have gotten way more info...
Majer wasn't there. He seems to be the only one to properly execute b...
Hallo, Duisburg hat ne super Anbindung und günstige Mietpreise ~~/s~~
More like living in Düsseldorf
Samr here. I really do not care if someone has a longer battery life but I really like benchmarks. Upon buying the 4x I checked and there were not too many benchmarks available and I think that it is important since it is a major selling point (for me). I simply do not want to charge my phone everyday, therefore I find it interesting which SoT is possible under normal and under extreme condition in both directions.
I might do another test without YouTube. I suppose I could also turn down the screen brightness. 17 is impressive, 15 doable I would say. Question is what ppl have done with it. Mine ran like 7 hours of YouTube Autoplay, that's what I found so impressive.
Post your results once you have them, game on :D
Haha, not really. It is great that people enjoy their xiaomis but I genuinely think nothing can beat the 4x. I had YouTube running when I fell asleep. I suppose I could get 12 hrs out of it.

Edit: especially at the laughable price point of the 4x
 https://imgur.com/a/AjL4L

Xiaomi redmi note 4x
I get why they need it but if I can even slightly trust US movies, motels don't care about anything
Sounds to me like you should mature at your own pace.

If possible, look for any job that pays enough to survive on your own. Best case you can still save / pay off your debt. 
Your parents have really nothing to do with your license, you are old enough to decide on everything yourself.

Lastly, working retail for a couple of years while finishing school is neither bad nor dead-end.


Oh and do not compare yourself to others. There is always someone that's more successful
Not from the US but do motels require an ID? Or what about Airbnb? I mean yours was probably not the only place to stay, was it ?
Really? Rank reset got me from LEM to silver 3 overnight.
The luck of the draw. Let him play 20 more games and he will be down again.
I agree but I never got past supreme and only played one month in ESEA. I was like rank C+ or so. My motor skills are bad, always have been so Supreme was fine. Since I do play other games, MM is important for me since I do not have the time nor the will to improve further at this stage.

So you are right but why do people that are better than me have to troll everyone and actually be worse in this specific match?
I handed mine down to my mom after using it for two years since I did not like the battery life in general and it still runs perfectly.
I usually only do the shaming headshake. Shows my disappointment in their driving abilities.
That's how I drifted into a corner on one of my first rides with my old XLV. That was scary but looked pretty cool I guess.
Would it really help? Stopping times generally vary between 2.5-3.5 seconds from 60 mph to zero. Going down 4 or so gears in that time while effectively clutching in does not seem to make too much of a difference. 
If they are small-ish I keep them as well. Luckily in my area there are no huge spiders. I really do not like really big spiders
Guy I went to school with was at the Arnold junior (won it I think), he had a BMI of 34 at some point (no idea about the actual weight on stage) if I recall correctly. He was / is an absolute beast.
BIG looked lackluster IMO. Recent games were subpar and their major performance was their near absolute peak. 
What the hell. I am German and paid 2.5k (not including the employers part). My income is alright though nothing major, therefore the rather low number. In total I paid roughly 10k to "gov organisations" ( incl. Healthcare).

Edit: I paid around 1k for a "premium plan", including a majority of teeth related things being covered, single bed room in hospital, accident insurance etc.
Hi, Cheers for the explanation. So basically the search for a solution is put on halt by politicians that have no idea what they are doing, who would have thought. 

Well, I am not inherently against nuclear power but I remember a French plant leaking (into a river?) when I was little. I have been to France pretty much every year  and they sometimes had problems. Vattenfall also had some kind of outage, right?

So my only real concern is that companies potentially do not take care or use newer more efficient technology for older plants. Is that a real concern and do you think a major breakdowns can potentially happen in western / central Europe?

Edit: Sad to see that my idiotic questions are being upvoted while his explanations are not. Think of it what you want but he took the time to properly answer my questions.

I have absolutely no idea about the matter but in Germany for example there is still no solution to be found for the waste that was created. Also, we heard pretty horrible things about tihange. In a perfect world, I suppose it is a very good way to produce energy but without morals and only business in mind it can be quite dangerous. 
Until the machines itself / another fully automated system does it. I think ultimately, we are looking at millions without a job.
Wie haben in Informatik mit allen Generals gespielt, das war auch immer lustig, weil man nicht allzu laut ragen konnte.
Haha, daran erinner ich mich auch noch. Klassiker
Erstmal anpingen.
Enfo, ich warte heute noch auf WC4!
Ich hatte das UT Logo aufm Lüfter auf der Plexiglasseite. Sheeesh
It might be utter bullshit what I am writing but CSGO is distributed via perfect world in China and I read somewhere that your identity needs to be authorised which pretty much results in a lifetime ban for your person.
I would not. I am against those as well :D
Neither has happened to me in an Audi A6.
Pretty popular in Germany as well.
My cousin has 3d printers, luckily. I will wait for two more months and see what comes up on ebay, otherwise I will go with the ETA, even if it is not the usual way to go, appreciated the help.
Cheers for the answer. Could not find any right now, I will keep looking.


3 Screws are missing but I should have them at hand. I checked and the cal. 1020 seems hard to find. 

I would go with the 2892-A2 since the case has a closed backside but I am not sure if it would fit or if I would need an additional spacer, because I could not find anything on spacers...

Edit: Looks like corrosion under the dial, other than that the movement looks alright for its age, so no rust etc.
Pretty much the only NFS along with porsche that you can play on a wheel.
As other said, I have the Timex Weekender, it is pretty cheap to have. 30$ on Amazon right now and it looks fine and has indiglo, although the ticking is rather loud. I would not wear it anywhere else than on a hike tbh.
I used Chrono24, it always depends on the seller. With Escrow and / or buying from either a reputable seller or a shop or someone in your area, you should be fine.

My cousin lived near the guy that sold the watch so he collected it and handed over the money, so that was nice.

Montredo should be pretty reputable, I read about it in a german forum and other than them giving out false / faulty coupons for 4-figure sums due to systems issues, things have been going well for most costumers is my impression.
It says 24 Jewels, let's say they do nothing with the movement, which Sellita has 24 Jewels?

Edit: The 2xx series has 26/26, 3xx has 21 and the 500 should have 25, right?

I had the defy, the updated version and a Moto G and they always worked. Of course, with phones that are not flagships to begin with, certain apps perform worse over time when they get updated.
At least He has a wife.
Cheers for the clarification, since I am neither knowledgeable on the topic nor a native speaker, did you mean that it has the reputation and actually does not have these things. Because Senegal for example does have a pretty cool jungle. 

Won't the Sahel expanding due to deforestation (?) Pretty much become a desert? Or is that not how it works? I genuinely have no idea.
The Sahel zone has been expanding, though. I mean of course a lot of African countries have beautiful land and wildlife but the northern part is pretty deserted.
Never have I experienced that level of player interaction thereafter.
Man. And it was not only slow, even when faster internet came.around we only had a certain amount of hours a month. Want to play UO? Nope, internet is gone.
As I wrote in another post, might be my setup but I did not feel like it was running as an FPS should be (for me CSGO). Also taking stuff, opening / closing doors etc. Feels weird.
I have a GTX1060 Asus Dual OC and an even worse CPU, might be my specs.
I usually don't have a scale. Afterwards I am thinking: was it really reasonable to put in 1lb of spaghetti? Therefore my entries tend to be very inaccurate. 
I get around 100 as well but it still feels weird sometimes. I do have FPS drops and what feels like laggspikes Serverside.
Absolutely agree but you can't have every game on an SSD and if you only occasionally play PUBG youd rather have other games on it.
I also love the test server, especially the new map, but the performance was not increased drastically imo
Also having played the test servers, performance increased slightly but not enough to be smooth on the console imo
Niiice. Same but anything teeth related is expensive in Germany.
It's shit. With stock software it is shit :D
11-12 hours SoT on a really, really lucky day. It is a beast if you don't need NFC and the likes or a status symbol for a phone.
Well, likely the same, US citizens have more net.
According to my doctor it is the cheapest way to check if your organs are functioning well. You see blood e.g. better.
We do have window screens at home and in the office. They are not that common but people definitely use them. Also, we generally do not have that many problems with bugs.
Also gas prices. In Germany a gallon would cost something like 4$.  
Giving way etc sure, but that is where my comment came from. Solid lines and lights are practically walls, lights moreso. This was not a yellow, his license, in other parts of the world, would be suspended for a rather long time.
Chronic disease, recurring cancer? I mean usually nobody needs 120 days and I am not a doctor but there are illnesses that require it. I know someone with a rare disease that affects the brain, has been off for a whole year on 60% salary equivalent. Medication is not advanced because it is such a rare condition. 
What's the penalty for running a red? Where I live it comes with license suspension for at least a month, points on your license and a fine. Also, do they not have cameras to prevent it at least in some places?
What's the penalty for running a red? Where I live it comes with license suspension for at least a month, points on your license and a fine. Also, do they not have cameras to prevent it at least in some places?
So you are allowed to drive 30 but slow down and look both ways on every green light? What do we have the traffic laws for ? Of course you have to look out for yourself but plowing through a red is basically calculated assault. 
I have a 27" screen. But I still can't see them because I play on 1024, 4:3 stretched :D 
IM GOLD 3 AND GETTING WORSE EVERY GAME FOR WEEKS NOW! ALSO I SPEND TOO MUCH MONEY ON KEYS!
The polished, round Nomos case looks like the one on a Timex. Otherwise good looking watch but judging by the picture it looks cheaper than it is.
But a lot of this was known since 2012. I made good money with PC1, since I was veeeery early and bought into the game when you still could. I did not pick up PC2, because to me it was the same game in disguise.
I suppose it must be rooted, right ?
The 4gb was not available when I bought it. If you like photography then Redmi is not the phone you want. Luckily, I never take pictures :D
Meh, I could afford another phone but have a Redmi note 4X (3+32, Snapdragon) that I got for like 140$. It is a phenomenal phone for the price. While I like tech and like to try everything, I moved back to mechanical watches from a SmartWatch and from more expensive phones to cheaper ones.

The SoT is insane on the Redmi and that is what I really value. Why spend 1k when I have to charge it everyday.
Future will Show for how long, they surely don't have them due to their superior weather.
More expensive than Poland. 

I went to school in mayo for half a year and also visited Dublin. It's nice but I prefer Mayo :D
Not really. Belgium is majorly important since a lot of companies offices and official EU departments are in Brussels.
My god, he has to finish elementary school.
But wheel support was better than in many games.
Which legit sites would you recommend? No idea if it is allowed to ask this here
Cracow. Cheaper, already growing IT sector.
I mean they are probably right. If you want to be "absolutely" sure to be safe, small cities mostly don't have the problem that mass urbanisation has and they are not target of terror attacks.
Your kid is fine. I found out my dads password at that age and were introduced to Serious Sam.
I don't get what you are saying to be honest.
That was not really what I meant. Check what he wrote about other ethnicities. 
That's funny. I do that too and I judge other people if they have it set faster than necessary.
Well, a lot here seem to agree with Hitler's racial theories, which I find pretty racist. 

Also, the number has been at 20-30 for 40 years.
Right now the economy is better than 10 years ago. I absolutely do not see anything being destroyed. We've had 25% immigrants in my city for a long time, nothing ever happened to me. Don't get me wrong, Germany has taken more than enough people in, I am definitely not for unregulated immigration but this sub is super racist. 
Where are you from and where are those no go zones in Germany?
Are you serious? Do you know about Germany / Belgium in Africa? Have you ever read about colonialism in Africa? And you are telling me that dividing the people into wrong communities and causing war was a good thing?
Absolutely not. They state what is typically German to them. That's all.
Wait? Why? Are you a creationist? So you are basically saying the first humans to ever exist can not belong to your master race because they were not white? Also, you do not get to decide who is German, English, American etc., Luckily. Technically, anyone with a passport is "insert b.m. countries".
We are fucked anyway. Without immigration our population decreases, therefore no way to keep up the pensions. 
Good old times. I found out the password to dad's pc when I was like 10. I was introduced to Serious Sam that Easter holiday. :D I was technically never allowed to play GTA and CS but I did nonetheless.
Sorry, had a horrible day at work, my phrasing was wrong. That was exactly my point. Creating another video or social media platform most likely will not work, if not for a very unique feature, since YouTube is the big no 1, followed by other platforms that are not even remotely close. What do people think who want to create the 10th platform of its kind that nobody will switch to.
Well, and then there are the users. It's not like Vimeo, vid.me and all the others exist and don't have near the viewers that YouTube has.
2k in GO alone and 50 in BF1 :D 
I also have a couple of 380+
The Reddit community seems to collect the cars in the game or play their first car for long. I agree, having multiple cars on 399 is a grind and the multiplayer is pretty boring.

Although I also enjoyed the game.
If you need 90 percent of your income every month for utilities, how am I supposed to donate? If I earned 60 million net I could give away 40 comfortably. You simply can not compare this, not even on a percent basis.
Maybe, because you are a sensible adult and really like that car ? I thought about buying a BMW but I found something that saves me 1.2k over the year, I will go with that.
Not really. Getting lower tierd cars up to 399 is a hell of a grind. Not for one car but it surely is for many.
In Germany we need them for our retirement fund. If the population declines, nobody gets their sweet retirement cash.
And in the end it is more expensive for the average Joe than our "communist" system. That's what I don't understand. Ideology aside, having relatively cheap healthcare for everyone is preferable imo. 
Great car!
Seriously? That is a cool gift, I'd say. Even if he does not play, it is something made in Poland basically and it is majorly successful.
Had major problems with the G63. Sold it and got a Panamera, that thing is great for offroad. Also, try to tune it according to your driving style and drift. I easily win the story races right now with 280 lvl.
TIL, I am anorexic. Brb, gonna eat.

In all honesty though, I can not imagine being any fatter. 
In any racing game. 

NFS, apart from shift, has been way more arcadey than FH games. The latest releases were NFS 2015 and FH3. It feels like the leap you take from FH to say pcars. It is not comparable. You could actually tune your cars pretty well, whereas in NFS it mostly used to be minor actual changes. Then there is the hardcore mode on FH. Play any FH on a T300GT or anything comparable and then try that with NFS and it should become pretty obvious.
Not really. Power to everybody who hates this game, I enjoy playing it and will be vocal about it.
Lovely game that I enjoyed playing but definitely nowhere near something like Porsche. I mean those licenses you could get...also, MW2 is mostly a fond memory due to the Carrera GT, it also does not come close to the older ones.
I am usually 30 points behind and it is still fairly easy to win imo. Except for Drag.
Forza does not understand itself as a classic arcade game, therefore I think the comparison is not really fair, when we are talking about NFS, a series where you could take turns at 200 mph. Honestly, I would wish for TDU 3 to be made or for ETS2 to come out with cars but that should not be what NFS tries to be.
iRacing is the benchmark. Forza doesn't even come close. Forza does not understand itself as a classic arcade racer, therefore NFS should not try to feel like one imo.
I find the sense of speed to be fine. I mean my blood is not rushing when I am driving 100mph. I think the ones before felt too much like crossing the sound barrier.
NFS Porsche, NFS2SE, NFS Hot Pursuit (original), MW imo. 
I already upgraded :D
No. I bought it despite the reviews. Carbon was my last NFS ( If shift came out earlier). Been playing the series since NFS2 Edit: NFS2SE. My favourite was Porsche. I also played iRacing, I still play AC etc.

Having played the crew, forza and many NFS games, I can say that playback is fun.

I am the first one to hate on microtransactions but they did not get in my way and in racing games grinding is fun for me. Forza got boring quickly since you could simply buy everything.

The physics is not the best, drifting is a thing but especially the race cars can be tuned via the on-the-fly menu and you can feel it. I don't get the hate from the people that want an underground 2 remake. The payback map looks and feels better than forza horizon 3s map, the driving is fun.

I also dont miss constant pursuits, since I don't enjoy them that much. While it is far from perfect, it is a fun game.
Lovely watch, I ordered the ocean one because I wanted the date window, otherwise yours looks better.
Hitler was vegetarian if I remember correctly.
Hi, I find it fine, I could afford more than the Hamiltons or Steinharts etc. I own but I am not willing to spend the money on it, since I need a comfortable emergency fund in order to sleep well at night. I bought my Hamilton used. Priorities are always #1, so never feel bad because you are not willing / able to splurge the money.
I have a black aluminium and it has the dot

Edit: Mine is a 2017 model
I wrote it above already. I was at 11% with 11hrs SoT, 7 hrs of it being YouTube.
Note 4x, the screen really isn't durable. Whatever, I just got 11 hrs of SOT, most of it being YouTube and I paid like 130$ for the Snapdragon version.
Seriously? You can get both ways from EU to US for 400 p.p. why are the flights so much more expensive from the us ?
All I could find out, according to the German institute of economics, 27% of adults in Germany have little or no savings.
Ok, might be cultural differences, I am neither a hunter / farmer nor American.
Well, I see the cows before I eat them and I know about the process. Meat itself is imo not the problem, eating it once a week is fine I'd say.
They have been. They played better than they usually do.
I haven't bought one in years because I am not allowed to wear them at work but I walked home 4 hours in the snow when the train station was closed in winter. Sure, there might be better shoes or I got lucky but mine were fine. I only owned 3 pairs throughout my life
My Jordans usually last 3-5 years, I wear them 2/3 of the year.
One. Diver if on vacation, something dressier when on business.
Transport Planner for overseas shipments for an international company. 

Own Hamilton khaki field titanium, a Steinhart and some orients / Seikos.

Pay is not incredible although I tend to save as much as possible. Therefore I am not yet willing to splash in a lot of money. I am looking for something that I can reward myself for :D
I never miss a day.
Not everybody buys watches solely for the resell value. As far as I have seen Steinhart watches hold their value rather well right now, does that make them less of a shitter than an Oris?
There are none the same way that not every car that is not a rolls Royce is a shitter. 
Straps are something that can easily be replaced with 50-100$, I would not worry about those in cheaper watches. NATO straps are really cheap. If you want to get in earlier, I would look for Seiko 5 series. They basically have every type of watch (dressy, diver, field and etc.) With decent calibres such as the 7S26. I myself am not really a fan of those despite owning some, since I got more expensive calibres :D
I hope you didn't pay 160 grand. Honestly, the only watch that I would wear is the nadal (tourbillon?). As others stated they do some cool stuff but for me, this is basically saying that you are a millionaire. Maybe not specifically this one.

Edit: I don't really want to attack you for your choice. I would like to be able to afford one but there would be 10 watches I would buy before an RM, looking at what you posted, you already have the 10 so I hope you fun with the RM.
Yes. Pretty much everything is covered.
That is pretty much what it is. I mean, teeth for example are not covered
So getting them done will cost you money. I pay 250 socialist $ + 120$ for private or additional insurance that covers 1-bed hospital rooms, teeth etc. Keep in mind that I am not earning a major salary, I think this is pretty decent.
I pay 250 socialist $
It is not even real socialism here in germany. You can still choose the insurance company and they can have differing offers. You must pay a percentage if you are an employee and can pay up to 0.9 % more than the set amount. 
Ursula, der alte General. Ich glaube der Major in meiner Familie hat mehr Ahnung als Frau von der Leyen. Unser Internet Günther im EU Parlament kriegt einen PC vielleicht an, hat aber auch absolut keine Ahnung von irgendwas. Von wirklicher Fachkompetenz / Erfahrungswerten kann man bei vielen nicht sprechen. Insbesondere wenn höhere Positionen besetzt werden.

Edit: Das lustige " Minister wechsel dich " könnte auch nicht gespielt werden, wenn man an seine Kernkompetenz gebunden wäre.
Wirklich? Was qualifiziert jemanden Position x zu besetzen?
Gut. Ich will für ein paar Jahre ins EU Parlament. Wo muss ich jetzt unterschreiben?
We got a survey with 100 people in CC, same link. I don't know if they know my Citrix credentials because I did not have to login on the site itself (Intranet tho). Is it possible / easy to check who it is coming from? Not that I really care, management knows about what I dislike anyway, just  of curiousity.
Hi, before owning my note 4X I had a zenfone 2 and as far as I can see you will have all features available, since it works with the mi band app. The vibration made me wake up, it also works with non Mi devices.
Mir ist es egal, solange die Fläche nicht länger brach liegt. Die Argumentation ist dubios, Haffke und einige andere sind glaube ich geschlossen. Weitere Bekleidungsgeschäfte sind große Ketten, Schuhläden etc. Ebenfalls. 

Klar, einige der größten Kritiker haben tatsächlich alte Läden (Uhlig, Roskothen), allerdings gibt es mMn keine interessanten Läden, die mit einem Outlet konkurrieren würden.

Wohnraum wäre mir auch lieber, wird aber wohl nicht kommen.


Because they are working, they don't have time for Reddit.




Btw I am doing a 9-5 desk job, so no gatekeeping.
Hey that's me today. Although I took a sick day Friday
Yes. still exists and can still be checked via status
My watches are all sub 1K$. One of my watches switches the date only after 48 hours, it would need servicing but since it is not my daily driver I decided to let it sit. The watches I got are all from overseas countries and therefore it would take time / taxes to re-buy them, therefore I will bring them in for service, as soon as one more watch fails.
The numbers / lume on the dial looks exactly like my air blue bravo. Nice
Locked until 68. Which is when my normal retirement starts.
Air Blue Bravo
Would have guessed Irish. Economics was solely taught with sausage roll examples.
Yea I only know altavista out of the ones a.m.
Seriously, why would they or those fishy skin sites or lioncast etc. Want to advertise on a beauty channel? Those CS videos are exactly their target audience.
I love this :D and I really hate those watches. It is not even just Kickstarter, there are watches by well-known brands that are not in the watch business, that sell their name. A 500$ watch off Amazon with a "Swiss movement". Yes, it was a Ronda Quartz movement. Really no idea who can justify spending that amount of money on garbage.
That is what my desk looks like anyway. My co-workers have a lot of stuff on their desk. Me? Nothing. I have cereal in my container, that's as personal as it gets :D
There are wizards in every culture.
16 years old, 5 Star NCAP. Has antilock brakes, airbags etc. Etc. Sure, today's standard is better but it is sufficient for me. 
I only play competitive, I am LEM-Supreme and my gamesense is pretty decent but I aim like a GN4
Tbh in the countries with a better healthcare system it is the same, though. You can get hospitalised rather quickly but it still takes a lot of time to see someone that helps you, so meds are also the go-to method in some European countries.
Yes. had my alarm on the cupboard across the room for several years and I still do not consciously wake up while turning it off
It is true tho. The mid push on overpass where he whiffed 2 shots out of toilets, despite having 5 people in sight loses the round. On train he played fine but he is too inconsistent and sometimes too aggressive. 
Honestly, right now I would not change anything. Legija is not that good fraggingwise but mid-game he was pretty much on the same numbers as nex and tabsen, despite them having had a rough start. Once they become consistent and legija can not keep up, one could think about roster changes.
Yeah, sometimes he shines with his keev peeks but often times he does really stupid things and whiffs easy shots. I really hope that he, with the help of the team, can improve on that. And I hope that BIGs fragging will be more consistent.
Watching Gobs strats on overpass reminds me of LEM matchmaking tho. Same on inferno at times. They really need awesome strats since their firepower is not that insane.
Actual european here. concerning restaurants and going out, we hardly drink water there. It is also rather expensive, true. Concerning normal daily life, water is the most sold liquid would be my estimation. Depending on the country, tap water is perfectly fine.
Ha, I do that as well. We even get free water from the company but it tastes like the plastic bottle it comes in and that is not fun.
Tier 1 Kinguin MEGALUL. 
No idea how long you've been around but let's be real. I suppose they still earn their fair share with cases, operations etc. so I do not see why they should fully abandon the game. 
For an experimental drug that, due to lacking necessary proof / testing / results is not in the system, basically. Let's say the Turks had a drug that is experimental and pretty much nobody uses it, yet. It might cure your on in a million disease, would your insurance cover the treatment in Turkey or do you expect your insurer to import and pay for it?
But always had the most recent interior :D Have to agree with you tho, photographs looked better and interior also looked nicer for the most part back then.
That's why we always play cs 1.6, UT and generals.
If you are really bad you play in silver I with other bad people. No need to be anxious, you are going to get flamed at some point anyway. Better start learning sooner than later.
I agree with you.

There are many factors, tho. Sometimes I do suck or have been at work for 10-12 hours and had a stressfull day, then I do not really feel like ending arguments between 12 year olds tbh.
That does not even trigger me but the actual rage in voice chat. I can handle criticism and laugh about mistakes, I am a pretty bad player but the rage / flame is not worth the time.
The friendlier the team the better my calls. If we lose 3 rounds and everyone writes / says "GG noob team", I will either mute the person or straight up not talk the whole game. And this is at LEM / Supreme.
Honestly he is Mouz right now. I do like Oskar but when Chris leaves it is a completely new roster and I am really done with the shitfest Mouz has become.
I play a lot but have not played dust 2 in months. I hate this map. Used to always play it in 1.6 tho
I directly sold the golden Gob sticker since I had a few normal ones.....for 20 bucks.....
Really like the post-match stuff between you guys and BIG (Twitter with Lenz etc.). Now go on to win it, great series this was!
Well, big had a few as well throughout the major.
You know that how ? Because a few redditors write about it? Or do you think they lost because of it ?
Gob has been playing for 10+ years. If I trust one man in the scene it is this pretty mature "old" guy. He will work on their mindset.
3-0 NaVi, faze to succeed, no vp, no gambit. Only big going through and Vega 0-3 is correct now. 
Still, the Brazilians are rooting for a team from Oberhausen if I recall correctly, called Schröt Kommando. That always seems odd to me.
Yeah it is sad that their good strats get burried under the hate, especially the credit for gob who has been great for 10+ years
I completely agree with you, though Legija used it once. I am not liking it but ropz and seized e.g. used it also. So I think this one time was not really an abuse, despite being a bad moment to use it.

Good thing, honestly. I'd like to see BIG win without it. We'll see if they can continue like this without it.

It should be fixed, yes. It is not the best sportsmanship, true.

But what I find really funny that everyone is so outrage right now. As a lot of people already said, Big has been using it for a while. 
And part of the witchhunt is the classic major audience. If everyone that is now grabbing their pitchforks would have created reddit threads when they started / used it on cache etc. it might have been fixed.

Why would anyone think that they abuse it for months and then suddenly stop out of respect for the major?

Also, their tactics were sick. I recommend everyone watching Strat talks from 08' by Gob.
Natürlich, aber nur in Dinge, die in China produziert wurden!!!!!!!!!11111!!1!1!!1
Well, I am 24.
Hi, I know but th guy above said that practically nobody can afford more than state minimum.
I think I chose 300€. Not too sure, might be 500.
I get your point but I bet that not everyone on minimum coverage is driving an old beater and IMO a proper insurance policy / sufficient coverage (everyone defines it differently, I get it) is something that should be taken into consideration when buying a car. 

Again, those are just questions and remarks, I do not want to compare countries to see what's better, it is just my sense of security and having a proper safety net.
Cheers for the answer. Someone said that upping it to like 200k was 1$ more, that's why I asked. Also, I pay like 800$ a year for my car insurance. 

Does it cover stuff like hailstorms? 
Honest question, why is the coverage so low? This got me interested and I checked. I am not living in the U.S. and my standard insurance covers 100 Million €, no matter what has been damaged. Max per affected person is 15 million €

Why doesn't just everyone Max their insurance?
As many others say try Faceit. After Rank reset I was silver 2. Got my way up to LE. I played ESEA and my aim is just subpar. You'll get along in Faceit but paying for ESEA is a waste IMO.
Yes. the worst games are where not a single word is to be heard. I do play solo Q a lot, because sometimes you get a really cool team. I do not care about ranks anyway, so I don't mind the occasional nightmare game. 
Well, last thing we played was the most recent borderlands. We play mostly FPS.

Recommendations for Co op games ? We checked every list there is and we either played em or they looked shit.
Yeah. Just chill for a minute in a main on cache instead of pushing site and die 1v1.
Had that yesterday but actually had 27 kills despite always going for entry and we lost. I do not flame tho because I often underperform as well :D 
In my worst game I made my only kill in the last round. 
While I agree, they are doing a better job in the Bundesliga than most clubs. It is not like organ, forsberg etc. Are 50 million transfers. 

While I hate the institution, I have nothing against the team and find the management way better than at most of the other clubs.

Edit: organ = Orban

Sorry, I don't know since I only play racing games on PC.
I would not use it. I can schedule and plan but I do not stick to it. That is the key problem.
Congrats. The T300 is a decent wheel. The pedals IMO need to be upgraded, if fanatec takes too long to save for, the T3PA is a decent alternative. Shifterwise either the thrustmaster one or the SHH shifter. It is cheaper than Thrustmasters but it is decent. I personally use T300 GT and the SHH shifter. 

Gamewise I would suggest also looking into Assetto Corsa.

Otherwise, hf gl.
I am still unsure about reactivating my account. I only played until I was out of the rookie license. I had some nice races and decent times but I do not like the limitations. The first license only has classes that do not interest me or cost a lot of money which I am not willing to spend, because I own practically every racing sim there is for PC.
I see the price argument a lot. Honestly there are more gamers than ever. Even if you make less per game, you should be well off. 

There is also the most competition the market has ever seen.

Lastly, a lot of AAA games seem uninspired and unfinished to me, which is why I am staying away from pre-orders and full price games / microtransactions.

Uncharted 4 was my last full price game and the single player alone was worth the money. 

Forza Horzion 3 on the other hand...100€ for the ultimate version and 3 months later a DLC....that is just greedy for a subpar PC port.
I only eat 2 meals per day but a lot then. I imagine for you to eat more is like for me to eat less. It comes down to discipline.
Really? Not sure but I do not remember my S500 having it. I could be wrong though
Weather in Marseille, it is gonna be a short night
Still no merch out, is it ?
Wow. I am looking for a world timer for work and this is astonishing! Beautiful piece you got there.
Maybe a custom.rom because my battery usage is also really high. Even with M. My zen doesn't last a day
Really? Haven't had a lot on LE / LEM. At least not obvious. 
Seems like it is POTUS troll account right now. He has done terrific things, a great man.
I don't know, I really only want the fastest information flow. My neighbour could open it and call me right away when it is official. I just stated that in many countries for minors it is not illegal and we can not judge if there was an agreement or not.
I suppose in Germany as well. Also, this shows you what kind of humans are replying to this post. Sure, sue your family over an opened letter. That is definitely going to get you far in life.
My 16 year old car agrees with you.
Aw man, alright, I am gonna delete all my l33t steam groups.
Might be a different thing, if you can connect neither to official nor inofficial servers. Maybe it is your PC, no idea
Well I need more calorie intake but have the same walking pattern and it sucks. If you can walk to a train station or have a blue collar job, you get some exercise without putting any effort into it, while we have to actively do something about it.
Same here, I could plow through a couple of thousand calories with pasta and a nice sauce per meal. 
Well, I can not set up the ffb to drive on my t300. Works fine in every other game.
It does apply to your skills on the job market, though.
I wanna live in the building across the road.
This is missing some sketchy coldzera locks from mirage aiming main
I do not know how everyone can enjoy the tourneys when some people are just a tad too sketchy
My friends and I are MGE-LEM and we also get loads of cheaters. Every lower rank was better than where I am at right now.
Smokes can do wonders. Though I agree with you concerning MM, Faceit etc on "lower levels"
So I also ordered one today. How is the caliber? I could find barely any information on the internet.
Will the wheel be enough, though? I have not used it and if it is anything like the DFGT, I suppose it will. No idea how much the T300 is in the US but I bought the T300RS GT for 300€.
Just ordered one, next shipping date will be around the 7th of March, keep that in mind
Ha, nice. I also like them despite not speaking the language.
Yo that duck is nowhere in the way! Not cool.
Well, true. I am 24 and like to think that my reaction times are still above average.
Not driving ? I rarely sleep more than 5 hours and drive 2 hours every day to / from work.
I'm 24 and sometimes have people telling me I look 35, so I'd say just go with it. Clothing is also a thing when it comes to people guessing your age.
Außerdem Grenzwerte fürs Lenken von Fahrzeugen. Mit der derzeitigen Regelung ist bei jedem, der innerhalb eines recht langen Zeitraumes etwas konsumiert hat, der Lappen sofort weg. Andererseits sollte man nicht unter Drogeneinfluss fahren.
Ganz ehrlich, ich würde eine Position zu Kernfragen der EU bevorzugen. Zu schauen, wo es Sinn macht, Einheit zu schaffen und an welchen Stellen die Staaten selbst entscheiden können. Über eine Umstrukturierung der EU würde ich derzeit nicht nachdenken. Ich denke, man sollte mit gesundem Populismus die Europaverdrossenheit vieler Bürger einfangen.
Ist denn dann die Expansion sinnvoll, wenn man dennoch Probleme hat kostendeckend zu arbeiten, es scheinbar vorne und hinten an Mitarbeitern (vorallem einem Geschäftsführer) fehlt und die Qualität der Formate eventuell aufgrund der benötigten Sponsorings leidet?

Ich stimme dir zu, aber die Frage nach der Sinnhaftigkeit, soziemlich aller Entscheidungen der Bohnen, sollte intern mal gestellt werden.
Cheers, I already looked into various triumph models. Not sure about them.

The MT/FZ series is lovely. Unfortunately, their value decreases very slowly from what I've seen.
So, I want to buy a Bike next year after not having owned one for around 4 years. Have been riding my dad's BMW 650 GS. It is really underpowered. 
I have basically only been riding those Touring "offroad" bikes. 

I am looking into getting a used bike. Only 2 things to mind: 
ABS, around 100 hp.

I looked at the Hornet and the z750. 
CB1000R is twice the Insurance rate of a Hornet.

Any other recomendations?
I don't know, my agv helmet was a lot cheaper tbh. 
I've been riding with Cross gloves and a rather cheap textile jacket. I'm glad I only fell in the city at decent speeds.
That's why legislation needs to be adjusted according to the TOS. It needs to be decided what is eligible to be written into the TOS and what isn:t.
I only played 1942, Vietnam and BF2. This is got me back into the Franchise and I love it so far
It's not the 1060. I got the Asus Dual 6gb and run it on Ultra. 12gb ram, newer AMD CPU and installed on an ssd.

Have you turned the VRAM throttling off? Dunno what the Feature is called. Did you adjust all settings?
I currently use a Pico + Melo. I only have Dual Mods usually and rd(t)as. 

I also thought about using the icare, but I don't want to buy higher nic juices.
Pina Guavada
High voltage, the blue one
DHL! Paket war 3 Wochen im Hub bei denen.
I kinda did that with a birthmark while shaving my chest.
In Germany many companies have a cash-out Limit at 100k
Hm. Don't know. I do have a nice, self built bed. I think it also has a lot to do with the whole environment. Even if it is on a Business Trip, I feel a lot less stressed when I am on the Road.
I sleep a lot better in Hotel rooms than at Home, really weird. Spent 2 weeks in poland for Business. I never felt so rested.
I like the Nato Strap. Do not own a single one myself but I love seeing them.
Where to buy the coils in the EU? I heard they fit in a Melo 3 but wouldn't find em in Germany.
Nice...if they had done this immediately.
I also ordered some a month ago. Shipping to germany was okay, timewise. Except for 1 flavour, I loved all of them. The price is also pretty reasonable. If it weren't for the shipping, I'd probably only vape their stuff.
In Germany I paid 70$ in my second year of owning a 93' XL 600 V :D 
Does it really matter then? If you can not see if someone is 6'1 or 6'3, why bother to rate this information. Wouldn't "is he taller than me" be enough? 
Bank = Bäcker ? 95% der Bank besuche können am Automaten erledigt werden, mindestens. Finde den Vergleich doch etwas kurios. Sparkassen schließen auch gerne mal dann, wenn andere Mittagspause haben. 

Da viele Bäckereien vor 8 Uhr aufhaben, kann man auch vor der Arbeit dahin. Mir geht es dabei eher ums Prinzip. Wenn der Großteil der Leute zwischen halb 8 und 5 Uhr unterwegs ist, macht es mMn keinen Sinn, dass man als Geschäft quasi selbige Arbeitszeiten hat. 

Oh Gott. Habe mich bisher erfolgreich von sowas ferngehalten. Egal was passiert, es waren scheinbar immer diese Juden. Wenn all das, was die über Juden sagen wahr wäre....ich wäre gestern konvertiert.
Was sind normale Öffnungszeiten? 20 oder 22 Uhr ja, 18 Uhr oder früher, nein.
How long has it been out for. Received an e-mail 5 minutes ago that it's available in germany
Haha my cousin already got a 2nd phone :D
I tell ya, I'd love to do it only on slow days. I like the office / colleagues. 
Hanging around seems to be the key. I don't get it. I'll stay as long as I need to. Sometimes 10, sometimes 7 hours.
I'd love that. Once a week would be fine.
In some countries it is part of an internet contract. We don't really use ours, but we have one.
Dont know only own dual mods sry
I find the avocado pretty easy. It's not TF-RDTA easy, but easy. Flavor is nice and it doesn't leak, whereas it does sweat round the airflow.

Edit: also the single coil possibility is nice 
Since they only own the platform, they can not really be held accountable for the money laundering that's alledgedly happening. They will probably need to install measures to quickly shut down anything suspicious, but how do they know where a key comes from?
Mein Gott. Wir waren mit unseren Lehrern noch Früschoppen...die Jugend heutzutage.
Well, it's a large deck and has good juice flow, so wicking is easy. I wicked the rba on the subtank + and the g2 is a lot easier.
I mostly use fused claptons.
Your english is alright, it's my second language as well. 

I managed to break the 510 on my istick 100 with the g2 but that might have been my fault. Haven't had a problem on my cuboid. 
Or where it is shown. In germany, cinemas mostly show dubbed blockbusters. Want to watch a lower-budget film than star wars or OV? Well, find a small theatre that shows it...
Don't use snapchat but I had no problems at all with skype tbh. If it bothers you that much, I'd get a new phone
What problems occur with the normal 213?
Well, this is definitely awkward. Getting back at people like that really shows weak character...but some people do a lot of shit, feeling invincible. I, however, do believe in Karma, so I'd always recommend sitting back and living your own life.
Haha I think this is really cool.
Really? What's your mpg?
As someone stated above, it includes the whole energy used. I guess you still have a light on in your Hotel etc. So without calculating, I'd guess that us Road Trip folks still use more energy in total
Why does nobody say that it is not that good. In my family we criticise our meals all the time. It improves recipes.
and that's how you became a poor Boy..
Are You in the US? Is this legal?
Seriously? Do You get anything from them? Do you tell them the recipe or what?
Thank you. I tried every coil, the RBA Base and eventually gave up on the cubis. I mean, the Subtank is inconsistent but the cubis, my god. I just ordered the TF G2. Those new "closed" Tanks are not for me. I care less about a little Leak and more about performance, especially consistent performance.
Yes, Black cuboid. It got scratched since I used it as daily driver and it's rather inexpensive. I've only done it on 3 occasions, since it does leave its marks.
Does the 510 work on a cuboid or an istick 100w?
Just ordered the G2 yesterday, how is juice & air flow?
I am also looking for my 1st RTA. I currently use a Subtank+ (don't like the RBA tbh), a Mad Hatter and a Sapor. I like dual coils builds, usually pretty standard with either Kanthal or SS316.

My question: How do the Griffins, TF G2s etc. of this world compare. Or rather: What is the difference. The Conqueror has a postless deck which seems pretty cool, the others really look alike. Is there any difference e.g. in Juice Flow in modern RTA's?

Edit: Also, what is a small single 18650 mod any1 can recommend. I only rock dual 18650's right now.
Honest question, smoking is legal for a 17 year old in the US? I thought it would be more like 18, since legal drinking age is 21?

Edit: I assume everyone on here is from the US. Maybe, if you are not, someone can elaborate on that?
I hope this isn't true. I'd find it really sad.
I need to see North America!
I feel extremely jealous :D
Is everyone here jobless or living in a Society where you can not afford your healthcare? I don't know a single Person that can not afford a phone. It doesn't necessarily cost money. Some people might give old Phones away for free. Then you do the Smart thing and don't sign a contract. 

Also, how does everyone have Internet when so many people can not afford a phone? It doesn't say you need a golden iPhone 29, just A phone.
Check with the embassy. If one of you or both have an occupation it should not be a problem. I guess she should find a job in her field of work. 
Can we switch places? I'll move to the U.S. in return. You'll live in a poor city in Germany but that should not be a problem.
Ich glaube, dass das vor keinem Gericht als Satire durchgeht. Aber 5/7 für die Mühe.
Natürlich gibt es Grenzen. Diese sind mMn von Person zu Person unterschiedlich. Wer vermehrt durch fragwürdige Aussagen und Gewalt gegen das eigene Volk auffällt, muss nunmal mit Anfeindungen, auch Satirischer Art, rechnen.

Ein Verfahren ist natürlich vollkommen legitim, da wird man ja sehen, wie dies juristisch zu bewerten ist.
Well, he was the consistent 60 points awper. Nothing crazy but pretty Solid :D those kind of players lastly got me silver :D
Well, technically, yes Fnatic is very strong. When it comes to strats, in my mind: NaVi/LG > everyone else. Fnatic relies more on individual Plays than nice Team play and good strats.
Well, whata nice drop of 60% :D
Is there any way to know what % I'm in? I'm at work right now and at a Sports Event tonight and wanna know what my 298 points are worth.
Und ich dachte immer Duisburg wäre 3. Welt. Schön zu sehen, dass wir nicht alleine sind.
Alkoholiker randalieren auf Entzug mehr als Brotliebhaber
What about free wi fi with no Username Login or such and a private phone with nothing work related on it ? 
Oder Fußball fördern, Batshuayi kommt auch daher /s
I take this Bad Boy outside. I love it. Sometimes I'll choose my cubis since it is more convenient. Still, I love my Subtank+
And I thought I was cool with my 11 years :( still think it's something special. Although I wouldn't cheat
Clippers since Baron Davis. Not really my sports since I am german, although I tend to get a pass for the play offs
Not many MSV goals to upvote :( :D
Really? I can vape my 0.2 at 70 Watts all day long. Never had problems with the stock drip tip on the +
I currently use the 0.5 Ssocc in the subtank plus. It is alright, but no match to the 2 weeks I got out ouf the 0.2 occ. Flavour and Vapour was also better. 

Edit: I do tend to chain vape on different juices throughout the week.
I smoked like 1 1/2 packs a day and never, in my entire life did I have a stash somewhere. I always bought 1 pack at a time :D
Where'd you get it?
Mine was in mint condition when it came. I think the Firmware update screwed my TC but I only have kanthal right now, so couldn't further elaborate on it.
Apart from that it works like a charm. Wear & tear is quite heavy when you use it as daily driver.
Signed it from germany, don't know if my signature will be considered
I thought someone would say vaping...
Well, for me it is the U.S. I'd love to work there and experience the country first hand. In some parts the cost of living seems to be way off. I checked the housing market and apart from getting a visa and a job, you'd still need a place to stay, which in some areas would be impossible with my qualifications/ line of work.
Well, well, the ups & downs of being an adult
Sometimes, in this day and age, I hate being german more often than not.
I also didn't have a rank anymore. Played to rank 3, got ranked at silver 3, am now gold nova 4. 
Yeah I already downgraded, didn't help :D
Well before the update it worked like a charm. Can't test it on anything else since I only have kanthals for other tanks...
Yeah, really abused a .5 and the cotton did take a hit. I'll stick to my subtank+ or just use wattage mode, but I thought about using Ni200 coils which feels kinda unsafe right now :/

Nice update by joyetech :D 
Don't think so but I just burned a .5, so that kinda proves that there's something wrong
It's unlocked. The coil is read as 1.09 
I don't drip. Using standard kangertech 0.2 occ. Usually from 6-12mg. How Bad is it with dripping? I read it a lot in this thread.
If it is just about a stealthier vape, I can not recommend any cigalike, since I don't own one but the cubis with a 1.5 Clapton and airflow closed is basically like a cigarette in my mind. 
On the same note, can anyone post their storage for everything? Do you have those stands for Tanks?
I am also struggling to find my go-to juice. But wow, I'm 23 as well and this is exactly my story, apart from different Mods etc.
Omg, I really wanna See baby money and IDs, hope some politician includes this in their agenda.
Those were my best LAN days. BF1942 and Jedi Knight as well.
Mine is 10 years old. Back in the day you used Steam to play CS, download the specialists etc. Then, a New, cool time came around where you could have a neat library. Then....the early access shit eventually came upon Steam like a plague.
Because he wasn't that good consistenly. 
Compared to Imbula, probably, but I'm glad for him that he is playing so well.

I am a little concerned about the Team right now, though.
I think it has more to do with bis former behaviour. The Lille incident etc. He was consistenly awesome last season in Marseille and it would be a great loss for the French national Team.
Lovely. I didn't have a rank for some time but was usually at some AK thingy, got to silver 3. am now silver 4. won like 7 games and lost 1, where I had 46 kills. I get it, I am not really good but playing against people who have 50 hrs CS go, whereas I have 800 is no fun for either Party. I don't mind playing at lower ranks but I do want games where people don't just rush 24/7 or 4 guys go b in dust 2 despite being CT.
Cheers for clarifying that. As I said, I agree but this really differs from region to region.
So you should basically be a yuppie? I think this is a bit superficial. Don't know where you live / what you do for a living but 95% of the people getting laid don't wear YSL. 

I agree with a few things, though.
TIL this also exists in germany, I suppose. Haven't seen s.th. like that yet
I got a silicone case and alledgedly Explosion proof glass.

I dropped it once on a very uneven stone floor at a gas  Station. You can see little bumps in the case and this foil (?) on the screen, phone is still in a mint condition.
What exactly do you mean? 
Definitely not Asus. Update policy lacks in my mind.
Multitasking is great on the Zenfone 2, like really fast. Initial starting of the apps is slower than on flagships but this might also have to do with the Intel atom and optimization, not sure.
Battery life is alledgedly average but I find it rather underwhelming, whereas quickcharging makes kinda up for it.
It goes the other way round as well. I can't really physically shout. I have such a deep voice. Whereas I usually laugh like a girl.
Well, you are right, but I don't think he meant, that you are supposed to own an old Nokia and not have a spotify Premium account, but to spend your time in a "productive" manner, which is highly subjective when it comes to your spare time. 

Do they get a norwegian salary? I am willing to improve my dutch and take up the norwegian language :D
Well, pre-orders are possible right now. I ordered it for a ridiculous 379€. My Cousin bought it months ago in France for 299€ I think. I find it waaay too much. Electronics in germany is a joke

Edit: HK is a Hong Kong import, another Website is alza, which appears to be Czech, warranty can be a Problem, I guess
Aww. It is, I can't help it, though. I always wonder if everyone around me is as disgusted as I am :D
Well, Robert Louis Dreyfus had his money in European football. There a lot of things that are questionable about him. I do like him, due to my interest in OM, but I also think, that he took quite a few secrets with him.
Alright, I did not think about durability, initially, but rather the cost / standard of material . Considering your last points, I guess all of those are true. They (well known Brands) do have some innovative stuff, their customer service is - probably - fine and their marketing budget is rather large. You will find a.m. mentioned points in their calculation.

My comments basically stated, that those are, apart from customer service, not costs I want to pay. That's why I would certainly choose the Toyota. 

Cheers for the effort of writing such a long clarification, appreciate it.
I still mean expensive. It is affordable for me. Well, the BMW rather used than New, but when I can get phones with fairly equal specs for half the money, I don't care about the brand's image, this is about value. I don't consider both a status Symbol. 

Don't get me wrong, both are perfectly fine things and people can buy it, I just don't like the stigma around pricey things. It goes both ways: some say only sheep buy Apple products, some say people can't afford Apple products, whereas I'd go with a cheap thing and buy me a golden shitter, since it adds more value IMO.
I have to agree to some extent. Same with people who buy an S6 though. Both might be really good phones but the only way I'm buying a phone this pricey, is when I have a golden shitter. I don't need it for work, so it wouldn't create any financial value, meaning I don't buy it.
Are there many shitty, expensive cars around? I mean it's not like you buy a 80k car and get the same as in a 20k car.

Or do you mean shitty expensive as in really expensive?
Didn't know this exists, love it, cheers.
Well, I am from germany. Have only been to Oslo, Bergen and Gothenburg.

Regarding your job: If the salary is fine, doing it for as long as you feel "comfortable" with it sounds right.
Sounds demanding but really cool
Where do you live / what do you do ?
Did you move to Norway for a job?
Whoa, behave. He is a national hero. The greatest man this nation has seen.

You meant germany, right ?
I can only elaborate on #1. I personally would not buy it, especially as daily driver, due to the screen. I strongly dislike the screen, apart from that I find it okay. 

If you are okay with the resolution, I would say go for it.
What Kind of xps do you have? I had several parts switched several times. I nearly befriended the dell support guy. XPS 1730M with SLI. My thinkpad on the other Hand has been working like a charm. I had an acer aspire xxxxG in between and it had major heat issues and didn't perform so well overall.
Dart is hardly a Sport then. Nowadays there's money involved which makes it completely normal to show it. They would tweet the same if they had shown Curling. 

Playing for countless hours a day makes it a competitive game / scene / Sport. Call it whatever you want, people earn money with it.
What are furries now? I'm seriously lost with all those terms. I thought they like fur and some want to shag foxes but what about diapers and dildos? Are they known to be ____sexual? (Some knowledgeable Person please fill in the blanks)
What exactly do you do? I'm always wondering what the big shots probably do for a living.
That's not an actual fear I'd say but rather societal.  It's probably everyones's biggest burden.
Scrubs. John C. Mcginley left me emotionally empty. I know it is somehow a comedy show, but for me Dr. Cox was a well written character, I could relate to him.

I watched all episodes a couple of time and always felt the same upon finishing. So much time on my hands but I don't want to watch anything else.
Some girls can really rock it. I don't have a preference when it comes to hair but my god, if you can wear it, go for it.
No, since I don't own a working CD / blu Ray / DvD drive.
You will definitely find people to talk to about NBA and NFL in germany. You can watch some games on TV or YouTube streams. Soccer is still #1 but US Sports is still a thing, although hard to watch due to timezones. I had an NBA season pass from the play offs on and some games would end at 7 am when I arrived at work...
Where I live I can drink it on the streets legally, so no :D
Sorry, but maybe you are the sexiest. Seems like a weird thing to say about your father, though.
Haha shit, maximator. We have a bar that sells 222 beers, this is one of them. You can get yourself pretty shitfaced with it. Isn't it possible to order it online ?
Depends, german can be butchered by anyone, doesn't matter where the Person is from. Having said that, it works the other way round as well.
I do, in fact. And it is more expensive than german beer. But I do like to try out new things :D
Well he has all sorts of stuff. And since I like it I am really glad this dude does import these things. 
Where do people drink Olde English 800? Is this a real thing? 

I'm asking because I'm german and we have this small shop in my City where some old folk imports stuff.

Oh and lucky you.
Ich müsste auch nur kurz die 59 hoch und gucken fahren :D
Stimmt, der Artikel ist mir schon mal untergekommen. Wobei ich mir wirklich nicht sicher bin, ob das auch so schlimm ist, wenn man nicht uniformiert da rumläuft. Also hässlich  und heruntergekommen ist es da schon...
Zugegebenermaßen war ich in letzter Zeit nicht mehr da, aber bisher ist mir dort auch nichts passiert. Wobei der Duisburger Norden halt schon nicht so toll ist. Die Mietpreise bestätigen das :D
Naja, es müsste so eine Art "Dachgesellschaft" für TV Verträge geben. Ich würde z.B. Ligue 1 gucken, was derzeit nicht möglich ist bei sky. EPL kann man wahrscheinlich derzeit in fast allen Ländern der Welt sehen, für die würde sich nicht allzu viel andern.
Oh Gott. 400 Dollar für Kraftstoff, da könnte man so geile Karren für fahren.
Don't have anyone equal but man, you have a friendly smile.
Haha, yea when you attended a LAN and everyone had different patches ranging from 1.01 to 1.65.8b. Now that was fun with a couple of people and the shit Internet one had.....in hindisght, we should have planned ahead :D
Well, around here many people in their twenties own the iPhone 6 or 6+. I was just talking about my demographic group.
Customers don't mind. That's why I'd rather have 5 Gigs of 3G than 1 gig LTE. And LTE doesn't even say anything in terms of speed. 

The average german buys an IPhone 6 with a ridiculous data plan. And I'm just sitting here with my 2 year old MotoG and 8gig of storage but a 5gig data plan for less than 1 gig LTE.
Worked at an assembly line while studying. Really nice people, really hard and monotonous job. You basically had to fulfill a certian quota.
Salary was a joke, as expected. 
I'm glad I never had to do it fulltime.
I have 300+ wins and 700 hours....and now I'm supposed to play to rank 3? Bullshit.
Define breaking the bank
Any Song by Maître Gims
3000$ is a lot considering you barely hit 5 figures.
Question here is: do you really (!!) need the 3K? Is there something that would put you in a really Bad Position if you didn't have them?

2nd: Do you survive the busy schedule happily? Feeling tired all the time won't help you learning either.

In my mind, this is rather a personal, than a finance matter. Go with whatever you feel comfortable with, if you don't necessarily need the 3k.


Edit: phone is german so funny capitalization, sorry

Wenn Alex Hofmann Verträge als Moderator / Journalist erhält, ist das etwas gutes.
Go for it then.
Any info on setting? 
I checked the German job market. You can easily do this via step stone e.g. they are mostly looking for people with experience in a related field. Since there are quite a few jobs available, contacting companies or applying might help.
What they ask for is one thing, what a potential employee can offer another. They sometimes will settle in the middle between your CV and their demands.
2 other options are: Internships but due to fewer money this might only be possible if you are already loaded.
Or a trainee program which is like 3 years for average pay, where they train you for a higher position in the company.

Otherwise check the UK or Luxembourg job market.
Ah man I know these things. I did not work a single day until I was 20 or 21. I studied 2 semesters each, first IBS and then Mobility and logistics. During this time I was utterly useless. Didn't do shit. 
Then I took jobs beside the studies. For a short time I even worked at an assembly line. After switching a couple of times, I had an internship in the logistics branch at an airport. 
I decided to quit the studies and work. I am working for a logistics company right now and I'm quite happy.
I have a normal daily life and am a lot more confident overall.
Oh Lord, it's Jeff Teague
Best comment I ever read, cheers man
Oh man. You should have backed it in 2012. this game looked awesome for quite a while, but even when it seemed to be in an advanced state, the apex would sometimes just flip your car over for no apparent reason. Having played it for a rather long time, i am happy with the game, despite understanding the frustration one must feel, having waited months and months, hearing about delays and all.
Nice guide, i also think in gearing and i would recommend gt3 cars since they are fast, fun to drive and really forgiving
According to health studies I am the worst type. I smoke everywhere, always. Be glad that you only smoke 3 and quit.
Well I'm thinking...am I better off smoking or should i try this ? 
Is it any good? I mean the dfgt isnt so much more and it is a nice deal.
I drove the road rgt last Week at Catalunya. Night, Rain and fog.....after 1 lap I gave up actual driving and just had fun going sideways. I finished in a pack of Focus RS :D
You had to bring Hitler into it, didn't you. Well, since I am German, I might as well educate you. 
He wanted his young soldiers to be healthy. He also established good schools for bright kids. 

Don't know what Propaganda Film you on, concerning vaccination.

And no, I don't find Hitler cool.
Although you might be right, those are different games. I funded pCars back in 2012. Its a great game, AC as well. 
But sometimes just wanna cruise in a Nice  scenery with an 800 hp car. You cant do this in either game and the RPG-factor in the crew annoys me more than the physics, which is why I think PC needs a game kinda like Forza
I experience the same with my dfgt. It is just a few months old so i Dont expect it to be broken. Didnt find a fix, yet.
I do like that they don't spend 30 mil just to bench the player. However, you can't let a Sánchez play in the current squad, that's just a waste of awesomeness
Colin, Felix "the stäng" rick (!!!!!!!!!)
GIGA war auch nicht so sonderlich professionell. Das macht den charme des Formats aus.
Well, i did quit and bought a smoker's car. It got better with time....until i started again  and now it stinks.
A wheel? A car I can understand, bit with 5 minutes of cleaning you get the wheel done nicely
Mommy's secret gift shop, it appears out of thin air and vanishes, as soon as someone wants to know about it.
His Name is dutch and his Team is PSV.i think it is safe to say he isn't german
Ricky Gervais
Where do you live? In germany Diesel is way cheaper.
I just ordered the LG G. It's pretty cheap and a nice device to test the actual personal value of said wearables. I think the battery usage is a huge turn off, though.
I have a dumb question. I am Not quite the Server guy. Would it be possible tho to implement more players in one "instance" or "lobby"
Porsche was a legend, agree with you on that. One remark concerning your map criticism. 
After having played TDU 1&2 for years, it is safe to say that the maps looked pretty generic and dull in most of the places. There is a lot more beauty to explore in The Crew's map.
Totally agree with you. I hope ubi makes it their baby, though. At least they could show some sign of dignity and sense by updating / supporting the game for 1 year +. I bet More people would have bought the game if ubi hadn't released Unity.
Finally a fellow Bentley fanboy. This is such a sexy beast.
Bought it as well. Was disappointed at first, but like the understatement right now.
I am driving one perf. Loving that baby. I've never actually Seen one in real life, since I'm german. That's why I basically just own US cars ^^
Na, i usually drive: silverrado, f150, 300c, Cherokee or m5. 
True. That's why I'd like it to see this. It feels like 2 mph topspeed per 100 lvl
I know, but I'd like to know how.the values change with every upgrade
I would generally like to see a better way of upgrading cars. What are 8000 acceleration? Why can't we have  bhp and torque as indication? 
Project cars and assetto Corsa are less arcadey than NFS or the crew. The driving force GT ( dfgt ) is a pretty cheap wheel. Does that clarify anything 
That's what I don't get. I usually play AC and pCars and I find the handling alright. Even with my dfgt i barely ever crash despite driving a 458
I think they are pretty famous in the arab nations. And we all know thats where the money is.
True. I drive in Cockpit view in every game but the sound is IMO a lot better from outside for some reason
I did indeed, it's "AverageJoe"
Nice. I went for the 300C  :D
Surely most people Name their uPlay accounts "brian", "Joe", "Chad". :D
Did you turn on ffb in the logitech profiler and the game? And does your ffb work in other games?
Well I did not buy anything. I'll stick to my preorder cars until I saved up for something sweet. 

I thought about buying the 300C but it doesn't Seem to be any faster than my other cars.
Dowload the really Bad and useless logitech driver. You can set your ff up there. Then change the stuff ingame. If that's what u mean.
Haha I feel ya. I'm driving the preorder RAM. Turning is impossible, so I just take easy Turns.
Ford Capri Zakspeed
Why couldn't you? I have been hopping crews the whole time.
It's not meant that way, it is supposed to be an Opposition to the shitload of criticism before the release
Really Nice car, except for the interior. I'm in the RAM right now :D
Describe it please, since i am also using a dfgt
There have been several Betas. Sure, Ubisoft seems to be rather defensive about press lately, but everyone should have an idea about the game. 
I haven't raced in a while. I tried it out yesterday. Made it to 1:24. Also quite slow. For me it is braking. I brake too early. Plus I seem to lack grip. Post a Video so that people can evaluate your laps. I
It says "price not available", not 0
You just gave away a billion Dollar idea :D I don't know. Maybe there are regulations? Or they would never reach a breakeven point ?
I didn't read anything about it either. My guess would be that not an awful lot preordered it. Firstly the mixed reviews after the Betas, the recent ubisoft screw-ups, the microtransactions and the season pass. Reasons not to preorder it. I don't care about these things, many people do tho. 
Or you could drift, cruise, race in an F1 car or drive a 1000hp UF1 on a tweak server
Managed to do 2 rounds first time. This car is a little dipshit. You really need to get used to the shitty cornering.
Sweeeet, cheers. I preordered it anyway, but thanks :)
6 months and no mirrors :D
It isn't out yet, the so many cars thing, is it ?
Speeding
I want to buy scram :D looks really nice
Cheers. Same here. This turbo sensation is insane!
Well the domination part is one thing. Look at the tables for the last 20 years and you'll see a lot of unexpected things. 
In germany it is mainly munich. Although Dortmund is probably 2nd, they lack munich's consistency. Same can be applied to PSG. Spending loads oft money for a mediocre Champion's League Team and struggle in Ligue 1 this season. 
You are right about the EPL and La Liga.

Edit- there is no salary cap etc, so money really talks. 
Bundesliga has a 50+1 rule so no Investor can buy it, meaning those Clubs can't spend 60 mil € on a player
The deadline a year ago is a joke, although i can tolerate a delay a couple of months, if they explicitly announce what has changed. I do get the disappointment, since everyone who didnt fund it, is eager to play. 
Football Team? You basically burn it, so it counts, right ? :D
Can anyone compare it to other games? Is it anything like TDU? Is it even playable with a wheel or do you have a weird delay?
I'd say the Bundesliga is pretty tactical. You'll see a lot of "boring" games, meaning rather slow paced or where 1 Team is playing defensively. The Ligue 1 lacks discipline tacticwise, IMO it is fun nonetheless. You'll see some really nice goals. Even though I'm german, I prefer to watch the EPL.
Teleporting. Still waiting for it. 
Kim Jong Un's weird black friend.
Two possibilities, especially for English Teams. Either focus on your country's players such as Ox etc. or wait for teams to sell players such as Xabi Alonso cheaply, or checking their contracts ( sagna e.g. ) It is not fair anyway, german Clubs can't spend what all the others can, due to a lack of funding.
This whole "no training" shit is a lie. I did not do sports for years whilst chain smoking. Within months of training I could easily put up with people that claimed to be sportive ( going to the gym for the looks ). You can't be fit without training. Ever Seen someone swimming without practicing at all? Impossible.
But that's a great smell. Now that you're used to it, you might as well use it as perfume.
Mostly old criminal stuff. With nowadays means, Hitchcock would really need to rethink his stuff. Don't know the Name but the Film with the lady's corpse on the potato truck....
Crazy Professional action!
Well i know one Person.... but only after 30 years of smoking.
Which are those two?
What does one have to do with the other ?
Cheers I did not get it. This pronounciation hurts...
Starbucks has those stickers in germany as well. I hate it. It's such an american thing. If you'd sue for something like this in germany, I guess the judge would tell you that you are a dumb fuck.
I'd kill for those things to be common
Depends on whether poop comes out or not
It is really cool due to a ton of mods (good and Bad ones). You should check them out.
How caught up and fucked up can people be? This should result in Entry checks, as well as empty Stadiums if throwing happens again. A lighter might fly in any league, but rocks?
Sorry for the question, but how does the FF feel? I sold my G25 2 years ago and have since been using an old EX. I think about getting a DFGT and upgrading from there.
While it may be True, it still is a good thing, even if the Motive may not ultimatively be out of an altruistic (?) urge.
People are naturally good.
This one guy, y'know?
8 Tick Servers for go then, too much traffic otherwise.
This would improve my life by an estimated 1000%.
Great. Instantly thought about it as well. Also Selfish Man.
Bored to death. Really weird.
I made it to ~ 100 hrs in ETS2, apart Form that it's only GO
Rot-Weiß Essen :D 
Although poor does not always imply crappy, it does in our case. Still, MSV beat ya.
Zimbabwe? You can be a billionaire there !
Well, I prefer Duisburg over Berlin. It's just poor.
MMO driving sim. Similar to TDU but more realistic with sensible AI traffic.
No. They are usually in public Hand ( military ) disarmed, there might be an exception. Although I don't think it's very practical, since someone might take you down by mistake
I don't really Seem to enjoy anything really. I mean I do like my life but I always feel that something is missing.
Steam games, Sports bets, my Bad habits
Ha, I did that in saints row 3.
Bored to Death. Best show ever
There appears to be no german shop. It's also really hard to buy stuff such as Xiaomi's. I hate it.
I did as well. After 5 months. Did not stick to my diet, couldn' motivate myself to run and smoked. 10 cigs over a course of 2 days. It is harder this time....
Skill :( 

On a serious note, double the case drops for a week.
I quit 5 months ago. I am really about to crack. I started an internship over the summer...weather is nice, I could enjoy it outside with the other smokers....it. Is. So. Hard.
Effin hell, seeing Bild.de as source on reddit, once in a lifetime
Being Runover by Rick Ross in a Maybach - Topless.
African Wild Dog. They look so vicious and scary, yet cute, due to their ears. Plus, they are freakishly awesome hunters.

Edit for correct terminology: Lycaon Pictus
That's solid advice right there. Plain and simple.
It is called Mobility and logistics. It still is B.Sc but a bit broader (physics, programming, logistics, maths etc.)
I was in the newspaper of my hometown in 3rd grade for playing the trumpet at my school, with a friend of mine. Was really cool back then. I thought people would recognize me and maybe wave, but they never did :( I was not quite the star I thought I was :D
Engineer. Wanted to work for Porsche. I am studying something slightly different.
Why does everyone hate them, though? 
Wow, so many Americans here. 2001 Renault Clio. I suddenly feel really bad about my 1.2 Liter, 59BHP Torpedo. Nice gear ratio makes it driveable up to 60mph. From that to 100mph it is a pain.
Not quite the same, but Audi for example will turn the warning indicators (what is the correct English term?) On if you slam the brakes for a certain amount of time.
49 seconds at first try. 5*, love it. This is exactly my kind of game. 
They have a nice teamplay as well as individual skill. Right now, given the recently played system, I'd say France has a slight advantage. Hope Germany wins Friday, though.
At least you're getting laid....I guess
r/R.I.P.V8
Bavaria vs the rest of Germany. Not too sure about the winner, though.

Edit: they want to be an independent state, of course
Did you get this from the weird Russian developer's thing like 1 hour ago? 
2nd try. Ridiculous fault in the 1st try but whatever. Got my motorcycle license first try, though. 

Don't worry, you'll most likely get it on 2nd try.
I find it ridiculous tho. You see people changing to awesome profile pics...you see them in real life and think:" wow, did he/she start taking meth in the meantime?" 
Same with instagram: people post pictures of everyday stuff such as learning and drinking coffee and I am supposed to be astonished? 

Then there are the #tbt wannabes, who post photos from vacations that were 10 years ago.

Tl;dr I don't give a shit.
Depends on the support and optimization. That's 1 reason I hate buying games at full price.
Well, I only get better stuff when I feel like. My 470 dies regularly, might change it as well :D
Wow those cards still exist? Man I feel bad for you :D Tbh the optimization does not feel quite so good. My GTX 470 can't run it on medium settings without lagging. Got an i7, ssd, 12gb ram etc.
Had the same. Even with mods I could not get into it, whereas I really enjoy Europa Universalis.
I intended to buy the normal version....still did not like it, 3 was way above yo.
Mignolet, Mandanda 
And do not tell me yours is bad. There are a million other, more relevant factors than the - allegedly - missing euphoria about football in england....

Edit: sorry, phone screwed me, was supposed to be directed to this other guy 
I am honestly concerned, Lukaku might not achieve anything and Hazard and Fellaini need to be visible on the pitch, for Belgium to win. I have a really strong feeling when it comes to the USA. Well, why am I concerned, my country's gonna win this tourney :D
Ask them for advice or ask the coach for requirements. You can train specifically, in order to meet them. If you will not have a shot at playing, ask the players for general advice.
If they win / draw, yes. They would have 5 in case of a draw. Portugal and Ghana can only get 4 points. Even with a loss such as 2-1 or 1-0 for USA, Germany might advance, due to the +4 goal difference.
Watch YouTube videos / tutorials tbh. Try to implement this in your playstyle by being outside, practicing. Look for pitches which a free for all ( is this gaming term correct? ) or try to find a club that plays on your level. If everything fails, find people to form a club. 
I do. Same with ckr ( kazim kazim ). I really am a fan of those abbreviations.  Djibril Cisse had DC9 on his mustang, if I remember correctly.  :D
Wow, really? I was a pretty decent driver / drifter in LFS. I drive like a 5 year old in AC, tho. I just can not seem to ever get my car back in line after a wobble. Even worse are my ridiculous braking drifts....
Luckily, I only shared one on G+! Noticed it 6 months later. No one is on there anyway :D
Steam is the easiest, though. They have nice sales, good payment methods and you do not need to copy keys. Prices are low anyway, at least during sales. Apart from that, some of those sites sell Russian keys (e.g.) for a fairly low price. What am I supposed to do with a cheap Russian key?
I paid 70 € in my first year when I was 19, for a '93 Honda XLV 600, in Germany :D
Arma. Not-so-serious warfare with respawns and stuff but still a nice portion of fear and action. And karts, cars etc.
I used to wear colours only. Button down the shirt, show your chest hair and your manliness can not be questioned! 
I do not exactly have plans what to do differently, I'd do a lot of stuff differently, just because I know nobody is judging. 
I do think, however, it is a challenge worth taking in life, being above judgemental people and to just do, whatever you want.
Yes, Jericho. So bad.

Really like this, cheers :)
I quit smoking 74 days ago. I use a calendar, in order to be proud every morning. Visualize any Bad side effects from smoking, whenever you crave to smoke one. 
Everyone knows this. Keep in mind tho, that some people have limitations. I use a shitty old driving force ex. I sold my G25 3 years ago.Due to some circumstances I did not get anything better, yet. This sometimes leads to unintentional crashes, because I do not have perfect control.
It really depends on your shape. I can not really give any advice on your diet. Find a good forum that focuses on fitness and try to understand how certain food affects your body. Cutting down fat and calories while still feeling nourished might be a first step.

The sports part is pretty much up to you. Do what you like and check whether it is physically possible and whether you feel good doing it. 

Most importantly, build up confidence and dont care about hostile people.
Roccat Kova[+]
Make a Wishlist. It will send you an E-Mail when a game is part of a sale.
Really? Friends and I loved it. Back when "The specialists" was the shit to get on steam :D
San Andreas Multiplayer was just awesome. Apart from this, the CS 1.6 mods back in the day.
I remember the first two. What is this supposed to mean anyway
Live for Speed, Race07 with all Add-Ons, rFactor (2), GTR2, iRacing, TDU2, etc.

Some games have Demos, you should check Them out. iRacing for example has a subscription thingy, I do not know how serious you want it to be.
None. They should have a massive sticker with markeloff's face on it :D
Limited edition - 25.000$. A so-called micro transaction.
Well, i haven't been active for 1,5 years. Installed it again. I once found 2 Servers like 2 weeks ago. Nothing really since then
For the General stuff you can check out sites such as goal.com. There are also YouTube channels, which show game Highlights. Sky has a Champions League thing and Ligue1 has an english channel as well. I do not know about subscriptions, but in germany we have sky go, which is Bundesliga and premier league in an HD live stream.
If it is snowy for 5 months and you need it everyday, i would say no. If there is not so much snow / black ice or you buy it as 2nd vehicle, yes.
They might need a good scorer. Wait one year and See, whether Bendtner is the best player in the world :D Tbh they need a scorer, i just hope - if they buy one - they don't make the mistake Chelsea has made - buying 3 who turn out to be mediocre. Also, they should not spend big money.
BPL in 1st for sure. I'd say Bundesliga 2nd since I am german :D LaLiga pretty much equal but less quality on the lower ranks. Italians still outclass Ligue 1. Ligue 1 has the problems, that most good players leave. Teams do not settle. Look at OM and OL....pretty mediocre, whereas Saint Etienne really makes an effort to play With the big boys. Some good, affordable youngsters

I usually hate tutorials the first time, would hate to play it a second time. Tbh, I just wanna know the controls, no need to learn them by playing a tutorial, like a 5 year old.
While I do understand, that u ppl would like some changes, especially concerning the FPS issue, which i luckily dont have, Even while streaming i have 100 FPS min. I dont understand the General urge in changing everything, especially in a 1.6 direction. Yes, it felt perfect but this is something New. A lot better than source in my mind. And dont go on about the New money generating features. With like 50k Peak a day, they need money and publicity, in order to find  a place beside Moba games in competitive play.
I dont know why everyone thinks, that this game is so broken?! It might have bugs, but the developers - in my mind - have worked on quite a few...and hopefully will. While MadCatz in Vienna wasnt quite the best tourney to start into - hopefully - many season of competitive gaming, it was something. Known Teams playing, smaller teams doing fine. I think it showed the state the game is in. Nice, playable, yet to be improved.
he is doing a good job....He is not as good as Junglers like Saint or OddOne tho.
