Great update! Any chance of adding a motion sense zone that can be shaped into a non rectangular area? Or maybe more than one zone? I would like a larger area on one side and a more narrow area on the other
Long press on a empty area of the home screen.
I have 2. The Gear S2 and Gear S2 Classic. They both work great. They have smooth responsive UI and excellent battery life compared to other smart watches, including Apple watch.
How is that screenshot considered clean? The default S9 setup is cleaner than that. You don't even need a different launcher. The stock S9 launcher gives a lot of control and has built-in themeing.
Samsung Pay kills both GPay and ApplePay in the U.S. You simply do not understand how great it is until you have used it.
The number of millennials that don't seem to even understand the difference between an HDMI port and a USB port is staggering. How do I know this? Because at work I'm constantly having to unplug USB devices from the HDMI ports on various laptops in our division.
The two are not mutually exclusive and what equals excellent software is a matter of opinion. I prefer useful features in my software, rather than stripped down, less useful software. I get the best of both worlds in my Galaxy S9+.
There's a resizable box that you can drag around on screen. When something moves in that detection area the slow motion starts. This makes it pretty easy to control when slow motion starts vs Sony's. Of course, you can manually start slow motion if you want.
This happened to a friend's Macbook pro. Thankfully no one was in the room at the time.
Thanks, it is amplified. It seems like nameid and voicemail to txt are working for me even though they aren't selected in my services options. 
Happy to report that my S9+ does not have this issue.
I'm sure neither Apple nor Samsung care in the least bit.
Samsung is also working on microLED. Apple will not outpace Samsung on this. My guess is that they are trying to patent microLED production techniques in an attempt to prevent Samsung or other ACTUAL display manufacturers from doing so first.
Three problems. First, with this bridge being made out of concrete, it was way too heavy to leave it unsupported like this while traffic flowed under it. A pedestrian bridge does not need to be anywhere near that heavy. Second, they should have erected the supporting column first, so that the bridge could be fully supported more quickly. Last, they should have closed the road until the bridge was fully supported.
Lots of whining on here, but this is not much different than checking which cell phones are pinging on a certain tower at a certain time/location or checking surveillance video from surrounding areas. If a crime was commited somewhere, and only three phones pinged on towers in that area. You better believe that law enforcement should and would check if those phones are tied to a known criminal, or someone who is already a suspect in the case. This is just a variation of that. It's an investigative tool. No one is going to be convicted on this data alone. 
Thats a poor arguement. None of the examples that you listed usually involve fetishizing the death or injury of other people. Watching people suffer and die is not a hobby. If that's your hobby, then you should probably examine your principles.
I know this will be an unpopular opinion here, but I think subreddits like this only serve to desensitize people to what would otherwise be shocking situations for most normal, well adjusted people. It also caters to people who fetishize this kind of stuff. The callous comments people make online in the face of other people's suffering/death make it hard for me to believe that this behavior doesn't translate from just online behavior in to real life behavior. 
I've been unsing this since 3/15 and I've found the measurements to be very accurate vs a cuff. I do recommend calibrating it initally with reading from a cuff, otherwise you will only get percentages vs your baseline reading instead of actual readings. Also there was an app update, so update your app if you don't have it on auto update.
No, it DOES read blood pressure and gives you your readings. I've been using it every day since I got my S9+. You do have to calibrate it to begin with with another blood pressure cuff. After that it will tell you your readings. If you don't calibrate it, then it will only tell you your percentage in fluctuation vs your baseline reading.
Okay, and you tell me when LG can manufacture this display on a production scale.
...Until they rename or abandon it in the near future.
Meanwhile, while LG is trying to play catchup on mobile OLED technology. Samsung is busy perfecting microLED tech, which will put them even further ahead of their competition. 
Order processed with Next Day Air. Should arrive on Tuesday!
It's similar to taking a photo through the display and then processing the photo. You can actually see the sensor through the display on phones that have it. Theoretically a screen protector shouldn't interfere, but that probably depends on the quality of the sensor.
Pixel 2 shots look over processed. 
The Galaxy S9/S9+ has a blood pressure sensor. 
Thanks for the info!
/u/stabbot
It's a lot better than it was back when Samsung Pay was in beta. I now hear a lot of cashiers who tell me immediately that only Samsung works when they see me pull my phone out to pay. 
Every year these same "reviewers" tell me, if I have the previous generation Galaxy, that I shouldn't upgrade. Every year, I upgrade to the latest Galaxy phone and I'm happy with my choice. I'm trading in my Note 8 for the S9+. The upgraded camera and faster SoC are the prevailing factors in my choice to upgrade. In the fall, I'll trade in my S9+ for a Note 9 and know I'll be happy as well. 
Unlike NFC, MST is a one way protocol, you need to initiate the payment to use MST. With Samsung Pay, both MST and NFC are activated  with each payment and the one which is used is dependent on the merchant hardware. The good part about that is that you can disable NFC on your phone, but pulling up Samsung Pay temporarily enables it. This way you do not have to keep NFC always enabled if you don't use it otherwise. Also, Samung Pay's method more closely mimics the way we use our physical cards, you flip it up and the last use card is selected, just like that last card you used is probably at the front of your physical wallet. If that's not the card that you want to use, you flip to the one you want and pay. For this reason, Samsung Pay seems more practical to use in my opinion if you use more than one card on a regular basis. Not to mention that MST makes it much more accepted than both G Pay and Apple Pay. 
Samsung Health and Samsung Pay are also far superior to their competitors.
...and Samsung Pay.
Believe it or not, not everyone keeps their phones for two or three years. I think there are plenty of people on lease plans like me who will upgrade. I upgrade twice a year, to the latest Galaxy S model in the Spring, and to the latest Galaxy Note model in the Fall. I'm sure there are plenty of others who do the same even if they feel it's just an incremental upgrade. 
RemindMe! 2 Days "Robinhood tried to send its self $50 dollars from my bank account"
When Google adds their own version to the Pixel line, /r/Android will be going insane over how "groundbreaking" Google's emoji is.
JV is a terrible reviewer anyway, but this is typical  of AA.
The government just got in through a back door. Apple didn't want to publically admit that they would give access to the information. Instead a backdoor was conveniently located and exploited by the government, which allowed Apple's customers to believe that Apple wouldn't readily hand over their information, and allowed Apple to avoid the impending bad press as to why they were protecting the information of terrorists.
And what data do you think Google collects, voice and otherwise? ...Pretty much everything. They also won't ignore a court order. And Apple? They share your voice data too so it can be processed just like Samsung. You think they will ignore a court order to turn over your data? Amazon? They may process they own voice data, but they won't ignore a court order either. The difference is that there has been suspicion by U.S. intelligence agencies that Huawei is actually mining data on behalf of Chinese intelligence agencies.
I was going to put some on my pre-lci e90 because I prefer the look, but I couldn't find any in the US that have a matte slats and a chrome frame (which is what I want for my titanium silver 328i). I only found them in Germany and the cost plus shipping is a lot more than what is available here. I don't know if I could just get a matte set and replace the frame with my OEM chrome frame. I have noticed that some BMW enthusiasts seem to take it rather personal when people install these M style grills on non M models.
Yeah, the last three times I've jumped I've had trouble returning my phone due to misinformation from both the phone and store reps. First, a phone rep tells me I have to mail my old phone back, but I never receive a shipping label. Then I'm told to take it back to a store, but the store refuses to accept my phone until I call 611 to to have them instructed to accept the phone. This has literally happened three times. I actually have to drive out of my way to a T-Mobile further away from me because the manager at my local T-Mobile was so rude to me about accepting my JOD phone return even after customer service told him he had to accept it. Unfortunatly, T-Mobile has some of the worst customer service.
You have to pre-order by phone if you are on JOD as far as I know. In my experience the store reps never know what they are talking about.
I don't remember what the deal was with the S8+ when I jumped, but I'm in the highest credit rating  with T-Mobile, so that's not the issue. I think they just realized that they were losing money to frequent jumpers, so they started requiring the down payments on phones above a specific amount.
It is kind of odd that there is no promotion for pre-orders, but sometimes Samsung does offer promotions after the official release that you can  take advantage of if you pre-order.
You have to pay $120 down on the S9+, the S9 has no down payment. I just pre-order my S9+ and I'm also on Jump on Demand. 
For $99 I'm in. I'm pre-ordering my S9+ tomorrow  and this DeX will be a nice addition. :)
Samsung pre-orders usually arrive a few days to a week early on T-Mobile.
I didn't say it was. I said it was pointless.
This was pointless. Wait for the legit reviewers to actually review the camera.
I don't see the problem other than that the verge is apparently required to post anti-samsung articles anytime there is a new Samsung phone released. The phone can create an emoji that looks like you. So what? It seems to do a reasonably good job of it based on all the various AR emoji that I have seen posted by reviewers. If you don't like that sort of thing, don't use it.
I doubt anyone is buying an S9/S9+ solely for 3D emoji. It's just one of a long list of features. That said, I older than you and I am curious as to how I will look as one of these cartoon/emoji characters.
I'm on Jump on demand with T-Mobile, so I'm jumping from Note 8 to S9+.
I didn't realize so many /r/Android users actually use airpods. I've tried the airpods but prefer my IconX. 
I dont care what anyone here says... Cupping feels amazing. It really helps with a stiff/aching back. You don't need to do it to the extreme as shown in the photo and you don't need to get pricked with needles either.
The quality of Google's phones are a craps shoot from release to release.
Bixby works really well at adjusting this kind of stuff too. You can tell Bixby to adjust brightness to a certain percentage or to the lowest or brightest setting. You can also have it nudge the brightness up or down by just telling it to lower or raise the brightness.
My phone is my most used device, so I'm not going to skimp on that. I upgrade twice a year... Once in the spring to the latest Samsung Galaxy and once in the fall to the latest Note. I pre-order so that I get all the pre-order offers, and I'm on Jump on Demand(T-Mobile), so that I'm only paying for the time I'm using the phones. Some people might consider that expensive, but it's within my budget, and I enjoy having the latest and greatest technology. So yeah, I'll be ordering getting the S9 plus when it goes up for pre-order even if it's more expensive that the S8 plus.
Binance is super easy to use, and I really like the referal feature!
Better than leaving him dimpled, I guess :/
I have fast wireless chargers, so I'm not sure if that would have worked for me.
Had I known that, I would have definitely tried that first. I just remembered that stack charging was a supposed fix for this issue. 
I bought a nexus 7 that wouldn't charge and exchanged it twice and the other two wouldn't charge either. That experience totally turned me off of nexus devices.
It didn't occur to me that the wireless charger might do the same trick, otherwise I would have tried it. My goal was to stack charge it as fast as possible, so I used the charging cable.
I think it's hard to say how many devices have this issue. I've had my battery run down completely on my Note 8 a handful of times before without a problem. Admittedly, I haven't been too careful about letting the battery run down all the way. I'd imagine that people who are more careful are less likely to experience this problem.
I guess I'm the only one here that loves the tollway. An open road ahead of me and not having to deal with the typical idiots in traffic are well worth a couple of bucks a day to me.
GA and Bixby do different things.  GA is about voice access to Google's services with some limited control of your phone, Bixby is about granular voice control of your phone and apps with limited cloud capabilities. Just because Bixby doesn't offer a direct replacement for Google search/services doesn't mean it doesn't offer compelling features.
Bixby has capabilities that Google Assistant can't even compare on, and offers much greater contol of your phone. I know there are a lot of people on /r/android who don't understand (or don't want to) the difference between Bixby and GA, or the use case for Bixby. That doesn't change the fact that Bixby is actually pretty useful and plays a very complimentatry role to Google Assistant. The one thing about Samsung is that they don't really waste time and resources in implementing technology the way Google does. Samsung is about getting the latest and greatest technology to their customers ASAP, not perpetual experimenting, limiting access, and dropping/merging/splitting/replicating projects the way Google does. I expect that Bixby will only get much better with each release. Then, you will soon be able make an apples to apples comparison to Google Assistant.
I'm planning to purchase more XRP. I just want to make sure I don't buy too soon with the price going down the way it is right now.
What has Google done to me, you ask? Provided poor customer service.
First try.
This makes a lot of sense. I recently noticed a problem on my WiFi that was causing my ring doorbell and cameras, echos, firesticks, WiFi Smart Home devices and everything else to drop off. As soon as I disconnected and stopped using my Chromecast (which recently started rebooting randomly) this problem seemed to disappear.  I'm sure Google will take forever to fix this as usual. Thankfully, I don't really use the chromecast much anyway.
Bixby can do this without a problem... Just saying.
When I compare this to my [Note 8 sleeve](https://i.imgur.com/TUYtd4n.jpg), I'm doubtful that this is authentic. Samsung doesn't print on the actual box as pictured, they print on sleeves. Also, my Note 8 came with AKG headphones, but they were just called "Stereo Headset" on the box. There are numerous other discrepancies which lead me to believe this retail box is fake.
Google wastes so many resources on pointless changes. Next year they will disable some features and rename it to something else just as people are learning what GPAY is. What they should have done is bit the bullet and licence MST from Samsung for their pixel devices. That would at least be a big improvement for millions of people. 
Why would they do this? Market manipulation? I wonder if this happened to any other Poloniex investors.
My Note 8 burns my retinas at its brightest settings. My Note 4, Note 5, S6 edge, Note 7, S7 edge, and S8 plus were all plenty bright as well.
Google is screwing themselves. Once Apple replaces all of Google's services on iOS, Google is going to regret not forming better relationships with companies like Amazon and Samsung who actually know how to sell and market their products. Unfortunately for Google, they suck at marketing their products and most of their hardware is a buggy mess.
What about a paper wallet? 
Yeah, I know, but my question was whether or not mustangs have any kind traction/stability control.
I realize there are idiots trying to drift who would probably disable it, but do Mustangs have any kind of dynamic traction control? 
I'm sure it had good reason.
The app was made by Amazon. Google has blocked it using the user agent with flimsy reasoning to justify it. The app was just a browser that pulled up only Youtube. Amazon told their users how to work around it by using a web browser instead. If Google were to block traffic from Amazon devices in a web browser, then there could be some legal action either by Amazon or class action by users. Ironically, that could bring up the whole net neutrality issue, and Google did claim to be a supporter of net neutrality.
Neither Walmart nor Amazon have monopolies and are free to sell what they want. If they don't want to sell competitors products, they don't have to.
With that reasoning, Amazon can demand that both Google and Apple sell Amazon devices on their online/physical stores. Which is ridiculous. Walmart doesn't sell Amazon devices. Amazon, like any other business reserves the right to decided what is sold on their website. Also, Google can easily enter into a deal with Amazon to sell their own devices on Amazon, but is instead hiding behind third-party sellers. 
Well there is simple workaround which Amazon provided to firestick users, so this is not really a situation where Amazon loses. Google just ends up looking stupid for blocking a publically accessible website to a specific class of users.
It's a two way street, Google has tried to screw over Amazon before Chromecast ever existed.
Good try Donald J Trump. Pretty much every major retailer sells online and you are free to purchase from them. Amazon has invested heavily in their market place to the point that they offer what others can't, but that's not a monopoly.
That was unfortunate for Microsoft, but I don't think Amazon is going to let Google push them around.
Why are all these pedestrians just strolling across the tracks? That train is moving pretty quickly. If a car has to stop, so should the pedestrians. Also, do none of them care that a car with someone in it is about to be hit by a train? Also, why is there a gate on the exit of the crossing? That just begs for this type of situation to happen. 
This is about as stupid as if Amazon decided to block Google Pixel and Nexus devices from using Amazon.com. WTF is Google doing?
The Amazon market place was part of the Amazon app and it was removed by Google at one point. The same way Google didn't want Amazon's competing market place on their store, Amazon doesn't want Google's competing products on theirs.
I guess Google forgot that they removed Amazon's app because it competes with their app store. Then they throw a hissy fit because Amazon won't let them sell Google devices on Amazon through third-party sellers. Nevermind that Google refuses to enter an agreement with Amazon to sell their own products.
Google wants to force Amazon to sell their products, which compete directly with Amazon products. They also want to skirt around paying for an FBA agreement with Amazon, by having other sellers sell their products on Amazon. Apparently Google forgets that they removed the Amazon marketplace app because they said it competed with the Android market. What goes around comes around. Firestick users can still watch youtube with the Silk or Firefox webrowsers.
Snapdragon, T-Mobile variant. 
Google makes its money off of serving ads and mining data from users. Amazon make its money off of web services, subscription services to prime, amazon device sales and seller fees. They have very different business models. Amazon would not make any money off continuing to have Twitch on Roku. Google on the other hand, still makes their money when users watch youtube and their ads, regardless of the device that they are watching from. 
The "app" was literally just a browser restricted to youtube. No different than accessing youtube through a browser. If there widespread are issues going on with firestick users viewing youtube through a browser, then Google may be throttling the connection from firestick browsers. I guess we'll have to wait and see if more people report this problem.
Yeah, I like Samsung phones... Sue me. They offer the best hardware and feature combo of any Android OEM, including Google. 
And well before Chromecast existed, Google refused to work out a deal with Amazon in regards to their market place. Google likes to change their rules for Android OEMs on the fly to suit Google, just ask Samsung. Google is the biggest obstacle for any Android OEM.
Google has always been more hostile toward Android OEMs than they have been toward Apple. Just ask Samsung who has to deal with Google throwing obstacles at them constantly. Google could have worked out a deal with Amazon in regard to their market place, but refused. Yet, Google has their lips planted firmly on Apple's ass, but heaven forbid they work with companies who actually use Android and increase its market share. I can't wait until Apple totally cuts Google services off of iOS to see how Google reacts to the fact that they have screwed themselves over by not forming better relationships with Android OEMs. 
You can also just use Silk browser or Firefox.  
"Never had a problem with googles Nexus line"... Says no one, ever.
Firestick supports youtube with Silk or Firefox browsers. But, how would you feel if Google decides that Roku is infringing on Chromecast sales and blocks Youtube on Roku? 
A class action suit is more likely than Amazon suing Google. There is an easy work around for FireTV users, but I'm sure a court would find that consumers are harmed by Google's actions, especially if Google make a habit of doing this. I'm 100% certain that Amazon would agree to a deal selling Chromecasts and other Google products if Google was the seller and setup a fullfilled by Amazon deal. The problem is that Google just wants Amazon to allow third party sellers to sell these Google devices and not have any actual deal with Amazon. They want the benefits of selling their products on Amazon, without investing the money and effort. Even Sears (who views Amazon as an ultimate rival) has a deal with Amazon to sell their appliances, so they fact that Google can't be bothered to broker a mutually benficial deal is quit telling. 
No, there is no official youtube app for Firestick. The app was made by Amazon. Google is blocking the App. Meanwhile Google has it's lips firmly planted on Apple's ass even though they are undermining Google at everyturn and are totally proprietary in everything. Combine this with Google actively working against Samsung (the largest Android OEM) and it's clear that Google has no actual plan for the future.
My Note 8 battery has completely drained twice without issue.
Yeah. 
How about Google quit putting so much restrictions on the customization of Android?
Just install Firefox for youtube. It's the same experience.
Well, technically, Google could throw a hissy fit that NVidia isn't selling Google devices on their website and pull the same shit, but doubtful. Google is out to get Amazon because Amazon is outselling them by far in all things Smart Home
Seems that Google is getting pretty desperate to get their shoddy hardware into more homes.
Google has not been that gracious. They have even retroactively placed a lot of restrictions on companies that want to offer their own user experience with Android. Which means companies like Amazon that heavily modify the Android user experience are cut off from the play store.
Yeah, Google is constantly kissing Apple's ass, even releasing apps and updates on iOS first. Last time I checked, Apple doesn't sell Google products and is working on replacing Google services. Seems like Google has singled out Amazon. This is not much of a surprise. Google doesn't even play very nice with their closest partners. Take Samsung, who sells more Android phones than any other OEM, yet Google still makes decisions with Android that seem to be aimed at completely undermining Samsung.
Well why should Amazon be forced to sell a competitors product? Google is the largest ad company in the world, surely they can sell and market their own products without involving Amazon. Imagine if Google cut off Google services, maps, youtube to iPhone users because Apple doesn't sell Google product in their stores or online. How would you feel about that? It's a shitty move by Google either way.
You can use it in the browser, which is basically the same experience. 
Amazon could do that, but Google would probably block it again.
Now imagine if Google pulled the Youtube app on Roku because Roku didn't sell Chromecasts on their website.
I have three firesticks and one chromecast. My chromecast just stopped working a few days ago... I'm not buying another Google product with Google pulling crap like this. Google is the largest ad company in the world, if they can't sell their own damn products without trying to force other companies to sell them like this, then they are the ones to blame.
As a preemptive measure, Amazon told Firestick customers to install Firefox so they can access Youtube.
If that means we'll get Exynos processors on Samsung Galaxy phones, I give this claim two thumbs up. 
People acting like the results in this comparison are impossible are just being ridiculous. I thought I was on /r/apple for a minute... I guess even people on /r/android seem to freak out when iPhone isn't declared the winner on a simple testing scenario. Worse yet, people are coming up with conspiracy theories as to why the iPhone clearly performs the worst in this particular scenario. Perhaps iPhone OIS simply aren't designed for high frequency vibrations, and perhaps Samsung's OIS does better than the others do with high frequency vibrations. That doesn't mean that the others are terrible, just that the Note 8 does better in this type of scenario. Every phone has it's pros and cons. 
It's not going to vary THAT much.
I have a Tab S3. No problems with it so far. I think it's a bit early to be claiming this issue you had is widespread.
Because Google allows their employees to use company resources to prioritize iOS over Android. This, in spite of the negative effect that it can obviously pose to Android. Meanwhile, I'm 100% positive Apple is working to replace/remove as many Google services on iOS as possible and not encouraging company resources to be used to help a direct competitor. 
I love my Gear S2 Classic and Sport. I can't really say much about Android wear or Apple watch. Though, I do have people in my family who use Apple watches and their battery life is horrid compared to my Gear S2s. I really love being able to leave the house without my phone and still be able to make and receive calls and texts.
When I was a kid I had a dream that I was on a plane and the whole roof of the plane ripped off and a fight attendant got sucked out. Then I saw news of this incident, literally,  a few days later and it freaked me out so much that my dream had been so similar to what had happened on this flight.
Typical Google update... Screws up more than it fixes.
BarclayCard also now works on Samsung Pay.
What does this offer over [Bixby Vision](https://imgur.com/Q1pvR9R)?
Using Samsung Pay doesn't "lock you in" to anything. In fact you can use both Android Pay and Samsung Pay on the same phone with the same cards. Though there is little reason to choose Android Pay over Samsung Pay if your prefered banks and issuers support Samsung Pay. Basically you are just electing not to use a great feature that you have paid for. Also, Samsung Pay affords more privacy and rewards users than Android Pay does.
Samsung Pay. 
What about side bezels?
It should be covered under warrantee unless you have physically damaged the phone in a way that would cause this, like severely bending it or crushing it or dropping it. Since it doesn't look like the screen is cracked or the phone is damaged, you shouldn't have a problem.
Bixby is awesome... It lets you control the phone in ways that Google Assistant and Siri can not.
If the performance of the M3 is well beyond the Snapdragon, then they will probably stick with the M3 across the board and just pay the extra licensing fees for the U.S. versions.
It's back until Google screws things up again. I remember having it on my Note 4 for a short period before Google pushed updates that broke it.
I have a gear S2 sport and classic. My preference is the classic. With the classic you can use regular watchbands, so you selection is unlimited. With the sport there are plenty of non-Samsung bands to choose from, but they are of varying quality. Samsung brand elastomer bands are the best IMO. As for battery life my S2 Sport (wifi/bluetooth) runs circles around the Apple watch and around my S2 classic with 3G. Also, the interface on the S2 is just a lot easir than the Apple watch. If you don't mind a large watch, the S3 is probably the best option, but it's too large for my taste. 
He's comparing the two, but the brightness is much lower on the S8+. Different phones handle auto brightness differently. Just set them to the same brightness if you are going to compare them.
I mostly use the iris scanner on my Note 8. I only use the fingerprint scanner for my banking app. I'm sure the S9 will have an iris scanner so the fingerprint scanner being on the back will be less of an issue for most people.
Who blasts audio from their phone to the point that front facing speakers are a priority? Seems kind of rude if you are doing that in public. If I want to listen to something beyond a causal youtube video, I use headphones or Bluetooth audio.
I've compared the two. Note 8 is brighter and has more pleasing colors by default. The Verge has always been biased against anything not apple, so this is no surprise. 
This phone has almost as many daily scandals as the Trump administration... What a mess.
Beyond the very simple, and difficult to screw up, Chromecast, I do not trust any hardware that is "made by Google".
I've owned practically every Samsung Galaxy phone from the S2 up and none of them got screen burn-in. 
Unless you count the Note 8 ;)
It's only normal on non-Samsung panels.
Two very different processes in manufacturing. Samsung owns OLED at the phone scale. 
Sure, not THAT bad.
I'm sure for the right price Samsung would produce all the AMOLED panels Google could ever need. It's not like Google is selling that many phones anyway.
It's LG POLED that's the problem.
Bixby does stuff that Google assistant can't do. It gives you more control of your phone. Google assistant is about giving you voice access to Google services. Bixby is about giving you granular voice control of your phone. There is some overlap, but they have very different capabilities. If you understand that, you can understand that Bixby can be quite useful and complimentary to Google Assistant.
I think they are using LG POLED panels, but maybe they got a discount on three year old Samsung panels from the reject bin.
The thing about Samsung is that they iterate their technology advancements much faster than most other companies. They started with a respectably capable product with Bixby and I have no doubt that they will continue sucessfully with Bixby 2.0
Nice idea and the website looks nice, clean and simple. What kind of full synthetic do you use? My BMW has only ever used BMW oil, so I was just wondering. 
I'm still waiting for Google to integrate Waze into the Android Auto app :/
They last longer if you put music on them than if you stream music to them. You can store 3.4GB of music on them for direct music play which makes the battery life is considerably longer.
By using Samsung Pay... I got like $500 in $50 promo codes last year during a promotion, but you can only use one code per transaction.
You can put 1000 tracks (3.4GB)

Earbuds: Standalone Music Play Up to 3.8 hrs, Standalone Music Play with Workout Up to 3.4 hrs, Audio Streaming Up to 1.6 hrs, and Audio Streaming with Workout Up to 1.5 hrs<br>Case: Number of recharges Up to 2 times
For streaming sure, but they last considerably longer if you put music on them. For a daily work out, these are perfect.
It does say they are now on back order (probably due to high demand), but typically Samsung ships items ordered on Samsung.com very quickly.
Thanks! Just ordered mine for free since I had a $50 promo code. (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
I use the icarly adapter and app on my 328i and my oil level still shows. It must have been one of the options that you changed. Have you tried restoring a backup of your settings before you made changes?
You can easily turn off the traction control on a BMW. This guy's problem is that, traction control, or no traction control, he is a dumbass.
The battery did exactly what it was designed to do... It didn't explode. Why it happened is a different story. It could be damage/flaw with the charger or battery itself. Just call your carrier or Samsung to get it replaced and I probably would replace the charger and cable as well.
As a Note 8 owner, I'm calling BS on this article. Either they have a defective model or they are deliberately posting misleading Note 8 photos.
Google acquires a team from a struggling company... This will end well.
This sounds more like Google trying to prop a struggling HTC more than anything. Maybe Google will see some benefits, but Google seems to have trouble leveraging their vast resources on so many projects, so I have doubts that Google will make the most of this deal. As for HTC, they may end up being the big losers in this situation after Google gets what they want. Also, I think this move is going to mobilize other Android OEMs to separate themselves further from Google.
Google should make better use of their resources to produce products that will appeal  beyond a few enthusiasts and developers. For me, it's not as much about price as it is about every thing Google releases having a beta feel and being in short supply. Not to mention, that Google has a propensity to discontinue so many projects. This makes it difficult to get excited about anything that they release.
All I can say is that there is a very noticeable difference in battery life between the S8+ and the Note 8 for me, and the Note 8 definitely has better battery life.
The battery life is better on my Note 8 than on My S8+, so yeah, battery life is a plus.

No, I dont wear glasses. I'm not sure what effect wearing glasses would have on the function of the iris scanner. I suppose you could try registering your irises while wearing your glasses if you have trouble scanning your irises while wearing glasses.
I don't use face unlock, but I primarily use the iris scanner (both S8+ and Note 8) and it works well unless you are outside in very bright sun. It's quick and offers more security than android's face scan, so I find it pretty useful. It works great in the dark, so that's a big plus. I really only use the fingerprint scanner for apps like my banking app that don't yet support the iris scanner.  
Not really since Samsung manufactures the displays for these new iPhones. 
I'll keep my Note 8 :)
In day-to-day use (past two days) I've noticed that my Note 8 has longer battery life than my S8+ did.
I always tip 10% for take out orders. That seems to be a normal amount to tip. 
For people complaining about the battery. Two days in and my Note 8 battery is lasting longer than my S8+ battery did.
Dallas/Fort Worth area here. I pre-ordered a orchid gray Note 8 the first day of pre-orders and it will be delivered by this evening. :)
Did you disable any packages?
The panic actually started on social media. The local news was like a day behind in reporting that stations were running out of gas. The problem is that the RR commissioner didn't set clear expectations when stations started running out and just said their was no shortage. This seemed like a lie to people who normally would be putting in gas and couldn't find any. They told their friends, family and coworkers about it and spread it via social media. That prompted a panic and hording. No news media required for this kind of panic now days.
Thanks, I filled up early this morning at Costco. It angered me to see so many people hoarding gas and filling countless gas cans, while everyone else had to wait in a long line just so they could have enough gas to make it to work.
In spite of a long line, I was able to fill up at Costco at 6AM this morning, so I should be good for the rest of my work week. :)
T-Mobile here. I have my UPS Next Day Air Saver tracking number but no delivery date as of yet. In my experience, T-Mobile usually does a good job of getting Samsung Galaxy Phones out ASAP. Can't wait to get my Note 8!
Are you sure it's not a curb alert to sense when you are close to a curb when parking? It could be out of calibration, or the sensor on the front bumper might have shifted in position.
...with wider side bezels.
I just need gas for my work week, which starts on Sunday. I use a quarter of a tank of premium a day and right now I have half a tank. Right now I'm not driving at all until Sunday to conserve what I have. My problem is that on Monday I'll be driving on fumes on my way home if I can't locate any gas by then. If this issue doesn't resolve by Sunday, I'll probably have to get a hotel room near my workplace so that I can get to work. I just don't want to get stranded some where.
Why does this article about a SanDisk SD card start off with Apple iPhone fan boy wanking? Seems kind of odd considering that iPhones can't even use SD cards.
The king of Spain ordered that Spaniards in Mexico City colonize what is now northern New Mexico. My ancestors were part of this colonization and that's how my family came to be in the United States. My great, great, great grandfather even fought for the Union in the Battle at Glorieta Pass during the Civil War when New Mexico was just a territory. 
Seriously, privacy? What do you think Google does with your data? Samsung has better privacy policies than Google.
True, but I think the overlap of S8+ owners or people interested in it and people who would actually like the Note 8 is probably pretty high in comparison to Galaxy Notes of the past. The S8+ is nearly the same size as the Note 8, whereas in years past the Note line was always significantly larger than the Galaxy S line. The size difference of the Note line is what made it more niche in the past. Now that the Sizes of both lines have converged more, their is likely more overlap in people who might be interest in the Note line as well. Sure it's a matter of whether you think thge Note 8s features are worth the extra money, but I don't think that people interested in the S8+ are going to automatically opposed to what amounts to an S8+ with more features just because it costs more.
The Gear 360 seems to be the only option that T-Mobile is offering. I'll have to wait and see when I get my Note 8 and claim the promotion. Nevertheless, I have several fast wireless chargers and two 256GB SD cards that I got with my Note 7 purchase, so I'd probably pick the Gear 360 anyway.
I've had my S8+ since release day and I've had no noticeable slowdown and I have never had to reset it. I think that argument about Touchwiz slowing down is way over exaggerated here on /r/android. I think extended performance of a phone has a lot more to do with what apps are installed, and performance issues and bugs introduced when Google pushes their play services/search updates.The S8+ has been the best phone that I have owned so far. I'm very happy with my choice to purchase it.
Only if you are on a tight budget is the S8+ a better deal. Otherwise, Note 8 is the way to go. A none Note phone simply does not compare, unless you are jumping a generation (S9). Also, if you pre-order, you get bonuses like a free Gear 360 or Fast Wireless Charger/256GB MicroSD and extra Samsung Pay rewards points which helps offset the price difference. 
I've pre-ordered my Note 8 and can't wait to get it. I'm getting a free Gear 360 camera as a bonus too. Anyone who has actually owned a Galaxy Note would probably totally disagree with this reviewer. I've owned every Note since the Note 4 and the only time I was ever disappointed was when I had to return my Note 7... I really loved that phone. I know the Note series doesn't appeal to everyone, but if you like the S8+, you'll more than likely love the Note 8. The only question is that of whether or not spending the extra money is worth it to you. Between the aesthetics (tighter curves), the extra RAM, upgraded camera and the Note/S-Pen capabilities, it's more than worth the money for me to upgrade from my S8+. Having said that, I'm someone who usually upgrades twice a year. I'll likely be upgrading again when the S9 and Note 9 are released. In my opinion, a Galaxy Note is always a solid choice whether you purchase it when it's first released or if you wait for the price to drop.
And people wonder why OEMs like Samsung spend so much resources on implementing their own UI. This is a perfect example on why Google can not be trusted to produce a polished finish on android. Oddly enough, Google seems to put more effort into their iOS apps UI than they do with android UI.
Maybe later they did, but not with pre-orders.
They didn't offer Netflix for the S8/S8+, so that promotion may no longer be available.
I got an account credit on tmobile for trading in my Note 7. 100$, I believe. Also, got refunded entirely and got to keep the 256GB SD card and GearVR that I got with it. I think that's more than enough.
I tried to get this when I got the Sync Up added to my plan. I told them that I don't need the hotspot but they refused. Now I'm kind of pissed off that other people are getting it, but I was refused the option. 
They didn't actually photograph the sun in that commercial. There is risk of damaging your camera without the proper filters.
If those other nazi marchers knew his last name was Fuentes, he'd be worse off than just having to leave his school. 
I had several bitcoins from many years ago when I first heard of them. I got them out of curiosity, then pretty much forgot about them because they were pretty much useless to me back then, just a novelty. Everytime I've heard about their value increasing, I tell myself that I need to figure out where my young, stupid self put them. I looked once before with no luck. I'm thinking that they are stored on one of my old hard drives,of which I have a ton of, or backups done on DVD-R (also have a ton of these). I just don't know where they are. They're probably in some encrypted folder, to which I don't remember the key ಥ﹏ಥ. 
It depends... Some southern accents, especially in poorly educated rural areas, are just a complete mess and very difficult to understand.
It was a BMW according to news reports.
Make sure your S2 firmware is up-to-date.
As other's here have said, Samsung Pay protects your real card number with a single use tokenized number. So even if you "swiped" it on a compromised terminal, your real card number would not be exposed. If you have never used the card elsewhere, either physically or online, then you should report that fact to Capital One so they can investigate how your number could have been stolen. The only two possibilities in that scenario would be through Capital One or through Samsung Pay. However, if you have used your card at all in the past, that's the more likely source. Keep in mind that this stolen information is usually held, then sold to a third party. So the time between your card info being stolen and it being used fraudulently might vary quite a bit. I had a card compromised a few years ago and Bank of America wouldn't even provide me information on where it was compromised. Though, I suspected it was at either Home Depot or Target which I had used it at in the past. All BoA did was send me a new card. They would never confirm where they thought my card information was stolen from.
Get an ultraviolet flashlight and you can spot them easily at night and remove them before they do more damage.
This can easily happen with a BMW if you accidentally hold the unlock button down too long. This happened to me once in a parking lot and I didn't notice until I returned to my car. All my windows were open, as well as the sunroof. Thankfully it wasn't raining and no one decided to get into my car. 
It seems like flooded Mercedes are prone to catching on fire. I saw a video a few months back of another Mercedes that was also in high water and on fire.
Most HOAs would fine you left and right for this.
The device always has power, so it shouldn't need a full boot up. If anything it should just need to wake up from a lower power mode. Nevertheless, it seems to me that three minutes is pretty slow for a such a simple device to wake up, connect to the network and send a notification.
The fact that most people here are saying that they also notice a three minute delay in disturbance notifications seems to indicate that the delay time may have been purposely set at 3 minutes. This is disappointing to me. I think an instantaneous notification would be more useful to most people. In three minutes someone can drive or walk away and unless you have motion activated dashcams that happen to also capture the incident this feature is not very useful as it has been currently implemented. Perhaps if we contact T-Mobile/Mojio about this they would be willing to at least make it an option to have more timely disturbance notifications. 
I have unplugged mine, and removed and reinserted the SIM. I haven't noticed a difference.
Sorry, it seems like your only option at this point is to delete this contact and end this dysfunctional relationship. 
I had a Note 4 which supported it until Google updated play services and broke the feature. I got an S6 edge before they ever fixed it (IF they fixed it). As far as I'm concerned, Google has a terrible reputation for breaking useful features and never bothering to fix them.
Thanks for the info.
Has there been any change on this? I was considering getting Sync Up, but I would first like to know if it is working with IFTTT.
Get a new cable. I had a cable, that my cat chewed that burnt like this. The charger works fine with a new cable.
In my experience, most non-tech people I know own iPhones, everyone else I know with more technical knowledge have Android phones.
You can add songs to your library, but I can't get it to rate a song. Google Play Music is in the Labs section, so I'm sure more commands will be added. Here's a list of stuff that you can do with Google Play Music https://imgur.com/1bfgcq3
Those really squared corners are going to be a big issue for drops. Even rounded corner devices have trouble protecting the display with corner drops. Aside from that, I don't like the aesthetics of sharp corners on a phone, and it doesn't look like something that would feel very comfortable in my pocket.
I don't see it on my S8+
I've been using the preview release of Bixby and I like where it's headed. I think that most people here on /r/android don't understand that Bixby is not really a replacement for Google assistant. It's actually more of a supplementary feature that's focused on giving you comprehensive voice control of your phone and the apps on your phone, whereas Google assistant is about giving you easy voice access to Google's services. There is obviously some overlap, but if you keep that in mind you'll have a better understanding of Bixby. Personally, I think having this kind of control over your device is great and I suspect that Google will eventually try to incorporate this level of phone/app control into Google Assistant. Though, with Google, those kinds of additions often take a long time. I really see no reason why Galaxy users can't benefit from using both Bixby and Google Assistant. It's just a matter of understanding the capabilities of each and using them accordingly.
I've owned this tablet since it was released. It's a great tablet. It has a gorgeous display, good performance and good battery life.
I've been on T-Mobile for over 3 years, and I can probably count on ONE HAND the number of times that my bill has actually been correct :/

I did a jump on demand upgrade from S7 edge to the S8 Plus when the S8 was released and they still have my S7 edge on my bill. I've had to call two months in a row to have it manually removed and it looks like I'll have to call again this month.¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Those do look pretty nice and not a bad price. I would like some that are brighter in the daytime, but I think the design of the Halogen LCI headlights don't allow as much light into the angel eyes as the Xenon headlights do. Any issues with heat buildup that you have noticed with these? I was thinking of installing a couple of light pipes between the LEDs and the inputs for the angel eyes to see if that would transmit more light through the angel eyes, but I haven't had a chance to test that idea out.  
What brand of LEDs did you use? Are they pretty bright in he daytime?  I thought about using the LUX V3, but $125 seems a lot compared to some others. It looks to me like he LUX are about 12 watts since they claim 88 watt equivalent. I ended up using [these](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B01HSWFAKC/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_dp_T2_zAwtzbEY8F69R) for $16.99. They are actually for later models, so I had to break away the plastic with the two extra mounting holes, but that was easy. At 6 watts, they aren't as bright as I would like them in the daytime, but otherwise look very nice and bright compared to the OEM bulbs.  
You can code out the diagnostic tests that make LEDs flicker on start up.
I coded out the corner amber lights so that they only flash when I use my turn signal or hazard lights. I have the Carly for BMW Pro app and the Carly for BMW Bluetooth GEN 2 OBD bluetooth adapter (about $120 for both) This lets you code tons of settings on your BMW.  It also lets you do stuff like register a battery, do diagnostics, and reset service intervals. You can also do this with coding software you can download and using a cable to connect your laptop to your OBD port, but there seems to be a much higher learning curve with that method. 
I have the same headlights. I did the same upgrade to the bulbs and I also coded out the corner amber light.
I preordered my S8 Plus and I love it so far.
It would be good for any kind of work environment. When a device isn't someone's personal device, they tend to be more careless with it in day to day operations. For instance, Amazon uses ruggedized Kindles in their fulfillment centers. If they just used plain Kindles, they'd be replacing them constantly.
Upcoming embedded fingerprint sensors are limited to a specific part of the display, not the entire display. You'll have to touch the area of the display where the sensor is located. The Note 8 may possibly come with one of these embedded sensors based upon a leaked image ( which shows a Note 8 without a rear fingerprint sensor), but it depends on whether or not Samsung feels the technology is consumer ready or not at the time that they finalize the Note 8 design.
Remind me in 12 hours
I seriously have to clean my BMW's wheels every other day. I'm definitely changing to non-OEM pads on my next brake service. I know there will be more wear to the rotors, but doesn't BMW recommend for the rotors to be changed with the pads anyway?
Do yourself a favor and use Samsung Internet instead of Chrome. It performs much better.
I've never had this problem and I have several cards on Samsung Pay. What's the issuing bank? I'd call the bank that issued the card and let them know that this is happening.
Is this another one of those East Texas patent troll lawsuits?
He shared more than what the public knows about the threat. Which is what triggered someone to leak this out of concern for national security. It was enough that Russia can likely figure out the source (county and persons). That kind of intel is shared by other countries under the understanding that this intel will not get shared with other countries without their permission and they they not be revealed as the source. This makes it less likely that other countries will want to share sensitive intel with the U.S., especially if they believe that Trump can't keep his mouth shut and handle sensitive information.
Trump?
Yes, I trained it.
I have 2 Gear S2s... a plain Wi-Fi version and a 4G classic version. I really like them both. The battery life is great, the interface is responsive and the display is fantastic. My 4G version is a bit thicker and does burn through more battery than the Wi-Fi version. This is especially true if I'm in a building where the 4G signal is very weak. Beyond that, I have no issues. I like having the abillity to make/recieve calls and send/receive SMS from my watch, even if I don't have my phone with me, or if I'm not within WiFi range. I do wish there were more third party apps, but for my use, I pretty much have everything I need on my watch.
It's NOT installed on my T-Mobile S8+. 
About 20 years ago I worked for a few months using a 10 key like this to do inventory. I ended up with carpal tunnel. Some places were harder to do than others. Most places wanted just SKU/UPC and quantity, but others places wanted each item entered individually. I think Barns & Noble made us key in every ISBN for every book they had in their stores individually. 
I just won 5,000 points after spending 20 points on the current give away. That took me to over 12,000 points and I won another 50 the day after. Just having points to enter the various giveaways is great in my opinion. Sure it's great when they have 4x points and discounted rewards, but they are obviously not going to do that all the time or they will lose a ton of money. I made away like a bandit with a bunch of $50 samsung.com codes the last time they did that.
Most people who I know, who have Android or Apple Pay don't actually use them because they forget that they can use them at places which accept NFC payments. That's the main problem with NFC based payments here in the U.S.... They are not ubiquitous, and won't be for the foreseeable future. This means that most people can't actually get in the habit of using Android or Apple Pay the way they can with Samsung Pay.
As a Samsung Pay user since it was first in beta here in the U.S. It's become habit for me. I rarely have to pull out my wallet and that's a good thing. I get Samsung rewards points AND rewards from my specific credit cards, which is a great incentive. I also just recently won 5,000 rewards points in their new give away. It would be extremely difficult to go back to using Android Pay or Apple Pay at this point.
I've had my S8+ for two weeks, and I haven't had any restarts.
I have a 256GB Samsung microSD card... No problems here.
No.
Report it to Visa, MasterCard or Amex and your issing bank. This is a violation of Sam's  merchant agreement if they are randomly refusing a issuer authorized method of payment. Also, report it to Samsung Pay support. If a merchant consistently violates their merchant agreement, they can lose the privelige of accepting that issuers cards.
I've had my S8 plus for over a week and have not had any such restarts. 
Also no Samsung Pay MST, which uses the same coil as the wireless charging.
My parents always made sure that me and my siblings had our own toys, as well as some toys that we shared. That seemed to work out just fine. 
Bixby voice hasn't been released yet... Hold your judgement until it actually releases.
The only time I use my fingerprint sensor on my S8+ is for my credit union app, because they haven't added iris scanner support yet. In my experience, the iris scanner is every bit as fast and accurate as using the fingerprint sensor.
If you own a Galaxy S8 or S8+, you get 100,000 track upload for free on Google Play Music.
>Also hate that I can't remap the Bixby button. I prefer Google's​ assistant.

To be fair, Bixby voice isn't released yet. Bixby may kick ass compared to Google assistant and Samsung isn't obligated to let people map their dedicated button for Google's benefit. That's kind of like complaining that we can't remap the Samsung Pay screen off swipe up gesture to open Android Pay. Not that I believe that anyone would actually want to do that ;)


I'm not someone that normally spends a ton on headphones, so take that into consideration. But the build quality seems pretty good... on par with my Level U Pros. 
I think they sound pretty good. Much better than the ones Samsung included with previous models.
I did the S7edge>Note7>S7edge rollback. I really liked the Note 7 and I've been looking forward to the S8+. I got my S8 plus Wednesday from T-Mobile. My first impressions are that I love the feel of the phone and the size of the display. The phone feels considerably snappier than the S7edge and I'm really happy to have the iris scanner back. I only use the fingerprint sensor with my credit union app because they have not added support for the iris scanner yet. for everything else, I use the iris scanner, including Samsung Pay. I think the palm rejection is better on the S8+ and the auto brightness seems to be better than the S7 as well. The camera looks good, seems just as good as the S7 if not better. Though i haven't really taken many pictures with it yet. My 4G LTE speed at home seems to be considerably better on the S8+ than the S7 edge. I'll have to test in other locations. Overall, I think it's a solid upgrade from the S7 edge, especially if you liked the Note 7. 
My S8 plus screen is fine, no red tint.
All the reports of this pink issue seem to be with the S8. I haven't heard of the issue on the S8+. I'd call tmobile immediately and report it so they can send you a replacement as soon as possible.
Do a warranty return ASAP. Did you get an S8 or S8+?
DFW area here, pre-ordered Orchid Gray S8+ the first day. My phone is scheduled to be delivered today.
They did that to me the last time that I jumped. Customer service removed the extra charge for me.
It wasn't very controlled, so we don't really know how well it did in comparison. There is some room for human inconsistency. Then, you have to consider developers, who willingly optimize their apps/games more on iOS than they do on android. Also, my original point is that in round two, the S8 could have made up some of that time if the interactivity of the reloaded app on iOS was taken into account. Overall, the iPhone performs well, but this methodology of comparison is questionable.
It's better for Samsung to release a complete product than something that is not ready for release. They didn't release Samsung Pay when they released the S6 like it was rumored, yet Samsung Pay turned out to be much better than the competition.
I have my UPS tracking number but no ETA yet. I'm guessing Monday or Tuesday based upon my previous experience with Samsung/T-Mobile pre-orders.
It's real! congratulations.
iPhone loads a static image of the app quickly, but it's not going to be interactive. That's the problem with these comparisons.
SP has always worked at CVS for me. They block NFC. as long as you don't hold your phone too close to the NFC reader, MST will work.
Android auto has been terrible lately. Half the time it won't respond to "Okay Google" and sometimes I can't even send a text after it asks me if I want to send my text. It also fails to display ETA on a regular basis. 
Typical Google bullshit... Get users comfortable with a popular feature, then inexplicably change or remove said feature.
Samsung usually has a visual difference between the Galaxy S and Note lines, so I'm calling fake. Also, it's too early for there to be a completed Note 8.
This is why I'm hoping Samsung will continue to build an alternative ecosystem to Google's. Google treats everything like a damn beta test with no concern for the impact it has on their users.
Google has legitimately held OEMs like Samsung back. One can only imagine what great performance a fully optimized Samsung flagship would have without all of Android's baggage.
MKBHD and this Unbox Therapy guy have both made money off of flashy, low information videos. I can not take MKBHD seriously as a reviewer.  Most of the time it seems like he just echos the loudest opinions /r/android and other subreddits in his videos... Very circlejerky IMHO. There are MUCH better reviewers out there.
This dbag thinks the default resolution has something to do with the Note 7 problems... Clearly he doesn't need to be reviewing phones.
Every time I get in the routine of using Google services they either remove features or eliminate the service altogether. If I can't share the shopping list like I can in Keep, this will be another instance of Google driving me away from their services. This is also exactly why I won't even consider buying a Google phone... Google treats everything like a beta test, and seem to have little concern for how that affects their customers.
The most affordable way of always having the lastest flagship is to do a lease like Jump on Demand from T-Mobile. I can upgrade up to three times a year at a reasonable cost and I'm not worrying about having to sell my phone. Of course many people would consider this too expensive as well, but I personally think it's a good deal considering that I can always have the latest technology.
If there are any rare glitches in phone models, Erica is usually the one to get them (◔_◔). I don't understand why all the major OEMs don't just send her their phones for quality control testing. Seriously though, in all my years of owning Samsung AMOLEDs, I've never noticed a problem like she demonstrated. It almost looked like she had a blue light filter active, though the Samsung blue light filter will not allow you to make color adjustments in the display settings while active. So, I'd say this is either a hardware issue on that S8 she was testing, or there was color adjustment being made by another non-OEM app.
The NFC radio, MST coil and charging coil are located beneath the camera. That didn't leave much room to put the fingerprint sensor in a symmetrical location. Especially if you consider it was a relatively last minute decision to have the fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone. The Note 8 and S9 will likely have the fp sensor under the display, so it's no big deal for me to temporarily have the fp sensor on the back of the phone, beside the camera lens.
It was a severe thunderstorm with high winds. I think the straight line winds were 65-70 mph in my area, some places in the area had a lot of damage with 95 mph winds. Houses in some areas looked like they had been hit by a tornado after it passed. The reason they sound the sirens for high straight line winds is because it can be as big of a danger to people as a tornado. One guy was in bed and ended up in his front yard. T-Mobile should be alerting people anytime the weather is severe enough that the county/city sounds the sirens.
There have been at least a couple of Amber alerts in my area in the past month or two and I know I haven't received them.
I use the Relay app. These are built into the app.
Looks like a good upgrade. I'm very impressed with the overall brightness, sharpness and faster focusing of the S8.
I keep mine bright (not on auto brightness) and use Android Auto with the navigation screen on for 45 minutes to work and 1 hour to home commute and I do not have any burn-in on my S7 Edge screen.
They should have called it a FLExynos processor (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
I was joking... Erica has been known to complain about burn-in issues with phones that she has been reviewing for only a short time and I was alluding to that. 
You mean an android feature?
I suspect that cardboard users are not that dicerning about their VR experiences.
The real question here... Does Erica already have screen burn-in on her S8? I've been expecting her official  announcement of screen burn-in for hours. 
Yes, there is a secure folder in which you can lock apps, files, photos, contacts, etc. using your iris or fingerprint. Also, you'll need to use iris or fingerprint to use Samsung Pay. So there are multiple layers of security depending upon your needs. If you want to lockdown your entire phone with iris or fingerprint, you can do that, otherwise you can reserve that level of security for your most important information.
This is why using iris or fingerprint is better. Facial recognition is really only for those people who want a marginal, but quick level of security to unlock their device. This is similar to a lock pattern that someone can easily see from across the room and later use to unlock your phone.
T-Mobile sent my Note 4 and S6 edge pre-orders about a week early. If I remember correctly, my Note 5, S7 Edge and Note 7 pre-orders only came 2 - 3 days early.
Well, I with my Note 7 I got a GearVR, (2) 256Gb MicroSD cards, a year of Netflix, and a $75 credit on my bill for the recall of the Note 7. No regrets beyond having to return my awesome Note 7.
Pre-ordered mine this morning. S8+ in Orchid Gray ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
The dock is probably required hardware for the DeX app to run just like with the GearVR, you have to have the GearVR connected to run the Oculus home app.
I don't think maps would be that big of an issue. In Apple's case, they were trying to default their users to a replacement for Google Maps. Google could have thrown a tantrum and pulled maps from iOS as a result, but Google doesn't like missing out on user data. Google will release apps on other platforms if they feel they can gain significant users. Also, just like any other company, Google are open to deals and negotiations for the right price (including patent licensing) and that may be one of the areas that Samsung has some major leverage with Google.
Yeah, I hate S-Voice on my Gear S2 classic. The dictation is very hit and miss, though, to be fair, I have also been having trouble with Google assistant since it was activated on my S7 edge (Sometimes "Okay Google" works and sometimes it doesn't... Same in AndroidAuto, which is very frustrating. I've also noticed some inconsistency will selecting audio tracks, where it will play the wrong track in spite if me using the same voice command that I always use {SongName+Artist}. Also, when I send a text in Android Auto, it will ask me if I want to send it, but sometimes it will fail to recognize my command to send it so my text will not go through.  I'm hoping Bixby has a promising future and that it will come to the Gear S2/S3 to fill in the void that not having Google Assistant has created and help provide some competition to the market.
This is great for people who rarely need to use a desktop. 
Google isn't going to fix long running issues in Android until Samsung starts moving more  and more of their phones to Tizen. Optimized Tizen on a Samsung Galaxy flagship would crush everything out there in terms of performance and battery life. Just look at the Gear S2/S3 with Tizen vs. Android Wear devices... There is no comparison. I know people immediately argue that without android apps, it would be difficult to compete. I agree, this is an issue, but I think there are ways that Samsung could work around this and actually creat a better experience for the user. The current chaotic state (IMHO) of the Google Play Store is actually a good opportunity for Samsung to offer a cleaner, more streamlined app store experience for Galaxy customers than Google can offer. 
Because the wireless charging coil, MST coil, and NFC radio is beneath the camera. 
Jump again to the S8. 
Just trying to decide to decide on the color of my S8+ before I pre-order tonight.
Having trouble discerning if that orchid gray it too purple or not. I like the idea of a darker gray phone, but I don't want a purple/lavender phone.
I always pre-order from T-Mobile and I usually get my phones a few days before they are available in stores.
Apple will probably get a last generation AMOLED. Samsung will reserve the latest generation AMOLEDs for Samsung devices.
With Samsung's new Bixby AI assistant being released soon, the issues you have with S-Voice may become completely irrelevant. Also, Samsung Pay on Gear S3 is fantastic. I agree that the watch is too big, though. Hopefully they'll release one closer to the S2 in size for their next release. Tizen is a step ahead of android wear in both function and aesthetics, in my opinion.
Can I activate this on my wearable (Gear S2) line?
What remains more of a mystery is Bixby. I think Samsung is saving that reveal for the launch. All the hardware stuff is easier to leak.
Depends if At&t orders it.
No, but having owned an S6 edge, an S7 edge and a Note 7, it was not ever something that was a problem for me. Also, keep in mind that the S8 has smaller edges like the Note 7 vs. the larger ones on the S6/S7 edge.
It looks very close to the Note 7. You can see on this video when they show the S7 Edge and a dummy S8 side by side, from the edge, that the curve has a smaller radius. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oNPrWtz-MQ
The curved edges on the S8 are smaller than on the S7 Edge.
The radius of the curve is smaller on the S8 than on the S7 (curves are smaller) so that makes a bit if a visual difference. The curves should be closer to the Note 7, but probably not the same. It does seem like they maybe opted to have the side bezel extend slightly further out than it previously did, which may be to increase screen protection on the sides. 
It's the opposite for me. Stock Android is missing so many features that Samsung offers. I can't even consider using stock.
The curve on the S8 is much lower in radius than the one on the S7 Edge. I think most people who don't like curved screens will find it unobtrusive.
I don't think that's possible. There is no Android equivalent API as far as I know and the iris scanner relies on KNOX, so developers will likely have to implement Samsung Pass if they want their applications to make use of the iris scanner. When other Android devices start adding iris scanners Android will probably add iris scanning features like they did with the fingerprint sensor.
I really liked the Note 7's edges, so I think the S8 is going to be just right, until the Note 8 is out, of course ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
I'm on T-Mobile Jump on Demand so it's no big deal for me to get the S8+ when it releases, and in the fall I'll get the Note 8.
Keep in mind that these dummy models are plastic parts which snap together. So the fit and dimensions on these are probably a bit off. What strikes me most is that the radius of the curve on the S8 is considerably less than the one on the S7. Perhaps that will ease the minds of the flat screen fans who are upset that there will not be a flat screen version of the S8.
Iris+face recognition are going to be the main method of authentication on this device. This is an improvement over Note 7's iris scanning alone. As a previous Note 7 user, I rarely used the fingerprint scanner, so any improvement on this is going to make the fingerprint sensor even less of a necessity. There is also a possibily that the S8 will include proximity triggered palm scanning for devices laying flat on a table. 
I got a $75 credit on my account for the Note 7 recall. It was applied on 2/20/17
You do realize that Samsung acquires companies and integrates their technology into their own products right? That's exactly what this article is saying will happen with Bixby. When Samsung acquired LoopPay they didn't just loosely integrate the technology into Samsung Pay. They improved it dramatically and added the security and backend systems that LoopPay lacked. They also fully redesigned the UI and established many partnerships to bring it to fruition.
The difference is bigger in markets like the U.S. where NFC is not ubiquitous. This is due to Samsung using MST technology in addition to NFC. MST allows Samsung Pay to be accepted nearly everywhere with a functioning credit card terminal. Samsung Pay MST incorporates tokenization and NFC like cryptograms for security even on plain old credit card terminals. The effect is that Samsung Pay is accepted nearly everywhere without sacrificing security for users. Additionally, Samsung Pay has a rewards points program which earns you points for every purchase with tiers that allow more points awarded for frequent users. This is in addition to any rewards you earn on your credit cards. 
Most city police here don't care, but if you are a Texas resident, you risk getting ticketed every time you drive on an interstate. I ended up getting a bracket that I could attach to my lower grill so I didn't have to drill holes in my bumper.
In Texas, the State troopers will pull you over and give you a citation for not having a front plate. 
Is this another one of Google's server side activated features, or is it an update to the app? I'm sick of Google announcing features that take forever to roll out to the majority of Android users.
I think that was posted as speculation a while back claiming that Bixby would be entirely based on S-voice instead of ViV. Samsung's latest press release seems to debunk that. I think it's safe to say that Samsung is going to get the most out of their $215 million investment. Obviously, Samsung is not going to just release ViV and call it Bixby. They are going to tailor it to Samsung's devices and apps. This means it's going to take time to integrate all of its capabilities.
You are kidding, right? Bixby is slated to be more advanced than Siri, Google and Alexa. If you watch videos on Viv, which is what Bixby is based on, you can see that it is more advanced than the competition. Why should anyone limit themselves to an inferior technology if they have a better one available to them? That's like insisting on using Android Pay when you have Samsung Pay available to you, Samsung Pay is clearly better, not to mention as far as privacy goes, Samsung user agreements offer MUCH more privacy than Google agreements do. Ever since Google added Google Assistant to my S7 edge the always on "Okay Google" has been hit and miss and in Android auto it has become virtually useless. Unfortunately, I've come to expect these kinds of problems with Google updates.
I know Android fans wouldn't like this, but if Samsung ran optimized Tizen on their flagships and Exynos processors, their flagships would kill everything out there. 
"okay Google" only works half the time since Google activated Google Assistant on my S7 and it useless most of the time in Android Auto. Rebooting helps for a short while, then it stops working a short time later. Unfortunately, I've come to expect these kind of problems from Google updates.
Yeah, I love my Level U Pros. Should be a nice upgrade.
I'm looking forword to Bixby, Google assistant on my S7 Edge has been underwhelming.
It's probably a plastic dummy model for case makers.
It's supposed to be more advanced than the other AI assistants and given how Samsung has improved a lot on software like Samsung Pay and Samsung Internet, I won't be surprised if it is quite a bit better than the competition. Ever since Google assistant was enabled on my S7 Edge, it's been having issues like half the time it doesn't respond to "okay Google". I'm not really impressed with Google assistant, so I'm looking forward to the competition. Not to mention that Samsung's user agreements always offer more privacy than Google's do. 
If you want to see what lies ahead for android, you should probably look at the latest OEM builds. OEMs add features long before Google adds them. 
As soon as it's available for pre-order.
It's Samsung's next gen AI assistant based on Viv, which Samsung acquired.  Here's a demo of Viv https://youtu.be/Rblb3sptgpQ
It's supposedly a dedicated button for Bixby, Samsung's new AI assistant. 
Take my money and give it to me right now, please! I'll take the DEX dock too :D
I doubt highly KNOX is your issue. I'd explore further to see if there is not another issue like a battery problem. Keep in mind that if you do disable KNOX, you'll lose Samsung Pay and negatively affect the resale value of your phone.
No it can't be fooled with a photo, and it can supposedly tell between a live and a dead eye due to the pupil dilating so much in a dead eye.
Not really a fashion statement... I just like having the latest technology and Jump on Demand lets me have that is a reasonably affordable manner without having to go through the trouble of selling my used phones.
720p most likely.
It has basic mode which is very accurate compared to the default adaptive display mode.
That's apples and oranges. Androids face unlock will unlock your phone, but it's not very secure. Samsung's facial and iris recognition is secure enough that banks will allow transactions to be performed using it as authentication.
I hope T-mobile offers this tablet. I'm looking to upgrade from my Tab S2. 
It's called Jump on Demand, but I'm not sure if T-Mobile are still signing up new customers. They might be, but maybe they just aren't advertising it. Anyway, it's just a revolving 24 month lease. You can switch phones up to three times a year. Each time you switch, your lease starts over. If you don't jump to another phone during the lease period, you can finish paying off the phone just like a regular lease and that will end your Jump on Demand plan. The monthly cost depends on the price of the phone. My S7 edge payment is $32.50 a month. One of the best parts of this plan is that you can pre-order phones and get all the perks that come with it, like a free year of Netflix and other freebies that Samsung throws in for people who pre-order.  

Yeah, at this rate I'll never pay for Netflix :)
I have T-Mobile jump on demand, so I'll get the S8+ when it releases, then upgrade to the Note 8 in the fall. That's what I've been doing since the Note 4. Note 4> S6 edge> Note 5> S7 edge> Note 7> S7 edge due to recall :( 

It will be a combination of facial and iris scanning. meaning the facial recognition will probably have a wider angle than the iris scanning alone. If the facial scan is not successful, then an iris scan will be necessary.
There was a pretty limited angle at which the iris scanner would work on the Note 7, though I really liked it and rarely used the fingerprint sensor on my Note 7. With the addition of facial recognition in addition to iris scanning on the S8, it's likely that facial recognition will work at a wider angle than we previously saw with iris scanning alone on the Note 7. I'm hopeful that Samsung will also include palm scanning so that when the device detects it is laying flat on a table, it will use the proximity sensor to trigger palm recognition so that the phone can be unlocked without picking it up. 
I doubt most S8 users will care since facial/iris recognition is said to be very fast on the S8.
Samsung has a history of iterating their products quickly until they become the market leader. They have done this very well with hardware, and with Samsung's new focus on software, their competitors should be worried. Just look at Samsung Pay and Samsung Internet, both put competitors to shame and are both part of Samsung's recent push to focus on software.
My friend had one of those... everything triggered that phone.
If Samsung would switch to using their more hardware optimized Tizen OS on their flagship devices, Samsung users would probably have a much better user experience and upgrade process. Losing Samsung users might even light a fire under Google's collective ass and encourage them to fix some long running Android issues. 
Yeah, that new controller looks pretty nice. A DEX dock would be nice too. T-Mobile and Samsung also usually give a year worth of Netflix too.  
The S8 and S8+ will go up for pre-order soon after the announcement with the usual great promos that Samsung does with the U.S. carriers, so those who usually pre-order will be all hyped up about it. People definitely do have short attention spans these days and companies need to take that into account when announcing and releasing products. Google is probably the worst offender, but then I don't mind waiting for Samsung to make their many improvements on stock android. 

Let us know what they determine the problem to be.
Why is there a camera filming the camera man? It seems like there was already a camera in position to film closeups of the birds. 
It sends electromagnetic pulses to emulate a card swipe. But it's not just sending your plain card data like a regular swipe. Instead, it uses tokenization and cryptograms to secure and authenticate the transaction with the payment processor and bank.
Yes, you can use Android Pay on any phone that supports Samsung Pay. However there is little to no reason to choose Android Pay over Samsung Pay if your bank supports both. Samsung Pay is more secure due to the KNOX chipset level security and Samsung Pay is more widely accepted in countries that don't have widespread NFC acceptance like the U.S. due to Samsung's MST technology. Also, you get reward points for using Samsung Pay and the Samsung TOS offers more privacy than Google's does.
I get roadside assistance through my insurance. I had to use it a couple of weeks ago due to hitting a poorly placed traffic bump/dot (don't know what they are called) that popped my front tire, put a bulge in my back tire, and bent my front driver side control arm. Even having a spare wouldn't have helped due to me having two damaged tires. I'm not convinced that the thicker sidewalls in the runflats would have made too much of a difference for me either since my tires are pretty low in profile and hitting a ceramic bump even at low speed can cause damage on a tire that doesn't have much sidewall. Also, the repair shop was far enough away that I wouldn't have driven that far on damaged runflats anyway. I think the main benefit of runflats is that they will likely give you a measure more of control in the event of a blowout at high speeds. 
In the U.S. Samsung Pay is the most accepted mobile wallet. It's far ahead of both Apple and Android Pay in acceptance since you can use it practically everywhere you can swipe a card as well as anywhere you can tap to pay. Android Pay probably has more supporting banks in total, but Samsung Pay has most of the major banks and a lot of credit unions and community banks supporting it as well. Also, Samsung Pay MST is designed to work with EMV enabled terminals (chip readers), it uses EMV like security with cryptogram and tokenization when you "swipe", so it has that extra security even if the merchant doesnt have EMV or NFC.
Roadside assistance is what I rely on. You could always pack a spare in the cargo area if you want. 
Runflats have a rough ride compared to non-runflats.
No, that's not true. Your bank must support Samsung Pay for it to work.
That's not true. The bank must support Samsung Pay.
Samsung is rolling out Samsung Pay faster than their competitors in many markets, so I don't think they are passing up any opportunity. The fact is that Samsung can not roll out Samsung Pay to hardware that doesn't support its main security features.
It is a premium feature in markets like the U.S. where NFC payments are not widely accepted. MST on Samsung Pay sets it very far ahead of the competition in acceptance in those markets.
Of course they are going to release premium features to their flagships first. They clearly have been adding Knox/MST/NFC into their non-premium phones so they can begin rolling out full featured Samsung Pay to most of their new devices. The issue with non-Samsung devices is that Samsung Pay relies upon Samsung Knox for security. This limits it to devices with Samsung Knox implemented at the chipset level. 
The Gear S3 operates independently of Samsung Pay on the phone, so yes, it would continue to work.
It's probably as combination of iris and facial recognition. The user will probably have the option of choosing either or both. I really liked the iris scanning on the Note 7, but I think this is a good addition for those who thought it was too slow in comparison to the finger print sensor (I did not). Another option that would be great would be palm recognition for those who complain about not being able to unlock their phone without picking it up off the table. The proximity sensor could be active when the phone detects it's laying flat on the table and could recognize your palm when held above the screen to unlock the phone. 
Samsung Pay on international version will not work in the US. It's restricted to the regions it's available in.
This is hands down the best browser on Android.
No problem! The OEM LCI halogens each have 2 H7 halogen bulbs for the high and low beams and a smaller (unknown size) halogen bulb and reflector for the angel eyes. This means the angel eyes are very warm in color and too yellowish for my taste. So I removed the bulb and reflector, which is very simple to do and purchased some 5000K LED markers to put in their place. The result is brighter and whiter angel eyes, I also changed the stock H7 bulbs for whiter bulbs as well. The FRM is also known as the footwell module because it's located in the driver side footwell. It controls the lighting and some other features. My FRM is version is version 1, so I can't enable the angel eyes as drls. You can change out the FRM from another similar model, but it has to be coded to your car. I haven't tried that, so I'm not too familiar with it. The other option for angel eyes as drls is installing a Daeos harness, which allows the use of the AEs as drls.
I installed OEM LCI halogens with angel eyes on my pre-LCI e90. It was a direct swap, no coding needed or wiring changes needed. The only mod I made was to install led markers to power the angel eyes instead of the OEM halogen bulbs. If you have FRM2 or above you can code the angel eyes to run as daytime running lights.
Most of my devices are Samsung, so that's not a problem for me. Google also has a tendency to randomly break/remove features that they activate via play services, so I'm always wary of what their updates will do... I bought a brand new Note 4 when it was released and it supported always on Google Now out of the box, but not a month later Google pushed an update that broke that feature and never fixed it as long as I owned that phone. 
At this rate I'll have a new Galaxy S8 and be able to use Samsung's new AI assistant before Google's assistant is available to use on my S7 edge. Google really needs to quit publically announcing features  that are only available to a very small percentage of users. This makes their releases anticlimactic. I tend to completely lose interest when I have to wait ages for a feature to gradually roll out to my device.
S-Health is actually pretty good, and Samsung Pay puts Android Pay and Apple Pay to shame. This isn't 2010... Samsung has recently placed a new focus on software. Google should be worried about Samsung's new AI assistant and other offerings.
Looks like a knock off
I don't think Google has a choice. Samsung's new AI assistant is around the corner and that could put a serious dent in the number of Android users using Google for their AI assistant. I think Google is hoping people will get used to their assistant before Samsung's is released.
Rumors are that Samsung decided the technology is not quite ready to be broadly implemented. I'd rather Samsung wait and perfect the technology instead of forcing it at at time when it's not functioning at the level consumers expect it would be. Those who are eager for this will likely have to wait for the Note 8 or S9.
I'm honestly more excited to see what Samsung has up their sleeve with their new AI assistant. 
Can you post a photo of this issue?
This is why it's hard to get excited about new Google services. They tend to either let them stagnate, or yank the plug at random.
They'd rather be consistent in their button placement for their customers than to swap them up just because Google decided to do so. As as long time Samsung Galaxy user, I love the consistency of their button placement.
Yes it is. I have it set to come on automatically on my S7 edge.
...and thanks to this, people using Samsung phones and devices have had a consistent experience for years. 
The problem is you may loose features and control of a lot of features if you change out your stock head unit. I looked into changing out the head unit on my BMW and it wasn't worth the trouble in my opinion.
The iris scanner is going to largely replace the fingerprint sensor for most people. I rarely used the fingerprint sensor on my Note 7.
It has an iris scanner like the Note 7. The finger print sensor is secondary and in my experience with the Note 7, you end up using the fingerprint sensor a lot less. I rarely used the fingerprint sensor on my Note 7. 
Every time I see these cases I see VAG instead of UAG. 
Non-beta user here and I just got the update.
I'm getting the update on my S7 edge this morning and I'm a non-beta user.
Mine was fast too. I rarely used the fingerprint scanner.
If you are looking at your phone it's not really a problem. If you are trying to use the phone while it lays flat on the table, that might be an issue, but I don't think that's a normal use case. The Note 7 iris scanner worked pretty good for me and perhaps Samsung has made improvements for the S8. I was a bit skeptical about the iris scanner before using it but, in my opinion, it's more convient than the fingerprint sensor. 
I ordered this over the phone because I wasn't able to order it online for some reason. Though, the SIM starter kit was still compulsory online as well.
I'd say it's definitely worth it. I have a Gear S2 wifi/bluetooth version and really like it and I paid considerably more for it than this 4G version. This is a steal.
Yes, the battery life is awesome compared to Apple and Android Wear watches, and the UI is very polished and responsive in comparison as well.
Well, if they are going to charge for a SIM kit, they better send one.
Well, the SIM in the box is from T-Mobile. If you bought the phone directly from Samsung, it wouldn't include the SIM. The SIM in the watch is built into the watch by Samsung, so there is a bit of a difference. You could argue that Samsung built the SIM into the watch on behalf of T-Mobile, but wouldn't that then make it part of the price of the watch?
Yeah, if I hadn't received such a good price on the watch I'd probably be more annoyed, but really T-Mobile needs to be more upfront about the nature of the fees that they are charging.

Well, I have two or three unused SIM starter kits, so they should allow customers to utilize those instead of charging them for something they don't really need. Then they can switch service to the actual SIM on the device.
New device activation.
If it's an activation fee, they should call it that. Any other time you pay for a SIM starter kit you actually get a physical SIM starter kit. I probably will call and inquire about it. I was just wondering what other people here on /r/tmobile thought about this charge.

In that case MST doesn't really benefit you, unless there is a backup magstripe reader on the terminals that you use. We can't eliminate magstripe here in the U.S. because nearly none of our cards have NFC (the public didn't trust it) and only some of out cards have chips, so magstripe readers are compulsory in the U.S. 
The iris scanner on the Note 7 was pretty good. I rarely used the fingerprint sensor.
It has a iris scanner. As a result, most people will be using the fingerprint sensor a lot less. I rarely used the fingerprint sensor on my Note 7.
If Apple Pay works, SamsungPay  will work via NFC. But Samsung Pay MST will also work anywhere you can swipe your card, via a card swipe emulation which includes NFC like tokenization/encryption. This confuses some cashiers who know they don't accept Apple or Android Pay. Pretty much 98% of places accept Samsung Pay, the ones that can't have a poorly designed or outdated POS that throws an error with the extra track data Samsung Pay transmits and/or haven't updated the firmware on their card terminals.
I already have a wifi Gear S2 sport, but I couldn't pass up this great deal. I should get mine today or tomorrow. Anyone know of any good quality, black elastomer 20mm bands? I don't like the plain silicone bands because they get too dusty and don't feel very sturdy. 
Lowe's has a POS issue that throws an error when it sees the extra track data that SP passes. Until they update their POS, they will continue to have trouble. I have been able to use Samsung Pay at Lowe's, but it required me to first get the error, then swipe again and it worked. This workaround only worked at certain terminals. Other terminals just freeze up, which means their terminals are probably not all running the same firmware. Seems like the company Lowe's contracts to operate their POS is not very good at what they do.
I just used SP at CVS yesterday. It works just fine. Some SP users experience errors due to certain POS systems throwing up an error when they see the extra track data that SP sends. That's a design error or a bug on the merchant's POS. There is no way for a merchant to reject MST transactions unless the switch to gas pump style readers that require a physical card insertion and even those have a workaround. 
As long as you are using the oem charger/cable, and aren't bending or smashing the phone and/or charging it in a place where it can't disperse heat (like in your bed), then you'll be fine.
ChromeUnboxed gave the Pro a much better review. https://chromeunboxed.com/samsung-chromebook-pro-review/ I don't discount some of the "beta" issues that The Verge pointed out, but they also tend to exaggerate issues on anything that isn't Apple.
Other than the obvious advantage of being able to carry around larger screens with this technology, what excites me most about this is the research and development of new technology and materials that result from producing these devices.
I think the Gear S2 is perfect in size and my wrists are not huge. The watch face is not much larger than ordinary watches, if any. If you get the 3G version it is a bit thicker (I have the thinner bluetooth/wifi version)and for a woman it might be considered large since they are used to wearing smaller watches, but it's a much better look and form factor than the Apple watch in my opinion.
It is large, which is why I have stuck with my Gear S2. The Gear S2 has all the benefits of the Gear S3 except for MST for Samsung Pay, so if size is an issue for you the Gear S2 is a really good option.
The S3 is arguably he best smart watch on the market right now. Not only does is look great, it has great performance and battery life. Apple and Android Wear can't touch its battery life or its mobile payment ability with Samsung Pay and MST. If Samsung adds their new Bixby AI assistant to the S3 (and they likely will) The S3 will be difficult to match.
The S3 added MST for Samsung Pay which is a really fantastic feature that makes it superior to any other smartwatch for mobile payments (in the US). My only issue with the S3 is the size... I really like the size of the S2 so I'm torn as to whether or not to upgrade to the S3. 
Are you sure this isn't moisture in the display? It kind of looks like it could be.
Samsung had a lot of Samsung Pay promotions when Samsung Pay launched. The pace has slowed a bit with big promotions, but if you pay attention to the promotions you can get in on some great promotions. The last really good one was at the end of December and ran into the first couple of weeks of January (If I remember correctly). They were giving $50 Samsung.com credits for 1500 reward points on Samsung Pay (these $50 credits normally cost 10000 points!)They were also giving like 8x the points during that time so if you were a platinum level user you were really racking up points and a lot of Samsung Pay users, including myself, we're able to get hundreds of dollars in Samsung.com credits.
They are just probably trying to clear inventory. They'll give away something with the S8 as well. Samsung are known for their awesome promotions for new flagship purchases/pre-orders and for Samsung Pay promotions. I've received so much free stuff from Samsung, it's hard to keep track of it... Two wireless chargers, two Gear VRs, two 128GB microSD cards, three years of free Netflix, a 32" HDTV and an endless list of gift cards from various places and credits on the Samsung.com store probably easily totalling $1000... All for buying new phones and using Samsung Pay.
I'm still getting the $30 unlimited discount as of my Feb 15th bill. I was told the promotion was grandfathered in at some point so we should keep getting the discount unless we change our plans, but it seems like I got a different answer on the matter everytime that I inquired about it. I think it was originally set to expire in March, so I guess we'll find out soon.
I can go about three days on one charge on my Gear S2. 
Yes, the Note 7's iris scanner worked great in the dark. 
Because that was going to be one of the biggest, most hyped new features on the iPhone 8 and Samsung can resist pissing off Apple.
That button is widely rumored to be for Samsung's new AI assistant. 
How so? You don't have to hold your finger on the sensor after the transaction mode initiates, and you also have the option of using the iris scanner (which Samsung Pay now supports).
I'm hoping they have some capacitive buttons hidden away on that tiny bottom bezel.
I don't. I traded it in for an S7 edge when it was recalled. It was an awesome phone...I still miss it. Hopefully the S8 will be a good replacement until the Note 8 is released.
If you use the iris scanner, your use of the fingerprint sensor will dramatically decrease. I rarely used the fingerprint sensor on my Note 7 except for Samsung Pay (which did not support the iris scanner at the time).
It looks like it's just a silver titanium model. If you don't like that kind of bling, get a black onyx model.
That's pretty much how Galaxy phones have looked on the bottom since the S6. 
If the fingerprint sensor was the main/only method of secure authentication, then your argument might carry some more weight, but you are forgetting that this phone has a iris scanner. On my Note 7, I rarely used the fingerprint sensor after setting up the iris scanner, and I expect that to be the case with most S8 users. 
As a former Note 7 owner, I assure you that use of the fingerprint sensor will dramatically drop with the use of the iris scanner. It's location on the back shouldn't be a problem for most people. On the Note 7, the only time I used the fingerprint sensor was for using Samsung Pay because it did not support iris authentication at the time. 
Iris scanner + infinity display + new AI assistant (Bixby) + Snapdragon 835 + Android 7... Can't wait to pre-order this beast!
How so? iPhones have massive bezels, this does not. Also iPhones don't have curved screens.
As a previous owner of a Note 7, I can tell you that the iris scanner eliminates much of the need for the fingerprint scanner. In my opinion, It would be better if it was embedded in the display, but apparently that technology isn't quite ready for widespread use yet. I honestly don't think putting it on the back is going to be a problem for most S8 users if they get used to using the iris scanner as well. 
It's not misuse of the word... If they don't announce the release date soon, then I'll likely purchase another device instead. So, if Samsung wants my money, they really do NEED to announce a release date for the Chromebook Pro ASAP.
I know a couple of people who own android wear watches (Huawei and Moto) and the biggest complaints I've heard from them is 1) battery life is pretty terrible and 2) They both have had problems with the watch freezing/crashing periodically. Obviously, there is not as many apps on Gear S2/S3 as there is in AW, but my battery life is great on my S2, I've never had it freeze or crash, and it does everything that I need it to do. 
They need to announce a release date for the Chromebook Pro.
I have a feeling that Samsung is still going to use capacitive buttons on the tiny bottom bezel, just like they always do. Of course there are a bunch of naysayers claiming that they will use onscreen buttons, but we have no proof of that. In my opinion, Samsung is not going to clutter their new "infinity display" with software buttons when they have chosen to never use software buttons prior to this. 
In my experience with the Note 7, use of the iris scanner eliminated most of my need for the fingerprint scanner. The only thing I really used the fingerprint  scanner for was to authorize payments on Samsung Pay. This was due to the iris scanner not being an option yet for authorizing transactions on Samsung Pay.
Samsung's AI assistant will likely be more capable and IoT connected than Google's. Just like Samsung Pay is more capable/polished than Android Pay. We also have Tizen on the Gear S2/S3 that runs circles around the Android wear experience and the Samsung DeX Desktop Experience that's arriving on the S8, which will likely add features not available on Chrome OS. I think Samsung has really started to turn the page on their Software development and have become quite competitive. Google,on the other hand, has a lot of issues of their own, including poor support, introducing long standing bugs which disable/remove features for many users and their high frequency of abandoning projects.
It looked like the back was made of very rounded plastic and the metal bezel looked odd. They might have actually been early prototype photos. In any case, the phone in the photos looked nothing like the actual S7/S7 edge.
Yeah just like the fake/old prototype S7 pictures that surfaced last year, the S8 will have USB-C, the fingerprint sensor will likely look different and the build will be much more polished.
With my Note 7 I used the iris scanner to unlock about 90% of the time.
I think they will keep their traditional capacitive buttons, just in a smaller space at the bottom bezel. The center "Home" button will just become a capacitive button as well. The reason I belive this will be the case is that Samsung is trying to maximize their display size and the addition of onscreen buttons would work against that and make the display look smaller. 
I'd hold out for the S8. Also, Samsung usually has some great promos for pre-orders on new flagships. You might kick yourself for missing out on a good pre-order deal if you go with the S7 edge right now.
Older iPhones usually become unbearable to use after a couple of update cycles. 
Probably not for note taking and browsing. If you plan gaming or using more more cpu/gpu intensive apps, you'll likely notice a difference.
I've decided to wait for the more powerful processor. I just wish they would announce a release date for the Pro.
It's arguably the best browser on Android.
I've been having this problem for a long time too.
This only happens in the Samsung Internet browser. 
S8, then the Note 8
If you disabled any packages that Samsung Pay depends on, that's your problem. You can try re-enabling them, but a factory reset will be necessary if re-enabling the packages doesn't work. FYI package disabler is known to cause this problem with Samsung Pay if you allow it to automatically disable packages it believes to be "bloat".
The Note 7 palm rejection eliminated the issues people claim to have with the curved screen. On my S7 edge, a simple Luvvitt case eliminates most of the issues. 
All we can see is the back is the case.  
When is the Pro supposed to go up for pre-order?
Samsung recently aquired Viv Labs, a company formed by the creators of Siri. Viv has been billed as a more extensible and powerful version of Siri and is rumored to debut on the S8. So Samsung is hardly starting from scratch. Samsung also owns Smart Things, which means their new assistant will work with tons of smart home devices. With Samsung's new focus on software, expect that their new AI assistant will will be more advanced than most people assume it will be.
No, I was talking about the rear facing camera. The front facing camera does FHD 1080p
Galaxy Tab S2 records at 1080p30(with electronic image stabilization), and also at 1440p30 (without stabilization). It's likely the best video recording you'll get on a current tablet.
This is no surprise. Google has been letting competitors edge ahead of them a lot lately. Even when Google have a massive head start on said technology. Look at what Google did with Google Wallet... They let both Apple and Samsung come up from ZERO market share to overtaking them in market share and producing better competing services.  

Just wait until Samsung's new voice assistant is released, it going to be another huge blow to Google.  When is Google going to learn that other companies aren't going to wait around while Google takes their sweet time to get their ducks in a row?
Those cost considerably more and a don't have the S-Pen or QHD displays.
Not with that build quality.
The photo is probably a S8 and the render is probably a Note 8. 
Are you sure she hasn't logged in on your account at some point? 
Yeah, and they'll continue to "work on it", and work on it with little to no benefit to consumers until they unceremoniously drop it, like they seem to do with so many of their other projects.
If it's like Texas, you have to prove the DOT knew about it and failed to fix it, and even then you probably won't ever get compensated. Might as well just pay to fix the damages out of pocket if you can, otherwise your insurance rates will go up if you claim it on your insurance.
There's never any BMW brotherly love :(
That happened to me at Seven Eleven when Samsung Pay was in beta. I put in a tank of gas and it never showed up on my bank statement. 
Sounds like a faulty unit. I'd return it for a replacement.
The problem is that a lot of gas pumps will do two authorizations and that will cause Samsung Pay to fail because Samsung and your bank will flag the double authorization as fraudulent activity.
Remove it and re-add it. If this doesn't work, contact your bank. Samsung Pay should never trigger a prompt for a card insertion.
That's not an option for the merchant. The processor is the one that requests a chip insertion if the proper hardware is present and active. A Samsung Pay MST swipe is exempt from a physical insertion because authentication is done differently, similar to NFC authentication. Though, that doesn't mean that the merchant's POS software will be designed well enough to handle the extra track data. That's usually where the problem lies.
I've used Samsung Pay MST at Home Depot several times without a problem. I think the issue there is that the have purposely blocked NFC payments and unless you hold the phone in just the right spot, NFC will on the terminal will initiate first and the transaction will fail.
It's not the hardware, it's their POS software. It's poorly designed. What's likely happening is that it can't handle the extra prefix and encrypted data that Samsung Pay passes. Instead of just passing on the data like most modern POS, or giving an error, it's freezing up. I have this same problem at Lowe's in the lumber or garden department. Though it does seem work at the front registers, but I always have to "swipe" twice. Lowe's is really the only place that I experience this problem with Samsung Pay.
Multiple times a day. 95% of my transactions are done via SamsungPay.
I haven't recently used my Chase  card on Samsung Pay, but a decline seem like an issue with your bank. Call Chase and let them know this is happening. Do you have another card that works with Samsung Pay that you could use test to rule out an app issue?
"Okay Google" isn't working in Android auto on Mt T-Mobile S7 Edge.
Do any of your other cards work with Samsung Pay? If it's just this card that's not working, I'd call Capital One. If no cards work, you could reset Samsung Pay and see if that helps. Also make sure you haven't disabled any packages that Samsung Pay requires to work.
The overlay looked nice. Though, to me it seems like the new UI is smoother than the old transparent overlay was. 
LOL.. Yes, I meant to say that they added new membership cards as well as membership coupons. Instead I put membership coupons twice (>.<)
Yeah, sounds like an issue with your bank. The digital number SP passes shouldn't ever trigger the terminal to ask for a chip insertion. Most of the cards I have on Samsung Pay have chips and I've never had a problem using them.
With their current focus being on software, don't be surprised if Samsung pulls a rabbit out of their hat with their new AI assistant, much like they did with Samsung Pay. 
You need to remove and re-add your card to Samsung Pay. Even if the card number is the same, your bank still needs to reauthorize it on the back end if they provided you a new card with a chip.
If I use this app on the mi box, will I be able to watch live channels?
How does this compare to Vue on the Fire stick?
It's not illegal... it's voluntary. The merchant just has to accept liability for any fraudulent charges made at their establishment with chipped cards if they are not processed with an EMV terminal. Beyond that, there is no legal requirement for a merchant to upgrade to an EMV terminal and there is ZERO requirement for a merchant to pay for and activate NFC in the U.S. Their are still many merchants in the U.S. using swipe only terminals or terminal which don't have their chip readers or NFC active. Even if you have the updated hardware, it costs a lot to activate these features, so it's no surprise that many merchants have not placed much priority on it.
My Note 7 was awesome. It was just that damn battery overheating issue... such a shame it was such a beautiful phone ;( Thankfully the S7 edge will more than suffice for me until the S8 is out. The Samsung Chromebook Pro definitely has me very interested in a getting a chromebook.
I've "swiped" my phone at Home Depot for a refund and it worked just fine.
Samsung Pay is honestly a killer feature (especially in the U.S.) People who use Android a pay or Apple Pay here don't really understand what it means to use a mobile wallet because they can't really get in the habit of using it everywhere like you can with Samsung Pay.  Probably about 95% of my transactions are done with Samsung Pay... I've literally spent tens of thousands of dollars with it and the speed and convenience of using it over pulling out a card and sticking it in a EMV slot is one of the biggest advantages. Also, you don't have to hope for an NFC reader like you do with Android Pay and Apple Pay. 
Yeah, I'll probably sell my Gear S2 and get Gear S3. MST on a watch is going to be a killer feature here in the U.S.
BoA debit cards do not show transaction history. I used to have a BoA debit card and it took me the longest time to figure it out because BoA employees apparently don't know this. A Samsung Pay support agent finally told me that BoA doesn't support transaction history on their debit cards.
I'll be purchasing the S8 and the next Note (if they still produce that line). I really liked my Note 7 and was sad to see it recalled. In spite of the defect that caused the recall, I'm sticking with Samsung phones unless some other company can step up and produce phones with the same quality and features. Right now, SamsungPay is a major plus for me and no other manufacture has offered anything comparable. I think Samsung is going to put even more effort into their future devices to win back any customers they might lose over the Note 7 recall, so I'm looking forward to what the S8 and future Galaxy devices have to offer.
I've noticed this problem too and thought it was just me. We need to report this back to Samsung Pay support.
Chip terminals operate only on contact. The chip on your card comes in contact with pins inside the EMV terminal. So no, Samsung Pay will not work with terminals that only have EMV slots. Merchants in the UK will have to update their terminals to have NFC readers if they want to allow their customers to use mobile payments.
Well, all of our EMV readers in the U.S. also have Magstripe readers and some also have NFC. In the U.S., NFC is not required but EMV is being pushed with a liability shift to the merchant on fraudulent purchases made with a swipe on non-EMV terminals. MST transactions are treated the same as NFC/EMV as far as liability goes, so the merchant is no liable for MST transactions whether the terminal is EMV enabled or not. As to whether Samsung Pay MST/NFC will work in the UK, that depends on whether your EMV terminals also have NFC readers or backup Magstripe readers. If they have neither, and only an EMV slot, then Samung Pay will not work on those terminals, and neither will any other mobile wallet. If Apple Pay or Android Pay works (via NFC) on those terminals, then Samsung Pay will also work on those terminals.
Who at Google thought this deal with Verizon was a good idea? They need to be fired.
I get new phones twice a year, so I don't care about how fast I get an OS update. What I care about is hardware quality, astheics and features... Samsung Galaxy phones win on all of those counts. Main feature I can't live without is Samsung Pay (MST)... In the U.S., where NFC is not widely available, it's a must have unless you like waiting for slow chip card readers.  Google phones are too basic for my taste. 
Samsung spends a lot on marketing, but the hardware on their flagships is always top notch, they have the manufacturing capability to deliver on the hype, and they don't suddenly remove (or mess up) features like Google is known to do. Not to mention that Samsung has made a respected name for itself in other consumer markets. Marketing alone is not going to make Pixel successful if Google continues to mess up, remove or abandon features with every update and treat Pixel users like beta testers. 
You need to contact Capital One and tell them you are having this problem.
I was expecting more with all the hype in /r/android about this phone. 
The more I hear about this, the more I wonder if Android will be abandoned by Google at some point. Google does, after all, have a terrible reputation for abandoning projects left and right. Also, I'm wondering where this will leave Android OEMs... Probabably at a disadvantage if Google wants more control. It's hard to imagine that this won't  push OEMs like Samsung to accelerate their own (Tizen) OS development for fear of Google having too much control over their products.
MST is really not any less secure than NFC. NFC does a handshake that MST doesn't, but NFC can also theoretically be compromized. With MST, someone would have 2 seconds at most to skim your MST transmitted data while the phone was in transaction mode and use it to make a purchase immediatly before you can. That's not how most skimming attacks work, because that would greatly increase the difficulty. To accomplish a more sofisticated attack. Someone would have to litterally follow you around and place a skimming device within a couple of inches of your phone while you were paying at multiple, subsequent transactions (with you using the same exact card for each transaction) and then they would have use that aquired information to TRY to guess the next encryption key that would be passes by SamsungPay before you made another purchase. With enough data and processing power this could possibly be accomplished in a theoretical environment, but in the real world, it would be very difficult to do. It be easier to just mug the person and take their actual cards if you are going to be stalking them to get this information that will likely prove to be fruitless. Also, users can instantly see when a transaction occurs and be instantly aware of unauthorized charges and can also reset their digital account numbers at anytime, in a matter of a few seconds if they suspect they swiped at a terminal with a skimmer. So the chances of someone actually falling victim to this kind of elaborate attack on MST is very unlikely.
SamsungPay is designed to work alongside EMV chip cards/readers. It uses EMV like authentication so when you are using a chip enabled card with SamsungPay MST it bypasses the chip insertion requirement just like a NFC transaction does and is MUCH quicker and much less annoying than waiting for a chip card to authenticate.
Every time I've used it at AutoZone it has worked. AutoZone has issues because their POS is slow and you have to wait a moment before you "swipe" even though the terminal says it's ready for a swipe. Even waiting a moment to swipe is still quicker than waiting for a chip card to authenticate.
It should work at most of those places. Remove your card and try activating it again. If that doesn't work, reset the SamsungPay App and set it up again.
AFAIK, this is coming in a soon to be released update.
This is typical of Google to mess with features people are using and not even give indication of the change. When I first bought my Note 4, it had always on Google Now. I loved that feature. Then, Google promptly did an update that made it stop working and never fixed it (at least as long as I owned that phone). This is why I don't have much trust in Google products. They have this beta mentality about everything they release, with little to no support and feature and products that can suddenly be changed or dropped completely without consideration to the vast number of users who my be using these features and products. Also, this behavior by Google puts Android OEMs in a very bad position when a feature on the phone suddenly disappears without any warning, due to Google's lack of consideration for consumers using these features.
Samsung uses Tizen for hedging their bets. Google controls much of android, so it's only natural that a company would want to have an alternative just in case Google makes some decisions that put Android OEMs in a bad position. As of now, Tizen as a direct replacement for Android on phones is not really practical, but Tizen is fantastic on the Gear S2/S3... It's so much more optimized than android wear is. If Samsung keeps working on Tizen for phones it may at some point become a good alternative to Android. Really, it depends a lot on how Google handles Android development and progress in the next couple of years. Android needs to be more optimized and desperately needs a better way of handling updates. If Google can't address those two issues, then Tizen on more Samsung phones could become a reality. 
Mine has been working fine after the update. Try removing and re-authorizing your card. 
The Samsung Rewards card will reload by itself once you use Samsung Pay on your replacement device. I had a $20 Samsung Rewards card on my Note 7 and once I used Samsung pay on my replacement S7 edge, it reloaded it with $30. You'll have to add your other cards yourself. Oh, and my Dunkin Donuts card reloaded itself as well.
Yeah, I'm getting a S7 edge loaner expedited to me until Note 7 v2 is in stock.
I doubt there is much risk if any. The number of units affected by this flaw seems to be very small. Samsung is doing a complete recall so that customers will have confidence in purchasing the Note 7, not because Note 7s are currently all at risk.
Yeah, hopefully that will be the case.
Based on what I've read, I'm 0.001% concerned about my battery exploding. My main concern is that T-Mobile will use this recall to remove customers from JOD and then claim they can't undo the process.
It sends a tokenized digital number, just like NFC. The only difference is there isn't a handshake like with NFC. Instead, it sends a prefix to let the processor know it's a Samsung Pay transaction that contains cryptograms. The processor then knows how to process it.
On the Gear S2, Samsung Pay works independently of Samsung  Pay on your phone. The interface to add cards to your Gear S2 is in the Gear app. You can also make purchases without your phone being present. This should be similar on the S3 and would likely mean that you don't need a Samsung phone to use Samsung Pay on the Gear S3.
Yes, got my 256GB microSD a couple of days ago.
No problems with my TMobile Note 7.
My T-Mobile Note 7 is very smooth to use (even more so than my S7 edge). I upgraded from the S7 edge. I'm still waiting on delivery of my new Gear VR to compare Gear VR performance.
I got mine Wednesday from T-Mobile. I'm liking it a lot so far.  It almost the same size as my S7 edge, but with a larger screen and the S-Pen. The battery life is comparable. I also like the improvements to TouchWiz. The iris scan feature is nice and so is the secure folder  feature. I just wish we could already use the iris scanner for Samsung Pay, but I'm sure that feature will be introduced soon in a Samsung Pay update. Over all I'm happy I upgraded from the S7 edge.
The saw peaks on the Android chart are likely from Samsung Galaxy S sales. Notice that the valleys for Android do not really coincide time-wise with iPhone releases.
Stupid name, but it was actually a pretty good service. RIP
It's working fine for me on TMobile.
I agree, if it looks like a scratch and difficult or impossible to remove, there really is no difference. I'm just saying it could be the coating causing the issue rather than the glass itself. Until more tests are done, and we see some real world issues, we don't really know. Fixing a production coating issue would likely be easier than fixing an issue with the glass itself.
There is zero chance that your plastic S-Pen tip is going to scratch the display unless you somehow cover it in sand and then try writing on your Note. I honestly think that Corning could be right and what we are seeing is transfer of a soft metal onto a harder surface. The type of coating applied to the Note 7 glass may be the key on why there is a difference between the S7 edge test and the Note 7 test. The S7 may have had a better (slicker) coating that prevented the transfer. It could also be a production flaw on some Note 7 displays. More tests are needed before jumping to any conclusions in my opinion.
Last year when I got my S6 edge, I was upgrading from a Note 4 and when I was removing my SIM card from my Note 4, the plastic back cover of the Note 4 fell maybe 8 to 10 inches onto my S6 edge screen and left what looked like a scratch right in the middle of the screen. I rubbed it with my finger and it didn't come off and it felt like a scratch. I was scratching my head as to how a piece of plastic lightly dropping scratched the display of the S6 edge, and angry at myself for immediatly scratching a brand new phone. It wasn't until a couple of months later that I got a razor blade scraper and ran it over the "scratch" and sure enough, it came off. Somehow that plastic transfer had adheared pretty well to the display in spite of me cleaning the screen multiple times. I don't know of if this is the case here, but now I'm more aware that certain materials can make transfers onto glass displays that highly resemble scratches and are difficult to remove.
If these are metal transfers sticking to the screen rather than actual scratches, it could be due to the type coating on the glass. We don't really know what difference in coating exists on various models of phones. That could explain the difference, if what Corning says is true.
It has zero reviews because pre-orders haven't even shipped yet.  I ordered one of their note7 cases too, so hopefully it will work well with their cases.
I just ordered this full coverage tempered glass protector. It's the same brand as the excellent case I used for my S7 edge and the case I ordered for my Note7. I'm hoping it works well.

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01GR9CWQC/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_47YTxbKFSS4SC
So glad my $50 unlimited plan has been grandfathered in.
Gorilla Glass aims to find the right balance between scratch resistance and shatter resistance with each iteration. The more scratch resistant, the more brittle and likely to shatter. That's why having a phone display covered in sapphire crystal is not practical. Sure to would be difficult to scratch, but it would shatter horrifically when dropped or bumped.  Gorilla Glass isn't perfect, but it's probably the best option for a phone display right now.
I guess we lost the perk of getting the phones a few days early for pre-orders.
I'd wait to see what the Gear S3 has in store. It should likely have GPS and Samsung Pay MST, and the price of the S2 will drop after it launches.
Yes, to your address and name. So you can get alerted sooner sometimes than it takes for the shipper to send you the information. 
No, I just got a text from T-Mobile day before yesterday saying that they were packaging my order this weekend... Nothing else from T-Mobile.
Says it's ready for UPS. I got my S7 edge on a Monday as well. I'm close to the airport, so UPS usually delivers the same day it arrives at the airport. Wouldn't be surprised they are already sitting at the airport waiting for UPS to process them and get them distributed.
Yes
Log in to UPS My Choice. I just checked and there is a tracking number and it says mine will be delivered on Monday 8/15. T-Mobile has yet to send me notification.
My previous pre-orders for Note 4, S6 edge, Note 5 and S7 edge have all come on the day UPS My Choice said they would, so I expect it will be delivered on Monday.
Neither, I logged into UPS My Choice and it is there. I've yet to receive notice from T-Mobile. All my previous pre-orders for the Note 4, S6 edge, Note 5 and S7 edge have been the same, I get the tracking info first from UPS My Choice.
Just got my tracking number from UPS My Choice and it says it will be delivered Monday 8/15. The T-Mobile site still has my order as "being processed".
Got my tracking number tonight from UPS My Choice. My Silver Note 7 will be delivered on Monday 8/15. T-Mobile still has my order as "being processed".
They never could explain it. I called and asked why I got a notice that my order had been cancelled, and I could not get a straight answer from CS. They placed a new order and said that I would still keep my place in line. I did get a text yesterday saying that they are packing my order this weekend, but I haven't received shipping info and my order still says it's processing at this point, so I'm doubtful that I'll be getting it the first day that it ships out.
T-Mobile suddenly cancelled my August 3 order and placed another order for me on August 4. They claimed my "place in line" would remain the same, but my order is still showing as being processed. Meanwhile, people like OP are getting their shipping notifications. 
My Gear S2 has wireless charging and looks thinner than this watch.
I got this text too, but my order status still says it's still processing. 
What angers me is that they cancelled my August 3rd order and placed a new one on August 4. Customer service claimed my "place in line" would be the same, but my order still says it's processing at this point.

...And fabricated by Samsung.
Yes, the processor knows it's a Samsung Pay transaction which has already been authenticated by your phone and bank, so it doesn't  require a chip insertion to authenticate the transaction.
I'm on JOD, called at 4:30AM central and was told their system was down and I have to have a callback. I'll have to wait to process my pre-order later this evening. I wish they would just let JOD customers upgrade online.
I tried to call CS and pre-order via JOD this morning (4:30AM) and they told me the system was down and I would get a call back later today. Anyone else have this problem? Can I do JOD upgrade on the website instead? I'm not seeing the option.
Optimized software, more power  efficiency, faster SoC, Gorilla Glass 5, microSD slot, water/dust resistance, iris scanner an those are just the improvements that we know of. I think that's plenty for people upgrading from Note 4/5. I'll be upgrading from my S7 edge to a Note 7. I really don't understand people who have a Note 3 or 4 complaining that the Note 7 isn't a good enough upgrade. I had a Note 4 and it was nice at the time, but my Note 5 was much better, and the Note 7 is an improved version of the Note 5. 
No problem.
Search for MG Chemicals 8243-W Optical Wipe on Amazon. They are a bit expensive, but they work well and I've found that one application lasts for several VR sessions.
I use these M.G. optical wipes I got at Fry's and I no longer have a problem with fogging. http://www.frys.com/product/6441472
The main differences from the S7 edge will be improved software optimization and the iris scanner and stylus, and USB-C and screen size, of course. That's worth an upgrade for me. But I always get a Galaxy S in the spring, and a Note in the fall. So it's something I was planning on anyway. I'm personally looking forward to the iris scanner and I'm excited about Samsung's new focus on software development and improvements. I expect it to be a good upgrade for people who want the Note features.
Great deal. I'm in for a Note 7!
I won't be surprised if it has better battery life than the S7 edge. Samsung has really been focusing on optimizing their software. 
My Tab S2 just recently got updated to 6.0.1 if that helps. It's a great device.
Agreed.
During the winter you can unlock the phone without removing your gloves. 
That's an identification code. Samsung will be able to trace who leaked this photo (if it wasn't an authorized leak).
The benefit for Samsung is that they could squeeze all the performance out of the fantastic hardware they pack into their flagships. Without the Android OS overhead the Galaxy line of phones would leapfrog in performance and battery life. Look at the Gear S2 battery life vs Android wear devices and Apple watch... There is no comparison. The Gear S2 destroys the others running a very optimized and functional Tizen OS.
I'll bet Samsung debuts this in the Note 7. They debuted Gorilla Glass 4 in the Note 4 (with surprisingly little fanfare).
My next phone... Hopefully they release a new USB C GearVR along side it. I guess my old GearVR will go up for sale. 
I doubt the Note 7 will be any larger in physical size than the Note 5. 
That's what insurance is for.
I had this issue for a while with my Tab S2, but an update seemed to fix it. 
Some backend POS systems can't handle the extra track data Samsung Pay passes either because they are outdated or poorly designed. Though, if you get a declined error, that could be a communication or formatting error with your bank or credit union and this particular merchant. If you have more than one card on Samsung Pay, test both and see if they both fail. Also, I've noticed at some merchants that debit cards don't work, but credit cards do. If you are using a debit card, you can try running it as credit instead.
If your debit card has trouble running as a debit card you can run it as credit. Other than that, there is nothing else required. I noticed that some of Walgreens NFC readers freeze up and give problems, so I usually use MST even though they have NFC readers.
I use Samsung Pay now, but I tried Android Pay for a couple of months when it was released and I had several Android Pay failures. I haven't tried it again recently. Also, just recently I've been getting pop-ups saying I can use Android Pay at the store I'm at... I was at Fry's Electronics and got the pop-up. I normally use Samsung Pay MST there, so out of curiosity I tried to use Android Pay and it did not work. I had to switch back to Samsung Pay, which had the cashier looking confused.
Samsung fabricates Qualcomm SoC chips, so the difference in cost may be minimal for them. Also, it probably eliminates the licencing fees they have to pay on their in-house LTE radios.
It's Google's problem. It's Google's platform and apps. They should be able make their Android apps at least as good as their iOS apps and if the android platform is the problem, they do have control of that.
Yes. Wireless fast charging on the S7 edge is fantastic. 
I'm going to have my front bumper cover repainted so I figure it would be a good time to upgrade the headlights. have stock non-halo halogen on my 2007 328i. If I install these will I need coding done to prevent errors? I plan on just using white halogen bulbs. What do the daytime running lights look like with these? 
MST is designed to work with chipped cards. It uses a different digital account number that is tokenized, not to mention that MST is MUCH faster than waiting for your chipped card to authenticate... MST goes through instantly, whereas your chipped card has to rely on the merchant's hardware to authenticate the transaction.
Did you install your self or have someone else do it? You have to remove the front bumper to install these, right?
It's one thing to put you own life at risk, but he's also putting other people's lives at risk. If he falls to the street or sidewalk below he could easily kill one or more innocent people.
The timeout for payment mode on Samsung Pay is 10 seconds, so you can't really give it to a waiter and expect them to be able to preform the transaction, even if they press retry before the phone locks, that's still only another 10 seconds and there is no guarantee that the waiter/waitress would know how to use it. Also, I wouldn't trust a random waiter/waitress not to drop my phone. So, you can really only use Samsung Pay in restaurants which have terminals at the tables, or wireless terminals that the wait staff bring to the table. If you want to go to a restaurant, you still need to carry a card.
Spain and the rest of Europe, in general, have greater NFC adoption. In those countries MST is not a necessity like it is in the U.S.
It would be very difficult for someone to steal your token before you can use it. The timeout is 10 seconds when in payment mode, and once you swipe or tap,  that single use token is used up. I would check with your bank and make sure the notification wasn't an error and see if the charge was actually performed. 
There are many great credit unions that support Samsung Pay. You may get better rates and benefits from a credit union than from a bank. I personally use NFCU.
Only prepaid cards from supported banks like BBVA Compass are supported.
Yeah, some merchants don't offer the choice, and pushing cancel should cause it to go though as credit. I'd still report it to your bank first. When my CU first offered Samsung Pay support, my debt and credit transactions would always fail at Kroger and a couple of other places. Though, my Chase credit card would work just fine at those places. I called my CU and it turns out they had some kind of formatting/communication error with some merchants when their cards were used via Samsung Pay. They had the problem fixed in about 2 weeks. The only reason I knew it wasn't a Samsung Pay problem was due to my other cards working just fine at those merchants.
FYI: If you are using a debit card, try running it as credit and if it works, contact your bank and let them know about the issue. Some people have trouble running some debit transactions via Samsung Pay at certain merchants. In those cases, Samsung recommends trying the transaction as a credit card instead. If it still doesn't work, report it to Samsung Pay support.
Its likely that their backend POS is just outdated or poorly designed. It would be very difficult and costly for a retailer to block Samsung Pay and pretty near impossible IMO. They would have to identify which blocks of account numbers each bank and issuer uses for Samsung Pay and block all of those account numbers. That would involve significant expense in research and infrastructure all to block customers from paying for very little benefit, if any. Not to mention that MasterCard, Visa, Amex and all the banks affected would not be happy. That retailer would likely be violating their merchant agreements if they did this and loose the ability to accept those cards. It's not comparable to merchants disabling NFC because NFC is optional and it costs merchants extra, so there is a legitimate reason for a merchant not to accept NFC. Magstripe is not optional and MST transactions don't cost the merchant anymore than a regular transaction does.
Probably not, I'm sure they optimized it pretty well. Samsung is working with various terminal manufactures to ensure the best experience. I think as long as retailers update their systems, it should become more and more rare to have failures.
A Samsung Pay MST swipe has a prefix attached so that the payment processor knows that it's a Samsung Pay transaction. It also contains a cryptogram for authorization and it's coded as a card present transaction so the merchant knows they don't have liability on fraudulent transactions. So it has more data than a plain old swipe. If the merchant's POS backend is so outdated or poorly designed that it can't handle that extra data, it will have trouble processing it.
It doesn't work at all terminals, but probably about 95% of them. Places that have trouble usually have outdated POS backends that can't handle the extra track data, so they throw out an error or freeze up. Some places also require a second swipe, so if it fails once, try again and see if it works. I know at Autozone  I had to wait to swipe when the cashier told me even though the terminal said I could swipe. If I didn't wait until the cashier told me it was ready, the swipe would fail.
I don't see Fairwinds listed anymore on the list of supported banks and credit unions. I know they were listed a while back. Have you contacted them? Maybe their support was delayed for some reason.
No,  there is no Samsung Pay support as of yet for the Gear S2
I got one of these for my Mom a couple of years ago and she loved it. I didn't know they were so toxic until afterward and would have probably given it a second thought had I known. Nevertheless, this is a very cool looking plant.
My next phone :D
How much money are you saving by doing this yourself? 
You'd think T-MOBILE could figure out a way to allow Cellspot access only to devices that are authorized to connect to the router that the Cellspot is connected to. This way you'd have to give someone your WIFI key before they would be allowed to connect to your Cellspot.
I guess if your parents are T-Mobile customers, they easy thing would be to convince them to get their own cellspot. Insist that T-Mobile doesn't charge them a deposit, though, considering the situation. I'm curious, though, is this house really close? I don't think my neighbors can connect to my cellspot at all. Heck, If I walk to the other side of the house I probably wouldn't connect to the cellspot, so my neighbors definitely can't connect. when I first got it, I walked around outside in the yard and it seems like unless I'm very close inside in the same part of the house, I can't connect to the cellspot. Basically, I think I would effectively need 2 or 3 more to cover the entire house, and even then I doubt the signal would get to the neighbors.
Democrats don't dispute your right to own a gun, they just for the most part want tighter restrictions on those who sell them. I don't think better background checks, closing the gunshow loophole, where there are massive amounts of unregulated gun sales, and preventing people with diagnosed mental illness or criminal history from getting guns is such a bad thing. But if you listen to Republican rhetoric on the matter, I can understand why you'd think the Democrats only goal is to take your guns away.  
In my experience, there is usually a bit of a grace period on these promos. Try another transaction and see if it qualifies you.
Eligible users can choose one $20 gift card from California Pizza Kitchen, Toys R Us, Nike, Banana Republic, and Regal Entertainment.
Samsung Pay is a bit different than Android Pay in that it runs in a separate userspace than the Android OS for security purposes. So it functions in a more secure manner. Also, Samsung doesn't store your credit card data like Google does. Though, I don't think it would harm anyone's privacy or security if they allowed you to back up your loyalty card data to your Samsung account. You should send them a suggestion to allow users that option.
We may later see some integration so that when you pay with NFC or MST it passes along your membership info automatically, but the merchant would have to support it first. Walgreens supports this type of integration on Apple/Android Pay, so I would expect they will likely support it on Samsung Pay at some point.
Does Korea have Samsung Pay working on the Gear S2 yet?
Samsung has been adding newly supported banks and credit unions every couple of weeks, so keep checking back. Also, it might be helpful to publicly pressure your CU for Samsung Pay support on social media. For most of these small credit unions and community banks, it's just a matter of them agreeing to support Samsung Pay. The actual support is handled by a company that they contract with to manage their cards, which offers Samsung Pay support as an option to their clients. So beyond a bit of training for their employees, there isn't very much involved in adding support.
BBVA Compass has a prepaid Visa that works with Samsung Pay and has no usage fees. That's might be a good option for people waiting for their bank to add support.
Not until we get Samsung Pay support on the Gear S2. In the mean time, I use FidMe on my Gear S2 for loyalty cards.
Yeah, that took a lot longer than I expected. Storing my loyalty cards is the only reason I still have Android Pay installed. Now I can uninstall Android Pay. The loyalty card UI in Samsung Pay seems to be better than the Android Pay UI.
Update: The Bancorp agreement is gone for me as of 5/18. It looks like Discover added full support for Android Pay! Also, Samsung Pay just got an update which scans Discover cards properly, unlike the previous version, and instead of saying it's unsupported, it just gives a server connection error for Discover cards. So I'm hoping Discover support for Samsung Pay may be pending as well.


I'm pretty certain Discover support is arriving very soon.

Firstly, Android Pay got full support for Discover Cards today 5/17 (Not via Bancorp)

Secondly, the newly released version (2.0.27) of Samsung Pay properly scans Discover cards. Whereas, the old version required you to enter the number in manually, and you would immediately get an error about the card number you entered being invalid. Now, you just get a server connection error when you try to add a Discover card and you don't get a message telling you that it's not supported (as it typically does with unsupported cards). 

So, my guess is that we'll see Discover support for Samsung Pay soon.
What's new:

* Membership/Loyalty Cards
* Featured Area to keep you updated with the latest information and promotions
What's new:

* Membership/Loyalty Cards
* Featured Area to keep you updated with the latest information and promotions
 
What's new:

* Membership/Loyalty Cards
* Featured Area to keep you updated with the latest information and promotions
 
What's new:

* Membership/Loyalty Cards
* Featured Area to keep you updated with the latest information and promotions
 
http://imgur.com/4LALauu

What's new:

* Membership/Loyalty Cards
* Featured Area to keep you updated with the latest information and promotions

FYI: You don't need to add your Membership/Loyalty cards to simple pay since there is a dedicated UI at the top to pull up and switch between Membership/Loyalty cards.
 
I tried adding my Discover It card a couple of days ago out of curiosity and I still got the Bancorp agreement. I'll have to try again. Hopefully if this is true, it means Samsung Pay support will also be announced soon.

Edit: Just tried it and it's now fully supported, no more Bancorp! 

On a side note, an new version of Samsung Pay was just released and, unlike the old version, it scans Discover cards properly. When you try to add a Discover card, it gives a server connection error, rather that saying it's unsupported like it does with unsupported cards. So Samsung Pay support for Discover could be coming soon too! 
5/3 had claimed they were aiming for Q1 2016, but have obviously missed that goal. Hopefully it will be soon. Samsung Pay seems to be getting a new supported batches of banks every couple of weeks, but they have also been announcing larger banks between those batches. So keep checking back weekly. 
* 1st United Credit Union
* 1st Financial Federal Credit Union
* Amegy bank of Texas
* Arlington Community Federal Credit Union
* Arsenal Credit Union
* Bank & Trust Company
* Bridgeview Bank Group
* California Bank & Trust
* Catholic & Community Credit Union
* Credit Union of Texas
* Coulee Dam Federal Credit Union
* Customers Bank
* Denali Federal Credit Union
* First Atlantic
* First Community
* First Electronic bank
* Fort Worth City Credit Union
* Genisys Credit Union
* Grow Financial Federal Credit Union
* Hawaii USA Federal Credit Union
* Horizon Bank 
* Leaders Credit Union
* Marlborough Savings Bank
* Max
* National Bank of Arizona
* Nevada State Bank
* Northwest Savings Bank
* Nusenda Credit Union
* Polish & Slavic Federal Credit Union
* Providence Bank and Trust
* Quorum Federal Credit Union
* Spokane Teachers Credit Union
* Suncoast Credit Union
* TIB
* Tonawanda Valley Credit Union
* Utah First Credit Union
* Vectra Bank Colorado
* Zions Bank 

View the full supported list of issuers/banks [here](http://www.samsung.com/us/support/answer/ANS00043884/997408820/Y/).
* 1st United Credit Union
* 1st Financial Federal Credit Union
* Amegy bank of Texas
* Arlington Community Federal Credit Union
* Arsenal Credit Union
* Bank & Trust Company
* Bridgeview Bank Group
* California Bank & Trust
* Catholic & Community Credit Union
* Credit Union of Texas
* Coulee Dam Federal Credit Union
* Customers Bank
* Denali Federal Credit Union
* First Atlantic
* First Community
* First Electronic bank
* Fort Worth City Credit Union
* Genisys Credit Union
* Grow Financial Federal Credit Union
* Hawaii USA Federal Credit Union
* Horizon Bank 
* Leaders Credit Union
* Marlborough Savings Bank
* Max
* National Bank of Arizona
* Nevada State Bank
* Northwest Savings Bank
* Nusenda Credit Union
* Polish & Slavic Federal Credit Union
* Providence Bank and Trust
* Quorum Federal Credit Union
* Spokane Teachers Credit Union
* Suncoast Credit Union
* TIB
* Tonawanda Valley Credit Union
* Utah First Credit Union
* Vectra Bank Colorado
* Zions Bank 

View the full supported list of issuers/banks [here](http://www.samsung.com/us/support/answer/ANS00043884/997408820/Y/).
* 1st United Credit Union
* 1st Financial Federal Credit Union
* Amegy bank of Texas
* Arlington Community Federal Credit Union
* Arsenal Credit Union
* Bank & Trust Company
* Bridgeview Bank Group
* California Bank & Trust
* Catholic & Community Credit Union
* Credit Union of Texas
* Coulee Dam Federal Credit Union
* Customers Bank
* Denali Federal Credit Union
* First Atlantic
* First Community
* First Electronic bank
* Fort Worth City Credit Union
* Genisys Credit Union
* Grow Financial Federal Credit Union
* Hawaii USA Federal Credit Union
* Horizon Bank 
* Leaders Credit Union
* Marlborough Savings Bank
* Max
* National Bank of Arizona
* Nevada State Bank
* Northwest Savings Bank
* Nusenda Credit Union
* Polish & Slavic Federal Credit Union
* Providence Bank and Trust
* Quorum Federal Credit Union
* Spokane Teachers Credit Union
* Suncoast Credit Union
* TIB
* Tonawanda Valley Credit Union
* Utah First Credit Union
* Vectra Bank Colorado
* Zions Bank 

View the full supported list of issuers/banks [here](http://www.samsung.com/us/support/answer/ANS00043884/997408820/Y/).
* 1st United Credit Union
* 1st Financial Federal Credit Union
* Amegy bank of Texas
* Arlington Community Federal Credit Union
* Arsenal Credit Union
* Bank & Trust Company
* Bridgeview Bank Group
* California Bank & Trust
* Catholic & Community Credit Union
* Credit Union of Texas
* Coulee Dam Federal Credit Union
* Customers Bank
* Denali Federal Credit Union
* First Atlantic
* First Community
* First Electronic bank
* Fort Worth City Credit Union
* Genisys Credit Union
* Grow Financial Federal Credit Union
* Hawaii USA Federal Credit Union
* Horizon Bank 
* Leaders Credit Union
* Marlborough Savings Bank
* Max
* National Bank of Arizona
* Nevada State Bank
* Northwest Savings Bank
* Nusenda Credit Union
* Polish & Slavic Federal Credit Union
* Providence Bank and Trust
* Quorum Federal Credit Union
* Spokane Teachers Credit Union
* Suncoast Credit Union
* TIB
* Tonawanda Valley Credit Union
* Utah First Credit Union
* Vectra Bank Colorado
* Zions Bank 

View the full supported list of issuers/banks [here](http://www.samsung.com/us/support/answer/ANS00043884/997408820/Y/).
* 1st United Credit Union
* 1st Financial Federal Credit Union
* Amegy bank of Texas
* Arlington Community Federal Credit Union
* Arsenal Credit Union
* Bank & Trust Company
* Bridgeview Bank Group
* California Bank & Trust
* Catholic & Community Credit Union
* Credit Union of Texas
* Coulee Dam Federal Credit Union
* Customers Bank
* Denali Federal Credit Union
* First Atlantic
* First Community
* First Electronic bank
* Fort Worth City Credit Union
* Genisys Credit Union
* Grow Financial Federal Credit Union
* Hawaii USA Federal Credit Union
* Horizon Bank 
* Leaders Credit Union
* Marlborough Savings Bank
* Max
* National Bank of Arizona
* Nevada State Bank
* Northwest Savings Bank
* Nusenda Credit Union
* Polish & Slavic Federal Credit Union
* Providence Bank and Trust
* Quorum Federal Credit Union
* Spokane Teachers Credit Union
* Suncoast Credit Union
* TIB
* Tonawanda Valley Credit Union
* Utah First Credit Union
* Vectra Bank Colorado
* Zions Bank 
That's because Discover had to roll out their own infrastructure for Apple Pay support from scratch, but Discover were apparently too shortsighted to make it easy to integrate other mobile wallets the way Visa/MasterCard and Amex have done. That's assuming that Apple didn't make some kind of agreement with Discover ensuring that Discover's Apple Pay infrastructure couldn't be used for integrating competing wallets. Which, to be honest, would not surprise me one bit. Of course since Discover is the only major issuer still lagging behind in support of the three major mobile wallets, they may have just decided that Bancorp support on Android Pay was better than no support at all. Hopefully when they finally roll out Samsung Pay support, they'll have Android Pay covered too.
Not only grandfathered cards... Discover has apparently allowed Google to say Discover supports Android Pay even though their cards can only be added via Bancorp. Probably because the time and expense involved in building up infrastructure to support it since they can't rely on Visa/MasterCard infrastructure and are clearly way behind Amex on their own infrastructure. 

What I'm wondering is if Google is taking liability on these Bancorp transactions because I find it hard to believe that most banks/issuers would be in favor of this type of transaction. To be honest, I'd be a bit fearful that my issuer might decline to cover fraudulent charges on such transactions by claiming that I provided my account data to an unauthorized third-party or something. 
Most of the articles I see in a search are from last year [like this one](http://www.wsj.com/articles/apple-pay-stung-bylow-techfraudsters-1425603036), but there was a recent article posted here on reddit about one particular case of a thief using Apple Pay to make a large amount of fraudulent purchases, but I'm not sure what subreddit it was posted in.
That's true. I read that there has been a lot of fraudulent purchases on Apple Pay with people adding stolen/other people's credit cards and it was related specifically to the way Apple Pay adds cards without proper verification from the card holder. They are probably just confirming his use of Android Pay.
Google does store your card data in the cloud and if you have an unsupported card on Android Pay that works via Bancorp, Bancorp has your account data too. I've always wondered how banks agreed to this kind of setup with Android Pay. Neither Apple Pay, nor Samsung Pay store your account data like this, so it could be Android Pay specific, if it's even connected at all. 

The main problem with both Android Pay and Apple Pay is that NFC adoption is so low in the U.S. that you are forced to swipe at a lot of places, especially since a lot of retailers still don't have active chip readers. This means only a small percentage of your total transactions are protected from skimmers and data breaches. Samsung Pay is the only mobile wallet that protects the vast majority of your transactions.
* Southwest Airlines (20% off)
* American Eagle Outfiters (20% off)
* Domino's (~~25%~~ 20% off)
* Southwest Airlines (20% off)
* Best Buy (20% off)
* P.F. Changs (20% off)
* GameStop (20% off)
* Regal Entertainment Group (~~25%~~ 20% off)
I'd be very surprised if they didn't start decompression before he surfaced. It would probably take quite some time before he could finish decompression on the rescue ship.
I just have a Discover credit card. The the only place that has active NFC terminals and offers cash back near me is Walgreens. I've tried to get cash back using my Discover card via Android Pay there and I never get the option to do so. What I'm really looking forward to is Discover supporting Samsung Pay, since I don't really use Android Pay anymore.
Yeah, and you also lose the benefit of getting cash back with your Discover credit card.
Because Amex has their own infrastructure built up to support all three major mobile wallets, unlike Discover. Discover currently only has full support for Apple Pay, they use Bancorp for Android Pay, and are building support for Samsung Pay. Perhaps they are concurrently building full support for both Samsung Pay and Android Pay.
In pitch darkness you're going to know where to swim in an upside down ship that has sunk to an unknown depth? Not to mention that he would have likely died from the bends if he tried to surface. It probably took ages just to decompress him before they could return him to the surface.  
That's exactly how it was done in Google Wallet, so it definitely hasn't changed. This means the security is about the same as it was with Google Wallet, which is a big drawback in my opinion. With this type of transaction, you'll get rewards for properly classified transactions (like we did in Google Wallet), but you will likely not get purchase protection or extended warranty from Discover on those purchases. Discover may have agreed to this considering the time/cost of rolling out their own infrastructure to support Android Pay. That could explain why they don't really advertise Android Pay support on the Discover website beyond the the FAQs about using it with Discover Cards. I'm going to secure message Discover and ask them about purchase protection/warranty coverage on these purchases, just out of curiosity. 

Edit: I contacted Discover about purchase protection and extended warranty using Android Pay and I'm waiting to hear back. It's clear you can not get cash back using your Discover card using Android Pay, so that one benefit you lose, for sure.
I have Discover It as well. Maybe it's because Discover can't rely on MasterCard/Visa infrastructure to offer support. That's why they have a delay in supporting Samsung Pay, since that requires them to have the infrastructure to support it. Perhaps they just agreed to support Android Pay via Bancorp. If so, that still raises some questions on benefits/rewards for your purchases.  Was your Discover Card added via Bancorp? Do you know if you get Discover rewards on your Android Pay purchases? Does the charge indicate it was a Google/Android Pay transaction, or does it look like a normal transaction on your statement?
All I can say is that when I add my Discover card (I just tried it) it still adds it via Bancorp, which is not the way supported cards are added.
Android Pay doesn't support Discover either. The only reason you can add it is because you likely previously used it on Google Wallet and it has been temporarily grandfathered as a stopgap for Google Wallet users switching to Android Pay. 

The way Discover and some other unsupported cards are supported on Android Pay (for some users) is via a third party company (Bancorp) which is less secure and that means your Discover transactions via Android pay are not eligible for the ~~rewards and~~ protections and benefits provided by Discover. Aside from the security risks of involving a third party (fourth party actually, because the way Android Pay works makes Google a third party in the transaction, unlike both Apple Pay and Samsung Pay) Google is paying double the interchange fees on these transactions and probably having to cover liability for fraudulent charges, so it's not sustainable for Google to continue this stopgap measure. At some point either Discover (and other unsupported issuers) or Google will put an end to this kind of third party support, we just don't know when.

Well, paying with a mobile wallet is MUCH quicker than waiting 10 seconds for your chipped card to authenticate, since the payment goes through instantly. If you are using Samsung Pay you can use it just about everywhere and that means all your transactions are tokenized, so you are eliminating the time you wait for the chip card to read AND the risk you have when a merchant doesn't have a working chip reader and you have to swipe. Also, in the U.S. we have chip and signature authentication on credit cards, meaning that if someone steals, or you lose your chipped credit card, someone can still use it quite easily. Someone can also bypass a debit card pin by running it as a credit transaction. With a mobile wallet, you have 2 factor authentication, via secure element on the phone (Samsung Pay) or token(Android Pay) and fingerprint or pin authentication. So if you lose or have you phone stolen, someone will not be able to run up charges on your cards, and you can remotely disable them. 

One other thing... It's very convenient to just pull out your phone instead of fumbling through your wallet. I can pull out and pay via Samsung Pay with one hand, so if you happen to only have one hand free at the moment it's very helpful.
Unfortunately, it seems like you have to be willing to hand over your phone to the cashier if you want to use a mobile payment at McDonald's drive thru. The only place I've been able to recently make a mobile payment in the drive thru without handing over my phone is at Wendy's. Though, Wendy's have the NFC readers set to reject NFC transactions, so only Samsung Pay will work at the Wendy's drive thru via the card reader. A couple of years ago Whataburger had NFC/card terminals at the drive thru window as well, but they no longer have them. 
I'd be surprised if the driver survived. Looks like they headbutted that pole. Lucky kid.
This is how I feel when I line up to check out at Fry's Electronics.
I have a Gear S2 and I'm really liking it, so I'd get it if you want it. If you want a good deal, wait for the release of the Gear S3 and both new and used prices will drop on the Gear S2. Also, the Gear S3 is likely to have Samsung's new bio-processor which sounds amazing. If that appeals to you, you might want to wait. Also, I think the reason that the Gear S2 hasn't had Samsung Pay activated in the US is because of the low adoption rate of NFC in the US and Samsung doesn't want to associate Samsung Pay with limited acceptance this early in the game, especially in such an important market. Hopefully Samsung will have slimmed up the hardware enough to include both NFC and MST on the Gear S3 which would allow near universal acceptance of Samsung Pay on the Gear S3. 
FYI: [Gear Fit 2 is launching next month](http://m.pulsenews.co.kr/view.php?sc=30800018&year=2016&no=336291) and it looks fantastic.
I'm loving my S7 edge, but I always upgrade to a Galaxy Note in the fall. I'm really looking forward to the Note 6. Hopefully, they launch a compatible Gear VR along with it, and hopefully they also release a Gear S3 with Samsung's new bio-processor.
Samsung Pay bypasses the EMV chip authentication on the terminal, basically the transaction is coded so the terminal knows it doesn't need a chip insertion, instead the processor authenticates it via the cryptograms that Samsung Pay passes. So it being a chipped card is not your problem. It may very well be that if you used your debit card, that the Starbucks POS tried to process it as a debit and was unable to due to a formatting or communication error with your bank. In most cases running your debit card as a credit cards should solve an issue like this, but you should let your bank know if you are having issues like this with certain merchants. If you have another card on Samsung Pay, I'd try another and see if you still have the same issue.
Do you have the latest OTA update from AT&T?
I don't ever go to Starbucks, but Starbucks accepts Apple Pay as far as I know, so Samsung Pay should work just fine via NFC. If you were trying to use MST, what it sounds like to me is that the clerk was pushing some mobile payment button or something and that could be affecting the MST transaction. Whether you are using a chipped card or not doesn't matter with Samsung Pay, Samsung Pay is designed to work with chipped cards. I'm inclined to believe it was a problem with the terminal or with whatever the cashier was doing. You could try using NFC, if they have an NFC reader, instead and it should be the same process as someone using Apple Pay so that shouldn't confuse the cashier.  
The 7-Elevens near me have ingenico terminals [like this](http://www.ncrcounterpoint.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/i/n/ingenico.png) I don't have any trouble using them. I just hold my phone directly over the center of the card slot.  They may have their NFC readers set to decline transactions like like CVS does, so you have to be careful not to put your phone too close to the NFC reader under the display otherwise you might get a rejected NFC transaction. Samsung Pay engages both NFC and MST in transaction mode, so whichever reader gets the signal first is the reader that will handle the transactions. This is only a problem at merchants that have their NFC terminals set to decline NFC transactions. For anyone wondering why a merchant would do this... The payment processors charge the merchants more for NFC transactions.
I bought a cheap black band for my Gear S2 sport on ebay ($8) and you get what you pay for. I wasn't really happy with the band. It's made out of silicone and attracts lint, unlike the OEM bands. Also, the fit was less than desirable because the part that connects to the watch was not very good quality. I even had a difficult time removing it after putting it on my Gear S2. I had to put so much force removing it, that I was worried about damaging the watch.
This is a new processor entirely, so there will likely be some difference from the predecessors. 
I'm wondering if the Gear S3 will have this bio-processor? I'm going to be tempted to buy this for exercise/sleep tracking and just use my Gear S2 for work/going out. 
Try castor oil... Much cheaper.
Samsung PRO+ 128GB
On Android Pay it's impossible to get cash back on a debit card as the terminal always says it's not supported at places like Walgreen's that accept NFC payments and offer cashback on debit transactions. As long as the bank isn't having any issues, Samsung Pay will allow cashback on both MST and NFC debit transactions. The problem is that there seems to be several banks that are having issues authorizing debit transactions at certain merchants via Samsung Pay and the only way that gets fixed is for their members to report it.
It really depends on the bank, some banks debit cards work just fine as debit transactions, and other banks have issues. Most likely this is a formatting/communication issue on the banks end. When I had a BoA debit, I had problems using it as a debit card, but my Navy Federal debit card works just fine as a debit card and I can get cashback using it at places that offer cash back. As others have stated, Samsung recommends running your debit card as a credit card if you have trouble with debit transactions being declined, but beyond doing that you really need to report the issue to your bank so they can fix the problem. Sometimes this problem can be limited to certain merchants, so reporting it is a good idea because they may not be aware of the issue.  
The same question can be asked about Apple Pay, which has a very low attachment rate. One of the main barriers in the U.S. is that large portions of the public are paranoid about mobile payments and completely uneducated about the benefits mobile wallets offer. It's an uphill battle and only time will fix that.
Thanks for the info. This could be because their credit cards are issued by Visa and their debit cards are MasterCard. Visa was a major investor in LoopPay, so they may have more of an advantage in rolling out Samsung Pay.
FYI: The BBVA Compass ClearSpend Prepaid Visa should also work with Samsung Pay. It has no credit check, no monthly fees, and you can set up direct deposit on it. So if your bank or credit card issuer doesn't yet support Samsung Pay, this prepaid Visa card might be a good option for you.
Good luck and keep us updated.
I've noticed that employees of some smaller banks and credit unions aren't really well informed of when they add Samsung Pay support. I think this has to do with the fact they they are not actually the ones implementing the support. It's usually the company that provides debit and credit card services to the banks or credit union which adds support, which in most cases is TMG (The Members Group) Then it takes some time for the banks or credit unions to come out and officially announce support themselves. In some cases members are able to register and use their cards well before the employees are aware of the support. I'd just keep checking back in the next few days and see if you can register your card. You can also contact Samsung Pay support and see if they can provide any info, but more than likely you'll be able to add your card in the next few days.
It should already be active. Kern FCU supports Visa credit and MasterCard debit cards on Samsung Pay. Call your credit union support line if you are having trouble activating your card on Samsung Pay. If that doesn't help, call Samsung Pay support.
Nope, and I wouldn't expect it. They seem to only want to support Apple Pay.
BECU support was added a couple of weeks ago. You can look at the [full list of Samsung Pay supported banks here](http://www.samsung.com/us/support/answer/ANS00043884/997408820/1). 
Samsung Pay works just about everywhere, so you are better off with Samsung Pay support than with Android Pay support anyway.
[I tweeted USAA and asked when can we expect @SamsungPay support](https://twitter.com/__j_b__/status/727704447069999104). They replied:

>Thanks for reaching out. USAA is actively working to make Samsung Pay available by the end of the year.

[I tweeted USAA and asked when can we expect @SamsungPay support](https://twitter.com/__j_b__/status/727704447069999104). They replied:

>Thanks for reaching out. USAA is actively working to make Samsung Pay available by the end of the year.

>We'll share more details as we get closer to the launch date.
I closed my Capital One account when it became obvious that they only plan on supporting Apple Pay. No big loss. Their service and credit lines are not that great, and I have much better cards anyway. 
You'll have to ask Discover that question. They certainly didn't take their time adding Apple Pay support.
Yes, they added support a couple of weeks ago.
* Achieva
* Alcoa Tenn Federal Credit Union
* American Heritage Federal Credit Union
* Bangor Savings Bank
* Bridgewater Savings
* CSE Federal Credit Union
* Christian Community Credit Union
* Chrome Federal Credit Union
* Community First Credit Union
* Cornerstone National Bank
* Corning Credit Union
* Desert Schools Federal Credit Union
* Financial Partners Credit Union
* 1st Financial Federal Credit Union
* First South Financial
* General Electric Credit Union
* Gorham Savings Bank
* Great Lakes Credit Union
* Hastings City Bank
* Haven Savings Bank
* Heritage Family Credit Union
* INOVA Federal Credit Union
* Keesler Federal Credit Union
* Kern Federal Credit Union
* Los Angeles Federal Credit Union
* Montgomery County EFCU
* Mutual Security Credit Union
* Nutmeg State Financial Credit Union
* Pacific Marine Credit Union
* Point Loma Credit Union
* Point West Credit Union
* PrimeTrust Financial Federal Credit Union
* Provident Credit Union
* SEFCU
* St. Landry Bank & Trust Company
* Summit Community Bank
* Truity Credit Union
* University Federal Credit Union
* Vantage Credit Union 
* Achieva
* Alcoa Tenn Federal Credit Union
* American Heritage Federal Credit Union
* Bangor Savings Bank
* Bridgewater Savings
* CSE Federal Credit Union
* Christian Community Credit Union
* Chrome Federal Credit Union
* Community First Credit Union
* Cornerstone National Bank
* Corning Credit Union
* Desert Schools Federal Credit Union
* Financial Partners Credit Union
* 1st Financial Federal Credit Union
* First South Financial
* General Electric Credit Union
* Gorham Savings Bank
* Great Lakes Credit Union
* Hastings City Bank
* Haven Savings Bank
* Heritage Family Credit Union
* INOVA Federal Credit Union
* Keesler Federal Credit Union
* Kern Federal Credit Union
* Los Angeles Federal Credit Union
* Montgomery County EFCU
* Mutual Security Credit Union
* Nutmeg State Financial Credit Union
* Pacific Marine Credit Union
* Point Loma Credit Union
* Point West Credit Union
* PrimeTrust Financial Federal Credit Union
* Provident Credit Union
* SEFCU
* St. Landry Bank & Trust Company
* Summit Community Bank
* Truity Credit Union
* University Federal Credit Union
* Vantage Credit Union 
My Tab S2 doesn't have NFC, so that's not really a surprise.
I think it depends on the issuer. My NFCU debit card goes through as a debit transaction, requests a pin and allows me the cash back option, which you don't get with credit cards. So Samsung Pay definitely passes the correct data for debit transactions, but I've heard some people with other banks/credit unions say their debit cards purchases don't ever go through as debit transactions using Samsung Pay. That might be the issue OP is having with his PNC debit card.
I use my debit card to get cash back all the time at Kroger, so debit transactions go through just fine on Samsung Pay. 
You do not ever have to use your Samsung Pay PIN on a terminal. The Samsung Pay PIN is for you to use as an alternative to fingerprint authentication. The PIN you are being asked for at Kroger is your PNC card PIN. I use my NFCU debit card at Kroger all the time without any trouble, I even get cash back on it. If your PNC PIN is not working with your debit card on Samsung Pay, you can bypass the pin by choosing credit, which is what Samsung Pay support recommends in that situation. Though, you should report the problem to PNC because if your PIN is not working for debit transactions, at some retailers, it's likely an issue with PNC's formatting/communication with those retailers.
You'll have to contact Citizens Bank and ask them to support Samsung Pay, and see if they have a time frame for offering support. In my experience asking on social media seems to get a quicker response.
Android Pay doesn't support as many cards but they offer temporary grandfathered support for cards specific users had on Google Wallet via Bancorp. This is a stop gap measure and this is why many Android pay users are confused about what cards Android Pay actually supports. It's unclear how long those grandfathered cards will continue to be supported, but support will end sometime since Google is having to pay twice the fees on those transactions, and likely having to take liability on fraudulent transactions as well. Also, this adds a fourth party (Bancorp) into the transaction. Google already injects themselves as a third-party. So with Android Pay you have two extra parties storing account data and generating tokens in the cloud. Samsung doesn't store your account data, and the tokens are generated on the phone. So security wise there is quite a difference between Samsung Pay and Android Pay.
Samsung Pay currently supports over twice the number of banks/issuers that Android Pay does and more are being added constantly.
Mobile devices are loaded with proprietary technology which can often differentiate one device from its competitors and offer value to the customer.  Unless you are obsessed with open standards, this is completely a non-issue. 
20% off gift cards until May 8

* Whole Foods
* Gap
* 1 800 Flowers.com
* Southwest Airlines
* Overstock.com
* Spa Finder Wellness 365
* TGI Fridays
Sounds good. We don't have the loyalty card feature yet either. I've been looking forward to both those features.
> I will say that the number of banks that Samsung Pay supports is bigger than I once remember, and that's impressive. t's still a small number compared to the amount of credit unions and banks that Apple Pay supports, however.

I agree, but you have to consider that there is a very low barrier for banks that currently support Apple Pay to enable Samsung Pay support, as the support for both relies on the same infrastructure from MasterCard/Visa. So while Apple currently has a very big lead in support, that gap is likely to close significantly over the next year. Part of Apples advantage was the big hype they generated when apple pay launched and that drove a lot of banks to sign up quickly thinking that it was going to explode in popularity. That's not exactly what has happened though, Apple Pay adoption has been quite slow and underwhelming considering the hype at launch. I'm willing to bet that when Samsung Pay's next numbers come out, it will be apparent that Samsung Pay has a larger attachment rate and a larger average transaction than Apple Pay does. That should influence more banks which are on the fence to offer support. Also, Samsung does not charge interchange fees to issuers like Apple Pay does, so that's yet another incentive to support Samsung Pay.

> I can't find anything that supports this. The most recent document detailing Samsung Pay in third party apps just says that it's a feature yet to be implemented as of April 6.

Well, to be honest, I don't know how soon this is coming to the U.S. version of Samsung Pay. But [the new Korean S7 commercial at 0:10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxHL-koljiI&feature=youtu.be) clearly shows In-App purchases, so I suspect it's already in the works for the U.S. 

As for NFC adoption for retailers, it's still very sluggish. I live in a major metropolitan area and there are many major retailers that don't have NFC terminals or if they do, they are disabled. Not to mention, the lack of support at smaller retailers. The problem with NFC adoption in the U.S. is that  1) It's optional, 2) It costs more in maintenance and service fees for merchants. 3) Neither Apple Pay nor Android Pay (the two major NFC only wallets) have good attachment rates, and neither have done a good job on educating the public how a mobile payment is more secure than swiping a card. They also can't seriously make the convenience argument when they have such limited acceptance. To make things worse, American's tend to be paranoid about mobile payments. So it going to be hard to convince people to use them without the convenience factor and right now Samsung is the only one that truly has that advantage. 
Yes, I have since closed my BoA account, but I had both Chase and BoA on Samsung Pay and both worked fine at Kroger when I was having trouble at kroger with my NFCU cards on Samsung Pay.
I just called customer service and I think they eventually transfered me to a department that deals with digital wallet issues. All my NFCU cards support Samsung Pay. Is that what you are asking? I did also report the issue to Samsung Pay support, but my credit union was pretty adamant that it was their problem.
>Well if it does have an inactive NFC it's not obvious from the design.

Some terminals don't have an obvious NFC reader, it's just located under the display and a NFC logo will pop up when your total is ready, and on some models that puts the NFC reader very close to the card reader. 

> I was wondering if the fact that you can't explicitly choose credit before initiating the handshake might be part of the problem?

That's also a possibility. I would try using it at regular checkout and see if you have the same problem. BTW, I don't ever have to chose credit when using my debit card at Kroger. I use my debit card via Samsung Pay to get cash back there all the time. 

One other issue could be bank related. When my credit union, NFCU, first added support I couldn't use my NFCU debit or credit card at Kroger and a couple of other retailers. I would always get a declined error. Yet, I could use my Chase credit card and BoA debit card there without a problem. So I reported it to NFCU and they told me it was a formatting/communication error on their part and it was fixed within two or three weeks. I haven't had trouble with those cards ever since.  
I
You seem to be under the impression that Samsung Pay doesn't support many debit cards. That's not true. Most of the major banks/issuers in the U.S. support Samsung Pay and in the past few months a ton of credit unions and community banks have added support. Also, it's up to banks to add support, Samsung can't force them, so if you want support from a particular bank, as a customer, you have to ask for it. And In-App purchases are coming soon to Samsung Pay... The Korean Samsung Pay app already has In-App purchases.
Is it possible that it has an inactive NFC reader close to the card reader? The NFC reader and the card reader could be close enough together that NFC engages first and produces the error. I've seen that happen at the Wendy's drive-thru terminals before, and MST only works if you are very careful about the placement of the phone. Otherwise their inactive NFC readers give a error. It think it said "unauthorized" on those terminals.
More than 80% of the credit card market in the U.S. support Samsung Pay, and more are adding support every day. Bank support for Samsung Pay is expanding very quickly. Larger Bank support for Apple Pay is great, but if you can only use it at a hand full of places that you regularly shop at, then it's pretty useless to most people. That's why the percentage of people with Apple Pay compatible phones who have have signed up for Apple Pay is very low, like about 6% when last reported. And much less actually continue to use it, so the attachment rate is very low. It's difficult to get in the habit of  using something when it doesn't work at 80% of the places you shop. With Samsung Pay, it works just about everywhere, so it's quite habit forming.
There aren't any self-checkout terminals at the Kroger I shop at, so I can't say for sure whether or not those work with Samsung Pay. I use Samsung Pay all the time at Kroger on the regular terminals and I also use the self-checkout terminals at Target, Tom Thumb, Home depot and Walmart without a problem that. What kind of plain card reader (not the EMV slot) do they have? One that you swipe like normal? Or one that you insert like at a gas pump?
He could have not set it up properly, or it could have been declined for insuffient funds. He might have not even have been using Samsung Pay. He could have been using Android Pay. I've seen people fumble and have trouble with Apple Pay too, does that mean it doesn't work? No it doesn't.
Samsung Pay works just fine with EMV enabled terminals. The authentication process of a Samsung Pay transaction bypasses the terminal completely, and is coded as "card present" which removes liability from the merchant under the new liability guidelines. So nothing about a terminal being EMV enabled makes a difference. It would also be extremely difficult for a retailer to block MST transactions . They would have to find out the blocks of account numbers each bank uses for their digital wallets and block all of those numbers, which would anger banks/issuers/customers and probably violate their merchant agreement. In otherwords, the problem you are having is not due to a merchant blocking MST transactions. Merchants like CVS have been known to disable NFC transactions to save money, but they can't disable MST transactions. If you accidentally hold your phone too close to the NFC reader at a merchant that is blocking NFC transactions, you'll get that kind of error. So be sure to hold your phone only over the card reader if the merchant doesn't accept NFC transactions. The issue you are having could also be a problem with your bank and/or with the POS of the merchant. What merchants are you having trouble at?
Samsung Pay works anywhere Apple Pay works. 
I've been using Samsung Pay as my primary method of payment since it was in beta in August and I can say with certainty that the failure rate is very low. So it could have been user error, or someone trying to use a NFC reader that is disabled. There are a lot of those... Looking at you CVS. I've probably spent $50,000+ via Samsung Pay in that time, mostly magnetic secure transactions, and it works at about 98% of places that I've tried. A whole lot more than Apple Pay ;)
The hold up is that Discover has to build out their own infrastructure since they can't use MasterCard/Visa infrastructure. Visa/MasterCard already had infrastructure to support mobile wallets, so Samsung Pay support is easy to work in. Discover did seem to be pretty quick to build out support for Apple Pay, so it could be that they painted themselves into a corner and have some kind of deal with Apple that is delaying their support for Samsung Pay.
That's Discover's fault. They are the ones who set that expectation with members who were inquiring. 
I'm not sure about MST integration, but Samsung pay in S. Korea already has integrated loyalty cards. MST integration could be part of the reason Samsung is forming these partnerships. 

On a side note, I had previously been using Android Pay to store my loyalty cards, but since I got my Gear S2, I've been using the FidMe app to use my loyalty cards via my Gear S2. It works pretty good. Though, it is barcode based and I've yet to see any coupons available to me, even though it has that function. I think it's a more EU focused app, but it still works good for what I use it for.
Last time I checked, Simple said they were looking into supporting SP, but didn't commit to a specific time frame. FYI, Chase and TD Bank both have reloadable cards that you can pick up at a branch and use with Samsung Pay, without the need to open an account.
I'm sure Samsung would license KNOX and MST tech for Nexus devices if Google showed interest, and paid the right price, of course.

To be honest, I find the relationship between Google and Samsung to be very odd. Samsung is by far the largest Android OEM, but Google doesn't seem very interested in leveraging Samsung's muscle, instead Google seems like they are quite wary of Samsung being too successful. It seems counter productive to android for Google to have this odd relationship with Samsung. There are genuinely many improvements to android that Samsung has made, which Google has been resistant to over the years.

Apple, on the other hand, Samsung's largest competitor, routinely sources Samsung for parts, memory, storage, displays and even fabrication of their SoC designs. That even includes the amoled displays for the upcoming iPhone 7. In that sense, Apple and Samsung almost appear to have a better relationship than Google and Samsung do and that's a shame.
Aside from it being accepted almost everywhere, like others have mentioned, Samsung Pay supports over twice the number of financial institutions as Android Pay. And unlike Android Pay, Samsung Pay doesn't store your account data or share it with third parties like Google does with Bancorp.
If you're using Package Disabler Pro, check what you have disabled. PDP is known to cause problems with Samsung Pay. Also, it won't work if you trip KNOX.
S7 edge.
Samsung Pay is probably more attractive to financial institutions in terms of acceptance and security and that might be playing a role in adoption.

Samsung Pay transactions don't involve third parties, have KNOX for security, a secure element in the phone to authenticate/generate tokens on the phone, and Samsung doesn't store any account data.

By comparison, Android Pay has to rely on host card emulation, doesn't have as robust of a security platform as KNOX,  tokens are generated in the cloud, and both Google and BANCORP store account data in the cloud. Fairly recently, people were even able to run Android Pay on rooted phones... No bank executive is going to approve of that.


They had been saying they would support SP before the end of Q1, so it looks like they missed that goal. But I suspect it won't be too much longer.
I know, but I was referring his mention of the Hangouts team. The Hangouts team doesn't have a good reputation as far as updating the Android version of the app. Whereas, the iOS version gets features and updates more often. I was just joking about that.
Lately, it has been every two weeks. 
I think he's being sarcastic ;) Hopefully, otherwise Android Pay users can expect a frequently updated iOS version of Android Pay with all the features that users on Android have been wishing for but never get (;ﾟ︵ﾟ;)
Yeah, I know. Most of the other banks were working earlier too. But Samsung officially announced support for these banks and credit unions in the app today. 
**The list in the side bar of supported banks is too long and has reached reddit's character limit and I can no longer add any more banks. I'm just going to link to the official list on Samsung's website in the side bar and I'll also add a wiki page with the full list.**

* A+ Federal Credit Union
* Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
* American 1 Credit Union
* Ballston Spa National Bank
* Congressional Federal Credit Union
* Consumers Credit Union
* First National Bank of Durango
* Greenville Federal Credit union
* Heritage Federal Credit Union
* Ideal Credit Union
* Island Federal Credit Union
* KeyPoint Credit Union
* IBM Southeast Employees Credit Union
* Metro Credit Union
* NIH Federal Credit Union
* North Country Community Credit Union
* Northrop Grumman Federal Credit Union
* RBCU
* Regions Bank
* Robins Financial Credit Union
* Schools Financial Credit Union
* TD Bank
* Velocity Credit Union
[$30 GIFT CARD FOR 3 PURCHASE OFFER](http://www.samsung.com/us/samsung-pay/gift-card/terms-and-conditions/?CID=AFL-hq-mul-0813-11000170)


Unfortunately, Discover is taking their sweet time at offering support. It's coming sometime this year. We just don't know when. 
In my experience, most places which have already enabled EMV on their terminals have opted NOT to activate NFC. EMV compliance is a requirement if the merchants don't want liability on fraudulent charges for chipped cards. Unlike in parts of Europe, where NFC is required, NFC in the U.S. is simply an option which many merchants view as too costly in comparison to the benefits. So even if the merchant has a terminal capable of NFC transactions, many merchants are skipping that option rather than spending money on activation and maintenance contracts. Even at my local Walgreen's, which happens to be an Apple Pay partner, there has been two NFC terminals which haven't been working for several months, yet Walgreen's hasn't moved to fix or replace those NFC readers. So it seems that even major Apple pay partners are not too concerned that the lack of functioning NFC readers is going to hurt their business.

This lack of concern about NFC by many merchants is understandable when you look at the attachment rate of Apple Pay users. It was recently reported that only 6% of people with Apple Pay capable phones had actually set it up, and much less actually use it on a regular basis. Then you have Android pay which has even lower adoption than Apple Pay, and probably an equally low attachment rate. part of the issue is that neither Apple Pay nor Android Pay users get to use it enough for it to become habit. Considering that, it's pretty easy to see why most merchants don't considered NFC as a priority. Being able to not worry about whether a merchant can justify the extra cost of NFC is a great benefit to using Samsung Pay. I'm probably close to $50,000 in transactions through Samsung Pay since August. That's next to impossible in Android and Apple Pay.  
That's basically what I said. Ultimately, Android Pay and Apple Pay users end up having their account data exposed to a much higher degree than Samsung Pay users do because of Android/Apple Pay's low acceptance in comparison to Samsung Pay. The only way to get around that issue would be for Android/Apple Pay users to restrict themselves only to places that offer NFC transactions. That option is not very practical for most people across the U.S. Also, on the subject of security, Android Pay is the only of the three major digital wallets that involves a both a third and fourth party (Google and Bancorp) storing your account data in the cloud. Neither Samsung nor Apple store this data. Additionally, Android Pay also generates tokens in the cloud, which is also less secure than the way both Samsung /Apple Pay generate tokens on the device. 
Yeah, I use Samsung Pay at Taco Casa all the time. Their card readers are on the screen facing the cashier, but within customer reach. I just tell the cashier that I'm using Samsung Pay, hold it over the reader and tell them to let me know when the payment goes through. Works like a charm and the cashiers are always amazed and asking how they can get that on their phone. I've also done this at other places with similar terminals like Jack in the Box and Wendy's
Shame/Harass your bank on social media. That seems to get their attention more than just calling or messaging customer service.
Capital One isn't happening any time soon, if ever. Discover will hopefully be ready to support Samsung Pay sometime soon.
BTW, one really great feature of using Samsung pay that most people overlook is that every transaction is tokenized, even at older terminals that don't support EMV chipped cards, or terminals that don't have EMV switched on. So your account data is never exposed the way it is if you use Apple Pay or Android Pay. With Apple Pay and Android Pay, you have to hope that a merchant supports NFC. If they don't support NFC, you have to hope that they have working chip readers, otherwise you are exposing your account data to the merchant and to possible skimmers. Since you can use Samsung Pay just about everywhere, your account data is exposed a lot less than if you were using Apple Pay or Android Pay.
Well, if you are going to a restaurant, you definitely need a card because it's not designed to be used where wait staff has to take it to terminal due to it's short timeout (10 seconds) after authenticating with your fingerprint or pin. Also, some places don't have a customer accessible terminal and I prefer not to hand my phone over to random cashiers (though, I do have 3 or 4 cashiers who I do trust at stores that I shop at regularly, and they know how to hold the phone over the reader after a quick tutorial). So, I usually carry one card. It works mostly everywhere else, though you may run into hiccups with certain merchants. For me, I only have two retailers right now that I've had issues at. I've had inconsistent experience at O'Reilly Auto Parts and at Lowe's. At Lowe's, it has only worked once for me and only at the terminals located at the front of the store, and I had to "swipe" twice to get it to work. But it always fails at the garden center and lumber terminals. This is likely due to a back end issue with their POS system that Lowe's needs to resolve. At O'Reilly, they have a mix of different terminals and it works on some terminals and not on others, this is likely due to those terminals not having their firmware updated recently to handle the extra track data that Samsung Pay passes. In any case, I'm able to use Samsung Pay at about 98% of the places that I go.
US.
The article says it will be supported soon, so I'm not sure if you can add the cards yet. Let us know when you get it registered and working. 
Considering that every person that I know with an iPhone has a cracked screen or has had to fix theirs (some multiple times), I don't think the S7 edge is alone in being somewhat fragile. A good case will go a long way in protecting it, but it really depends on what it hits and at what angle. I use a [Luvvit Clear Grip case](http://www.luvvitt.com/accessories/samsung/galaxy-s7-edge-case-1/luvvitt-clear-grip-galaxy-s7-edge-case-slim-transparent-tpu-rubber-case-clear.html) on my S7 edge and I love it ( ͡ᵔ ͜ʖ ͡ᵔ ) It offers excellent corner protection without being too bulky or changing the look of the phone too much.
My guess is that I didn't center my phone on my charger and removed it in the morning thinking that it was fully charged. Either that, or my cat knocked it off center during the night. So later when I got a low battery alert (I've never had one with this phone) I thought that there was something wrong. I guess my past experience with Google making some server side changes that screw up my battery life had me kind of paranoid. Anyway, all is back to normal. I just have to be careful about drunkenly putting my phone off center on my charger.
Another user got this popup http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg which includes S6 and newer devices.
Most likely not, unless you have purchased a new phone since then. Activating on a new phone would likely be the only way you would also qualify for this promo. Though, if you do get a popup for this promotion, definitely give it a try to claim the offer.
At least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. So it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.
At least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. So it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for this. That seems pretty solid evidence that the original promo dates and terms still stand. have you actually claimed it yet?
~~No, apparently the terms and dates changed sometime this morning. click the link on this post and you'll see that they have changed the dates to March 11 - March 31. and limited it to S7 and S7 edge users. If you want this promo, I would hold off on making any purchases, until we are certain those revised dates are final.~~
~~I updated to reflect the new dates until we hear differently. To be honest, this wouldn't be the first time they changed the dates and terms at the last moment. If April 15 was really the start date, the promo would be visible by now and it's not. That leads me to believe that the dates have actually been changed.~~
~~The terms of service and dates have changes on the $30 gift card promo. YOU MUST NOT HAVE MADE A PURCHASE WITH SAMSUNG PAY PRIOR TO MARCH 11, 2016. The promo now runs from March 11 to March 31. The eligibility has also been limited to S7 and S7 edge users.~~

**Edit: At least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. So it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.**
~~The terms of service and dates have changes on the $30 gift card promo. YOU MUST NOT HAVE MADE A PURCHASE WITH SAMSUNG PAY PRIOR TO MARCH 11, 2016. The promo now runs from March 11 to March 31. The eligibility has also been limited to S7 and S7 edge users.~~

**Edit: There has been conflicting information about the promotion dates, but at least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. Perhaps the revised terms in the original link refer to an upcoming offer for S7 and S7 edge users only??? In any case, it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.**
~~The terms of service and dates have changes on the $30 gift card promo. YOU MUST NOT HAVE MADE A PURCHASE WITH SAMSUNG PAY PRIOR TO MARCH 11, 2016. The promo now runs from March 11 to March 31. The eligibility has also been limited to S7 and S7 edge users.~~

**Edit: At least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. So it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.**
~~The terms of service and dates have changes on the $30 gift card promo. YOU MUST NOT HAVE MADE A PURCHASE WITH SAMSUNG PAY PRIOR TO MARCH 11, 2016. The promo now runs from March 11 to March 31. The eligibility has also been limited to S7 and S7 edge users.~~

**Edit: At least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. So it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.**
~~The promo now runs from March 11 to March 31. The eligibility has also been limited to S7 and S7 edge users.~~

**Edit: At least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. So it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.**
~~Yeah, looks like they changed the terms of service. They also pushed the start date to March 11.~~

**Edit: At least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. So it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.**
I don't think the college hippy meme, or whatever it's called, is what best fits with this line of thought. It's usually the prissy, kept women that have this kind of double standard about men staying home to take care of children.
I'm not sure since I'm not eligible. Check your events tab and check to see if you have any personalized offers. It could also be that they just haven't rolled out the promo yet. They have had delays in rolling out promos in the past. Either way, you should be covered once the promo is available and the purchases don't have to be at different stores.
I have a Bluetooth headset that I use with both my phone and tablet and a couple of nights ago while I thought it was connected to my tablet, I made an unintended call when I was turning on the headset. It redialed the last number which happened to be my mother and it was about 12:30AM. I apologized and then made sure to disable calling with the headset on my phone. 
I don't use PDP, but I'm moderator of the Samsung Pay subreddit and I've seen this problem by a lot of unsuspecting users who then later can't figure out why Samsung Pay stopped working. In some cases, the Samsung Pay would continue to work but had problems when the next update was installed. So these users would not connect the problem to PDP. I agree that people shouldn't just be applying the disable all bloat option without knowing exactly what it does, but considering the number of people who have had this problem, the developer should be aware of it by now.
Is PDP still disabling Samsung Pay when you use the disable all bloat option? I've seen a lot of people have problems with Samsung Pay as a result of using  PDP. Samsung Pay is not exactly bloat, that's a major feature of the phone to which there is no comparable alternative. Android Pay supports less than half the cards Samsung Pay does, and is not accepted anywhere near the number of places (in the U.S.) that Samsung Pay is. PDP shouldn't be disabling a major feature like that without warning users about it.
Chase Liquid refillable Visa cards purportedly work with Samsung Pay, according to some Samsung Pay users. You can pick those up at any Chase Branch. I think you have to put a minimum $25 on the card initially to get it, then if you keep using it, they charge you a $5 monthly service fee. So if you are in a position where you don't want to open a new bank account, or credit card, but still want to use Samsung Pay, that might be a good option for you.
You'll be able to choose from Best Buy, eBay, Game Stop or Regal Entertainment gift cards.
OP is probably an iPhone user. That emoji looks worried on the iPhone.
I don't currently have any offers. http://imgur.com/szzWnSl

Edit: If you have an offer, let us know about it.
I have three cards on Samsung Pay. The promotions are not per card, they are per Samsung Account. The wireless chargers and $100 credit were claimed with my Note 5, the $30 gift card was claimed with my S7 edge. 
It's tough to say. Maybe there will be another promotion in a couple of months, or we may not see another promotion of this type until the Note 6 is released. I don't think it's a good idea to skip promos that you are eligible for because there is no guarantee when the next promo will be, or that you'll be eligible for it. I've received two wireless chargers, a $100 credit and a $30 gift card for using Samsung Pay. I've filed a claim for every promo I've been eligible for and that has worked out great for me. I can't guarantee that there isn't something better around the corner, but I don't think the mere possibility of something else around the corner is worth giving up promotions that you are eligible for now. Their major promotions are going to likely coincide with their releases, so I think this promotion is just a last chance for people who happened to miss out on the previous promotion.
I see no reason why you shouldn't be eligible. I've received 2 wireless chargers, the $100 credit, and the $30 gift card. So qualifying and claiming a previous promotion doesn't necessarily disqualify you from future promotions. 
It's for people who have registered to use Samsung Pay, but haven't actually used it. If you haven't actually used Samsung Pay, you should be eligible.
Then you shouldn't have had the problem that I mentioned. Did you ever try contacting Samsung Pay support about it? 
What kind of error are you getting?
What kind of card?
Some people had that problem and it seemed to be linked to their bank not sending transaction alerts to the Samsung Pay app. Do you normally get transaction alerts, and do your transactions show up in the Samsung Pay app? If not, you need to find out why your bank isn't sending that information. Those alerts are what trigger eligibility for these kind of promotions.
If you wait, you may not be eligible for the next promotion.
You may not be eligible for the next promo.
That doesn't necessarily mean that you'll be disqualified. For the last gift card promo, I got the code instantly when the promo went active even though the rules said it was supposed to happen after I made a purchase beyond that date. So my pre-promo purchases qualified me. I can't guarantee that will happen in your case, but it's possible that your previous purchase could just end up being counted as one of your three purchases.
I see, that's weird. Hopefully they'll follow through and get you your credit. I'd keep bugging them until they send it.
Not yet, but in-app purchases are in the works according to Samsung
It's a code you get in your email and you should have received it quite a while back. Try contacting prizelogic and see what they tell you. 
My advice is to take advantage of this promo if you are eligible. We don't don't know when the next promo will be, and you may also not be eligible for the next promo. 
You won't see it until tomorrow. The promo begins tomorrow. Just be sure to hold off on making a purchase until tomorrow.
In my experience with past promos, they often have a bit of a grace period. But I would hold off on anymore purchases until the promo starts tomorrow. Good luck.
The promo doesn't start until tomorrow. Some people still have time to register so that they will be eligible when the promotion goes live tomorrow.
I'm not trying to rush people, I'm posting this so that people who want to can still register before the promo begins. Otherwise, people are not going to be aware of this until the promo begins tomorrow and by then it will be too late to register. This promo is aimed at people who have already registered, but have not actually made purchases with Samsung Pay, so there is a limited window to be eligible for this.
Great! Just be sure to hold off on purchasing anything until the promotion goes active tomorrow. 
You must make your first 3 purchases with Samsung Pay (dollar amount doesn't matter) from ~~4/15 - 5/10~~ 5/11-5/31 or while supplies last. ~~So if you haven't registered for Samsung Pay and want to be eligible for this promo do it NOW! **Register Samsung Pay now, if you haven't already, but  DO NOT make a purchase using Samsung pay until the promotion goes active tomorrow 4/15.**~~  *Bank of America debit cards and private label cards (Synchrony Financial) are not eligible for this offer. You can chose a $30 gift card from Best Buy, eBay, Game Stop or Regal Entertainment. 

Edit: The dates have been changed on the terms of service to 5/11 - 5/31. They have also change the eligible devices to S7 & S7 edge.


BoA credit cards should work. Amex will work too. 
Yeah, I've been using Always on Display since I got the phone when if first released, so I don't think that's the issue. I usually have at least 25% battery in the evening when I put my phone to charge. Today was a bit unusual in that I pulled it off the charger quite late around 10AM and didn't really use it until I noticed that the battery was low a couple of hours later. I did turn off my Always on Display and my phone is charging right now at 82%, so well see if it continues.
You must make your first 3 purchases with Samsung Pay (dollar amount doesn't matter) from ~~4/15 - 5/10~~ 5/11-5/31 or while supplies last. ~~So if you haven't registered for Samsung Pay and want to be eligible for this promo do it NOW! **Register Samsung Pay now, if you haven't already, but  DO NOT make a purchase using Samsung pay until the promotion goes active tomorrow 4/15.**~~  *Bank of America debit cards and private label cards (Synchrony Financial) are not eligible for this offer. You can chose a $30 gift card from Best Buy, eBay, Game Stop or Regal Entertainment. 

Edit: The dates have been changed on the terms of service to 5/11 - 5/31. They have also change the eligible devices to S7 & S7 edge.
You must make your first 3 purchases with Samsung Pay (dollar amount doesn't matter) from ~~4/15 - 5/10~~ 5/11-5/31 or while supplies last. ~~So if you haven't registered for Samsung Pay and want to be eligible for this promo do it NOW! **Register Samsung Pay now, if you haven't already, but  DO NOT make a purchase using Samsung pay until the promotion goes active tomorrow 4/15.**~~  *Bank of America debit cards and private label cards (Synchrony Financial) are not eligible for this offer. You can chose a $30 gift card from Best Buy, eBay, Game Stop or Regal Entertainment. 

Edit: The dates have been changed on the terms of service to 5/11 - 5/31. They have also change the eligible devices to S7 & S7 edge.

**Edit 2: There has been conflicting information about the promotion dates, but at least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. Perhaps the revised terms in the original link refer to an upcoming offer for S7 and S7 edge users only??? In any case, it seems that the terms and date have not changed. Sorry for the confusion.**
You must make your first 3 purchases with Samsung Pay (dollar amount doesn't matter) from ~~4/15 - 5/10~~ 5/11-5/31 or while supplies last. ~~So if you haven't registered for Samsung Pay and want to be eligible for this promo do it NOW! **Register Samsung Pay now, if you haven't already, but  DO NOT make a purchase using Samsung pay until the promotion goes active tomorrow 4/15.**~~  *Bank of America debit cards and private label cards (Synchrony Financial) are not eligible for this offer. You can chose a $30 gift card from Best Buy, eBay, Game Stop or Regal Entertainment. 

Edit: The dates have been changed on the terms of service to 5/11 - 5/31. They have also change the eligible devices to S7 & S7 edge.
You must make your first 3 purchases with Samsung Pay (dollar amount doesn't matter) from 4/15 - 5/10 or while supplies last. ~~So if you haven't registered for Samsung Pay and want to be eligible for this promo do it NOW! **Register Samsung Pay now, if you haven't already, but  DO NOT make a purchase using Samsung pay until the promotion goes active tomorrow 4/15.**~~  *Bank of America debit cards and private label cards (Synchrony Financial) are not eligible for this offer. You can chose a $30 gift card from Best Buy, eBay, Game Stop or Regal Entertainment. 

~~Edit: The dates have been changed on the terms of service to 5/11 - 5/31. They have also change the eligible devices to S7 & S7 edge.~~

**Edit 2: At least one Samsung Pay user got an offer pop-up with the original offer dates and terms. http://i.imgur.com/HatlDqm.jpg April 15th to May 10. So it seems that the terms and date have NOT changed. Sorry for the confusion.**
I really haven't been using my phone much today. Pulled it of the wireless charger at around 10AM then by 12:30PM I got a low battery alert. The phone was 100% charged when I pulled it off the charger. I'm not really sure what would be causing such excessive drain. I did get a warning today that the Discover card app had given 10 errors in the past few days and I set it to not start automatically to save battery as recommended. But I'm having a hard time believing that my Discover app drained the battery that quickly.

Edit: Charged up my phone and it seems to be discharging at a normal rate.
Nope.
When I see the Apple grinning face with smiling eyes emoji I immediately think of this http://imgur.com/mwbY1po  I think that's a terrible representation if it's supposed to display positive emotion.


This article shows the white version. http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_gear_s2_band_adapter_now_available_for_purchase-blog-17705.php 

I do think I'll wait to see if these will release soon. If casemate made both brown and black leather bands, I would probably have purchased both.
Is the white version actually white or it is stainless steel in color? It looks silver to me, like it matches the stainless steel on the white S2. Now I'm caught between waiting for these to be available and getting the casemate leather band.
I tested it for a few minutes, then went back to using Relay.
That might be a good idea seeing that your phone is still having trouble seeing that you have inserted a new SD card. If worse comes to worse, you might have to factory reset to eliminate the problem. It seems that, while it's possible to encrypt your SD card, doing so may introduce some undesirable glitches.
You never said if you had moved apps to the first card you had installed. If you did, your phone is going to expect that the SD card still has those app on it. Could that be part of the issue?
Seems odd.  On a side note, encrypting your SD card is really not a good idea. It defeats the purpose of removable media and ensures you will not be able to recover that data if something goes wrong. Having said that, are you certain that your SD card is seating well in the card tray? I know some people have had some trouble with their SD cards unmounting because they are not seated well. Also, did you have apps moved onto your original SD card? If so, have you deleted those apps?
Depending on the terminal type the NFC reader might be very close to the card reader. Unfortunately CVS has their NFC readers on, but set to reject transactions. That means if you hover too close to the NFC reader, you will get a declined transaction. So when using Samsung Pay at CVS be mindful to keep your phone away from the NFC reader. I use MST at CVS all the time without any trouble.
Any time you use Samsung Pay, NFC is toggled back on even if you have it off. Samsung did this to make it fool proof for people who might have turned off NFC. 
I don't think Samsung has said anything official beyond what they announced at Unpacked 2016. They said Samsung Pay would come to the UK sometime in 2016. The March 16 date some places were throwing around was an unsubstantiated rumor based on the release of the S7 & S7 edge.
In the US, Samsung Pay currently supports over twice the number of banks and credit unions that Android Pay does. That's a pretty big difference. I'm sure we'll see a difference in supported banks in places like the EU as well as other non-EU countries adding support this year.
Samsung Pay uses NFC as well. So it has practical use in countries with high NFC adoption. It also has an arguably better UI than Android Pay. The problem is that the phone has to be set to the correct region to use Samsung Pay and international models are not for the U.S. market. So if you buy an international model, don't expect to use Samsung Pay on it in the U.S.
The signal on T-Mobile is fine for me with my Note 5 and S7 edge, the iPhones are the ones that struggle to pull in a good signal half the time. My family are entrenched in Apple's ecosystem, like a lot of other people, so they would rather stick with a shitty signal and poor battery life than to use a non-Apple device. That's their problem, though, not mine.
If you don't like the phone, don't keep it. I haven't use a regular S7, but my S7 edge is the best phone I've every used. Awesome display, very snappy performance, fantastic battery life, water and dust resistance, fast wireless charging, gorgeous to look at, feels great in hand, Samsung Pay blows away both Android Pay and Apple pay and GearVR is affordable and awesome. 
I've seen the opposite with my family's iPhone 6s. They have terrible battery life and a weak signal compared to my galaxy phones. I think the weaker signal on the iPhone is actually draining the iPhone batteries quite quickly. Maybe if you are always in an area with a great signal this would be less of a problem for the iPhone, but most people aren't in an area with great coverage all day long.
Agreed, iPhone antennas are terrible and it really impacts the battery life. My Note 5 and S7 edge swim circles around my family's iPhone 6s in both battery life and signal strength. I can make calls and get a data signal in places that they can't and they are constantly charging their phones.
Android Pay doesn't let you get cash back for some reason, but Samsung Pay does.
Okay, good luck. Let us know how you resolve your problem. Also, you can check out this video which shows the process for using Samsung Pay https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIzNgO68wK8&feature=youtu.be
It doesn't mater if it has a chip reader, it will work at both EMV and non-EMV terminals. It could be an issue with formatting between the merchant and Wells Fargo. Have you tried using it more than one merchant? If you are using a debit card, try selecting credit instead and see if that makes a difference. Samsung Pay support recommends selecting credit if a debit transaction fails. Some merchants POS have trouble processing debit transactions with the extra track data that Samsung Pay includes. If you are getting declined at multiple merchants, you need to contact Wells Fargo and report it and also report it to Samsung Pay support, but start with your bank first.
MST will continue to work, and will remain the most accepted form of secure payment in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. I use MST at EMV enabled terminals and non-EMV terminals everyday. The thing is that magstripe readers are not optional in the U.S. like they are in some other countries. Not every swipeable card in the U.S. will get a chip. There are millions upon millions of gift cards, pre-paid cards, private label credit cards, debit cards and government assistance cards that currently do not have chips and the majority of those will likely never get chips for the foreseeable future, due to the costs involved to the issuers in both production and infrastructure. There are also still tons of merchants who do not have EMV enabled on their terminals in spite of the liability switch. We had people here on reddit falsely claiming that the liability switch would be the death of the chipless card, and a sudden boom for NFC adoption... That has yet to happen and it likely won't for the foreseeable future. The reason other countries in Europe have been able to phase out magstripe card readers, is due to the fact that it was done by legislation and their cards have NFC built in, so they can use either a chip reader or tap their cards as an alternative. Our cards in the U.S. do not have NFC (very small number do) and people are paranoid about NFC on cards in the U.S. NFC is also not a requirement for merchants in the U.S., it's optional. Lastly, MST is now an industry wide recognized method of secure payment, just like NFC, so terminal manufactures and payment processors know that magstripe readers now have more function than to just swipe a plain old card and that the technology may be licensed in the future to other companies. I wouldn't be surprised if future terminals at some point have the MST logo displayed on them near the card reader. It will be a long time before MST loses it's usefulness here in the U.S.
Samsung Pay doesn't send plain card data like a spoofer. It sends a digital number which is tokenized, and device specific. It also contains a prefix and EMV like cryptogram which allow the processor to immediately recognize it as a Samsung Pay payment and authorize it. This makes it very secure, and it means that you can use a chipped card with Samsung Pay on an EMV enabled terminal without having to insert the card. The authorization is also instant, so you don't have to wait 10 seconds for the chip reader to authorize the transaction.
That doesn't mean much. There is a world of difference between the Note 4 fingerprint scanner and the Note 5 fingerprint scanner. One year can make a lot of difference in performance. Not to mention, Samsung is an entirely different company with a history of quickly iterating their hardware until they are at the top of the market.
I think I'm going to stick with Relay, I'm not really feeling this official app. Good start though, hopefully it will improve over time.
Yeah, same here. My approval email came today, but the account is still empty.

Edit: The $20 account warming credit is now showing. Still waiting on my card.
Calls sound amazing on my S7 edge. I've never had a phone with this level of clarity in calls.
This is why I prefer JOD to trying to sell my phones when I upgrade. Stuff like this makes a lot potential buyers wary of getting scammed, even if they do their best to make sure the phone is paid off and not blacklisted to begin with. This just makes it harder and harder to legitimately sell your phone. 
I've been very impressed with the call quality on my S7 edge. It's been the best quality I've ever experienced on a phone. 
Yes, Spain and the UK for sure. I'm sure other countries as well. Payment processors and banks have to be ready to support it before they can launch. 
Yes, it was my GearVR!
Thanks. I added it to the list of supported institutions on /r/samsungpay
What Credit Union? There is sometimes a delay (even weeks to a couple of months) between the support being added and the announcement.
It's not really practical to use Samsung Pay at a restaurant where the wait staff has to take it to a terminal because it will timeout in 10 seconds, and even if they press retry, there is no guarantee they will know how to hold the phone over the reader. If they have wireless terminals (many restaurants now do) that they bring to the table, then you're all set and paying with Samsung Pay is no trouble. Otherwise, carry a card for restaurant use. 

As for why they put the terminals behind the counter... It may have to do more with merchants who have not met compliance with EMV for chipped cards. Those merchants who don't have active chip readers are now liable for fraudulent purchases made at their terminals with cards that are chipped. They may think that having the customer hand them over a card is less risky for them somehow. Though, they really just need to come into compliance so they don't have to worry about being liable for fraudulent purchases. Any Samsung Pay payment, NFC or MST is 100% safe for any merchant because the liability does not ever fall on the merchant, even if that merchant is not EMV compliant. So accepting Samsung Pay is less risky for them than just swiping their customers cards. Though, I suspect that most merchants who are not EMV compliant are ignorant of that fact.
Of course there are some merchants who do this, but in my experience, the vast majority have customer accessable terminals. 

I have three approaches for this situation. First, I take note of where the terminal is. If I can reach and hold my phone over the card reader without too much trouble, I'll ask if I can use Samsung Pay and tell them I'm going to hold my phone over their card reader. Most cashiers will agree and be surprised when it works. 

If the terminal is out of reach, in most cases I'll just pull out my card. Though, for a couple of merchants where I know the cashier and trust them not to drop my phone, I'll put it in payment mode and allow them to hold it over the card reader. This method requires a bit of a tutorial first, but I have about three or four cashiers who know me well enough to know this is how  I pay and are pros at holding my phone over their card readers.
Looks good. Where did you get this case?
That's more encouraging than what they have said before.
That's not likely to happen anytime soon. Capital one seems to be happy being an Apple Pay only shop.
There is no need to be negative about smaller institutions adding support. It's up to each bank or issuer to add support for Samsung Pay. These credit unions and banks adding support have nothing to do with Discover taking their sweet time. If anything it emphasizes that Discover are not putting out a very good effort if all these small credit unions and community banks can add support before Discover can. 
Samsung Pay (108 institutions supported)

* AchievaCU
* Affinity Federal Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* Alliant [NEW 4/5/16]
* Altra Federal Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* Amegy Bank
* America's Credit Union [NEW]
* America First Credit Union
* American Express
* Arizona Federal [NEW]
* Associated Bank
* Austin Telco Federal Credit Union [NEW]
* Bank-Fund Staff Federal Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Bank of America
* Bank of England [3/29/16]
* BankPlus [NEW 3/1/16]
* Bayport Credit Union
* Benchmark Federal Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* Beneficial Bank [New 3/3/16]
* Bethpage Credit Union
* BHCU [NEW 3/29/16]
* BlackHawk Community Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* Boeing Employees Credit Union [NEW]
* California Bank & Trust
* Cambridge Savings
* Centier [NEW 4/5/16]
* Central Minnesota Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* CFE Federal Credit Union
* Charlotte Metro Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* Chase
* Citi
* Citizens Bank & Trust [NEW 4/5/16]
* Citizens Equity First Credit Union
* Citywide Banks [NEW]
* Connex Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* Dominion Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Dupaco Community Credit Union [NEW 2/4/16]
* Evansville Teachers Federal Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Fairwinds Credit Union [NEW]
* Fannin Bank [NEW 2/16/16]
* Fidelity Bank [NEW 3/29/16]
* Financial Center FCU
* First Citizens Bank [NEW 3/1/16]
* Founders Federal Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* Georgia Heritage Federal Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Georgia United Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* Golden West Credit Union [NEW]
* Greater Kinston Credit Union
* Greater Texas Federal Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* GTE Financial [NEW]
* Henrico Federal Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* IBM Southeast Employees Credit Union [NEW 3/24/16]
* Idaho Central Credit Union [NEW]
* Justice Federal Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* KCT Credit Union [NEW] 
* Kemba Credit Union [NEW 2/27/16]
* Kern Schools Federal Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* KeyBank
* Keypoint Credit Union
* Cooperativa Latino Credit Union [NEW]
* Local Government Federal Credit Union [NEW]
* Marine Federal Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* Mayo Employees Federal Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Michigan State University Federal Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* Mountain America Credit Union [NEW 1/29/16]
* NuMARK Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* NCPA Federal Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* Navy Federal Credit Union
* Nusenda Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Numerica Credit Union
* Old National Bank [NEW 3/29/16]
* Oregon Community Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Partners! Federal Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* People's United Bank [NEW 2/16/16]
* PenFed
* Pinnacle Financial Partners [NEW 4/5/16]
* PNC
* Provident Credit Union [NEW 3/1/16]
* Randolph-Brooks Federal Credit Union
* Redwood Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* San Mateo Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Security Service Federal Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* Safe Credit Union [NEW]
* Security Service Federal Credit Union
* Simmons Bank [NEW 4/5/16]
* Star One Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* State Employees’ Credit Union
* States Department Federal Credit Union [NEW 2/16/16]
* Suncoast Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* SunTrust
* Synchrony Financial (Countless Private Label Cards)
* TCF Bank
* The Bank [NEW 3/1/16]
* The Bank of Commerce (Idaho) [NEW]
* TruWest Credit Union [NEW 3/29/16]
* Trustone Financial [NEW 2/16/16]
* United Nations Federal Credit Union [NEW]
* US Alliance Financial [NEW 2/16/16]
* USBank
* USCCU
* UW Credit Union [NEW 4/5/16]
* Utah Community Credit Union
* Virginia Credit Union
* Vinton County National Bank [NEW 4/5/16]
* VyStar Credit Union [NEW]
* Wells Fargo [NEW 3/1/16]
* Wes Banco [NEW 2/16/16]
* Wings Financial Credit Union [NEW 3/1/16]


Android Pay (50 institutions supported)

* American Express
* America's Credit Union
* America First Federal Credit Union
* Arizona Federal Credit Union
* Austin Telco Federal Credit Union
* Bank of America
* The Bank of Commerce
* Boeing Employees Credit Union
* Central Minnesota Credit Union
* Central Florida Educators Federal Credit
* Charlotte Metro Federal Credit Union
* Citi
* Citywide Banks
* Connex Credit Union, Inc.
* Discover
* Dupaco Community Credit Union
* Financial Center Federal Credit Union
* Georgia United Credit Union
* The Golden 1 Credit Union
* Goldenwest Federal Credit Union
* Greater Kinston Credit Union 
* GTE Federal Credit Union (PSCU)
* Henrico Federal Credit Union 
* Idaho Central Credit Union
* Kane County Teachers Credit Union
* Kern School Federal Credit Union
* Latino Community Credit Union
* Local Government Federal Credit Union
* M&T Bank Corporation
* Mountain America Federal Credit Union 
* Navy Federal Credit Union
* Numerica Credit Union
* Old National Bank
* PSCU
* PNC
* Redwood Credit Union (PSCU)
* Regions
* SAFE Credit Union
* State Department Federal Credit Union (PSCU)
* State Employees' Credit Union
* TCF Financial Corporation
* TD Bank US Holding Company
* Umpqua Bank
* USAA
* US Alliance Federal Credit Union (PSCU)
* US Bank
* Utah Community Federal Credit Union
* Vystar Credit Union
* Wells Fargo
* Wings Financial Credit Union



It looks like he had the beauty face filter on which softens the skin tone a lot. It think it's on by default for selfies on the S7. If you turn it off, you get a lot more detail on your skin.
Don't expect it. They have indicated that they have no plans to support Samsung Pay or Android Pay. They seem to be intent on only supporting Apple Pay.
* Alliant
* Bank-Fund Staff Federal Credit Union
* Centier
* Citizens Bank & Trust
* Dominion Credit Union
* Evansville Teachers Federal Credit Union
* Georgia Heritage Federal Credit Union
* Mayo Employees Federal Credit Union
* Nusenda Credit Union
* Oregon Community Credit Union
* Partners! Federal Credit Union
* Pinnacle Financial Partners
* San Mateo Credit Union
* Simmons Bank
* Suncoast Credit Union
* UW Credit Union
* Vinton County National Bank

Edit: In addition, as per a Samsung Pay user /u/bptba93/, Meritrust Credit Union in Wichita, KS is now supported but has yet to be announced officially. There may also be other banks and credit unions which have recently added support, but have yet to be officially announced.
* Alliant
* Bank-Fund Staff Federal Credit Union
* Centier
* Citizens Bank & Trust
* Dominion Credit Union
* Evansville Teachers Federal Credit Union
* Georgia Heritage Federal Credit Union
* Mayo Employees Federal Credit Union
* Nusenda Credit Union
* Oregon Community Credit Union
* Partners! Federal Credit Union
* Pinnacle Financial Partners
* San Mateo Credit Union
* Simmons Bank
* Suncoast Credit Union
* UW Credit Union
* Vinton County National Bank

Edit: In addition, as per a Samsung Pay user /u/bptba93/, Meritrust Credit Union in Wichita, KS is now supported but has yet to be announced officially. There may also be other banks and credit unions which have recently added support, but have yet to be officially announced.
* Alliant
* Bank-Fund Staff Federal Credit Union
* Centier
* Citizens Bank & Trust
* Dominion Credit Union
* Evansville Teachers Federal Credit Union
* Georgia Heritage Federal Credit Union
* Mayo Employees Federal Credit Union
* Nusenda Credit Union
* Oregon Community Credit Union
* Partners! Federal Credit Union
* Pinnacle Financial Partners
* San Mateo Credit Union
* Simmons Bank
* Suncoast Credit Union
* UW Credit Union
* Vinton County National Bank

Edit: In addition, as per a Samsung Pay user /u/bptba93/, Meritrust Credit Union in Wichita, KS is now supported but has yet to be announced officially. There may also be other banks and credit unions which have recently added support, but have yet to be officially announced.
Updates usually cause a phone to warm up a bit immediately during and after the update. I'm just getting my update now, my phone is a bit warmer than usual now during the update.
When it comes to glass, higher scratch resistance = more brittle and easier to shatter. With a mobile device you have to find a good medium. That's why Gorilla Glass 4 is actually a little easier to scratch than Gorilla Glass 3, but it's more shatter resistant. You could use sapphire crystal for the best scratch resistance, but it would shatter ( quite horrifically) if dropped. Anyone who has dropped their watch with sapphire crystal can attest to how explosively it shatters.
That's good to hear. What about the gap on the chin? Does it seem very noticeable? My friend was thinking about getting one even though he hadn't seen one in person. I warned him about possible build quality issues after seeing some of the reviews.
How long does it take for approval on the application? I applied like 3 days ago and they still haven't approved my application. 
About 6 months lately. Note 4 >S6 edge > Note 5 > S7 edge > and Note 6 as soon as it's released.
To be fair Erica Griffin's G5 really looked like shit and that's not even taking the display issues into consideration. Hopefully your wife's looks and functions better. This whole problem arose from G5 build quality issues. The fact that it has some kind of  thick proprietary painted finish, when they made it seem like it was a metal uni-body is just a secondary issue in my opinion. The bigger problem is the build quality.
I had a similar problem with my NFCU debit card when they first added support. NFCU told me it was some kind of formatting error they had with certain merchants. I reported every merchant that I had trouble with to NFCU and in less than a month they had fixed the problem. It also seems that there is something about debit transactions and the Samsung Pay track data that can cause hiccups at certain merchants. I think some merchant's POS are outdated and just not equipped to handle the extra track data and it therefore gives an error. If you can run you debit card as a credit card, that should prevent problems and that's what Samsung recommends in these situations. If there is no option on the terminal to select credit, you can try asking the cashier if they can run the transactions as a credit card, instead of debit card.
Since your bank is U.S. based, I'd call the U.S. support line 1-844-726-7297
I'm going to venture to say that's probably not ever going to work since your bank is US based and your phone is for another region. Have you talked to Samsung Pay support about this? 
Yeah, I'm not sure about NFC intitating first, but this is annoying with merchants that have NFC readers which are powered on, but set to refuse transactions. I had this problem at the Wendy's drive-thru terminals. The NFC and card readers are very close in one unit. When I would try to use MST, the NFC transaction would initiate and the transaction would get declined unless I was very careful about placing my phone in a very specific spot. Though, from a usability standpoint, I do understand why Samsung automatically initiates NFC.
Watch Erica Griffin's video and look at the visibly poor quality, then tell us you are okay with such terrible quality.
This explains the terrible, uneven look/quality on the back of Erica Griffin's G5. Also, isn't this phone going to scratch like crazy? it looks like the chin on the JerryRigEverything video already had a scratch in front. I know he wasn't being gentle with the phone at some points in the video, but that plastic coating seems pretty easy to scratch. 
Chase Liquid re-loadable Visa reportedly works with Samsung Pay, for those who use Samsung Pay. Though, they do have a $4.95 flat monthly fee.
That great to hear! Nice of your bud to help you.
Did Citi ever tell you if your card supports transaction notifications in the Samsung pay app? Have you considered resetting the Samsung Pay app, re-adding you card and doing a small transaction to see if it makes a difference?
Android users aren't trapped on one device, and one manufacture like iPhone users are. A lot of iPhone users are either heavily entrenched in the Apple eco-system, or aren't technically flexible enough to transition out of it, so non-Apple devices are not an real option for many iPhone users. Apple did a good job with vendor lock-in, but the situation on Android is quite different. There is a huge selection of Android devices with tons of competitive pricing/features to factor in. 9.5 Million S7 phones shipped in 20 days is nothing to scoff at, especially considering that Samsung is concurrently releasing several mid and lower end devices as well in various markets. I don't think Apple could compete nearly as well given the same market conditions.  
A lot of other companies have a reputation for making great products and don't get their products constantly promoted in the media the way Apple's products are. It's pretty naive to think that all that promotion is just happening by coincidence.
No, gift cards will not work, but supposedly (according to other users) Chase Liquid re-loadable cards are supported and you can pick them up at a local Chase branch. I think you have to load at least $25 on them and if you continue to use them there is a monthly service fee, so you'll have to make sure you are okay with that. Also, I don't know for certain if the Chase Liquid card sends transaction notification to Samsung Pay, so that could affect whether or not you get the Gift Card offer since the promotion is triggered by a transaction notification in the Samsung Pay app. So that's probably your best shot at still getting the gift card, but I can't tell you for sure if it will work. 
That's not a surprise, Apple is very good at manipulating the news media to hype up all their releases. Most other companies actually have to pay for their avertising to stay competitive.
What kind of card are you using? The promo, as you probably know by now, is activated when you get a transaction notification. Some banks and issuers don't send transaction notifications to the Samsung Pay app for certain cards. For example, the BoA debit cards do not get transaction notifications (Though, BoA cards are also excluded from this offer). I've seen some other people saying certain Citi cards were also not sending notifications. So It's really important for you to verify with your bank whether or not the card you are using supports those notifications on the Samsung Pay app. If it doesn't, you can contact Samsung Pay support and tell them that's why you aren't getting the promo offered to you and it's out of your control. If your card does support it, you know there is a problem with your bank. Either way, Samsung Pay support will likely not be able to verify this, so your bank is the one who is going to have to confirm it, or perhaps someone here using the same card can verify for you. Hopefully, you can get it resolved. Have you tried escalating the issue with Samsung Pay support?
No problem. Hope that helps with your troubleshooting.
With Samsung Pay, NFC switches on every time you initiate a payment, even if you have it switched off in your settings. So it's sending both NFC and MST signals on every transaction. If the NFC reader is very close to the card reader it's possible for the NFC method to initiate first. Some terminals do have the readers close enough that you could initate an NFC payment even though you were aiming for the card reader to use MST.
Considering that the S7 was released only 20 days ago, yeah, that's a lot.
One other thing... At one point I only had a BoA debit card on Samsung Pay and I would get failed transactions at specific merchants. When I added a couple of credit cards, I was able to use them at those merchants without a problem. So the issue at those merchants was with my BoA debit card, not Samsung Pay. If you have only one card on Samsung Pay it's kind of difficult to troubleshoot like that, but it's possible that it could be an issue specific to Wells Fargo, so it wouldn't hurt reporting it to them if you continue to have trouble.
I've personally have had no trouble using Samsung Pay at 711. You might have to play around with how you position your phone depending on the type/brand of terminal. Some times you get a better read if you hold your phone sideways along the edge of the card swiper. Also make sure you aren't using a case that could block the signal, like the ones with a metal plate for magnetic holders. It could also be that you ran into a terminal with a weak read head. That happens sometimes, not often, but sometimes. I've noticed some ingenco terminals have less sensitive read heads than others.

As for CVS, it sounds like you tried to pay using NFC. CVS has NFC readers, but they are set to refuse transactions and will give you the error you received if you try to use them. You have to use MST on the card reader at CVS. If for some reason it gets declined, try selecting credit instead of debit. In fact, you might want to run you debit card as credit most of the time to avoid hiccups with merchant POS that might have trouble with the track data Samsung Pay sends. 

I would try again at both places, as well as others, just to be certain it wasn't a glitch. Just make sure you put the phone in payment mode, where it's pulsing, before holding it up to the card reader... I heard of some people thinking they have to hold it to the card reader before initiating the payment with their fingerprint and that can make it difficult to position the phone correctly. 

If that doesn't help, call Samsung Pay support and report the trouble you are having.


What stores? What kind of error did you get? What kind of card are you using?
Yeah, Samsung Pay has a HUGE advantage over Android Pay and Apple Pay in the U.S. for the forseeable future.
I suspect several brokerage firms know more about S7 sales than you do ;)
That makes sense. Glad to hear that.
You are either using it wrong or have a defective device. It works at the vast majority of terminals.
You can use it anywhere you can swipe a card.
Yes, I agree Capital One is likely to remain an Apple only shop. They probably want Samsung to pay them a heft amount to add support and I doubt Samsung would ever do that.
Discover is adding support sometime this year, we just don't know when. 
It could be the region it's set for, or that KNOX is tripped.
Then, I would say it's likely a problem on BoA's part. I've made three transactions today with my credit union debit and credit card and the notifications and transaction history work just fine. 
* Altra Federal Credit Union
* Bank of England
* Benchmark Federal Credit Union
* BlackHawk Community Credit Union
* BHCU
* Fidelity Bank
* Founders Federal Credit Union
* Georgia United Credit Union
* Greater Texas Federal Credit Union
* Henrico federal Credit Union
* Kern Schools Federal Credit Union
* Justice Federal Credit Union
* Michigan State University Federal Credit Union
* NuMARK Credit Union
* Old National Bank
* Star One Credit Union
* TruWest Credit Union
* Altra Federal Credit Union
* Bank of England
* Benchmark Federal Credit Union
* BlackHawk Community Credit Union
* BHCU
* Fidelity Bank
* Founders Federal Credit Union
* Georgia United Credit Union
* Greater Texas Federal Credit Union
* Henrico federal Credit Union
* Kern Schools Federal Credit Union
* Justice Federal Credit Union
* Michigan State University Federal Credit Union
* NuMARK Credit Union
* Old National Bank
* Star One Credit Union
* TruWest Credit Union
* Altra Federal Credit Union
* Bank of England
* Benchmark Federal Credit Union
* BlackHawk Community Credit Union
* BHCU
* Fidelity Bank
* Founders Federal Credit Union
* Georgia United Credit Union
* Greater Texas Federal Credit Union
* Henrico federal Credit Union
* Kern Schools Federal Credit Union
* Justice Federal Credit Union
* Michigan State University Federal Credit Union
* NuMARK Credit Union
* Old National Bank
* Star One Credit Union
* TruWest Credit Union
* Altra Federal Credit Union
* Bank of England
* Benchmark Federal Credit Union
* BlackHawk Community Credit Union
* BHCU
* Fidelity Bank
* Founders Federal Credit Union
* Georgia United Credit Union
* Greater Texas Federal Credit Union
* Henrico federal Credit Union
* Kern Schools Federal Credit Union
* Justice Federal Credit Union
* Michigan State University Federal Credit Union
* NuMARK Credit Union
* Old National Bank
* Star One Credit Union
* TruWest Credit Union
Bank of America debit cards never showed transaction history or notifications. Though, their credit cards should. I'm not sure about PNC. You should call PNC and find out if they send this information to the Samsung Pay app. It took 3 or 4 calls to BoA before they told me that their debit cards don't support this feature.
>The only gripe so far is the lack of Bluetooth controller support. The play >station DS4 doesn't work which is a pain in the ass. The supported >controllers >cost more than a DS4, outrageous.

I got a MOGA Pro a while back for $9.99 from Verizon Wireless with free shipping. You can get some good deals if you keep an eye out.
They're probably holding out in hopes that Samsung will pay them to support it. Though, I doubt Samsung would ever do that.

As for Capital One, it isn't actually "supported" on Android Pay. Google is using a temporary stop gap measure so that people who were used to using cards like Capital One on Google Wallet can continue using them on Android Pay for the time being. It's unclear when this temporary support will end, but Google is likely taking all the liability on these transactions, not to mention paying a double fee for each transaction, so this is not really sustainable for Google to continue this. Also, it's not very secure either. The support is done through Bancorp and it basically works the same way it did on Google Wallet, with Google and Bancorp acting as third and fourth parties and via a virtual card number that is NOT issued by Capital One. That means you will not get the associated rewards/benefits/protections for purchases made with your Capital One using Android Pay and it basically amounts to being about as secure as making an online purchase with Google and Bancorp storing your real account data. All you can do is hope that this data is not breached because Capital One could claim you violated their terms by handing over your account information to Google and Bancorp and not cover fraudulent charges. You'd be stuck trying to get Google and Bancorp to cough up the money.

Hopefully it isn't delayed too long. I know a lot of people were anxiously waiting for them to add support. 
That's a good question. I think Discover's answer on that has evolved from "early 2016" to "some time in 2016". It's hard to say though, since these companies don't like to reveal too much information. I personally wouldn't count on Discover being ready with support by the end of the first quarter. 
I'm sure if Google threw a ton of money at them and played by their rules Samsung would license MST technology for Nexus devices. But when has Google ever made good choices in these kind of matters? If Samsung decides to license the technology to competitors, I suspect it might be at least a couple of years before we possibly see MST on other manufactures devices, that's a big if.
I don't know yet. I'll get it later this week.
The offer usually pops up when you get your first transaction notification, but you can open the app, click More>Events and click the promo and click on more details. If you are eligible you'll be able to claim your gift card. If you can't claim the gift card, it could be due to your bank/issuer not sending a transaction notification, or that you are using a card not eligible for the promo. If you didn't get a transaction notification and you used an eligible card, I'd call Samsung Pay support and tell them. Also, if that's the case, you'll want to contact your bank/issuer and find out why you aren't getting transaction notifications in Samsung Pay.
I got one and never used it. I was hoping at the time that Google would let you automatcally pull funding from whatever source you selected in Google Wallet. That would have been great, but since it basically just functioned like a prepaid debit card that had to be loaded up, it was pretty useless to me. Now, with Samsung Pay, it's even more useless to me.
The S7 is better than iPhone in auto mode. Pro mode on the S7 gives you even more flexibility. I don't see how anyone could consider that a bad thing or a plus for the iPhone.
Now switch to pro mode and you'll really see what the S7 can do.
I got a Geek Squad Certified refurbished Gear S2 today for $139. I used my free $30 ebay gift card that I got for using Samsung Pay, and the $95 I made today from selling my free GearVR (I already own a GearVR), and I ended up paying just $25 total with the tax for a Gear S2.
Same here. I already have a GearVR, so I sold mine for $95. Not bad. Didn't expect to sell it for that much.
You have to sign up for the FedEx delivery manager (free) and it will tell you if you have any packages coming. According to Samsung, it was supposed to ship April 1st.
Samsung Pay puts both Apple Pay and Android Pay to shame. It's worth getting a new bank or at least a new credit card to use it. You can get a Chase Liquid Prepaid Visa card and try it out. You'll quickly see how fantastic it is to securely pay just about everywhere with your phone. 
Thanks, that makes more sense than a random package from Time Warner.
I just noticed I have package scheduled for delivery tomorrow from FedEx. Only, it's marked as being from "Brightpoint c/o Time Warner Traffic Department" in PLAINFIELD, IN. The GearVR is the only package I'm expecting, so I'm going to assume FedEx has the "c/o Time Warner" part wrong on their website. 

Edit: It was my Gear VR!
The only thing I can think of that I'm expecting to ship soon via FedEx is my free GearVR from Samsung for ordering an S7 edge. I guess this could be it. Though, it's odd that FedEx has it labeled from "c/o Time Warner Traffic Department".
I'm going to start doing this when I cause any kind of problem. I'll explain it away as an unexpected drug interaction, but instead of Starbucks gift cards, I'll hand out small bags of Tostitos.
Doubtful. 
Users have reported that the Chase Liquid prepaid card works with Samsung Pay. Though, i think there is a $5 monthly service fee for using the card, so keep that in mind.
Maybe they combined the credits under one code? Have you applied it?
Same here! Ships April 1st! Got my Netflix code too, about $120
You expected your Note 4 to have an unreleased version of android before the Nexus devices that shipped with it were even released? Notes always have the latest RELEASED version of android. Samsung can't control Google's release schedule, or vice versa. How is Samsung supposed to ship a new version of Android before Google does?  
That's interesting. You should report that to Samsung Pay support. My guess is that they are a member of The Members Group and TMG misreported them as offering support, or possibly prematurely reported support. It could be that they have support coming soon and it has not been fully implemented yet.
Haven't noticed any difference between my Note 5 and S7 EDGE. Both get great reception, definitely better than iPhone 6s.
Nope. Galaxy phones have better radios than the iPhone. The S7's radio outperforms the iPhone 6s in recent tests and my family members who use iPhone 6s do not get nearly as good of a signal in the same locations as I do on my Note 5 and S7 edge. The same has been true for previous versions of Galaxy phones and iPhone we have owned. Even as far back as my Galaxy S2, it had a better radio than the iPhone.
This is no surprise since the Note series always has the latest released version of android.  Nevertheless, I'll be looking forward to upgrading to the Note 6 in the fall.
I haven't heard of anything like this happening before with a supported bank, please let us know what your bank says about it.
Yes the Samsung Pro and Pro+ are faster than those cards.
I doubt Google will effectively roll that out. That requires merchants to opt-in and have special hardware. Many merchants won't even activate the NFC readers that they already have. Samsung Pay doesn't require anything of merchant and doesn't involve providing your information to every cashier you encounter. 
If it's a problem with your bank communicating with the merchant, Samsung Pay support isn't going to be able to help you very much. Call PNC and report it. Report as much information about the time, location, type of terminals, as you can. For about a month after NFCU enabled Samsung Pay support both my NFCU debit and credit card would not work at certain retailers. I would get a declined error at Kroger and CVS and a couple of other places, which was really frustrating. I could use my Chase and BoA cards at those places via Samsung Pay without a problem. NFCU admitted it was their problem and it turned out NFCU had some kind of communication/formatting issue with those merchants as it pertained to Samsung Pay. The resolution wasn't instant, but it was eventually fixed. Keep in mind that NFC transactions are formatted differently than MST transactions, so a formatting error could affect one method and not the other. 
MST technology and all the secure authentication wizardry behind it is proprietary and Samsung is not going to hand it over without some hefty licensing fees. MST gives Samsung a huge advantage over other mobile wallets in markets like the U.S. where NFC adoption has been sluggish at best. There is very little reason for Samsung to give up that advantage at this time.
Because magstripe readers are not optional in the US, even on EMV terminals. Our cards are not all chipped and hardly any cards have NFC as they do in other countries. NFC is optional in the US and to a large part EMV has remained optional to both merchants and issuers who don't want to invest the money in EMV equipping their cards and terminals. A large number of credit cards, debit cards and government assistance cards still don't have chips and may not ever get them for the foreseeable future. So the plain old card reader will be with us for the foreseeable future and since Samsung has established MST as and industry standard via partnerships with payment processors, banks and terminal manufactures, it is also here to stay.  Furthermore, Samsung Pay works just fine with all EMV terminals. With Samsung Pay you don't have to sit and wait while the merchant terminal authorizes your chipped card, so it's much quicker. 
The banks/issuers are equipped to and normally issue their own tokens and do their own security checks. They dont need Google to do that. Both Samsung and Apple have stated that they do not collect/mine transaction data. Apple makes money by charging fees to the banks per transaction and Samsung is using Samsung Pay as a perk of owning a new Galaxy phone to drive sales. They both have made it clear that they are not tracking your purchases like Google. You may think that Google doesn't know what you are purchasing, but by looking at what you are searching for (and when you stop searching for it), where you are shopping, and how often, and by partnering with rewards/loyalty programs. They end up knowing a lot more than you think. That's fine if you agree to Google knowing this information, but it still adds a third-party into the mix that has both privacy and security implications.
Be sure not to lie on surveys, Google has checks to catch liars. 
I think there are multiple sources to verify this. One being [the Android Pay FAQ](http://industries.ul.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2015/10/Android-Pay-FAQ.pdf), also articles on both [Pocket-Lint](http://www.pocket-lint.com/news/135017-android-pay-explained-how-does-it-work-and-where-is-it-available), and [C|net](http://www.cnet.com/how-to/android-pay-phone-how-it-works/) mention it. I'm sure there are other sources as well. This is why Android Pay must have an internet connection to pull tokens from the cloud. If you don't have an internet connection and use Android Pay, it starts exhausting a limited number of reserve tokens stored on the device. Once you run out of those limited tokens, you can't perform anymore transactions unless you connect to the internet. This has nothing to do with verifying your available funds, but rather has to do with obtaining more cloud generated tokens. In contrast, with Samsung Pay and Apple Pay you can perform as many transactions as you want as long as you connect to the internet every 24-48 hours (which is a bank/issuer requirement). No bank/issuer would ever agree to allow a phone without a secure element to generate its own tokens. This is why Google uses cloud based HCE, though they clearly benefit from it by being a third-party in every transaction.
Samsung Pay, like Apple Pay, generates tokens via your bank and the secure element built into the phone. This data is not stored by Samsung. Android Pay uses host card emulation, with generates tokens in the cloud, so Google is a third-party in this process. This mean Google knows when, where and what amounts you are spending and how often. Just as it was with Google Wallet, having your transaction data mined is the cost of using Android Pay for free.
I'm not ignoring anything, just saying that GG 4 is even less scratch resistant than GG3 was. Obviously sand will scratch both.
Time for a Galaxy S7 so this won't happen again.
Contact T-Mobile for any troubleshooting. If that doesn't work, it should be within your return period. Insist that they let you return it and get a new one. If it's out of the return period, you might have to do a warranty claim. You can contact T-Force on Twitter if you have trouble getting it replaced for some reason.
Sounds like it could be a defective unit. Return it to wherever you purchased it and get a new one.
Sorry, don't know how I missed that.
Sand will easily scratch Gorilla Glass 4. Gorilla Glass 4 scratches easier than Gorilla Glass 3. This was the compromise made to make it more shatter proof. In general, the more scratch resistant glass is, the more brittle it is. This is why it's not really practical to have a phone display made from sapphire crystal. That would make it very scratch resistant, but it would also make it very brittle and prone to shattering. 
~~Comparison screenshots?~~ Nevermind, I see that there are some.
I'd be more concerned with what the sand will do to the display.
That's not going to happen. As far as banks, issuers and payment processors are concerned a rooted phone is a compromised phone. Samsung Pay would never get bank support if they allowed rooted phones to use Samsung Pay.
Coming from a Note 5 too and this camera is clearly superior on every way. 
I have the T-Mobile 820 S7 edge model and my battery life is fantastic compared to my Note 5 or my previous Note 4. There is also not a massive amount of bloatware.
If you think Android compares to iOS on optimization you are fooling yourself, and TouchWiz has nothing to do with that disparity.
Same here!
Thankfully I use Samsung Pay, which tokenizes my account info and makes it completely useless to card skimmers. 
Squaretrade letting their Apple partner bias show through.
This is going to result in a lot of down votes here on /r/android, but the only way Samsung's excellent hardware is going to be able to compete with iPhone/iOS head to head is to dump android and to use a more optimized internal OS. Android is a great OS when you are trying for maximum compatibility with tons of devices, but it is not a sleek and optimized OS. I know that's a hard pill to swallow for many android fans, but it's the truth. I honestly don't think it will be long before Tizen OS has progressed and optimized enough that Samsung will be offering it as an option on their flagships.
I stopped using my Capital One card when it became apparent that they have decided to be an Apple only shop. No loss on my part, they are easily the worst card I have. Same goes for my Barclay card. By next year I expect to cancel both my Capital One and Barclay card. The only reason I haven't cancelled both cards is the hit my credit score would take losing $37,000 in credit lines between the two. Thankfully, I've had increases in my credit lines on all my other cards that have almost made up for what I would lose with those two cards. My advice for those who have Capital One... Apply for credit with a better issuer. 
Looks good! Can I have a code too?
It will actually help with motion sickness because what your body will feel is more in tune with what it's seeing.
Good info. This can be helpful to a lot of people.
Chrome is really terrible in performance compared to Samsung Internet and Google should really be ashamed of that.
Sign me up!
No, just open the app, click on your AMEX, and there should be a list of transactions. If that transaction isn't listed, that's probably why you didn't get the  offer to claim your gift card. It seems that this offer is triggered when there is a transaction notification. You need to contact AMEX support and let them know your aren't getting transaction notifications in Samsung Pay and see if they can resolve that. Also, contact Samsung Pay support and let them know too so they can hopefully get you signed up for a gift card. 
Can you see the transaction in the Samsung Pay app?
What card did you use? Did you get a transaction notification in the Samsung Pay app?
Thanks for the info. Was it on AUTO or ON? I noticed HDR ON produces a greater effect than HDR AUTO does.
Yeah, I agree, if all you want is to claim the $30 gift card, that is a lot of effort. Hopefully your bank will soon support Samsung Pay. Be sure to contact them and ask them to offer support.
Normally, it should work just fine as a debit card, but it seems that some merchants have outdated backend POS that can't properly process a debit card with the Samsung Pay track data. As atehrani said, just try to run it as credit. The only time/place you might want to run it as debit is if you are at a store that offers cash back on debit card purchases and you are trying to get cash back. I get cash back all the time on my debit card using Samsung Pay at Kroger and CVS.  
Unfortunately not. Some people have even tried the prepaid USBank Visa and Citi prepaid cards and they don't work. Your best bet is to just to open a free checking account at a supported bank or credit union. At some banks and credit unions you can open a simple free checking account online for a small deposit and without a credit check, you just have to do your research on which are supported and have the best deal for you. Some banks and credit unions even let you get a temporary card the same day you open your account. Those temporary debit cards will work with Samsung Pay, you just have to make sure to replace it with your permanent card when you get it. 

Your other option is to apply for a supported credit card. The card will usually take a couple of weeks to arrive, but some issuers will send it much sooner if you'll pay for the expedited shipping.
Looks like HDR was off on the S7 edge. He should have specified what the settings were on each camera.
I'm not sure what setting the 6P has by default, but it looks like HDR was off on the S7 edge. He should have specified what the settings were on each camera.
That's odd. What version of the app are you using? Did you get an update yesterday?
Were you able to get Samsung Pay working?
What kind of card did you use? Did you get a transaction notification in the Samsung Pay app?
I think it's really the Samsung account that's going to matter. If you link both phones in the Samsung Pay app to the same Samsung login, you'll only be eligible for one gift card.
There's no link, you should get the offer to claim after your purchase. Open the app, go to events, click on the promo and see if you can claim it.
Well, you have to admit, a Galaxy S7s+ Mega Grand Prime Edge would be pretty great. ;)
You could probably use the same cards, but I imagine it would probably require a different Samsung account on each device.
I agree, my S7 edge battery out performs the battery on my Note 5, even with always on display.
Agreed. I use a Moga Pro Power controller with my GearVR and it works great.
That's great to hear! I haven't received a refund yet.
Maybe there is a delay in the app... I'm sure their servers are getting slammed with all the new claims.
Call Samsung Pay support and let them know you didn't get the promotion.
Here's the email that I got. http://imgur.com/mgak8qF
What kind of card did you use? Did you get a transaction notification?
Then that's the problem, the promo is triggered when Samsung pay gets a transaction notification. You probably want to contact Samsung pay support and see if they can register you for the promo since your transaction notifications from your Chase debit card aren't working and contact Chase to see if they can fix the problem with your transaction notifications. I know BoA debit cards don't send transaction notifications, but I'm not sure about Chase debit cards. My Chase credit card does send them. 
It does, but you will also get the email.
Sounds like you need to contact Samsung and file a claim with USPS or FedEx. Either someone stole your packages, or they were delivered to the wrong address. For the last promo, FedEx delivered my wireless chargers to my next door neighbor's door step, so check with your neighbors and be sure to file a complaint if they delivered to the wrong address.
Does your chase debit card send transaction notifications to the Samsung Pay app? 
 This is why Verizon shouldn't be interfering with Samsung Pay on their phones. Try uninstalling it and reinstalling it. If that doesn't help, call Samsung Pay support. Package Disabler is a third party tool to disable packages which can interfere with Samsung Pay.
I got it immediately after claiming it. You should also get an email with the subject "A Gift Card to you from Samsung Pay Rewards!"
What carrier? Was it preloaded or did you sideload the app? Do you have Package Disabler installed?
If it was declined without a valid reason, you should contact Samsung Pay support and your bank to report it. In my experience, it's very rare for a transaction to get declined with Samsung Pay. I did have a problem for a bit with my credit union's cards being declined at certain stores. It turned out to be a problem with communication between my credit union and the payment processor and it was resolved within about a month of me noticing the problem. You should definitely report it, especially if it happens at other stores.
Count yourself lucky, it won't let me use mine.
I just meant that as the plural of S7.
It won't let you use that code on that new fast charging stand. The code is limited to accessories that are $59.99 or less.
I got both the wireless charger and the $30 gift card. My advice would be to not skip over promotions that you are eligible for because you don't know if you'll be eligible for the next promotion, and you don't know when or what the next promotion will be.
Yeah, that's part of the reason Apple are having trouble moving into other countries like Australia and are stuck with only AMEX support. Those banks don't want to pay the fees that U.S. banks have agreed to. It's really the fault of the banks that immediately jumped on board with Apple Pay, they were so desperate to be partnered with Apple that they gave all these concessions to Apple. It wasn't really worth it, though, because Apple pay's registered user rate for compatible phones is very low, and the attachment rate is even lower. Now you know that any banks that support Apple Pay but refuse to support Samsung Pay and Android Pay are full of crap, because supporting Samsung and Android Pay will not cost them the way Apple Pay does.
I'm not sure, but someone else on /r/galaxys7 with a Citi card was saying their offer didn't show up either, and were thinking there was a delay because they made a purchase on a vending machine. If the offer doesn't show up soon, I'd call Samsung Pay support and let them know. 
Is the transaction showing up on the Citi website? It could be that there is a delay in processing your transaction for some reason. Some merchants also take longer to process transactions than others. 
Some cards like BoA debit cards don't send their transaction notifications to Samsung Pay. That's probably why BoA debit cards are excluded from this offer.
Google mines your transaction data. Samsung and Apple don't. Apple does charge fees to banks. Samsung's goal is increasing device sales. As a perk of owning the latest Galaxy phones, you get the best mobile wallet on the market.
I got both.

Yeah, that could be it. I got mine immediately, but I've been using Samsung Pay since it was in beta. If yours is a new Samsung Pay account, it may also require some processing time.
I don't know of any Visa gift cards that will work with Samsung Pay. You're better off going and opening a checking account at a supported bank or credit union. Most banks or credit unions only require a small deposit and a lot offer a free checking account. I know that some banks and credit unions like Bank of America and Navy Federal allow you to go to a branch and get a temporary debit card the same day that you open your account, and those temporary cards will work with Samsung Pay.
I got both promos without having to remove my card.
I temporarily used a BoA debit card during the Samsung Pay beta trial. One of the things that annoyed me most is that BoA debit cards don't get notifications for Samsung Pay transactions. I'm not sure if that's still the case, but as soon as my credit union added support, I dumped BoA.
Keep in mind that Bank of America debit cards and Synchrony cards are not eligible for this promotion.
Have you made a purchase today?
Click on events, click on the promo, then click on more details, and scroll to the bottom. The option to claim the gift card is at the bottom


Samsung Pay isn't available yet in the UK.
AFAIK, the name on the card has to match your Samsung account information. If you brother sets up a Samsung account and configures Samsung Pay under his account you could do this. Legally, he'd have to make the purchase, and you'd have to later make sure to reset Samsung Pay and set it up under your name if you want to use it in the future for your own cards. Why not get your own card?
You could have had both. I got both. Don't wait to claim when there is a promo you are eligible for.
If you get two S7s you'll be eligible for two gift cards.
Yes it does, as long as you have a S7 or S7 edge.
I wouldn't wait. 
MBNA has announced support for this year. I'm not sure when though. You could try contacting Samsung Pay support and your banks to see if there is more info on when Samsung Pay will be released in the UK.

https://twitter.com/mbna/status/702207396677033984
Ah.. I hadn't noticed that.
Don't worry about that, thanks to early adopters, most cashiers are aware of Samsung Pay. Those who aren't usually assume it's part of the EMV switchover. Also, I use Samsung Pay a lot and the majority of the time cashiers don't even notice I'm using Samsung Pay because it's so quick. 
No, I've been using Samsung Pay since it was in beta and use it everyday. You do have to make a purchase to claim this promotion.
Click on events, click on the promo, then click on more details and scroll to the bottom. The option to claim the gift card is at the bottom. 
Bank of America supports Samsung Pay. I was using Samsung Pay with BoA debit back in August.
They are probably getting hit hard right now, just give it try in a few minutes.
if you have an S6 active, you've been eligible for several other promotions.
I haven't yet made a purchase today and I was still able to claim my gift card!

Edit: Bank of America debit cards and Synchrony Financial cards are not eligible for this promotion.
More info: https://imgur.com/kPCsgE6

I haven't made a purchase today and I was still able to claim my gift card!
I haven't made a purchase today and I was still able to claim my giftcard!
Supplement??? Samsung makes most a TON of money fabricating and supplying parts for other companies. Their phone sales are only as small part of their revenue.
According to the Inquirer, [Samsung's Galaxy S7 is selling TWICE as fast as the Galaxy S6](http://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/2450643/samsungs-galaxy-s7-is-selling-twice-as-fast-as-the-galaxy-s6)
Just be careful what you are disabling if you want to use Samsung Pay. Package Disabler Pro's "disable all bloat" is known to break Samsung Pay and even if it continues to work, if may start failing at the next Samsung Pay update. Some people have even had to factory reset their phones after using Package Disabler in order to get Samsung Pay working again.
Another reason to stick with Samsung.
They are misleading consumers. Damn right this is something to complain about.
Thanks for the info, that's interesting. If the Qualcomm sound chip is being used, I wonder why the DSPG chip was added as well?
Read the article that I posted, Samsung didn't use Qualcomm audio.
That's what's listed http://imgur.com/0ED65WK
That's good to hear. Hopefully it was just a defective button and not a widespread issue. I think we'd probably be hearing of more problems by now if it was widespread. Those buttons on phones are surprisingly simple if you look at the teardowns. do you use the power button a lot? I tend to use it a lot to lock my device.
I also got a $100 credit and got turned down for the NFL promo. I used my $100 credit toward the purchase of a TV. 
They had a similar promo back in November. Only, they ended up sending out two chargers to a lot of people. Those chargers weren't in retail packaging.
I'm sure there will be a compatible version on Google Play by 3/11.
Thanks for that info.
My T-mobile S7 edge has a DSPG-DBMDX sound chip according to the SamMobile Device Info app.

Here's an article that might give some more info. 
http://www.globes.co.il/en/article-dsp-group-jumps-on-high-volume-samsung-deal-1001095189

I also found these two white papers:
http://www.dspg.com/wp-content/uploads/DMBD2-Platform.pdf
http://www.dspg.com/wp-content/uploads/DBMD4_Data_brief.pdf
No, that's not wrong, the selection process of the delegates all but ensures that those delegates are loyal to the candidate they claim they are supporting. That doesn't mean someone can't lie their way into being elected as a delegate, but it's very rare for a super delegate to vote differently than they are expected to.