I think the biggest problem with BV is that it never should be used to balance games. It’s a fine comparator between units on a flat plain with nothing but them on it but so many factors can swing things about that it can’t really be used on the TT and expect things to be fair. Playing on just two map sheets with hills and forests? A Timberwolf Prime will struggle vs. it’s BV equivalent IS opponents just because of the terrain. Trade it out for a Timberwolf Delta and it’ll pick it’s teeth with their bones. The real killer though is if the Clan player adheres to zell, then if you’re BV balanced unless the IS player is a total numpty the clanner is boned. On top of that BV doesn’t really account for bracketing well allowing you to depress your BV with an artificially “hot” design. BV should always be a starting point, not a final arbiter.
The Memorial page is a necessity. It’s one of the best things in XCOM, really helps to make you feel the losses and lets you memorialize those who went out with a bang.

I’m really disappointed with the mech paint jobs. Seriously, we spent a week transiting with no repairs and no refits, paint the damn mechs Yang. Personally I’d want an entire paintbooth to let us really dress them up but that’s me. At the least they need to add options for how dirty and faded you’re willing to tolerate or get a lot more detailed in paint schemes.

The salvage rules could be a bit harsher, but I’d also like the ability to negotiate for more designated salvage. Get a mission with 3/14 savage and what do they do? Give me 6 heat sinks, 4 tons of machine gun ammo, and a small laser. Yeah, well screw you to buddy.

I get where you’re coming from, but Battletech was created in 1986, and the Clans were introduced in 1991. Topps was screwing things up for FAAAAR longer than the Clans.
Eh, depending on the gear performance might be on par, for instance inner sphere gauss vs. clan gauss, but the clan weapon still weighed only 12 tons to the IS ones 15 and took 6 crits compared to 7. Same with endosteel, same weight reduction, but twice the space used by the IS version. Pound for pound clam mechs still outperform IS mechs in 3070, but the margin is much reduced.
Callsigns are 90% of the reason I hire mechwarriors.
We need this http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/wtfs.gif but with Michelle Wolf's face.
This has been me with making videos. I dont try to be perfect but each video I try and improve and I like to think I have.
I’m absolutely not equating Switzerland’s gun laws with the US. My entire point is that gun ownership doesn’t equate to violent crime, it is in no way a root cause. 
Highlander... hnnnggghgg
YES PLEASE. I've hated the Blackjack since TRO 3025. Now I'm stuck with one for hours.
Yes, for this era in the BT universe it was much, much more akin to clashes of medieval knights than warring modern militaries.
That is a very 3025 era touch that would absolutely be inline with the setting.
As far as I’m concerned the amendments 1 through 10, 13 through 15, 19, 24, and 26 are pretty much inviolate. Yes, even the 3rd. Assaults on any of them are assaults on all of them and they are all bedrock principles underpinning the very idea of the United States. It absolutely boggles my mind that people would say, “Meh, I don’t need that freedom and neither does anyone else now and for forever.” We are just now getting to the point in history where the idea that individuals of any race, creed, or gender have certain inalienable rights just on account of them being human beings is significant and accepted enough that it’s being enshrined in the fundamentals of governments and then you’ve got these fucking idiots talking about tossing them away.
The problem with gun violence isn’t guns, it’s the underlying causes of violent crime in the first place. Wealth inequality, economic opportunity, education, and a justice system that is focused almost entirely on punishment rather than rehabilitation.

Gun ownership and violent crime simply don’t track hand in hand. If you look at firearm ownership vs. violent crime while the US has an order of magnitude or two of higher ownership but only slightly higher violent crime rates than Europe. Looking at places where guns were taken away like Australia or the UK we find that the correlation or lack there of plays out. After Australia’s gun buy back/ban the violent crime rate… didn’t change. It had been in a steady decline for years and continued on the same trajectory largely unchanged. In the UK it was even worse as guns were largely banned and yet the violent crime rate started to rise whereas if you go by the usual logic of sum that guns magically cause crime, you’d have expected them to drop precipitously. Again, looking at Europe, you’d expect that the nations with the harshest gun laws or bans would be some of the safest, and they’re actually not. Places like Norway and Switzerland are… and yet they have quite a few guns, much higher than the European norm. Even in the US the assault weapons ban of 1994 to 2004 had no impact on crime rates, this is from the FBI. Guns are simply the tools, not the cause. 

Now if you start to look at the data on those causes I stated earlier and then comparing those to violent crime rates they trend much, much closer. If you want to watch the violent crime rate drop then stop concentrating wealth in the hands of just a few, stop raising barriers for those in poverty to get out of it, get the education system back focused on education and preparing kids to succeed at something other than a standardized test, and focus on making sure that criminals can get their lives turned around rather than obsessing with this caveman-esque eye for an eye system of justice.

But no, all that is hard and requires real change and sacrifice that wouldn’t likely get me re-elected. You know what would? Let’s ban the scary looking gun and pretend that will magically make all the bad stuff disappear.

The military won’t turn against the populace because the military is the populace. It’s one thing to go to a foreign country that you have no connection to and treat it as us versus them. It’s an entirely different thing to roll into a US town and psyche yourself up to be willing to fire on your own countrymen. Also, the military can’t legally be used against US civilians, orders to do so would be illegal. Given that US servicemen swear to uphold the constitution and not the president there’s a very good chance that when ordered to turn on the civilian populace the military tells the government to go pound sand. Even if some units are willing to go along with it there will be so many refusing to do so that the military will likely lock up. The military is a gigantic machine and all it takes is a few supply clerks “accidentally” misplacing all the fuel pumps for the units tanks, or a mechanic “accidentally” frying his unit’s radios for everything to start breaking down into chaos. On top of that, the military is remarkably inept at dealing with insurgencies. The US military, as are most militaries, is designed to engage another sovereign nation’s military and destroy it, not deal with motivated indigenous populations who don’t want you around. After all, we’ve been in Afghanistan for more than a decade and the Taliban is back in control of most of the country in spite of our best efforts and literally trillions of dollars.

As for the rest of it, first off the Navy is largely useless and the Air Force isn’t much better. Air power isn’t the decisive factor in dealing with an insurgency that it is in general warfare. Besides, what happens the first time you JDAM a daycare, or misidentify a church bus and BRRRRRT it? For much the same reason most artillery is right out. On top of that how will having an Abrams rolling down mainstreet play in the news? Especially when the commander in that Abram’s hatch is handling a loaded .50 cal and giving you the evil eye. You need infantry and that’s a bad thing because… we don’t have nearly as many as you’d think. Combine the total force of the Army and the Marines and you might have about 300,000 riflemen, if you pull a lot of guys out of armored vehicles and support positions and hand them a rifle. The problem is that the US has a population of over 300 million meaning you’ve got a single rifleman for every 1,000 citizens. 300,000 troops to secure 8 million square kilometers of country (contiguous US), which is one rifleman per 26 square kilometers. At best the US military could secure a handful of major cities and hope to be a deterrent in those areas but most of the US will be completely lost to them.

In reality the bulk of the tyranny would fall on the shoulders of the police. Again, bad news because even if you take all the secretaries, clerks, and 911 operators and put them out on a beat there’s still only 1 officer for every 400 citizens and these guys are only as well armed as the civilian populace. If even 1 in 100 citizens was willing to oppose the government the police would be outnumbered 4 to 1 and that’s assuming every officer is fanatically loyal and willing to die because a lot of them would.

Long story short, if the general populace of the United States decides that they are done with the government’s shit there really isn’t anything the government can do about it and that’s by design. Now, you can debate about the likelihood of getting the general populace motivated enough to resist in that way but you can’t just “LOL, drones,” the idea.
Our cops don’t. The vast majority of police officers aren’t thugs. That’s not to say that there aren’t major issues with police violence but it’s not all cops and here’s the thing, the situation being talked about would require all cops to to be wholly committed authoritarian thugs ready and willing to die for tyrant in chief because they are going to be vastly, VASTLY outnumbered. All police, total, including desk clerks and secretaries, on top of street cops are outnumbered by the general populace 400 to 1 and the police are no better armed than civilians and significantly less practiced in the use of their arms. Even if only 1 in 100 citizens was willing to take up arms against the government the police would be outnumbered 4 to 1. If even half the police decide they aren’t willing to die for a trumped up yam then that number goes to 8 to 1.
Can we... like... a little?
Her entire job is to piss in the American people's amfaces and tell them raining... yeah, you earned it bitch.
>I do utterly enjoy how much it pisses of the bigots though

That's half the fun.
A couple of youtubers I follow have let's plays, the comments are well to wall bitching about "they".
She got really dressed up for a nonevent.
This is a bit more of a faithful adaptation of the table top than is great. This is a major problem in long campaigns in the clan era. With every other mech seemingly carrying a PPC or Gauss rifle it makes it very hard to survive more than a handful of games before you inevitably take some man made lightning or a 250lb ferrous slug to the face. For a single engagement having a 2.78% chance to die instantly anytime someone takes a shot at you with a big gun isn’t awful but carry that over a few engagements and we had to institute house rules that even with a decapitation you’d get a second roll to see what happens, punch out, injury, or insta death.
Then you find out the birds are sapient and shit gets wierd...
That is one of the derpiest looking planes I've ever seen.
Dave Filoni? I'll just buy the Blu-ray right now.
I want to hate that bit but... I just cant. I love the song, its oddly appropriate, and I just cannot make myself not crack a grin during it.
Someone touching my face. Zero to rage monster in a heartbeat.
Crushing an entire German Army group, capturing 50,000 POW’s, killing another 10 to 15,000, the ones that did escape left with just about nothing in terms of materiel, and it ended the Battle of Normandy securing the allied landing and entrenching the western front.
Good times.
No, no we don't. 
That just goes back to the “It could never happen here,” mentality. 

“All roads lead to Rome!” 300 Years later Rome is in decline, 150 after that it no longer exists. “The sun never sets on the British Empire!” was ironically spoken as the British Empire was on the wane and 120 years after it was said the British Empire largely no longer existed. I’m sure with even a little more digging you can find similar quotes from people who thought the Chinese dynasties would last forever, that the Russian Empire would never die, that pretty much any successful government could never fail only to see it completely gone a century or two later.

Yes, I like to think that the US is pretty damn awesome and I think we’re governed by the best form of government in human history. However I realize that the guys in Athens, Sparta, Rome, Beijing, and others all probably felt that way too, and it didn’t turn out too well for any of them. In fact no government has proven to be eternal yet, even the best last a few centuries and then are gone or go through such radical change that they are no longer recognizable in any real form either from internal strife or external threats or more usually a combination of the two. The point wasn’t to say that political strife was directly comparable to flooding but that by whatever dataset you want to use it happens much, much more commonly than any of us want to think. That’s what his Syria example was about. Ten years ago there was no one who could have predicted what’s going on in Syria today.

Are we going to see a Syria style scenario in America? Probably not, but massive upsets don’t have to be ultra-violent to put you in serious danger. Even a relatively non-violent upset in the US government could throw the entire economy into an upset condition that could make getting essentials spotty at best.

If a 1% per year chance of a flood is reason enough NOT to buy a home then a 0.5% chance of massive societal upset a year would be more than enough reason to stockpile a few weeks of food, water, medicine, and a rifle.

Not that surprising, the Vig had its nose wheel set well behind the cockpit. Could make it a bitch to judge where your wheels were.
Really? Then why leave earth? Her sister was literally leaving her an upper class lifestyle, no strings attached. How does it make sense for her to up and leave for an off world colony? 
The show has no real business being as good as it is. It’s got some issues but on the whole it’s off to a stronger start that most Sci-Fi shows I’ve seen. Hell, by the third episode Terra Nova was doing a show about an amnesia virus in a show about time travel and dinosaurs. In many ways it feels a bit more YA than I’d like but because of that my kids love to watch it and it’s something we can watch together and that’s something huge for me. If I can get them watching this maybe I can say, “Hey kids, wanna watch some Star Trek?” on down the line.
I didn’t think so, but I had a cheat and worked at a thermal powerplant for my internship in college so I had a real life example for what we were working with. Being able to see things in action made it really click for me. The math isn’t hard, it’s wrapping your head around the concepts of what’s going on. If you can do that you’re 95% of the way to an A.
Of course. I cruised through high school, literally slept through more than half of it, and finished with a 3.75 GPA. The problem is that I couldn’t do that in college. It took me way too long to learn how to study and realize it was going to be necessary, several failed or withdrawn classes. Still graduated just fine. They don’t put your GPA on your degree and most jobs don’t ask about it.
None, in this kind of overspeed condition they would have opened the breakers to disconnect it from the grid. It would have been out of phase and fucking a lot of things up if they didn’t.
I love my Croatian Hi-Point in .40 Short&Weak.
Ah yes, served honorably by invading neighboring countries in an aggressive war of expansion for a genocidal regime that ultimately left his country a broken ruin. Nothing honorable about him.
Probably my favorite level in a game ever.
The solution to Nazi fucks last time around was copious amounts of .303 British, 7.62x54R, and .30-06. We got it right the first time.
I mean yeah, he did some awful stuff, but he did kill Hitler.
Twitter is cancer. Trying to condense down nuanced and complex topics into 140 or 280 characters induces disaster.
As for Han saving his ass, that’s not a plus or minus to Luke. It was the middle of a battle and they didn’t exactly have a lot of options at the time. As for the Force ghost, “Use the Force,” is about as nebulous a set of instructions can be aside from, “Draw the rest of the fucking owl.” Luke still had to use the force and pull the trigger.

How does Hoth count against him? He didn’t fail, he was ambushed by a local critter. In fact that one should count as a win for him as well as this was pre-Yoda training and he managed to Force yank his lightsaber too him.

Did you watch RotJ? He clearly planned for being captured. He fought a Rancor without a lightsaber and won. He then managed to do the lion’s share of the heavy lifting in the escape. As for the Emperor, his entire goal in going back to his father was to win him back to the lightside and… yeah he kinda managed that one. With a little more electrocution than he likely would have prefered but in the end Anakin turned back and I still called that one a draw.

There are a lot of fan theories out there. Personally I like the one where since the Millennium Falcon’s hyperdrive is dead they have to travel to Bespin at a high percentage of the speed of light and even being nearby it still takes them years. For Han, Leia and the gang it’s like a few days, maybe a week and change but for everyone else it’s months, even a couple years, all where Luke is training on Dagobah.

That being said, if you wanna argue canon we have to go with what’s on screen and going by that Luke had one training session with Obi-wan on the Falcon, he spent a few days, maybe a week or two with Yoda at best, and that’s it. That’s all his formal training, everything else was self taught at best. Insert Sacred Texts joke here.

Rey with no training managed to influence her guard, which admittedly Obi never treated like it was a big deal, neither did Luke but still, zero training. Aside from that she… didn’t do much Forcewise until TLJ. Yes, she fought Kylo in the snow, but she was shown to be capable of handling herself in a fight early on in the movie and Kylo was a gut shot apprentice. Yup, there was the whole, “Use the force...,” thing where she bested him but… oh wait, sorry. Wrong quote and movie. “Use the Force Luke,” was what force Obi-Wan told Luke to do so he could pull off the impossible Death Star shot in a ship he hadn’t flown until that day after fifteen minutes of getting zapped in the ass by a training drone. “Feel the force,” or something like that is what Rey thought before she beat up the injured guy. Maybe a bit too sarcastic but… yeah. I think it makes the point.

Luke is also extremely hot headed and prone to making rash decisions. He’s also, what, maybe 20 or 22 at the end of RotJ and he’s 50+ in TLJ? In the span of 30 years people’s opinions and beliefs can shift a lot. Factor in apparently learning how badly the prequel era Jedi fucked up and then  living through the aftermath of what happened to the galaxy as a result of dear old dad’s temper tantrum and yes, in a moment of panic I can see him whipping out the old laser sword before realizing just what an asshole that made him. Throw in some good old 80’s bad timing and whoops, Darth Vader 2.0 Electric Sithaloo.
Luke hopped in a starfighter and blew up the Death Star sans targeting computer. He did screw the pooch at Cloud City. He confronted the Emperor and Vader and wasn’t turned, he did manage to turn his father back, and stopped the Emperor just… maybe not how he intended. Luke’s record in the OT was 1-1-1, maybe 2-1 depending on how you count the end of RotJ.
He did return to Dagobah to complete his training but all that happened then was he found a dying Yoda and was told he’d already learned everything he needed. Post ESB he was at best self taught. 
I’ve had this discussion with a few people. “Rey is a Mary Sue! She barely got any training!” Right, and Luke got what… one lesson with Obi-wan, a training montage with Yoda and… what else? Oh right, fuck all. “Luke ran away and hid after things went south.” Yeah, and Obi-wan hid on Tatooine and Yoda on Dagobah, fucking up and hiding is kind of a Jedi tradition. “What is this force connection bullshit, we’ve never seen that before!” Yeah, and until the Emperor lit Luke’s ass up we’d never seen anyone use force lightning before. I swear, half the time it’s like people bitching haven’t even watched the original trilogy.

The prequels and the sequels both have their faults and we should for sure talk about them but damn… can we not pretend the original trilogy is faultless?

Things just got a little too real.

I unironically used the phrase, "Kids these days," last week. I probably need to just go casket shopping and get it over with.
No, if you want to carry and ever have to use it then that is EXACTLY how technical you have to be about it because the line between reasonable self defense and murder is exactly that fine. If you don’t understand why those hairs need to be split you don’t need to carry.
You can’t argue with them because you’re not arguing against ignorance. You can’t win with facts. Flat Earthers are pretty much a religion. Nothing about it makes sense, why has every map maker, sailor, cartographer, physicist, astronomer, the entirety of NASA, every government on Earth, pilot, mathematician, for the last fourteen centuries been in on it? Why in the last 1,400 years has no one exposed this shadowy cabal of literal globalists? Why does this all powerful cabal let any moron with a webcam expose their secrets? Why do none of these idiots just buy a boat and prove it? Is it actually turtles all the way down? Since it’s not rooted in any logic you can’t fight it with logic.

If you want to do it recreationally then knock yourself out, just don’t go into it thinking you’ll win, you won’t.

You don’t shoot to kill, you shoot to end the threat. Now, yeah, most of the time that means the dude is dead but the point is to defend yourself. Once the guy is on the ground and no longer a threat you have to stop shooting. Guy turns and runs, you have to stop shooting. If there is no longer a threat to you then you have moved from self defense into attempted murder.
Getting out is incredibly stupid, so is smack talking the guy, BUT, and this is a Nicki Minaj sized butt, once the guy turned and started towards the cammer with that bat at the ready we have no entered the mortal threat zone. The cammer has a reasonable fear for his life, the aggressor is armed and has demonstrated violent intent, at this point the cammer could put two in baseball bat guy’s chest and be legally in the clear. That said, don’t get out of the fucking car and you can just run his ass over.
Someone forces you off the side of the road and then gets out with a baseball bat and comes after you then you’ve got every reason to fear for your life. At that point you can do what it takes to defend yourself and if that means you have to run his ass over to get out of there… well both physics and the law are on your side in this situation.

Even if you’re carrying in that situation don’t bother with it. Your car is a MUCH better weapon in this instance.
https://youtu.be/s1siOObYpWA
Yeah, for me it was the moment I told my wife about how I’d just gotten a new book on boiler tube failure mechanisms, 500 pages thick, and I couldn’t wait to read it. The look she gave me…. It was at that moment I stopped and asked, “What is wrong with me?” All she could do was tell me that it was ok, she loved me regardless. I get this weird thrill from finding things like white papers on corrosion mechanisms. We went to an airshow and while everyone else is admiring the aircraft I’ve got my nose buried in the wheel well of the airplane taking pictures of the hydraulic lines because of how snazzy a job they did bending and routing them all. I got told that she can’t take me anywhere because the first thing I did at the kids playground was start criticizing the weld job the guys who put it together did. “Will it hold together?” “Well yeah, but come on, this is like amateur hour.”
Creation is still pretty shit though. 
Anyone can be a father, you gotta choose to be a dad.
Almost every, “RNG fucked me!” story starts with, “I’d finished the quest and everyone was pretty  beat up and stressed but there was still one more room left that might have some treasure in it…”

No, you didn’t get fucked by RNG, you fucked yourself by getting greedy and overextending. People expect DD to hold their hands. They figure it’s like other games that will hold their hands and go easy on them, let them do something monumentally stupid and maybe get away with it.

It won’t. It’s one of the most brutally fair games I’ve ever played. Yes, occasionally they’ll dogpile one of your characters, score a string of crits, and boom, you’re dead but that’s not nearly as common as people wish it was. 90% of the time, you screwed up.

>Requires no change to existing equipment...

Is the phrase I hear six months before we have to start replacing equipment because bench scale and small batch tests rarely tell you how things work out in production scale and over the long term.
Everyone is waaaaay too chill about that lion trying to eat that kid.
Watch me.
Most of his stuff is like that. Watch the carnival games one, just be prepared to never enjoy a carnival ever again.
Wow, man that brings me back.
A lot like dueling in Jedi Knight. People would calmly wait around taking turns to duel, God help you if you violated the truce.
Exactly, right and wrong is largely irrelevant at this point. Even if they mount a sterling defense of themselves at this point it’s largely going to fall on deaf ears and I have trouble believing that at least some of the more serious accusations don’t have some merit meaning you largely can’t win because even if you could parry 95% of it you’re still going to have 5% where you’re an asshole… and you lose.

They should be in 100% damage control PR at the moment, but that requires the people running the show to put aside their egos and urge to defend themselves and focus on getting through this without tanking the company.

>Angry Joe has decided to leave CA.

Well, they fucked that up.
Just… wow. This isn’t that complicated, even remotely. A simple, actual apology would have sufficed. Not an, “I’m sorry you felt that way,” non-apology but something as simple as, “We did not always handle things in the best way possible and for that we apologize. We are working to fix many of the issues highlighted here and will strive to ensure this doesn’t happen again.” Have someone step in between the CEO and the content creators, respond to things in a timely manner, etc. It’s not even asking for anything you wouldn’t expect out of a properly run business. Sure, people will still throw a hissy about the apology not being enough but for the bulk of people that would more or less end it.

This, this is just pouring gasoline on the fire. Doesn’t matter if you’re right or wrong, by going through point by point you’ve opened yourself up to ALL of it and if even 10% of the serious complaints have merit you are fucked.

That could definitely do it, the problem is they lost almost all their talent who could make something like that work.
SF Debris I assume? Yeah, once you could monetize on YouTube and they got more fair use friendly the entire point of the CA website just evaporated. 
My safe deposit box at the credit union.
Which is almost inevitable. You’ve got a group of people with immense power and almost no accountability. Now, feed them a steady diet of telling them that they have some deeper connection to the universe and to trust their gut and eventually someone’s gut is going to say, “Hey, everything would be so much better if all the members of group X had their heads removed from their shoulders.”
First off, it’s no one’s business what you own. That list should… well never should have existed in the first place but it sure as shit never should have been made public. Secondly, it makes those people targets for break ins.
Well that's just pathetic. I used to love playing tank but it took some work. Just out threating everyone by a factor of four makes it stupid.
Wait wait wait, Chris Stuckman and SF Debris were associated with CA?
Yes, and fuck you for reminding me of it.
>Frankly, it would be easy to limit the amount of guns a person could buy at any one time. Issue a state ID card with punches. One punch per month, for each gun purchased. No registry needed.


What does that accomplish?
New York also demonstrated another fantastic way they can fuck up a registry by just handing it over to a reporter who then published the names and addresses of legal gun owners putting targets on all their backs.
Except we have cases of the people who wrote it confirming that people could strap cannons to their boats to protect them from pirates. It's pretty clear self defense was among the reasons for the 2nd, arguably the only reason just against various groups.
MWAP
Given how awful their intelligence forces were, assuming they were wrong was actually not a terrible starting point.
My house is made of cinder blocks. I worry about over penetration of interior walls but that’s it. Plus, the most likely place I’m going to have to engage is down a hallway and the target will be standing in front of one of those cinder block walls with zero windows or doors. All my neighbors have cinder block houses as well. Unless I start using a Barret for home defense I can light an intruder up with zero concerns about what’s beyond them.

My hearing is gonna be fucked though.

No, this is legit. This the UK right now.
That is pathetic.
Last time I looked it up the prosecution, not conviction but just prosecution rate of straw purchases, lying on your 4473, and prohibited persons trying to buy a firearms was right about 2%.
I love that they have that line, then spend the entire document talking about forward grips, telescoping stocks, and magazine size limits.
You wanna maximize that over penetration. 
You're assuming the people who wrote this understand how guns work.
Nothing. 

First off, no one in WWII had anything remotely capable of trans-atlantic operations, well, operations where you expect to get the aircraft back. That’s over 6,000km one way and that’s if you fly over places like England which was, you know, full of fighters. Even if we ignore the range problem and give the germans some mystical teutonic aircraft blessed by Thor it still amounts to nothing. Germany didn’t have the industrial capacity to being building the hundreds of these large aircraft necessary to conduct a strategic bombing campaign. But again, we’ll assume they have enough Jewish slave labor and Freja herself conjure up raw materials. You’re still screwed as the fuel consumption for these aircraft would be thousands of gallons of gasoline per plane each sortie and the Germans didn’t have that kind of spare fuel. But German engineering is so amazing they conjure up the millions of gallons of gasoline they’d need to support this right out of Hitler’s ass. They’re still fucked because you can’t begin to escort them, most German fighters would have to turn back over England or quite literally thousands of kilometers short of the target. So we’ll just assume that Germans invent stealth or some shit so that the allies can’t massacre their bombers the moment the fighters turn back, or fuck, the allies would happily murder the Luftwaffe fighters around the bombers, by this point in the war they were starting to want for things to shoot at anyways. You might have guessed, they’re still boned, why? Because the US is big and 6,000km only gets you to New York. The actual industrial heartland of the US is another thousand kilometers or more inland and that’s only some of the factories. The US could literally decide, “Fuck these magical Nazis,” and just start moving their production centers to Denver.

So, if we assume German pulls out a magical plane design powered by Goering’s fevered wet dreams, stops gassing jews long enough to put them to work using raw materials conjured up by Freya herself, fueled by millions of gallons of av-gas pulled right from Hitler’s ass, invents stealth tech to allow them to not be murdered by allied fighters… and they’re still fucked because the US is big and they’re still 1,000 km from bombing anything of import. And it can just be moved another 1,500 km west anyways.

A German trans-atlantic bombing campaign is simply impossible on just about every level and futile even if they could pull it off.
Zero effect, Germany couldn't begin to put enough bombers there to matter.

Each bomber (putting them somewhere between a B-17 and B-29) will require somewhere between 4,000 and 12,000 pounds of bombs, 2,000 pounds of miscellaneous consumables, and 10,000 to 40,000 pounds of gas. That's 8 to 27 tons of supplies and that completely ignored things like spare parts, food and equipment for crews, etc. Fighters would need 2 to 3 tons of supplies each. A small raid of 100 bombers and fighters would require between 1,000 and 3,000 tons of supplies. Again, that is a small raid in WWII terms.

That would require between 2 and 6 cargo submarines per small raid (going off the Type XIV’s 600t cargo capacity). The trip from Germany to Bermuda would take 12 days minimum. In order to run what would amount to a nuisance raid every three days would need a fleet of between 18 and 54 submarines running continuously. That is just for bombs, ammo, oil, and gas for the bombers, no supplies for the crew, ground crew, or garrison, no spares, no new aircraft, nothing. Realistically you’d be looking at more than a hundred submarines to pull this off. What’s worse, the loss rate on these submarines would be murderous. The most dangerous time for subs is leaving port. Well now you know where they have to leave from and where they’re going. Looking at German submarine production during the war it would have taken about half their production being nothing but cargo subs to supply what amounts to an annoyance. There is quite literally no way Germany could have supplied a force of more than about 300 B-17 sized bombers and and equal number of fighters or 150 larger B-29 sized aircraft with equivalent fighters and they could only do that if they fed the crews, support personnel and garrison unicorn farts and armed them with happy thoughts. Mind you, this is with me giving them the benefit of every doubt imaginable.

And the second the Germans started to try this the US would immediately crush them. The Germans on Bermuda would be subjected to almost daily air raids immediately. The small number of fighters and bombers they could martial wouldn’t begin to ward off the Army Air Crops. Meanwhile the Allied navies start to martial. Within two weeks a blockade will begin to form around the island starting the era of those murderous losses of submarines. The Germans would almost certainly be subjected to nightly incursions by allied cruisers moving in to shell their positions under the cover of darkness. The allies will keep this blockade up while the US prepares for an invasion. It’ll probably take a few months but one morning Fritz is going to wake up to see a line of US battleships offshore with their guns leveled at them and firing while dozens of Amtracs and LST’s plow in towards the shore full of very pissed off Marines. Fritz meanwhile will have not eaten well in weeks, possibly months, a good night’s rest is just a memory, the 88’s long ago went silent from lack of ammo, and the ammo in his bandoliers is all he’s gotten because the last U-Boat to arrive did so in several pieces.

I don’t care how superior your little ubermensch is, Fritz can either surrender or he’s going to die.

There is an amazing difference between a few guys hiding out in a deep bunker refusing to surrender and setting up a functioning airbase supporting hundreds of large bombers and fighters. 

Worse case scenario for the US is they can't retake the islands and have to settle for flattening everything on the island with a swastika on it from the air or sea.
Lets be honest, the article was written before he ever talked to the guy. All the reporter did was go fishing for a few choice quotes he wanted and called it done.
I think thumbhole stocks get their bad rap from being associated with gun control measures.
"Fool's Gold," I hope so. Amazingly on the nose, and they'll sell millions.
Look at the start of the gif, hes still got his fangs at least 
I'm less worried about GTA than I am RDR.
For some people the fact that you can't exactly pin down the number means that any number is possible. 
When the Nazis set the bar for genocide as high as they did you've gotta take every opportunity to Inflate numbers like this so you can make an asinine, "Both sides were bad," arguement.
Which is fine and shitty... but they were detention camps, the Nazis gassed the people in theirs.
While it might be fuzzy, "I had to join or it would have stunted my career," isn't really much of a defense.
Well there was the hooker in the Tesla's trunk...
There are a lot of issues with the prequels but the actors were never one of them.
Huh... aside from the jail there isn't a single police station around is there. Also, that's a damn big jail.
It's not about happy, it's about making even a little fucking sense.
People don't understand statistics, the existence of lotteries proves that.
I’ll take, “Who is a pretentious ass?” for $1,000 Alec. He’s not wrong about somethings but on the whole he’s just coming off as pretentious. Also, given how heavy handed (4) or poorly handed (3) the central plot lines of previous FarCry games are it’s probably best that they not go all in on social commentary.
Well to start with the ATF is going to have to answer some uncomfortable questions about how they completely failed and allowed the Peggies to amass hundreds of actual assault rifles, machine guns, rocket pods, mortars, flamethrowers, and bombs. Then they’re going to have the same questions about the residents of Hope County. Given that both sides had hundreds of weapons they almost certainly didn’t have the tax stamps and paperwork on I don’t know what this will do for the 2nd amendment discussion other than strengthen the argument that criminals can get the guns if they really want them and all the gun laws against those arsenals didn’t keep Hope Country from turning into a war zone.


The DEA is going to have it’s handful with Bliss and trying to figure out what it is, and how it’s made on top of trying desperately to keep a lid on it so that it doesn’t go mainstream.


The National Guard is going to be brought to task as they apparently misplaced several squadrons of helicopters and trucks.


People are going to be asking how the hell an entire county with a dangerous cult goes dark for weeks on end without anyone noticing and no one in the area apparently deciding to take one of the aircraft liberally spread around and just fly out of there to report it. Hell, the Marshal service and your own police department don’t seem to think anything of their agents going missing for weeks. A lot of people will either have to resign or be fired and I suspect quite a few will go up on charges.


The Deputy especially is going to find themselves sitting in front of a Senate panel for likely weeks trying to figure out why the hell it never occured to you to report what was going on and get help rather than wage your own personal war against the Seeds. If they’re lucky everyone might wash their hands of it and pin a medal on the Dep’s chest rather than bring them up on charges.


As for the county, it’s good and fucked. With the death of the cult and then casualties of the war it’s got maybe ⅓ the residents it had before. Those left aren’t likely going to want to stay in a burned out, shot up, blasted and leveled war zone where they had friends and neighbors butchered and crucified and have to step over three federal agents just to go to the bathroom. Some people will stay but mostly the hard cases. I suspect disaster tourism will become a thing, as will people out hunting for souvenirs and lost weapons.


There will probably not be another Testy Festy.
USAS-12

Saiga-12

PKM

MK19 on a Truck

Milcor MGL

P90

Vektor

Desert Eagle

MG3

MP7

Colt Single Action Army

Mauser 98K

Tavor

Winchester Model 1894 in .30-30

Winchester Model 70 in .30-06

FN FAL

M1 Garand

M1 Carbine


Somehow I don't think the Indian law makers would be so blase about it if it was an epidemic of wives taking a 12" strap on to their husband's asshole nonconsensually.
Surely this won't be an utter shit show, it has such solid source material!
Think about Facebook and their affiliates and just what a monumental amount data they have on your interests, thoughts, opinions, etc. along with a massive database of pictures. Add in their invasive phone app and the fact that they have a file on you even if you never used the site then consider just how little care they take with it all. Facebook already does basic facial recognition in photos. Now imagine if they somehow started to cameras in public spaces.


It wouldn’t exactly be difficult for someone to set up some cameras at a protest and get good facial shots of everyone there. Then just find out who they are. Hell, how about rallies, or lectures. Imagine if someone put on a video of the Tangerine in Chief in a storefront window and then put a camera over it. You’d be able to figure out everyone who stops to look, deduce their basic reaction to it, and cross reference that with social media. You don’t even need to do iris scans like Minority Report, this tech would strip the last bit of anonymity we have and allow corporations and government to know everything we do or say and frankly I don’t know how you’d do anything about it. You know that the government will pass laws banning this kind of dazzle makeup, masks, and any kind of active disruption tech you might have.
>Stunning success… got 1/5th of Australia’s firearms…


Wait, so how is 20% compliance successful? I want to live in these people’s world, right now I screw up one line in a memo and I’ve got to hear about it from three different levels of management.


>$500… Afterall overpaying powerful constituencies…


Fuuuuuuck you. I own exactly two guns that are worth less than $500 and most are worth significantly more. Just one more case of the people dreaming up this shit having no clue about how things actually work.
More or less. Usually ones already owned are grandfathered in, but proving a mag was bought after the ban is almost impossible.
With things going to shit here in Florida I'm seriously considering investing in a D60 and a dozen PMAGs right now.
Horrified, Animal Farm and 1984 were not presented as good things.
No, you're right in the ballpark of how dystopian this is. This tech will not stop at jaywalking tickets
It had better smell like cordite and RemOil.
Not really, it's pretty crap. It might cut it as Young Adult fare but that's it.
>Social and political repercussions…


Yeah, like the largest war this planet has ever known, tens of millions dead, their own country laid to waste...
Look at that beautiful totally not a heretic and completely loyal Son, *cough* of Dorn.
It's getting more common. Now that they're available I don't go to a movie without it. 
Yeah, we don't really get why they set them up like that either. 
I WISH my school had a range that nice.
>Can one shred the heavens?

Jimi Hendrix could.
.50BMG is the cartridge caliber not the gun.
There's no "kinda" about it.
Are you asking how tall can you make a building and still open the windows?


As for residential density and gentrification, not really an engineering problem. Also, cheap really isn’t a good thing when talking about high rise construction.
Here’s the problem, the phrase “gun in the home.” At that point the gun was already purchased and in the home, months, years in advance. How is gun control going to address that? Waiting periods, background checks, they’re not going to be able to do anything about that. Emergency protection orders, which are themselves fraught with potential for abuse, are going to be of limited utility when most suicides catch those closest to the person, those who could request the order, by surprise. Exactly what is gun control supposed to do about the suicide rate? 


Again, looking at the rest of the world the US’s rate of suicide is not leaps and bounds above Europe’s or other countries with much stricter gun control. When the rate of private firearms ownership is ten to 100 times higher yet the rate of suicide is nothing like that, for instance Poland’s suicide rate is 47% higher, Belgium's is 28% higher than the US. France’s suicide rate is only 2.4% lower than the US’s rate. 7.2% lower in Austria, 27% lower in Germany. On average Europe’s suicide rate is 5.6% lower than the US’s. To me that says that those who intended to die find a way. In the US which has more guns that’s just the common and sure way of doing whereas in Europe you’ve gotta find another way to do it but they still manage it as if you dropped the US into Europe’s stats it would be in the upper half but nowhere near the top of the list. So how do guns factor into this if the US’s suicide rate is  pretty average in the developed world?
The conventional bombings were just as bad as the nukes in terms of raw destruction. Months more would have seen practically every major Japanese city reduced to ash.
Their conditional surrender would have left them in control of everything they'd taken during the war. It wasn't a surrender it was them demanding we just stop and leave them alone.
No weight. Guns don’t cause suicides. Even if you completely ban all guns you’ve still got a suicidal person on your hands. You’re not fixing a problem you’re just using it to justify limiting something you don’t like. Which is largely my issue with most gun control measures, we like to pretend that the gun causes the violence so if we ban the gun problem solved, except not.


Suicidal tendencies don’t show up in background checks. Emergency protection orders aren’t going to accomplish much when most suicides catch people completely off guard. Waiting periods are about the only measure that might have an effect and those are only going to stop spur of the moment suicides where a gun isn’t already present.


Just out of curiosity I went and looked up the national suicide rates. The US ranks 48th, behind places like South Korea, Russia, Japan, Belgium, etc. The US average is 12.6 suicides per 100,000 while Europe as a whole averages 11.9. When you factor in the MASSIVE disparity between Europe and the US in terms of privately owned firearms… I think the argument that truly suicidal people will find a way holds water. After all, I have trouble imagining a “cry for help,” type of suicide choosing a gun as it’s pretty much guaranteed fatal.


I’m not being dismissive of suicide, but I think trying to address it via gun control would be like trying to address it by outlawing bridges, trains, rope, and buildings over 2 stories high.
I wish this wasn't true but, you're going to have to be more specific.  Ugh...
Sure but uh... you're gonna take skin and flesh as well so... go for it.
Power washing a swastika right off? Well that's an unexpected but pleasant intersection of joy.
The least whiny and obnoxious customer he's dealt with all day.
"Do it, call me a heretic one more time babycarrier."
I think you mean meat 'splosion.
Thank you so, so much.
Sooo, what's the Nazi got against a little blonde haired girl? Why is he so intereste... oh, answered my own question. 
Not particularly, not compared to its contemporaries. The pistol trails went fine for the .45 Luger but the manufacturer didn’t like the ammo supplied by the army and had some of it remade to their specs including a non-domestic powder. Add on that the Luger is more expensive to manufacture than other designs (sort of the eternal downfall of all toggle locks) and the 1911 beat it pretty handily.
1911 was the date of acceptance, not design.
Yeah, no. North Korea can’t level Seoul, not even close. The only location on the border where NK artillery can reach Seoul is the Kaesong salient and most of their artillery can only reach the northern outskirts of Seoul at best and that’s if it’s literally stationed right on the border. Even their newer, better artillery can only reach the city center, not the south and that’s only a small part of their artillery. They have rocket artillery that can reach Seoul but rocket artillery isn’t the best for sustained bombardment.


On top of that, artillery shells aren’t all that big. For comparison a 155mm artillery shell weighs about 45kg of which about 10kg is high explosive. Seoul has an area of about 600 square kilometers. The city is simply too big to “level” with artillery in the amount of time that NK’s artillery is going to survive.


It’s not going to survive long. Most of NK artillery is of the towed variety making it a more or less sitting duck. Modern counter battery fire is brutally effective, within the first two or three shells being fired US and SK forces will know exactly where each NK gun is located and depending on how on the ball our artillery forces are by round 5 or 6 our return shots could be in the air. Sometime between round 10 and 12 most NK artillery batteries within range of Seoul will simply cease to exist.


Worst case scenario, a few hundred to a few thousand dead, lots of property damage but mostly fear. The problem for NK is that they just lost almost all their artillery. Some of their newer self propelled guns will probably survive but the bulk of their towed artillery is now gone, and they just started a war.


The real nightmare scenario is that NK decides to launch a chemical attack on Seoul. If they do that the death count will be much, much higher but the end result for them is even worse. Given their general state of training and maintenance I’d suspect a lot of artillery gets killed when they screw up handling the shells. SK and US counter battery stir-fries the rest. Even worse, they just launched a WMD attack on a civilian population center. Nothing is going to keep the Kim’s in power at this point and that’s all they care about. If they’re lucky we stay conventional and just put them on trial in the Hague. If they’re not then all the sunscreen in the world won’t save Pyongyang from a nuclear tanning session.


Here’s the deal though, NK is never going to start a war. As much as Kim and co. bluster they’re not stupid. They know the score. In a conventional war the US and SK will run them over like they don’t exist on top of that they don’t have the oil reserves to do it. Their military’s drive to Seoul would pretty much be one way. Finally, China has publicly stated that they will come to NK’s aid if someone starts a war with them, but if NK starts the war they are on their own. NK is useful to China as a buffer between them and the American allied south and they want to keep it that way but they don’t want to get drug into a war with their biggest customer either. North Korea is not a conventional state and trying to comprehend what it does in that light doesn’t work. North Korea is a feudal kingdom, it exists to serve the Kim family, full stop. A war will not benefit the Kim family, it will only destroy it therefore they won’t do it. Their nuclear arsenal exists purely as a threat. It doesn’t even have to work, it just has to be a threat, that if we attack them we might see Seoul or Tokyo or LA get nuked, and no one on this side wants the Kim’s gone bad enough to risk that.
Reading the comments to that is infuriating. “He doesn’t want to take away your guns, just the right to own them, make it a privilege.” Ok, so how about you don’t insult my intelligence and admit what step 2 is after repealing the 2nd. Oh right, you start banning guns you don’t like. The point of repealing the 2nd is so you can freely start to ban guns.
Authoritarian prick.
You do realize you're posting this in a thread where part of the title is "Repeal the Second Amendment."
4th, 5th, and 6th and we've got people gnawing on the 2nd and eyeing the first.
Yes, a Republican former justice who also wasn't big on the 1st or 5th amendments either. This guy isn't big on the bill of rights.
Serious discussions take more than 140 or 280 characters. You can’t have a real discussion about anything via twitter and trying to compact things into that limit results in all nuance and detail being stripped out further encouraging tribalism and simplistic hyperbole.
Probably but at this point who isnt?
And they wrote into the Constitution the mechanism by which it may be amended, knock yourself out.
Nothing they suggest is going to stop a mass shooting. 
Well, more than anything you want to make sure you don't bring up any real world examples, that can only hurt your cause.
>I'm pretty sure most Americans don't think bullets should come in giant freedom bucket size 

You're absolutely right. That plastic bucket is junk, you want to buy your ammo in cans like Uncle Sam intended.
There is NO way that the Hilltop and Kingdom could have possibly supported the Saviors much less their civilian workforce. They must have started out as a force of several hundred soldiers and both Hilltop and the Kingdom could have supported the group we see here but just taking care of those 38 assholes in the pin is more than Hilltop can do now.
“No one wants to take your guns!” typically means, “I don’t want to take ALL your guns, just the ones I think are scary. Which is most of them.”
Calling it pretty mediocre is being incredibly generous.
For a second there I thought this guy was a Cowboys fan and it said Eagles which you know, I think most of us could get behind.
Basically, something signed under false pretenses is invalid. 
Still should be "Crick" in the second to last panel.
Welcome to 2018....
*Looks up the street one way, looks down the street the other way.* "Case closed, clearly this guy was a criminal genius and we'll never catch him. Now get this truck out of here before I ticket you for obscenity."
Well when Facebook intentionally obfuscates and flat out lies about their data use and privacy settings it’s kind of hard for people to make an informed decision.
Think about the difference between running PR for SpaceX and Facebook. On one hand you’ve got a genuine guy trying to do something awesome who when he speaks his mind more or less admits that he’s trying to live out every little boy’s dream of becoming an astronaut. On the other you’ve got a smug cunt who every time he opens his mouth reminds everyone what a prick he really is.
From where I stand, both straw sales and knowingly selling to a prohibited person are already illegal. Making it extra illegal isn’t going to stop people who are already willing to commit a felony. That’s where I come down on a lot of this, their actions are already illegal, and they do it anyways, so how is making it double illegal going to stop them? It’s not, it just adds another of aggravation for me to exercise my right.
Where in the 2nd does it say you’re limited to muskets? Where in the first does it say it covers blogs?
>They are "fun"


Incredibly.


>but they are not excellent at any sort of hunting. Not hogs, not varmint, 


Except that they are, and are the prefered gun for hunting bot hogs and varmitting. Also, I’d love to know how a gun is both terrible for shooting prairie dogs and hogs yet somehow is magically a super dangerous gun against people.


>certainly not deer. 


Both .300 BLK and AR-10’s say otherwise.


>And long-distance, lol. 


AR’s are fully capable of shooting MOA out to ranges of 300+ yards which is more than enough for almost any hunt and there are plenty that can push that kind of accuracy out to 500+ yards at which point it’s beyond a bad idea to be taking shots at animals.


>They are also ridiculously over priced (or where till last year) 


Sub $600 AR’s have been around for… a decade or more at least, $500 AR’s are a dime a dozen, and I’ve seen some sub $400 guns if you can be patient and wait for good deals. Hell, I paid as much for my XD, a pistol, as I did my first AR, which was also a pistol, heh.


>If they would just admit they want these weapons for the way they look and for their "man card" we'd all be better off.


I’m just going to go out on a limb and assume you’ve never actually shot one. If you had, and had experience shooting other guns you’d understand.
And given that those are the people who's rights would be restricted by helping...
>The Community is revolting...

 Well yes, but what's the sub doing?
Semi automatic rifles are neither unusual or anymore dangerous than other types of firearm.
It’s about perspective. Right now sensationalism and people pushing agendas are doing their best to make it seem like blood is running in the street when the reality is that there are many common everyday dangers that are vastly more likely to kill you.


Guns have quite a few safety mechanisms baked into them, the problem isn’t that the gun is unsafe. When in the hands of a law abiding citizen, guns, alcohol, cars, etc. are perfectly safe. It’s when they’re misused that’s the problem. We’re not talking about random gun owners just deciding one day that, “Well I’ve got a gun, guess I better go shoot a lot of people,” the problem is the extremists, the edge cases, the psychos who want to do others harm. You can’t stop someone like that by just enacting a few laws, they don’t care, and if they can’t get a gun they’ll use a truck or a bomb or arson or a knife.
You can’t have double thick where the coolers are. I usually put the coolers in the inner part of the wall then sandbag in front of them on the outside.
I dunno, seems like someone smashing in your front door would be good cause to fear for your life.
If you're doing it properly you should be breaking bones 
The problem is that for most mass shooters passing a background check isn’t really a problem. We’ve had a few that couldn’t, but the vast majority of shooters could fill out a 4473 and pass with flying colors. There’s no real reason for them to bother making their own. I get the concern that a prohibited mass shooter might come along and try the 80% route but you don’t need  background check for a private sale so again, just buying one privately is simply easier. 


And when the Pulse shooter can sit across the table from two FBI agents and they can sign off on him being perfectly fine and to be taken off the watch lists… well I don’t really have any faith in background checks or psych evals being high bars to climb over. The constitutional requirements to allow private construction vastly outweigh the downside of one deranged loon maybe deciding to use it to hurt people at some point.


Now, if you want to make private sales harder I’d be all for the set up of a system for private sales, non-mandatory, similar to the Swiss system. The buyer goes to the government and gets a background check done, it’s a blanket check that could be used for anything and includes things like criminal history and legality of buying guns. It would need to be universal to prevent it becoming a lite-registry. The person gets a token which is a number valid for a week. The seller can call a hotline or check a website and put in the code they’re given and it comes back confirming their check is legit. The seller can then go ahead and make the sale confident that they’re selling it to someone who’s not prohibited. 
I really don’t want to make it racial but… come on, at this point what other conclusion is there to draw? Between Parkland and the March 30 kids were shot and killed in Chicago. No one talks about that, no one marches for it, twice as many kids dead and no one gives a shit. Why? Because they’re inner city minorities and those people are just going to kill themselves. A dozen and change middle class white kids get shot and suddenly we’ve got a month of media coverage and marches all over the place. And what’s the solution? Are we talking overall gun violence? No, just ban some guns that look scary. Work to fix the inner cities? Income inequality? Reform prisons? Talk about the failed war on drugs and its impact on a huge swath of young men in our country? Ugh, those are all poor people problems from the inner city, they get no traction in suburbia. Let the little brown kids kill each other just so long as little Johnny and Jane blonde hair blue eyes can go to school “safely,” we’re good.
I understand your hesitancy about being able to build your own serial numberless gun however there is a good reason you can build your own weapons at home. It’s actually a requirement for a functional second amendment. You have a right to arms, period. What would be your options to procure arms if making your own was illegal and say you were poor or didn’t live near a gun store/FFL and have no way to get to one because your local government zoned them out of your city or the government’s gone a step further and instituted a “Gun manufacturer Tax,” that’s driven domestic production right out of the country and importation is ludicrously expensive? What does your right mean then? That’s why you can legally build your own gun. Now admittedly, there’s a world of difference between a pipe shotgun and an 80% lower, but the principle behind it is the same.


It would be akin to saying that you have the right to free speech, so long as your speech is published in a pre-approved periodical or book and oops, we just put a paper tax of $150 a sheet in place. No, you have the right to speak your mind regardless.


Now the limitation on such weapons is that you can’t resell it which is fine, I don’t see a problem with that.
Serious question, because I really don’t get it. What’s the justification for not allowing you to defend yourself? It seems utterly ridiculous. You have a gun in your house. Two big dudes are busting down your front door with baseball bats… or cricket bats… whatever, you’re not allowed to get your gun and defend yourself, you’ve gotta… what, let them beat your ass or go to jail? I just can’t fathom that.
This will do nothing to slow down mass shooters. By and large they can pass background checks, and they won’t care about the added expense because they are planning on dying in the event. Who does this screw? That’s right boys and girls, law abiding gun owners!


The point isn’t to stop mass shooters, the lawmakers have admitted that nothing they do will stop them, this is 100% about exploiting a tragedy to push through legislation working to disarm the general populace.
Everything else, literally everything else my XD will shoot a 2” group at 10 yards. I load Remington it’s a 4” group at best. The loading on their 22 ammo is amazingly inconsistent, like, they must actually work on making it as bad as it is. One empty case will rocket out of the chamber like it was launched, the second will dribble out and fall under the gun and about every 30 to 50 rounds one’s so light it won’t even cycle properly. I made the mistake of trying to zero my scope when I was shooting Remington. Wasted I don’t know how long screwing around with it. Finally stopped, emptied the mags and reloaded with CCI. Had it shooting dead on in less than five rounds, shoots point of aim everytime. Switch back to Remington, you’d think I fired birdshot down range.
“The constitution is outdated!”


Says the woman currently at a march exercising her 1st amendment rights, which the Constitution guarantees. 


...for fuck’s sake...
The drive-in in my hometown does the same thing. Farmer’s markets, swap meets, pretty much any kind of community get together during the day, double features at night. Thankfully it’s still going strong, every night it’s pretty loaded with cars, I think my town would have a revolt if it ever threatened to close.
Getting to jet set around with him most likely, while he gets to be famous on TV they get to go play tourist in big cities, or they’re getting money to let this kid go on tour. Or maybe it’s really depressing and they’re just letting him go do it because fuck why not let your kid become the mouth piece for someone else’s agenda.
Just a tax break on a gun safe doesn’t do anything to the 4th Amendment. The problem is if you make verification of “proper storage” a requirement it effectively means you have to be willing to have the cops come barging in at any time to verify compliance. This is what happens in Europe with storage requirements on guns, you essentially have to allow the police free reign in your home whenever they want it.
Gee, why can't we just compromise guys? 
Well if you’re going to pick something besides the legal definition of a firearm knock yourself out. Just realize that most of the guns you get back will be non-functional junk no more capable of firing a shot than an empty receiver. In fact in that context since the lower receiver can easily be made into a functioning rifle without a single background check it’s better to get it off the street than it would be granny’s busted up .22.


If not there’s always pipe shotguns. Those are cheap to whip together.
According to the ATF a receiver is a fully functional, regulated firearm.
No, because the only way to verify that is random, unsolicited inspections. I mean you wanna offer a tax break for a gun safe? Sure, go ahead, but sacrificing my 4th Amendment rights for a kickback? Fuck that noise.
Because gun deaths only really count when it happens to middle class white people. Sure, they’ll add all those inner city minorities to the numbers to make them look good but actually acknowledge there’s a problem and do something about it? Yeah, no.
No but statistically speaking the kids in that school are more likely to drown in their pools or be killed by a drunk driver on the way to school than be killed by a school shooter, by two orders of magnitude.
Sounds good to me, just let me bop on down to Home Depot so I can make a basket of pipe shotguns to pay for my next AR. Actually at your prices lowers would be a better idea. I can buy a dozen unfinished or blemished lower receivers which will run me $100 or less including the FFL transfer each, turn them in and buy a pair of SCARs, well maybe a SCAR and a really nice AK.
Heller covered weapons in common use, semi-automatic AR-15 and AK style rifles are the very definition of common use.
Fantastic, now I'll never not hear that after the rogue warning.
I'm going to vehemently disagree with you on the last one.
Drive ins were great. The wife and I went to our local drive in a lot when we were dating. One day I hope to see a whole movie at a drive in.
The look on his face mirrored the audience.
Really, really shitty ammunition.
You have a right to life, not a right to be perfectly safe at all times. In fact your right to life is the reason for the 2nd amendment. If you have the right to life then you have the right to defend your life.
Marissa is also about 320 times more likely to take her own life than be killed in a school shooting.
It’s like any contagion, fewer infection vectors means fewer infections. The media can still cover it, but the don’t have to make the shooter a celebrity. They can just report them as, “The shooter.”


Right now they like to use the excuse, “Well if we don’t, someone else will.” So they all do it. The “someone else,” is pretty nebulous and frankly is Bob’s Blog going to suddenly take over the airwaves if CNN, Fox, MSNBC, and their local affiliates put a stopper on it? No, they won’t.
There isn’t one.


Sorry, that’s reality. You cannot be 100% safe at all times. There are people out there, psychopaths, evil, deranged, whatever word you want to put to them but they exist and they have so much hatred for everyone else that they will do these kind of things. Driving cars into crowds, bombs, mass shootings, they all come from the same place.


>gun control has been effective in other countries at stopping mass shootings…


And in their place you get people driving vans into cafes, bombs, grenades, and oh right, people still getting guns and going on mass shootings like in France. Guns are simply the method of attack that’s popular in the US, but mass violence is present all across the world including Europe. Restrict guns and they’ll find something else. The Nazi in Charlottesville who ran into the crowd? The only reason that didn’t rack up a dozen dead or more is him almost immediately smashing into a parked car which limited things.


>firearms is correlated to increasing deaths.


Except not. The UK banned most gun ownership and violent crime didn’t change. Their rates of violent crime and homicide remained almost the same before and after the ban. Same thing in Australia, massive gun ban and buyback… violent crime rate soldiers on unchanged. If you compare homicide rates to gun ownership a starting relationship jumps out, namely, there is none. While the US has an order of magnitude or two more private gun ownership than other first world nations it doesn’t have a similarly higher crime rate. Meanwhile places like Norway significantly outpace gun ownership in most of Europe and yet have one of the lowest homicide rates. It’s almost as if guns are just lumps of metal and plastic with no ability to cause crime on their own.


>There are thousands of kids who are angry right now.


Yes, and many of them are angry because they’ve been told to be by the media. And almost all are angry because they’re children and aren’t exactly the best at approaching problems logically. There’s a reason why teenager and poor decision making are synonymous. Yes, some are likely going to wind up as voters soon, though statistically speaking it will be a pitifully small number of them, and I doubt they’ll be able to sustain this level of disdain for several years or that it’s really going to matter. Yes, most are going to vote D, but right now the democrat party is overrun with gun grabbers and even if Dems don’t do anything on guns are all these kids going to suddenly vote R? No, neither party has any real reason to care what these kids think.


>So what specific steps and policies do you think the state should take to effectively decrease public shootings without infringing upon 2A?


Nothing that’s been proposed with respect to gun control is going to stop school shootings. In fact one of the big reasons I can’t take the current teenage movement seriously is how their list of “demands” would accomplish nothing towards stopping another school shooter.


If you actually want to stop school shootings there is one clear path. The recent incident in Maryland is a crystal clear example of how, more trained people with guns willing to stop these assholes. Yeah, let teachers carry. I’m not suggesting that every teacher be issued a Glock and not just because Glocks suck, fight me. I’m saying that if a teacher has their CCW and is willing to go through training from the police department they should be allowed to carry on campus. Shootings happen at schools because they are big soft targets full of people to kill and by law few if any people who can stop them. Right now the “best practice,” for stopping a shooter is to confront them immediately with an armed response and you’re not going to get much more immediate than people currently on school grounds who are armed.
I’ve had my heart pretty majorly smashed before in highschool. I definitely moped and did the “lovesick puppy,” schtick. At NO point did I ever consider going to school and shooting her. What the hell is going on in that newsroom?
Eh, unless you take the compass test and wind up almost dead center.
“Subsonic is bad for self defense,” is leaving out a ton of details. First off, almost all .45 is subsonic and works just fine for self defense. Secondly, if the bullet designer knows what he’s working with he can design a round that will expand properly. It’s bad if the bullet designer assumes he’s flying downrange at 2,500 fps but is actually only going 950. Properly designed, with a heavier bullet and a cavity designed to expand at lower velocity subsonic can do just fine.


Really, if the noise is such a major concern, the supersonic crack of the round is one of the major sources of noise in a gunshot. Even if you suppress the gun, if you’re using supersonic ammo the crack will still be there. You need a suppressor and subsonic ammo to maximize hearing protection.


Oh, that good self defense ammo, it’s going to be expensive. Use the cheaper bulk stuff to practice with and keep a mag or two of the good stuff for self defense.
There’s nothing you can do in a CCW self defense situation about your hearing. You will not have time to put in/on your ears and you can’t concealed carry a silencer simply due to the bulk, not sure about the legality. If you have to draw to defend yourself it’s going to suck and there’s no getting around that. Better deaf and alive than dead.


At home you’ve got more options, namely an AR-15 in 300 Blackout (BLK) slinging subsonics. Even with a suppressor a gun is loud, but 300 BLK is designed for suppressor use and you can easily get your hands on subsonic ammo for it which will make it about as quiet as you’re going to get a firearm you can trust your life to. 


If you want to make it for home use you want to build an AR pistol. This will let you build a very compact rifl… I mean pistol, without having to go through the ATF twice. You can buy a stripped lower, which is just the receiver and nothing else, and put everything together yourself if you want the ultimate in adult legos, or you can buy a complete lower. For your first gun I’d recommend a complete lower. You’ll have to get a background check done for it at your local gunstore but that’s no big deal. Make sure you’re buying a pistol lower, that’s the important part, and get an “arm brace,” for it, most places that sell pistol lowers will have the pistol lower already with an arm brace on it. Also make sure the barrel is threaded so you can easily attach your supporessor when you get it.


Since you’re going to put a can on it make sure when you get the upper that it’s a 10.5” or shorter barrel. The can adds length which is bad inside your house so you want a compact gun to begin with. Getting a suppressor is going to require submitting paperwork to the ATF along with a $200 “fuck you” fee and then a wait of half a year or more. However once they deign to allow you to buy what is essentially safety gear you can get your can and boom, you’ve got a quiet gun you can trust your life to.
There are some who'd be fine with it. They don't like the 1st, 2nd, or 4th.
There is no kill like overkill.
Captain Israel
I've got nothing. This is the biggie on my wishlist.
We needed some new beach chairs last week. I drove a few more miles to go to Academy instead and will be doing so for the foreseeable future.
Given how it’s coded I think Bethesda was trying to make it impossible not to get. Someone had to intentionally code it so that the protectron could get the disease and pass it to you. That’s way beyond what could be explained by Bethesda’s usual level of incompetence.
That would require Bethesda to be even marginally aware of just how colossally stupid the Institute is.
Well, there goes $50.
Sexsells is still going strong. I strongly suspect this was targeted at a small group of subs and a lot got caught up in it just to look legit like the beer and cigar subs.
cOMmOn SenSE gUn CoNTrol
This is… just the stupidest shit. I have such a love/hate with Vox. First off, the Constitution applies everywhere to everyone. You CANNOT deny city dwellers their rights because they live in a city. Never mind how would that even work? Can you imagine trying to drive somewhere? You hit the city limits and your truck gun goes from perfectly legal to a 10 year felony then when you’re out the other side you’re legit again? What happens when a previously rural area urbanizes? What’s the tipping point between rural and gun rights and urban and felonies? Is it when there’s a Starbucks in walking distance?


Also, rural people get more use? I live in the suburbs of a major city and the police response time is 10 minutes on average. Besides, it’s a right, no one is asking, “Well do you really use the 1st amendment? Would it really inconvenience you that much to squelch you?”


>Gun violence is disproportionately concentrated in densely populated areas…


And they can’t connect the dots. It’s right there and they can’t stop staring at the guns to see the actual problem. “Why are homicides so concentrated in dense urban centers?” They’re staring right at the problem and rather than do something to fix it it’s “gotta grab those guns, surely that’s the only problem facing the inner city.”


>Suicide… until recently has been largely ignored…


By the media, by the fucking media. We’ve been saying for years the “Firearms deaths” statistics are bullshit as they include suicide, accidents, police shootings, self defense shootings, and murder. It’s only now that we’ve beaten you over the head with it for a decade that you finally can’t obfuscate and use bullshit numbers.
Bingo, make actually navigating around next to fucking impossible and keep people from buying.
The 10th plainly states that the Federal Government only has the powers granted to it by the states or Constitution and what’s this… civil rights are in the Constitution? The 11th covers lawsuits against states from non-state residents… so… wha? The 16th is the Federal income tax and how it doesn’t have to share with states. So sort of totally the opposite of your point.


Try reading the 14th, which contains the equal protection clause which the Supreme Court ruled in Strauder v. West Virginia that the Federal Government can most definitely overrule the states when the states start to fuck with people’s civil rights and then in Bolling v. Sharpe where they ruled that NO ONE is exempt from the 14th and therefore the bill of rights.


And just for good measure we kind of had a civil war that settle who’s dick’s bigger and it turns out it’s the Federal Government, not the State’s.
Mandatory UBC means a registry means a big no from me. Also, I haven’t dug into this piece of shit’s background but would a background check have stopped this kid from buying a rifle?


High capacity magazines, first off 30 rounds is standard, second of all the shooter used 10 round magazines sooo, yeah. People don’t understand how quickly you can change a mag. This will also have no impact on almost any other gun crime.


Assault style gun ban, weapon of war BS. First off, grandpappy’s old hunting rifle? Weapon of war. That nice 1911, weapon of war. A remington model 700? Weapon of war. Right alongside “assault style,” this is meaningless bullshit. Never mind that given the stupidity of the last AWB.


Gun research, it’s funny they both blame the Dewey Amendment and then admit that the CDC interpreted it very conservatively and yet don’t seem to connect the two. I swear I found a list of all the papers the CDC put out in either 2015 or 2016 on gun violence and it was a surprisingly large number. The restriction is from advocating gun control, not prohibiting study.


Registry, fuck you kid.

Because that's who I want moralizing at me, banks.
Exactly, facilitate is the weasel word they'll use to justify nuking any sub they don't like. After all, so much as saying, "I got a good deal at PSA." Could be called facilitating.
Sitting on his porch on Tatooine, sipping a drink, watching the twin suns set. When the finally do he gets up, stretches,  smiles at the camera, and thats the movie.

I'd see it twice.
Probably should have asked about it before they let him go.
Well if they'll ban airsoft too I wouldn't feel safe 
That group is going to vote D even if they never mentioned guns ever.
So this is meaningless, their definition includes any piece of receiver grade material bigger than a pack of cards.
He posted when the post was only at about 100 upvotes.
This is why bills should just have numbers associated with them
I'm amazed you can drop anchor in the Gulf without pulling up AR's. I miss mine, they never warn you about the true dangers of boats.
I’m worrying about a problem that can exist as a result of such a law. It doesn’t really matter if law abiding gun owners will comply, I think the last twenty years have established that even if we do we still get fucked. The edge cases, the law breakers are driving the regulation, which they will ignore anyways.


If such a law is put on the books and the checks are legally mandated I know the very first thing I’m going to do if it’s my job to enforce the law, is point out that I can’t. This instantly opens the door to the question of how I could, to which I reply, registry. Since the 2nd amendment folks have already signed off on the UBC, well then you’ve gotta give us a registry to enforce it. It would be like putting up a speed limit sign and then very publicly telling everyone you won’t enforce it.


The answer is simple, don’t require it, don’t make not using it a felony. Make it voluntary. Even better, set the system up so anyone needing a background check can use it. Law abiding and conscientious owners will use it since it’s harmless.
Wording specifically chosen to allow them to do whatever they want.
And a special gun.
He gave statistics and talked tangentially about something that sort of relates. Puts him in the top 10% from my experience. 
If you don't think guns are nerdy you've clearly never listened to two guys discussing the finer points of reloading ammo.
Nice, love my shield.

Just so sad I lost it in a tragic boating accident.
Well then it shouldn't be to hard to prove me wrong. But you can't, I used the Aussie's, Brit's, and FBI's own stats so... fuck off.
Jeezus, I just ate man.
Seriously, everything someone might find on /r/gundeals would have to go through an FFL and have a background check. Isn’t… isn’t that what people want? 
So uh, what did you get?
At least a quarter million total subs had their subreddits nuked with zero warning.
Thankfully they'll miss bestgunnit.
Steel, aluminum, titanium, all kinds of polymers, we really just need to ban half the periodic table, for the children. 
Who the hell gets bent out of shape over cigars?

Shit guys, I mean who gets bent out of shape about people trading them.
The banned subs that didn't even fall under their own guidelines. /r/gundeals wasn't a market place or for trading. It was literally "There's a good deal over at this website "
Countries run by idiots.
It is not. Following both the UK and Australia gun bans the overall violent crime rate did not change, it continued on it’s previous course. Also, the assault weapons ban of 1994 had no appreciable effect on the crime rate either and when it expired in 2004… nothing changed then either. At least that’s according to the FBI, dunno how reliable a source they are.
I cant believe no one ran against. "I have no experience in on government, no intention to even finish this race, but I'm not a fucking Nazi so I've got that on my opponent."
Remember, there is nothing below the recommended videos, nothing.
Gotta love anchoring. He starts off authoritatively stating, “There is no constitutional right to an AR-15,” as if it’s true and not up for debate. Consequently the Congressman has to spend the entire time just defending the 2nd amendment. He didn’t want a “debate or dialogue” because he stated his conclusion right up front and then acted like it was fact. It lets him frame the entire debate as him being reasonable with the rule of law behind him and the congressman look like he’s fighting for something unreasonable and unconstitutional. It didn’t even have to get started to see where this was going to go. I also love how he threw in a quote from the 4th circuit like it was the last word on the debate, ignoring Heller vs. DC entirely.


It doesn’t help that the Congressman was totally unprepared. No one cares how nice the NRA is. He should have been ready, especially given that it’s an MSNBC interview, for it to turn south and Heller vs. DC is about as basic as it gets.
I honestly think it’s because most of them never really threw off the oppression of their ruling classes. Since the medieval era they’ve gotten used to the idea that the guy in the castle with the silly hat and fancy chair got to dictate what they could and couldn’t do. Their rights were granted to them from their rulers and their governments were always allowed to take them away when they felt like it. They’re just used to that way of thinking and their rulers are in no hurry to dissuade them. Look how much of a twist the panties of the pricks in Brussels get into whenever the governed want to have some say in the laws they hand down and I’m not talking about Brexit, entirely.
Nice to know I'm not alone.
I have some concerns however.


Swiss background checks, I’ve been advocating for these since I heard about their system. My biggest concern is compliance. It would be very hard to enforce compliance without a registry. After all, with no record of the seller or what’s sold it becomes pretty much impossible to prove that the seller didn’t do their do diligence. I’m presuming that selling a gun without the check would be illegal, likely a felony. Well how do you prove it? This is the thing that concerns me about mandatory private sale background checks. I don’t see any way to enforce it besides setting up a registry so you know who has what and sold it to whom. My concern is always that you’ll get a seemingly good law like this, but then you’ll have lawmakers turn around and say, “Well golly gee, to make this law work we need a registry. Gosh, guess we’ll just have to put one in so that system you 2nd amendment guys supported can work!”


ERPO’s are a sore spot with me. While they certainly sound good on the surface, it also seems like a system that would be highly abusable. It would be very easy to get a few seize happy judges in place and see a lot of people’s rights get flushed. My other issue is that I rarely see these laws have anything in them about determining if someone truly is a risk, treatment for the issue, and hard guidelines for the return of property. 


Classifying bumpstocks as machine guns is another problem. Simply put, how do you define a bumpstock? We’ve had too many nebulous gun laws pass that give the ATF ample room to play and make rulings. I don’t want that. I want a hard and fast law, but how do you define it? After all, a wooden dowel of the right length can do the same thing, or a belt loop, or just anyone who’s practiced the technique and we’ve seen the ATF use that kind of ambiguity to rule that a shoelace was a machinegun. I don’t want to worry about my puppers if an ATF agent finds me in possession of a wooden dowel or 2 inch denim strip and I sure as shit don’t want to have to pay $200 and get my finger serialized. I have yet to see a single bumpstock law that wasn’t a fucking trainwreck. Finally, is it even worth it if again, I can use a wooden dowel to bumpfire any semi-auto gun and the stock is merely a convenience item?


The problem with these kind of ideas is rarely the big picture. In the grand scheme of things they sound tolerable to good but the problem is that with laws like these the devil is in the details and the people writing the details don’t know shit about guns.
And has no impact on overall violence. People get beaten or stabbed to death instead.
Ok, so you have zero idea what you're talking about. Got it.
There's some serious cognitive dissonance going on.
You do realize Bloomberg and Soros are both white right?
It’s an interesting argument. When it comes to online video, what really are your alternatives? Aside from a few select pornography sites nothing has the kind of global reach of Youtube, not even 1/100th of it. It has become a largely open forum and is used as such and seen as such. Google was more than happy to let every yahoo in the world come and spout off on their platform and so they did, to the point where its become the de facto place to do it. Now they want to reel it back in. Can they, or did they allow the space to become co-opted to the point that they have lost control over that aspect of it? Never mind the way that YouTube has become a repository for so much knowledge and learning, does Google have the right to selectively suppress information it doesn’t like given the use of it by the public?Really, online media is becoming a massive forum for public discourse and are we ok with letting a handful of private companies regulate that discourse?


I’m tempted to say this would have a chilling impact on any social media platform but really, this gives them the perfect shield against people getting pissed about what their users upload. “Sorry, federal law says we can’t disallow it unless it crosses a legal line.” I’m curious if it would matter what restrictions a site put on what could be posted from the outset and how assiduously they were enforced. If you didn’t clamp down on content with an iron hand from the outset could your service morph into such a federally mandated free speech zone, or is it one simply by creating that kind of service. If, for instance, you carefully curate users can post can you maintain your site like a…community magazine, able to dictate what you host vs. Google, Twitter, and Facebook’s approach of erecting a gargantuan whiteboard and telling everyone on earth to have at it.


The real key is the alternatives and how they are presented to the court. The older generation don’t really get tech but YouTube is such a prevalent service I wonder how familiar they might be with it. Also, how important it is to current society with ever fewer people watching TV or reading papers.
Care to elaborate?
Unless you're about fifty pages down /r/all you're here because you intentionally came here or subscribed.
>I don't give a fuck what you call them.  

All evidence to the contrary.
That's a ....bad thing? Or maybe I'm getting excited thinking about huffing all those Hoppes and Rem Oil fumes.
How is that not the liberal end game? Minorities exercising their civil right of self defense to prevent their victimization? 

I mean fuck why isn't that the American endgame. A land where gay married couples can defend their homes with legally purchased AR-15s and so can anyone else with anything they so choose? Except a Taurus...
Agreed, the fact that it constantly gets renewed with little debate just eats away at my faith in the system.
I don’t think they actually hate guns. People in Bloomberg’s financial strata have largely removed themselves from the day to day concerns of normal people. A bunch of poor people (and to people like him we’re all poor) killing each other isn’t really important. What’s important are wedge issues. Issues you can use to keep the proles screaming at each other. Seriously, the rank and file of both parties have spent the last thirty years having hissy fits about things like the 2nd Amendment and Abortion, things neither side has any chance of actually getting what they want, while their party’s have come to largely just be corporately owned legislative branches of big business. When corporations like Exxon or Lockheed snap their fingers do you think any of the politicians even glance their constituents way before heeling for their employers?
It’s just something we’ve accepted, we’re numb to it. Same with alcohol. It’s so ingrained into the culture that no one really thinks about it. Seriously, point out to someone that drunk drivers kill more people than guns (if you remove suicide and defensive use from the gun death statistics) or that suicide will kill 320 times more kids than mass shooters and watch the cognitive dissonance kick in. If they don’t instantly knee jerk into decrying you for whataboutism or “it’s not the same,” you can practically see their brain trying to shift without a clutch as they try to reconcile something that wildly clashes with their world view. Nine times out of ten they will just blow you off about it being “not what we’re talking about or the like.” That tenth one though, it’s not every day you get to see someone absorb new information, integrate it into their world view, and really figure out what impact it has on said worldview but I’ll be damned if it’s not rewarding when you do see it. Even if that person doesn’t wind up agreeing with you at least you know you’re talking with someone whose brain is engaged and is willing to rationally consider what’s being said.
I didn’t think I could dislike Hillary any more, and then I saw that video. “Fuck all those flyover people, I won the rich vote.” Do you fucking hear yourself bitch?


Still, my point remains. If she never said one word on guns would any of the people who voted for her have switched to Trump
I don’t exactly want to look to the Joker as a source of political philosophy but… as many kids were shot and killed in Chicago in the month following Parkland as did in it. No one gives a shit because that’s “normal,” that’s, to put it in the clown’s terms, part of the plan. The people living in the inner cities are just gonna kill each other, meh. I mean we’re happy to throw those deaths on the heap to help bump up the stats so when a bunch of middle class suburban white kids get shot we can cry all over cable news for a month. 17 Kids get shot in Chicago? Whatever.


Maybe actually talk about the problems of the inner city and how to fix them? Confront the issues that lead to gangs being so prevalent? Actually fix prisons so our re-offender rate isn’t ridiculously high? No, that would be work.


I don’t want to make it a race thing but… I mean look at it. It’s kind of hard not to see it as a race thing when more people, mostly minorities, mostly on the bottom of the socio-economic ladder, will die in Chicago this year than will die to all mass shooters this decade and no one seems to give a shit, but the moment that kind of violence comes to the predominantly white suburbs… time for some swift action and since those areas don’t have as much of a problem as the inner cities do we’ll settle for quick and ineffective action which does nothing to address the over all problem rather than deal with those icky inner-city underclass people.


It’s just so fucking frustrating to see the problem, see the solution, and see society as a whole decide, “Fuck that noise,” the real problem is inanimate lumps of metal and plastic.
It's a literal good guy with a gun ending a school shooting. It's their kryptonite. 
When we got to Charlottesville I thought this would be it, this will be the moment when liberals get it. Literal Nazis and the KKK marching hand in hand, en mass, in broad daylight in a US city. There is no fucking way that they will be able to look at this shit and not get why they need to protect their right to defend themselves.


Man was I naive.
I do not understand the absolute obsession that democrats have with gun control. What demographic are they pandering too? What demographic out there would flip on them and vote straight R if they dropped gun control? All this does is give Republicans ammo. They don’t have to suddenly go progun. They just have to stop with this stupid shit and take the wedge issue away from Republicans.


It’s like my son, I tell him, “All you have to do to not get in trouble is Shut. Up. Stop talking and you’re golden.”


“...but DaaAAAaaaAAAd…”
You’re not wrong about safety, but I’m more concerned about getting new people into things. Just being able to look things up on YouTube can let people get interested in things and create new hobbyists. More people reloading means more products being brought to market, more choice, better quality, lower prices. If fewer people get into reloading everything gets more expensive and we have fewer choices.
Yes, but only if you look at things honestly. Look at the old “Firearms Deaths,” statistic, how long did they bang the drum of “30,000 deaths!” I’m only now starting to see the fact that 2/3rds of that number are suicides and it includes everyone who dies by a gun including criminals shot by police and people defending themselves working its way into common discussion.


Statistics are incredibly simple to manipulate and they always require a critical eye examining how they are arrived at. That’s something today’s meme based culture and news just isn’t interested in. Big flashy statistic that supports my pre-existing viewpoint? Sign me up! One bogus stat could spawn a line of bullshit that will take years to refute and we can’t afford to spend years refuting new lies when we’re still trying to dig out from under the current crop.
Patriot act did the same to the 1st, 4th, 5th, and 6th amendments. 
Absolutely, it’s just like anything, you can always go hunt down the experts and ask them directly. The problem is you’re constrained to what you can find. With YouTube or its ilk you can pretty much instantly find what you’re looking for exactly, but also more than just one video on it letting you get multiple points of view almost instantly. It’s several orders of magnitude more convenient and thorough.
Yes, and if I recall in almost all cases you can apply for the license and the authorities have complete discretion to say, “No, fuck you,” and deny it. I haven’t seen the numbers but I’m willing to bet that said applications from rich assholes are denied WAAAAAY less frequently than those coming from the less affluent.
Poll taxes were enacted during reconstruction specifically to prevent blacks from voting. You were grandfathered in if you could legally vote prior to the civil war, aka white males, but if not you had to pay a tax to vote. The practice was struck down by the Supreme Court under the 14th amendment.


You have a constitutional right to own a firearm. This is an attempt to raise the price of firearms and ammo (ammo being a requirement for a functional firearm) to the point where you can’t exercise your constitutional right. I guarantee that if this passes then they will immediately set about raising the tax even further.
Poll taxes were already struck down once.
Every American should be a single issue voter when it comes to our civil rights. 
The military isn’t the problem. First of all, it’s illegal to use the US military for domestic law enforcement. Secondly, to turn the military on the citizenry would require the military to just reject their oath to the constitution and start accepting illegal orders. If a wannabe tyrant tried to do it best case scenario for them is the military just grinds to a halt due to large swathes of it refusing illegal orders. Any tyrannical rule will be carried out by law enforcement and even that’s sketchy.


The real problem is this, there is about 1 law enforcement officer (local and federal,including support roles, not just beat cops) for every 400 citizens and 1 rifleman for every 1,100 citizens. If an armed US populace decided they were done with the government’s shit there would be nothing the government could realistically do about it. That’s the way it’s supposed to work. 
Oh look, a poll tax. This is surely legal and not at all a gross violation of civil rights that has already been ruled on by the supreme court. 
That's a lot of Nazis.
Just as damning that one guy in his spare time can do as good a job as a multi-million dollar FX team.
In the case of Tiannamen their army did fragment. Many of the initial units halted, unwilling to attack the protests. The massacre happened when they brought in rural conscript units to crush the educated urban protesters. The US doesn't have divisions based off geographic locations.
We live in a much more interconnected time period. Fifty years ago it’s unlikely anyone outside of this town would ever hear of an incident like this. Today I can find out all the details of a murder in Mumbai if I wanted.
The media doesn’t have to curtail coverage, they have to curtail glorifying it. Stop reporting the shooters name, stop showing his face, stop replaying every bit of gorey footage they can find, and stop talking about the victims like it’s a scoreboard.


Instead, it’s a race to the bottom. They all assume one of the other stations WILL report that kind of stuff and will get the ratings, therefore they all do it so they don’t miss out. They know they inspire copycats and we’ve even had shooters leave notes explicitly stating they were doing it for the notoriety… news stations are just ok with the bodies so long as that sweet sweet ad revenue keeps coming in.
I was addicted to the ping. I used that gun waaaay more than made sense for the pure satisfaction of it.
Jesus washed the feet of a prostitute.
"She seems nice."
There's no benefit. Best case scenario the test is clear and he's Charles' son. Congrats you quashed a few rumors almost no one cared about or took seriously. Except you didn't because you'll just be "faking results," and nothing will come of it. Worst case scenario he's not Charles' son and shit just got real.

There's no upside and a monumental downside. So long as everyone keeps their official mouthes shut you're better off just assuming he's legit.
Private company, private service. They can operate it how they choose.
Never trust someone with a clean hardhat.
The 6th also guarantees your right to confront your accuser and cross examine them. This also applies to physical evidence against you. Parallel Construction masks how information was collected preventing you from properly confronting and defending yourself against it.
I’m fairly certain I’m not. The police can’t just get a blanket warrant. For instance, they couldn’t get a blanket search warrant for every building in a two block radius of the crime scene, nor could they get every phone call made in the area at the time. The issue with cellphones and most other electronic communication is the government trying to end run these kind of restrictions though creative bullshit because most of these laws were codified long before anyone even imagined a wireless telephone.


The state should be held to the same standard as any warrant. They have to have a reasonable suspicion for requesting the warrant, they have to detail what is being searched, and what they are looking for, specifically. A request to “Just let me search everything for anything, I’ll know it when I see it,” would get you thrown out of a judge’s chambers for any other warrant.


See the FISA Court. Effectively a secondary supreme court, but one that we are not allowed to see what’s going on in. They meet and hold their rulings in secret not disclosing what’s on the docket. All we do know is they approve almost everything that comes in front of them. Any process should be undertaken in public. A secret court is no court at all.


In the four suspects case that is what they’re supposed to do. Identify suspects and be able to identify what they want. That’s a rational basis for a warrant and permissable.


In the already questioned supposition, that’s a totally different case. That’s 100% how things are supposed to happen. The problem is you can’t start with a dragnet, and if you do it doesn’t matter what you find, it’s all inadmissible. The additional problem is that the government can, and does, indulge in fabricating evidence to hide cases like this which should be double plus illegal.


The government has the power to strip citizens of their rights. In our nation there is no greater authority than taking away someone’s rights. Due to having that power the government MUST be held to a higher standard. It does not, and never should, matter how vile the criminal is, the government MUST play by the rules in every single case. If we allow the government to ignore the rules we are giving them a blank check to just do whatever they want.
However the real issue is that almost all gun crime is just one on one and therefore gun vs. bat vs. knife is irrelevant. In the end the victim is just as dead. Mass attacks are a statistical anomaly.

And a [box trucks kill people real fast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Nice_attack). So do [bombs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oklahoma_City_bombing).
Because the government is not allowed to do that, this isn’t an action movie where if you’re the good guy you can do whatever you “need” to do to catch the bad guys and it’s cool because they’re the bad guys. In this hypothetical the entirety of the prosecution’s case rests upon that initial phone dragnetting which taints everything that was based upon it.


Now, the sad reality is that parallel construction would almost certainly be used to disguise how they found out so that they don’t have to admit to wiping their asses with the 4th, 5th, and 6th amendments. Parallel reconstruction is one of those things like civil forfeiture that technically isn’t illegal, but really fucking should be.
I have serious doubts about that. September 11th was an anomaly, it required training, money, and finding 20 intelligent and dedicated people willing to die to accomplish it. Looking at the public face of national security, the TSA etc. it’s pretty clear they aren’t doing jackshit to keep us safe. The stuff we know about, the NSA and other alphabet agencies trying to gain access to things like Google and its ilk are not aimed at stopping terrorism. If the terrorists are planning September 11th part 2, Electric Terroroo on Google drive I will eat my hat. If any of the domestic spying is stopping attacks I have to imagine that somewhere in there was some idiot that you could trot out as a poster boy for why this works and is necessary that also wouldn’t compromise things, yet when asked for such an example we’re just told “Trust us,” as they violate our rights.


It also presupposes that somehow after 9/11 foreign terrorism went from almost unheard of to a common threat which I don’t believe as I said earlier, we’re no more or less open to attack now than we were on September 10th. So we’re under constant attack now but you can’t tell us about any of it?


No, I find the much more likely explanation is simple, bureaucratic inertia and just plain old boring power grabs. Being able to read everyone’s electronic lives is a powerful tool, one those in authority would be loathe to give up and that temptation is why we have… maybe had…. The 4th, 5th, and 6th amendments.
It’s almost entirely a threat. While armed rebellion is supposed to be an option if it comes to that, four boxes and all, in general the fact that there is only about 1 law enforcement officer per 400 citizens, or 1 rifleman in the military for every 1,100 citizens, and those citizens are well armed should give anyone really raring to give tyranny a try pause. If the armed citizenry collectively decides that it’s done with the government’s shit there’s really very little the government could do to stop it.


It’s supposed to be that way.
Yup, and as we saw in England and Australia you see a marked increase in things like knives, blunt objects, and fists being used. The violent crime rates in both cases didn’t flicker. Frankly I don’t see how being stabbed to death less terrible than being shot.
Actually if you look at the crime statistics of the rest of the world you’ll find that guns have nothing to do with it. The United States has a higher violent crime rate than most of the 1st world, this is absolutely true. However when you look at civilian gun ownership vs. violent crime you find there’s no real correlation. While the US has greater gun ownership by an order of magnitude or two it doesn’t have a correspondingly high rise in violent crime. What’s worse for that argument is that there are European nations with higher levels of gun ownership than the norm for Europe like Norway and Switzerland, that don’t have higher crime rates, but in fact have significantly lower than average crime rates for the continent.


Back it out and what does track much closer to the violent crime rate are things like general education level, more even wealth distribution, social safety nets, and economic opportunities. Which makes sense, guns don’t cause crimes, they are tools used during them. Address the underlying causes of crime and guns are irrelevant.
Actually a much more appropriate analogue would be oh… I dunno, a bunch of farmers and fur traders deciding they wanted to break away from the greatest empire on earth right around 1776. I seem to recall that one not going too great for the empire. 


I’ve written this out long form before but I’ll keep this short. No, the US military almost certainly would not be turned against the civilian populace. It is not only illegal but would require millions of service men to collectively decide, “Fuck my oath.” Any large scale attempt to turn the military against civilians would more or less end immediately as the military itself fragments and seizes up with large swathes of it refusing to follow orders. On top of this, in terms of riflemen the military can only muster about 300,000 men total from the Army and Marines. Even if the military wanted to they couldn’t begin to do much of anything besides secure a few major urban centers. Remember, the US military was dealing with a nation approximately 1/10th the size of the US, and much less technically savvy,  in Afghanistan and today the Taliban is pretty much totally back in control of the country. Also, how good would it look for an Abrams to be rolling down mainstreet or an F/A-18 to JDAM a daycare center?


No, if the US government decides to go full tyranny they’ll be relying on civilian law enforcement to do the job, and the population vastly out numbers and out guns them. If the general civilian populace decided that they were done with the local police there would be just about nothing the police could do about it.
They tried the terrorism angle with the San Bernadino shooters.
They tried to do it with the San Bernadino couple and their iPhones a while back. They pushed the terrorism angle hard on that one. Totally ignored everyone’s offers to crack the phones, insisting that this is why they needed a backdoor into everyone’s phone.
This is the kind of shit the NSA has been doing since 9/11. It’s just now seeping down to the local law enforcement because people just let it happen at a national level. Your 4th, 5th, and 6th amendment rights are entirely theoretical now in the digital space.
And remember, they can legally do this, then disguise where they find any information making it impossible for you to defend yourself. 

4th, 5th, and 6th amendments? That sounds like terrorist talk!
No... no we're not.
It was his last major uncontested win so he's gonna harp on it.
Figures, had to buy a second car to get parts for the first.
I'm just wondering where the hell you find parts for a spark. 
>The district said though it respects and recognizes free speech rights, they "are to be balanced against the district's responsibility to maintain a school environment focused on education." 

By facilitating the walk out they made that time about a protest, not about education. They don't have a single leg to stand on.
You have to admire their determination.
Oh for the love of…


You have to be allowed to build your own firearms for the 2nd amendment to work. It’s “You have the right to bear arms.” Not, “You have the right to bear arms so long as they’re manufactured by someone else.” If you’re not allowed to make your own weapons then how would you be able to exercise that right if there’s no one near you selling them, or if say no one domestically could build firearms anymore and importation was banned? It’s not a loophole, it’s a right.


Look at it this way, would the 1st Amendment make any sense if it only allowed you to publish your speech but could freely restrict you from simply voicing it yourself? Exact same thing here.
The last picture OP posted shows it having two, but they're separated by about a foot on a 200 foot long thing. 
"Heh," - Eisenhower, 1945
>3.5 hours


You can’t expect kids to be able to sit in a class and concentrate for hours on end in school. From homeschooling I learned after about three hours or so they’re done. You make them sit there and talk at them but they aren’t getting anything out of it even if you try and make it fun and engaging.


>9 am


I give my wife and kids grief about how they don’t wake up and really get going until 8 or 9, but honestly I envy them. When I’m home with them I get to see how their mornings go compared to mine when I was that age. No blaring alarm, no getting dressed and rushing out the door in the dark. No standing at a bus stop still half asleep and having an entire class period that I’m barely functional for right off the bat. They get up, wake up normally, eat a good breakfast, and get going so when school starts no one is passed out in their books or distracted. 
A lot of it is certainly that, it’s cheaper to make and so long as it outlast the warranty period mission accomplished. However that’s part of the problem, they’re only designed to survive the warranty period and that’s it. They’re also designed to be disposable, with no concern about being able to fix or sometimes even disassemble things without breaking them. Even if it’s not done maliciously the end result is the same, disposable goods where your only option if something breaks is to throw it away and get another one, and it’s practically designed to break.
The window mechanisms in my truck doors were like this. Most of the mechanism was metal, like you’d expect, except for the hub of the mechanism where the drive shaft was and where the operating cables wound around, it was plastic. The part of the mechanism that took the most stress was made from plastic that would get brittle as it aged practically guaranteeing it would fail, and to ensure you couldn’t replace just the hub, the press fit it in so the process of getting it out would fuck up the mechanism. Basically over time the hub would inevitably fail and you’d have to buy an entirely new mechanism.


Aftermarket mechanisms made the hub from steel so it never breaks.
The point isn’t to turn it into a shrug and move on kind of thing, it’s to put it in perspective. If all I did was watch cable news and listen to the talking heads I would wonder how schools can afford books with all the body bags they must be buying. There is a massive emotional response right now to what amounts to a statistically anomalous event. If you want a reference for how well we make decisions that way I’d turn your attention to 9/11, the TSA, the Patriot Act, and the War on Terror.


The last paragraph of my response was about how your cannot legislate this problem out of existence because the problem isn’t with rational law abiding people but with a handful, a literal handful of psychopaths who have decided that they want to harm people. These are not people who are going to be dissuaded by laws who would hesitate to violate a ban on whatever you want to put in place. Taking a chunk out of people’s 2nd amendment rights isn’t going to make you safer from these people.
Yes, a massive response that took a huge bleeding chunk out of our 4th through 6th amendment rights. Instituted a government department, the TSA, with a fantastic 5% success rate, got us into two decade long wars that cost us trillions and accomplished exactly fuck all except arguably giving us ISIS. Yeah, we really responded to a statistical anomaly well.
No I didn’t because everything I mentioned was as a direct result of the attack and done in the interests of “Doing Something!” That is entirely the point. We didn’t stick our heads in the sand, we jammed them in the woodchipper. Seriously, in the panic after 9/11 everyone was screaming to do something and we torched the 4th, 5th, and 6th amendments and put a damper on the 1st. Now we’ve got the same thing happening and we’ve got people happily ready to douse the 2nd in lighter fluid. The parallels are identical. 


The one thing, the one singular thing that we did that was a good idea and could have a chance of stopping hijackings and terrorists, was lock the cockpit doors. Out of all the trillions spent, tens of thousands of lives lost, hundreds of thousands of lives ruined, civil liberties wrecked, and terror sown on ourselves, a few hundred grand spent on sturdy doors and deadbolts has likely done more to dissuade copycats than anything else. A solution that didn’t require anyone’s rights to be infringed.
267 Kids have died in mass shootings since Columbine. Yes, that is 267 too many but that’s about 14 a year, which puts it in the realm of lightning and bee stings in terms of things likely to kill you. It is more than twice the number killed by black widows or brown recluse spiders and your pet dog is about as likely as the spiders to kill you. Oddly enough deer are likely to kill three times as many kids as school shooters. About 30 kids have been shot and killed in Chicago since Parkland.  I’m also willing to bet that way more than 14 kids will die this week because of lack of healthcare. Here’s the thing though, about 4,500 kids will commit suicide this year, many due to bullying. That means that it’s 320 times more likely that someone these kids know will die because of suicide than a mass shooting. In terms of “Things likely to kill my classmates,” the real leading killer is, “Being an asshole to them.”


Something terrible happened, and the news media made sure to shove bloodied kids in our faces for a week, but humans are fucking terrible at assessing the likelihood of threats to themselves outside of immediate, obvious problems, re: cigarettes and the lottery. While we do need to ask what happened and why, the answer isn’t a knee jerk response to enact poorly thought out legislation that could impact the civil rights of 330 million Americans today and who knows how many decades, even centuries into the future, re: Patriot Act.


The really unpleasant reality is that in a nation of 330 million individuals, Parkland and other incidents like it are such statistical anomalies that there is nothing you can do in terms of legislation to fix it directly. The problem isn’t large social groups, or even small social groups, the problem is a few individual psychopaths and you can’t fix or even dissuade those people with laws. This is why you have so many law abiding gun owners getting bent out of shape about this. We’ve got people wanting to take a hatchet to our rights and it’s not going to do a damn thing to make you any safer

Yeah we fucking did. The TSA's success rate is below 5%. We put in a gigantic amount of security theater that accomplished nothing. We put in place the Patriot Act which is one of the biggest civil rights violations since the japanese internment camps. We started torturing people whos main benefit was creating Al Queda recruitment videos. We started wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and where did most of the hijackers and all their money come from? Right, Saudi Arabia which we... lemme check... yes, sell tons of weapons to and buy their oil. Even Trump left them off his Muslim ban list.

So yeah, a worthless federal agency, civil rights violations, human rights violations, and two multi-trillion dollar wars which have accomplished fuck all. Well we did do something I suppose, make it all so much worse.
You’re right, vehicles built for speed tend to be long and slender. They also don’t drive over rough terrain, only in a straight line, and don’t use tracks as tracks add a tremendous amount of weight you’ve gotta move around that adds nothing to forward movement. If he’d just said, “It’s for going stupid fast,” then it would be odd and kinda nonsense to use tracks but whatever. Then he described it as a military vehicle for urban terrain, and it can’t turn. And for going fast over rough terrain, with zero suspension or ability to turn, which is just nonsense. It’s effectively designed to be terrible at everything it's supposed to do.
One hunting trip and suddenly my colonists have to climb over mountains of triceratops meat to get anywhere. 
The impressive part is watching one colonist deadlift the whole thing and carry it back like it was a bushel of apples.
...why wouldn't you?
Alright, I’m in the mood to be an ass.


This was clearly made by someone who has no clue how tracked vehicles work. First off, it can’t turn. Well, it could, but you’d measure it’s turn radius in kilometers. Tracked vehicles have a certain length to width ratio beyond which they become pretty much impossible to maneuver, it’s about 1.7 to 1 if I recall. This thing looks like it has about a 40 to 1 ratio. Urban terrain… with an exceedingly long, unable to turn, vehicle… right. Second, this thing couldn’t handle rough terrain, at all. Both it’s front and rear wheels have no suspension, at all. With no suspension travel this thing will brutalize it’s occupants, what’s worse, they have suspension in the middle on the smaller wheels which won’t make the ride any smoother but it will make it much easier to high center it. On the plus side I don’t think that thing has a turret, at least it doesn’t look like one from the front view which is good because if you fired that hair dryer over the beam you’d likely instantly roll this thing, but it’s also a downside because now you’ve gotta turn the thing to aim and turning is the one thing this monstrosity can’t do.
You’re absolutely right, but given that about 4,500 school kids commit suicide every year this could prevent more suicides in a single year than mass shooters kill in two decades. I won’t likely have an impact on shooters but it will save far more lives.
Your classmates are 320 times more likely to commit suicide than they are to be killed by a school shooter.
Of course it would make the news. It would be the most coherent speech Trump had ever given.
JJ never goes anywhere with his storylines. The man is obsessed with his mystery box crap.
Why yes officer, I sold my gun to John Smith who lives at 12345 GoFuckYourself Lane. His phone number is 867-5309.


Anyone who’s buying a gun privately to use it in commission of a crime isn’t going to hand over their contact information to some rando. Likewise, most legit buyers aren’t going to hand over their contact information to some rando. Second, why in the hell would you ever take that liability upon yourself as a seller or a buyer?
>statistically insignificant in what regard?

School kids have a better chance of being struck by lightning than die in a school shooting and 350 times more likely to take their own lives.

>The kids who organized the walkout lived through a tragedy. 

The kids who are fronting it did, but they aren't the organizers.

>Their voices and opinions deserve a platform 

Deserve? Eh... However they've had their say. When they get old enough they can vote on it if they like. The problem is that it's gone beyond activism to dragging in unrelated kids to a "protest" that borders on mandatory.

>-- despite the fact that most gun owners don't kill people. I just don't see why you need to be so needlessly insensitive. 

Because these kids are trying to restrict my rights.
You hit the wall the first time some sells it privately. 
I loved his change, stylish, accurate, not as assholish as you'd expect from him. 
I would argue this is a case where both together would be best.
In this case I think there's some overlap.
500 is still pretty minimal. 267 is just so low it makes lightning strikes a greater danger and suicide 350 times more dangerous. 
Which is fine, up until things go even a little bit sideways. Then they start to set fires, at night, when everyone is asleep, in the battery room. A pyro is just a way to make a bad situation that little bit worse.
Honestly I cannot recall. In the last few weeks I've combed so many sources that I couldn't begin to tell you which one. The Wikipedia list looks exhaustive however. If I'm wrong I'm wrong.
This entire arc has just been a painful watch. We started with killing two of my favorites, massive damper on my enthusiasm. Now, things have dragged on a season and a half past where they should have and only because people are just fucking idiots. It feels like we’re watching two hyper violent but staggeringly incompetent gangs flailing away at each other. Then, just when I could be more fed up with the show they take the best character in the show, one of the ones who’s developed the farthest and been the most interesting… and kill him in a stupid fucking gotcha moment they had to do a flashback to say, “No really, he got bit, we totally aren’t pulling that out of our asses.” My enthusiasm is stone cold dead. My wife is in the same boat, after watching the flashback episode to start the last half of the season neither of us has cared enough to watch the second episode.
While a lawsuit should be filed, for the most part sell the gun to your Dad for $1 and then have him store it at your place.
Seriously, has there been a violent crime committed with a .50cal against someone other than the owner's wallet?
The solution for violent crime isn’t difficult to figure out. Income inequality, low education, lack of social safety nets, and a punishment focused justice system are the causes of it. The better you are in those areas the lower your violent crime rate is. The problem is that you’re talking about massive systemic changes in the country that will take place over decades, if not generations, and will not be easy.


Much easier just to blame the black piece of plastic and metal.


I swear, Democrats can’t just let this lie. They practically have the midterms sewn up and yet they can’t just shut up long enough to win. This isn’t a stance on the issue anyone outside their base cares about so all it does is mobilize people against them.
>Think Mannlicher stock on an AR, and you have an idea of my lunacy.

...you have my attention.
Since Columbine 500 kids have died in school shootings. About 5,000 die every year due to suicide. Suicide is 200 times more likely to kill your classmates than a gun. If you were as outspoken about anti-bullying and getting kids help you’d save more kids in a single year than guns would kill in the next 20.
The NFA in ‘34, the Gun Control Act of ‘68, FOPA in ‘86, the Brady Bill in ‘93, the AWB in ‘94, I dunno what it looks like to you but we’ve given plenty of ground and what have we gotten in return….


[This Space Reserved for Actual Concessions from the Anti-2A Crowd]


Yeah, that much. How much compromise has been offered for this? The Hearing Protection Act? Concealed Carry Reciprocity? I haven’t heard a peep about those being offered in exchange. All I hear from the anti-2A crowd is demands for more and more of our rights and nothing in exchange, that’s not a compromise.
First, because it’s another stupid regulation. Banning bump stocks is pointless as bump firing can still easily be done with a stick, or a belt loop, or just your finger with the right amount of practice. Furthermore it’s just a lump of plastic, easily replicated. I 100% guarantee that more than a few people have these things 3D modeled out so they can be quickly printed out.


Second, most bump stock legislation includes wording for, “Any rate increasing device,” vague and meaningless tripe that the ATF will happily “interpret,” and that could mean any lightened trigger, any new trigger period, bolts, recoil springs, gas systems, hell, what exactly is the rate you’re not supposed to increase from since the rate everyone can fire at is different? Is it the rate that Jerry Miculek can rip’em off or is it how fast your grandma can? Even if you don’t think the ATF under Trump (HAHAHA) would go full force after this, it’ll still be law after the tangerine leaves office and the next guy takes over, and he could tell the ATF to go wild.


Yeah, I think bumpstocks are stupid toys and plan to go to my grave never having bought one but this legislation is 100% bullshit that needs to be fought.
Wait... wat? Even though it won't affect the murder rate banning guns is still worthwhile?  So what, stabbings, beatings, and bombings are nicer forms of murder?
Guess that gun control sword was just too shiny, he had to hurl himself on it.
I presume to generate Jiggawatta you need Will Smith involved in the process somehow. 
Fuck EVERYTHING about that.
Come on, 30 to 1 for Sarah after letting the Stormy thing slip? Try 3 to 1.
>and when one gets used in a crime, no way for the cops to connect it to its owner.


I need to go back and find the records but the number of legally purchased guns being used to commit crimes is stupidly low, to the point of such traces being pretty much worthless. Sure you might find the person who originally bought the gun but they almost certainly sold it, lost it, or had it stolen and there ends the utility of “tracing” a gun.


Ironically they used the San Bernadino shooting as support for the registration. That super sleuth in depth trace revealed that the guns used in that crime were bought by none. Other. THAN… the two cold corpses they had in the morgue already. But we uncovered a potential seller! Oh wait, it’s the next door neighbor someone who the investigators might just take a look at anyways so… yay?


>Cops are bad at describing guns.


Yeah, can be really hard to figure out what they are what with almost every modern gun printing things like the manufacturer and model on the gun itself.


>here it is, the 4473 that belongs to that lunatic


Umm, so what? No I mean really, what benefit was it to the investigation to find that the lunatic you already have in custody bought the gun you’ve already got in your hands that he was seen using, that has his fingerprints all over, etc. Now you know he legally bought it… hooray I guess?
While the courts should, the courts shouldn’t have to. Passing blatantly unConstitutional legislation should be grounds for immediate removal from office. Yes, some things get sideways with the courts in ways that couldn’t be foreseen, but saying, “Nah, you’re a legal adult but you don’t get this right for 3 more years,” isn’t one of them.
Well that's just fabulous.
You do realize that there are school resource officers who work in schools all day and are armed. This effectively says that officer is fine with 60 hours but the teacher standing literally next to them needs twice that to do the exact same thing.
I stopped taking it as disingenuous. Odds are the person talking really doesn’t think they want to take my guns. However, the odds are pretty good they actually do want to take some of them, but really, what’s so unreasonable about taking your fully semi-automatic babykilling deathmachine AK-15 that can fire 30 clip magazines per second. No one needs that. You can keep that nice wooden hunting rifle or the .22 revolver, you know the nice guns. I don’t want those. 


It’s usually “I don’t want to take ALL your guns, just the ones that scare me.” Though there are some scumbags who would repeal the 2nd in an instant yet will still say NOWTTYG just to sound reasonable.
I do not understand why the Supreme Court is always so willing to let the 9th Circuit go nuts.
Ok, but who needs guns right? That’s why we have the police! Well, no, you don’t. Warren vs. District of Columbia resulted in the Supreme Court ruling that the police have no special duty to protect you. Heck, at Parkland multiple officers waited outside while the shooting was going down, making no attempt to enter and stop it. While I agree that most of the time the police will try and help you it’s clear that there is nothing requiring them to. Even if they were required to… I live in a major city, the average police response time is 10 minutes in my area. So, even if the police were required to help me on average I could count on being at the tender mercies of someone who has chosen to cause me harm for ten minutes. Of course, they aren’t, so after they show up they could just wait for my assailant to tucker himself out beating me to death and then arrest him. This is one of the main reasons for the 2nd to exist, self defense. You can’t say someone has the right to life… and then not allow them to defend said life to the best of their ability.


Self Defense, not gonna happen! Remember the statistic from earlier? That there are about 10,000 gun murders in the US every year? Well, if you take the extreme low end of the estimates there are about 55,000 defensive gun uses in the US every year. If you go with the CDC’s numbers there are between 300,000 and 3 million defensive gun uses per year, the numbers are hard to pin down because many go unreported. It’s pretty clear however that DGU is between 5 and 30 times more common than murders with guns and that’s just taking the low end estimates.


Most of all, don’t get sucked into the emotional debate. Don’t make it about feelings. This isn’t a debate about one incident or even fifty. This is a debate about a fundamental right guaranteed in the Constitution. The kind of things that happen now will affect how people live in this country for hundreds of years. Setting the precedent that when something ugly and awful happens because someone abused a right is justification for curtailment and abolition of that right for everyone should horrify you regardless of what side of the debate you're on.
I maybe late but here goes.


You need to start at the basics, the 2nd Amendment. Like it or not, the right to bear arms is enshrined in the bill of rights alongside the freedom of speech, religion, your right to not be unreasonably searched, to a jury trial, to due process, etc. These are all individual rights set out to protect citizens rights from the government. Heller vs. DC affirmed this when the Supreme Court ruled that it is an individual right, irrespective of membership in any formal militia or group, and that the individual has the right to possess any arms in common use. This is both the start and ultimate test of any argument about gun control.


While the statistical realities are good, I’m not entirely sure it’s going to make much difference since this is an emotional issue at the moment, not a logical one. Right now, we live at the safest time in recent US history. Violent crime rates have been in decline since the 1970’s and you’re 3 times less likely to be a victim of violent crime now than you were then. In terms of gun crime handguns commit 91% of crimes with bolt action rifles, shotguns, and semi-auto rifles only making up 9% of gun crime. You’re actually several times more likely to be beaten to death with someone’s fists or stabbed than you are to be shot with a semi-automatic rifle. Since Columbine 500 kids have died in school shootings, but in any single year 5,000 kids will commit suicide. You’re 200 times more likely to lose a friend to suicide than a school shooter. You’re actually about as likely to lose a classmate due to a lightning strike as a school shooter. Yes, about 30,000 people a year die to guns but 2/3rds of those are suicides. The actual gun murders are only about 10,000. Furthermore, most of those deaths occur in the inner city in impoverished and largely minority areas. More on that later.


But Australia, but the UK! Ignoring for a moment the complete incompatibility of an Australian or UK style ban with the 2nd Amendment what actually happened in Australia? Well… not much. You see Australia’s violent crime and suicide rates had been in decline for well over a decade and after the ban… nothing changed. The rate of decline remained the same, there was no precipitous drop in crime due to it. In the UK their straight up gun ban resulted in… again, not much. Yes, gun deaths dropped, but there was an uptick in beating and stabbing deaths. When you take a look at the wider picture and compare gun ownership versus violent crime the US has a solid two orders of magnitude higher gun ownership per capita than most of the rest of the developed world and yet, we don’t have two orders of magnitude higher crime. Yes, we do have a higher crime rate but it looks nothing like our gun ownership. Now consider those rankings versus gun laws, the UK has a significantly higher violent crime rate than most of mainland Europe yet some of the harshest gun laws. Compared this to someplace like Norway which has tighter gun restrictions but is closer to the US than the UK both in its laws and general ownership… and it has one of the lowest violent crime rates in the developed world.


Remember how I talked about most gun deaths in the US are in impoverished and largely minority areas of the inner city? Do you know what actually does track well with the violent crime rate? Income inequality, average education level, and social safety nets, are some of the strongest indicators of violent crime. Nations with less income inequality, higher average education levels, and strong social safety nets have the lowest violent crime rates.


What’s the point of this? Simple, guns are tools. They are not a root cause of crime. No otherwise law abiding citizen picks up any weapon and suddenly decides to go on a spree killing. If you really want to do something about violence then the plan of attack is clear.


Assault weapons! Don’t exist, but I don’t recommend getting into the technical weeds of this one. Most people do not care. Point out that actual assault weapons were outlawed with the NFA in 1934 and that private ownership of any automatic firearm is heavily regulated and outrageously expensive. Since the NFA passed legally owned fully automatic firearms have been used in… I want to say 3 crimes. Today people aren’t talking about assault weapons but simply cosmetic features of semi-automatic firearms. The assault weapons ban in 1994 accomplished nothing, and that’s not a personal opinion, that’s the FBI’s opinion. It also only banned cosmetic features, and in fact you could still buy a fully functional weapon that was identical to a banned weapon, it just had a different stock. The G36 would be banned under the AWB, but the SL8 was perfectly fine even though it was functionally identical.


High capacity magazines! Standard actually, but accomplish little. Reloading is one of the most basic operations you can carry out with a firearm and after just an afternoon’s practice anyone can get to a 3 second reload and with practice and the right gear 2 seconds isn’t impossible. 


Gunshow loophole! Not actually a loophole but an intentional allowance when the background check law was passed. No dealer at a gunshow will sell you a gun without a background check, period. What this actually does is allow private individuals to sell to other private individuals without requiring a background check. This allows a private citizen to sell a piece of personal property to another citizen without having to go through a 3rd party to do so. A third party that could be taxed or simply not available in the area.


Ghost guns! Not a real thing. Private manufacture of firearms for personal use has always been legal. You can’t start making your own guns and selling them however you please but you can make all the guns you want for yourself. This is absolutely required for the 2nd Amendment. If private manufacture of firearms wasn’t allowed then the government would be able to stifle the ability of people to exercise this right by simply doing things like denying gun sellers business licenses or excessive taxation.


Taxes! Well raising taxes on guns won’t actually fly. The point of raising taxes on guns is simple, make them too expensive to own. This has direct parallels to a first amendment issue, poll taxes. During reconstruction wealthy white landowners didn’t much care for their former slaves being given the right to vote by the 15th Amendment. So they instituted poll taxes. While the fixed sum of money was inconsequential to the wealthy landowners, to a newly freed slave it was an enormous sum of money. Of course, if you relatives who were able to vote legally before oh… I dunno… 1850, you didn’t have to pay the tax to begin with. The end result was a very targeted way of preventing people from exercising their rights via a tax. Sadly it wasn’t until 1966 that the Supreme Court ruled poll taxes violate the Constitution. Currently guns and ammo are taxed, but this is fine as they are taxed like any other taxable good you purchase. Taxes specifically targeting guns and ammo are going to be straight up unconstitutional.


High powered weapons of war! Well, yeah, but so were muskets. In fact in the grand scheme of power the 5.56x45mm is a pretty weedy cartridge. Grand pappy’s good, honest wooden Model 700 fires a .30-06 which delivers about twice the energy down range. Except oops, it’s also one of the primary sniping weapons of the Army and Marines, comes in black, and with an updated version, the XM2010 looking really… assault weapon-y. Shoot, one of the more popular rifle cartridges for sniping is the .338 Lapua and it puts about 4 times as much energy downrange as 5.56mm and much further down range to boot. The AR-15 and AK’s and their ilk sit at a confluence of ease of use, reliability, cost, customizability, and maintainability that makes them hands down the best choice for most people. 


Founding Father’s couldn’t have seen AR-15’s coming! That exact gun? No, but they weren't stupid. The Girandoni air-rifle was the standard arm of the Austrian Military and was capable of about 20 shots in a minute, leaving the 2-3 rounds per minute musket in the dust. Furthermore the Continental army looked at guns from inventors that were capable of far more than the standard musket. Yes, they were a bit flaky and certainly not ready to deployed en-mass but it would have been clear to anyone at the time familiar with military weapons, which almost all of them were, that the musket was not the pinacle of military technology. However when they wrote the 2nd Amendment they chose their words very carefully. Remember, these were men of words, orators, scholars, etc. They didn’t just jot things down and go with them, they spent months, even years arguing over how to word things. The chose to use the word arms. They intentionally chose to use arms so that the right covered all weapons, both what existed at the time, and whatever people would come up with later.


No-Fly, No-Buy! This sounds like common sense but let me ask you this. Do you know how you get on the no-fly list? Do you know how you can find out? I mean aside from attempting to get on a plane and having an intimate moment with a random TSA agent’s latex gloved hand. Do you know how you get off the no-fly list? The answer to all these is of course no. The no-fly list and the terrorist watch list are both extrajudicial lists. There is no due process associated with these lists. Someone in the government, we don’t know who, can decide you are not allowed to fly, we don’t know how, and getting off the list? Well good luck. Now, given all that, do you really think it’s a good idea to start denying citizens their rights because they’re on a list we know nothing about? You know who thought this was a bad idea? The ACLU, historically no friend of the 2nd amendment, came out against this proposal.

Cont.
3/4 of the states have to ratify. It is a brutally tough hill to climb.
Oh look, a poll tax.
Natural selection is about what is most successful in propogating your genes, not about long term individual survival.
Why the fuck did I click that link? I know what poisonous garbage "humans" inhabit those subs and I still clicked it.
>even the neutrinos would be enough to kill you.

....wat? 


Sorry, but I don't think this is the country for you.
The police would have just resold it.
If you're planning on offing yourself afterwards no.
Frankly I think you should be able to at 18.
He's counting the mass of the orbiter itself
You mean the hokey religion of the Old republic? The practitioners of which claimed great powers and were still wiped out easily when they attempted a coup of the lawful government?
I can't understand how people in other countries take no responsibility for their own safety.
Because at 18 years old you're a legal adult capable of voting, joining the military, serving on a jury, or being tried as an adult.
How will anything they just passed prevent another Parkland?
Every minority should be, they are far, far more likely to be victimized.
So long as they support the Constitution and Bill of rights the rest we can talk about.
Ah yes, let's just trust the "feelings" of a known religious extremist as "proof".
>Cat refuses to move 
It's actually not. The goal isn't safety or regulation or anything like that, it's to make things as much of a ball ache as possible for consumers and sellers in an attempt to limit the 2nd as much as they possibly can get away with.
...checkmate
>More creamsicle

Fuck You!
Who'd have thought the zodiac killer would have such a stick up his add. Lighten up man, you've gotten away with murder for decades.
This is just… a buffet of bullshit. First off, we’re being disingenuous bullies by trying to correct the mountain of misconceptions and lies that people have about guns yet somehow the onus is on us to educate people about guns… pick one. Second, most of the loudest voices on the anti side are not just ignorant about guns but actively ignorant about them going out of their way to intentionally not know anything about them and will spread misinformation just to help their cause. Misinformation that outlets like his love to spread… and then complain when we try to combat it. Third, you cannot talk about legislation if you do not understand what the hell it is you’re trying to legislate. I mean holy fuck, aren’t the democrats the ones who get their metaphorical panties in a wad when an old white male republican tries to dictate on women’s health issues? Heck, you can’t legislate until you actually know what the problem is so you can figure out how to fix it.


Honestly… this feels like a distraction piece. Outlets like this love to vomit out pieces about mass shooters and scary black rifles, they put up clips with “fully semi- automatic” rifles that bruise and give PTSD. They want people afraid of blood running in the streets so they’ll tune in to get to see the killer’s face plastered all over the screen again. Only problem is that thanks to modern media the gun community can start to fight back against all the lies and bullshit. Well we can’t have that… oh, let’s call it gunsplaining. If you try and set the record straight about a fundamental right we’re trying to strip from you then you’re just a gunsplaining bully and my ignorance is more than enough to trump your Constitutional right.
How can you possibly have a talk about regulating something you know jack about?
The inability to use the phrase, "I don't know." There's nothing wrong with not knowing something. There is something wrong with you trying to bullshit your way through things 
Yes, there was a time in US politics when you could disagree with someone and not have to paint them as the antichrist.
Partisanship and tribalism.
Why the fuck are we picking a trade war with the EU?
The problem is that many of those alcohol fatalities include murders when the perpetrator was drunk. Similarly you’ve got suicides where the person had been drinking. Domestic violence as well often involves alcohol. I’m no teetotaler but alcohol is often behind many, many terrible decisions.


Also, smoking while most detrimental to your own health is going to affect others. Simply living in a house with a smoker is going to expose you to lots of second hand smoke and a higher risk of lung cancer all without you ever taking a puff yourself.


While suicide is technically self inflicted, kids who commit suicide due to bullying… well that’s debatable. Highly debatable given the emotional maturity and hyper sensitivity of teens.


I don’t have anything against an adult with full information about the dangers of what they’re doing choosing to drink or smoke, whatever. However much like guns the problem is that we’re not talking about the couple having a glass of wine after dinner or the guy smoking a cigar out on the porch after a long day. Much like guns we’re talking about the fucking idiots who abuse these things and inflict pain and suffering on others in excess of anything an AR could ever hope to do, and the cultural blind spot that leads us to just shrug and accept it as part of life.
One of the factors that forced Langsdorf into Montevideo was the destruction of the Graf Spee’s raw fuel processing plant. The heavy bunker oil could not be run into the diesel engines and had to be processed before use in the diesels, without the purification plant they would almost certainly destroy the diesels long before they got back to Germany.
I'm going to assume fucking with you because I don't care what kind of hippy dippy, limp wristed, peace and love beatnik you are your dad instincts should kick in to protect your child, actually killing the fucker optional but not really frowned upon.
One for the ground, one for the pouch...

...fucking blue space commies.
...why are you the way that you are?
Lies, no one makes it out of Twisted Towers alive.
THIRD BASE
Depends largely on end use.
Going to a job fair my sophomore year at college was eye opening. Go up and talk to the recruiters and they start in about requirements and every single one of them with a perfectly straight face told me they wanted 3 to 5 years experience. Umm, you do know where you are right? The very next week I went to the college internship office and started hunting for one. It’s the first piece of advice I give everyone I talk to with a kid going into college, get an internship ASAP, and one that pays.
Anytime I see Australia or Europe mentioned my eyes roll up in my head. 


First, they almost inevitably focus entirely on “gun crime,” rather than violent crime. Why murders via knife or blunt object aren’t as bad as ones via gun I dunno, but apparently they are. If you actually look at their violent crime rates in both the UK and Australia you’ll see that their gun bans did pretty much nothing. People who were being shot were now just being stabbed or bludgeoned to death, PROGRESS!


Second, they almost never account for population. Shockingly countries with much smaller populations have a lower number of mass attacks. However look at things per capita and suddenly the US doesn’t look like an outlier.


Third, they ignore that without guns the badguys just use something else like hand grenades in Sweden or Trucks in France. Literally, just ignore it. Point out that one guy in a truck in Nice managed to kill more people than the Pulse nightclub shooter did with an AR and they just ignore it.


Forth, they won’t acknowledge other differences between the US and Europe like income inequality, social safety nets, and education that have a demonstrably stronger tie to violent crime rates. Neither will they acknowledge that it’s easy to have a cohesive culture when you have breakfast at one end of your country and lunch at the extreme other. If I had breakfast in Miami I’d have to pray to the traffic gods to have dinner in Atlanta at a reasonable hour.


Finally, the US. We have the Bill of Rights and in that is the Second Amendment. Unless you proposal is compatible with the 2nd it is pointless to talk about 
722 Deaths in 8 years amounts to just 90 deaths per year. Ok, in that 722, 218 were suicides so actually that’s only 504 deaths in 8 years or 63 per year which puts the death toll somewhere around… Wow, I was going to compare it to drownings in pools but it turns out there are almost 3,600 of those a year on average which… holy fuck. Oh wait, it’s in the neighborhood of lighting strike deaths. You’re about as likely to die from a concealed carry permit holder as you are be struck by lightning and die.


But don’t worry, you’re still  actually 7 times more likely to be unlawfully shot by a cop than a concealed carry permit holder. So… wow, still almost an order of magnitude behind pool drownings… BAN HIGH CAPACITY POOLS NOW! No one needs a pool more than 3 inches deep! What are you compensating for with the depth of your pool?
There’s an element of “whataboutism” in bring in alcohol and smoking into the discussion but really it's a societal thing. Parkland was awful, all shootings are, but our omnipresent media makes things out to be much bigger problems than they are. About 500 kids have died in school shooting since Columbine, 500 kids in 19 years. Yeah, that’s pretty fucking awful and 500 kids more than I’m ok with. However this year about 4,500 schoolkids are going to wind up committing suicide, many due to bullying. Alcohol related deaths will be around 88,000 of which over 10,000 will be drunk driving fatalities. Smoking will kill over 250,000 people this year, many due to second hand exposure. Every year all long guns, rifles, shotguns, and AR’s, only kill about 325 people. Umm… what? The whole “blood running in the streets,” narrative is based upon a wholly incorrect view of the risks you face on a daily basis. 


As a species we’ve had smoking and alcohol around so long that we’ve just accepted it as a fact of life, immutable and unchangeable and therefore pointing out how damaging they are, far and above anything guns could ever hope to accomplish falls on deaf ears. I mean shit, I wouldn’t be bothered at all if alcohol and tobacco just disappeared tomorrow and even I find myself almost dismissing it out of hand.


If you wanna save kids lives its pretty clear where the focus needs to be, anti-bullying efforts, smoking and alcohol prevention, and people taking it seriously when these hyper-emotional and not fully mature people are having trouble. Yeah, a teenager’s problems seem like small potatoes to an adult but too a teenager that shit can seem world ending.
Look, if you’d rather die than defend yourself… well I was going to say fine but all that does is let the guy get away with it and then go do it again so really, fuck you, but that’s your choice and it should in no way bind my actions.
Marksmanship, maintenance, and tactical use. They don’t spend weeks on end drilling the four rules into them.
>kinds of weapons that would have appeared frankly insane for the individual gun owner just a few years earlier.


Ummm, Citation Needed. I’m serious, I see this line parroted all the time and I want some actual proof that it’s insane. First off, it’s a gun. Look at motorheads, while everyone has their own favorite type of vehicle most motorheads can look at any kind of car and find something to appreciate it and there’s not really a vehicle out there that purchasing it wouldn’t be greeted with a shrug and a “well if you’ve got the money,” attitude towards it. AR’s and AK’s happen to be almost the Honda Civics of the gun world. Cheap, easy to acquire, and fundamentally sound in design while retaining practical use and being almost infinitely customizable. It’s not exactly hard to fathom why people would want one even if only for shooting, but now factor in just how fantastic they are for personal protection and what’s insane about it? Grandpappy’s bolt action .30-06 isn’t much use in defending yourself, neither is his over and under 12 gauge.


>Guns and the Army


Yeah, this isn’t an NRA position, it’s the Constitution. Everyone and their brother needs to get training in how to safely use their guns and the more training you get the better but it’s a fundamental right in the US and you can’t start erecting walls or barriers to a fundamental right. Also, I don’t care how many stars are on your collar, this isn’t a military question but a Constitutional one.


>Buying firearms


Umm, it’s a hobby? People with hobbies tend to buy things associated with their hobby. I’ve got a list of guns over 100 long that I want and will buy when I can. It’s not to buy membership into the conservative cause or to “stick it to da liburls,” or insecurity in my manhood, it’s because I. Like. Guns. And. Shooting.
They're also supposed to be big on the rights of the citizens. Then again EVERY politician should be.
This is just a poll tax all over again. “We don’t want you to exercise this right, so we’re gonna tax the shit out of it.” It should, and I stress should, get batted down quickly in court if it did go through, but then again the tax stamps should have been tossed out back in the day as well. $200 Is annoying and a pointless added expense but back when it was put through that would be like having to put down $2500 today.


Like it or not gun ownership is a basic right in the Constitution and therefore you can’t legally just try and tax it out of existence. Sales tax on guns and ammo flies because it’s just sales tax, nothing out of the ordinary there. Taxing it over and above that, going from somewhere in the 6 to 8% range up to 50%? That’s not gonna fly.
But it can make your misery extremely comfortable.
"Yeah, no. You're the one who's fired."
It was a stated goal of Steve Bannon to do everything possible to cripple the government from the inside. To appoint people who thorough either incompetence or malice would gut their departments and leave them unable to function. Look at it through that lens and it's pretty clear.
Except that the homicide rate in Australia was already on the decline in 1996 and if you look at the historical trend the 1996 reform bill had no impact on the rate of decline. Same with Suicide. It’s much the same that in the US while firearm sales have exploded, violent crime has been trending downward since the 70’s and continues to decline. We see the same thing again with the AWB in the US. Assault weapons were banned for a decade, end result? It did nothing for crime.


It’s almost, and bear with me because this is a radical idea, like an inanimate lump of metal and plastic can’t force anyone to do anything.
Main assumption right off the bat. The Military complies 100% with what the Tyrant in Chief decides to do. This is wildly unrealistic but we’re just gonna go with it. Second, we magic the entirety of the US military back to the States overnight and screw the rest of the world. Finally, this is an evenly distributed uprising across most of the US (we’re mostly purple, not red and blue).


The US military isn’t as large as the average person might think. First off, the Navy is more or less useless in this scenario. Arleigh Burke’s and Tomahawk’s aren’t going to accomplish much of anything in this war. The carrier’s have some utility but each only has about 90 aircraft each for about 1,000 aircraft the Navy can add to the mix. That said, they won’t be much use. This would be a war fought in the cities and nothing would result in total rebellion quite like a Hornet JDAMing a daycare. Similarly the Air Force is largely worthless. While the Drones will get quite a work out most of the Air Force’s inventory outside of strike aircraft will be useless and even then the strike aircraft only slightly less so. So that leaves most of the heavy lifting to the Marines and Army, what else is new? Here’s the problem, the Marines and Army can only muster about 300,000 riflemen and that’s being generous. Artillery? See my comments about the airforce. Fixed wing aircraft? Ditto. Armor? Maybe not useless, but you’re not going to keep hearts and minds on your side when there’s an Abrams sitting at the intersection of Main and Continental.


Here’s the real killer though. The US population is over 330 million or 1,100 citizens for every rifleman. The Continental US has an area of 3.1 million square miles or about 10 square miles for every rifleman. While not terribly useful they do serve to prove a point, that the US military simply isn’t large enough, by about an order of magnitude, to really put the boot heel down on the citizenry. The military could only establish small pockets of control, likely in major cities, but as far as putting down any nationwide uprising? Forget it. The people they would be fighting are excellent shots with good equipment who can totally blend into the population who will have tens of thousands of ready made advisors in the form of veterans.


Mind you, this is absolutely best case… for the military. In reality the military would likely either seize up as it splits on the issue rendering it ineffective or just as plausible find large portions of it refusing the DoT’s orders.


The reality is that any attempt to really go full authoritarian will likely be enforced through local law enforcement and most of us are better equipped and practiced than the police when it comes to guns.
That would have me as riled up as EA associating Star Wars with kids gambling. They’ve had the license for 5 years and have only put out two games in one genre. In its heyday there wasn’t a genre that didn’t have a Star Wars game in it and these idiots can’t see past COD and lootboxes.
Small indie company and all that.
Because that's not how our country works. It's also not what he's talking about. It's not no term limits, it's about no term period.
Nothing exists below the video description, never forget that. 
Between suggesting that due process is for pussies and that being an authoritarian dictator for life is something the US should try out there should be hearings about his fitness to be president immediately. He's more or less suggesting we abandon whole portions of the Constitution he's sworn to uphold.

I say this as a conservative. 
The ACLU, which historically doesn't support the 2nd at all, still found the the no-fly no-buy proposal terrible enough to come out publicly against it. 
The prosecution rate for illegally trying to purchase a gun as a prohibited person, or straw purchases is 2%. If you're not going to enforce existing laws what is a new batch you don't enforce going to accomplish besides screw over legal gun owners?
There is no real correlation between gun ownership and crime. When you compare gun ownership vs. violent crime yes the US has gun ownership of an order of magnitude or two higher than other countries yet it doesn't have a corresponding higher crime rate. Higher, yes, but nothing even close to the rate of gun ownership. You know what does track much, much closer? Things like income inequality, economic opportunity, and education levels. Deal with that and violent crime, of which gun crime is a subset, starts to go away.
You're the only one talking about Space X and Blue Origin here.
In the book I don't believe they brought in plants. Been a decade since I read it though. 
As soon as I saw that line I knew exactly what was coming. Not even being creative about it. 
So the first one was an attempted suicide and the second was after the guy locked himself in a room and fired a shot but we don't know why. These guys weren't opening fire on students.
No, it's the fact that this program has continually seen it's schedule slip time and again. There's no real reason assume this time it'll actually go as planned.
Just remember, if he gets impeached it's President Pence.
Yes
They set the tone because they control the major media outlets. As disruptive and Twitter and it's ilk might be the loudest voice in the room is still the traditional media.
Same tactic as the whole "sexual attraction" shit. Associate us with something unpleasant and make us first defend ourselves from that stupidity before we even start talking about the actual issue.
If you're making Dianne Feinstein that happy you have well and truly fucked up.
No, fuck that noise. Playing, "What he really meant is..." got this useless fuck elected. 
Compared to keeping an item store active and selling, they are. I’ll use the Division as an example. One of the major draws of their loot boxes are the cosmetic gear sets. Each set has… seven pieces, may be wrong on that, might be six, and there are five sets plus a sixth set you get automatically for completing the other five. That’s a total of 42 pieces of truly stand out gear. However they fill the rest of the boxes with largely crap, things like emotes, basic gun skins, recolors of other items, etc. Most of the filler is incredibly low effort, seriously, the last free box I opened had a beige gun skin. No pattern, no detail, just… beige. That took a single person in the art department less than fifteen minutes to create.


Here’s the deal, those fancy cosmetics have custom models, lots of detail, etc. They are clearly high effort pieces. The other stuff, not so much. No one is going to pay a dollar for a solid beige skin for their gun. The Division has only had two runs of loot boxes, or had to make 12 cosmetic sets, in well over a year. If they just sold them people would have bought just the sets they wanted immediately and that would be the end of it. By creating artificial scarcity with “rarities” they can get back packing loot boxes full of crap you’d never buy otherwise, stuff that takes no effort to make, and only once in a while give you a high effort piece. In order to provide steady income via an item store they’d need to have created 30 or 40 gear sets in the same time to keep an item store going. With loot boxes they can just create 12 and drag it out for a year or more.


Why are duplicates a thing? No seriously, why is getting a duplicate even an option other than to waste your time and money? The fact that you can give a company $1 or $2 or $3 for one of their gambling boxes and then get a duplicate of something you already have should tell you all you need to know about lootboxes.


People aren’t asking for lootboxes to be banned and these regulations aren’t seeking to ban them. What people and law makers are looking for is to appropriately label them and regulate them exactly the same way we do with every other form of gambling.


I really have to finish making this video but, we are all assuming that lootboxes are operating fairly. We just figure there is some loot table in the sky, an unfettered RNG roll, and we get whatever the number says we do. We have no way to verify that companies aren’t screwing with drop rates, that they aren’t operating like those claw machines in arcades that are rigged to only pay out after a certain amount of money has been made. We can’t tell if they aren’t monitoring everything you do and tailoring your lootbox winnings to keep you coming back. After all, lootboxes exist to prevent you from getting what you want, so without regulation and oversight what’s to stop these companies from cutting out the RNG middleman and screwing with what you get directly. Remember, these are the companies that put lootboxes in single player games, pay to win lootboxes in Star Wars, and who intentionally and blatantly dodged the law in China just to not have to tell people what the drop rates were. These companies have proven themselves utterly untrustworthy and if they’re going to keep running their digital slot machines then they need to be regulated like every other gambling establishment to ensure they play fair.


Again, if game companies don’t want to be regulated… stop putting gambling in their games.
Not just the dog, a snake that size willing to hunt that close to civilization is a threat to anything 100lbs or less. At that point you really don't have much of a choice but to kill it.
Exactly, I certainly wouldn't enjoy killing the snake but I wouldn't be bothered by doing it.
You miss the snake you hit the dog. They unwound the snake and once they had a clear shot it's caveman time.
There are multiple methodologies to continue to make revenue with a game. Lootboxes are just the minimal effort, maximum reward case. Item shops, DLC, etc. the difference is those require some effort while lootboxes require almost none.


People can simply not buy lootboxes, the problem is threefold however. We’ve already seen that it only require a very small minority of gamers dropping obscene amounts of money to make lootboxes wildly profitable. Secondly, the mechanic is designed to prey upon people who actually can’t help themselves. Finally, in the absence of any oversight or regulation you have exactly zero assurance that lootboxes are in anyway “fair,” and that publishers aren’t screwing with the odds. Look at the lengths Activision/Blizzard went to in order to NOT comply with Chinese law and disclose drop rates. 


As for the lobbyist argument, no one is pushing for bad regulations, lobbyists are pushing for ZERO regulations. That’s what the ESA and ESRB are desperate to avoid and anytime a major corporation is this desperate to avoid regulation… well if you asked your kid to look at their homework and they were this desperate to not have you take a look at it it’s pretty much guaranteed something is up. Yes, I’m not wild about the government getting involved but let’s be honest, the game companies will not stop doing this and what they are doing has crossed a line from just monetization to straight up predatory and they’re using tactics that no company should be allowed to use without someone looking over their shoulder to at least assure it’s being done fairly and the public is made aware of it.


I mean if game companies really don’t want this all they have to do is just… stop. 
It’s a label that’s intended to be meaningless right out of the gate. Just the ESRB doing what it was meant to do, try and look like it’s doing something without actually doing anything in order to keep the government off the game industry’s back.
"You can't backdoor in gambling mechanics after the fact to dodge government regulation."

That's some real brutal meddling. 
Consumers don't overwhelmingly love them. In fact every single bit of i go we get with respect to lootboxes is that only a very small portion of gamers purchase them in any significant amount.

As for why, we regulate other forms of gambling,  why not this one?
No really, because the whale was going to buy the game and spend the money but they still lost the non-whales purchases. Also, whales only spend in games that are thriving. That’s the point, even if you don’t buy the lootboxes they need you on the servers to keep the whales around. Not buying a game has an impact. 
This should surprise no one. The ESRB was created by the video game industry specifically to keep the government off their back. Their entire purpose is to run interference for the industry, not protect consumers or watchdog the industry. The ESRB is NEVER going to lead this charge.
The problem is that every time they get someone to get in depth and study the issue they stop being willing to work for them and side with the 2A.
Slow is smooth and smooth is fast. Her form is great so the speed will come.
Man, who could have seen this coming?



Oh right, everybody did, the moment they announced this stupid fucking system.

 It why would I subscribe to Red when 90% of the content creators I follow are being forced off the platform?
Youtube has a very specific type of content they want to be produced. They like daily uploads of videos between 10 and 15 minutes long that get people between 12 and 25 coming back day after day. It makes it perfect to sell to advertisers and they will forgive almost any sin you can commit if you can serve up that style of content. It’s how Logan Paul can put up a video of a recent suicide and just get a very stern talking to from YouTube. Heck then they had to taze dead rats and give CPR to one of his fish for YouTube to finally just temporarily suspend his ad revenue. Anyone who wasn’t serving up the daily views he does would have gotten their channel nuked for even a single of those offenses.


The problem goes back to PewDiePie being a total fuck nugget, and while the papers definitely had it out for him, he handed them the loaded gun and pointed it at his head. After that advertisers pushed back on YouTube to do something about “extreme” content and now we’ve got the adpocalypse in full swing.


Gun channels are an easy target but pretty much any niche interest is in trouble. Guns, gaming, political opinion, historical discussion, it’s all taking it up the ass. About the only genre that’s going strong is Vlogs from vapid, semi-kid friendly, assholes.
You have to be one of their golden boys. If you can post daily videos between 10 and 15 minutes and get kids between 12 and 25 tuning in daily they will ignore  almost anything you do.
Both of you must be thrilled.
Frankly Congress needs to be periodically purged anyways and since they won’t enact term limits I’d be ok with a movie style Purge.
I doubt it. I think he could have it if he wanted but I think he had no real concept of what being president entailed and it’s not fun. I think if he makes it to the end of this term he’ll just announce that his work is done, he’s put us on course to MAGA, and he’s leaving things to the next guy to finish. At least that’s what I have to tell myself because it’s pretty clear if he loses re-election it won’t be because of what the Democrats do.
Garand thumb is a real issue affecting thousands of people every day. 0lease consider donating to the "I Need a Garand," charity so more research can be done.
I was told that my hobby caused the shootings. Umm, what? I then shot back with “My hobby causes shootings the way guys who drag race at the track on the weekend cause car accidents.” They just ignore it. I don’t really get the cultural block that seems to exist with guns. A muslim bombs a building, “Not all muslims are bad/responsible for the act of a crazy.”  Somebody stabs people, “He was a bad person,” no one blames the knife. Some evil fuck goes into a school and shoots people, suddenly it’s the gun and all gun owner’s faults. The guy who did it, apparently a blameless lamb led astray by the evil voodoo magic of guns.
It was obvious from the weeks following the election that the Democrats were firmly committed to a head in the sand strategy regarding the election results. Running a terrible candidate, failing to communicate their ideas, ignoring huge swathes of flyover country, bungling issue after issue (If there’s nothing bad in the speeches just release the fucking things. If there was something awful why the fuck were you giving them during an election in the first place?) the party screwing Bernie out of a fair crack at the nominations, etc. 


No, the problem was misogynistic Bernie bros, and deplorables, and people just hating women… after we just elected a black man. 


I told my wife, they can have a tantrum for a week, but after that let’s see if they can admit what they screwed up and fix it. Nope, tantrum mode continued for a good month or two and in the end nothing was learned.
I really can’t fathom the motivation. Guns are a losing issue and have always been a losing issue for the Democrats. They seem poised to make a run on Congress in 2018 that could put them back into parity or even power with the Republicans letting them curb Trump’s excesses. But apparently that gun control sword is just so shiny and tempting they can’t help but throw themselves on it time and time again. Like it or not this is an issue that not enough people prioritize supporting it highly enough to motivate votes but it is one a LOT of people prioritize highly to shoot down to get out and vote. It really does nothing for your base and gives the opposition a ready made talking point that will energize their own.
I’ve personally witnessed it in my lifetime. Some of my views have become decidedly more liberal in the last nineteen years since my first election but on the whole I was solidly a Republican from the start of my political awareness. For the last twenty years I’ve watch the Republican party slide, sometimes jump, farther and farther right and drag the center and left with them. I stopped calling myself a Republican during the healthcare non-debate of Obama’s tenure. I still consider myself a conservative but I find myself agreeing more with Democrats than Republicans as they’ve gone so far off the deep end.
Let's not mince words, he was in favor of gun control for African Americans. Black Panthers openly carrying in California prompted him to sign the Mulford Act. I personally think Ronald's pros outweigh his cons but that was a pretty big fucking con.
"Wait... save the world? I thought we were supposed to shred the world!"
Haha, jokes on you! I have mech keyboards and guns!


....oh god I'm so broke....
Tone Deaf doesn't even begin to cover it.
Hahaha! Finally part of the 1%!
The NRA ran afoul of its involvement in “conservative,” politics. The shooter was a white police officer and Castile was a black man who after the fact was found to have been smoking the marijuana at some point. Yup, don’t want to touch that, no matter if the cop had no business having a badge or being armed and spazed out killing an innocent man in front of his family. The contradictory and confusing orders, the freak out about a man just telling him he was legally armed. No, the victim was black and had at one point smoked a joint so his execution was perfectly fine with them.


No, the NRA’s position should have been full condemnation of the cop who clearly had no business being a cop killing a man who simply notified the officer of his carrying a weapon legally because that’s the part that overlaps with their stated mission, it just conflicts with their unstated mission of fellating republicans.


I’m probably far too conservative to be posting here but even I watched that can’t fathom how anyone takes the cop’s side.
No, the Constitutional argument is the only argument because it is a Constitutionally guaranteed right. It’s very much like discussions about restricting hate speech, it begins and ends with the 1st. That’s the way it should be with Constitutionally guaranteed rights.


The reason there wasn’t a question about the 2nd was for much the same there isn’t a huge debate about the 3rd. For those two centuries what it meant and what it stood for was clear and understood and taking people’s guns away wasn’t ever really pushed or considered. It’s only had to have been codified. In fact go back and read what was written about the 2nd  for most of those two centuries, it will sound pretty much like what people like me say now. It’s only recently that people started trying to skirt it, reinterpret it, or just ignore it.


>I’m fascinated…


You really shouldn’t be. This isn’t a liberal/conservative issue, it’s a Civil Rights issue. The take for many, not all, but many, is the same. The difference is largely in the politics that surround the issue, you don’t really find a lot of “soy boy,” and “libtard,” talk around here which is mainly what it seems to be about. What you seem to be misconstruing this as is a FUDD board, the people who only care about preserving the 2nd as it applies to their bolt action rifles and they don’t care if everything else is taken away.
Absolutely not. First off, 80% lowers aren’t a legal “thing” as it were, it’s just a rhetorical dodge. The reality is that it’s just a lump of aluminum, shaped like a receiver but functionally not one. The more complex machining is already done allowing it to be finished with simple home tools. Any kind of restriction on them would effectively make it illegal to own any piece of receiver grade material large enough to mill a receiver out of.


Secondly, you HAVE to allow people to be able to make their own firearms without government interference for the 2nd to work at all. You have to have a method for people to obtain a firearm that the government cannot control and tax or legislate out of existence. 
I’m not forgiving anyone for it. Frankly I think Guantanamo Bay is one of the worst things about the US right now. It’s an intentional dodge by our own government to avoid the Constitutional problems it causes. Yes it started big time with Bush but Obama had eight years to do something about it and it’s still there being a stain on our nation and a recruiting tool for extremists. That said, the NSA’s domestic spying program in addition to using the 4th as toilet paper is being used to prosecute people. They take the illegally gained information, then disguise where they got it making it impossible for the defendants to properly confront their accusers and defend themselves. So far they’ve managed to keep it out of the limelight as its been mostly used against drug traffickers and the like but you can’t let the government flaunt the rules no matter how vile the defendant might be. So long as the government has the authority to deny citizens their rights the government must follow the rules and be brought to task every time they don’t or else our rights are meaningless.


Ok, long rambly point aside, I’m not seeing either side championing putting an end to illegal domestic surveillance and the trashing of the 4th and 6th it represents.
>I have no need…


Thankfully your needs don’t dictate how everyone else exercises their rights.


>no civilian does.


Citation Needed. Besides, an AR-15 is flatout the best option for self defense available to your average American. Given that the 2nd Amendment incorporates your right to self defense it would seem to me that AR style rifles and those like them, can’t leave out the AK guys, are solidly in 2nd Amendment territory.


>downvotes


Yeah, I mean it’s weird. You come into a gun owners subreddit talking about torching the 2nd Amendment and people don’t react well… I mean… who know man, who knows.


>restrictions that we so desperately need.


...ahahahahahaHAHAHAHA… Oh, I’m sorry. Citation Needed. Long guns, of which semi-auto rifles are only a portion of, account for so little crime as to be functionally pointless discussing. You are two to three times more likely to be beaten to death with someone’s fist than killed with a semi-auto rifle, shotgun, bolt action rifle, etc, you’re five times more likely to be stabbed. There isn’t a desperate need. On top of that, I can only speak for myself but proposing to seriously infringe on the rights of 330 million people because of the actions of a tiny handful of people who are already doing something already illegal is ludicrous. These are not temporary issues, you’re talking about screwing with one of the fundamental rights of citizens in this country and screwing with it now will affect everyone in this country so long as it exists.
Then knock yourself out and go through the amendment process, that’s what it’s there for.
Ding ding ding, when it comes to the Bill of Rights I am single issue. 1st, 2nd, 4th, 6th, all are under assault right now. Sadly for me the Republicans are after the 1st, Democrats are after the second, and everyone is totally ok with wiping their asses with the 4th and 6th.
The constitutional argument is the only argument. Heller v. DC affirms that the right to bear arms is an individual right. It covers all purposes including self defense in the home. It covers all weapons in common use at the time.


Semi-automatic rifles absolutely pass muster on all counts. Any attempt to restrict access beyond what we’ve got now is going to run afoul of the motherfucking Constitution and therefore that’s the end of it. The argument about poll taxes is 100% valid as it was a method used to disenfranchise the poor as a whole and blacks during reconstruction specifically. The same method could be used to restrict access to guns, “You just have to submit to a semi-automatic license and training. The training is available for the low, low cost of $15,000 and a license costs $10,000 annually.” After all, it’s just a simple class and a simple license application, what’s the big deal? Yet you have effectively limited access to firearms to the 1%.
“No one wants to take your guns,” everytime I hear this I know you’re either a liar or paying so little attention that your opinion is worthless. Holy fuck, we’ve had senators, even candidates for President flat out say they pleasure themselves at night to thoughts of a total ban. Every time you turn around on social media someone is saying ban all guns. A LOT of people want to take our guns, including people in power. You want to take my guns? Just be honest about it you little shit.
Modern gaming in a nutshell.


Love how Konami proves that Metal Gear is in the right hands by making the most generic game imaginable two years too late.
He just liquefied her panties. 
Holocaust denial, good old fashioned anti-Semitism, and just plain old being a garbage human being. Wonderful place.
Father of four and wouldn't trade them for anything but... there are days... there are days.
I don’t see it being talked about that much but if I was Disney I’d be just as pissed that EA has had the license for five years and put out a grand total of two games both in the same genre. Star Wars games print money and these dumbasses refuse to turn the machine on because they are so creatively bankrupt they can’t see anything past first/third person shooters and lootboxes.
The Onion would reject this for being too ridiculous.
I don't know if there's ever been a better example of being absolutely tone deaf.
Yeah, I thought they might wake up, "Oh, that's what we need the 2nd for, got it." But apparently openly marching Nazis and the degrading rule of law aren't enough.
From the description the player was trying to take the initiative and was actively participating and got shut down hard by the jackass DM.
Yeah, because that’s who I want moralizing at me.


Banks.


The amoral fucks who knowingly crashed the economy to put a little more green in their pockets before it all imploded.


Please be gruyere, please be gruyere...
Glad you made it. I found the collection bit to be a relaxing and pretty fun time. You get to just chill out and explore the world seeing places you might not otherwise, get some fantastic lore, and gear up in the process.
Like I've only got one on me.
Occupied North Texas
All the guns I ever bought new were all lost in tragic boating accidents.
My daughter's would love a pink glittery gun, as for me, Cerakote is a thing.
Screw that, sit me next to babies. You know why? They take up like zero room, they don’t fight you for the window seat, and you can make silly faces at them the whole flight. If the kid does lose their shit I’ve got headphones.
Gotta give the kid something to suck on during take off and landing. Juice box, Apple sauce, candy, anything to help them equalize the pressure. Starbursts work wonders.
An AR-57? "I dunno captain, guy says he brought it in but I never got it."
You have to support everything Dear Leader does no matter what or you're an outcast. You know, for a bunch of people who are obsessed with cuckoldry they so do bend over and take whatever they are told to.
It’s late 2016 all over again. “I mean yeah, what he said is pretty terrible but if you just look at what’s in his heart I’m sure it means this thing that I totally wish it did.”
Being vindicated about this idiot is nice, just sucks that everyone else realizing it is about 2 years too late.
People don’t want to admit they got suckered. Trump got up and parroted the right platitudes about the 2nd to keep the NRA off his back, talked about guns a little with generic catch phrases and that’s it. He did what he did with everything, he said just enough to let people’s imaginations go wild and fill in the rest. Even the most cursory look into his history revealed he’s never given the faintest of shit’s about the 2nd. I mean holy hell, at one of the debates with Hillary he flat out said he’d consider a ban on AR-15’s and the very next day I had people telling me I had to vote for him if I cared about the 2nd. If you’re expecting a staunch and spirited defense of the 2nd from the White House you are going to be terribly disappointed.
Wow, Trump’s no friend of the 2A, I’m shocked, shocked I say! Or I would have been, if I hadn’t been paying attention for the last decade.
Still contains the straight up wrong insinuation that the founding fathers were too dull to imagine weapons technology moving past the musket. The Puckle Gun had existed in some use since 1720, and the Giradoni air rifle had been the standard arm of the Austrian Army for a decade by the time the Bill of Rights was ratified. The Continental Army even looked at a few prototypes of more rapid fire rifles during the Revolutionary War and had some interest in them though they didn’t pan out for various reasons. The Amendment reads, “bear arms,” specifically to account for advances in weapons technology beyond what they had at the time and not to place hard limits on them.
Except, not really. The government wouldn’t be coming with drones and tanks, we don’t have enough of them, nor can they legally be used against civilians, and given the overall conservative bent of the military as a whole you’d be hard pressed to actually get them to turn on the populace. The Navy is 100% useless in this scenario, the airforce only slightly less so unless you think a B-1 JDAMing a cul-de-sac is the kind of thing that will play well on the news. Which really only leaves the Army and Marines to do the job. All told you’d be hard pressed to round up 300,000 riflemen and that would be by bringing every single soldier back home and calling up the entirety of the National Guard and reserves… to pacify a nation of 330,000,000 or one rifleman for every 1,100 citizens. Yeah, that’s enough.


No, if the government ever goes full retard they won’t be using the military, they’ll be using the police and other law enforcement agencies to do it and they would be MASSIVELY outgunned by the civilian population.
Yeah, civilian insurgencies have never worked... I mean if you ignore Vietnam, Africa, and the entirety of the middle east.
The police are seven times more likely than a CCW holder to commit a crime with a gun.
We'll liked, but yeah. H me was the closest thing to an actual Republican in the last election.
He didn't buy it though, he didn't even finish the paperwork or go through the background check. He made a decision to start the buying process in five minutes.
>"Gun manufacturers and the stores that sell them make their money in the dark,"

The fuck? My gunshop has a big fucking billboard on the main drag.
Projection, he's a piece of shit with no impulse control so everyone else must be too.
The police department will enjoy the $800 they get when they sell it.
Reconstruction was massively bungled. The South was never really brought to task for the war, the wealthy white land owners who controlled everything before the war still controlled everything after it, and while they were freed, former slaves faced a mountain of Jim Crow laws designed to prevent them from ever rising above the bottom of the ladder socially. 
Especially since cops are civilians. 
I have such a hard time believing that Bioware of all people are hyped to be making a Destiny clone. Sounds to me like their overlords just decided that for them.
Games cost more to make (though it's on publishers to set realistic budgets) but they are also reaching much larger audiences. Half a million copies sold used to be a big deal, now a days 7 million copies of a big AAA game is disappointing.
It's only a matter of time.
Not a bad idea.
Reagan would be run out of office as a pinko liberal. The modern Republican party is so far to the right it's ridiculous.
Yeah, but down there you've got guys who more or less let the civil war happened and then fucked up t
Reconstruction so badly we're still dealing with it.
Harrison should be tossed. The guy didn't live long enough to make a mark.
This shouldn't be a surprise. The members of his campaign were very clear they wanted to rip the government apart from the inside. Eviscerate it so that it can't function.
They have, but it's the problem of being wrong. They don't want to admit they were wrong, that they got conned and lies to. So they believe whatever it takes to still be right.
My hobby facilitated what happened the way guys who drag race on the weekends facilitate drunk driving.
Really, it's the best use of a Peugeot.
I’m not wild about an ex-parte judgement. After all how exactly will your court appointed defender defend you if he’s never even met you? At best they’re there to legitimize the proceedings but lets not pretend he’s doing anything more than ensuring that the court crosses the t’s and dots the i’s, they can’t actually defend you.


However my biggest issue with most of these laws is I have not seen a single one that actually has some kind of fix for the problem. Namely, someone is disturbed so we get an order seizing their guns and denying them a constitutional right. If this person is clearly that dangerous… why isn’t there some kind of mandated counseling? Requirements to get clearance from a court appointed psychologist that you’re ok? If you’re actually that dangerous why isn’t there some mandatory follow on? That’s why I say it’s long on confiscation but short on actually addressing the problem.
My hobby doesn’t kill people. There are 100 million legal gun owners in this country owning well over 300 million firearms. Somehow, through some miracle 99.9999% of those people will make it through each year never having committing a crime with their guns. If the guns were the actual problem you’d know it. A disturbed asshole killed people, he chose to do it with a gun but without him that gun wouldn’t have done a damn thing. Remove the gun and he’s still a lunatic looking for another way to kill people like with a bomb, arson, or a car. Even if you removed all the guns the problem still remains.
Well if you want to carry that idiotic idea to its fullest then free speech only extends to the spoken word in earshot of other people, anything written down with quill and ink, and hand set, hand operated movable type printing presses. Except that would be stupid because it’s free speech, not free speech in these very delineated methods available now exactly the same way it covers “arms,” not muskets. Besides, at the time the Founding Fathers were well aware of weapons with significantly higher rates of fire than muskets yet saw no need to exclude them from the Bill of Rights. 


And heaven forbid I use the Bill of Rights of the Constitution as a basis for an argument about a subject the Bill of Rights is specifically about.
It's already regulated and taxed, mission accomplished. However that's not the point, more kids are killed by alcohol and cigarettes than guns. Why is that ok?
We had a time in history when regulation was minimal and the free market ruled all. It gave us the robber barons and massive monopolies, child labor and 80 hour work weeks, workers who were wage slaves to their companies in ways modern employers can only have wet dreams about. The only people who advocate a return to that are ignorant of history, or imagine they’ll get to be the robber barons themselves.
Given that he was a Supreme Court justice you kind of should care what he thinks. He also had four others who agreed with him. Also, history was on their side with regards to the interpretation of the amendment.
You know, except it didn’t. Violent crime rates and suicide rates continued on just as they had before. The actual buyback only got a very small portion of the guns in the country and recently gun crime is on a precipitous rise in the country, but yeah, sure Australia. Because here’s the thing, and I don’t know if I should let you in on this secret but… guns don’t cause crime. Guns get used in crimes, the same as cars, crowbars, and Goodwill hoodies but none of those things makes anyone commit a crime. 


Hand wringing over guns is like worrying about the water on your floors while a busted water main is hosing your house down. It’s a symptom, not the problem. But hey, guns are black and scary and easy to demonize rather than confronting the SERIOUS socio-economic problems we have in this country that are the root of most violent crime. We talk a big talk about “mental health,” while slashing VA budgets and passing mental health laws that are long on confiscation and short on actually helping people. We have a prison system purely focused on punishment that does little to nothing to reform inmates and then act shocked, SHOCKED I say when those people we did nothing to help change… didn’t change. We demand more gun laws while the federal government does a shit job of even enforcing the ones we have. It’s illegal to try and purchase a firearm if you’re prohibited from owning one and it’s illegal to purchase a gun for someone prohibited from owning one and you know what the prosecution rate is for that? 2 Fucking percent.


Never mind that in most cases shooters had plenty of warning signs but culturally we just shrug and ignore it until they flip out and do something like this because after all, only crazy people go to a psychiatrist. And oh yeah, we turn these things into spectator sports with the shooter as the star of the show, never mind the fact that we have notes from at least two shooters who flat out said they did it to get famous and on camera, or how psychologists know that glorifying these crimes promotes copycats much like suicides go up whenever a celebrity commits suicide. But no, if it bleeds it leads.


But no, it’s clearly the guns that are the problem.


>Will have to build bombs or use vehicles, which severely limits their opportunities…


The fuck? You vastly underestimate how easy building a bomb or getting your hands on a car is. Pretty much every household in the country has everything it needs to make an IRA style pipebomb under the kitchen sink or in the garage. If you’re willing to spend more than fifteen minutes on Google you can learn how to make anything up to an including an Oklahoma City style bomb. The cocksucker in Charlottesville only killed one woman because there was a car parked in the road that managed to stop him. Without it he’d have likely killed a dozen or more like in Nice where 80 people were run down by a panel van.


I don’t want the next guy to just kill a few less people, I want the next guy to sit in a chair across from a psychiatrist and talk his shit out so he doesn’t kill anyone.
Oh, you wanna piss people off, point out alcohol and tobacco kill WAAAAY more kids than guns and yet these two drugs which serve no useful purpose are legal. I mean, if we’re really trying to save kids lives let’s save some kids. Oh wait, you mean prohibiting alcohol didn’t work and won’t work? It just turns regular citizens into criminals and people still get their drink on? Same with smoking? I mean, look how successful the war on drugs is… could you imagine if we were starting to legalize pot… wait… we are? Well this is just getting fucking awkward.
Or, and I know this is crazy talk, but in a country where 100 million law abiding firearm owners who somehow never shoot anyone… maybe it’s not the guns that are the actual problem?
Yes it is, just like a knife, bomb, car, or vial of sarin gas is. All instruments used in mass attacks in places where guns laws are much stricter and just like guns every single one of them required a person to decide to use them against other people. The existence of knives doesn’t cause stabbings, the existence of cars doesn’t cause people to drive them into crowds, etc. This makes perfect sense until we talk about a shooting, then the gun magically makes people shoot other people. 
If they had meant muzzle loaders they’d have said muzzle loaders. They did not, it was stated as “arms” so as not to limit the right to just what was available to them at that time. It’s the same reason that you have freedom of speech, not freedom to say something aloud, write it with a quill, or use a handset and operated printing press, or freedom from illegal search and seizure not freedom from the constable physically searching your house only. Besides, muzzle loaders were not the peak of military technology at the time as the Continental army was shown and even purchased several types of firearms that were significantly quicker firing than muzzle loaders.


Furthermore, the Supreme Court has several times ruled that the 2nd is an individual right regardless of formal militia membership as at the time of drafting the “militia” was every able body man of fighting age and not a formal institution.
Oddly enough, there are about 100 million gun owners in this country. Of which about 99.9999% commit zero crimes with their weapons. The constitution doesn’t seem to be wrong in this case. In fact the Constitution was “wrong” exactly one time, the 18th amendment or prohibition. That lovely amendment which gave us the mob and was so loathed it was repealed 14 years later. In every other case amendments were added to broaden civil rights protections not yet enumerated in the document to begin with.
So really, unless this guy was planning on committing a mass shooting he accomplished fuck all except running his upper.
You’re missing the core point, owning a firearm is a constitutionally protected right, driving a car is not. Just as it is not the government’s right to know everything I say, or where and how I worship they don’t need to know how and why I’m exercising my second amendment rights. Just like you don’t have to sign up to speak your mind or register to not have the cops able to raid your home because they’re bored you shouldn’t have to register to be able to exercise your right to bear arms.
Leading up to the election I had more than one of my relatives tell me, “God can work through anyone, he can change a man’s heart. We shouldn’t judge.” Well yeah, but it also says that if people keep doing crap like that you confront them and failing an actual change of heart you toss them out, not make them the pastor.
So, we're just talking about the ultimate obstruction of justice then? Fuck the rule of law, pardons for everyone. 
A vehicle is not a constitutionally guaranteed right. You also don’t have politicians and large segments of the population demonizing car owners and waxing philosophical about how wonderful it would be to just take everyone’s car away. We’ve also had instances where places that do make such lists, New York, proceeded to make said lists public and got quite a few people robbed because of it.
I’m just imagining the furor if the government actually offered something like a $500 tax credit per gun titled. “The federal government is subsidizing guns!” My concern about title-less guns being a crime in an of itself is it becomes a weapon. If it’s purely something that’s added on atop another crime then I’d be more ok with it. I’m not hating the idea, definitely some nuance that would have to be hammered out but it seems workable.


The main goal of it all would be to try and push sellers to make use of a token based background check system without having to resort to a registry. I think people would be shocked how many gun owners would not object to doing background checks on buyers if such a system were available.
Cerakote is a thing.
HB1051 - The 4473 form already has questions about criminal history on it. Additionally, attempting to purchase a firearm while you are prohibited from owning one is already a felony. The problem is that less than 2% of all denials are ever prosecuted already.


HB269 - CCW License holders are some of the safest and most law abiding people in the country. In fact a police officer is seven times more likely to commit a crime with a gun than a CCW holder. Think about it seriously. These people are willing get a license from the government, go through a background check, and attend a class to be able to get their permit. Idiots and criminals don’t get CCW licenses.


SB838 - No. This is completely unenforceable without some form of gun registry. Which is an utter non-starter.


HB219 - Define both “assault weapon,” and “high capacity” magazine.


HB221 - How about we just don’t create lists of law abiding people exercising their constitutional rights? Given that similar lists have already been made public records in other states like New York, no, just no.


HB553 - I’m assuming this means that if the issuing authority doesn’t get back to you in a certain period of time you get what you’re asking for automatically which hey, I’m all for.


HB231 - Terrible, terrible idea. Already put in place in, I want to say Oregan and California. Wonderful system, someone can go in, claim they think you are dangerous and the first time you hear about it is when the police are banging on your door with a warrant demanding you surrender your weapons. No chance to defend yourself, just guilty until proven innocent. Wonder systems as well, they make sure to take your weapons but there are no provisions in those laws for any kind of psychiatric screening or treatment, they were 100% focused on confiscation.
A gun is an inanimate lump of steel and plastic. The person behind the trigger caused this.
Hmm... That's not actually not a bad idea. The big problem with that is going to be that we've got 300 million guns without a title. You'd have to run an amnesty program to title all the guns in circulation. Essentially a no questions asked, show up, get a title, walk out.

I'm not 100% on a title-less gun being a crime but transfer without one could be a felony. Initial purchase of a new gum comes with a title bit transfer after that is done without reporting but you've gotta sign for acceptance and transfer so there's a record. It's not fool proof but it would allow private sale or manufacture with no registry and combined with the token style background check system let's sellers be totally on the level. It puts the onus on the federal government to maintain an up to date background check system but really they should regardless.
Not really, they think they're justified and only doing it to "bad guys," so it must be legal. No way the court wouldn't see it as that. People incriminate themselves ALL the time.
I probably phrased it wrong. Background checks are fine, but they will not stop someone determined to get their hands on one. The system could have potentially slowed down some of the shooters and it may have stopped one or two. My point however is that they are not going to magically solve the problem as seriously deranged individuals have sat across from FBI agents and gotten off the terrorist watch list then gone on to commit a shooting. This isn’t a case of saying, “It’s not perfect so do nothing,” I’m pointing out most shooters pass their background check and even other suggestions for more advanced checks.


I’m hesitant to say that private checks must be mandated. Hear me out on this. If someone sells a gun to someone and then that gun is used in a crime how would you prove that party A sold the gun to party B? This is the kind of law that results in a backdoor registry. “Oh, we can’t prove party A sold it to party B. To enforce this law we need a registry. See it’s just to enforce this other law that’s why we’ve gotta do it.” Registries are just never going to fly and the only way to enforce mandatory background checks for private sales is a registry. Unless you know who owns what then you can’t prove someone sold a gun to someone else. Speaking for myself but also a lot of other gun owners, we’re never going to support a registry, ever. However, I would happily use the background check system I talked about earlier, both for buying and selling.
Oh we'll do it to ourselves but they'll do their best to make it worse 
I can't imagine DC letting something like this happen on the set of one of their movies 
Maleficent was weird. What was the point of the prince in that movie? Maleficent and Aurora had WAAAAAAY more chemistry than that dork. 


The live action version of Beauty and the Beast was a train wreck. The writer of it clearly thought, “Haha! I can explain all the weirdness in the first one!” and then proceeded to make everything so, so much worse. All those people in the castle? They had families in the town, families who had their memory of those in the castle wiped. Mrs. Potts had a husband, who went without his wife and son for years because apparently a fairy thought that the servants in a 18th century french noble’s house could somehow dictate how the noble’s son was raised. If I’d have been Mr. Potts I’d have killed the bitch. The entire sub-plot with the teleporting book and Belle’s mother dying of plague was… I don’t even know why it was in there. I will say though, the subtle change they made during the Gaston tavern song was amazing. Having LaFue go around paying the patrons to join into the song and inflate Gaston’s ego was perfect.
Between her and Gadget from rescue rangers...
Don't forget, Disney isn't an anomaly, every corporation would do what Disney does if they could. Disney is just better at it. That's why regulations are important. 
The Russians are trying to stir this up. Within a couple of hours the Russian twitter bots were out in force stoking both sides as hard as they could.
Any gun can be used against people. Mob hitmen favored small .22 pistols. The University of Texas tower shooter used a hunting rifle. Hell, the model 700 he used began its life as a rifle for hunting purposes but the military wound up adopting it as a sniper rifle and to this day both hunters and military snipers use them. In fact if you want to shoot at someone in body armor like a cop a high power hunting rifle is a vastly better choice than an AR. For something like home defense you’d be hard pressed to find anything better than an AR, preferably an AR pistol.


A gun itself is simply designed to accelerate a hunk of metal to a high velocity, the person pulling the trigger determines the end use of that hunk of metal.
It’s not about the money, it’s never been about the money. What the NRA has is a large group of highly motivated members who will vote your ass out if you cross the NRA. That’s the secret to their success.
No, you can report it. The problem is that the shooters name and face will get ten times the air time of their victims combined. Stop saying their names, showing their faces, etc. 
It’s not about the money, it’s never been about the money. What the NRA has is a large group of highly motivated members who will vote your ass out if you cross the NRA. That’s the secret to their success.
The point is that there was a time when it wouldn’t be and there certainly will be issues in the future that will be similar.
Alright, then what exactly are we going to discuss? I have yet to see anything proposed that would actually do anything to curb these kind of shootings.


Background checks are useless as most shooters are able to pass them, the Pulse shooter was actually in the Terrorist Screening Database and after sitting across the table from two FBI agents was cleared. He also had a psychiatric screening to be a security guard. In cases where they can’t pass a check like Sandy Hook or the church shooting in… Charolette(?) stole weapons from someone else.


Never mind that background checks aren’t required for private sales and even if they are they can’t be enforced without a registry of all firearms which… haha, good luck. Now there could be a voluntary background check system similar to the I wanna say Swiss one. You can get a background check without anyone getting any information. The buyer would request a certificate from the government. When they go to buy they can present it to the seller who can then authenticate it with the government quickly and easily over the internet and all they see is a pass/fail. No information changes hands, it’s quick, easy, and anonymous and I’d be absolutely fine with it.


And for a functioning 2nd amendment private sales and manufacture for personal use must be allowed.


Magazine limits are a waste of time. First off, there are literally tens of millions of standard capacity magazines floating around, they are never coming back. The various schemes for limiting said magazine's capacity are easily defeated. Even if the shooter just uses limited capacity magazines, say 10 rounders, it’s going to make little to no difference as a single day at the range practicing will let you get reloads down under 3 seconds or less. Even a little bit of practice can get you to sub 2 second reloads.


The assault weapon ban was a fucking joke as it banned cosmetic accoutrements. So long as you were careful about the features you could get a gun that was functionally identical to a banned one.


No Fly No Buy was such a bad idea that even the ACLU which is no friend of the 2nd came out against the scheme. 
Oh yay, he cops to doing insufficient research  and takes it down after 130k likes. Way, way too late and now there's another factually incorrect talking point muddying the waters. Too late, damage done.
They probably came a lot closer than most actual V2's.
I maintain that the Scharnhorst is the second most beautiful ship ever after the Alaska. The Germans made some lookers, they were just way out of date.
Given the obsession with them in spite of all logic and the fact that a gun with exactly the same capabilities draws no hand wringing because it's got a wood stock it's the only logical conclusion 
They have to buy it. They voted for him, they couldn't be wrong, they couldn't have been duped by a lying conman no... no...
Does he really sound like the brightest bulb in the bunch?
Just go to school you lazy little shit.
Now we need the Johnston, Hoel, Heerman, and Samuel B. Roberts. The Japanese ships can consistently refer to them as cruisers.
A whole ten seconds about Robert Goddard, fantastic 
“No one wants to take your pistols…”


Proof positive that you’re not being logical. Those scary black rifles are responsible for a minute fraction of actual gun crimes. Long guns, shotguns, deer rifles, non-scary non-black semi-autos, and scary black semi-autos, account for only about 9% of all gun crime. Pistols account for 91%.


And uh, yes, people do what to take everything. /r/NOWTTYG
Why do you need to be allowed to speak your mind about the government’s actions? What’s so bad about having to get your speech vetted by the local government?


Why do you need privacy? What’s so bad about the government getting to decide to raid your house without due process or cause?


Why do you need to be allowed to vote? What’s so wrong with having Dear Leader pick the right candidates for the job?


That argument sounds really fucking insane when you apply it to other rights doesn’t it?
You’d still get your face nuked off. Such a strike wouldn’t touch your enemy’s SLBM’s and given the hardened nature of most land based weapons it would be dicey to assume you’d get any significant portion of them either.


The thing you need to recall is that a single Ohio class ballistic missile submarine can carry between 160 and 288 nuclear warheads with yields between 100 and 500kt each. A single Typhoon class has 200 nuclear warheads with yields between 100 and 200kt. A single example of either submarine has more than enough firepower to ensure that no matter what happens, you lose as they turn every major city in your nation into a glow in the dark parking lot.
EA wont let them waste the resources resuscitating it.
Oh, does your dad work there?
This is what wears me out. Before you can even start to have a conversation you've gotta dig out from under a mountain of bullshit and lies.
Twitter is worthless for meaningful discourse anyways. You can’t have a nuanced discussion of important topics 140 or 280 characters at a ti
Even if you don’t hate them, and it’s possible. I can’t fathom someone actually coming to a spirited defense of them. Even if they don’t piss you off they don’t benefit anyone but themselves and their shareholders so unless you own a ton of Monsanto stock why would anyone give a shit?
At this point social media is pretty much worthless for meaningful discussions of anything.
Passing a driver's test doesn't  indicate any special training or even fitness to drive. On top of that just driving for ten minutes will confirm that just having passed a driver's test doesn't mean shit.
Because more guns will make things worse, DUH! I mean, it must have been terrible, having to hide in class, defenseless, hoping to not die but giving a trusted authority figure a weapon so that they could at the least defend the students in their class. That will clearly make it worse as the presence of a gun will compel the teacher to join the carnage and start killing students. It’s just common sense.
There have been at least two shooters who left notes stating explicitly that this wad the reason they did it 
And? NASA is a minor part of the budget that yields gargantuan returns. Get rid of one destroyer from Navy procurement and you could pay for the entire telescope project.
Repurposed parts of existing gun models but in a nonsense way. Slapped a buttstock onto the front of a P90. How are you even supposed to hold that? 
Or, you know, here's a crazy thought, just increase the exploration budget without cutting the astronomy budget.
It’s almost like Bethesda doesn’t really care about things making sense or working with the lore and almost all their side quests are the result of someone going, “Wouldn’t it be cool if?” and no one applying any critical thought to it beyond that.


But nah… couldn’t be.
Trump is a staggering failure of every pillar of American politics. His fellow candidates refused to attack his bigoted bullshit positions because they didn’t want to alienate his voter base. The media lavished attention on him giving him tens, or hundreds of millions of free publicity. The electorate failed to engage both their brains and their morals letting themselves be pandered to by a demagogue. The electoral college shrugged and sent him onwards. Now there’s a good chance that regardless what Mueller finds Congress will refuse to impeach because Trump is a useful traitor and that’s more important than their country.


Trump is what happens when EVERYONE fucks up.
It’s pretty decent, but he’s far too generous about the Bismarck’s armor. It’s armor scheme is straight out of WWI and in a battleship duel would have gotten it killed, well, did. The Rodney and King George V knocked out half the Bismarck’s guns in fifteen minutes and silenced her after 30. She only survived as long as she did on the surface because they closed the distance and her archaic turtleback was able to protect her finally not that it mattered as she was just target practice by then.
...if your rice is juicy you fucked it up.
Because the enemy it was designed to fight no longer exists. They are the culmination of a program that had its start way back in the 80’s when VLS systems became the norm. Admiral Metcalf wanted to think up what a ship could be like if you just designed from the ground up with VLS in mind. Well they started to work on the project and… the Soviet Union collapsed.


Well like every project of this type it started to gain some inertia and the Ticonderoga’s were going to have to be replaced at some point. So the project became Surface Combatant for the 21st Century or SC-21 which included both a cruiser and a destroyer design. About this time the Navy was starting to reorient some, SOME, of it’s thinking towards littoral combat which was accurate and amphibious landings which was… yeah. Well the cruiser design was eventually shelved (mostly in name) and the destroyer carried on becoming DD(X) eventually.


Well by this point the project had been bandied about for 20+ years and had picked up every pie in the sky technology out there. There was just one, tiny, teensy little problem, it no longer had a reason to exist. The Soviet Union had been dead for twenty years before the first steel was being laid for the ship. While Littoral Warfare was gaining importance you don’t send 14,000 ton Cruiser… I mean Destroyers into contested littoral waters and the last time the Marines had to make a major opposed amphibious landing was Korea.


On top of that, most of the pie in the sky stuff either didn’t work, was too expensive to use (AGS), wasn’t even remotely ready (railgun), or is incompatible with existing equipment (Standard Missiles).


Frankly we should have just cancelled the entire class but instead we’re getting three monuments to the sunk cost fallacy. Three port queens we paid aircraft carrier money for who will likely spend more time tied up being refitted and repaired than actually sailing.


They’re also fucking ugly.
Mmm, well designed failure modes, that's good stuff.
I wonder how long before the conservative consumers are insisting on using previously flown boosters and untested boosters are looked at as risky.
Thats a sexy knife holder.
Goal post moving. You have to spend the first part of your argument refuting the stupidity. 
Cheaper just to drop boosters on some of them.
Where the hell did this "sexual attraction" crap start? I don't recall any other collection be accused of that before.
"Do you really need to wear all the shoes you have or use the bags you bought?"
Batteries aren’t exactly a new technology. You’re not going to see tremendous economy of scale savings because we already build batteries on a massive scale. And to be clear, we’re talking a MASSIVE scale. Storing just a single day’s output of my powerplant would require over 40 gigawatt-hours of storage capacity. To put that in something people are a bit more familiar with, that’s about 3 million Tesla Powerwalls of storage.


The problem is that if you’re talking about some non-reliable source like solar or wind you’re going to need more than just a day’s worth of storage to ensure reliable power. You’re going to have to have 3 to 5 days at a minimum and that’s assuming you’ve got some reliable backup like fossil. And oh yeah, those batteries are going to need pretty regular replacement making them a huge recurring expense.


Of course there are some other energy storage options but they all have issues. Pumped storage is ok, but the size reservoir you need for large scale storage is ponds literally kilometers in surface area and it requires major elevation drops to work. Underground storage of say pressurized gas requires again, specific geological formations. Making hydrogen is an option but the inefficiency of it is just ludicrous, you’d be literally tossing away most of your energy, and making methane is…. Well why are you bothering, just build a natural gas powerplant and cut out the middleman.


I see a lot of renewable proponents just handwave away the storage issue but here’s the thing, storage is the ONLY issue with renewables. Until you’ve got a method to store base load, utility sized quantities of power, tens of gigawatt hours, you’ve got nothing. Yes, you can use renewables and they look all nice and these great articles come out about how cheap it all is but without storage every single kilowatt of renewable has a corresponding kilowatt of fossil or nuclear power somewhere to take the load up. In fact, when it comes to solar, the fossil or nuclear is actually running 80+% of the time so really it's the load carrier and the solar is just a publicity thing.
The problem in most cases is even if you don’t get official shit for calling in sick you get a ton of unofficial shit for it. Everyone at my job acts like sick days are vacation days and seems to resent the fact that you weren’t at work. Bitch, I had a 103 degree fever, I was the one doing YOU a favor by not coming in.


On top of that my job requires a sick note if I’m out for two days in a row or more or if I use more than 7 days of sick time in a year I have to have a doctors note for every day missed. 9 Times out of 10 I have a cold or the flu so the doctor can’t do shit for me and all the note is doing is costing me my co-pay plus an hour or two NOT at home getting better. They will literally let me spend upwards of $30 million a year of the company’s money with barely any oversight but don’t trust me when I say I have the flu and can’t come in. The mind fucking boggles.
The depths don’t really bother me, neither do the shallows. Stalkers used to freak me out, now intentionally build my base surrounded by them. Ghost Leviathans? Adorable. For me it’s the in between, I HAAAAAAATE the Bloodkelp and Deep Grand Reef. Even in my fully upgraded cyclops and prawn suit I will intentionally go the long way round through the Koosh entrance to the Lost River just to avoid them.
Most Leviathans aren't too bad to scan. Wear the hardened dive suit and be good with quick switching between scanner and Seaglide and you'll be fine. They're all powerful but can't maneuver worth a damn. Dodge their initial attack then tuck up close to them, they can't turn back on you. Scan them then look for good cover to scoot away from them into.
And you could shoot'em and no one would bat an eye.
All logic with him is out the window. He's been killed by a rubric marine and still been reborn.
Built poorly using slave labor.
The entire Legion side of the game was never completed. The karma system is broken with numerous screw ups like looting powder gangers giving you mass amounts of negative karma. The number of quests that can bug out and break from normal gameplay is truly amazing.
As someone dealing with a totaled car right now it blows. You will not get even remotely enough to replace your vehicle in kind, maybe half of what you'd need if you're lucky.
Alright, let’s have a go at the stuff I’ve played and actually like.


The Last of Us makes a vastly better movie than a game. It’s slam full of gameplay ideas that could have been great, if they didn’t blow their loads on the cutscenes. In other words, a Naughty Dog game.


Mass Effect 2 has almost nothing to do with the actual main storyline of the game. Seriously, it’s Mass Effect: Killing Time. As much as I might loathe what 3 did to retroactively ignore the existence of 2… 2 tried it’s hardest to be utterly irrelevant first.


Fallout New Vegas is a broken, buggy, half finished mess of a game. If you don’t mod the shit out of it and put on community patches it’s pretty much unplayable.


BioShock’s story is sabotaged by it’s gameplay, like pretty much every BioShock game. Not killing little sisters is hardly even a challenge. Ken Levine thinks he is a way, WAY better writer than he actual is, re: Infinite.


Arkham Asylum, roid Joker, fin.


Half Life 2 is a pretty solid game but it was not nearly the titanic game changer Half Life was. It was a better demonstrator for the Source Engine than a continuation of Half Life.


Star Wars Battlefront 2 (the good one), is uh…. ummm. I got nothing.
Found the Marine.
Asuka is best gril, Rei is best mannequin. 
The guy pulls in an estimated $1.2 million a month in YouTube ads. If you make money like that for even a few months and ever have "money problems" again in your life it's your own fault.
Do you have half a billion dollars to spend in a rocket launch?
They're going to wind up banning everyone before they can leave.
The best part is facing your fears and then discovering they were 100% justified and going back to the safe shallows and creepvine forests.
The progression in this game is just amazing. I’ve been playing for quite a while and each iteration it just gets better. There used to be some serious plateaus, steps in the progression where you’d get stuck and feel like you were just treading water for hours. Now, between altering material requirements for blueprints and how things are distributed the core gameplay loop is perfectly tuned so that you are constantly progressing, constantly being encouraged to explore farther and then being rewarded for that exploration. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a survival type game that got the progression and core gameplay loop so right.
That's about where I'm set up right now. I love the creepvine forests so I always set up shop near them. I thought the thermal vent would be good to use... and I still haven't found the secoond blueprint for it.
Fucking sold.
Not enough fuel to return to the Cape.
Fly you beautiful bitch, fly!
Yeah, they did. They learned that they can still make half a billion dollars by doing absolutely nothing.
Gonna stand on the roof of my powerplant and watch from Orlando
Collinsworth has always been a douche, he's just progressed into one who seems hellbent on confusing the maximum number of people about the rules.
Little bitch, someone who doesn't want to be digested, potatoe pohtahto
That was a good episode of Cowboy Bebop
Oh no, law abiding citizens are going through proper channels to secure an effective means of self defense!
300+ Hours in this game and I just found this out.
I would love to run into hunters during missions.
It is the ending. Just ignore Bioware's trainwreck.
And his disciple John Moses Browning, hallowed be his name.
Right now it’s porn, but think about it. Right now a single deepfake takes a decent rig 6 to 8 hours to do. Given the rate that computing power is improving and the program will get optimized I wouldn’t be surprised if a decent rig could crunch one out in an hour in two years. In ten I expect we’ll see an app on phones able to turn out decent ones.


Actors are easy because of how many pictures get taken of them, but think of everyone today with Facebook and Instagram and the hundreds of pictures they have out there publicly. How long before someone cooks up a program to scrape Facebook and Instagram albums for faces of a particular person to use in making fakes? It’s not even porn that’s the concern. We take video evidence of something as gospel now but with some maturity of the tech it’s not gonna get pretty hard to trust video as well. Actually I just realized it may come full circle around to revenge porn, imagine a jilted ex deepfaking a sextape and sending it to their ex’s family.
Your CPU is designed to do a few extremely complicated things in parallel. Your graphics card is designed to hundreds of very simple things in parallel. Crypto mining is essentially doing lots and lots of basic math problems. 


Think of it this way. You’ve got a river 100 meters wide. Your processor works by dividing it into 4 25m wide lanes. When a massive ship comes through it can use one of the lanes and it can pass through 4 of these at a time but it’s limited to four at a time regardless of size so if you need to move lots of tiny boats though… you’re boned. Your graphics card instead divides the river up into 50 2m wide lanes. It can pass through an enormous number of little tiny boats but is powerless in the face of a big tanker. Since mining crypto is really just doing lots of tiny little problems your GPU is much better at it than your CPU.
I’m not sure if you’re intentionally being obtuse or what. This isn’t a “fun” style of fight. Have you ever PvP’d against someone with a sniper set up who does this? If you’re not in a group, don’t get the jump on them, and they’re not an idiot you’re pretty hosed unless you’re specifically geared up to deal with them. That’s my entire point, it’s not going to be a fun and challenging encounter, it’s a gear check. In the open world an NPC like a hunter, or worse two tagging teaming you, with it’s(they’re) AI set to playing keep away isn’t going to be fun or a challenge. It’s just going to be, “Do I have a min/maxed sniping set on me” Yes, ok then let’s play whack-a-mole. No, well fuck me.


The Hunters as they are are do-able regardless of how you’re set up, unless you’re running a sniping set up in the Underground in which case… ok, whatever. They’re challenging, they’re fun, they work great, I’m disappointed when I do a run and don’t see them. What you’re proposing is giving a hunter the most obnoxious set of priorities any enemy type has and giving it to a enemy class with player level gear, healing, speed, and a computer’s reflexes. That is not a recipe for a good time. Drop regular hunters in the open world occasionally. Hell, I’d love a GE where hunters can show up on any mission.
But remember, were supposed to feel bad about taking money from record execs.
No, it wouldn’t. Hunters are not regular NPC’s. The only way to reliably kill the kind of hunter you’re talking about is one shotting them with a sniper rifle of your own. With the way you describe the hunter AI if you don’t kill them in one shot they’ll bunker down and heal and if you get close they bolt. Hunters have player level healing abilities and are just as fast as we are. You can deal with this somewhat in the Underground and Resistance where the maps are limited in size and the Hunter AI wants to get close for the axe finisher. This means when they do try to bolt to heal they rarely have any appreciable head start. If you change that to a keep away mode where they prioritize distance you will not be able to run them down and disrupt their healing. This leaves you with your sole remaining option being lugging around a full sniping kit and praying you have nothing on cool down when your SHD goes screwy so you can jump into it. Also, what is a newly arrived player at WT5 going to do against this? It’s not challenging, it’s just a gear check. 
I mean I'm not gonna say there's not some element of just being completely done with them but there is a point where they run out of gas and turn into little bastards but don't have enough sense to just go to bed so I gotta make'em.
That would be zero fun actually. Without a godly set of deadeye or hunters Faith and a great sniper rifle you'd have almost zero chance to pin them down and kill them.
Well there's two of my top five greatest fears in one shot.
No, I've been keeping up with him. After Dwayne Johnson I've been paying more attention to wrestlers turned actor, or maybe more accurately wrestlers who've shifted focus in their acting.

It's one of the reasons Bushwick hurt so much, total waste of good actors.
The entire scene with him wiping out the mutiny was just... a visual orgasm. Paired with Come a Little Bit Closer, oh baby. 
He was even good in Bushwick and that movie is fucking atrocious.
Like so many terms today toxic masculinity is way overused and usually inappropriately, but it is a real issue in some situations and worth talking about.
The F9 was a fantastic antiship missile, it just needed a bit more of a warhead.
I dunno, looking at how things are going right now it seems pretty accurate to adulthood.
You don't have to drain the whole thing. Pulling it down 6 inches would have likely prevented 95% of this and a good perimeter drain could handle the rest.
No, but in Florida you have to chew your air before you can finish inhaling.
It's really like any mythology when you dig deep enough. If you go beyond the surface of Greek, Roman, Norse, or Japanese mythology shit gets real complex, real fast. If anything middle earth's mythology is more coherent as it wasn't slowly aglomerated over centuries or bastardized by subsequent generations.
It's Bethesda, of course all the bugs and exploits still work.
...that would be the most fitting punishment imaginable.
You shut your whore mouth!
Exactly, I'd have no issue with them letting me just buy the cosmetics, but hide them in lootboxes where 90% of its crap I don't want? Fuck you.
I'd be shocked if he doesn't have plays specifically for each weather pattern, temperature,  and surface they're playing on.
Makes me wonder where the Schinyhorse would slot in.
Look at his hair.  I'm gonna go with no.
This picture is not from 1917, the ship has multiple radar mounts
Looks like most of it was an attempt to get cheetah kisses. Can't say I blame him. 
Sort of the opposite of what usually happens.
Malak was a bitch, doesn't deserve such august company.
So was I. Was wondering how you'd break that.
Kerbal Space Program
No, it’s not too complicated. They are compassless, rudderless, idiots. Why do they create supermutants? Well originally they were experimenting with FEV, the problem is that they pretty quickly figured out that they couldn’t control it, 8 foot tall cannibalistic green rage monsters were inevitable. The head scientist of the FEV research department summarized this and submitted it. He was then told to just keep making supermutants anyways. Mind you, the person who knows more about FEV than anyone else said that it’s a dead end and Father told him to keep bashing his head against the brick wall at the end of it.


Why are people kidnapped and infiltrators put in their places? Good example, the farm at the old waste treatment plant. The kidnapped the father (and likely turned him into a rage monster) and replaced him so they could have them grow a crop for testing. Ok, so far so evil, but what was going to happen when the test was over? They were going to burn the farm to the ground and liquidate the man’s family and farm hands. Ok, why? Why did they kidnap the father in the first place, couldn’t they have replaced their current seeds with the modified ones? Why not just offer them the seeds and have them grow them? Why not have a synth come in looking for farm work? Hell, why bother with that podunk farm at all? There’s plenty of land and their coursers are pretty tough, just start a synth farm on the surface with a couple of coursers to protect it. Why was the default approach to kill the father, do the test, then kill everyone else? How is this not the least efficient means of doing this possible?


Why kill everyone else in Vault 111 but leave the sole survivor, the only person who MIGHT come after the baby, alive? If you need pre-war unmutated DNA you’ve got hundreds of samples on ice, just take the baby and leave it all alone for later. 


Why sabotage every attempt to found a better society on the surface? This started well before Father came into power so why? What’s the end goal? If you wanted to kill people the Institute has more than enough coursers and early model synths to just exterminate the surface population. All they seem to do with their constant meddling is to maximize the suffering on the surface.


Why did they stop their experimentation on humans and improving them? After all Keller was a heck of a success story being well over a century old and still going strong. What failed? Why are synths the way forward? Why create these things virtually identical to humans, with higher cognitive function and then just call them hardware? Why not purpose built workers rather than a slave race?


Why did that young girl and her entire settlement need to be killed because she figured out how to supply them with power?


Why the fucking gorillas?


The Institute has no greater purpose or goal to their actions. They have some surface justifications for their bullshit but none of it actually holds water.
I played 400 hours of Fallout 4, 100 of that was messing with mods and 240 of the rest was just screwing around with settlements. I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone who doesn’t desperately want to play a really gimped post apocalyptic city builder.
You’re absolutely correct, however, magic is magic, you can’t say “Nuh uh, it doesn’t work that way!” when it’s totally made up. I can however go get my 1911 and demonstrate exactly how that’s just not possible because it’s a real thing.
The reason those statements get made is because there is a tremendous amount of misinformation and cherry picking going on to create a narrative. For instance, up thread the statement that this isn’t the first school shooting of the year but the 11th. Well it’s only the 11th if you count suicides, accidental discharges in which no one was hurt, and crimes happening around schools. That stat isn’t meant to paint an accurate picture of what’s going on but to sensationalize it. Same thing with shootings, every time a shooting happens it’s painted as this massive problem that’s likely to kill you when in fact you’re more likely to die due to lightning or shark attack. The oft stated fact that 30k people die a year due to guns omits the key fact that 20k of those are suicides. “Assault weapons,” get tons of attention when in fact the OVERWHELMING majority of gun violence is with handguns. Hell even calling them “assault weapons,” is inaccurate. It’s difficult to have a meaningful conversation about fixing problems when the person you’re talking to is operating on incorrect information.


As for pointing out that most gun violence is gang related. It’s not about, “Eh, it’s poor people so fuck’em,” it’s about framing the problem. Gangs and gang violence is the issue, guns are merely the tool. Even if you managed to eliminate guns overnight the underlying issue is still there. Same thing with suicide, the underlying issue remains and has to be addressed. In both cases time would be better spent and society better off, if the core underlying problems we’re tackled rather than stripping law abiding citizens of fundamental rights… and leaving the problems intact.
So he doesn’t want people of other races living near him because of their race/color, but he’s not a racist. Ummm…. that’s not how that works dude.
I highly doubt that they’d do this but if I was going to simply expand the game what I would do is Division 2.0. The retail package would contain the base game of 1.0 for free. New players could go back and play 1.0 or they can start right into Div 2.0. They would have a new B.o.O. and it’s upgrades would include all the upgrades current players have as well as the new ones. They’d play through the story same as 1.0. Returning players would have the same game, only you’d start off in the world tiers so you still get a challenge leveling and you wouldn’t feel like your Div 1 gear was pointless. You’d still need to upgrade your new B.o.O. in order to get access to new skills and perks and activities wouldn’t open up until you finished the activities on the map like in 1.0. In order to keep progression alive I’d add two new WT levels, 6 and 7 and push the gear score cap up to 310 and 350 respectively. The whole point is to make it so that Div 1 players feel like they have a leg up on Div 2 and their grinding had some benefit but to still have progression beyond where they are while giving newbies a chance to catch up without too much lag. Once you max out your WT all the set pieces, classifieds, and exotics will drop everywhere. This keeps the Div 1 map relevant allowing returning players to enjoy the old content they actually like and gives new players an actual reason to go back and try the original game.


Heck, this system would even let new players play Div 1 and then roll into Div 2 seamlessly like it was one huge game. I’d just leave the enemy cap in the Div 1 map at 30 to encourage players to move onto the Div 2 map and then when the world tiers start everything’s relevant again.


I’m also going to say the cardinal sin, that this doesn’t seem like it would be overly complex a solution as this is largely a big expansion and not a new game. It’s something other games have done they just haven’t labeled it as a sequel.
Bungie clearly isn't interested in the franchise. 
It's been almost a day, he's dead by now right?
There's no way for them to win in that argument so staying out of it is the smartest thing they can do.
...I'd still drink them.
Gang violence is a wholly different problem though. To fix gang violence you have to address the underlying socioeconomic problems and whoops, look at that, I've slipped into commie talk. Next thing you know I'll be talking about education, prison reform, and social safety nets.
Stop bringing facts to a feels fight!
You're not wrong, in 2016 one of them left a note that explicitly said, "I want to be famous, if I kill a bunch of people the media will make me famous," and the idiots learned nothing. 
Because they weren't what is considered a "school shooting". The number includes any time a gun was discharged near a school, be it suicide, no one being hurt or just gang violence nearby. Not saying that's good, but it's not the widely used definition. 
None of them require a grind. I played solo for three hours tonight and got Bug and Cage without even really pushing hard to get either. Haze is the only one that might require some work.
Go run missions, it's pretty simple. Just make sure the mission is at least on hard. 
It shocks people how long it can actually take the police to arrive. I don’t live in the sticks, I live a few miles outside of the city center in a relatively large city. When I point out that the average police response time to an emergency in my area is 10 minutes it stops a lot of anti-gunners in their tracks.
Guess I'm calling in sick today.
“I don’t condone spousal lying but Imma gonna go ahead and say lie your ass off.”


And yeah, men aren’t in control of their wive’s bodies but at the same time, it’s a marriage, it’s a partnership. Outside of actually cheating on the person I can’t think of anything more trust annihilating than “LOL, I stopped taking my birth control and now I’m totally pregnant! PS, since you’re the father and my husband you’re now totally on the hook for an 18 year commitment you didn’t sign up for!”
Thats not how a 1911 works... like... at all.
You can sue anyone for anything, but the problem is that you’re still going to wind up in front of a jury and you have to convince them that you have a valid complaint. Again, good luck finding a jury that would agree with the child molester on that.


“We the Jury find that the defendant did not beat the plaintiff nearly hard enough and is entitled to another fifteen minutes of ass whooping after which the plaintiff owes us all compensation for this pointless bullshit.”
You deserved it. 


Failing to capitalize the b like some uncultured swine.
There’s also the political angle. Because most prosecutors in the US are elected they don’t want black marks on their records. Failed prosecutions are one, but being the guy who tried to pin a murder charge on a father who was defending their child would be an even bigger one. There’s literally zero upside to bringing such a case to trial. You’re not gonna win and even if you do, congrats, you just handed your opponent in the re-election the golden ticket to send you packing.
This guy would never have seen the inside of a jail cell. There are multiple accounts of father’s in this exact situation (in an of itself that’s horrifying) and they wound up killing the attacker either accidentally or “accidentally” and no charges were filed. Hell, there was the guy in the eighties who straight up executed his son’s molester while the US Marshals were escorting him through the airport and he only got five years probation.
No chance. It would be the easiest job a defense attorney ever had. That said no prosecutor in the country would bother bringing it to trial because he’d know he’d never get the conviction.
In this case it’s highly unlikely that anything would happen to the father, even if he’d beaten the guy to death. First off, he was protecting his son which is entirely legal. The legal question is if he’d continued on and killed the guy after he was no longer a threat. Which would be difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt in the best of situations. When the dead guy was caught in the act molesting the accused’s child… yeah, there aren’t many prosecutors who’d touch that with a ten foot pole much less dare to bring that in front of a jury.
Five years probation after straight up executing his sons abuser on camera.

I'm ok with this. Not sure I should be but... yeah.
This isn’t an attack on you, please don’t interpret it as such. If you love Voyager more power to you. The reason I personally loathe Voyager is that it is a failure of vision. The set up for Voyager is amazing, a Federation starship flung to the other side of the galaxy, 70 years to get home, no support, and oh yeah, half the crew is a bunch of rebels who you were just trying to arrest. Coming off the heels of DS9 this had so much promise, how would they keep the ship together, how would the crews work together? What would they do when the Federation’s principles were tested 60,000 light years from the Federation?


The answer to all that is absolutely nothing. The crews instantly integrate. There’s virtually no conflict aside from a few spats in Engineering. In fact the show suddenly remembers 4 seasons later that there should have been a conflict and decided to call attention to that with an episode that called back to that. The ship is always fine, no matter how many consoles explode it was always showroom fresh the next episode. The Federation’s principles were always upheld and hell, were rarely even tested. The show should have been so much more and it wasn’t. They desperately wanted another TNG even if the overall story didn’t support it.


Voyager had some high points, Year of Hell, the Doctor, Seven of Nine, Tom and B’Elanna’s relationship, it’s just that it had the potential to be so much more and settled for mediocrity, and neutering the Borg.
It's about presentation. Anyone can kill some random trooper. It takes Vader to kill them with style.
You've already put more thought into the show than Voyagers writers ever did.
No, most of the Q we saw were pretty focused in on whatever it was they were doing. John Delancy's Q tried to pull off not giving a fuck but he was intensely interested in what was going on at all times.
A Q with no fucks left to give.
Let’s see, Zionist enforcement, mercury in vaccines, “The Cabal”, communism, homeopathic remedies to prevent autism due to vaccines only $12 buy it from me, Babylon, a praying(?) monkey, rage against satan and his witchcraft chemicals (no one tell this guy about dihydrogen monoxide), end of days, 14 dead in the Philippines due to vaccines this week, oh… detoxing glad they’re doing that, vaccines equal taking the 666, sad… dog(?) is that a dog? 


Yup, we’re at DEFCON 3 levels of crazy.
Well what’s the point of any of it if you can’t look good doing it?
Cache rewards are dynamic. They will pop out rewards based off your world tier when you collected them so just go ahead and open them when you get them. When picking up the collectibles always throw on the highest gear score piece in each slot, don’t even care about stats or anything else because you’re not fighting anything more than red trash when you’re collecting. This will get you to WT5 ASAP. Once you get to WT5 that’s the time to get more picky about what you equip but that’s also an entirely different video.
Difference is that recalibration and optimization are fixed goals. If I need credits to recalibrate I know where I can get some and pretty much what the rate of return is going to be. Same with Div Tech. I don’t mind those costs, I don’t love them, but they’re fixed and if I put in X hours I’ll get Y reward. That is VASTLY preferable to put in X hours, get to pull the lever on the RNG slot machine.
If you just started playing it’s highly unlikely you’ll be able to hit WT5 in time to do anything with this upcoming GE. Leveling takes around 30 hours and all the gathering collectibles you’d need to do to hit WT5 will take another 10 to 15. Also, while the collectibles will get you to WT5 you’re not likely going to be terribly well geared, at least from a farming the GE perspective. You’ll have solid gear and be able to replay any story mission on hard but you won’t likely have the set bonuses and optimization you need to really blow through the content to farm hard.


The timing sucks, if it was a week later you’d likely be able to do something with it but as is I wouldn’t stress about it.
You just made my morning. Glad you’re able to get something out of it. The collectibles thing kills me because they are such great background and story for the game. The way you’re going is how you’ve gotta approach it, the main story missions are level gated but as soon as you can do them you want to, they are always going to be big upgrades to your BoO and that’s priority 1.
If I get that figured out we'll enough to give good advice about it I will. However there are already a ton of videos covering just about every end game activity. Not a ton of help about how to get there.
McConnell embodies everything wrong with the Republican party as a whole. Trump is a symptom but McConnell represents the actual disease. The Turtle loves Trump because he’s a fantastic smoke screen that lets McConnell be a worthless shit but get almost none of the flak for it.
Not really, F=1/2mv^2, the velocity is a much greater contributor to the force than the mass of the projectile. That said, felt recoil is a combination of a lot of factors. Propellant burn rate can make the difference between a sharp kick and a firm push. The 40mm grenades for the M203 work on a Hi-Low system that’s designed to reduce felt recoil by spreading out the recoil impulse.


Like it’s been said, I wouldn’t want to Rick Grimes that thing and a shoulder stock would be vastly preferable but I think it would just be uncomfortable, not wrist breaking. All this is just armchair speculation, never actually gotten to fire a 40mm hand cannon but damn do I want to now.
The velocity is significantly lower.
I couldn't possibly imagine how such a simple system could fail!
Haha, I mean really, Mechwarrior? Who would want to stomp around pretending to be a battlemech, like there are 37 year old men doing that.



Ohmygod I need this. 
And you'll never have to buy salt again.
It’s going to depend tremendously on your point of view. For a large portion of the galaxy the Empire was just the flag waving over the planetary governor’s office and a name on the tax check at the end of the year. In return they provided a peace throughout the galaxy that allowed for prosperity after a fashion. However this was paid for with a non-democratic government, don’t like what your government is doing? Tough. Additionally certain species were enslaved or at least had significantly fewer rights than others and some planets were forcibly stripped of their natural resources regardless of how the locals felt about it. That said, neither the Old Republic or the Jedi had any real issue with slavery either, turning a blind eye towards it.


When comparing it to the previous government and the once that succeeded it you could argue that it was better. The Old Republic was corrupt and inefficient and utterly reliant upon the Jedi, a religious order that didn’t answer to the government yet had a disturbing level of influence over it. It was also wholly unable to protect itself. Without one rogue Jedi master ordering up a clone army when the Separatists decided to separate all the Old Republic could have done when they seceded was send a strongly worded letter of objection to them. The New Republic was a reaction to the Empire, trying to employ the lightest of touches and reducing its Military to the point that it allowed the First Order to flourish and grow until they blew up the New Republic’s entire fleet and current capital in one fell shot. From a standpoint of simply being able to exert control and defense of itself the Empire was far better than either of those options.


From an idealistic standpoint, yes, the Empire was bad. However from a realistic standpoint it was better than what came before and after it.
Children truly love our anthem.
Always, love that man's voice.
Go us.
I'm not trying to suggest that someone can pull out a highschool text book and just follow the directions though it's only slightly more difficult than that to do it for a gun type bomb. However since you're mostly fussing with explosives and detonators you can take your time and get it right before committing limited fissile material to a bomb, and again, the challenges are known. Even true thermo-nukes are understood. Most of the true genius of modern weapons isn't in that they make big booms its in the fact that we've got them small enough and reliable enough to stuff half a dozen atop a missile, or flexible enough to pick your yield on the way to the target, or efficent enough to maximize the number of bombs you can get from a given quantity of fissile material.

My point is mostly that if you're not overly concerned with elegance or size and you're just a terrorist or any podunk state looking to make a big splash the actual construction of the weapon isn't the hold up, its the fissile material.
It is actually. That's why all nuclear nonproliferation focuses on methods of enriching uranium or producing plutonium, because that's the hard part. Once you've got a few kilograms of weapons grade uranium a bomb is inevitable.
Seriously, the amount of time it takes to design and properly test out a major interplanetary craft is huge. Then you actually have to fly the mission. I had a big mission to Duna, mothership, lander, rover, ISRU to refuel, jump up to Ike, then back to the mothership. I spent hours running the numbers to figure out how much delta V I’d need. Then it was probably two or three weeks of playing building, testing, and getting it all sequenced and ready to go. I was a solid month into things before I even started the mission. Ironically I blew through the entire mission in two marathon sessions back to back during some time off. 


Geez, thinking back on it it was the same for my Eve ballon and my Eve sample return missions. My big solar system explorer was at least two months on and off. Then there was the time I spent three months perfecting asteroid wrangling and the ships to do it with.


KSP will devour your free time.
I think if most people realized just how stupidly simple nuclear weapons are they’d get a lot more worried. The truly difficult part of process is getting enriched fissile material. Once you’ve got that you can build a gun type fission bomb that will get you between 10 and 20kt in your average machine shop. An implosion style fission device would require a more elaborate shop but again, it’s all about getting the fissile material, the actual physics and construction are well understood. Even a fusion device isn’t that difficult, especially for state actors. The physics are well understood and it’s mostly an engineering problem. 


Most of what separates people like the US and Russia from North Korea is the fine tuning, making them efficient enough so they can be small and reliable enough to put on the ends of missiles. If you don’t have to put your bomb on the end of an ICBM and instead plan to deliver it in a panel van or small aircraft it’s pretty easy to do.
There’s an entire… branch(?) of Kerbal mods that are dedicated to pure reality modeling real life stellar bodies and actual rockets. Real Scale Solar System (RSS) is the cornerstone of most realistic kerbal mod set ups.
This story will never fail to piss me off. What Mader was doing was actual police work, he was actually trying to deescalate a situation and save a man’s life. He correctly assessed the situation and had it under control only to have the next officer roll up and blast the guy.


>”They’re used to seeing people holding guns, and they take the time to assess the real danger of the situation.


>”Combat vets who’ve been exposed to extreme violence have a different ‘threat threshold,’” James said, “which means that they’re more in control of their physiology, and they’re not allowing this fight-or-flight response to drive them into action.”


Those are the takeaways. Guys with guns, even guns pointed at them, while concerning, are part of the job and something you gotta deal with and not an immediate call to whip out your own gun and kill them.
Not the point. By every account he should have gotten the permit but because it was a "may issue" jurisdiction the sheriff could just deny it because he didn't like the color of MLK's skin. It highlights why "may issue" is unconstitutional. 
In fairness, he does everything like a cunt.
You're better off assuming every mobile app has some sort of backdoor installed.
We should all be that kid, no screaming, no running, no cowering. "Dark Lord of the Sith in my bedroom? It's go time."
 Lucky, looking forward to this in a big way. 
Remember when they at least tried to hide it?
Unclean! UNCLEAN!
Sadly some people actually watched Bushwick. Anyone who made it through is owed 90 minutes of their life back.
No one likes hearing it but think about it. DLC is promised to be free, microtransactions are still turned off, the Mouse is breathing down their necks, the game is now nothing but a money sink to EA that can only hurt them. They will do the bare minimum to get this thing off their plates and be done with it.
I'd say he's forgotten more about football than most coaches know to begin with but that would imply he's actually forgotten something. 
His proper name is Darth Sweater.
The real joy is then watching all your nieces and nephews spike their rolls right onto the floor.
No, solar panels don't put out much electricity at all, at least in terms of cars. A Teala Model S has 581kw worth of motors. Cover a Model S in solar panels and you make between 4 and 5 kw.
Dude drinks waaaaaaaay too much coke.
>I'm making it increasingly obvious with every comment I know literally nothing about my countries inception or history.

Fixed that for you.
 Eh,  just play Gaige, fuck aiming. 
....Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragonkeep was worth any amount of subpar gunplay.
Fight me.
That's best centimeter.
Spikes actually included Charlottesville in there, classy.
Uhh, that's not how it works. Facism isn't illegal. 
Flat(top) is justice.
It drives me insane. I clean up an area and move into a new one so I grab cover and get to work thinking I’m good but no, a half dozen guys spawn directly behind me and now I’m boned. I like the higher difficulty of WSP but the magic spawns are just bull.


Was cruising along last night and actually saw the group pop into existence not 15m ahead. The scanner is absolutely worthless.
How can you be aware of something that literally wasn't there two seconds ago? 
She's getting thin for me. I'm trying to play apocalypse Barbie here 
Yes, on the radio at some of the safehouses there are updates about the outside world. In one of them there are reports of Dollar Flu in every major city in the US. Given New York’s status as a tourist and business destination as well as an air travel hub it’s highly likely that the Dollar Flu spread pretty much everywhere.


I’m trying to collect all the info I can for a video I’m working on. From what I’ve found, we’re in the early stages of an apocalyptic type pandemic.
Celebrate your rank up by giving us a lot of money. We won't give you shit in return.
Always. Their first reaction upon seeing me was attempt to kill me and take my stuff. If they gave up and surrendered, I’d probably let them live. If they gave up being raiders before attacking me and wanted to become peaceful settlers, I’d let them. Sorry if the attempted murder and robbery didn’t go like you planned but you’re now a liability that can’t be trusted going forward. 
I want you to die but I'm not sure how... I'll lay on you till I figure it out.
You already were one, the internet just revealed it.
This video explains pretty well how YouTube themselves are involved.

https://youtu.be/LKp2gikIkD8
Yup, he pushed Dungy's team over the top offensively and won the Superbowl then nose dived for six straight seasons where we made a grand total of two play off appearances and lost both.

There was a reason the guy stopped being a head coach.
He is YouTube's perfect example of what they want. Daily uploads, 10 to 15 minute videos, massive appeal in the 11 to 15 demographic. 
They got caught with their hands in the cookie jar with that one. They helped set up the MCNs that produced so much if that crap. Generated billions of views.
How do you demonitize Ian? The guy is the Mr. Rogers of guns.
Everyone seems to forget his record with the Bucs was one game over .500
I want a scene where Force Yoda and Force Qui-Gon are sitting next to each other and Yoda says, “All your fault this is,” and Qui-Gon just sits there stewing.
As always, “But what could they do? Desert or rebel?” Umm, YES. Oh, it would have put their lives in danger? Like the millions of allied troops who had to put their lives in danger so Fritz wouldn’t have to risk getting in trouble? Fuck that argument every damn time.
Damn I’m jealous. My grandfather and my uncle-in-law both have Hi-Powers. While I don’t want my grandfather to die, he’s practically my father… knowing I’ll get his Hi-Power does sort of soften the potential blow, it’s a 40’s vintage Hi-Power that is just a dream to shoot. Never held a gun that was just so nice to go shoot. AR’s make it easy, my XD is a gun I’d trust my life too, my boy’s Henry is just wonderful but there’s something about that Hi-Power, the size, the weight, the recoil impulse, it’s just a gun that whispers, “One more magazine, you know you want to. It’s only money,” in my ear.
Block 1 will fly, once or twice, everything beyond that is just wishes right now.
Growing older is mandatory,  growing up is not.
Seriously, prime just keeps getting better. One of the few subscription services I've never minded.
That sounds like the recipe for an epic trip.
Better get to the store then, he's running low.
All things considered, probably the best that could have gone for the taxi.
I took my boy shooting for the first time after Christmas. He’d shot my BB gun quite a bit before so he was well versed in the rules of handling a firearm. His sisters would come out to watch when we were shooting and the first thing the kid would do is start drilling them on the five rules (the usual 4 plus, “If you see a gun, run and find Daddy.”)


Took his lever action .22 Henry to the range and the kid proceeds to rag out the bullseye at 10 yards. I’m a proud papa.
Running this guy out of business was the point. Well, not this guy in particular but stores like his. All you need to do is delay the issuance of licences a few months and a lot of smaller stores could go under.
Thats the entire reason the 2nd exists. 
The real problem was their reaction to it. If they'd been a slight bit more restrained in their freak out the geth might not have gone all Skynet on them.
Asking the real questions 
That is a delightfully long ladder.
...is that from the game? If so I may need to play it.
EA doesn't give a shit. Disney isn't letti g them turn microtransactions back on before the game is past it's prime anyways. With no prospect of MT money and DLC promised to be free all Battlefront is now is a money sink to them. They aren't going to waste the time and money worrying about whether or not anyone is cheating. They no longer care.
Apparently telling your kid no is now helicopter parenting. TIL
The only way they can access the internet is on a computer in the family room. Also anything they do is logged.
There's always explanation, they need to know why.
Fair enough, I see where you are coming from. Personally my style is to just end it and they I’m fine explaining the why however that works with my kids. The problem I’d have with that approach is that you wind up fighting the twat, (Paul, not your kid, your kid’s probably lovely) on a daily basis and I’m nowhere near as cool in my kids eyes as some YouTuber, even though I make vids for YouTube. It’s also easier to enforce as my kids don’t have any internet connected devices in their rooms.


You’ve got an entirely reasonable approach. My statement was a bit knee jerk but I’m used to talking to parents who don’t want to upset little Timmy and aren’t willing to be the bad guy on occasion.
A complete and total inability to empathize with anyone. 
It's actually instantaneous. "You can't watch this asshole anymore because he's an asshole."
Thats exactly what you do. My kids starts going gaga for someone on YouTube the first thing I do is sit down and subject myself to four or five of their vids a mind see if they're ok. After that the occasional check in to make sure they aren't turning into this asshole. Yeah, it fucking sucks, but I signed up for it when I decided to be a parent.
You have to be a little bit of a sadist to be a good parent. My kid starts wailing about some shit like this?

"Music, sweet music."
No you don't, they're idiots, just without the excuse.
Well, it took him longer than I thought it would 
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Corporate accountability? That sounds like commie talk!
Do you have a copy of his response, I'd like to read it.
>and two pilots who have balls of Depleted Uranium, but yeah you could manage it

So any Army Air Corp pilots?
Yeah, well New York is only slightly less fucked in the head than California.
The Walking Dead bit hurts.
SWATting needs to be considered attempted murder and in cases like this straight up first degree murder.
Thanks.
My son got a PS4 for Christmas, do you get to keep the games or is it just a month long rental?
Jesus... and fuck that guy. If you wanna die that's one thing but that bullshit could wind up taking others with him.
An hour would be enough time to get a gas turbine going from a cold start but not a coal unit. Coal units need anywhere from 8 to 24 hours depending on the size of the unit.
Also not at all uncommon.
Merry Christmas ya'll!
"Did I stutter?"
The first time it rains, water damage everywhere. Also, I hope there's an industrial sized AC unit somewhere in that mess because it's gonna leak climate control just as badly. 
Boat Mormonism is the one true religion!
Mine with the headphones is from the Ghost Recon Wildlands set. I honestly don't know why I got it. Bought the gold version a week or so ago and they threw a ton of shit at me.
"I made this."
It would have been perfect. Fantastic send off for her and you've set Laura Dern up as the new head of the resistance 
...DC just make this fucking movie.
True evil never dies.
Look at that, aliens taking the jobs of the hard working locals. Sad.
I know right! Those big things on the front and and back of the Bismarck can actually shoot!
Add on refusing to promote from within so that you'll never be able to advance. They expect total loyalty from you but offer you none in return.
Which kills all upward mobility in a company. I'm dealing with that now. When a manager retires they don't promote from within so there's no movement. If you wanna advance your only real option is to leave for somewhere else.

Then they wonder why no one has any company loyalty.
The description I heard and loved was an analogue childhood and a digital adulthood.
Erosion's a bitch.
I remember when I figured it out. Confronted them and got the truth. I was so damn proud of myself.

Then bummed that Santa wasn't real.

Then appreciative of my parents.

That night was an emotional rollercoaster. 
My son went from three to eleven in the blink of an eye. It sneaks up on you.
The TIE Striker, Millenuim Falcon, the Black One... I never thought my guns would be the cheaper hobby.
The Tornado is basically a sister plane to the Typhoon. This is the line is expect to find the Typhoon in eventually.
Time to go grind some Hawkers. Typhoons hype! 
The entire reason the 2015 rules happened is because the ISPs were starting to seriously fuck with traffic.
The problem is that Destiny 2 started exactly like 1. They spent three years fixing Destiny 1. Everyone rightly assumed that Bungie would have learned and Destiny 2 would incorporate everything they learned from 1 and then build on that. Instead Bungie just did it all over again. People should have known better and given it a bit of time to see how it turned out, but it’s just amazing how Bungie learned fuck all from Destiny 1.
The round is a typical hollow point, you can see how it expanded as it exits the gel. The flash is actually a combination of a few factors. This good clear gel has some oils in it. When the bullet penetrated it vaporized some of the gel and created a rapidly expanding cavity. As the cavity collapsed the pressure and temperature increased to the point where the vaporized gel ignited.
All I see is a Norwegian soldier and a tourist.
Let’s say I am fired up about a good old fashioned trust busting platform. Well most corporations would not like that, including Comcast. So while they throw money at my opponent they can go to Comcast and ask them pretty please to tank my website. Comcast, no longer required to deliver the bits regardless what they are, can legally ensure that for all my customers it’s like it’s 1992 and they get my website like it’s hosted with a dial up modem. YouTube vids get the same treatment, livestreams? Ha. News articles anything but critical? Glacial. Add on that the news media isn’t held to any standard of fair coverage and they can just ignore me like they did most of the Republicans in the 2016 primary who weren’t orange or straight up focus on purely negative stories even if they’re largely bullshit. I’m sure my candidacy will be wildly successful when I’m restricted to going door to door and handing out fliers to try and get my message out.


Now, I seriously doubt any corporation would be quite that blatant about it, but here’s the thing. Absolutely nothing I just described is illegal now.
And between the NN repeal and Citizens United corporations can make sure noone ever runs on that platform again. 
All evidence points to no, because this isn't new. Major AAA publishers have been treating customers like shit for years at this point and sales keep climbing. Gamers have no impulse control. They can't not buy the big new game.
Yeah, they're having real trouble with that. If you're not playing online and buying shark cards they don't give a shit. 
>What I don’t understand is…


Because why bother? They’re making money hand over fist dribbling out minimal content due to Shark Cards. What’s their motivation to expend significantly more resources to develop single player content that can’t be monetized via Shark Cards?
People like the illusion that they can just not buy them and then everything’s ok. When you buy the game anyways the Dev lost nothing by including them, there’s no reason for them not to do it again. You also provide a player base, whales aren’t going to buy their advantages in dead games. The thing that amazes me is in Battlefront 2 you clearly see just how badly they fucked the free to play experience in order to push microtransactions. Unless you pay, the game is an interminable and unrewarding grind with a system that gives it’s best results by you just not playing the game and idling instead. And people still bought it. Just… wow.
If you buy games with them then you're still supporting them and demonstrating to the devs that there is no down side to putting them in.
Then up then down then up then down again.
Boil off is not a safety concern. Boil off refers to the problem of keeping hydrogen cold enough. Again, the boiling point of liquid hydrogen is -253 degrees C, or about 20 degrees above absolute zero. In order to keep enough hydrogen in a tank to be economically feasible you need to keep it liquified. Well keeping things that cold is hard bordering on impossible. You will have a certain percentage of the tank’s contents boiling and converting to gas all the time. In order to prevent over pressurizing the tank you have to allow this gas to bleed off. With hydrogen because the boiling point is so low boil off can become a significant fraction of a tanks contents at an alarming rate, think losing major portions of the tanks volume in days. Additionally, hydrogen molecules, really H2, are incredibly tiny. Seals that would keep LPG nice and tight will leak hydrogen like a sieve. Given that a large portion of your hydrogen will have to be just vented off into the atmosphere this increases the cost of fuel by a large percentage.


Ok, one last time. Yes, refueling a hydrogen fuel cells is quicker than a battery. However, given that you can charge your electric car at home the only time this will become an issue is if you have to drive more than 200 or so miles in a single trip. If you travel between 201 and 400 miles you will save maybe half an hour. If you travel 401 to 600 miles in a day you will save an entire hour. Given that the average motorist will only embark on such a trip once or maybe twice in an entire year how does saving between 30 minutes and two hours in the span of a year justify paying two to three times as much to fill up the tank every single time? Because you drive the car more than just that one long trip. You’re paying two or three times as much to fill up the car every day.


First off, please address the cost issue with hydrogen vs. electricity because everytime I bring it up hydrogen advocates just blow it off. The only way to produce significant quantities of hydrogen is the electrolysis of water. This isn’t something you can fix with nebulous improvements in “efficiency,” because it’s a fundamental thermodynamic issue. Ergo hydrogen will always be more expensive than electricity on a dollar/km basis. Factor in that the sole advantage of hydrogen fuel cells over straight batteries is time to refuel which will be an issue with most people maybe once or twice a year. Why would the consumer ever pick a hydrogen fuel cell vehicle over a battery powered one?


Second, given that even in the US with it’s much greater sprawl, only 1.4% of the population has an “extreme” commute in excess of 50 miles one way and that even with that extreme commute they are still well within the range of an electric vehicle which they could charge at their house on a nightly basis… what’s the benefit to the general population that will justify paying the higher fuel cost? A slightly faster refueling stop once or twice a year?


The hydrogen pumped “all over” Europe, and it’s only about 1,500 km worth of pipeline, are the same kind we have in the US, low pressure pipelines. First off, due to corrosion and embrittlement issues you can’t just use old pipelines for hydrogen, you need all new ones. Second due to hydrogen’s extremely low density you can’t supply enough for cars using low pressure gas lines. They’ll need to be either extremely high pressure or liquified to move enough hydrogen. Also, you can’t just “remodel” existing gas stations for hydrogen. Literally nothing about existing gas stations is reusable with hydrogen aside from the awning and the convenience store. LPG is nothing like hydrogen aside from the “gas” part. LPG’s boiling point is around -40 C which is about 200 C warmer than hydrogen. You can build an LPG cylinder to withstand a few hundred PSI and it’ll be fine. Hydrogen needs tanks that can withstand several thousand psi. LPG won’t literally corrode and embrittle it’s own tank if you use the wrong material. And LPG’s molecules are positively titanic compared to hydrogen making sealing it easier by several orders of magnitude. As for boil off being “solved,” please provide a source because I’d love to read how they’ve managed it.


I’m genuinely curious because I have never understood the obsession with hydrogen fuel cells. I do not understand why people are convinced they are the future when their sole benefit is a faster fill up once or twice a year when that’s actually a concern and the drawback is doubling or more your fuel bill.
Hydrogen would be faster to fill, certainly. However that’s utterly inconsequential 99% of the time. Current electric cars have ranges of over 200 miles and the overwhelming majority of people’s daily driving totals less than 30 miles. The average consumer will not be willing to double or triple their fuel bill on their car so that the one or two times a year they have to drive more than 200 miles in a shot they quickly refill at a hydrogen station instead of longer wait at a fast charger.


Also, the infrastructure requirements for hydrogen are ridiculous. It’s not a matter of just plopping down a filling station. Hydrogen has to be either kept at extreme pressure or cryogenic temperatures. Boil off, especially with something like a commercial filling station, will be a huge problem. You’ll either have to build an entire fleet of refrigerated hydrogen tankers or more likely accept even greater inefficiencies by electrolyzing water at the filling stations. Meanwhile if you’ve got electricity you can add some form of charging device as it’s just a local plug. The infrastructure exists and all it requires is the last tie.


It will never make sense to generate electricity, and then instead of just using the electricity directly, to waste a ton of it to create hydrogen, then use the hydrogen to make electricity again.
The entire point is it is such a monumental event that everything just stops. Something truly staggering has happened and there's nothing to be said at that monemt.
Trading a half dozen bombers for what looks like an SSD sized capital ship is actually a pretty good trade.
Which is the most interesting part of it to me.
My current colony has about 20 people in it, of which three are pyros. There are enough people, and all have firefighting as a priority, that so long as the spaz out happens during the day it’s a minor annoyance at worst. The problem is if the pyro is up late after everyone else is asleep, then things get annoying.


Basically, no nightowl pyros. That said, three is my limit. You’ve got to be god tier now to get into my colony if you’re a pyro.
Oh my sweet summer child...
Good, let him moan and whine and contest it. That just keeps the headline, "Donald Trump backed child molester Roy Moore still a loser," in the forefront for a while longer.
No, they will not. Hydrogen only makes sense if you have to travel farther than 200 miles in a single go… and there’s no fast charging station along your route. In all other cases electric makes vastly more sense.

Hydrogen production is, and will always be, inefficient. Why not just put the electricity into a battery instead of pissing most of it away during electrolysis? It assures that the price of filling up your hydrogen fuel cell car will be two or more times as expensive, dollar per mile, as an electric.

Electric cars do not require massive infrastructure changes. You can plug electric cars into the existing grid. Hydrogen powered vehicles will require an entirely new production and distribution network from the ground up because…

Hydrogen is a bitch to store. Unless you keep it liquid which by the way is only about 20 degrees away from absolute zero. Otherwise welcome to boil off and watching a significant portion of your fuel just up and disappear on daily basis whether you drive or not.
Alright, well first PV cells aren’t free, they aren’t even free to operate. Second, electrolysis of water is incredibly inefficient and it’s inefficient in a way that’ll never be fixed. You simply can’t get around the fact that you have to put more energy into splitting the water than you’ll ever get out in a fuel cell. 


Second, why in the hell would a third world country install a lot of solar cells and produce electricity and then piss a large part of it away to generate hydrogen? Battery tech is vastly simpler than fuel cells and doesn’t start off by throwing a significant portion of the power you produce away.


That’s before we even get into the issues with infrastructure and basically having to redo everything to support hydrogen vs. just using existing infrastructure for electric vehicles.
Its not an efficiency issue with the fuel cells, it's a problem with making hydrogen itself. You have to use several times more energy breaking water down than you get by using it in the cell and due to physics this will always be the case.
 The primary source of hydrogen is petroleum distillation. The only way to produce the amount of hydrogen you'd  need for mainstream hydrogen vehicles would be electrolysis of water which is so stupidly inefficient it's silly, like burning three gallons of gas to make one. 
Pretty much, there's a strong correlation between having good socio-economic prospects, good education, and massive reductions in crime across the board.
So much winning.
People do not respect gators nearly enough. Its a 400 pound carnivorous lizard that's outlived the dinosaurs.
Its a hill race, going off the track virtually guarantees that you're flipping 
What was the point of all those commands? The moment the guy is on the ground, hands on the back of his head, feet crossed you’re done. The guy is compliant and in no position to resist. All turning it into a lethal game of Simon says does is give the guy multiple opportunities to go for a gun. If you’re actually afraid the guy is a threat all you’ve done is give him opportunities AFTER you control the situation. These cops are complete idiots and got someone killed because of it.
No, you’re not, but I’m also picky very picky about who gets to become a prisoner. After my annual recruitment fair (Raid) I sort through the survivors. The “lucky” ones get rescued, patched up, and a pretty nice cell to live in until Stockholm syndrome sets in and they join up. The ones who might make it get patched up and kicked out. The ones who are bleeding out and not useful to me… well, they’re out due to hypothermia after we strip them long before they bleed out.


Sorry, but you attacked me after I did, and let me check my records to be sure…. Ah yes, both jack and shit to you so sorry if I don’t waste valuable medical supplies, colonist effort, and food on you. It’s not personal, it’s just one less pirate asshole to deal with going forward.
He's got a 120hp engine in that thing, the added weight is a benefit.
120hp? Holy hell, for the love of god get a rollbar on that thing. 
Don't worry, in a month Comcast will roll out their own native streaming and VOIP services that will have no buffering or call quality issues.
And why is that? 
They won't "push back," because they have zero leverage. This has already happened before with Netflix and Netflix lost and had to pay. They then raised their rates to make it up.
There is no such thing as a "Fast lane" there is only a connection they aren't fucking with, as much.
>All publishers will have to steer clear of them.

Thanks EA!
Yeah, they mirrored it.
I really don't get why you'd get an actress who looks perfect to play her... then cover her face in CGI shit.
Exactly, that guy looks right, that’s how everything in the movie SHOULD look including Alita/Gally. When she’s not wearing full body clothing it’s painfully obvious that she’s not human. The hands scene in the trailer for example, no one is confusing her for a normal human. [This](http://rufflebuttcosplay.deviantart.com/art/Battle-Angel-Alita-Preview-332550631) is a pretty solid rendition of how she should look in general.


Yes, in the Manga she has big eyes, even by the standards of the art, but it’s manga. They aren’t grossly disproportionate, just large. It’s like they tried to take her exactly from the manga, and failed, and then put her besides normal humans. It just looks wrong.
I'm rooting for the T-Rex way more than I am anyone else.
I'm far more ok with that than I am ok with being ok with it.
Jeez,  a race riot that killed 300 and left 10,000 homeless and no one mentions it in American history class.
How the fuck am I in my thirties an just hearing about this?
...let them fight.
Uh huh, *goes back to playing XCom and Open TTD*
It's a single player game, "cheating" is a meaningless concept.
If you’re trying to get rich in Skyrim by being a kleptomaniac hoarder you’re doing it wrong. And the economy is so utterly fucked in every Bethesda game that “balance,” is a hilarious concept that lacks all meaning. If by level ten you can have enough gold to just buy whatever you want whenever you want it, is it really “breaking” the game if you can reach the same point by level 8?
It’s a half assed system that doesn’t work for anyone. If you’re playing a serious survival/RP style game then suddenly going from being able to run to crawling at a snail’s pace because you picked up a dagger is stupid. Hell, your carry weight is absolutely ridiculous anyways. If you just wanna play the game then constant inventory management is pointless busywork especially given how easily exploited it is. In other words it’s a Bethesda system, it works well for no one and everyone has to get mods to fix it.
He was just showing off trying to impress those very same guys. He picked his audience.
The biggest constraint on the MMU's available delta V was having to accelerate McCandless' titanic balls.
The big problem you'd have is granularity of supply. Supply is calculated in big whole numbers and how you feel with in between makes a huge difference. 

For instance,  if you just round up then a 3.1 pilot and a 3.9 pilot are both 4 supply and the 3.1 load out is awful. However is you round to the nearest then a 3.45 pilot would be amazing value at 3 supply but a 3.55 would be shit at 4.

For such a system to work you'd need to break supply down to tenths at a minimum.
I haven’t seen it to that degree but I’ve more than a few times run into games that are just incomprehensible. The worst I’ve personally dealt with was when I had a 93 deck and faced off against a guy with a 117. How is that even a valid match? It usually happens later at night or early morning US time, but come on. I’d rather you just say, “No opponents available,” instead of letting someone steamroll me and lose 30 trophies. 
Well, some of them. The rest look like old Dells wearing ushankas and drinking vodka.
A neo-nazi complaining about facists... wow
Spared no expense.
Part of Nedry’s dialogue is a line about how “No one else could do what he’s doing for what he bid.” In other words, he underbid the job and Hammond isn’t laying off him just because of that. It’s like if you have a roofing contractor come in and tell you he can reroof your house for $4,000 when everyone else is saying it’s $5,000. Turns out $4,000 dude knew it was a $5,000 job and hoped he could either cut corners or hit you with a change order after he got the job. Only your lawyers are way better than his, and now you’re holding him to the $4,000 he bid. That’s movie Nedry.
The wire on the real life ADCAP is 20 or so miles or about 35,000 yards long. I’ve never tried a shot so long that running out of wire was a concern.


If you fire from the engaged side of the boat (side towards the enemy) and stay below 10 knots I’ve never lost a wire. Even firing from the wrong side I don’t recall losing a wire if I stayed at 5 knots. Depth changes don’t seem to cause any issues at all.
The biggest game in the last twenty years has 1m x 1m resolution and 16 x 16 textures. 
Even Primarchs love their momma.
So basicly, "You're wrong but I can't be assed to prove it."
As gamers we've proven we'll buy buggy, broken games and come back for more next iteration. They've got no real reason  to take QA seriously.
Yes, depending on the thrust profile you need.
You can almost see the committee at work. You've got elements from prewar design like the excessive MGs and the flamethrower.  War era thinking with the 76mm, and post war thinking with the engine power desire. The end result is predictably a mess.
In this case they were. For legislation of that size either case is pointless, it's not even remotely enough time. Some time both parties ARE full of assholes.
Both were absolutely unreasonable.
Given the shear size of the ACA, no it wasn't. It's not about just being able to read hundreds, or in the case of the ACA over a thousand pages of legislation. It takes time to process it and figure out what the impact will be. You can't do that in five days for legislation that sweeping. Five weeks would be pushing it.
 Bill doesn't understand human emotions.
Cowitness wasn't the right word, though I vastly prefer to have things cowitness.

Didn't know about the Leupold, very cool, but that's not what is on this rifle. Take a look at it closely, the sight line of the rear sight is straight into the mount of the red dot. At best you can maybe have any view through the upper 1/3 of the rear sight, maybe. Get rid of the riser on the red dot and you'd be fine.

Yeah, I'm being picky and the AR-15 is about as fantastic a platform for putting anything from 5.56 to 6.5mm downrange as we've ever seen but I still have trouble imagining it being in general service in 50 years or however far into the future this is. The big issue why I point this out when I see it and yes I'm just that guy, is you see such fantastic creativity with the design of everything else and then they just copy an AR-15... it's disappointing.
Futuristic soldier, still carrying an AR-15. Also, how are those sights supposed to work, not cowitnessed at all.
However the market for games has exploded with games selling ten times or more copies than when $50 was normal. Add on digital distribution removing the cost of printing physical copies and games are making more than ever before even if the price point hasn't changed.
Wow, I'm so surprised.  This is the most surprised I've been in the last... I dunno, seven seconds.
I'm a bit more than slightly tilted about the second as well.
It's clearly not since Rico's parents aren't citizens 
I don’t understand why you can’t believe it, this is EA, this is what they do. They are reassuring the shareholders, bankers, and investors that everything is fine and customers are just whiny babies, we’ll get back to bilking them shortly. This is exactly what you should expect from them. They are always going to find a way to fuck everything up and keep on fucking it up until they drag the developer out back and Old Yeller them.
That was my reaction back when I first ran into loot box based progression in ME3 multiplayer. "You want me to pay real money for the same shitty odds to get absolutely nothing I want? Fuck off."
Remember the audience he was speaking too, a bunch of investors and bankers,  people who don't know a thing about videogames outside of how much EAs stock is worth. So he crafts an idiotic straw man to assure them the way they do loot boxes is fine. Just like he pretends that broken progression systems give people choice when you can easily solve the problem by not withholding content and could just give everyone every ability at the start. 
Ok so your question is if we ignore the actual answer to the question, what's the answer to the question? 

It's money. The only gameplay consideration made was if it's ruined enough by Star Cards that you'll be tempted to gamble for them, period. This isn't a misbegotten idea someone had that went south. DICE knows how to do nonshitty progression. The gsmebis currently working exactly as intended.

They re supposed to ruin gameplay, it's their job.
Idling is a decade old problem in many games with this type of time based reward. There is zero chance DICE wasn't  aware of idling and knew it would be in the game but since idlers aren't going to be big MT spenders no effort was made to stop it.
All you have to do is wedge the stick to the side. You can sit and spin in a circle the entire match and the “AFK” detection is totally cool with it. All this requires is a rubber band or a stiff couch cushion. Hell, you can probably lean the controller right and get it to work.
It would be very easy, but how many console players are going to go to the trouble to run those scripts on their consoles? Even on PC the number is low. It’s not about eliminating the problem, but raising the barrier of entry to idling to the point where most people won’t bother.


While I’m ok with scaling your credits to a percentage of the battle score I also like the idea of having a credit floor. Having a minimum return for being in the battle is a good way to create a “progression,” floor so you don’t get in a spiral of the rich getting richer and the poor just have to suck it.


Right now all it would take to reduce the idler population tremendously would be to require hitting a button to be able to spawn in. The use HvV because you can just rubberband the stick over and walk away. A better reward structure and just making that tactic unusable would pretty much end this issue.
They are in as deep a shit with Disney as they can possibly get. They have associated both Star Wars and Disney with children gambling. If Disney is going to pull their license that decision has already been made. As for Christmas, most people who want the game have already bought it, the only people who haven’t are kids who are banking on mom and dad buying it and they aren’t paying attention to the controversies on Reddit or wherever and most of those have probably already been bought.


EA has already sold most of the copies of the game it ever will and the window to maximize profits from the MT’s is going fast and will be gone long before the Mouse even considers letting them turn them back on. This game is now a money pit for EA, whatever is already in development will probably be finished as far as DLC goes. Sometime middle of next year I expect we’ll see some kind of wishy washy PR piece about how due to MT issues EA wasn’t able to fund anymore DLC so that’s the end of it, last one out of the servers turn the lights out.
If the cops intentionally set up a system that encourages rioting and knows it’s going to happen then don’t even bother to make the slightest show of coming out to stop it… I dunno, maybe they are the ones who deserve the lion’s share of the blame?
Yup. It's just incomprehensibly stupid from a game design standpoint.
It's almost like EA are a bunch of lying pricks and you shouldn't trust them.
Make them press a button to respawn that is literally all it would take to get rid of most idlers. It's pathetic that they couldn't even be assed to do that.
With Twitch and YouTube you will find out within hours how fucked a game is. Outside of some massive role-playing games if you wait one day you can make an informed decision, wait 3 and you'll know absolutely everything you need to. The inability of people to wait even that paltry amount of time is stunning.
With digital distribution I simply don't understand pre-ordering. They can't run out of copies so why are you preordering?
They'll stop selling  unfinished games the day after we stop giving them money before They're finished 
That was my favorite outfit in wow.
You can’t stop idling, with this “progression” system in place it’s always going to be a thing. It’s about raising the barrier to entry. Right now the barrier to entry is a rubber band or a little creative positioning of the controller to keep the stick over. If you suddenly have to download macros or build a lego robot or the like, you’ll see the number of idlers drop off a cliff. This wouldn’t even be a thing with even the slightest attempt to discourage it.


And absolutely, fixing the progression system to reward actual play rather than just time is the best answer (with some kind of idling detection), but that isn’t happening and even if it does expect to find the top player in a match getting about as many credits as they do now. The game is designed to do its best to force you into MT’s and they aren’t going to change that. With missing the big sales window for MT’s and the playerbase augering in I can’t see EA devoting the time and money to excise the MT stink from the game. If anything after Christmas I expect they’ll just let it slowly die rather than waste money fixing it.
The entire point we're making is that it should not even be possible. The fact it is and is as rewarding as playing the game is the root problem.
In a world where the devs actually care this wouldn't be as rewarding as actually playing the game and doing it would get you booted.
This isn't poor AFK detection, it's absolutely non-existent. 
Except going by your soccer example, the guy who owns the stadium has 100 burly bodyguards who could drag your ass off the field and let everyone else play but can’t give enough of a shit to actually do it.
No argument, but a developer that actually gave a shit about their game could have easily prevented this either through an idling detection system (not hard when 95% of them just turn in a circle) or creating a reward system based off actually playing in game. This is an absolutely predictable outcome from their reward and progression system and they couldn’t be assed enough to do the most basic work to prevent idling.
No, this is 100% the dev’s problem.


They created a progression system that only rewards time in game, not skill. This type of system always leads to this kind of behavior, re: idling in TF2. This should have been anticipated and the rewards system either changed or at least some kind of idling detection routine put into the game. EA and DICE chose not to do it. Add on that this is the only way to “progress,” through an inherently unfair, unbalanced, broken-by-design Star Card systems and this is absolutely something they knew was going to happen but couldn’t give enough of a shit to prevent.
Think about it, this isn’t exactly a difficult problem to fix. Almost all the idlers I’ve seen are turning in tight little circles. Just going by checking key inputs, if all someone is doing is holding the stick hard over at all times, especially when playing Heros, then you can pretty sure they’re an idler, kick them and give them a 24 hour temp ban or even just add in a prompt that makes you push another button to respawn. While the Lego robot might be harder to detect, most people aren’t being that sophisticated. Just the most basic of preventive measures could have stopped this and given what a certainty idling was going to be they should have had it in from the start, like anti-cheat, but what you have to remember is… EA doesn’t give a shit. People who idle are not whales, if you take away idling from them they’re not going to just start dropping major money on the game. EA has already gotten all the money out of them they’re going to with the game purchase. Same thing with cheaters. Whales don’t cheat or idle because they just use money to bypass the need for all that, that’s why they’re whales. Now factor in that the prime sales time for MT’s has been missed and everyone is getting to experience what an unholy slog the game is if you don’t buy MT’s and I doubt there’s going to be much of a player base left. Why do you think they are/were taking so long to deal with the lag? With DLC being free and the loss of MT’s this game is a money pit now for them. EA will cut its losses with the game
Is this a real question? Because money. They figured pay to win gambling microtransactions would make them more money. They don't give a shit about the game.
Don’t expect them too. With the MT’s turned off and most of the game’s sales already having been made they’ve got no reason to give a shit.
Eh, I suppose but it’s never going to top the fact that playing Arcade mode to earn crates is abuse but opening your wallet is perfectly fine. They clearly stated that you owe them money if you want to progress in game.
The game needs to be made and balanced properly for that argument to hold weight. The Star Card system is designed to be inherently unbalanced and unfair. “Just play the game and have fun,” sure, while a guy who opened more crates or just got insanely lucky on his pulls has a massive advantage over you due to the fucked up, “progression” system.


There are plenty of games that have been going for years with no progression system, they’re just that good, why hello there Counter Strike, or that have a progression system that doesn’t offer overwhelming advantage and was actually made by DICE like Battlefield 3.


This is not those games. This is a game with an inherently unbalanced “progression,” system that punishes you if you don’t progress so don’t be shocked that people will do this kind of thing. This is intentionally shit game design.
EA doesn’t learn, EA doesn’t get better. This is who they are and how they operate and they’ve been doing this for almost twenty years. It’s like expecting Putin to turn over a new leaf any day now and be really swell guy.
>We all really thought this game would be different.


No, not everyone did. People have been saying things were going to be shitty since EA got the license. People said it about Battlefront and were ignored. People said it again about this game and were ignored. It wasn’t until the game was almost live and people started crunching the numbers that people started to figure it out. Welcome to where the rest of us have been for the last five years.
No, this is still on EA. Their “progression,” system is so screwed up that this is inevitable. When you don’t reward performance, just time in game, people have no reason to bother actually playing. It’s idling in TF2 all over again. It’s a known issue with this style of “reward,” system and it’s been known for over a decade and EA still went with it because money.


When the rewards are this low, and the progression is so intentionally slow, players are going to try and find a way around it and when it’s this epically bad of a system even people who normally wouldn’t do this kind of thing are going to. This is the end result of truly awful game design.


This isn’t even unexpected. From the beta people were saying idling was going to be an issue if they went with this.
It's a useful distraction for the tangerine in chief.
Remember, there is no such thing as an internet “fast lane,” there are only lanes they don’t intentionally slow down. You won’t get faster service, you’ll just get the service you get right now.
Rubberbandding is server side lag, not client side rendering issues.
Because as a group we've proven we don't care and will buy buggy disasters and come back for more next installment. Why spend the money fixing bugs if people buy it anyways?
Come on, how could they have expected people to want to play online?
I think you mean Ciaphas Cain, HERO OF THE IMPERIUM!
Because that's a great way to describe a movie, "It fills time until you can watch something decent."
The 1M+ mark puts a lot of youtubers under the bar including Toast. 
It's not being cheap, believe me, they're a bunch of shitheads, but the shear volume of video uploaded to YouTube is staggering. Every minute three to four hundred hours of video is uploaded. They'd need over 20,000 people watching video constantly just to keep up. Factor in normal work weeks and YouTube would have to employ about 80 to 100,000 professional video watchers.
They know how it works. They aren't regulating in good faith, they are pushing the agenda they were paid to push by the industry they are supposed to watchdog.
Make no mistake, the FCC knows exactly how the internet works. They aren't ruling from ignorance like Congress, they know and they don't care. There's an agenda to push and whatever it takes to make it happen, even fundamentally misrepresenting how the internet works, they'll do.

The FCC is no longer a governmental regulatory agency, it's an arm of the telecom industry.
For being a cheating ass, congrats.
Yes, the Zumwalts can all have the rail guns but only DDG-1002 is being built with one,  or is intended to be. You can't just pull out one gun and drop in another. The entire front 1/3 of if the ships are built around the guns and would have to be rebuilt. Also, is these are "testbeds" the question is going to have to be answered why we'd hundreds of millions to retrofit guns to just two ships.

They will not be putting rail guns on the Burkes. Not only do they lack the power generation and distribution systems but the Burkes are maxed out, lacking the tonnage to fit in the equipment.
Majorly jealous, got 18 EMP Fields for my epics.
It's totally reasonable to pay $2000+ or play for six solid years just to get all the base content in a game. Totally.
It absolutely will. Someone, some where will call it Game of the Year and EA will make a version. They have no shame.
Not sure how that's relevant. 
Yeah, that extra $15 a week is just gonna turn it all around.
Except they had to be changed to fit the AGS when it was clear the rail guns wouldn't be anywhere close to ready for operational deployment with the Zumwalts. Retrofitting the rail guns would require a complete change out of the gun systems, ammo handling, and power systems as the first two ships can't generate the power for rail guns.

Given how much that would cost and what turkeys these are going to be they're unlikely to ship them. Only DDG1002 might.
Except that’s the wrong way to do it. The “R&D Testbed” excuse for their existence is the last excuse they could come up with to just get something built rather than admit that the entire program was busy building a ship meant to fight an enemy that stopped existing 30 years ago.


We don’t need to test stealth. Everyone knows it’s a good idea and many other navies, including many allies, have been busy incorporating low observables technology into their ships for decades.


We don’t need to test power generation and distribution systems. It’s literally how many ships already operate and function. This isn’t black magic, it’s a power plant. You run the engines to produce electricity and then use the electricity for whatever you need it for. You know when the US navy first used this cutting edge concept? 1915 with the New Mexico class of Battleships.


Railguns don’t need a dedicated ship for testing. In fact using a frontline warship for testing is idiotic. Instead grab a Ticonderoga you’re putting out to pasture and refit it with one. Test it to your heart’s content without ever taking a front line ship off the front line for potentially years of testing.


Same for sensors, new control schemes, etc. Testing them on board 7 billion dollar front line warships is beyond fucking ridiculous.


Seriously, buying into this is spending 7 billion dollars a ship and then flat out saying, “They’re going to spend most of their lives tied up alongside a pier while we tinker with them.”
Probably never. They were built with conventional guns and it's unlikely anyone is going to want to waste the money refitting them later on.
I wrote out an essay about them a long while back but I’ll hit the high points.


They have no reason to exist. They have their roots back in the late cold war when the US was looking at their next generation of cruisers. The project got started, and then the Cold War ended. The project didn’t though, soldiering on, a ship looking for a mission. The original plans for 30 of the things were eventually cut back to just 3 which if you know about procurement means several things.


They are going to be stupidly expensive as the entire development and construction programs are getting paid for with just three ships.


They’re going to be stupidly expensive to run as they are just three ships of this type meaning all the training and equipment needed to keep them at sea is just being used by three ships.


Which is compounded by the fact that these special little snowflakes do everything just different enough to make them incompatible with the rest of the fleet. So practically everything is having to be redone to accommodate these things.


None of the “testing” these “testbeds” are going to do actually require them and could be done on existing ships either in service or being decommissioned.


They’re going to be stupidly expensive to refit if they ever actually do get railguns because they were designed for the AGS, not railguns. And by the way, they almost certainly won’t get railguns, ever, because they’re a developmental dead end and won’t be worth wasting the money on.


They are absolutely the wrong direction for the Navy. We don’t need 13,000t “Destroyers” to fight the Soviet Union, which in case you work for Navy procurement and don’t realize, hasn’t been a thing for about 30 years now. Between this and the LCS work on a smaller ship in the 3 to 5,000 ton range that we could make more of just isn’t happening.


If you ever want to know where your tax dollars are going just look at this picture and remember that right there you are looking at over $14 billion of your tax dollars being set on fire to build some of the most hideous ships the US Navy has ever commissioned, and we built the Sea Shadow.
“But if they defected or didn’t want to fight they’d be put in danger!”


Oh really? You mean like the millions of Allied troops who had to put their lives in mortal danger to stop them? Sorry, you don’t get to skate on that excuse when millions had to do exactly that to stop the Nazis.
300 Armed German teenagers who were part of an army that invaded her country with the goal of taking it for themselves and then exterminating the populace.

Yeah, those guys, fuck'em.
50/50 split on blowing himself up or scalding to death.
With only 70 gallons of water.
And the lone comment he replied to was just the one that fed his narrative.
>Instead, they get $159 of what Google thinks will impress you: on-the-fly equalizer tricks.

Stop fucking with my music!
What absolutely hideous wastes of money.
Personally I think trying to classify battlecruisers by their main guns and armor is a losing proposition as things varied widely. The original BCs made by the British mounted battleship caliber guns but had extremely thin armor, better than a cruisers, but only just. Essentially big guns on a big hull. The Brits valued speed above all else, at first sacrificing armor for speed and eventually sacrificing armament too with the Courageous class being the ultimate expression of this with a main belt and decks of at most 3in and only two twin 15” gun mounts. The Admiral class which gave us the Hood turned this around having an actual belt of 12” and more deck armor even if it was in a terrible layout and they doubled the firepower of the Courageous class but in doing so the Hood became the largest warship in the world and the largest British warship period until I believe HMS Vanguard. Which is an interesting question, is it still a battlecruiser if it dwarfs battleships?


Then there are the Germans, who consistently demonstrated that they’d rather accept a smaller caliber main gun and trim the armor a bit to get the speed up. This culminated in the Scharnhorsts which I consider to be BC’s. They had a significantly lighter armor than British BC’s or any contemporary BC, and they had some significant weaknesses in their armor. It makes sense though since the genesis of the Scharnhorsts were upgraded Deutschlands. 


Given that we’ve seen both extremes and everything in between the only thing you can really say about BC’s in general is they have bigger guns than cruisers of similar eras but weaker protection, and high speed in general. That’s really all you can say about BC’s.


You can however look to the mission. In general BC’s were not designed or intended to fight on the main line of battle, which the British Admirals at Jutland forgot, but instead to act as scouts, screeners, and cruiser killers. Fast enough to outrun anything they don’t outgun is trite but it is a succinct summation of what Fisher envisioned. In that respect, the Alaskas are designed to serve a battlecruiser role. In fact their entire purpose for being was to hunt down the supposed Japanese, “super cruisers,” and to keep them from attacking US carrier groups. However, like every other role envisioned for BC’s it never really worked out right and with the introduction of fast battleships it really made it hard to justify building a BC at 70% of the price of a fast BB.


Full disclosure, I honestly don’t care. The Alaskas and Scharnhorsts are my two favorite ship classes and no one ever seems to be able to agree if one was a Large Cruiser or a Battlecruiser and the other if she’s a Battleship or a Battlecruiser. In my opinion, both were battlecruisers, just different styles. The Alaska in the British style of striping off armor and eventually guns for speed and the other in the German style of compromising everywhere to speed her up.
Actually, best I can tell from the picture this was an LSM(R) which means it would have been firing either 4.5” beach barrage rocket, essentially a 20lb GP bomb  (6.5lb bursting charge) with a rocket motor on the back. Or a 5” HVSR with an even bigger warhead. Given the shape I’m leaning towards the BBR.
They're for detonating mines, breaking up barbwire, and creating craters for cover.
Same issue with Minecraft. Great game but by it's nature it's pretty awful to watch normal survival gameplay.
The main issue is that there's no real solid definition for what constitutes a battlecruiser. Every nation had their own ideas of what a battlecruiser was and none of them really worked very well. Add onto this the political issues with battlecruiser production and unraveling the classification is almost impossible.
This is killing me. I wanna make WoWP vids but it is such a pain without replays.
If you haven't learned not to head on heavy fighters and attack aircraft by tier 3 I don't know what to tell you. Guy head ons me in his Zero while I'm in my IL-2.  I don't get the guns on him fast enough so I don't just erase him but he rams me. Then calls me a, "****** no skill rammer." Like I could force him to hit me if I even tried.

Yeah man, just charge the flying tank in your balsa wood toy. Great idea. 
If you're here then banging a cat is the least of your sins. 
In a game you paid 60 bucks for up front? No. Also, the length of grind is solely set up to force you to open your wallet
Jack, ugh.
jbati23 just did it to me. Apparently cheating us funny.
Had this happen to me twice. It's happening at lower levels too.
Ian, really? "Hahaha!"

Should have been, "Honhonhon!"
For a group who didn't really hate Jews they spent a LOT of time, resources, and manpower trying to exterminate them.
If your goal is to take over the world, yup. If you start out just trying to run your own little kingdom it's not so bad.
The fact that they took those cosmetics that were permanent in 1 and made them one time use consumables to try and sell more lootboxes in 2. Nor to mention, they're fucking shaders. The laziest, least effort cosmetic immaginable.
Past being the operative word. Mass Effect 2 was the last really great Bioware game. 
Yeah, same with Westwood, Bullfrog, Visceral, Maxis... Don't kid yourself, this is what EA does. Bioware will get it's bullet in the back of the head eventually, so will Respawn.
At this point Bioware is just becoming another skinsuit EA wears when it needs to try and bank on goodwill to hype up a game.
11. Kerbal Space Program

12. Hellblade
After Mass Effect 3 and Andromeda I have zero faith in Bioware. Given that Anthem looks like a Destiny clone to boot, yeah, whatever. Not to mention EA's greed. I fully expect we'll see more loot box bullshit.
No, it just doesn't fit the narrative people like him have.
No, you can’t. 


First off, the US Army Air Corps spent several years figuring out that “precision bombing,” didn’t really work all that great at the time. Yes, the Norden bombsight was fantastic but with issues like cloud cover, target identification, evading enemy fire, and coordination of large bomber groups the old, “pickle barrel,” style target hitting wasn’t realistically possible.


Second, old European cities weren’t laid out with large empty areas and sharp demarcations between parts of the city. Sure you might be aiming for a factory but since that factory is ringed with apartment buildings and the like collateral damage is inevitable.


Third, things like train yards and even factories are remarkably resilient compared to what you’d expect. Dropping just a few bombs on them would see them disrupted for a few days at best.


These three factors meant that if you actually wanted to ensure that something was destroyed and stayed that way during WWII you had to absolutely flatten it. In doing such you are going to inevitably level not only the target but a considerable amount of the area around the target and that’s if everything goes perfectly.


The RAF decided that the benefits weren’t worth the risks and ultimately settled for mostly night time area bombardment but the Army Air Corps kept trying to make it work but by the time Dresden rolled around had accepted that “precision” bombing wasn’t going to work and while they tried to accurately drop their bombs for maximum effect they were just trying to level entire areas.
Sorry, but at this point the only way we're gonna see this shit go away in a timely manner is if government regulators get involved. Yeah, there's likely to be collateral damage but unless something like this happens the likes of EA, Activision, and Ubisoft aren't gonna stop.
"Fuck you, buy lootboxes."

That's the real answer to every question about this game.
It's not about manpower, the North had plenty. What the North doesn't have is fuel and infrastructure. They don't have the fuel to send all those men south and they don't have the infrastructure to move supplies South to sustain a drive. The North is set up as a purely defensive army.

China doesn't want a war, they're quite happy dominating the world economically. They won't go to war to protect the North because that would put them in conflict with one of their biggest trading partners and it's pretty well known that shooting at a trading partner will sour a relationship. 

As for history saying I'm wrong, that was almost 70 years ago. Things change. We're not exactly worried about a resurgent German Reich or the Japanese trying to reestablish the greater east Asian coprosperity sphere.
The North has no capability to successfully invade the South and they know it. They want ICBM’s because it’s a foolproof way to deliver a nuclear weapon. Aircraft, SRBM’s, cruise missiles, and submarines all have the problem of potentially being intercepted and the South and it’s allies have far more advanced interception capabilities than the North has delivery. They can’t for sure deliver a nuclear payload to a target. That means they’re dangerous, but could still potentially see their nuclear arsenal neutralized. An ICBM though, sitting in a hardened shelter in the mountains, ready to launch, that’s a delivery method the South and her allies cannot reliably stop.


Also, China is a huge factor here. China wants North Korea to act as a buffer between South Korea and the US, it’s the only place along China’s border that western troops could get a foothold so China wants the DPRK there as what amounts to a strategic speed bump. So long as the North isn’t the aggressor China can easily go to bat for them and keep the west off them. They’ve even said that if the North is just attacked they’ll help them but if the North attacks they’re on their own.


Which factors into the most important consideration, really the only consideration in the North, what keeps the Kim’s in power? The most stable, sure way for the Kim’s to stay right where they are is if they develop ICBM’s for their nukes and then just stay there. They’ve got their nukes and China to deter any western attempt at regime change. The second they head south across the DMZ in a war they can’t win it’s all gone.
There's a lot of symbology but it's just there because it's foreign and weird to a Japanese audience. It really has nothing to do with Eva's main themes.
One of the big problems with symbolism in anime is what’s actually important symbolism and what’s just set dressing. Eva is a prime example of this. It pulls in a LOT of judeo-christian symbolism and mythology… but none of it means anything. It’s used because it’s exotic and foreign and gives the appearance of some deep meaning while really adding up to nothing. It’s there to serve as set dressing for the show and what it’s really about.
Corporations speak one language, money. If they do something shitty and you still give them your money what they heard is, "I don't care enough to withhold a purchase," and they'll just keep doing it in the future.
What the faaaahhhck?
No, handing them $60 is a sign of support for their business practices. 
I think you mean cancer.
I don’t disagree but we’re six years into development and still seeing tech demos. At this rate there might be something akin to a game in 2019 or 2020.
It is but it's still a tech demo, not a game.
Don't kid yourself, long before you could catch up to the payers there will be DLC that will reset your progress to zero and get another $1000 out of the payers. You will never be on par with the payers, that's the point.
That's what happens when you defend the indefensible. 
Don't buy the game. See if they unfuck themselves in time for BF3.
You get people to keep playing your game by making the game great and fun to play, not withholding huge chunks of it hoping to force players to buy lootboxes.
If you're gonna lie do a better job of it. The intent is to drive people to buy microtransactions to bypass the bullshit grind.
Side on to the Pershing that Panther was screwed.
"Mr. Trump, Eric's been indicted!"

"Who?"
Yeah, because the inanimate lump of metal and plastic just magically turns people into killers.


Fucking hell, the answer isn’t hard to see. Nations with more economic opportunities, higher standards of living, better education, and stronger social safety nets have lower crime rates. Guns make no difference in violent crime rates. The US is large enough and diverse enough for the connection to be perfectly clear. In areas where the standard of living is higher and there’s more economic prosperity violent crime rates are lower.


That’s the end of it. Guns are a symptom at best, remove the guns but fix nothing else and people will just use trucks, baseball bats, and knives, etc.
This is the norm. No one wants to talk about the fact that the CDC has published that guns are used defensively between 100,000 and 3,000,000 times annually. Even the low end number trumps the roughly 10,000 gun homicides a year by an order of magnitude. Seriously, this needs to become the narrative.



“Guns kill 30,000 people a year!”



“Well the CDC has stated that guns are used defensively between 100,000 and 3 million times a year. The deaths are absolutely tragic, but guns are a net positive. Also, 20,000 of those deaths are suicides.”



Take the numbers away from them. Put it on them to justify why between 10 to 300 times as many people should be put at risk.
Not sure how much more you change after this to qualify as 2.0. This is fundamental,  core parts of the game they're completely redoing.
"Democrats decide they really don't want to win the 2018 elections."
I think I'm safe in saying we're not really talking about just an "update." This feels like Stellaris 2.0
Or metric either. A 45cm gun would only be a tiny bit smaller than the Yamatos main guns.
No, don't pirate it. Pirating indicates that there's a demand for the game, their DRM just isn't good enough. Just ignore these games.
Starting about 11 seconds in it looks like they sped the video up by a good bit.
EA didn’t freak out. Their star card system is fully intact. They added some small hurdles so you can’t buy a shit ton of boxes and just jump in your first game fully kitted out in all legendary cards. You can still jump into your first game with all epic level cards though and after a short bit of leveling up turn them into legendaries. So yeah, you won’t log into your first game and get creamed by an invincible Boba Fett hovering there showering rockets on you, he’ll only be 75% immune. It’s a day or two later he’ll be totally invincible.


All EA did is get super greedy, fix that fully pay to win system in people’s minds, then reel it back just a little bit to seem reasonable and get everyone off their backs. It’s still a fully pay to win system.
T2 dumped single player GTA the second they saw the shark card money.
It was mostly that Evolve was launching with DLC in place and you didn't get it if you bought the game.
Zero self control. They convince themselves that they HAVE to play the new whatever game because they like the series, or their friends are, or whatever. After all, all the cool kids are playing it.

If you don't like what they're doing, don't buy the game. It's not hard and yet people still do it.
>I don’t care, I won’t buy the microtransactions anyways.


You are still being complicit. We’re no longer talking about Free 2 Play games but full priced titles. If they put in this scummy crap and you still buy the game but refuse to buy microtransactions they still win. The scummy crap didn’t dissuade you from buying the game, they lost nothing from doing it, there’s no reason for them to stop. Also, you populate the game, giving it legitimacy and a player base making people more likely to spend and spend more on it. Finally in games where you can buy an advantage you are PAYING to be whale chum. They need the unpaying suckers to populate the servers so their actual customers, the ones buying the microtransactions, have someone to beat up.


If you actually want this to change, act like an adult and don’t buy the game period.
Of they're going to do microtransactions I guarantee you that none of the gun info will be stored on your PC specifically so you cant fuck with the loot.
The idea that playing video games is more anti-social than watching TV or that watching someone else play a video game on stream is weird but watching a bunch of grown men play a sport isn’t.


Also, that the phrase, “I don’t care,” has some deeper meaning to read into it. No, most of the time I just honestly can’t find a single fuck to give about something and I’ll tell you so instead of feigning interest.
Teach, dig up dinosaur bones in the summer. 
Always has been, but profit motive wasn't always in the driver seat... well every seat seemingly lately.
>There is no cloud, it's all just someone else's computer.
"Sorry for the inconvenience, oh, and we're keeping your money."
I disagree. Clan battles are rather exclusive with the tier 10 and clan requirement. Ranked battles are a great way to get lower level characters into the competitive game.
I have serious doubts about cooling a turret for a year. Controlling how a casting cools is key to ensuring the final properties of the steel but even for an extremely thick casting a cooling period of several days should be sufficent. 
Hey, I recognize Rico! Oh man, that guy is an absolute disgrace to Scharnhorst drivers.
I don’t want/can’t deal with the commitment. With a wife and kids I can’t make the game the priority. If I have to stop playing right now I have to be able to stop playing right now. It might be for a few minutes it might be for a few hours but RL has to have priority.  Also, I don’t really want to have to make allowances for someone else. I don’t grind ships or even lines. I typically play a ship until I get my daily win then bounce to another one. I may play Tier 7, then 10, then 4, then 8, or I may just want to screw around in my Bogatyr or Konig Albert. I may get the urge to run operations one night or just focus on ranked for a week.


Really it comes down to the fact that each day I may only have an hour or two where I’m not having to make what I do or say revolve around other people and I’m jealous of that. I’m not averse to divisioning up or even letting other people join my clan but I am never going to be the guy who’s “Grinding” hard on something or “Getting Ready for Clan Wars,” I’ve done it before in other games and nothing made me hate those games quicker than doing that.
Calling clan battles "team ranked" is rather disingenuous. I never said ranked battles isn't returning just that went don't know if it will or when. Wargaming isn't always the most forth coming about things.
This is why I love the Saturn V, no stickers.
That was my first win in a nutshell. I had the entire rest of the galaxy on one side and an AE on the other. Like clockwork every ten years I'd get declared by the federation of assholes and only be able to take a handful of worlds doing little to weaken them.
>taking my comments out of place


I did not. I didn’t type out everything you wrote but given that this is reddit and the full text of your comment is directly above mine totally copying everything it pointless. 


>Gun owners don’t care what I’m fond of.


Bit of a vicious cycle isn’t it? If I’ve learned anything it’s that if you wait for the other side to start caring nothing will ever change. But whatever.


>Legally bought car…


Neither your car nor driving it is a constitutionally guaranteed right. Bringing up car registration is always a losing argument with respect to gun registration. You don’t have to register to speak your mind, you don’t have to register your desire to not have your property illegally searched or to get a trial by jury. Also, how precisely is a gun registry going to actually make anyone safer? Most crimes are not committed with legally purchased firearms. Those that are, such as these mass shootings, are typically purchased by people who can easily pass a background check and then be put on a registry which they do not care about. Let’s say a registry does exist and as a law abiding gun owner my pistol is registered. Now it’s stolen, and as a good law abiding citizen I report it. How precisely has this process prevented my pistol from being used for nefarious purposes? I’ve yet to see any convincing argument that registries prevent crimes.


>This is not a democracy…


The discussion about precisely what the US is, oligarchy, plutocracy, etc. is beyond this but in most respects it is. Second, please post actual proof of your 80% number and the associated method in which the poll was collected. Third, if 80% of the populace actually did support such action then it would be rather simple for them to make their feelings known to their representatives and then vote appropriately. Within one or two election cycles it will happen. Clearly 80% of the people don’t care enough to actually let the issue decide their vote and in a democracy that’s what matters, if you vote and if you vote with respect to your issues. 


>One guy


I haven’t addressed it because it’s immaterial. 