A Place Beyond The Pines?
Liverpool and Man Utd annihilated them, right?
*aaaaaaa-chooo!*

*ugh...*

Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit...
I suddenly want wrestling in 2.39:1 aspect ratio...
She's never not smiling, probably the reason she's in WWE.
Feels like Perez is running on fumes.
Any recommendations for a lover of Sci-Fi, Horror, and Crime (crime similar to books by David Baldacci)?
Enjoy Accrington away, cunts!!!! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Love it!
>**Statement of ZTE Corporation on Activation of the “Denial Order” by U.S. Department of Commerce**

>Since April 2016, ZTE Corporation (hereinafter referred to as “ZTE”) has continuously reflected on lessons from its past experience in Export Control Compliance and has attached great importance to Export Control Compliance. Within ZTE, compliance is regarded as the foundation and bottom-line of the Company’s operation.

>ZTE has established a Compliance Committee led directly by its CEO; built a global team of experienced export control compliance experts; engaged several world-class counsels and consultants to provide professional guidance in order to establish and optimize ZTE’s export control compliance structure, system and procedure; introduced and implemented the SAP Global Trade System (GTS); organized compliance training covering over 65,000 employees; cooperated comprehensively with the independent Monitor designated by U.S. Government to ensure the Monitor’s real-time and transparent monitoring over ZTE’s implementation of the relevant Agreements with U.S. Government and applicable export control compliance requirements, and provided over 132,000 pages of documents. In 2017 alone, ZTE invested over USD 50 million in its export control compliance program and is planning to invest more resources in 2018.

>However, the Bureau of Industry and Security (hereinafter referred to as “BIS”) activated the Suspended Denial Order on 16 April 2018, on the ground that ZTE did not timely reduce bonus of and issue letters of reprimand to certain employees involved in past violation of export control and made false statements in correspondence with the U.S. Government.

>ZTE has been working diligently on Export Control Compliance program and has invested tremendous resources in export compliance and has made significant progress since 2016. It is unacceptable that BIS insists on unfairly imposing the most severe penalty on ZTE even before the completion of investigation of facts, ignoring the continuous diligent work of ZTE and the progress we have made on export compliance and disregarding the fact that (1) ZTE self-identified the issues in the correspondence and self-reported by ZTE immediately; (2) the Company has taken measures against the employees who might have been responsible for this incident; (3) corrective measures has been taken immediately; and (4) a prestigious U.S. law firm has been engaged to conduct independent investigation.

>The Denial Order will not only severely impact the survival and development of ZTE, but will also cause damages to all partners of ZTE including a large number of U.S. companies.

>In any case, ZTE will not give up its efforts to resolve the issue through communication, and we are also determined, if necessary, to take judicial measures to protect the legal rights and interests of our Company, our employees and our shareholders, and to fulfill obligations and take responsibilities to our global customers, end-users, partners and suppliers.

>As a global company originating in China, ZTE will unite all of its employees as one with full confidence to work together taking best efforts to facilitate a final resolution.
Isn't a millennial defined as someone who wasn't an adult by the turn of the century?
As someone who imported an Axon 7 from Germany... HELP! What do I do!?
Takes a brave man to go to Digi Monday's...
*¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
This was a very house showy ending!
Braun is fucking terrifying! Dat dropkick, doe!
Miz attempting the Figure-4 is like Flair attempting the Crossbody... never connects!
I will never let my fellow "small-mining-community-just-outside-of Londoner" go!
Cole just called Lashley "The Dominator!"

That's his finisher again, right?
So, just imagine tomorrow night...

AJ and Nak are staring each other down and are about to have a tag match. Out comes AJ's partner and it's nothing special...

Then out comes Nak's partner...

And it's...

#Neville!
Each team has 3 former NXT Champions #FunFact
Coach, that designation would be named a "Captain," you douche-nozzle!
Braun hasn't taken his eyes off Sami once!
This is very much whelming...
"Well, hehehe *wheezes like a 20-pack-a-dayer* you know me..."

Coach
Something, something, elevated enzyms... 
Balor reppin' blue for the blue brand Monday Night Ra- wait...
Fun fact: Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn should have the team name The Baskets! 

Why?

Because, KOSZ means, "Basket," in Polish!
Anyone else catch Sami fuckin' leg it when Braun's music hit?
Sami's new logo looks like it was drawn in blood... bad ass!
Just for the pop, I want...

✋ ADAM COLE BAYBAY 🤚
"Cole, back to you!" - Renee

HOLY FUCK, SHE SAID IT!
I just really want to know what Lashley's finisher is now...

Is it that delayed, delayed vertical suplex? Or is he going to go back to using the Running Powerslam or even the Dominator?
BREEZANGO IS BAE!!!

Holy shit, what a victory!
Could you imagine if the 5th man was Ambrose?
Technically, Cena won that match, Big Show and the rest of the locker him got Punk dq'd iirc.
They're actively advertising the fact that Corbin is a member of that short, short list of MitB winners who failed, huh?
What a way to bury the other MMA girl on the roster...
Ronda's walk to the ring looks like a normal walk sped up to x2 speed!
Coachman's laugh sounds like a weird attempt at Inuit Throat Singing!
She might be solid and safe in the ring, which is great, but I cannot help compare Natalya to Orton... just a bit too boring.
"Of course, Absolution going it alone now..." - Cole

Yet, they're using her music still? Uhh... Hmm...
It's still really surreal that Lashley is back... and with TWO NAMES to bat!
"HE'S FAT!" - Roman Steiner
It feels like the Greatest Royal Rumble is the type of PPV you put on on SD vs Raw 06 GM Mode where every match is gimmicked!
Did Morgan eat blue sherbert before RAW tonight?
Actually, no, come back in, puns have a place when it comes to moves!
Bayley trying to plead her case and shit, yet it was Banks that kicked her the fuck off a chamber pod... -_-
I think Cole says "BOSS TIME!" because he knows it hurts us!
The special Green Ranger gave Bayley his armour for this match to power her up!
Bayley Bibs, coming to WWEShop soon!
"I WASN'T EVEN WARMED UP, RENEE!" - Jinder

So... why the fuck were you wearing your ring gear, you melt!?
That's the Twist of Hate that Jeff used while a heel TNA World Champion.
Bayley/Banks to end in a double countout/dq/no contest and drag the blow off match out to Backlash!
From outta nowhere... Cole and Philips to swap shows!
Literally every American advert looks like a scam!
Ugh... I hate watching Raw on American TV... I always end up really hungry!
Matt: So, I can go ham on my woken gimmick?

Vince: Sure...

Matt: But what about Nero?

Vince: Hmm... I'll think of something...
Twist of Stunner!
Jinder is stiff AF!
I've never understood what that leg drop is supposed to do if it's not a low blow? 

Is it a shot to the sternum?

A shot to the hamstrings?

Or just a really weak low blow?
"JEFF WITH POETRY IN FATEFUL WIND!" - Cole, *maybe...*
Can Kurt trade Coachman back to ESPN?
That Jinder right haymaker > Reigns' Superman Punch
Jinder is dumb! 

He could easily turn that rest hold into the Khallas and end this!
Dolph: A girl like you deserves a great network...

Nikki: Fuck off Dolph, I'm fragile right now!

Dolph: But you on fiah!

Nikki: I wish you died in the womb!
/r/Overwatch would highly disagree!
Still salty that Jeff doesn't have No More Words as his music!
At least Jinder is better at promos... *getting better...*
Seth, Balor and Miz to SDL pleeeeeease!
This! This is the reason I named my doggo Rafa!!!
Nope, European spots cannot go past 7th place.
Now do Yano!
Clearly, the people are not aware of the YEP movement, hence your downvotes!

RIP Sami and Owens!
Yep, that certainly for an audible "WTF!?" out of me!
Touche!
He was also willing to goad Mitrovic into a fight... He isn't the smartest cunt in the England squad...
🎺🎺🎺 
I just want to know how Rafa tracked this guy down! It's a gamble and a half bringing in a goalkeeper from a different league (see: Selz) and he was immediately worth the scouting/wage/loan fee investment! 
My bad
"I agree... ^I ^agree..." 

- Sting, ~~2009~~ 2011.
I've had this exact issue! 

The problem is that the phones are using two different software versions! You'll need to update your new phone to the same version as your old one and then restore your backup!
Get a job 
Wait, really? How do the notifications come through without the app?
Okay, now come on, just turn him fucking heel!
Vince has tinkered with the settings again! He's put finishers down to 0.5 of their usual damage!
His move set consists of punches, a rugby tackle, and a Niagara Driver. He's not great.
This entire show will be worth it entirely if someone comes in and just fucks both of these guys up... like... Batista or some shit, I don't even know at this point, I'm approaching being awake for 24 hours :'(
He's usually carried though.
This video package is going to be longer than this fucking match!
That was like twice as dominating as their Wyatt days... wtf!?
Cena couldn't get a better seat? 

He must have sprung for the restricted view seating!
So Cedric was Black Panther, Mustafa was Sub Zero, Seth is the Night King and Miz is... Zack Ryder?
"I don't see how you beat the Authors of Pain... they write books, they hurt people, they're incredibly large and obese!" - Pat McAfee

Mods, stick that in the random quote generator! That was fucking gold!
Mr. Adam Cole Bay Bay.

That's his name now.

Thanks, Pat, love ya buddy!
Okay, I now really want McAfee vs Adam Cole!
McAfee called the Championship a belt and a strap... Vince just felt a weird twinge in his spine and has no idea why!
McAfee even has his tie colour coordinated with the TakeOver New Orleans logo... fire the clown and give Pat the role full time!
Snap, Tap or Crap... fuck me, this guy is gold!
>^But ^fuck ^him.

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
"Tommaso's beard is righteous!" - Pat McAfee

Fuck, this guy is great!
This Pat McAfee guy, for the 3 minutes he was given to make a first impression, is pretty likeable... better than that fucking clown beside him!
[That's... Amazing!](http://gfycat.com/PlushNastyBluegill)
Then the big market!
Honestly, I think I've just magic'd up a match between Candice and Selina... Am I going crazy? I honestly thought they were on the card for some reason!
I returned the entire first half of the Harry Hole series because I just couldn't deal with the slowness, the narrator or the stories in general. I only made it through the first book and got about 60% of the way through the second and just could not go on.

Returned all 5 books that I had at the time and chose this reason. 

You shouldn't feel bad for this. If you don't like something, you don't like something. You don't just stick with something if you dislike it.
A little too ironic...
*It's a shameful thing... LOBSTER HEAD!*
Yeah, I'm banking on him losing 10 times before Mania :D
Sounds like Triple H's favourite game!
Well, it's not like it's a hunk of plastic. There is actually some tech in there. It might not be $99-worth of tech, but it's Apple, they charge for the tech *and* the name on it.
I love how Cena, Cole and everyone was just expecting 'Taker to use his teleportation powers to enter the arena!
Cena doing the cutting throat taunt as it fades to black made me see a version of John I haven't seen since his Franchise of SmackDown days.

The intensity is believable! Fucker has me drawn in and I cannot wait for next week!
I love how Cena, Cole and everyone is expecting 'Taker to just use his teleportation powers to enter the arena!
Please, more promos where the Wrestlers look deep into the camera like that!
I fucking love this version of Cena.

"Welp, there's nothing left to do promo my ass off!"
Fucking hell, Cole literally gives no fucks tonight.

"Big Match John," fucking Cole!
Literally expected nothing from this match, yet it's entertaining as fuuuuck!
/u/MaffewGregg
Cena's Chokeslam was like watching Hurricane Helms chokeslam people... stupid, absurd and fucking awesome!
Oh, Cena's taking his Instagramy mind games into the ring now, I see!
Kane and Cena literally couldn't give a fuck if they're at commercial or not!
In that case, give him the ARMBAR! Deserves something for his troubles on the way out.
The annoying thing about American Badass 'Taker is the fact that he only really used that music for like 6 months before moving onto, the more iconic in my opinion, Limp Bizkit Rollin'!
This is match number 2913 for Kane tonight.

Fucker really wants to hit that 3000 before retirement!
Ellen Towel: Be kind to everyone.

Right now: About to have a No DQ match where he can do literally ANYTHING to a 50 year old dude...

Be kind, John!
Actually caught a really small glimpse of Benoit in that video package from WM21 there!
Cole is just taking the piss at this point!
I'm going to bet that his powers will, at least.
A Boot of Doom *AND* a Magic Killer!?

We're being spoiled!
Did Cole just name drop "All In!?"
Kayfabe...
Well, shit, really?!
Beating the shit out of someone doesn't send a message to that person, Cole!

Beating the shit out of someone your rival cares about sends a message. 

Beating your rival up literally just beats your rival up!
"And Rousey's not backing down!" - Cole.

Are you fucking serious!?

A woman who could legit murder the majority of the arena attendance isn't going to back down from the failed MMA girl and the Eva Marie replacement for Corey!?

Shock! 

Having "Rowdy" before Ronda Rousey is still going to take some getting used to.

You say "Rowdy," I automatically think, "Roddy Piper!"
Think Braun and Alexa could win the Raw Tag Titles with [this as their finisher](https://j.gifs.com/JqjoB2.gif)?
That was off his shoulders... I want that fucker to launch her into the sky!

[Example.](https://j.gifs.com/JqjoB2.gif)
Well, he did invent Braun Strowman, after all, it would be nice to come full circle!
You know... if they make us wait until 'Mania to find out Braun's partner I could honestly see them, just for the sheer pop, have his partner be...

Jericho!
Remember BAMF (Blake-Alex-Murphy Factor) when Blake and Murphy used to literally hurl Alexa into the air for Twisted Bliss?

Yeah, I want Braun to do that with Alexa!

Edit: [Like so.](https://j.gifs.com/JqjoB2.gif)
Making Curt's W/L Record 1-199!
If Braun's partner is anyone on this list I will mark the fuck out:

* Neville

* Alexa Bliss

* Curt Hawkins

* A still injured Dean Ambrose

* The lifeless corpse of Elias

* Rey Mysterio
It's like Sami and swearing!
It's honestly just see Bruce Greene whenever I see Braun!
Bayley's text to Sasha was:

"Hey cunt, listen up! We're stuck in this fucking ass-sucking, pointless Battle Royale at 'Mania. Come over here and let's fuck each other up and get moved out of it onto the main fucking card! See ya soon, biatch!"
Why does that one locker have one lock different from the others? It's annoying me!
Seriously, how do you Americans get anything done with the sheer amount of adverts in your shows! It's absurd! 

Is this why Soccer is still lacking over there? Not enough ads during the match!?
Anything with Leslie Odom Jr. in it has my 100% attention!
The Consumer of Terrestrial Entities!? 

Matt, you're wasted on people like fucking "Vince-fed-lines" Michael Cole!
This flurry between Graves and Cole is literally like me explaining that match to one of my colleagues after they were perplexed afterwards last week!
Oh, jeez... Cole vs Hardy, Raw After 'Mania, calling it now...
Prediction:

Cena is going to either absolutely tool, or get tooled around by, Kane and right before Cena picks up the victory...

#*DONG!*
Does the US not have the UK equivalent of the Advertising Standards Agency? Nearly everything I see on their TV looks like a fucking scam... unless it's food, that just looks fucking heart-attack inducingly delicious!
Raw just established their IC title as leaps and bounds ahead of SDL's US title! 

Every fucking aspect of that White Gold is better than Jinder Ma-fucking-hal!
In my mind, they were all wearing Salmon Jackets there!
OriGinal Balor Club to WWE ;)
I got worked, brother! ^*-HH*
Miz can play an entire arena like a massive band of fiddles and it's fucking brilliant!
Miztourage is Miztorover... in more ways than one!
Balor and Seth look like they're having the time of their lives here!
Axel corpsing is my new favourite thing!
"A Phoney A-Lister who can't fight..."

Motherfucker, best episode of MizTV ever!
Seth... what the fuck are you doing!?

Is this setting up an IC title 5-way!?
"BO-Lieve yourself back to catering!"

Yikes, that hurt me!
Hostiles?
"I felt kinda awkward around Chris Benoit..."

Fuck me, man!
The lower case sentence starters, lower case I's and no punctuation aside from apostrophes make this so true that i literally cannot i'm dead
Bit twitchy there, mate?
Masterclass in defending there, bravos!
Much better, cheers!
Isn't that like taking Cam sites to a whole new level? 

"Pay this girl X amount and she can eat as much sausage as she wants... in more ways than one!"
Fuck me, tone that font and shit down on that website!

On topic: The Saudi's are taking some massive steps for women's rights. It nice to see this stuff among all of the doom and gloom these days.
You should have waited until that 100th day and then informed the spoofers. Or just kept it hush hush and reaped the coins everyday.
Young Kenny = Sid.
That's a whole new meaning to the name, "The Apex **Predator**!"
"Support the next generation of scientists." 

Yep, don't know what I expected for those young scientists. 
The answer to both, is last Sunday...
🎶 Troy and Abed in the morning! 🎶
> dick sucking ass

Now *there's* an image...
Well, that is literally what the title says...
FIFA Street used to be fun as dicks! Then FIFA Street 3 came out and they fucked it!
That's the most uncomfortable controller ever! The distance between your thumb would need to travel would mean you're dead before you can even reload! 
The down side of this Purge...
First Vince McMahon, now Mayweather... How long before its Trump or Walt Disney!?
The fact that Omega sells his own moves is always a treat. Could you imagine Omega vs Ziggler vs "No fucks against Hogan" Shawn Michaels?
Keep Kayfabe alive Chikara, you'll always be awesome!
Kayfabe news is turning into WhatCulture... Desperate for clicks with no real imagination anymore.
So, from the looks of this gif it basically suggests that it's like 1 in 200 games before a win comes out?
*Welllllllllllllll...*
What an amazing middle finger from the company!
I've been here a while, even had a few things but the front page, but I'm rarely around the /new section 
/Kayfabe...*?*
Foam, right? 

*please be foam...*
It's really hit or miss on Baconreader, and never comes with audio to bat. 

I'm for this!
Okada/Omega I, II & III!

Cena/Punk @ MITB!

Lesnar/Reigns(and then Rollins) ar Mania 31! 

If you're going to do some introductions, might as well strap on a rocket and fly with it!
I hope with all of my heart that Cedric and Mustafa aren't on the pre-show! They deserve to either open or be somewhere in the middle!
Ishii trying to save himself from getting a Dragon Suplex from the apron to the floor and through a table by biting the top rope was phenomenal!

Fuck me, what a sentence I just wrote!
Uh... totally thought they were two different people...
*Roode DDT's Mahal...*

Roode's thought, *"Fuck, that was too Facey... uhhh..."*

*Roode DDT's Orton...*

Roode's new thought, *"Ah, that's better, tweener status!"*
I cannot wait to hear Corey scream, "KINSHAAAASAAAAAAAA!" at 'Mania!
SmackDown Live blowing it's load in the first match, here like!
"COME OOOOOOONNNNN!"

"Nope..."
Aiden just discovered Hamilton!
Shinsuke looks like a hard boiled sweet in that attire!
Selfie Promos, Text on the screen... WWE truly are pioneers in their field.
[The Showers](http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/The_Showers)  is a personal favourite of mine.
I'm not using the Internet to the best of my abilities, clearly!
We've come full circle, guys! Shut it down!
Sometimes I wish Miz wasn't a chickenshit heel. His promos and the ability to back it up would be incredible viewing!
This kid sounds 5 years old... a very knowledgeable 5 years old
Someone knew exactly what they were doing... bravo!
This sets up JJ interfering in their 'Mania match and taking out Angle, only for Ronda to become Super Ronda and win the match anyway, pinning Triple H!
That may win Best Counter of all time!
Ah, something from the Adriana Chechik line of sex toys...
Man... she's just a bad wrestler... it's sad because I'd like her to succeed, but take away her size, he's just another Eva!
I'd be curious to know what is on it.
Or, borderline Communism. 
Diame and Hayden to the rescue!
I'm going to read this before bed... link for anyone else who wants to read it! 

http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/The_Showers
I personally love "The Showers!" Really dark and gritty!
Joselu has 4 in 22

:'(

Edit: fml, Gayle has 5 in 27 

:'(
Still doesn't mean anything though. Cole and company have mentioned Hogan many times since his exodus from WWE. 
I can't stand Nia's face.

If her Face was a Babyface though, she'd be infinitely better. 

She just seems to be too nice.
Could you imagine if we got Creepy Clown Asuka tonight!?
That Hulk Hogan "sighting" has been on the Network plenty of times before... the show wasn't made by WWE, it's made by HBO! 

Means nothing.
Stupid thing is, Apollo vs Cesaro for a mid-card or even world title would be an instant 5-star match and instead they cooling down the crowd before the next chamber match hype starts back up.
I just want to see Apollo with some gold around his waste!
I'm fully expecting her to hesitate before signing, then...

#*HERE COMES THE MONEEEEEEY...*
I'm sorry, but I fucking love Bliss!

Go back and watch her sparkly debut in NXT and then rewatch this... she's fucking good!
Ordinarily I hate "You deserve it," chants considering how much of a career Alexa has ahead of her... but considering the life she's had and the fact that she nearly died due to illness... being told you're going to Wrestlemania must be incredible!

Aaaaaand just like that, we're back to Resting Bliss Face!
That fucking Twisted Bliss from the pod was off the hook! Bliss literally trusted Banks with her fucking life there!
Alexa Cien Bliss!
I love how they made a pretty entertaining match with all 6 women, then decided left the 3 best wrestlers to put on a classic to finish!
Sasha Banks with the ~~Frog~~ Splash on to Bayley!
Banks is the dumbest person in the world right now! Fucking double team Bliss until she's half dead and then quickly slam the Banks Statement on Bayley right after... idiot!
A Lou Thesz Press from the top of the pod... nice!
Can one of these lovely ladies fucking DROP that camera man who's on the right hand side of the right? He's awful!
That was a really cool knee from Mandy... simple move but that could be a signature move right there!
What black magic tomfoolery was that shit from Bayley!? Did she fucking glitch through that rope!?
Surely the next in is Mandy, right?
Hmm... I have to admit, this would have been infinitely cooler if Bayley just walked to the ring similar to the way Jeff Hardy did back in TNA in that one title match. No theatrics, just focus and general badassery!
Technically yes, because she would have to be pinned or submitted at some point.
God damn... Mandy looks like a fucking star!
Bayley vs Rose to start!(?)
Why yes, Booker, I can dig that!
£50 million to buy the club and, most likely, shit loads of debt!?

Hey, Fat Man- I mean, Big Mikey Boy... you're wanted!
I didn't even know that was a thing... Uncool! 
FYI, /u/Ghoulec, this sub is mostly satire. The majority of what we post here is straight up parody.

Sure, you're an iOS user and if you're happy with that purchase, that's fair enough. 

We know that, strictly speaking, you can do way more with androids than with Apple phones and we laugh and joke about the differences. 

Owning anything mainstream is frowned upon, too, so having a Samsung isn't much better, and having a Sony is a bit of a joke, but having a Xaomi, ZTE, or something less off the beaten path will earn your more brownie points here.

It's all a laugh. 

Buying a phone is a preference thing, and if you want the same phone ever year with a tweak or 3, then stick with what you like. Just don't come in here and call us a cancer. If we're cancer, you my friend are aids.
https://www.reddit.com/r/creepypasta/comments/6z2ggk/01236_666666_very_creepy_number/
You be hard pressed to find many empty seats in Dortmund's or our stadiums! 
We are currently living in timeline where there could be a match between the 3 general managers of the 3 main WWE brands and it would tear the fucking roof down!
Riff: verb

Play riffs: perform a monologue or spoken improvisation on a particular subject.
That guy is not African American, that is a British man!
Not writing the kid off, these were well taken goals, but I can't see him being a good poacher like this in the Premier League.

That, or I'm still bitter about the cheeky cunt breaking my garden fence!
The best manager the Premier League has ever seen!? Fat chance! 

THERE'S ONLY OOOONNNNE JOE KINNEAR!
A speaker grill on the back? Really!?

I'm watching a video and the audio get blasted in the opposite direction to my ears... Good job ZTE, way to lose customers!
At 29, I'd say he's just hitting his prime! Look at Buffon. He's only just retiring and he's just turned 40. A lot of goalkeepers keep going longer than outfielders! 

£4m for a potential worldie!? Fuck it, give 'em £4,000,001!
In the Stadium above the directors box... Looked a stonewall penalty! If I can see that from up here, what the fuck did the refs smoke before kick off!?
I usually keep all of my games in a little case in my bag... I'd happily swap that case for a key ring with all of these attached!
Wasn't that the name for No Way Out?
Mustafa Ali: Pure Babyface!

Motherfucker that was the best promo I've heard in a while and it wasn't even on fucking television!
It's weird. 

It's as if no platform is perfect.

GPM is really limiting on the app, a little more open on the web but missing features like curation.

Spotify doesn't add a song to your queue, but adds to up next as well as this editing shit.

Tidal...

Apple Music still has that stupid shuffle thing on some phones.

You'd think someone who develops this stuff could figure out some way to make things perfect.
At first, I didn't think it was a penalty. 

After seeing this again, I missed his foot whacking the leg of Lamela. 

Penalty... but FUCK YOU REF! You just cost me £45!
Positive today...

Positive match officials and commentators hate our guts and want us down! 

That penalty decision... Other side if the pitch and it's nothing! 

The tiniest shirt pull ever and it's a stone cold penalty, yet a whiplash-inducing shoulder shove from Townsend on Merino is totally fine.

The officials are a disgrace!
I'd rather have Karlo Darlow up front than any of them.
I'd say 20mil and he's as good as ours.
Diame even running down the tunnel! 

What the fuck is Rafa dealing this kid!?
Rafa couldn't stand the smell all of the way down to Selhurst! 
He stayed for the paycheck while he could, then fucked off in enough time to try and get a move somewhere higher than League fucking 2!
Sweet Lord, that's got Christmas Thriller written all over it!
Damn it, Patrice! 
"Johnny Force Wrestling" 👏 - 👏 - 👏👏👏 
That was the most passive aggressive way of saying, "NO! FUCK YOU, YOU'RE WRONG! HOPE YOUR NIGHT SUCKS!"
This would make my transfer window!
Darras Hall? Gosforth? Also, Ponteland is in Newcastle, you scrub! It's right next to the airport!
Stick Kenedy up front, Mitro in goal, Dummett at NO. 10 and stick Lascelles out on the wing! Let's just confuse the fuck out of them and maybe we can sneak a cheeky 1-0!
Damn near killed Bram's career...
Heyman is just transfixed on Strowman!
Did Brock just legit punch Strowman for kneeing him!?
Rollins: Legend!

Match: Fucking weird!
Rollins must be fucking knackered!
What's the next step for JJ to get heat!? Calling himself Jason Angle?
I think they're trying to have Balor break Rey's length record!
Did... did Cena just shout, "Shinsuke, now!" ???
Balor... BALOR... **BALOR**...
Should we be concerned that Rey is checking his knee already!?
Interesting... Cena didn't touch Rey there!
Oh Roman, you cunt!
"Brother Harris... I knew we'd fight!"
"He's not Woken, he's nuttier than Squirrel poop!" - King

Okay, that was a good one!
Balor's reaction to Kofi's re-entrance was beautiful!
Philly singing Shinsuke's theme.. beautiful!
FUCK YES SLATER, YOU UTTER, UTTER LEGEND!!!!!!!!
Can... can they do that!?
Hahahahaha fuck Slater!
Kicking Slater while playing guitar is my name favourite thing!
If Ziggles enters 1st or 2nd, he's winning!
Holy fucking shit, Rumble Match is NOW!?

Are the women main eventing or is Bork/Born/Kane?
Oh my god... Mark Callaway sounds so... not Undertaker... *THAT* gave me goosebumps... hearing the Human Undertaker!
This match is super heel vs heel and it's fucking excellent!
Moonsault off a high thing from an excellent amateur wrestler... how is Gable not in Jordan's position again? 
Fuck me, I haven't seen a tiger suplex in a long assed time!
The Usos are still the single greatest piece of character development from recent history! One of the few times WWE actually got it right!
That cut away just as Owens screamed... brilliance!
Oh, fuck you Shane!

I wanted AJ to retain, but not like this!

Fucking Shane, man!
Hmm... I might actually play Rocket League on my Switch in between matches... cheers for the reminder, WWE!
Phenomenal Forearm? 

Nah, Stiff As Fuck Forearm!
Could you **imagine** if that was the one time a Blue Michinoku Thunder Splash won a match!? Roof would blow!
Monkey Flip Hurricanrana... It's like an indie show match! This is amazing!
Stylin' DDT!

A novelty of a move, these days!
AJ "What's a Handicap?" Styles!
"SAMI!!! WATCH THIS!!!!" - KO

I'm so glad the ring mics are picking this shit up, it's gold!
I don't think I've ever seen a tag like that before! Genius Owens!
I think Sami just loved having his own entrance there! 

I have to saw, excellent choice to have him out first and hype the crowd with his music!
Let's just fucking land Jorgenson, maybe try and get one more in (like a number 10 or a GK) and bomb up the table! Let's do the most un-Newcastle thing ever and succeed! 

Then let's have the takeover finalised before the end of the season and we can start the newest chapter of Newcastle fucking United without that hopeless, fat cockney cunt at the helm...

I'm spending too much time in /r/SquaredCircle reading fantasy booking...
I'm going to wait to see the team that gets announced... Then whoever is up front I'll stick a couple of quid on them getting a hat-trick! 

You just never know!

Watch it be some fucker like Diame, though!
Ciampa was just trying to show Gargano what kind of decor would look nice in their apartment! LED lights, Tables, steel floors, etc... Johnny just took it the wrong way... Stupid idiot!
*cough*
Haneozo killing Agent Zenth. 

Awesome stuff!
$34,999,999.95 RRP!?

Did Vince just do himself out of and simultaneously make himself $65,000,000.05?

He invested AND sold it... Total madlad!
>Newcastle Magpies

>...

>Newcastle Felons FC 

Well... Something about quick escalations...
That's what Enzo said... *probably*...
🎺 🎺 🎺 
And do the exact opposite of feeding him to a legend for no reason. Have *him* destroy some old guy for immense heat! 
*Fuckin' smark...*
Rafa: "Simplemente no pudimos sacarlo de la línea..."
inversely...
Cross it up to Diame or Joselu and someone not named Lascelles can head them in! 
>**BROTHER ~~JOSE~~ FELIX I KNEW YOU’D COME!**

FTFY... you've got to use a middle name!
Spoons out
2 Cold Scorpio
At the end of the day, remember that we've just given Man City, the team 12 points clear at the top of the top league in the world, a run for their money. 

Their two regular goals were nothing but pure class that even Bayern would let in. 

We put up a fight, scored a cracking goal, had some decent changes that probably would have went in against most other 'keepers (I'm sure Ederson used IDDQD at some point). 

Let's take this performance into the match against Burnley at the end of January and capitalise on their run of 8 games without a win.

Major positives today, despite losing 3-1.
At the end of the day, remember that we've just given Man City, the team 12 points clear at the top of the top league in the world, a run for their money. 

Their two regular goals have been nothing but pure class that even Bayern would let in. 

We put up a fight, scored a cracking goal, had some decent changes that probably would have went in against most other 'keepers (I'm sure Ederson used IDDQD at some point). 

Let's take this performance into the match against Burnley at the end of January and capitalise on their run of 8 games without a win.

Major positives today, despite losing 3-1.
He can live with all of the other Charvas! 
And yet, Staveley wanted us to be able to compete at the same level as them... Would it be wrong if we were in that position?
>Get out of our club,

>Get out of our club,

>#You fat cockney bastard, 

>Get out if our club!

Fucking cracks me up every time! 😂
>🎶 It's my life in the box and charred to beat,

>Taking chalk in my arms it's the soul of me,

>You want fire, ashes see me lying face down.

>What has caused the thorn in your eye? 🎶 

And now you know more 😘
If Ashley seriously fucks up this deal I'm going to... seriously, fill in that sentence!

We can't boycott the matches, because that would fuck up Benitez and the team. 

We can't stop watching the matches, because Sky and BT would stop showing as many of them and have a negative impact on money generated for the club.

Honestly, if he stays, there's fuck all we can do as a fan base.

Ugh... Where'd that bottle of Jack go? I'm going to Strawpedo it! Brb...
Local Hero and Blaydon Races replaced with:

#*HERE COMES THE MONEEEEEEYYYYYY...*
Aaaaaand vomit...
Yeah, I'm 6ft2" which is great considering I weight about 17-Stone! (roughly 238lbs or 108kg) 

It sounds huge but being tall makes me look less than I actually am.
That's a fake picture of Sting!
Too soon... 😭
Just look at Joselu's aerial record. He's the best in the league at winning header apparently!
You're **very** out of the loop if you didn't know what Bitcoin was a mere 4 years ago.
I think you were just robbed in the most peaceful way possible!
/r/AlternativeAlbumCovers
Dying!? He very nearly fucking nailed that landing! 
God damn it, made me chortle!
It's funny because it's a dirty fucking lie!
Well, it's at least the popular opinion of the unpopular opinions.
Wholeheartedly agree!

It annoys me when people rip the shit out of him on Twitter. 

"He's wank!"

"But he score 2 goals and won us the game!" 

"Nah, he's shit!"

"Did you just 'nah' a fact!? He also assisted a goal!" 

"Nah, want rid of him and a new number 10!"

I'd much rather sell Diame and grab another 10 and have the two rotate. Or better yet, sell Diame, get two 10's and play Ayoze upfront instead!
Wasnt that because he was sent away to bording school so just *sounds* British?
*Rubs white streak*
How can you not fucking love this man!? I want to just give him a hug. Not just a few pats and it's over, neither. A big bear hug with a lift at the end!

Couldn't wish for a better person to be captain right now!
Was Jimmy Hollywood in any way related to that pro-wrestler, James Angel? There's something about the two that look so similar.
And just like that, OP has me full throttle back into Overwatch! What a motivational post!

# #UpTheSpitfire! 
So, I tried playing Overwatch. It was bad. 

The system didn't go overboard or anything... GPU went to 100% but nothing else did. Here's a [streamable](https://streamable.com/m2sml) I took on my phone on how bad it  is at the moment.
Hey Wolves, can we swap owners please!?
[This](https://i.imgur.com/EKOF3MX.png) is the result of **sfc /scannow**.

[This](https://i.imgur.com/E2XPjil.png) is the result of **DISM /Online /Cleanup-Image /RestoreHealth**.

I think I'll give that Java trick a go too.
I'm literally expecting us to sign no-one, therefore when the window closes, I'm not going to be so disappointed because I had my hopes up... I'm just going to be disappointed in Fat Cunt.
[Screenshot of my current performance.](https://prnt.sc/hy7m8f)

[Screenshot of Speccy.](https://prnt.sc/hy7nxq)

Cheers :)
Does holding a Nokia 3310 make you a gamer girl?
Those are the types of goals that win teams competitions!

Those are the types of goals we've been missing all season (looking at you, Clark).

If we can just somehow get the ball into the box and get it to Perez, he'll score, he's just proven that. He could have an absolute stinker of a match, but put him one on one, and he'll score every time!
You? Embarrass yourself *here*!? Never!
Saivet, Mitro and Gamez all to score worldies and then never feature again!
Off to bed with you now, you have school in the morning... 
In this single reign he's held it longer than anyone else's single reign. He's defended the title more successfully than nearly everyone in history and he constantly puts on 5*+ matches! 
I'm... I'm... Devastated!

Naito... You... Shut up, I'm not crying, you are!
Watch the movie Four Lions! 

It's about a bunch of British Jihadists that aren't exactly the elite when it comes to terrorism. It's hilarious, but that comedy does disappear at some point and when those end credits hit, you're left thinking, "What the hell did I just watch!?"

Brilliant movie, though.
Thanks for saving me a few hours of fiddling with the game! 😁
Iron Clad Contract Baby.
Damn. So High Flyer is the only style that can springboard?
My guess is that if he sees were countering well but not scoring, he can bring Gayle on for more accuracy and speed. If we end up playing hoofball and need someone to win headers in the box, bring on Joselu.

That, or he's still drunk from last night!
Definitely do this! 

It only takes one cunt to take it too far.

Me and a mate do the same whenever we face Arsenal at SJP and he sits in the home end, watches in silence and doesn't react to goals, expect for a sly smile to me. That's the way to do it.

I've also seen people get refused entry a bunch of times for trying for the home section while wearing the away colours.
Naito, please beat Okada... Just do it for the people!
Just got back from the match.

Everyone played their part.

Joselu was winning balls in the air (at least the ones that he got near), Dummett did great for his first game back and provided some half decent balls, Murphy used his agility and speed to annoy, much like Yedlin.

Honestly, I can't really fault anyone but Gayle... If he hadn't have dived to try and get a penalty he could have been in with a great chance and it may have even gone in!

Ah well, great result and was great to watch from the stands. 

Take this mentality and intensity to Brighton and we should be golden!
Saviet > De Bruyne 
Not Colback... Only CDMbemba! 
April? I can deal with April...

But, a new UI named "Stock+" along with it? 

Colour me in-fucking-trugued!
Recently I've jumped into the Harry Hole series, but have listened to the Will Robie, Amos Decker and John Puller novels, all of which are written by David Baldacci (Not Hole, he's written by Jo Nesbo). They're not the longest books in the world, but they're great.

I also liked the Hell Divers series (third book still to be released, something to look forward to), The Hatching series (again, third book coming soon), The Passage series by Justin Cronin is great (long, but great), and has an amazing pay off in the conclusion that left me with tears in my eyes and I just sat contemplating the book, life and everything in the world thanks to it.

You could also look into some really long books like IT, the complete works of Sherlock Holmes & 1Q84. 

Honestly, some of the best books I've read aren't even parts of series and are just stand alone... Or are part of a series, but only the first book is out. Books like The Interdependency, The Martian, Armada (by Ernest Cline, the writer of Ready Player One), HEX, The Crow Girl and the Fireman. 

Sometimes, you just have to take a gamble. That's what I did with nearly all of the books I have and I've only ever gave up on, roughly, 3.

Have fun! 😁
The Happening?
Timeline?
Knowing?
Ah yes, the Anti-American holding the American title program. A classic!
"Straight Outta Borderlands."

"Anarchy Rules"

"Psycho Voodoo"

"The Nutters"
I'm full of cold and just been out working in -3-degree temperatures and that little snippet was like a warm bath! Rafa is a beautiful man!
Legit question: Is there anything that can be done for this from outside of the US?
http://network.wwe.com/video/v1221432183

Skip to 3hrs, 29 mins... 100% probably not as good as being there!
Roman eats his cereal with water instead of milk!
Also similar to what happened when Miz and Mizdow won the titles too!
Newcastle Utd 5 - 1 Leicester City

Newcastle Utd 5 - 2 Everton

Arsenal 3 - 5 Newcastle Utd

West Ham 1 - 5 Newcastle Utd

Newcastle Utd 5 - 6 Man City

Newcastle Utd 5 - 0 Brighton

Stoke City 1 - 5 Newcastle Utd

I'll be the beacon of hope and optimism!
Tis the season to be Mahal-y
Hmm... would this be possible with FIFA and the Premier League? Asking for a friend...
With Ashley: Nearly Headless Nick and Peeves the Poltergeist...

With Staveley: Literally anyone better than that waste of space Joselu!
Literally unplayable...?
Is... is that a dickbutt right in the middle!?
Well, yeah, we do, but you show him to anyone who isn't a hardcore wrestling fan and they'll just shrug.
Oh, fuck me, I feel stupid now! XD
Can't tell if she had malicious intent and the guy was expecting it or if that guy is just paranoid and constantly on his guard!
Care to enlighten the rest of us?
The karma train that keeps on giving!
Tell this to my fucking Nana!
 #Bantz
Don't even try switching, bud! The new plastic fuckers just spring from your wallet as if white doves during a magicians trick! They are cool, but I've lost more £10 and £5 notes than I care to admit!

I'll stick to the old debit card for... well, ever.
Yeah, that's basic comedy. A large majority of jokes are steeped in historical misdeeds and injustices, but laughing at something told in a funny way isn't making light of those things. People get triggered for things like that all of the time. 
Whoa... dropping Manquillo for Mbemba!?

Perez over Gayle?

Hayden partnered by Merino!?

That's more fuckin' like it, Rafa!
I'll never not laugh at this... also, Kevin not knowing what mugs are generally made is also hilarious!
Are their defences terrified?
Brilliant! Hopefully this will theb push ISP's into rolling out fast Internet so that they can maintain those big sounding numbers on the adverts. 

If many countries can get Gigabit connection, why the hell are we lagging behind? Oh yeah, they have no incentive to. 

Great move by the ASA!
Remember Me is like this to a certain extent where you can hack into people memories and alter them.
This is some kids origin story as to why they became a murderer, isn't it? 
Such a simple thing that you literally never see, especially in WWE. 

Pete Dunne is doing everything right and the crowds are white hot for him right now! 
Bet there's still that one guy who wears cargo shorts in every climate there too!

Edit: Am that guy, at least in my town...
And a plaque next to it would read: "She had the best smile..."
 #DidItForTheKarma 

You don't know me, kid!

I know fine well that all of these games are broken and/or have some form of loot box system. But... But, but, but, we are all aboard the EA-hate-train this month. 

COD is by and large the same in that they also peddle loot crates, but with one small difference... It does not cost over $2000 dollars or 4,500+ hours to unlock everything.

What most companies are doing is wrong. 

What EA is doing is so far past wrong that the other games available right now look like a much better option.

Sit down, lad, I actually feel pretty fucking exquisite today! 🖕
CoD: WWII, Assassin's Creed Origins & NBA 2K18 all sold out... Also not EA IP's... Nice one, lads! 👍
Mariel looks like Cib mixed with Zayn Malik!
Oh crap, someone just found Vince's wank bank!
I know the feeling, I'm in the North East and have never been to a PROGRESS show either. I am 100% grabbing the lads, some cans and some tickets and hoping for an amazing weekend!
My hips are primed and ready to move in a circular motion... just tell me when to let 'em rip!
This makes me feel hopeful for the PROGRESS Wembley show next year!

Damn, British wrestling isn't even close to hitting  it's peak yet!
Okada: King of the Babyface Promo!
There's a line between being patriotic and being a cunt! 
Potential neck breaker, potential face fucker upper and potential house damage... People are fucking dumb!
THIS GAME, BUY YOU MUST NOT!
He should also clench really hard while sneezing! 
I for one welcome our Robotic Parkour overlords... may they smite us down with electric shocks and backflips!
Talk about a delayed fuse!
I'd kill for some kind of single-player story experience! Could be an expansion pack or an expandalone game!
They clearly don't sell well; he's been telling everyone, "Can't touch this," for do long that no-one will!
They should have saved that Machiney for the end. The punchline isn't as good as the first one.
At least they did it on a super-well lit road at night, so it was less likely to hit anyone/thing while being able to see if anyone was there. 
Yikes... dark!
Play. Mother. Fucking. Mitrovic.
Dude where's my car?
Horrendous trigger discipline from that cop!
Croatia is somewhere I never thought would be such a wind place. 

Whoever was driving that, though was doing a bloody cracking job of keeping in upright!
Whoever runs Arby's social media is such smark in all things it seems, not just wrestling!
Uh... huh...
I have Changnesia, what is Community?
Did no one tell Cole, Graves or Booker that Balor and Joe won the first ever Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic!?
That camera assessment doesn't seem right.

I've taken some really great shots on mine, dip into the camera settings to make sure you're shooting on the best settings possible.
No-one but in a bid until we have a new owner, please!
Fingers crossed that that *will* be on the cards once wor Mandy has us!
Oh christ, good shout. They're rock bottom with 2 points and a -18 goal difference! Those are some devoted fans... sounds familiar! 
I agree, I think with Wor Flags and Wor Hyem we are slowly climbing up to the awesomeness of those fans! 

Thanks! I used the time I would have spent watching whatever Premier League match was on Sky doing this. :D
Brilliant, mate! Thanks a bunch!
I would mind him as back up for wor Dummett!
They literally have no incentive to do this, as much as it pains me to say. Those Shark Cards make them tons of cash with no to even less than no effort!
Well, did you really meet them? Surely you merely encountered them.
How drunk/high/of a moron do you have to be to attempt this on a foil balloon, during the day, with people around you and on what looks to be concrete? 
This gif accurately draws parallels to how well my jokes go over.
Oh man... Happen to have a link?
Highly unlikely, I'm in the UK where the phone was never sold, and bought it from an eBay seller based in Germany (I think, now that I think about it, Romania is coming to mind). 

I would even want to behind to try and jump through all of those hoops to get it fixed.

Good thought though. 
Danny Ings. 

Firepower.

Choose one!
Sic Parvis Magna - Greatness, from small beginnings.
Fuck it, I'm trying that!
I think I've hit my limit. I just can't watch another fucking commercial. I'm fine watching the important bits on YouTube the next morning. I just can't spend 3 hours on a tv show like this. 

Enjoy the show, folks! PUBG's a-callin' my name!
Manchester largely booing JJ... I'm fine with this!
Seriously, when the fuck did Russo get rehired and when is the Chicken Neck on a pole match set to take place?
Jason "I'm not worth shit unless I'm in a tag team" Jordan!
"Hometown nobody Noel Gallagher!"

"Boo... ah fuck it, we actually kinda like you dude!"
"AGAINST YOU!!!"

^"bleezkurt...."

My god, Miz is and always will be god tier at promos!
Get a load of Curits Gulak over here!
Wait... if WWE was any good at long-con-style building, I'd be tempted to assume this was building to Angle vs Bryan at 'Mania!`
"SmackDown will always be known as 'The B Show!'"

It's as if they're trying to make us all forget the glory days of when Heyman was SmackDown General Manager!
Miz right now: "I swear, I'm going to heel it up, but first, allow me to babyface Baron Corbin!"
Wouldn't that technically be the correct version since we are supposed to have added all the jpeg over time?
You evil fucker... I love it!
Am I crazy or has the show in fact not started yet?
Get some hobbies.
Bet she doesn't know that you have you plug your controller into port 2 in order to defeat Mantis!
Just look at that sweet, sweet mid table mediocrity! I could kiss that table! 

Say what you will, I'm fucking happy with where we are. But when the takeover goes though, we better win the league at the first time of asking, otherwise I'll make a thread on this sub to complain that gets downvoted to fuck!
"That's right! I now own... LUCHA UNDERGROUND!"
This just makes no kayfabin' sense!
Heil Pizza!
 #ItJustWorks
Refereeing was fucking shite today! 

Francis and Cook were lucky to be on the pitch by the end. 

Fuck me, how could a ref and his linesman be so collectively awful!?

I watched the Wolves/Fulham game yesterday and the ref in that match (David Coote) was even better than the clown in charge of this. 

We. Were. Fucking. Robbed.
NO WAY JOSE...LU!
A spoon full of earth makes the work... much more entertaining!
So... if I order, say, a MASSIVE dildo...?
Only in fucking England! 

What's worse is when you get the "driver" of those things fiddling with their fucking phones! How you never hear about any of them causing serious accidents I'll never know!

Edit: By "Only in fucking England," I only meant that the traffic police are never around when you need them.
Topical!
Michael's face: "Oh man that looks horrible... for him!"
Those Regal shots are meme-worthy!
Yeah, that you can do. You can also connect two Switches together locally and play that way, but unfortunately there is no connectivity over the Internet. 
Both, but you can't play with friends since their is no invite system. Nice one, Nintendo!
[Here](https://www.flickr.com/photos/99194469@N08/26280712919/) is the original image; St. Paul's Cathedral in London.

[Here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_72_non-metallic_anti-tank_mine) is the random article for the band name (which sounds fucking awesome).

[Here](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Douglas_Huebler) is a the full quote for the album title from Douglad Huebler, an American conceptual artist.

I thought that all three of these lined up so perfectly for this.

Expect this album in the next 10 - 35 years!


That's genuinely the only time is wanted Mitro to get sent off... The curiosity of Mitro's method of murder was too much!
> Cineform, but DNxHD and ProRes

Who does one do those to a video? 

Seriously, I'm still pretty techtarded when it comes to this stuff! 
There's such a weird and magical meta around Funhaus! I love these guys and this community! 
Aww--Nope... I can't... Still a major nope!
I've just got an image in my head of him landing an apache helicopter right in the centre of the DMZ... Nothing would surprise me at this point. 
The head makes it look like Kevin Owens is just cosplaying!
Reddit has conditioned me to brace myself for disaster with this sort of stuff... A pleasant surprise... But also, fuck that dude! 
That's... Fucking with my brain! ELI5!?
/r/nocontext 
> alienating customers and losing money.

#How to Lose Money & Alienate Customers.

Directed by Robert B. Weide

Starring Simon Pegg, Megan Fox and Master Chief.
Well, no. For the longest time "games" we're only single player games, with the only means of multi-player being couch co-op. 

But why is this even up for debate!? CoD story mode is only called Campaign because that's what it was called when you went to war.

A game is a game regardless of whether it's multi-player only, single-player only or a combination of the two.
Good. Dropping the TNA name to start with was a huge slap in the face to all of TNA'S history. 

Changing to Impact Wrestling wasn't that big of a deal because the "Impact" name was there for almost as long as the company itself and became synonymous with TNA anyway.

Then they just referred to the company as either Impact Wrestling or TNA. The wrestling side of things, not the business side, was going swimmingly. Then Anthem bought them and they looked like they could have been on the rise again since they had the business and the great wrestling down now... Then Jarrett was brought back.

I mean, this it the guy that was peddling a pyramid scheme with Global Force Gold... How could he be trusted with this shit again!?
[Ask and you shall receive!](https://gfycat.com/gifs/detail/LateOblongDegu)
[And here we see the miz be just creepin'.](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/LateOblongDegu-size_restricted.gif)
That main event was the weirdest match in WWE history and I loved every motherfucking second!

Kurt look so happy at the end as well that I'm about to go bed with the warmest of feels! Not a bad PPV!
Weirdest match in WWE history and I loved every motherfucking second!
Cesaro hitting the ramp made it change it's graphic!
Kurt is going to storm the ring, right!?
Strowman is going to break the truck and walk about of it like it was nothing!
This dynamic between Kane and Strowman with the amazing camera cuts is something magical!
Dean can't table!
Braun is the only person who would legitimately stand up from that spot, walk to the ring and win the match and we wouldn't be mad about it!
Whoa... did WWE suddenly hire a cinematographer!?
Hmm... I wonder what Kane will be doing between now and Survivor Series, now!
Of fucking course Corey Graves can somehow manage to make a Pumpkin Spice joke in a hardcore wrestling match!
How are Rollins and Ambrose still standing!?
Table, Ladders, Chairs, Stairs and Garage Trucks... yep...
Could you imagine if Lesnar actually did come out!?
If Roman comes out and goes over a virus I'm done with WWE.
Could you imagine Angle limping up to the announce desk and telling Booker to get the fuck into the ring!?
I seriously can't get over how much Strowman looks like Bruce Greene!
I'm enjoying the commentary more than this match, it's fucking hilarious!
Why do I feel like Michael Cole  is really slowly turning heel with his defence of Elias!?
Gallows and Anderson just marked the fuck out!
Fuck me, that was a gnarliest Coup De Grace I've ever seen!
Wasn't that a Reverse 1916!? Isn't the normal 1916 a lifting DDT?
Surely they could have made a bunch of matches tonight TLC matches! One TLC match at a PPV named, "TLC," is just moronic!
It's a tough call between who has the best ass in WWE... Alexa or Finn!?
Why did it look like Balor put something in his mouth there!?
"It's some sort of toxic bile!" 

...because they can't call things by their real names in WWE.
That was a weird moment... Balor couldn't go for the pin after AJ rolled once too many and Finn just sort of tip toed his way into thinking of a surfboard.
So wait, you're telling me that Sister Abigail and Bray Wyatt aren't different people!?
Annoyingly, heel Enzo isn't any different from face Enzo.
The way Enzo pins looks like it legit hurts for no real reason!
Enzo couldn't even take that Hurricanrana Driver properly... if he wins... fucking hell...
The baseball pitch punch is No Way Jose gimmick infringement!
Enzo cancelling out of the aerial move is Neville gimmick infringement!
"Check out this impact in slow motion."

*Video resumes at normal speed BEFORE impact*

Fuck you, Dunne!
Enzo's ring gear makes him look like he joined the New Day!
Kalisto = Drago's clone!
The only thing even slightly spoopy would be Unown! 

How the fuck is a Mareep even remotely Halloweeny!? 
> Low effort post like this one

2meta4me
> If you manage to have zero carbon footprint then the insurance is offered free of charge.

That would be so impressive... Because it is impossible!
Not necessarily a majorly important change but it's great to have a visual aid for these abilities now! 
I've disliked the twat since he refused to play due to interest from teams like Arsenal. You have to be a lil bitch to do something like that (Yeah, you too Coutinho)!
Or Mary Dobson.
Congratulations...*?*
If they didn't have financial problems they would only be 2 points behind 17th place too!
I'm really having trouble trying to decide which watch I should get.

I'm looking for something running Android Wear, that has NFC & bluetooth and is relatively good at fitness tracking. 

On the fitness side, I only really run and lift weights, so it won't need to be as extensive as the Polar M600 (although that is an option).

There's just so much choice that I seriously don't know what to buy or what's rubbish and what isn't.

What would you all recommend?
That's the best kind of true!
First thing to get a legitimate laugh out of me all day! Nicely done, OP!
That hurt my English bone.
I have to admit... I'm tempted! It's weird and quirky, it shows a bit of ambition from ZTE and I quiet like having the phone that makes people do a double take.

Having said that, I just know that as soon as I buy this, they'll announce the Axon 8 and I'll kick myself. 

For now, it's a pass, but I'm highly intrigued!

EDIT: Grammar, fucking hell, my English is bad... and I'm English! 
Switchmas had been and gone... That was the day the console came out 😁
The ONLY thing I can think of for the ref not to show a yellow here is the fact that Yedlin's first yellow wasn't for a foul and was for descent, making the ref a bit more lenient. I was sure he was off for sure. It's one of those tackles where you automatically think, "Oh fuck, that's him off!"
But they just beat Chelsea... surely that would mean he's better for them and Funhaus is helping!
Save for that one time in Bizarro Land.
Whoa, that is some mad timing and bad luck on that one! 
Weirdly apocalyptic!
/r/unexpected 

Seriously, that was not what I expected there, WTF!?
The fucking chemistry here was off the fucking chain!

The way Keith stared at Dijak like, "How fucking dare you moonsault me, motherfucker! You're about to get fucked!", was amazing!
A new meaning to, "Left Swiped her to hell."

Yes, I did just make that up.
Watching this: "Oh man, they're really going for that. Okay, pause time, maybe starting again f-... OH SHIT! AHHH FUCK THAT!"
Yeah, fuck some of you guys!

Get the hell in there Ayoze, son!!!!!
Whenever he runs or has the ball he seems to leave that arm glued to his side! He's not playing at 100%, like!
Commentator even said, "Injured himself 20 minutes into his debut." 

That's a funny way to say, "England's golden boy Harry Kane nearly snapped his leg in two!" 😑
What's the issue with Ayoze!?

He's fucking trying!
You should sent a photo of this to him! He loves ~~seeing pictures of~~ himself
Or, OP wants that sweet Reddit Karma and picked up a box of those, threw them down, snapped a photo and then put them back!

And yes, I am a cynic!
But, surely the Mahal should have been Diskoalafied multiple times though.
Well, every Pokemon needs a rarity level. It just so happens that Murkrow will (probably) be more common than a teenagers wanks per day ratio!
I may be a bit bias being a Geordie and all, but I wholehearted agree! Who else in the world can pull of Red Arrows, 450 splashes, middle rope Phoenix splash, the best fucking superplex in existence today, also be able to deadlift German Suplex 98% of the roster and deliver a picture perfect Frankensteiner with the broken ankle?

He is fucking amazing and him losing to Enzo is an insult. Neville is money. Put him in any division and he could go the distance!

Tag titles? Stick him with Braun and watch him do a Red Arrow of the big man's shoulders!

Universal title? There's a new leader of Suplex city, because Neville could probably throw Lesnar around just as easily as Brock could him.

IC Title? Who wouldn't love to see him slap the shite out of Miz and then rip the shit out of him on the mic.

I hope he isn't gone, but I can't help but think that, with his ability, he'd sooner be winning the IWGP heavyweight title than the Universal Title, sadly. 
The element if surprise, cover, safety and functional legs all went out the window there. 

Maybe their enemies purposefully put that wall there to intentionally expose them! Now that would make them easy pickin's! 
Or he was going to furiously start wanking at the end.
ZTE Axon 7! 

Yeah, it's a year and a half old but my God is it a fucking good phone!

I've dropped this baby screen down on block paving twice and it hasn't smashed yet! 

5.5" display, 1440p Resolution, stereo speakers and a pretty good camera with optical image stabilisation! 

Oh, it also won't break the bank! 

Hope you find whatever it is you're looking for! 
Someone is don't to die.
Well, I'm hard.
Rosemary could literally walk into any wrestling company and be pushed to the moon right now. She's awesome, has an awesome gimmick and, judging from this video, hasn't missed a step!
Sounded like him too!
-The Fragrance for men.

Can the human eye see over Full Speed Yedlin's though? 
Wey Aye, man, yuv got a canny heed on a ya shouldas! 
The Iron Sheik dies... his hair.
With the amount of money they're paying the Premier League and it's clubs they can pretty much do as they please, which I why I hope Amazon, Netflix or some other (not bt) giant ends up with the rights soon!
Beckham did at one point too!
Bale and Greizmann on January 1st, aye? 👍 
Until it breaks. Seriously, this is the best phone if ever owned and can only see myself getting a different one of this one breaks or ZTE kills it with the Axon 8 or the Axon M!
12 points would have us on 22 overall... 22 points by the beginning of November would be fucking incredible!
Well, last season 50 points would have been 8th in the PL, in the 15/16 season 50 points was 10th, and the 14/15 season would also have been 10th. That's not really far off what our aim should be (if we're aiming for midtable safety).
Whoa, shocking! /s

Yeah, big fan of the "if it ain't broke, don't fix it," way of doing things.

Shelvey and Merino starting together was always going to happen at some point and the addition of Yedlin can only help too.

#HWTL! 
A little from column A, a little from column B...
I'm not a religious man, but Rafa is the closest thing to a deity to me and many. Love the support he's getting and hope it continues as strongly as it is right now!
Is that Vincent Brooks from Catherine!?
"EYE POPPING ACTION!" - The game box, *probably...*
No matter how many times I play this game, I always screenshot this moment right here. No idea why, I have it probably 7 times by this point, but it's just so fucking gorgeous!
I don't know, OP, who?
I hate having tits!

Ninja edit: Am man.
Fucking volumize those, Rimmel! 
/r/Lightbulb is other there 👈
This is the reason I feel like *Konami* (not Konami, *Konami*) aren't I'm control of this and it's all the devs! 
Hey, /u/patlat009, where did you get this piece of artistry!?
Very interested in this. ZTE are turning into that sleeper hit company!
Didn't that happen quite a while back?
Currently have 0 credits so I can't see the deal, anything worth while?
Nearly pissed myself, then relaxed and legitimately let a little bit out! 
Wish Netflix would pick up that show! Always have fond memories of it!
Today is Joselu's day... *please!*
Post this onto your facebook and 90% of your friends will probably believe it... or is it just me that seems to be friends with imbeciles? 
> "I skipped 1st grade and went straight to 3rd grade!" 

Okay, that's pretty funny.

> "What does CM even stand for? ... Chases Men?" 

Fucking hell.
Sounds about the jizzed of it, yeah...
NUFC: "Hold my trebs..."
Ah yes, the Newcastle United school of thought!
QWOP controls *engaged!*
I hope this is close to what they look like on the Switch version, too, they all look really solid!
I agree, but if you look at the hands one that one, it's very noticeable.
Here are three ([one](http://i.imgur.com/Erm0LJZ.gif), [two](https://www.geeksaresexy.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/fpsdemo1.gif), [three](http://static1.gamespot.com/uploads/original/1484/14849725/2899318-7029060590-tumbl.gif),) gif's of 60fps vs 30fps... it's pretty noticeable, in my opinion!
Pretty sure that on PS4 and XBO you can turn those notifications off. You'll still earn them, but you'd never know it and I'd assume you would be able to do that same on the switch!
I was wondering how you'd get around commentary and you did it perfectly. Nice work!
That was... expertly used, but man that's going to be taken advantage of!
That might be a girl, or a dude with long hair... that was a hair flick!
This is what my girlfriend says to me when I get annoyed at her climbing on me while watching tv!
"Kayfaaaaabe!" - Claudio- *damn it*
Someone is taking that starter kit reeeeally literally!
Fully expected that, I'm guessing someone is getting fired for that, though!
"Oil stockpiles, create and hide, you must." - Saudi Yoda, probably!
Was this like some artsy fartsy nonsense, like one of those movies that is really shite but gets defended because it's art? 
Russian ad is Russian...
That's still a thing? Surely Konami are trolling having us have red and white year upon year!
Then you get the atheists claiming it to be untrue! 

Call it, "We're fucking up the earth," and leave it at that!
"And the award for the most out of touch panel of judges to decide on awards is..." 

You're all able to fill in the rest!
Whoa, an actual crazy idea! A rarity!
Then there would be an uproar because all of the people who make their own Nuka-Cola bottles for sale would then be out of business. 

But if the drinks tasted alright... Fuck it, I'm in!
"Fuck you, cunt! You fucking earned this though!"

Pete Dunne, you're the best heel since Miz showed up! Never change!

Edit: Also, that camera show of Banks holding the title with Dunne in the background waving goodbye was excellent... take some notes, WWE!
Just saying, they all said this about Leicester too! "You can't just keep winning games 1-0 and expect to win the league!" 

And yet that's what they fucking did! I reckon we're going to silence a fuck-load of people this season!
Terrible Northern Light Suplex! Alicia Fox would be very angry!
Harrods? So that's, what, available for the low, low price of £2,999.99?
All I see are two hoe's!

Edit: The best jokes are the ones you have to explain!
Mario looks sassy as fuck!
They look more like natural disaster victims than anything else... aside from the corpse-bursting baby, of course.
So, a writer on Life is Strange was a writer on Spirits Within, right?
That's some intense attention to detail for the eagle-eyed mega-fans!
Sean O'Connell is awesome... how could someone be so nice and then in the next instant beat the shit out of you!?
Ugh, the cringe... the cringe! Fucking love it!
I'm there... never been to a Progress show due to travelling/scheduling conflicts, but this is just too amazing to not go!
Ronin? 
Nearly shat a brick! What the fuck!?
Shout it loud and do it proud...

3... 2... 1...

#WINDMILL!!!!
[Hmm...](https://giphy.com/gifs/iZYcyJ02eny4o/html5)
[Check out this comparison of features](http://www.gsmarena.com/compare.php3?idPhone1=8067&idPhone2=8529) and then you can decide if you feel like it would be a worthy upgrade.
The synchronicity is mesmerizing! 
Let's bookmark the tickets for flights to either Baku or Madrid now... they're both bidding to be hosts of the 2019 Champions League Final! This season is going rather swimmingly so far! ^^^Fuck ^^^you ^^^Tottenham, ^^^don't ^^^win! 
We're surprisingly more literate than the media would lead you to believe!
All we need is Shola for that extra security!
Who the fuck is this referee!? He's been even worse than any of our previous games this season! 
chronicleBot going above and beyond now! Good bot!
I'd love this match, but I fear Straight Fire would be reduced to a bitter smoulder! 
That's actually quiet sweet. They don't have to do that, and it's probably in some interns Google Calendar to send it out, but it's still nice that they get someone to do it.
Pretty sure that leads to either death or the inability to ever speak again!
Not a bad idea. It would show which sites go for sensationalisation, which go for the fakes and which just down right lie. Would be quite useful in figuring out which sites/organisations to are reputable and which are dog shit.

/r/Lightbulb, btw. 
I've been doing YouTube for the better part of 3 years and I've seen little-to-no growth. 

I've focused on a little niche, poured hours into script writing, shooting and editing and usually all I get back are 1 or 2 likes, the sporadic dislike, no comments and the video demonetized! All of those make it extremely disheartening to even continue at this point. 

Most of my subs and views come from a video I uploaded 11 years ago. 

Currently sitting at 710 subs with about 250,000 total views.

What am I doing wrong? Everyone I ask say my content is quite good, it's just not getting the views!

Thanks, /u/kpetar! 💕
*Woooobbuffet*
You're correct... the Note 1 is even a Super AMOLED display!

Source: http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_note_n7000-4135.php
>all goals courtesy of ~~Shelvey~~ Lascelles

FTFY
Are "tech" websites really this out of touch? Do you think they've ever heard of AMOLED or IPS displays?

Edit: [Searching OLED on GSMArena's](http://www.gsmarena.com/results.php3?sDisplayTechs=2) phone finder function throws back 572 separate phones! "New" technology.
Technically those would still exist without said achievements. You're essentially earning them by completing actions in game and that unlocks the content, you just so happen to have an achievement tied to that too.
I personally know of no other person who has a Switch besides myself. Looking at my friends list yesterday reminded me of this sad fact when I just showed me how to add people! :( 
That's slightly rubbed me the wrong way. Withholding a character that is in the game and locking him behind an unlock code is annoying. I get why they do it, it's just a little annoying.
Benoit and Orton at Summerslam was pretty excellent too. Benoit wasn't afraid to make others look good as long as he look like a fallen warrior too!
That will be a bit regrettable later! 
That Burning Hammer legit got me out of my chair!
Think of it like Porn Netflix!
That was legitimately one of the best babyfaced promos I've ever heard it it came from The fucking Miz! Holy shit, Enzo, I know I good headstone maker since you're looking for one after that burial!
I'm somewhat afraid to ask, but... Sauce?
That was pretty god damn skilled and awesome! I'd recommend watching Part 2 as well!
Good bot
What the fuck did they thing would happen? If it didn't break it would hit the tires and then go rolling down what looks like a hill and break other stuff. Idiots.
Channel 4 will literally green light anything...
Calm down, Michael Jackson... 
Looks more orangey to me... 
NXT Takeover Dallas and Wrestlemania 31... never popped so much during events than at those!
Or Geoff finally stuck his finger up Gavin's ass and Gavin panicked and shat all over the office...
Let's (get) smash(ed) (by) these, (we're) they're shite.

....I think that covers it! 

Hoping for a solid performance from wor Ritchie and Atsu again, hopefully Joselu can bag one or two and give Gayle a run out to see if he's not bricking it now he back in the PL. 

Going to guess 2-0 us.
I've had a new PC part list picked out and ready to go... just gotta buy them all in little spurts :/
Switch LA Noire is going be so fucking fun! Cannot wait for thi--... fuck... holiday 2017 is going to tough on the old bank account!
Police are never there when you need them. Seriously, WTF, how has this person not killed someone!?
Someone is about to get wailed by a phone to the face!
That was like an RKO-Reverse Doomsday Device...

In other words... ow!
That Vita one is a stretch... about 5 games could do that. 
[Uhh...](https://i.makeagif.com/media/10-22-2015/EVmEna.gif)
When last night's curry hits you hard...
Now if only Rapid Discord could be earned the Arcade...
Reversed Gif is still shitty.
What a masterpiece... the POTG and the movie!
Reminds me of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSYEpTDO6q8
Hiromu is still my favourite wrestler and has now just cemented that status! Holy fuck, this is awesome! ^^^clap ^^^clap ^^^clapclapclap
Too thick? It's rumoured to be 1cm thick when closed... That's pretty tiny!
Holy fuck... I didn't know I was going to shed a tear at this. I have someone in my household who went through this and I'm so glad she got through it. Hearing stories like this always just fucking hit me! :'(
In order to surpass Tanahashi's total days reigned, Okada needs to hold on to the title for another 119 days... in 121 days it's Wrestle Kingdom 12!

This would allow Okada to become the greatest champion in NJPW history and give Naito even more of a push by winning the title that day.

New Japan playing the long game.
If Macklemore was a penguin 🐧.... 
Come on... this is clearly cheating! 3 legs vs 2? C'mon!
Due to all of the replies, I'm making a point of playing and finishing Nioh now. An outpouring of praise for a game despite it's difficulty sells it to me more than any marketing campaign ever would. Well done, everyone!
[Here you go!](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Daddario+True+Detective+pornhub) NSFW
Woody Harrelson would agree... *probably*...
[Have a nice time, buddy.](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Daddario+True+Detective+pornhub)
Yeah, I've made a promise to fill up my entire Switch case with Switch cartridges... only 6 more to go! :( ^^there's ^^only ^^8 ^^slots...
Gotta protect the identity of those poor, vulnerable Pokemon!
"Number 9 and 11 will blow your mind..."
Damn, I failed this so hard that I went back to True Detective Season 1 Episode 2!
> Ninja Gaiden meets Souls

Thanks, I'll be sure to avoid this forever, I'll never get passed the first level!
The sheer angle of this turn makes this an awesome move, but I'm not sure it's pass of the year... still impressive as fuck.
"ANON." aka, the person who wrote the sign.
*cough* Warframe *cough*
I feel like there is just so many people writing stories now that it's hard to sift through the rubbish before you get to a high quality one! The quality is still out there, it's just that there's a ton of shit too.
Why you such a hack!?
[This is it.](https://i.imgur.com/angXaNI.jpg) It's from the Disney Store and it's actually an adult size too.
You sure? Really looks like ***Viva Piñata*** to me!
GO TO VIEW!!
Now that Ritchie and Atsu know to just give him the ball in a dangerous area, Mitro could easily become the Bas Dost of the Premier League!
Newcastle legend, right there!
This is going to be the coming of the greatest come back story ever.... As Haiadara becomes our greatest LB since Paul Dummett... Uh... Hmm...
You don't watch very good porn. 
Glad to know that's not just on my baconreader! 
Conceding 7 goals from 9 shots in one game for and against a club in the Eredivise, and 43 goals conceded from 22 games doesn't bode well in the Premier League. He's by far not our best keeper anymore.

Edit: added "In one game."
I'm currently working on Gateshead getting into the PL. So far I'm up to the Championship (back to back promotions up from the Vanarama National League), but have been stuck there for three seasons. Currently challenging for a play off spot but if I do get us (us, ha!) to the PL, they could give me £500K and I'd stay.

Everyone is different, but I am loyal until the bitter end and I really hope Rafa is too.
> People always say fans are the 12 man... well at SJP for the rest of the season I want it to feel like 11 v. 52.011 !!!! And away games ? Let's make them home games.

Gave me goosebumps! Bring the fuckers up next on!!!
Yes.
I'm UK, so that could be an issue too?
Hmm... Are you US, UK, etc?
Is this just an iOS thing? Everything looks fine over here on Android.
*That* changes everything... huh...
I tried reading the first book and that shit is harder to stay engrossed in than the games are... way harder!
This is one of the strangest tournaments ever. 

If you're level after 90 mins it goes to penalties and winning the shoot-out nets you two points and losing the shoot-out gives you one. 

Meaning, in a group on four teams, after the first round of matches you can literally have the point's read 3, 2, 1, 0.

Stupid idea to have U23 teams in it though, means the lower league clubs are getting shafted.
Never show this to your significant other, everyone who isn't OP!
They knew fine well what kind of headline they were writing, well done writer!
What the fuck is happening here? Is there some from of acid-trip filter over the top?
Fuck, imagine if this driver had of been any faster? That would have been in-tents...
Hull City are stupid, then.
Whoa, Rafa turning slightly heel with this one. 

I doubt we'll sell him though.
"Catch yuh dafty"

I fucking love Noam!
>Daily Star

Bollocks...
So, you're telling me that two men or two women shouldn't marry because they cannot make a child? They can adopt.

Times change and laws roll with those times. 

There's a literal law in the Bible that says if a son ignores his mother and father too much they're allowed to drag him to their town hall and have everyone stone him until he dies. Is that okay now?

Sorry, but homosexuals should be allowed marriage because it's a union of love. That's it.
Brilliant, thanks for the encouragement! 😁
Awesome, thanks for the feedback!
I actually have it set up so that it says; 

"The following memory, and subsequent chapters after it, are taken from *insert-protagonist's-name-here*'s personal diary. Everything in these sections are from the man himself and have been completely unedited."

The normal chapters are labelled as chapters and the first person chapters are labelled as "Memory #1, #2, #3," etc.
Brilliant use of social media... but that profile pic... :(
T
Has anyone actually used Fun88 to place a bet?
/r/thatHappened 
Yes... No... What was the question again!?
Most consistent player we have? Atsu!

Nothing phenomenal and nothing flashy, he just does his job and does it fucking well!
The Diame Effect; as soon as he comes on, Mitro scores! Coincidence?
MITRO... you're my fucking hero and spirit animal! 3-fucking-0!
MITRO MAN! Should have aimed for the near post!
I just want to say, Fuck Charlie Nicolas, Fuck Phil Thompson, Fuck Alan McInally and REALLY FUCKING FUCK Paul Merson!

They all said we had no chance today and it was going to be an easy win for West Ham. Fucking suck it!
West Ham's defence have just backed it up and gone home by the looks of chances we're getting now!
Fuck me, Ritchie should have made it 3 there... fucking hell this match is awesome!
Shelvey who?
One thing I think every supporter of every team can agree on... the refereeing is currently worse than ever before!
CLARK, YOU FUCKING PRETTY CUNT! GET THE FUCK IN, LAD!!! 2-0!
Fucking well done, Joselu! Brilliant first-start, hopefully he's overtaken Gayle in the pecking order!
Seeing us all hate on Diame... watch him score an absolute worldie!
I fucking hope Rafa is giving Diame his fucking take-away order, fuck off man!
Either that or a fuck load of cocaine!
I want that game... Sugar Glider Simulator 2018!
Can't understand why you'd vote against this in a first world country. Voting against this would be like voting for unhappiness.
A perfectly looped version would make this such a satisfying background.
Sauce?
Empoleon is only pointing to where Team Rocket blasted off to!
/r/Im14andthisisWTF 
Pete Dunne, before having the extremely punchable face.
From RT Podcast [#452.](http://roosterteeth.com/episode/rt-podcast-2017-452-3-gu3ogi)
Please no, that's what Sunderland used to do year upon year and at that point you're celebrating being the worst team in the league without going down.
A Sniper misplaced his shot. /s

Honestly, I haven't a clue. Could have been a warm glass with sudden cold water, could have been my grip on the glass, could have been the aforementioned Sniper, I'll never know.
Why the fuck did he have to play Diame and Saviet!? Fuck me, we have depth but our depth is fucking shite!
I'd rather fucking play with 10 fucking men than have fucking Diame on the fucking pitch!
Eh, 6 and two 3's.

Both are horrific places, each for mostly different reasons thought.
2-3.... fuck.
Whoa, 4th sub? Fucker, that's a great rule change!
I was building mine on the dining room table when I got a little thirsty. Went into the adjoining kitchen and got a glass of water... I took a sip just about a foot away from the on-going build and... The glass inexplicably exploded. Water and blood everywhere. Water got into the heatsink, blood into the RAM slots and a mixture on the MoBo. 

All was fine though, I dried them out and it's been running fine every since.
Greatest post I've seen all day. Thanks for the info and the good chuckle!
* Aarons comes off.

* Goes straight down the tunnel.

* Ando theorises it's an injury.

Fucking hell, Rolando, you're worse than De Jong!
RPG's always told me that glass armour is effective... Aarons is wearing it wrong!
Excellent, thanks person whose gender I will not assume.
Well, Aaron is as Aarons does...
Bloody hell, that's a nice saving too.

Would this build be good for video editing as well as gaming or should I be thinking about getting an RX Vega for that?
See, that's a lovely case, but there's no 5.25" external bay. :(
Rolando Airrins #LikeANewSigning
Hatem Ben Aarons!
[Aarons goal! \(Warning, Twitter video\)](https://twitter.com/NUFC_HQ/status/900440979395809281)
Bloody brillant Aarons!

Surely Mitro and Aarons have earned their way into the team at least as sub-ons for West Ham!?
Aaaaaaaand we've shat the bed...
The sheer emotion in his eyes at the end always gets me! 

Also, speaking on the end, he looks bizarrely like Alex Riley. 
When you break it down, that's a total of £7 million for every goal he scored during his time at Newcastle (and while on loan as Osasuna).
Sunday league would wreck him!
> No Mercy won't just be a PPV name, it'll be a match summary

Odds on Neville saying roughly this exact phrase at some point?
Oi, Tino, cash-in on that condom business and buy us, please!
Replace the thumbs up's with Upvotes and that's what you're going right now!
Motherfucker! Imagine being behind that dashcam. Kudos to the driver for slowing down. Most are fucking oblivious would would just carry and get up smushed!
*That* was a red card!? Really?
Let's sneak a 1-0 win, we're both shite.
Good bot
The most annoying thing is that Cole is a phenomenal commentator... It's just too bad that he's an equally good corporate shill.
Lubeless Anal.
Only 3 players even gave a damn in that match! Mbemba, Lascelles and Joselu when he came on! 

Time to switch up our favourite saying... They're going to smash us, we're shite!
* Clark starting at Left Back is worrying, hopefully he and Mbemba can cover that side together though.*

* This is Merino's chance to shine, I really hope he takes it.

* Saviet on the bench, are things *that* bad?

* Hopefully Joselu can get a solid 20-30 minutes here.

These are the matches we need to be winning. If we can't pick up points at the big clubs, we need to be bettering our rivals from last season, at least. 

Roses a Red,

We wear black and White,

Let's fucking smashes these,

They are really shite!

EDIT: Clark worrying me at LB was more because if he's injured within the next 90 minutes, we're fucked.
[Pictured here is former Captain Scott Parker holding the Intertoto Cup... "Cup"...](http://www.bbc.co.uk/tyne/content/images/2007/03/09/toto_plaque2_348x470.jpg)
Yes, you've said that already... 
Or ICW...
Newcastle United 4 - 4 Arsenal

The sheer devastation of being 4-0 down only to very nearly win the match in the end was incredible! 

Also, who will ever forget... 

> BOOM! BOOM! CHEICK CHEICK THE ROOM!

Tiote's volley... 👌

RIP, big man! 
Shit's like crack... I'll lost many an afternoon & evening to that game.
There were a couple, like when I faced Millwall in League 1 and ended up with 7 men on the pitch... Bullshit was I playing the next 4 games with 2 fit defenders! (Yeah, the entire back four was sent off).
I'm attempting that right now... Currently in the Championship after gaining promotion from the Vanarama National League up to the Championship, back to back. 

Now I'm stuck in Championship limbo as a midtable club, but have just won the league cup, so if I win the Europa League in one seasons time... Well...
> spraffing 

Found my word of the day!
Currently looking at my Underdog from the Underground SamiWowWow shirt and the only think other than Zayn's graphics is a little NXT tag on the bottom of the shirt.

This must be a US thing, people in the UK DGAF about wearing wrestling shirts in public.
They've cut it from 5 hours to 4... despite the pre-show still being 2-hours long.
Call him the King of Strong Style or nothing at all... the Artist Known as Shinsuke Nakamura is one of the worst nicknames they've came up with since, "The Outlandish" Rich Swann!
Cannot fucking believe Neville lost!

Please say this means he moving up the roster!
Nearly 200, currently at 198!
Yeah and on the Indy's, except when the crowd would join in, he would then shout, "SHUT THE FUCK UP!" and do a move. 
Did they knock 20 minutes from Summerslam or something!? Why is there 2-hours of Monday Night Raw and 1-hour of Monday Night Summerslam tonight!?
I guess Perez is dead in the water then... I can't see us having Gayle, Mitro, Ayoze, Joselu and Lucas Perez in the same squad when we only play 1 up top! That's positional overkill.
I think your only option would be a Galaxy S5 Mini. 

Fingerprint reader, removable battery and a 4.5" display.
What planet are you even from, you loser!?
So, the big question now is:

Is Juice Robinson truly balls deep in some beautiful Japanese women?
KENNY FINALLY DID IT!!!

Now excuse me while I shed a tear at how awesome that was...
"Hey, why the hell do you even like wrestling?"

"C'mon, let me introduce you to two gentlemen named Kenny Omega and Kazuchika Okada..."
Uranage onto the fucking neck, motherfucker of god!
FUCK ME! The selling on that missle dropkick was like being hit by a fucking car!
Don Callis actually sounding concerned for the well being of Okada is selling this match wondrously!
The sound of concern in Rocky's voice is selling this match like fucking crazy!
Fucking hell, that Dragon Suplex on the apron, the Franksteiner on the outside, the delayed fisherman neckbreaker... Okada isn't going to be able to fucking walk out of the building!
Do Kenny and Kazuchika just meet before the match and say, "So, kill each other? Cool!"
Love that Rocky is actually commentating and not just referring to himself or telling weird and out of context stories!
Fucking hell, Callis and Kelly are HYPED AS FUCK!!!!
I don't think I'm prepared for this at 1 o'clock on a Saturday!

After the great matches we've just seen, this is going to be heart stopping!
"No offense Rocky, just I hoped he'd killed ya!" - Don to Rocky.

Don Callis is some next level heel commentator!
Fucking hell... Omega on 12, potentially 14! Okada on 13, potentially 15! And, of all people, EVIL finishing either third or joint second with 12!

Bring on G1 Climax 28! EVIL will be going places!
EVIL kicked out of the brainbuster... Kojima is putting over this kid big time!
"What, you think I just arrived with Bullet Club to hang out with Yuijaro and his girls?"

"Well, yeah..."

"Yeah, that's partly it..."

Fuck me, I love Don and Kev!
If his form continues on to next years tournament, EVIL will win G1 Climax 28! If he doesn't, NJPW are missing a treat!
"RETIRE!" - Don

"YOU'RE A BAD PERSON!" - Kev

"SHUT UP, I'M RUINING PEOPLE'S DREAMS, LEAVE ME ALONE!" - Don

Best commentator team on the planet!
"Huh, Suzuki is actually listening to the young li- oh, there we go... oh fuck, he's murdering them! Someone stop him!" - My thoughts there.
# ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Holy fuck! 

#HOLY FUCK!!!!!!

#YANO FUCKING BEAT SUZUKI AGAIN!
ROCKY! ROCKY! ROCKY!

Fuck yeah! That's awesome use of the 3rd commentator!
A commentary team of Don Callis and Don West would be insanely awesome!
The way Suzuki was sat on that apron there looked like he was thinking, "C'mon Yano, just lay down, I can't be fucked to murder you tonight!"
"Pull his eye out, c'mon!" - Don Callis

Don's original ECW is leaking through!
Hey, Suzuki is probably going to kill Yano... ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Yano to walk to the ring, menacing glare on his face, no sells a bunch of stiff punches and goes on to dismember Minoru! Here we go!
The delay of Tama at the apex of the Gun Stun is what sets it apart from other Cutters like it! Love it! 

Tama has been incredibly impressive in this G1!
Gun StunADA!
19.99999999 count right there!
I want to try a Paradise Lock to see how much Kayfabe is it!
Um... Los Inbulletclubes De Japon!

Can Tama and SANADA be a tag team please!? They look awesome in the ring together!
Tama Tonga checking the ref for weapons... it's the little things that make me love wrestlers!
Really surprised at how well LIJ and BC have been in G1! 

Way to prove that tag guys can go with Singles guys! Makes your entire roster look strong as fuck!
"I'M GONNA GO BALLS DEEP IN SOME BEAUTIFUL JAPANESE WOMEN!" - Juice Robinson

Juice continuing his amazing run of incredible babyface promos!!!
Rocky has been astounding on commentary so far! Really surprised how not shit he's been!
***JUICER IS LOOSER THEN EVER BEFORER!!!***
JUICE WINS!

Fucking hell, what a way to make Juice look strong as fuck!!! Super convincing win!
Spot of the night so far!

Rolling Cannonball, reversed into a powerbomb, into a bucklebomb, reversed into a pin attempt... I fucking love NJPW!
When do we get Big E vs Big Mike in a "Whose Bra Size Is Bigger?" Match!?
I love Juice's anime-like yells and grunts!
"That's a lot of ass to hit you in the face!" - Don Callis

What a call!
AH-RIGHT BAYBAY!
Juice to kick out of the Avalanche Deadlift Falcon Arrow and get the victory.
Fucking hell, YOSHI-HASHI's face annoys the fuck out of me and I have no idea why!
Fuck me, Fale has quickly become one of my favourites! Classy as fuck, right here!
That's not White people dancing, that's gentlemanly dancing!
[Mr...](http://imgur.com/RZjr6dd)

In all honesty, if this is true, Rafa can get the best out of him. Look forward to seeing how this pans out.
Oh man, is it bad I've seen this before? It's unreal!

Is the near death of Nick Gage up soon?
Massive inflation on player prices, plus very little TV money from last season, plus very little prize money, plus our transfer budget also being our wage budget means we can't go mental on spending, unfortunately. I really go hope we can nab Perez off yous though, dude looks great.
He'd suddenly be a hero! 
Inb4 /u/QuaaludeDreams gets /r/SquaredCircle banned completely.
Cannot stand Martin Tyler... such a boring commentator!

"And uh... ... ... it's... ... ... not the best day... *chuckle*... for a... game of football..."

Fuck off, get some charisma about you!
Good to know, I'll grab the physical book! Cheers for answering, bud!
Would you consider releasing Go Nitro in audiobook form? 

Also, if you could only eat the same meal for every meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Looks like Ayoze will finally get his wish of just being known as "Ayoze!" 
What. The. Fuck.
This is the racing game equivalent of spawn camping.
*Reads "Just keep swinging..."*

*Sees Reinhardt...*

"Okay, where's the Nano?"

"... Theeeere it is!"
Wait, people don't already shout "LIGHT'S OUT. AWAY WE GO!" when the red light stops?
In other news, stabbings up 85%!
Fucking hell, what is this world!?!?!?

Kudos for constantly 1-upping yourself!
It's the weird thing you started being once Rafa was appointed manager!
Merson says we're finishing 17th?

Europa League it is, then!
See, I just can't see us going down. Call me an optimist, but I feel like the likes of Shelvey, Ritchie, Gayle, Merino, Atsu, Perez, Hayden plus others have a massive desire to surprise people this year. Sure, we need a GK, ST and a Winger, but by and large, I think we should do okay. 

Also: 

> "When I decided to stay, I was expecting another thing. Now we are where we are."

I think he's referring to the fact that he was expecting prices to be by and large the same as the season before, not players costing £20mil for mediocrity. 

We'll be fine this season, Rafa will stay and, and news outlets are just trying to scare us. Kick back, relax, and enjoy the season.

If Rafa isn't just going to leave because a couple of signings didn't come through, he isn't just going to quit without trying. He likes *us* too much for that, plus it would slightly tarnish his reputation. 

Everything is going to be okay. Just watch.
Fuck those guys! Sure, it might be funny, but that taxi driver just lost a few days worth of work for a joke and free rides.
Took me 6 loops to realize that your aunt is in the background... I think...
Yeah, break the fall with your face, that's the way to do it.
If Zach Galifianakis was a dog...
HEY IT'S OKAY, IT'S OKAY, YOU'RE WELCOME...
To think, that guy had his finger on the random button ready because, in the back of his mind, he was prepared for this.
Nice! The end of this was like the end of SpaceJam!

"You didn't need any ~~secret potion~~ nano boost, you had the ability in you all along!"... with 2 Nano kills vs 3 other kills.
I found u/FH_Elyse's alt account!
> 90MIN.com ... Mirror.co.uk...

Fuck off...
Dummett
Right after this ends, Sick Nick Mondo takes a sitout chokeslam onto the light tube fragment covered canvas for the loss.

Fuck that shit. I hesitate to even call this wrestling at this point... Fuck. That.
My god, if ever there was a story that's writing itself it's Drew Galloway/McIntyre's! Cannot wait to see where this guy goes after Brooklyn III!
**Final League Position:** 13th

**Top Scorer:** Ritchie

**Player of the Season:** Shelvey

**Surprise of the Season:** Manquillo

**Disappointment of the Season:** Mitrovic

Going a little outside the box on this one.
I dropped my fucking sandwich when that hand hit the mat for the third time! What the fuck just happened!?
https://www.instagram.com/roxanadias/
This is one fucking awesome spot! The timing of EVERYTHING is perfect! The duck, the lariat, the ref's positioning and sell... TNA wasn't bad back in the day!
Geordieland!
THIS... IS... THE. RIM. EE. TI-IM!
> It really, for me, just became a game of "shoot the gun until something new happens."

Isn't that describing gaming in general? Pushing buttons until something new happens?
Wassy would fit in just right here!

What's the Japanese for... 

# #SpoonsOut?
OH... MY... GOD... YEEESSSSSSSSS!
Fuck that, would burn!
Fight or flight? This guy doesn't know what flight is!
Fully expected this to happen, wrong sub.
Naito looks 12 years old!
If Rafa's half time talks don't work, a classic Winger speech should tie a bow on the whole thing!
[Rafa's ready, lads!](http://i.imgur.com/DqKgtTu.jpg)
[So did you...](https://images.nufc.co.uk/1200x675_/media/31270/dsc_8115.jpg)
As an Atleti fan, I'd be somewhat saddened and happy if he (Correa) jumped over to Newcastle! 22, and kid has some great feet on him!

Edit: a word.
Shit like this just makes me realise I'm terrible at video games.
You could try **Mickii**? There a Japanese wrestler called Ishii who has the same "ee" sound at the end plus it's less likely to be taken?
BIG E
Oh, what a goal! Deserved that!
Pre-Season is one helluva drug!
Did... did fucking Gamez just score!?
Well, Diame and Colback are really earning their place today... on the Transfer List!

Zero creative outlook in the centre right now!
Muchas Gracias
Colback and Diame in the centre? Is Rafa trying to see what it would be like playing a game with 9-men!?
Someone fucking saw that as a problem, mathematically and scientifically worked out the logistics of it working and then installed them on these things as fully operational... that's how smart the inventor was... And I'm sat here wondering why I still poke myself in the eye every now and again when putting on my glasses to watch porn. 
Did he... Flip the bird the bird?
Wor Gerard is going to one hell of a sporting politician one day!
> > Moyes and Britishness

> Moyes and ~~Britishness~~ Evertoness

Moyes and the Spanish Language

FTFTFY.
Someone help plug the /r/NUFC leak...
This is genuinely heart warming... you can'y fake shaking with happiness like that!
While you were on NXT TV, who were the people backstage who helped you the most?
That Murphy goal... oof!
> Wijnaldum

Only showed up when we were at St James', didn't do much of anything away from home.

> Sissoko 

You are fucking joking, right?

> Coloccini 

Way past it even before relegation.

> Cisse

Hahahahahahahaha.

> Tiote 

He was okay, but again way past it by the time we got relegated. 

> Townsend

Our best player at the time, but one good player does not a good team make.
It's way fucking stronger than the one we got relegated with on BOTH occasions!
4/5 today... Fuck you Ibushi, you're not going to meet Kenny in the finals this way!
Where's the Aloe, lads?
God damn what a fucking awesome match!
Japanese wrestling... the only wrestling that has me screaming at my  TV!
Holy fuck, is SANADA going to win!?
I truly believe that if Jinder didn't have the stereotypical gimmick and ran with something normal, for instance, like Mustafa Ali, then he'd be great! This right now is a steaming pile of elephant shite! 
If you ignore RAW and only consume 205 Live in its own bubble, there's many reasons to watch it. 
SmackDown Live: Freebird ALL the titles!
Cole: "OH MAN!"

D-Bryan: "OH MY GOSH!"

JBL: "GOOD GRIEF!"

Kevin Kelly: "Oh fuck..."
Why do I feel like when Shinsuke wins, JBL is going to say, "What an upset!"?
JBL: "This is a dream match up..."

Shinsuke Nakamura vs Baron Corbin...

Yep, he's drunk, lads!
Corbin to lose this match and then to cash in later, calling it now.
The Usos are the PG version of Guerrillas of Destiny!
As someone in a household with someone who has had anorexia (I actually have my doubts to whether or not is gone), she needs urgent help. This could be drugs but this could also be an eating disorder and they are fucking scary! 
Did he get tried for some of there murders until he had them show up to the courtroom? Now that's *some* fuckin' kayfabe right there!
That was fucking hilarious... But also fucking horrifying to relive! :(
Oh I'm sorry, it's not like I have to spend that money on rent and electricity and fuel, etc.
And my axe!
I regret watching this in the gym... I'm fucking exhausted mentally after those matches, I cannot be fucked to even drive home! 

That's 3 days in a row I've gone 4/5! Happy so far! 

Also, love how the two biggest takeaways from this night was that Elgin and Okada can tear the fucking building down and that we all feel heartbroken for Takahashi! #FuckYouFale 
I regret watching this in the gym... I'm fucking exhausted mentally after those matches, I cannot be fucked to even drive home! 
There's no English commentary, just Japanese. 
His run in TNA as TV Champion (or whatever name it had at the time) was amazing... He also held the title with his teeth way before Pete Dunne did too!

Can't wait to see how much he's improved, dude was solid even back then!
Flight path? Don't you mean Airspeed Velocity?
Mother... fucker...
You see Matt, it *really* doesn't matter if you lose on TV, you don't need to worry about Hot Topic.
Awesome stuff, /u/skeach101!

Managed to jump up 300 places from night 1, went 0/5 to 4/10! 

So glad I picked Tama, gutted I didn't go with Sanada.

Night 2 was an amazing spectacle and these Pick'ems added an extra layer of support to each match. Love this, keep up the great work!
Yano: "Rainmaker? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
Yeah, spines are overrated!
I'm 189cm (6ft 2") and about 108kg and I'm XL... sounds like you need either a Small or a Medium.
Ah yes, the third layer of Kayfabe.
I shook Greg's hand after NXT's first night on their first UK tour and told him that he makes everything sound like a big fight feel. He was nothing but humble and thankful for my words... so glad he's on SmackDown getting praise like this.
4/5 today vs 0/5 2 days ago.

Suddenly feeling a little better about the Pick'ems.
Omega just *is* an anime character.
4.75-stars at least right there! 

Fucking hell, that was my favourite match of the competition so far and Ibushi/Naito was fucking phenomenal!

Everything from offense to psychology to story was executed to perfection.

Suzuki was incredible, Omega was incredible, it's going to be tough to out do that until Omega/Okada III.
I'm fucking knackered just watching this match!
Elgin looks like a really jacked Matthew Santoro.
I love how Elgin is called, "Big Mike" despite being only 5ft, 10"! 
Now I just need Tama, EVIL, Okada and Omega for a perfect day 2.

Now here comes ~~Samoan~~ Polynesian Seth Rollins.
Fuck yes, Juice got the W and I'm off the mark on my Pick'ems!

Also, that respect from Juice and Kojima was awesome!
How the fuck is Juice even still in this!?
Tenzan looks like a Rockhopper Penguin!
That's on after this match.
Juice could sell your own car back to you.

Sold that forearm like death.
Does the tape on Kojima's nose say, "COSY?"
/r/madlads 
C'mon Juice!
A Juice Robinson match and it's almost lunch time so I'm drinking some Robinson's fruit Juice... no joke!
Naito is going to kill Don Callis soon.
Nice move from Bushi! Only in NJPW would a cross-face reversed into a pin work and be convincing.
I remember him pronouncing Nile Ranger's name, "RANG-GAH"... he can't even pronounce English names!
It's Paul Merson, so basically expect nothing he says to happen.
0/5 so far... Once the event started I wanted to change my picks since I made them all on impulse. Ah well, there's always next year.
> And if I'm brutally honest, Newcastle are the more stable premier league team :(

Fuck me, how times have changed.
Do the area's you play/live in contain little to no active players?
discussion
We don't know if we really were considering him. Not a single one of the reliable sources said we were and as far as I know, it was only one source in Uruguay that reported it. 

I feel like we were never in for this guy and the media just tried to drum up clicks.
This. About 10% of my high school had Android, 35% had iPhone's and 55% had Blackberry. This was back when the only thing most kids did with their phones was message each other. While my circle of friends were talking about rooting, we were made fun off because we didn't have the best phones or access to the best messaging apps.

We made the right choice, I feel.
PSA: We don't know shit, everything is speculation and unless the reliable media sources report that we've submitted a formal bid, don't jump to conclusions. Assuming this is above Rafa's head or a "Carr-like" signing is stupid. Unless the board and owner want Rafa to just walk out, they're not doing anything to piss him off. Grain of salt, people. Grain of salt.
Never realised just how short Elgin is!
I know Scottish Tweets seems to be all the rage now but we need to get on making Geordie tweets a viral thing.
This looks more like a training top to me... It's an incredibly boring shirt, that's for sure.
I feel like this story ends at some point with someone dying... Like, that's a horrible thing to think, but if everything keeps going to way it is, I don't see many people coming out of this in the best way.
Is there any way to watch PWG?
If Kay Lee f'n Ray doesn't get to at least the semis I'll be incredibly pissed off!
Lascelles Sea Shells?