No. If you were, Apple would have to either take the loss out of their own pocket or steal money from the developer. Also, doing so would be like just getting years of free use out of a paid app, so developers would be outraged. 
Well, I believe I can help you with that, Good Sir. 

Conjunction Junction, what’s your function?
Hooking up words and phrases and clauses.
Conjunction Junction, how’s that function?
I got three favorite cars
That get most of my job done.
Conjunction Junction, what’s their function?
I got “and”, “but”, and “or”, 
They’ll get you pretty far.

[spoken] “And”:
That’s an additive, like “this and that”.
“But”:
That’s sort of the opposite, 
“Not this but that”.
And then there’s “or”:
O-R, when you have a choice like 
“This or that”.
“And”, “but”, and “or”, 
Get you pretty far.

[sung] Conjunction Junction, what’s your function?
Hooking up two boxcars and making ‘em run right.
Milk and honey, bread and butter, peas and rice.
Hey that’s nice!
Dirty but happy, digging and scratching,
Losing your shoe and a button or two.
He’s poor but honest, sad but true,
Boo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!

Conjunction Junction, what’s your function?
Hooking up two cars to one
When you say something like this choice:
“Either now or later”
Or no choice:
“Neither now nor ever”
Hey that’s clever!
Eat this or that, grow thin or fat,
Never mind, I wouldn’t do that,
I’m fat enough now!

Conjunction Junction, what’s your function?
Hooking up phrases and clauses that balance, like:
Out of the frying pan and into the fire.
He cut loose the sandbags,
But the balloon wouldn’t go any higher.
Let’s go up to the mountains,
Or down to the seas.
You should always say “thank you”,
Or at least say “please”.

Conjunction Junction, what’s your function?
Hooking up words and phrases and clauses
In complex sentences like:
[spoken] In the mornings, when I’m usually wide awake, I love to take a walk through the gardens and down by the lake, where I often see a duck and a drake, and I wonder, as I walk by, just what they’d say if they could speak, although I know that’s an absurd thought.

Conjunction Junction, what’s your function?
Hooking up cars and making ‘em function.
Conjunction Junction, how’s that function?
I like tying up words and phrases and clauses.
Conjunction Junction, watch that function.
I’m going to get you there if you’re very careful.
Conjunction Junction, what’s your function?
I’m going to get you there if you’re very careful.
Conjunction Junction, what’s your function?
I’m going to get you there if you’re very careful.
Here you go:
You're invited to join the Fortnite Invite Event on iOS. Visit this link to start playing! https://fortnite.com/mobile?code=F96DYMKPQCC2JD4YAES7https://fortnite.com/mobile?code=F96DYMKPQCC2JD4YAES7
Have fun!
I can’t even get on the game to send an invite link — the line to log in is already to long. 
None of them are Apple made though, so none of them are really as good and they all have IAPs
Same thing happens to me and makes me miss there response and think that they’re ignoring me
This worked! Thank you!
Nope
I just tried that and it didn't work. Every other device connected to the WiFi works, it's just the phone that doesn't. 
No. The 8+ never had iOS 10.3.3, only iOS 11, so it would be impossible to go back. Also, if 10.3.3 was available for the iPhone 8, it would not be signed now. 
Damn it! I was dying of laughter until you came in and ruined it for me! Now that i look at it closer, it does look photoshopped. 
I read this post and said “huh, isn’t happening to me” then it started happening to me on my iPhone 6 and I had to come back here. 
Am I having a —
The full name of the section is *profiles & device management*. That shouldn’t make a difference when you search it, but who knows. 
Oh yeah. That would be a game changer for me. 
Face ID is going to get better and faster, and in a few years it will undeniably be the best way to unlock a device. That can’t happen though if we never move away from Touch ID. 
You are exactly right, so I have no need to comment, so I did anyways. 
Yeah, but it always does in the first few updates. 
Yes, battery life will improve over 11.x software updates, but no one knows whether it will ever be the good as 10.3.3. It could also get even better than 10.3.3 after a few updates. 
There’s no need for a beta profile to get iOS 11 because it is officially out.
11.0.1 is an official release with bug fixes, whereas 11.1 is the beta of the upcoming 11.1 firmware. 
Next year no new phone will have the 6 design, but the iPhone 8 will stay on apple’s website for 2 more years. 
Yes. 
Apple has stated that all ARKit apps require an iPhone 6S or above, so either way that’s unusual. 
11.01 should come out next week, and 11.1 probably about a month after that, with the first beta being dropped next Tuesday. 
This is reachability, and is activated by double tapping without clicking the hole button. It is meant to help you reach the top corners of the phone with one hand. 
This is reachability, and is activated by double tapping without clicking the hole button. It is meant to help you reach the top corners of the phone with one hand. 
Or none and he just paints his body like a kilt
What else could he possibly wear?
Mine just got here from FedEx!
It’s ok— your iPhone X won’t ship until mid January if you don’t preorder within the first 0.5 seconds!
I don’t think it exists on the SE since it’s such a small phone
10:00 AM PDT
I believe Apple has already stated that developers will not be able to do that. 
When I was about 5 years old my sister bought a 3rd generation iPod Touch and I was amazed by it. A few weeks later I bought a used iPod Touch on eBay with my saved up one dollar bills, and i was hooked on Apple. 
I’m not saying it would be bad. I really do think it would be an awesome feature! I guess tone of voice is just a bit hard to convey through reddit. 
Everyone who cares about iPhones enough to preorder one is waiting for the X. 
That would be absolutely amazing. I would love to wake up in the morning and see the weather right in front of me. But not through a window. That would be too much work. 
I like the way it is. It looks less like every other phone out there, and it makes it look more bezelless. 
Apple isn’t stupid enough to overlook display burn in. The pixels will move slightly all the time to avoid that. 

AirPods are already great workout headphones for those whose ears they fit (which is most people). 
This is exactly my thought. It really could push a lot of people over the edge to getting an iPhone X. That said, Apple is Apple so it won’t happen. 
Most likely it will be a later date. 

With one the clock icon moves and is a working clock, and the status bar has one on the home screen. 
We know just about everything about the new iPhone before the release every year. It’s still exciting to see how Apple presents it. 
No: just like the headphone jack, Touch ID is the past and Apple knows that there is a better way to go about unlocking your phone. 
It’s...bearable. Definitely not great, but the last few betas have improved the lag issues for me. 
11 AM here. I won’t be watching it because I have school 😩
I’m so sad I have school on Tuesday 😩 I won’t get to watch the keynote live!
I can confirm that. My 6 is definitely starting to get laggy and slow. 
None of the above: Edition
Yeah...
No. It wouldn’t be able to read much of your fingerprint at a time, and Face ID will be so much better so why even have Touch ID
What Siri voice do you have set? I believe it only works on American female and male. 
21-28 is 2-3 weeks, not one to two. 
The stock mail app. 
No, maybe they did stop working after a while but who knows
AirPods
I just leave autobrightness I’m so that when it’s bright out I can see the display and when it’s dark it doesn’t blind me. 
It’s hard to say because it’s an older phone and is no longer sold by Apple. It could be less than the $100 that Apple usually decreases last generation products by or more, who knows. 
Actually everythingapplepro did a video putting AirPods through a wash and dry cycle and they came out fine, so yours might keep working. 
Everything will be cheaper after the 8 comes out, so wait until then. You won’t be able to get it from Apple, so I would try on eBay or craigslist. Just make sure the seller has a high rating because there are some scams out there. 
It means it was recently used. 
I use Apple maps. I’m on iOS 11, so the new Siri voice is used, and I just can’t go to the old machine sounding voice on google maps or anything else. 
Still works for me. 
Apple devices usually get software updates for 5 years after they are released, and even after that they get crucial security bug fixes if needed. 

AirPods will work great, and you can use one ear at a time if you want as the audio will automatically become mono. 
No. iPhone 8 all the way. 
Wtf
You made a great decision getting AirPods. They’re great and won’t get refreshed at the keynote. 
Well, technically there’s a chance so I’d say the odds are about 1/1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
However, iPhone Pro might scare off less tech savvy consumers from buying the iPhone Edition. 
Right is the rumored google pixel 2. The pixel out now has much bigger bezels
That was previously rumored but now apparently they will come out at the same time. 
Well, with the 7 if you’re talking about the in-box included Apple EarPods then that comes in a lightning version with the 7, and will with the 8 as well. I wouldn’t recommend buying an iPhone 6 because at this point it’s getting a bit old. Whatever you do, wait until the 8 is released to buy a new phone if you can because all the prices will drop by $100 for the 7 and 7+. Also, if you can afford it I would definitely go with the 8 just because of all the new features. 
iPhones do not have built in princes to drop, sorry. 

Usually when new iPhones come out the last generation drops by $100. 
iPhone Edition is coming September 12
Are you sure you have a 3D Touch device? It has to be iPhone 6S or later. 
I’ve seen that pop up a few times, but it really annoys me that it switches back and forth for me. I wish they would just keep one design. 
You can just set a reminder at night before you go to bed and make it for about five minutes after you go to bed and then it will be there in the morning? But you wouldn’t be able to create an occurring reminder to show up every morning. 
Normally, no, but AirPods connect and disconnect seamlessly and automatically. 
Completely agreed. Wireless is the future, and it definitely does have the capability to replace the headphone jack right now. 
Agreed. X isn’t established and Pro would scare off some consumers. 
Next year it will be 8 and 8+, continuing the usual numbered names. They will both have this years Edition design. 
No way it will be X Edition. I’m going just with Edition. It’s a lot simpler and it flows better than X Edition. 
The official reddit app should have an option to show NSFW content. Make sure that’s on and then just search for whatever subreddit you want. The Narwhal reddit app seems to have show NSFW content on by default. 
By default, pressing the power button 5 times brings up an option to call 911, but it doesn’t actually call unless a user has changed the settings. 
September 12
Although it’s definitely more likely than the iPhone 8, I’d say the name will be iPhone Edition. “Pro” could scare off less tech savvy people and stop them from buying the more expensive iPhone. 
But they don’t require charging a lot. Just every 5 hours or so, and even then you just put them back in the case for less then half an hour and they’re all charged up again. 
Possibly, but I doubt it. Even though it would make a lot of people go for the more expensive iPhone. 
Maybe they just caught up because they’ve been setting aside AirPods for each iPhone 8/Edition for months. 
Do you really listen to music for an entire 10 hour flight often? And do you really go on 10 hour flights often enough for it to actually make a difference in your life whether or not you take a little break?
I agree that it probably won’t happen, but AirPods probably only cost Apple about $30-50 to make, and it could push a lot of people over the edge to getting the more expensive iPhone. 
4-6 hours in to the flight take a little break and put the AirPods back into the case. Take them out 30 minutes later and enjoy the rest of your flight listening without wires. Chances are that at some point you’ll want to stop listening for a few minutes anyway. Also, AirPods have just about no delay in sound, so there’s really no argument against them. 
It’s a Samsung Galaxy Note 8. The iPhone 8 will have even smaller bezels. 
For most people, including me, EarPods fit great and feel great in the ear. You just have an ear shape that doesn’t work well with EarPods. They never fall out of my ears and I can listen to music for hours at a time with them without my ears hurting. 
I never use the headphone jack. Instead i just use Bluetooth ones so that I can move around more without them falling out, so I see no need for the headphone jack. 
Bluetooth headphones allow for more movement because there are no wires to yank on them. 
Get AirPods and charge them overnight once every few days. It’s less of a hassle than wired headphones because you don’t have to untangle them and they don’t fall out as easily because there are no wires. 
I just tested on iOS 11. You can’t. 
Turn on do not disturb to stop notifications, and charging time shouldn’t matter overnight. 
No, Apple never forces you to update. 
Yes, the 7 and 7+ will each drop by $100
Hmm... I haven’t thought about that. I guess only in situations like the one right now where Apple really wants to pack all the new tech possible in to the new iPhone, but doing that is expensive so they want to also release cheaper versions. 
There will still be a lightning port on the next iPhone, but on the one after that or posssibly two generations afterwards Apple will remove the last port. 
I don’t think there’s any way. 
No... I think this years Edition will be a one time thing, and then next year we’ll get the iPhone 8 and 8+ with the Editions design. 
NO, I AM THE PHONE
He’ll either love it or get pissed and punch you...
Yep. This has been a feature for just about ever. 
Agreed. I keep the apps I use most often in the dock, so I barely ever have to go to the home screen. 
That’s exactly my thinking for why it will be called the iPhone Edition. Not Pro because that might discourage older & less tech-savvy buyers, and Edition follows the higher end Apple Watch. 
I’m betting it will be iPhone 7S, 7S Plus, and Edition. 
I’d say Monday, and then the official release being next. 
It’s a cheap alternative for people who don’t have $700 to spend on an iPad Pro. It works well for a lot of budget-minded people. 
That would actually make the difference for me to go with the 8 instead of 7S
I don’t believe it does, as my mother plays scrabble with the premium app all the time on airplanes. 
Johnny Ive- “In our newest iOS update, we’ve made Maps the simplest and easiest to use mapping application. In other applications, you get confusing streets and roads. In our newest update, you’ll just see the outline of Earth. This truly is the best iOS version yet.”
In previous betas it didn’t update daily, so this is new. 
Although this makes sense, it could just be for easily adding cards. 
I hope so! 
Yeah, they’ve definitely already started mass production. 
The pixel is not objectively better. It has the same bezels as an iPhone 6S, but no home button. Why? Why??!??!?!!? Oh right, because then it would look exactly like an iPhone. 
I usually just see what I can sell them for on eBay. 
It’s only in Europe. 
I’ve often thought about this, and it makes sense. In fact, I posted the same question a few months ago. I think for buyers on the edge about the iPhone Edition, the inclusion of AirPods could tip them towards buying the Edition. This would make them give Apple much more money then they would have without the inclusion of AirPods, and at a low expense to Apple because AirPods probably only cost $30-$50 to make. That said, I still doubt Apple will do this just because, well, Apple. 
Yeah, I have been for the last several betas. The only way I was able to turn notifications on for reddit was to delete and reinstall the app. 
The same thing happens to me 
Only when it happens to be running low at nighttime. Most of the time I just leave it unplugged until it needs to be charged. 
My dream Apple lineup (at the end of the year when all of these products have been released)

Top of the line iMac Pro
Touch bar 2.9 GHz MacBook Pro
iPhone 8/Edition 256 GB
iPad Pro 10.5” 512 GB with Apple Pencil and keyboard
Series 3 LTE Aluminum Apple Watch with every band
Apple TV
Several HomePods
AirPods

So basically every Apple product. 
Let me propose a counter question: what are the chances of Apple bringing back the floppy disk drive on macs?
Those two questions have the same answer — 0. None. There’s no way in hell Apple would ever do that. 

The iPhone 7 has been selling well without the headphone jack, and that will continue with the iPhone 8. The future is wireless, and Apple knows that and is willing to hold their position. They didn’t go back on their decision to remove floppy disk drives, cd drives, or USB A ports and they won’t flip flop on this either. 
Yeah, it doesn’t make sense but it looks like Apple is keeping the lightning port until wireless charging is good enough to remove the charging port altogether. My estimate for that is either next year or the year after. 
You only have to wait a month, so just wait for the 8/7S. And if you don’t want one of those for some reason the 7 will be $100 cheaper after the next gen launches. 
The iPhone 7 should start at $550 and the 7+ at $670. 
This concept is amazing. I can’t decide between this concept and the combo multitasking concept. With all the extra functions in the HomeBar though I think this one wins for me. 
It looks like Apple will completely stop selling the 6S when the next iPhone comes out. Don’t buy the 6S now though because you could buy the 7 in a month for the same price as the 6S now. 
The 6S will be discontinued, but you will still be able to find it easily on eBay and Amazon. The iPhone 7/7+ will take the price of the 6S, so probably a cut of $100. 
Face ID is is rumored to work on flat surfaces at an angle to your face, and be faster and more secure than Touch ID, so really, why would you want Touch ID for anything other than those rare ultra-specific circumstances? And Touch ID would likely be on the back, so it would be easier to use face if than Touch ID when your phone isn’t in your hand. 
Not really. Most people don’t really wear a mask unless they’re skiing or something like that. If it’s just cold out you wear a jacket and gloves, but not a mask. 
Yay. My 6 isn’t new enough to have it, but I absolutely loved it the few times I’ve used a 6S or above.
You could also say that it isn’t very convenient to only have Touch ID because you might wear gloves as part of a costume or if it’s cold out, but we’ve had only Touch ID for years and everyone’s been fine with it. 
In that case, then yes, you would have to put in your passcode. Really though, how often is an average non-criminal person wearing a mask?
Yeah, your eyes would have to be open, and maybe face ID would be active the whole time while using the phone, so that if your phone is unlocked by your face and then someone steals it it would recognize their face and automatically lock again. 
Apparently it will work in the dark, and if you have a ski mask on you probably have gloves on too, so Touch ID wouldn’t work either. 
Why? If the rumors are true face ID will be faster and more secure than Touch ID. 
I believe that it will use forms of facial detection other than iris scanning, so it should work with sunglasses. I’m not an expert either though. 
But they could just replace Touch ID with face ID and everything would be the same except without Touch ID. 
Android flagships run android. That’s enough to keep me away from them. iOS is just so much better, more secure, and easier to use. 
I think the black status bar looks nice, but the notch really shows that there are almost no bezels. 
Yes?
Exactly. What reason would Apple have to put a white bezel on the iPhone 8? On earlier iPhones, it doesn’t matter as much because they aren’t OLED but now with black bezels the notch will blend in completely with a turned of top section of the OLED screen. 
It shouldn’t stop normal OTA updates if it doesn’t work, as it will just give you an error and nothing will happen (if I understand the tool correctly) and if it does work I don’t know if OTA’s would work but i would think so, and you could always DFU mode and update to 10.3.3 again. 
It’s working fine for me. 
That would be a nice little change. Now that I look at the icon closely, it does look a bit weird to have the sun still clear behind a cloud. 
As long as a device has Bluetooth, it can be paired to AirPods. Any device with iOS 10 or later will get the full functionality of AirPods with easy pairing and all that good stuff. So yes, they will work perfectly with the iPhone 6. 
Same thing happens to me. 
I don’t have AirPods, but with my EarPods I can hear them fine  just above half volume in an airplane, so it shouldn’t be hard to hear with AirPods. 
Yeah it seems to make it more accurate for me. 
Someone else must have had physical access to your device as I highly doubt it got a virus. It could also be that at some point you were in a public place and you accidentally accepted an airdrop from someone with that note file. 
I think it should be that icon with the current blue color of the safari icon as the background. 
Maybe If you wanted to return to the home screen without invoking multitasking first you could 3D Touch swipe up from the bottom of the screen, or a swipe up is the home screen and a 3D Touch swipe up is for control center/multitasking. This would allow you to get home or to multitasking without the use of a home button. 
Maybe If you wanted to return to the home screen without invoking multitasking first you could 3D Touch swipe up from the bottom of the screen, or a swipe up is the home screen and a 3D Touch swipe up is for control center/multitasking. 
I’m fine with the new App Store icon. The new one is more modern and simplistic. 
I doubt there will be an upgrade this year. EarPods got updated twice in fifteen years or so. 
You could try earhooks but those are just to improve fit, they don’t make them feel like in ear headphones.
Its working fine for me. 
There are also app shortcuts if you 3D Touch on an app icon on the home screen. 
This is an awesome concept. The opacity changes for white icons are subtle but very nice, and the iMessages icon looks great! I know it won’t happen, but this would be a great home screen change. 
Everything about AirPods makes me want AirPods. 
I like the App Store but maps looks weird
My phone usually lasts longer than a day, so I just plug it in when it gets below 20% and then charge it up and don’t plug it in again until I need to. 
Maybe use the last 70%??????
Is there a certificate you need to trust?
Yes, i believe it is deleting unnecessary cache files from the app. 
In Colorado I’ve only seen them once. 
I just think of the fire phone when I hear that. 
Your *. You’re is a contraction of you are, whereas your is referring to something a second person (you) owns. 
You’re mixing up the 7S and the 8/Edition. The 7S will still have bezels and a home button like the iPhone 7. 
I don’t think the iPad mini will ever be a top of the line device. It will instead be a cheaper, smaller version. Basically, the 2017 iPad sized down. 
If they do (which they probably won’t) the most that will change in how they look is probably the colors. 
Depends on how much you depend on your phone. It lags a bit sometimes on my 6, but battery life isn’t too bad. I would think it would run pretty smoothly on an iPhone 7. To be safe you can wait until the next beta in about a week. That will certainly have better battery life and be less buggy. 
I’m already on the beta and it’s working well, so yes. 
The shipping date will probably be pushed back a few months within a few minutes of when preorders go live. 
3D Touch/ Tap and hold on the screen recording button in control center And you’ll see it there. 
It probably is a bug. 
The only settings you can change are weather you can screen record from control center and whether or not it records audio. 
Because then you don’t get blinded while reading at night in safari. 
I think it is new in iOS 11, but most people don’t have it because it needs to be supported by the carrier. 
I love airdrop. It takes absolutely no time to transfer items and is way faster than email or iMessage, and it can handle bigger files than emails. 
Well you can just swipe up instead of double clicking if it only happens then instead of not using the switcher altogether. Also, it’s working fine on my iPad mini 2. 
I just use the stock one because it works fine for my multiple email accounts with different providers. 
Yes. Yes it is. 
Even if Apple is willing to work so hard for such a small payoff, there is still the issue of the computational power required to do this. It would probably make the phone pretty hot to be using all the cameras and sensors, creating a 3D Model, and adjusting it and then outputting it all in real time for probably up to half an hour at a time. 
This is reachability. It activates when ever you double tap (not click) the home button. You must be accidentally activating it. 
I’ve had my 6 for about a year and a half and Touch ID still looks and works great. 
I love EarPods. They fit my ears great and sound reasonably good. I’m thinking about getting AirPods now because the only problem I have with EarPods is the wires, as with any other pair of wired head phones. 
OH MY GOD IM GOING BACK TO IOS 10 JUST BECAUSE OF THAT
Harnwal
Seems like a lot of work for programmers at Apple and for your phone for a small payoff. 
#HASHTAG IPHONE8LEAKEDBYAPPLE

Again
But at some point Apple has to implement a dark mode, especially with OLED displays. With the Apple Watch and its OLED display, Apple only has a dark mode, so we should see a dark mode on iPhones when they switch to OLED. 
But you could easily also use Face ID for purchases. It would know that you are looking at the phone and then have a screen similar to the one now in iOS 11 with a “buy” button at the bottom. Then you couldn’t accidentally buy something. 
Yeah, I noticed that the first time I turned on my phone after the update and thought “Off to a great start already”
Yep, same thing happens for me. 
That’s my thought. I checked the App Store and saw that an app got an update “2m” ago, yet it wasn’t in my available or recent updates. 
No, it’s only in videos. Maybe next year though. 
I’m hoping an official dark mode will come with the announcement of the iPhone 8. 
Still happens on my iPhone 6 as well
It still happens some of the time for me. 
It could easily be replaced with face ID, in fact the increased number of areas where you need Touch ID could be because they will be replaced by face ID with it’s faster and more precise technology. 
That’s  exactly Apple’s thinking. Really though, how have you not heard all the rumors?
Why would anyone want to though?
Yes, but next years iPhone will be such a large upgrade from the seven that they don’t want to classify it as a partial “s” upgrade. In fact, chances are that it won’t even be a numbered phone but will instead have a special name such as Edition, Pro, or DE (For Decade Edition, although that name is the least likely). They will also be releasing a cheaper “7S” Model with the same design as the iPhone 7. 
It will probably be the wireless charging sound for the iPhone 8. 
Seems to be working for me. 
It must be your internet, mines fine. 
Performance is pretty good, and it should get better with beta 5 probably coming out today. My battery life is ok, but definitely worse than on iOS 10. 
I refuse to believe. 
Tomorrow. Although they released one of the iOS 11 betas on a Wednesday, every other beta has been on the Monday two weeks from the last update. 
It doesn’t matter. You can’t downgrade to an old firmware because Apple stops signing software about 2 weeks after a new version comes out. 
Same thing happens to me and it drives me insane. 
Yep. It should drop tomorrow!
#HASHTAG IPHONE8LEAKEDBYAPPLE 


Start the completely unnecessary hype
However, none of the cases we’ve seen have cutouts for the power button. 
I use the official reddit app. I’ve tried Narwhal and Antenna but they just don’t look as clean as the official app. 
No. The only chance for even minor changes are if Apple adds more colors, and even that is extremely unlikely. 
Happens to me with my messages sometimes, then after a while they go away. 
I have good signal strength, the connection itself is bad. 
I have, and it seems like it disconnects less, but auto-join still turns off by itself sometimes. 
Games with 3D Touch are awesome. The only ones I’ve really found that use it though are finger hero and impossible road. 
Yeah, the ProMotion display will be saved for top of the line devices like the iPad Pro and iPhone Edition/Pro/8
I highly doubt it. iOS devices aren’t very susceptible to hacking, and I think the only way to get a virus on iOS would be to install a malicious profile. You probably can’t get hacked by downloading an app from the App Store because Apple checks every app that gets submitted to go in the App Store. 
This is how Do not disturb while driving works. It detects when you’re in a car and assumes you’re driving, because there’s no way for it to know whether or not you are a passenger. 
I use it every chance I get because it’s so convenient, but not many stores in my area have Apple Pay. 
It’s from the contacts app. Part of a persons contact is their birthday. 
I get the same problem sometimes, and then it just goes away after a second. 
I’m also using an iPhone 6 and iPad Mini 2 on iOS 11. For me, everything works pretty well on the iPhone and beta 4 fixed the almost constant lag I had on my iPad. The iOS 11 experience has been great for me. 
You will as long as you back it up when iOS 11 is released to the public. Then your phone will be on the same version as your new phone so you can just restore your new phone to the back up. 
Bruh
Wait for the 8. Even if you don’t want to buy that, the 7 will get $100 cheaper. 
What reason could Apple possibly have for such an abomination?
There is literally no chance of those happening. We can dream though. 
Same thing on my iPad Mini 2. 
The same thing happens on the iPad Mini 2. It’s really annoying that Apple is starting to care less about the subtleties of older device’s user experience. The same thing happens when you restart a non Touch ID device. It says “passcode required after restart” even though you always have to enter your passcode. 
Same for my iPad mini 2
On iOS, you have to manually reset the data counter each month. In iOS 11 (coming out this September), Apple is adding support for this, but your individual carrier also has to support it. Your carrier probably has an app anyway that you can use to monitor your data, and it can probably send you alerts when you're close to your limit. 
Than what?
Ah thanks. Not such a great look. 
Same thing happens to me on iPad Mini 2. 
How? I just want to try it out. 
Sort of unrelated but since you’re a former Genius, what was the employee discount at Apple?
It is an advertisement. 
I think it’s a bug. The same thing is happening to me. 
It still seems pretty bad for me. 
Works fine for me. 
Edit: it works on my iPhone 6, but not on my iPad Mini 2. 
That would still be better than your current 5 year old laptop, and at a low price. 
It probably isn’t worth upgrading at this point. Everything lags and glitches out, even just opening apps because the mini 2 barely even supports iOS 11. You should update to iOS 10 though, it works great and doesn’t have any lag. 
I have a mini 2 as well and I’m on iOS 11 but it just doesn’t do much extra because all I can do is the regular slide-over type window. 
There’s no reason not to wait for the 8. It will be a great phone, and prices will probably drop $100 on older phones as well. 
Settings > Sounds > Change With Buttons
iOS 11 developer beta 3 build number ends in 318g whereas beta 2 ends i and beta 2 update one ends in j. I don’t remember what beta 1 was. 
Possibly, but it really makes no sense to remove this feature before the 8 comes out and on older devices. 
Not yet, but maybe I just haven’t used Maps on big enough roads yet. 
The only reason I can think of is if that gesture would somehow interfere with one of the iPhone 8’s features, such as the reduction of bezels on the sides which could mean that you might accidentally put pressure on the left side of the screen while holding the phone, but even that doesn’t seem super likely. 
I don’t have a CarPlay vehicle, but I’ve seen it on my phone. 
You’re welcome??
To working fine for me. 
TAILOSIVE TECH!! How long have you been watching his videos?
I am. It’s been running pretty well in general but beta 3 will be great to have. 
We probably will just be on a three year cycle now. There are only so many complete redesigns you can make. 
Yes, I think so. 
Same thing happens to me but wait a little while and it will show the storage. It’s working fine but just needs to be much faster. 
I think they will have the 7S, 7S+, and then the iPhone Edition. Then next year they will go back to releasing two iPhones, the 8 and 8+, which will have the Edition’s design. The reason that they will still have the old designs this year is because the iPhone Edition’s tech is still new and expensive, so people are not willing to pay that much. Next year, the tech in the iPhone Edition will be older and cheaper, so the 2018 iPhones will be improvements upon the Edition’s tech. There really isn’t any reason to keep three iPhones in the lineup after this year. 
iOS 11 public beta 1 is the same as developer beta 2, so yes. 
This has already been posted about. You can start to move the icon you want to have on one side and then tap the app you want fullscreen. The tapped app should launch and letting go of the dragged app will launch it on the side of the screen. 
It should have brought up a dialer, with “Emergency Call” on the top flipping between many different languages. From there you should just be able to dial 911. Maybe it does this so that you can call emergency services in areas where 911 is not the emergency phone number. 
Same for me. My iPad Mini two runs reasonably well (considering it’s a beta) on iOS 11. 
It’s the same look as Apple Pay, which has had that look for a while. Really it’s just Apple trying to unify the way Touch ID in apps looks, but maybe it could be preparation for the iPhone 8. 
Go to https://archive.org/web/ on your iDevice and search beta.applebetas.co and then go to the June 19th snapshot. Then just tap the iOS beta download button and you will be redirected to settings and you’ll get the profile. Then just follow the steps onscreen and restart and the update will be in settings. 
Yeah, go with the 7. The iPhone SE is outdated at this point and the iPhone 7 would be much faster and have many more features. 
However, if everyone on the beta submits feature requests to add it back they just might do it. 
I like iDrop News, but I also follow 9 to 5 Mac and other websites. 
Yeah, happens to me all the time and then it just gets stuck there. 
Just Settings > Messages > Text Message Forwarding. 
It’s a documented issue. Apple says turning your device off and on should fix it. 
I see it and it works on my iPhone 6 on iOS 11 beta 2. 
Everyone who wants an amazing phone. 
It doesn’t right now but Snapchat will probably stop that by the final release. 
Yeah, I have a six as well and it seems like Apple is starting to ignore us. However, you can pull up the 3D Touch menus by tapping and holding on a notification, so it’s basically the same as having a 3D Touch device for notifications. 
If you are on iOS 11, it is now a swipe up from the bottom, which brings up the dock. You can then drag an app from the dock to the side of the screen and it will overlay on top of the current app. 
I recently started carrying my phone raw after about a year with a big bulky case. Now my phone feel amazingly slim and great to hold!
Isn’t working for me. 
They’ve had it since at least iOS 10, if not earlier. 
Absolutely. Everything is smoother and faster in beta 2 than in beta 1, and the media player lock screen bug seems to be fixed!
How much are they?
It’s very unlikely that that would happen. If you’re installing OTA with a profile then I would say about the same odds as with a normal update, so basically 0. 
This is a known bug in the release notes of beta 2. Restarting should solve the issue. 
Agreed. All they have to do is add onscreen volume buttons and a shorter auto lock time for the lock screen when pulled down as notifications center. 
The same thing happened to me, so it must be a server issue. I just let it sit for half an hour or so and it worked. Patience seems to be key. 
Aah I see. 
How did you jailbreak a beta??
It’s working fine for me. What problems are you having with it?
It’s working really well for me on an iPhone 6, not much lag and battery life seems about the same as on iOS 10. 
Yeah, looks like its a “feature” but we can report it in the feedback app and maybe they’ll add it in again. 
Only in videos and safari, and I think it’s still gone there in beta 2. 
What’s up with the battery percentage? It looks like a jailbreak tweak. 
On my iPhone 6 it works pretty well as a daily driver so it should be fine on a 6S. 
I downloaded the iOS 11 profile from beta.applebetas.co and don't have any malware and iOS 11 is working perfectly. 
On 3D Touch devices before iOS 11 you could 3D Touch in from the left side and it would bring up the app switcher. 
For my iPhone 6 beta 1 ran quite well and beta 2 is downloading now, and it has to be better than beta 1. 
He just means they fixed a bug, and it is a post about a bug. 
Yeah you can report feature requests or bugs in the feedback app, so you could report it as a feature request since it doesn’t appear to be a bug. 
This actually happened twice to my sister on a run, so it makes sense that having it in a sweaty pocket could lock you out. 
Lots of people have the same problem and have posted about it. You can probably search the sí Reddit for “music player” and come up with about 20 posts with solutions. The only one that works for me though is restarting, but different things have worked for other people. 
Maybe you only get a reward if you submit a bug and Apple sees that it is a problem and implements it into the next beta. 
It’s a new feature, but sometimes it doesn’t work correctly. 
1. N/A
2. None
3. Yes
4. 5 minutes
That’s hilarious! Have you tried restarting?
It will automatically show up. Even after all the iOS 11 betas, future iOS 11.X beta updates will appear right in the settings app. 
Same thing happens to me. It can’t find my Apple TV unless I use the actual app. 
I think it was end of June/beginning of July. 
Apple announced that the public beta will be available at the beginning July. I am currently on iOS 11 on my iPhone 6 and it runs very well. However, on my older iPad mini 2 I had to downgrade back to iOS 10.3.2 because it kept crashing, had slow animations, lagged, and eventually went in to a boot loop. If you have an old device, you probably shouldn’t get beta 1, but it works fine as a daily driver on my phone. 
I usually restore and sell my old products. It brings in a bit of money to pay for a new one, and it sells pretty quickly. 
Dang I as soon as I saw a post about it I rushed to try and get it. Who tweeted about it?
No, it’s the same exact phone just sold this year instead of last year. Apple doesn’t market it any differently and there are no spec differences, just like the iPhone 7 in 2016 vs 2017. Still the same phone, just a different year. 
I hope it will happen today. All I really want from beta 2 is to fix the media player lock screen bug and themes see up orientation bug. 
Same things are happening to me. Sometimes if you make sure the phone is completely upright the status bar will go back to normal but my only fix for the music player is to restart, which isn’t a very good option when it keeps happening again and again. We just have to wait for the next beta, which will hopefully drop tomorrow.  
Ok, good to know. I can barely tell the difference between 30 FPS and 60 FPS so I was wondering if even less observant people such as myself would be able to see the difference. 
I came around 15k. I can’t believe that in the last month or so he’s already doubled his fan base!
Yes! I used that as the video to comment on hoping another Apple Sheep would be out there. 
Yeah, we can hope it will come to the iPhone 8/Edition, but it might remain an iPad exclusive feature. 
I just recently started going caseless with my iPhone, and I usually do set it down with the camera down. So far, I haven’t noticed any scratches on the camera lens, but it’s only been about a week or so. 
I’m not saying to buy a $5 unbranded Chinese knockoff. I’m saying that you can get a reputable brand with good safety features and reviews for a cheaper price than Apple’s first-party premium. 
You can probably just search eBay or Amazon for a 29 watt charger and easily find one for a much lower price. 
I would think the beta would be released today, but it could be delayed by a day because of WWDC. They do usually come out in two week intervals. 
There doesn’t seem to be a solution. I have the same problem, but we just have to wait for beta 2. 
I updated my iPhone and iPad mini OTA to iOS 11. My iPad mini was crashing, so I restored it and upgraded with an IPSW, which sent it in to a boot loop, so I had to go back to 10.3.2. On my iPhone 6, I updated OTA and never have any problems with it. Also, by installing the profile and updating OTA you will automatically get future beta updates right in settings with no need for a computer. This, in my mind, is a huge benefit to over the air updating along with not having to deal with finding an IPSW online. 
On my iPad mini 2 the same thing happens, but I can only notice it using invert colors in the settings app. And, it actually gets lighter to the side in invert colors mode, so it doesn’t seem like it’s the LCD itself. 
It works fine to update over the air. There doesn’t really seem to be much of a benefit to updating on a computer other than a backup, and you can back it up anyways. 
Siri tells me my age fine. If I ask her “how old am I?” She tells me how many years of “good living” I have behind me. Siri seems at least as smart in iOS 11 as in iOS 10. 
I have the same problem with the music player, but my lock screen and home screen wallpaper are the same so if something happened there I wouldn’t notice it. 
Update and side load the app. I jailbroke a while ago and it made my battery life worse and my phone slower, and I also couldn’t get any new updates. If all you need is an emulator then there’s no need to go through the trouble of a jailbreak. 
Just get the profile for iOS 11 and then after you restart the update will be available in settings. 
Ipsw.me download the ipsw for your device and then shift click update and select the file. 
The same bugs happen to me! It just takes up screen space and nothing works to make it go away except restarting. 
Doesn’t work for me. 
You don’t need to buy a UDID. Just go to beta.applebetas.co. 
Yes, in iOS 11 you can set each AirPod to be play/pause, skip, or rewind. 
Yeah, someone posted about the same thing a little while ago. It makes perfect sense that that would be for the iPhone 8 because it ends up being really annoying on my iPhone 6 to have to remember to put on my fingerprint before I can tap a notification.  I prefer when it let you tap the notification and then came up with a password screen as a clear indicator of what to do. With the iPhone 8 though, having that feature will make the experience easier and more seamless. 
Yeah, the status bar combined with the sensor hub just makes perfect sense. There’s not reason Apple wouldn’t do that. 
You can download it from ipsw.me or some other site. Then just shift click on restore and select the file. 
I had the same problem with my iPad Mini 2 on iOS 11. For me it just fixed it to keep unplugging and plugging it in to different wall adapters and charging cables, then eventually it started working with any  cable and block I used. I'm sorry I don't have any more helpful advice.
Apple forgot to update the feedback app for iOS 11. It looks the same to everyone, and Apple should have it fixed in the second beta. 
 Believe when you set a new wallpaper you can turn on or off “perspective” or something like that. 
I posted about the same problem a while ago. A lot of people had responses, but for me the only thing that worked was to restart. People said it works to clear the ram for some people on my post. 
It’s currently in developer beta. The public beta will be released at the beginning of July, and the final official release will be in September. If you want to you can get the developer beta without being a developer, but be warned that right now iOS 11 is quite buggy. 
OH GOD!
Yeah it’s purposeful. They want older users to be able to use all software features. 
Wait for the 8 if you can. If not, go with the 7. 
What’s wrong with this? It needs notifications for the banner telling you that it saved the recording to settings. 
Yes, you just long press in place of 3D Touch. It’s very interesting how many places 3D Touch could be replaced by long pressing. Even though 3D Touch did actually add a lot of features, most could be easily done with a long press but just weren’t implemented before the 6S
I absolutely love the new iPad features with multitasking. 
This happens to me too. The home screen is supposed to rotate now, but it isn’t working well. 
There is also a possibility that they add that in a later beta, although it probably isn’t likely. 
iOS 11 will include a “Do not disturb while driving” which can detect when you’re driving and send auto replies. Officially, iOS 11 will be released in September. The developer beta one is available now, but it is buggy, the public beta will be available at the beginning of July if you want to get a pretty stable release early. 
The videos app has been replaced by the TV app. 
Download the ipsw for the device from ipsw.me or somewhere similar to your computer and then plug in your device and shift click (windows) or alt click (I think) for Mac on update. 
I think you’re talking about the AirPods case. 
Wait for September because as well as there being new phones, the price of older ones such as the 7+ will go down. Either way it’s a better deal to wait. 
I had the same exact issue on my iPad Mini 2. It was on about 5%, so I started charging it and then at 30% it just randomly rebooted and then worked fine. Is yours on low battery?
I for some reason can’t really notice the difference from 30 to 60 FPS, so I probably wouldn’t notice 60 to 120 either. OLED for me. 
Same for me. 
Not a bug. They want to give all social media services an even playing field. 
It’s supposed to go to landscape, the placement of the time and date is just off at some times. 
They just made the spacing even. If you have 3 apps in the dock then they’re still evenly space but there isn’t enough room in the middle for a home button. 
Vibration motor. The Taptic Engine accomplishes the same purpose of making the phone vibrate. 
I guess. It’s just such an outdated browser though. 
We know so much about them already, why wait?
Just look at how correct the leaks and rumors were last year. 
I don’t think the OS views it as a silent video. It just sees a video and pauses your music. 
Why would you want IE on Mac? Windows doesn’t even use that anymore!
It is on all devices. Applies to the home screen as well but I haven’t gotten that working. 
I think it will be on Monday June 19th
Did you jailbreak on iOS 10? I ran into the same problem getting a 10.3.3 beta and I had to restore to a backup to get it working again. 
They have a Horizon Machine which alows them to safely break the bond between a Touch ID sensor and it’s motherboard, so yes. 
Yes, should be. 
I think a few people have posted about it before and it’s in a lot of hidden changes YouTube videos. 
I think the sale is usually in June or July, so it should be coming up. 
1. Definitely. I use a twelve watt charger for my phone and it charges about twice as fast is the included 5 watt charger. 
2. That sounds about right, but I have an iPhone 6 so  it doesn’t have 4K recording so I can’t tell. 
3. I don’t know, sorry. 
Just look up “iPhone 8 leaks” and you’ll get a bunch of leaked schematics, images, cases, dummy models, and other reports. 
There’s so much information from so many sources that you can’t list them all. 
I haven’t but it could be that I’m on a six so my Taptic Engine isn’t as advanced. 
And yet we know so much about them. 
I guess that makes sense. 
That would be awesome and it seems like it could happen but it might cost a lot to use the Touch ID tech throughout the entire screen. 
It isn’t that they just haven’t updated the app for iOS 11. 
Use a spring from a pen next time to help stop that from happening. 
Yeah it’s Game Center. Removed in iOS 10 but it is still a subtitle in settings. 
No I think they’ll arrive in stores tuesday
The new control center is great. Not only is it all on one page, but it adds customizability and options with a nice new design. 
The new iPads shouldn’t be in stores yet. How did you see one? Where you at WWDC and only talked about it now?
They don’t announce the back to school promo ahead of time. I think it was in June last year and July the year before. 
If the problem is just that a ribbon is loose, which seems rather unlikely to me (although I have no knowledge of the tech inside iPhones) then yes you could just take it apart. 
Yes I’ll fix that. Thanks. 
That’s one of the best features of iOS for incoming android users. 
I think all the betas are part of the dev preview. 
Yeah me too! I posted in /r/AirPods asking if anyone thought AirPods would come with the iPhone 8 and no one thought it would happen. Here’s to hoping though!
There is an update to betas about every two weeks, so I think we’ll see iOS 11 beta 2 on Monday the 19th. 
I think the charging icon is the same. But it’s probably too complicated for the bot to see both the percentage and whether or not it’s charging. 
Seems about the same. 
Alright, thanks. 
When I want the dock I always get the dock, but sometimes it takes two tries to get to multitasking/control center. It isn’t too much of a hassle though. 
There is non really. Swiping up a little bit brings up the dock, whereas swiping all the way from the bottom to the top brings up multitasking/control center. Swiping up again after bringing up the dock also accesses multitasking/control center. 
Depends on your device. For my 6 the beta works pretty well, but some 7’s have been having problems and others are handling it great. It’s really hard to tell how your device will handle iOS 11. 
Something like that is probably supposed to happen so that you can’t share it with others without them having a Netflix membership. 
I got an Amazon basics twelve watt adapter for $7 and it works great to charge my phone quickly. Also, how did you get “iPhone 7 plus 128GB” to appear next to your username?
I don’t think there’s any way. That’s way people barely ever switch music services since you have to manually add all your songs again. 
How did you apply for that scholarship? It sounds amazing!
Yes, absolutely! They’re subtle changes, yet every time I open an app or turn on my phone I’m reminded that I’m on a new operating system and it just makes my phone feel new again. That’s what I love about Apple-you get a new major update every year and receive on time no matter what device you’re on (cough couch Android). 
Beginning of July, end of the month. Only two days away so I thought I was safe to be a bit off. 
Makes sense. 
Well it is charging ya bot!
Depends on your needs. I’m on summer vacation so I don’t really need everything to work super fast and fluidly. In general though, I’d say you can get it now reasonably safely, but it would definitely be a safer bet to just wait an additional week for beta 2. I wish I could help more but you really need to asses your needs as a user and think about whether or not you can deal with a bit of lag and crashes. 
I have a mini 2 and it does indeed only have slide over with the first app greyed out. Sounds about right for everything else as well. 
I have an iPad Mini 2 and iPhone 6. Both are on iOS 11, but the iPad Mini isn’t doing too well. Lots of lag everywhere, along with lots of crashes. But on my iPhone 6, it really does work pretty well. 
Yes, exactly what I was trying to get at! People are always complaining about how much the next iPhone is going to cost and about how expensive flagship phones are in general. 

70 years ago there was one computer in existence, and it weighed 50 tons and took up thousands of square feet. The first personal computer was invented in 1975 and had 256 bytes of ram. Not megabytes or gigabytes, but bytes. 

The iPhone 7 now has 2 gigabytes of RAM, 7,812,500 times the amount a personal computer had 40 years ago. The original Macintosh from 1984 had 64 kilobytes of RAM. The iPhone 7 has 31,250 times that amount of power. That amount of improvement is unheard of in any other industry, and as well as computers getting smaller, they can now fit in our pockets. Yet, people still complain about the price of these wonders in our pockets. 
It might be. I had both my iPad and iPhone jailbroken on iOS 10 and then had a similar error getting iOS 10.3.3 beta. I think I did have to completely restore to a backup to stop getting errors. iOS 11 really is worth it though. 
For me the dev beta works ok as a daily driver with not too many bugs so the public beta coming out at the end of the month should be absolutely fine for daily driver use. 
Yeah I don’t think you could do that before. Cool!
My price limit is pretty low. I mean, for just an iPhone with amazing revolutionary features which will dominate the market, $1,000 is just way to much. There is no way a computer that fits in your pocket and is an amazing technological feat should cost as much as a large, bulky laptop. Something so technically advanced that would have cost $50,000 30 years ago should never have a price above $100, let alone $1,000!
(That was all sarcasm if you couldn’t tell. There is no cost limit for the iPhone 8/Edition for me)
It looks fine to me. Maybe my eyes just aren’t as good as yours. 
Doesn’t seem to work for me. 
For me, everything worked fine but now control and notification centers won’t appear on Reddit only. Weird. 
I guess they just haven’t updated that screenshot yet since you are in the display zoom window. 
Ok, makes sense. 
If you can wait a few months, the iPhone 8 will be a giant upgrade, and the 7S will still be a pretty good one. Even if you don’t get the 7S or 8, the price of the iPhone 7 will go down. You should definitely wait if you can. 
Well, this is one of the risks you take when testing a beta. Are the bugs really so bad for you that you want to go back?
Works on iPhone 6. 
Also, how often do you really need to check the time while using the phone? It wouldn’t be much of an inconvenience to just slide down on the rare occasion you actually need to see it. It really makes sense to combine the sensors with the status bar. 
Yeah, definitely. There’s no way Apple wouldn’t combine the status bar and sensor hub. However, the space the cameras and sensors take up used to be where the time was, so where will Apple put that?
I personally love the iOS 7 and later look. It seems newer and more sleek. 
It’s supposed to rotate, the status bar just didn’t rotate with it. That’s the bug. 
I’m not sure unless you have them backed up in iCloud, in which case they would already be back on your device. Sorry. 
Go to Ipsw.me and download the ipsw for your device, then backup and plug in the device. Go to iTunes and shift click update on windows or alt click on Mac and choose the ipsw, then it will downgrade to iOS 10. 
I’d say Monday the 19th, two weeks after the release of beta 1. 
There is still iOS 10.3.3 beta though, so they are looking at it. I had 10.3.3 beta before I got the iOS 11 beta, and there was still the feedback app for reporting bugs. 
Apple has to still be looking at iOS 10 bugs because there is still the iOS 10.3.3 beta. At least they’ll see it there. The only other options are to not report bugs or file under iOS 9, which no one is looking at since there are no active betas of it. I was on iOS 10.3.3 beta before this and it had the feedback app, so they are looking at reports from the iOS 10 section. 
Yeah, I’m just trying to give myself a small glimmer of hope. I think they have to include at least some sort of wireless headphones in a few years when they remove all ports though. 
Same thing so I’ve just been sending feedback under iOS 10 and putting iOS 11 in the title. 
Usually every two weeks. 
From Apple they take 6 weeks to get there but if you are willing to wait that long then it’s the cheapest price I’ve seen. 
Yeah same thing on my iPad Mini 2. Just submit a bug report and hope they fix it in the second beta. 
iOS 11 is running well on my iPhone 6, not too many crashes or bugs, but my battery life is running down quicker now. 
I have the same problem and posted about it. A lot of people responded with different solutions, but for me rebooting isn’t a good one because it comes back again after a little bit. Some people commented on my post suggesting a lot of good fixes that might work for you. 
I remember I found that feature years ago but had no use for it, but now I had completely forgotten about it but I’ve been looking for a way to put music on a timer without an app. 
I have the same problem and posted about it. A lot of people have had different solutions, but it’s hard to tell what works and what doesn’t as the player will sometimes just randomly stop being on the lock screen and then come back after a little bit. 
I bet they’ll go with iPhone Edition because there will be the regular 7S and 7S+, and then the Edition will just be a one time thing, a one time EDITION to the iPhone lineup. After that, they will go to the iPhone 8 next year with two sizes and improvements on the features of this years Edition. The Edition phone will be like a glimpse in to the future, but no iPhone lineups after that will have 3 models. If Apple were to go with a Pro name, that would suggest that each year would have three models, which is really impossible because they can’t implement a new design each year as well as keeping the old one. There is just no way to come up with new designs that are actually good that fast. 
You’re probably right but I can hope. 
However, it could be that because you are paying so much for a premium phone, it comes with premium headphones. But I think you’re right-I just really want to be able to hope for free AirPods with my next iPhone. 
Interesting. I don’t have 3D Touch so I’ve never seen it before. That could be quite useful!
And iOS 11 beta if you want
They might just make sure to work out every single bug for the things they’ll be doing in the demo so that it doesn’t crash, or they may just hope it works. 
I think the iPad Pros will be available on Monday. 
Yeah that’s surprising. In the images of the 10.5” it looks like the bezels are almost the same size as other iPads. 
Yeah if you don’t really need a lot of screen real estate than an iPad Mini is a good way to go. You get a much lighter feel and you can easily hold it in one hand. Sometimes if you have large pockets a mini can even fit in there. 
I definitely agree about predictive text. I think it was suppose to become a lot smarter in iOS 9 and learn about the way you talk to people, and it works sometimes, but a lot of the time it still suggests “yes” or something as a response to “how are you”. 
Yeah you get a deal when you buy a cellular plan as well but I’m guessing the iPad mini doesn’t have a cell plan. 
I only get crashes randomly every once in a while. You might want to try force restarting (volume down and power until Apple logo appears). 
I can’t access it from the notifications center because that just pulls down to whatever I was doing  but from the actual lock screen I can access control center. 
Yeah I’m pretty sure it’s new in iOS 11
Ok, thanks
It is a good idea to rename it, but people already know about FaceTime, so it makes sense that FaceTime audio is an extension of that. 
Why would you need that when you can just swipe with two fingers or 3D Touch on the keyboard to easily move the cursor around text?
The beta is awesome to try out and experiment with, but it’s buggy so if that really annoys you then don’t. 
I would think so. 
I’ve had the same problem and I posted about it. Someone suggested to play a song in the Apple Music app and then close out of it. It worked for me because it seems like Apple just doesn’t have third party media integration down yet. 
Yeah that works well. 
Oh I didn’t know that. 
Maybe just wait and see if the fix it in beta 2. If you really want it you could try restoring your phone and updating to iOS 11. 
Same on iPhone 6
Yeah when I went to download an app it was a refreshingly new touch to iOS. 
Seems to happen in a lot of places. 
If you’re on iOS 11 just go to the Bluetooth settings of the AirPods and the options will be there. 
It’s also in third party apps, so that’s nice. 
WOOOOPS
I have no idea—My phone is a 6 so I don’t have 3D Touch. 
Putting the phone in recovery mode you would probably push both volume buttons for five seconds or something until they make the volume buttons digital too, at which point it would be difficult to do anything if your phone has a big problem. 
That doesn’t work. Restarting does sometimes, but not always. 
Restarting works some of the time, but not always. And, when it does work as soon as I go to YouTube or any media and turn of my phone afterwards it will be there again. Might just an beta 1 bug that I can’t permanently fix for now. 
I’m staying on the iOS 11 beta because it’s definitely a great addition to iOS and the bugs aren’t too bad. 
Yeah, for people who need those specs, the iMac Pro is certainly a good deal. 
I feel like people would still want a way to just quickly turn off their phone, but I can definitely see Apple doing that. It would help with waterproofing and help them move towards a not only portless but also buttonless future
Yeah me too. I just swipe up from the bottom of the screen and I’m back to whatever I’m doing. 
Yeah it’s kind of a hidden feature. Not many people know about it even though it’s been there for a while. 
However, most people don’t need something with as high specs as the iMac Pro. If you do need those specs, the iMac Pro is an amazing deal. For the everyday user, however, the iMac Pro is just completely unnecessarily overpowered and they would be much better off with a $1,500 iMac. 
Although I can’t disagree with you that there’s no reason not to add mouse support, there is a feature to help with text selection and repositioning. If you 3D Touch on an iPhone or use two fingers on the keyboard of an iPad, you can easily mover where you are typing. 
She’s just deprived of human touch so she’s reaching out. 
However, the point of iOS is to not need a mouse. All the buttons in iOS are made specifically to be used on a touch interface. Also, touch can also be much faster than using a mouse because you don’t have to move the cursor over to each button, but can instead just tap the button. 
I’ve definitely noticed my battery is running down much quicker now that I’m on the beta. I’m not sure quite how much though. 
Yeah it will only be in the “function bar” area at the bottom of the screen. 
In iOS 11 I just found and redownloaded the Home app from the App Store. Works fine for me. 
On my iPhone 6 there hasn’t been much lag but on my old iPad Mini 2 there’s lag in every animation and apps take forever to load. I guess that’s just because it’s an old device. 
Same thing happens to me. On my iPhone it works perfectly and orientation is correct in screen recordings but on my iPad it’s all flipped. You would think Apple would have fixed such a simple bug with internal testing but maybe they just had to push the first beta out. 
Yeah, and then moving from the lock screen in to the device the lock screen lifts up into the status bar as the Notification Center. 
I like the design, and I think if Apple is feeling nice they might let us completely organize the entire control center ourselves. Then we could have it in a way that makes sense to us. 
When I first saw it in a video thumbnail I was like “why did they put the iPhone 7 in the thumbnail of a completely different video??”  Someone probably just put the One Plus logo on to the iPhone 7 and called it a concept though. There is no way that was actually designed from scratch as a realistic look at the phone. There are a few small differences but still. 
However, maybe the reason AirPods are very hard to get is because a lot of the ones getting made are going to the iPhone 8. AirPods are a premium product, but so is the next iPhone. The next iPhone is going to be such a step up from the current one and will be so premium that AirPods could be included as a part of the iPhone 8 experience. 
My 6 got hot right after I installed iOS 11 and was charging as well as looking around but I’ve been on iOS 11 for a while now and haven’t had any issues since. 
Weird. I don’t really know what could be going on. 
If you really want the jailbreak you probably shouldn’t go to the beta. They’re bound to stop signing 10.3.1 soon since it was released so long ago. 
You went to Bluetooth and found your AirPods right?
It probably won’t be signed for much longer since
iOS 10.3.2 is already out. Why do you want 10.3.1? Are you holding out hope for a jailbreak?
I think it’s definitely a big upgrade from the last one. It’s just so unintuitive to have to swipe over from one slide of control center to the other. My dad always accidentally switches from one slide to the other on iOS 20 and can’t figure out how to get back. With iOS 11 at least everything is clear and user friendly. 
I’ve definitely thought about that before. It makes sense that the Siri icon could fit on the home button, and it could even be there all the time. It might change slowly in order to prevent OLED display burnout as well if the home button would always be on. 