I'm with you, Bloodborne wasn't really fun
I had the same problem. It was my router. Got a new one and the problem disappeared for me.

Also had the weirdness with the 2.4 GHz band working better.
Just got Bloodborne for free last month. Really doesn't compare to Horizon or this God of War. I'm probably in the minority though, just didn't find it that fun.
How often are you looking at the sidebar?  Everything can't be front and center and I'd wager the sidebar is infrequently used for most people.
My go-to for stalkers. Fuck those guys
If I remember correctly, keeping track of read stories was a gold feature and not something devs are allowed to implement on their own.
What device are you using to put the kids in bed? /s
I'm a software developer in the Netherlands. Salaries are decent and you don't need Dutch. There's a big shortage of developers as well. The 30% ruling also helps a lot for expats, 30% of your income is not taxed.

Plenty of jobs in just about any city with great public transportation. Feel free to pm me if you want to hear more.
Well if you actually read them, you can use the red button in the middle to clear all 'read' stories from your list.
(The one with the 3 lines slightly off kilter)
Got two of them, live in Rotterdam.
As someone who implemented push notifications for my company as a first time developer with FCM, it is a hell of a lot easier than you are making it sound. Took me a few days to get it perfect and I'd say I am fairly average and had zero firebase knowledge before. Yes, we also did have quite a few of users (not Reddit level but scaling shouldn't be too difficult)

Regardless... It's probably not a priority of theirs.
This is one my favorites in this sub ever. Super high quality too. It really captures the mood.
I'm curious what bugs, I must just be so used to it now that I don't notice them anymore.
More or less already there, you just need to select it for all the available types in the options menu.

Settings -> Behavior -> Posts then choose 'Comments and Link Externally'
Where did you post it?
You can emulate the WiiU version quite well on a PC.
Totally agree on the controls. Total garbage, especially the swimming.
Fuck
Out with a fracture... :(
God damn it, what the fuck. Every time it seems like we might do well, we get some stupid injury. Shit.
Wrong guy
Sorry, perhaps my comment was unclear. I was trying to say that the developer could create the ability to swipe in different directions to open different apps within a folder. It was just a suggestion that does not exist yet as far as I know.
The Netherlands might be an option for you. Majority of jobs are in English, they offer a highly skilled migrant visa and there are plenty of IT jobs.
How would you open the folder then? Perhaps they could implement swiping in different directions for different apps...
I actually liked it. Not sure why the other person disliked it so much, the grappling hook was fun and so was changing between the two assassin's with different skills. I played 1 up to revelations and I still had a good time with it.
It's not ideal... But you can start the movie from your phone and then use the Google Home to control volume, play/pause, skip ahead/go back x minutes etc
Not sure if the craze has died down since I was there... But you may need to get a reservation quite a few days in advance. Highly recommended and I'm not vegan or vegetarian.
Isn't it better to pay per game if you are taking your time...?
Never one experienced this. Care to provide a bit more info?
Disagree about Nova, they lost to another unranked team this week, why didn't they drop more is the question?
As someone who uses both,  I prefer relay by a long shot.
I'm an American already living here since mid 2015. Have you tried funda.nl? They have an English version of their site and a map view.

E.g.
https://www.funda.nl/en/kaart/huur/rotterdam/700-1500/+2km/?zoom=10&center=51.9280363194429,4.495752999999922

Not sure what your price range is or what kind of place you are looking for. I live near the Kralingse bos (big forest surrounding a lake) in the Northeast corner of the city. Really ideal place for someone with a dog.

Feel free to pm me if you have more specific questions or want to grab a drink/coffee when you arrive.

I'm curious how you are handling the visa situation.
Have you played with one before? I bought an S7 edge and returned it after a week for a regular S7. I hear the edge is better now on the note and S8 series but man was it annoying using the S7 edge. So many mis-presses and grazes.  Maybe I just needed a case but that sort defeats the purpose of it. None of the edge features at the time seemed useful to me either.
Make some more free throws
Might have been referring to two months membership for two people + personal training?
Except he passes the ball forward... So it would be an illegal pass in American Football...

To clarify I think it is a legal play in football (soccer) but not in American football.
Anyone else read it as ‘resigns’ and wonder why there was an end date... like he quits until then?
You have the exact playlist you want to listen to in the shower always queued up? You'd never have to search for it? Your Bluetooth never messes up or delays on connect? You never have to charge your Bluetooth speaker? 

Come on man...

I'd also like to see a list of waterproof Bluetooth speakers that sound better for way less. My mini was 29 dollars.
The mini can probably already run off an external battery. It uses micro usb for power. Pretty sure I saw someone trying that already on this sub. 
Big 12 is overrated for sure. Not sure how you could deny that after this challenge. It wasn't even their bottom feeders letting them down. Their top teams lost as well.
I've set up the backdrop thing to use one of my Google Photos albums. It rotates the pictures randomly from there. I chose an album my wife and I both add pictures into and update on a regular basis.

It's also a good way to share pictures to your family (create a shared album and then use that as your only backdrop album). I have it setup on my parents Chromecast so they get random recent pictures of me and my family.

I never ask it to display an album explicitly via the casting, for that I just pick and choose via my phone which is probably better for showing to people any way.
Definitely keep it as GV. Super useful if you ever need to call the US or provide a US number for registration etc. 
Housing in the RTP is not insane at all. What are you talking about?
Cant you just use custom shortcuts in the Google App directly for this?

You can write what you want to say, and then rewrite the phrase google should execute...
We already beat them. Please no rematch!
Auto connecting Bluetooth audio?
How is the Google home an option but not the Chromecast audio?
Isn't the most teams in the tournament a pretty good measure of best top to bottom conference...?
You misspelled ACC

Edit: touchy bunch of fans in the Big12. So much for reddiquette
You make a good point, right on the disc.
Love Brothers, got it free for PS3 vis PlayStation plus back in the day. Not too long but it has stayed with me.
Yes
Why not just change the audio of the guy after recording 3 throws..

Damn impressive how close he can get. 26-27 was automatic for him it seemed.
Certainly the keyboard. You just set up the keys that match the wiiu controller... Not sure about the mouse but I'd think it was possible since it is just emulating controls anyway.

Edit: looks a bit complicated but it is possible: https://www.reddit.com/r/cemu/comments/5zn0xa/autohotkey_script_to_use_mouse_for_camera/
You can control Spotify directly with the Google Home mini if it is playing on a Google home mini or Chromecast audio (or groups of those). Play, pause, next, shuffle etc. Turn the volume up and down. Play a specific artist or play list.

Not sure about controlling while it is playing on a computer... But at that point it's probably better to grab a Chromecast audio and hook that up to your speakers. 


If you multiple Chromecast audios or Google homes, you can create groups which allows the same music to be playing on multiple speakers/rooms at the  same time. Boom, easy surround sound for the room/house.
That would have been some nice context in the post. Just said he came up short of the podium.
I love all my Samsung phones but you are full of shit 
Is this a joke? Oreo accounts for 0.5% of Android users at the moment.

https://developer.android.com/about/dashboards/index.html

I mean sure... Your statement is still technically correct but it's an odd thing to say.
Barsbys meaningless putt vs Ricky's playoff extending putt... How is that even a competition at this point? Or is the situation not supposed to be accounted for in the vote?
The Google Home App? If you go into the settings on your Google home, you can access 'shortcuts' where you pick a custom phrase and then tell it what you want it to do. There has been support for 'and' fairly recently that lets you chain two commands together. So you can do the repeat after me command and then a command to play the music.
That would make a great photoshop
Please post an example. Should be easy with 90% not working.
I mean you can control the casted items volume (within the context of the video). Just not the overall volume of the TV. So if you only watch via the Chromecast, it can sorta do what you want.
Mine used to chime and say it had a reminder for my name... It stopped doing that about a week ago. Maybe they are tinkering on the back end
This also works for me with Spotify
Sooo staggering... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3h1airXSOB8
100% agree with you. After play Horizon and Shadow of Mordor, something just feels off with the controls. Not to mention the swimming. Holy shit, that well mission in the beginning where you have to swim out. So frustrating

Playing on PS4. Still struggling through since it seems interesting
Been using it in Hangouts for years. I didn't even know there was still a dedicated voice app anymore.
You used to be able on get it back by changing your phones language to US Virgin islands or something since assistant was not available there yet. Not sure if that method still works

Edit: just tried it on my S7 with nougat, reverts as expected. See here http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/how-revert-google-assistant-now-tap-1611038
You did this just BEFORE Sinterklaas? Interesting tactics.

Ik woon in Nederland ook.
Mine changes as soon as I back out of settings. The screen will seem like it lags for a few seconds. My screen turns black but that might just be the dark theme.

So I changed the view type then hit my back button twice and it changes for me.

**Device information:**

    Relay Version: 8.2.76 Pro

    Phone: Samsung SM-G930F (Galaxy S7)
    Android Version: 7.0 (24)
    Device (product): herolte (heroltexx)
    Rom: NRD90M.G930FXXU1DQJ1


This gets pointed out in almost all of his videos
I didn't read everyone's replies all the way through... But what color discs are you using? I like pink, especially neon pink for shots where there is danger of going into something like that, makes it so much easier to find.
>I am not a rich man

Proceeds to name about 7-8 phones he had between my last upgrade.

Seriously though, nice review
Just change all your button behaviors to open comments only. 
Nice find! His Instagram is filled with gems.
Thanks for the sources.
Better yet, just give us the ability to create our own passthrough url patterns. Then you don't have people requesting new stuff every month, they can just configure it themselves.
How many hours of use have you gotten from this app? Your 5 bucks or whatever you paid doesn't guarantee you an audience with the dev.
Source? My parents both had good increases in those years.
As far I can tell, this is the source of the image... not sure who did the animation
https://theredrussian.deviantart.com/art/While-Sailing-Through-the-Thoughs-if-my-Imaginatio-377440967

and his instagram
https://www.instagram.com/ramon_bruin/
One of the coolest I've seen on this sub.
Just get a Chromecast. Cast your screen or chrome tab to the TV and use whatever service you want.
Scratching pad*
I had a similar problem back in 2011. Then I just wrote "Raleigh NC" on my resume as my address so they'd think I was local. I was planning on moving there regardless because of my gf so they knew they wouldn't have to help with relocation.

I don't really see the point of actually having an address there. Nothing was sent in the mail
Not sure if they have it, but you could check out https://www.grandasiamarket.com/

They have a restaurant/bakery or maybe some kind of pre-prepared version.
I'd also like to know where you got an S8 for 300
Chromecast extension for Google chrome. You can cast tabs or your whole screen.
Tell her everything is cool, then just don't show up. If she responds, just tell her your are 10 min away. Repeat as needed
Now THIS is what this sub is about.
People forget/misinterpret the premise of this sub, most pictures don't really belong here but are upvoted because cat.
I'm curious what is motivating you to want to live in Rotterdam over Leiden? Have you already been for a visit?

Adding 2 hrs of commute a day should have a reason in my opinion.
Bought all mine at AH in Kralingen. Carved 6 this year :). The flower shop there also has them but they are a bit pricier.
If you find one let us know.
I didn't realize that was a thing people would miss. All the signs are there. Maybe my brain is just trained to look for them from my Zelda days.
Maybe you have to know the series... but this trailer was quite underwhelming.

I'm wondering who was in charge of the guy standing on the right side of the screen around 0:15 who is frozen... then starts to move and collides in glitchy fashion at 0:22.

This trailer seemed low budget to me.
To be fair... We are both cupcakes
If he never lost to Nadal those 13 times, it would improve his argument for being better than Nadal.
In the matches played*
If Federer was leading the head-to-head because they never played on clay, he'd certainly have a better argument that he is better than Nadal when they played each other...

Fact is Nadal is a bad matchup for Federer. Federer can still be one of the greatest and still get beat by another tennis great more often than not. I don't see why Fed fans are so defensive about this.
You're going to have a hard time getting a company to sponsor you in that line of work. Also you'd probably need to speak Dutch. Why do you want to come to the Netherlands specifically?
This is a huge false equivalency
Or the different eras of tennis where many more people were able to become professional players...
And yet only clawed his way back to being ahead on non-clay against a "maybe top 10 off" this year. 

No way Fed is #2 on clay. Djokovic was better on clay than him.

I'm not arguing GOAT, only stating Nadals clear dominance over Federer.
I'm not having an argument about GOAT just that people try to write off Nadals dominance of Federer on clay and equal footing on other surfaces. Sure maybe he didn't make it to the finals/semis against Federer on non-clay but what about the times they actually did meet where Nadal was actually ahead in the head to head until this year. If Federer would have easily won those non-existent matches, I'd have expected him to be more dominant in the non-clay match ups they did have. To try to extrapolate data as if Federer would have dominated those matches doesn't make much sense.

This is a matchup issue. Nadal has a game that gives Federer trouble. He has dominated this rivalry with the matches that have been played.
I really don't understand this argument. They met the times they met... What did it matter if it was deep in the tournament or not. Are you attempting to imply Federer would have an advantage in those situations? The simple facts are they are very close in non-clay with Nadal actually leading that for a long time anyway and it is no contest on clay. This "he never got deep in grass tournaments" is not a sound argument.
Clay's not a real surface, we should probably just not count matches there.. /s 
Williams competition was far superior.
God I hate these Federer fans who just downvote you even though you are adding to the discussion. Nadal is basically equal on surfaces other than clay..  and for a long time had an advantage there... And then he just murders Federer on clay... It's much less of an equal rivalry than people let on..  but then there are the Federer GOAT people where he can do no wrong and owns everyone despite evidence to the contrary.
Only just happened this year that Fed took the non-clay advantage. They are basically equal on surfaces other than clay. Obviously Fed has a slight advantage on grass but not nearly the same as Nadal on clay.
I appreciate the effort. Thanks
I read your whole post, where were the sources? No links or even a mention of where you copy pasted that stuff from. I'm genuinely interested in checking your sources out.
This is my favorite in the thread. Well done.
Probably not much going on at the airport.
Remote play to the PS4 works pretty great for when I want to play in bed...
You need an American number to obtain/confirm the Google Voice number but after that it is tied to your Google account and you can use whatever sim you want (or no sim at all, you just need an internet connection)

It gives you free calling to the USA and Canada as well as a number people can call you on.

There are ways of getting a Google Voice number via some VoIP techniques if you are not in the US but it was a bit harder the last time I tried it.
I disagree. There was enough white men who couldn't vote for a woman to tip the scales. There wasn't much enthusiasm behind Hillary. I think Bernie would have curb stomped Trump. 
Buy an old Wii, you can play Wii games, GameCube games and emulate everything else (N64, SNES, NES). 
I didn't see anyone else mention it... But I'm pretty sure England had very strict laws regarding bringing pets. My parents brought their dog with them and it was in quarantine for 6 months. I'm on my phone otherwise I'd try to link you.
Gefeliciteerd!
I use casting with Netflix daily...
Do you have color coded comments turned on? That would help you distinguish
In the relay settings (not android wifi settings). So go to settings in this app, then general, then change the prefetch to none for WiFi.  https://imgur.com/gallery/AoXHQ

I can't guarantee that will fix it... But it may help since you were having a difference in behavior between mobile and wifi.
That might be related to the prefetch for images in the settings. You can try disabling that for WiFi and see if it fixes it? Perhaps there is something funky with the cache?
More like a thread to discuss how Nikko has toned his reactions down. 
That actually doesn't work on certain versions of Android. The hold on the refresh button is actually the "workaround" for those users. Both are good to know of course :)
*Prints out email, places it on phone, reads it.*
There also some cheap buses you can take to Paris. The train will be the fastest by far but is obviously more expensive
I didn't see the original posted so here it is https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fYPzLI2JeM

The commentary is great.
If you are from the US, definitely get a Google Voice number before leaving. Free calls to the USA and you get a number you can text and receive calls from. Also has visual voicemail and integrates nicely with Hangouts.


How about press and hold?
Age? What kind of games?  Tell us a bit about yourself
Works great for me, had very few problems with it
Now THIS is a cinemagraph. Well done
Clay and grass are significantly softer than a hard court.
OV cards make everything cheaper since you only pay for the distance traveled, once you buy 2-3 tickets for 2hrs of travel it would have been cheaper to get an OV card. 
I'd think vita/PS4 had a lot of common code. There are tons of games that are PS4/Vita crossbuy
If you press and hold the suggestion, you can delete it (on Android anyway)
That doesn't cover the case where you want to tap the icon to open the folder though.

Useful to share though, thanks.
I know you can reset the folder icon to be a single icon but then you have to choose it manually. Slightly more inconvenient than the feature you are suggesting

Just press and hold the folder, then edit, then click the icon in the overlay
Purdue in gold medal position
Watched the whole thing. Your Dad has an awesome laugh. All the crashing while sledding really took me back to my childhood. That's like half the reason you sled anyway. Thanks for sharing
Are you using 5ghz bands by chance? I have issues with mine if both my phone and the GH are on the 5ghz band of my router. It's invisible to my phone. If I put my phone on the 2.4 GHz band I can see it just fine. I have another router in my house where it's not a problem so it could be some config but I haven't been able to figure it out.
Supporting the dev and no ads
Your post got me wondering, does 'sub-par' mean something different when talking about disc golf skill? 
If you are shipping the car, you can probably stick it in the same container with all your furniture etc. The boat took about 6 weeks to come for us from North Carolina to Rotterdam. They needed our BSN numbers to clear customs and get it delivered to our house (not 100% sure on the requirements for that). My wife's company paid our moving expenses so I can't give you a ballpark. We were able to secure housing prior to actually moving here so it wasn't really an issue with visas for us.

I've found that most places to rent are typically for the very next month. In the US where I lived beforehand, you would secure a place 3-6 months before moving in so that was a big difference for us.

One thing to note about your flight tickets when coming over for good, they may require you to have a return ticket for 90 days or less since you probably won't have a residency permit yet and they can't let you overstay the typical tourist visa. I had a round trip ticket for 5 months and the airline forced to me change it to less than 3 months before I could get my boarding pass (an extra 250 USD I didn't expect to spend). Something to look into if you aren't sure if you will have your residency permits yet. 
I'm pretty sure there is already subreddit for this... But I don't remember the name. 
Quite low in comparison to the USA, especially if you compare it to NYC or California. It's actually quite a bit above the average wage in the Netherlands though. Anything over 50k and you can live really well. That's also true in the less metropolitan area of the USA of course.

If you are an expat and above a certain wage (>45k or something), you can get the 30% ruling which helps a lot. Basically 30% of your salary is not taxed at all, so you have that plus it usually moves you down a tax bracket. Health care and school are also significantly less expensive.
Entry/junior level was typically 35-50k/yr and senior was mostly 50-65k/yr. If you go to Amsterdam and really get a senior position, you can get upwards of 80-85k/yr. I haven't seen any six figures jobs advertised.
American living in NL for 2 years now, I don't experience any of that. Didn't change my diet at all from back home, things are still working as they should. Haven't had problems since day 1.
Maybe I just haven't seen Hannah play enough but I thought Kona was light years better than her. I'm comparing what I saw from Hannah in the Champs vs Chumps vs what I see on Kona's Instagram and her champs vs Chumps appearance.
I moved to the Netherlands from the US 2 years ago. I also do IT stuff. The Hague has a ton of expats and some international high schools which would be in English anyway so it shouldn't be too bad for your brother. Dutch is not a necessity especially if you are living in The Hague. You'll be able to do 95% of your day without knowing any Dutch.

I really love living here. The biking culture is amazing and I have found the Dutch people to be very friendly.

Make sure you get the 30% ruling for your jobs as it makes many things easier like exchanging drivers licenses and also saving a ton on taxes.

I'd actually say the healthcare is not as good/easy as the states since it is socialized. It is MUCH cheaper but you also will need to wait longer for almost any treatment and they are more hesitant to do procedures.

Feel free to pm me if you have more questions. I live in Rotterdam so I won't be able to answer many questions about the Hague.
The tax discount is significantly lower than that. Something like 52k per year gross. https://www.expatax.nl/30ruling
Get it on PS4 then remote play :). Decent replacement until it comes out.
Just use the Google home app to cast your screen and then any audio played goes to the Chromecast device.
Looks like you are at 2 to me.
Here's the panel commentary after 

https://youtu.be/lYP92hY2FlM?t=3m10s around 3:10, but the link should take you there.
Damn
You can change this behavior in settings. Someone requested this special treatment for Twitter not too long ago. You can change it back in the settings so it works like it did before.

[Twitter settings](http://i.imgur.com/iEdq2Su.png)
The whole series is good
Don'tchu be talkin' 'bout no "ball golf" round these parts Ian
What line were you taking on that hole that you threw a resistor...? It's pretty dead straight from what I remember. I've hit the basket in the air twice on that hole. I mean I guess it's hard to argue with results of your throw...
I'm surprised nobody has mentioned it is easy to get now on tap back by simply changing your region. 

For example
https://www.google.nl/amp/s/9to5google.com/2017/03/09/go-back-from-google-assistant-to-google-now-on-tap/amp/
When I lived in the area there was a meetup.com group with some really nice guys. They'd rotate courses each week and get some food/drinks after. I'd check that out.
If you are new enough to Android that you didn't know the answer to this question, I would not recommend flashing a custom rom. I'm also not sure what the S8 rom would have over the S7 one.
The Netherlands is a good alternative. Plenty of tech jobs and almost all that I have seen only require English. I have been living here for almost 2 years and love it. Minimum vacation by law is 24 days. The pay is a bit lower than the States though.

There are quite a few companies that offer sponsorship for work visas as well due to the shortage of good talent. 
KC isn't that far and it is a gold mine of good courses.
>If Rafa let go and played with less intensity, he would get blown off the court by Thiem

What's the tennis equivalent for a John Madden comment?


There's a new setting for Twitter that was added a week or so ago, perhaps you need to check the 'behavior' settings? Not sure what the default ended up being.
Agreed
I'd suggest you show customer service at the store. This store hasn't been open that long, doesn't seem intentional. I know they have moved the dressing room containers at least once so they are probably unaware of this issue.
Enjoy your new feature thanks to my help.
I was just trying to help you communicate what you actually wanted. It was not clear from your original post. Sorry for trying to be helpful.
So you want a specific setting for behavior for Twitter URLs? Or would changing the weblinks behavior to use comments + external work for you. That'd make any links either open in their respective apps or your default browser.
Yes, this works perfectly. I'm not sure what op wants. Maybe the internal browser to somehow load via the Twitter app?
I just verified this works perfectly as expected. Are you pressing the external browser button? It launches the Twitter app for me just fine.

If you modify the behavior of "weblinks" in the settings for relay (on the behavior page) and set it to 'comments and external link', it will open the Twitter app automatically for all Twitter URLs.

If you still see it opening in your browser (like chrome or whatever), you'll need to clear your defaults in your android settings.
This seems like something that should work out of the box with Android. The Twitter app would be responsible for loading itself based on a certain url pattern. If you click a Twitter link from your browser or from a messaging client, does it load the Twitter app? You may not have chosen your Twitter app as a default due those URLs.

I wouldn't think anything would need to be done with Relay.

Edit: yes this works exactly as I thought, what is it you want again?
That doesn't really affect the presidential election though... And I say that as someone who thinks Gerrymandering is total bullshit. The drawings of districts within a state wouldn't affect the national result.

Now the electoral college bs...
Definitely read that as 'discwasher' and I was thinking there was a new product I didn't know about.
Bruno's, ask them to make it extra crispy when you order.
None of these issues for me. 

**Device information:**

    Relay Version: 8.1.31 Pro

    Phone: Samsung SM-G930F (Galaxy S7)
    Android Version: 7.0 (24)
    Device (product): herolte (heroltexx)
    Rom: NRD90M.G930FXXU1DQD7


What did you think you were getting by upgrading your tools?
I'm not sure why everyone was so against this comment. Using 'defo' perpetuates crappy internet slang (reminds me of YOLO). I guess it wasn't as  funny as I thought but I certainly wasn't making fun of him or the picture. I guess I didn't read the audience right, I thought the average age of people frequenting this subreddit would be more perturbed by internet slang like I am.
Mine as well, on at least 2-3 different phones across Android 4.1-7.0
You don't see something like this? 
[type ahead](http://i.imgur.com/lxdLpRX.png)

Are you logged in? Do you have premium?
And you did it twice in a row! That's amazing
I'm having a lot of fun with it. Definitely worth it for me but it can be a bit repetitive.
Step 1 to being a good Dad, stop using 'defo'
Funniest thing I've seen on this sub since the [Richard video](https://youtu.be/UBQP9gEldRk)
Nice drawings, all of them seem like they have a bit too much blush on though.
Does this help?

http://www.funda.nl/en/kaart/huur/rotterdam/oud-crooswijk/500-1000/?zoom=14&center=51.922596919513026,4.478658568664522

It's an easy way to find apartments based on an area (also in english!)

I will say, I don't think it will be as hard as cinico has said to find a place in that budget. I have many friends who are in that range and have nice apartments north of the river.
I'm not sure this has anything to do with Nova Launcher? Maybe I am wrong, but I think in the context of Messaging, that's outside the scope of a launcher and more in line with an OS theme or the apps theme.
I think the Tomb Raider reboot did a good job. I haven't played the 2nd but the first was fun with the bow and not feeling like there was any place you could rest.
That course looks pretty easy. Nice round (other than the double bogey ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯)
I must have done the wrong things in Antwerp, I thought it was boring as hell.
There's a slightly higher res version [here](http://www.sopocottage.com/2015/12/dutch-architecture-house-like-tree.html?m=1)

Think it is 1024x1024
[direct link to image](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-nfDkAkV1--8/VjZ6bumnd7I/AAAAAAAAL70/428niduSypo/s1600/rotterdam%2Baerial%2Bview.jpg)

Face to face meetup sounds great!
No Frisson for me but that's a badass video.
https://youtu.be/fWVkWND02Nc

They are pretty terrible actors
Not finding any matches. The lack of any true single player is really disappointing as well. Even just for practice against a crappy AI to get a feel for the game. I probably won't pick this back up as I couldn't really try anything but the training. I read somewhere you didn't want to splinter the player base with single player, but you won't keep many new players if there is nothing to practice and get hooked on. Big oversight in my opinion. There are thousands of people who got this game for free on PS4 and I can't find a single match? Looks like a fun and promising game but with no single player, it misses the mark.
Yea, it is super easy to overlook. He could probably make it look a bit more like a button.
You could tap the blue comments circle button at the top to collapse all children..  not a setting that is remembered but it might help you temporarily.
I'll be honest, this just looks like someone messed up the dye a few times on a white disc. Great to see some support for Kj though.
Beta
It does and that's cool, I was just thinking it might be useful with an icon/indication that the top panel could be swiped if you just wanted to see what your comment looks like in general. Maybe you are editing and want to see the current look etc. 

It may be a non-issue since a lot of the UI has that swipeable-ness to it (like threads/comments) but I was actively looking for it and it took me a bit to find it. In retrospect, it makes perfect sense.
The comment preview is pretty sick. It would be nice to have some kind of indicator or something to show that you can view a preview by swiping left (if you are viewing the comment you are replying to). The comment you reply to and the preview are on a swipeable panel but I sort of stumbled on it by accident.
Since you work for that company... Why does the Dutch test on the site not tell you which level you should sign up for? I got a 79/100 although the true/false questions at the end didn't see to be based on anything... It said my performance was "good". What level would that put me at?
Regular S7, can confirm, post view does not refresh when rotating.
Sent you a pm
I'll be honest, there is way too much going on with that stamp. The outsides look like someone used a blue pen to draw on it but messed up a bunch. The font in the middle is not my favorite either. One of the less pretty discs I've seen on this sub.

 I understand the 'compass' stuff but I'm not a fan of the design but to each their own I suppose.

Edit, looks better in the white but still a lot going on... https://www.dzdiscs.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/1000x/040ec09b1e35df139433887a97daa66f/i/m/img_3747_1.jpg
Mainly was referring to that exact notification.
Might be hard to track uninstalls after a notification.
Better yet, have some server side validation to be sure the user hasnt chosen more than their fair share of points.

I also noticed on a few events where there quite a few players that were not selectable. E.g. Cameron Colglazier in the 'Open at Tallahassee' as the top rated player. I was able to edit the HTML to allow me to select him though without any errors :) 

I think writing a mini-webservice to retrieve what players are actually registered for events would be fairly easy to implement and would be nice to have when selecting players. Also a clickable link to the event when making picks would be helpful if the webservice is too involved. Right now it is just a dropdown when making picks and it makes it harder to get to that event page.

Send me a pm if you'd like some more feedback. 
Looks great! I signed up.

As a web developer, you should probably add some 'points' validation when the 'Save Button' is clicked. I was able to submit with negative points by 'undisabling' the button manually in the HTML. 

http://imgur.com/a/iQHkp
Why not go back to HK?
Funny... but it sounds very little like the Rick rolling song. Even when I was listening for it, it didn't sound quite right.
Love my tangent. One of my favorites for single disc rounds too. Shot my best ever round with it. 
That's a ridiculous price. You can find something cheaper and better than that.
Maybe check your YouTube history if you were logged in?
Are the other gestures not good enough for you? 
I have the same problem and sent the Nova folks an email. Here is their response.

>Hello,
This is due to a bug that Google released in the latest update of the Google App and this isn't specific to Nova Launcher. Phone Settings -> Apps -> Google App -> Uninstall Updates will fix the issue or you can contact Google directly."

I found the 'Ok Google' works now where it struggled before so that's what I am using until Google/Nova sort it out. I didn't uninstall the update as they suggested. Hope that helps.
I actually thought that was pretty funny in a "is that really the best they can do" way.
Not if you speak properly.
How old are most of these guys? Are you still in a University setting? Could just be the type of guy you attract right now who aren't ready to settle down and enjoy the thrill of the chase. I might suggest trying to take things a bit slower, it will be easier for you if things don't work out and they'll get to know you on your 'bad' days first. If a guy sticks with you before sex, you'll have a better chance for a longer term commitment. I don't mean hold out for like 6+ months or anything, just don't jump right into it. Best of luck!
Right at 11:00 for the eagle. Crazy!

Eagle: https://youtu.be/tBVKTnZLep4?t=11m
Does this help?

https://tools.usps.com/go/POLocatorDetailsAction!input.action?&radius=20&locationType=po&locationTypeQ=po&locationID=1456392&utm_source=google-my-business-url&utm_medium=search&utm_campaign=yext

I see a 919 number on there.
Play it on your android phone or Vita now from your PS4 while you wait for the switch!
https://anonimag.es/image/JT9h4WP
Hes taking his frustrations about his new disability out on you. It is misguided and not fair to you. You sound like an amazing wife. These are his problems to fix, not yours. He needs to take charge of his situation and own up to how badly he has treated you. Get him in therapy ASAP otherwise your marriage will not last.
It's not really "hidden" but you can press the comments icon when viewing a thread and it will expand or collapse all. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/TwZhB
This gets posted about twice a month. Maybe we need a sticky of "hidden" relay features like this.
Problem was he didn't state it as a prediction. I personally downvoted it because I didn't want it near the top as misinformation. Had he said "I predict..." It probably would have been fine. That said, all he did was say the exact order the final 4 were in at the start of the round. Overall the comment did not add to the discussion.
I can't speak from experience of transferring in, but you may have trouble transferring some of your core engineering credits to Purdue. Worst case scenario, you'd need to do all of Freshman engineering again(basically starting from scratch). Best case, you skip most of the "common" classes like Physics/calc I & II/chem and still have to take the Purdue specific engineering classes. Computer Science is also not in the engineering school so their core requirements are different as well.

Keep in mind that you may lose credits since Purdue won't accept them when making your decision.

ECE and CS are pretty top notch so you can't go wrong there. Good luck!
I just tried it on my unrooted stock Galaxy S7. Give the apk a shot.
I believe there is an apk floating around XDA that works on all. I could be wrong but I definitely tried it on my Samsung a while ago and it worked fairly well. That was pre SDV though. I have a Vita now so I never bother with it on my phone.

Link: 
https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/ps4-remote-play-android-thread-t3068225

SDV running on S7 https://imgur.com/gallery/VyIkW

On screen controls are good enough for SDV but you can also register a PS4 controller.


Or a PS4 and remote play via Android or a Vita.
I had never heard it called gravel until I moved to the Netherlands.
If I remember from the other times this has been posted, it is something to do with your specific version of Android. The refresh button is the 'work-around'
Would you mind sharing what 'pretty sizable' means? Curious how far away my wife and I are from trying something like this. Feel free to pm if you don't feel like sharing publicly.
I didnt see you post the link directly (maybe that's not allowed...?) But I found it here: https://www.etsy.com/shop/DIYbyRZK?ref=ss_profile
If that's true, that course must have been crazy easy. Don't get me wrong, these pros are amazing but averaging better than a birdie per hole is bad course design.
Perhaps it is as easy as recognizing it should render in portrait mode even thought it senses it is in landscape mode then?
That's not surprising at all. I'm not sure how you'd fix it properly considering how little horizontal space you have. Maybe zoom out quite a bit. Either way I'm not sure it would function too well even if there was a custom layout for this situation.
Note 4 was released in Oct 2014, I don't know what you were expecting.
Oh man 2 dollars, better wait.
I joined, not sure what the purpose is, doesn't have my XP recorded or anything.
Not yet (except remote play)
With not a single good win on their resume
 A team with height like ours has no business shooting 28 three pointers. That's just bad coaching and shot selection.
Super useful as an American living abroad. I can keep a USA number, call/text over the internet from my android phone or computer. Free calling to the USA and cheap to other countries. More control over your voicemail ( you can set different voicemails for different groups or individuals that call you). Easily block numbers so that they get the 'disconnected number' audio. Visual voicemail and being able to listen to it directly in hangouts or in Gmail.

 Been using it for 7+ years. Would be hard to go back to living without it.
Just thought I'd ask, but as an Indian national, you need a specific tourist visa to enter into a schengen country. Did you already obtain one? I think you need to apply for that beforehand. You can read more here: https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/borders-and-visas/visa-policy_en

I can see your schedule is already packed, but don't forget about Rotterdam! I prefer it to Amsterdam. Rotterdam has some great architecture and is significantly cheaper than Amsterdam. It's also the largest port in Europe. It's not your typical Dutch city since it had been largely rebuilt due to all the bombing in WW2. Delft is also really nice. The Hague isn't anything special if you have seen Amsterdam or Delft. 
You can also easily stream from Windows 10. I do that when the TV is taken up :)
You think Trump can read?
OP didn't specify in the original post. No modifying the rules later! I'd buy a bunch of saws and take the teeth off.
I did that as well when I was at Purdue but definitely liked the vibe of swing better.
Swing dance club is perfect for you. Pretty easy to learn and cheap as far as dance lessons go.
I mean it's been announced that it is coming. At least for PC
Didn't know you could watch it there too. Thanks!
This has helped me as well. They do a good job of writing questions that are being addressed on screen as well. Would be super great if it were subtitled. 

Link for the lazy http://jeugdjournaal.nl
I managed to do it 3-4 years ago. I forget the exact settings but it is possible. Should be a guide online somewhere.

I feel like it was something with modifying the launch string in steam with resolution equal to both monitors widths.
OP is 28, it wouldn't let him fix the age in the title. It is literally the first sentence of this post...
Field position, catching the other team off guard with nobody to receive it.
Loved my G4 for 6 months till it bootlooped. Now no division of LG will fix it for me. Never again LG.
Fantastic! Gave me goosebumps
Seems like a bit of an overreaction.... :-)  But I'm happy to help. Google served me well
Maybe [RiME](http://www.tequilaworks.com/en/projects/rime)? Trailer: https://youtu.be/UHgrSnEpwfY

Trailer seems to share some of your description.
Its actually only about 35 min train ride to Rotterdam Central. If you get bored on Amsterdam, it's a pretty quick trip. You could see most of Rotterdam in 1 day easily and it is quite different from Amsterdam. Enjoy your stay!
Dicks Sporting Goods and Great Outdoor Provision Co also sell discs in NC.
Come checkout Rotterdam too! Some great architecture and bridges!

For example https://imgur.com/gallery/VQ5Ah
Where are you from? (Guessing upstate NY, USA based on your comment history) What website are you referring to? Why do you want to move to the Netherlands? We need some more info to be able to help
If there's room for someone to pass you on the right, you've made a mistake
Tons of development jobs here. I get messages on LinkedIn several times per week and I'm not looking. Amsterdam has a bunch but Rotterdam or the Hague also have plenty. It's a really good market for software developers so it shouldn't be too hard to find a job.
Stole the wallet, then he saw the camera so he wanted to think of a way to make it look like an accident. So he told the guy he dropped it.

 He regretted stealing it after seeing the camera.
Combat gets boring fairly fast and they hand-hold the hell out of you the first 30hrs. Beautiful game but it would be nice if you could shoot drippy in the face sometimes. Also your teammates AI is pretty terrible
It used to be illegal at certain times of the day (rush hours), did that change? Been a while since I've driven that stretch

I mean not that having it be illegal ever stopped anyone.

Edit: Was thinking of the left at Canterbury
Long press of what? The app icon? Are you expecting the nougat menu stuff? or Stories? SubReddit menu? We need some more info to help....
Yikes, I graduated in '09 and last was in the dorms in 2006. If that's true, definitely don't stay in the dorms!
I'd look for a sub-lease "off campus". You'll have more fun and it is way cheaper. Plus more drinking friendly.

Dorms like Cary usually don't have too many people over the age of 20. You ought to be able to find a sub-lease pretty easily.

If you choose to stay in Cary, there are still plenty of places to drink and have fun, just not in the dorms (without risking getting caught).
The great 8! I did that in 2014. So much fun.
If you login and use the same account, that should be automatic.

If you mean having it keep track of what you have read etc between devices, that is a Reddit gold feature.
Illinois would like a word with you :)
Fantastic! Really captured a lot that happened in the last year.

Some of the transitions were a tad fast for my taste. Felt like it might give some people seizures.

You can really see the amount of work that went into this video though, especially the end, where all the different Rotterdam signs lined up.
I've seen baskets where the top can spin and be locked. Also teepad locations don't change hardly at all so the lock angle hopefully would have been aligned on initial installation.
I believe it would be the responsibility of the person switching the baskets to ensure it is correct after the move.
How bout them free throws ODU... :(
Seems pretty uncalled for but I don't know the history here...
Maybe they were long because of the voter suppression tactics of reducing the number of places you can vote?
I brought my LG TV with me to the Netherlands without a problem. Just check the power to make sure it supports dual voltage.

I'm not sure the video encoding thing is still an issue. My TV doesn't have any problems anyway.
Leave some for the rest of us!
Umm, cool? Looks like nice weather for November
I'm with you, this is stupid
Same with Limbo, couldn't put it down.
I'm getting invalid video ID... Was it taken down?

I can still find it in their YouTube channel but then it says unavailable... Maybe because I am in Europe?
Not able to access either version. 404 error
No worries, get some sleep :)
Difference would have been 6 without that...?
Uhh what?

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election,_2012
Immigrants?
It was a pre-req when I was there as well. I got special approval to take them at the same time.
Video ends at 39:27... I think you meant 29:57. Here's a link with the exact time.

https://youtu.be/rwBV8YF00_s?t=29m56s
So I switched after my 3rd semester and I easily could have graduated in 4.5 years. I chose to do it in 5 because the job market is typically better for spring graduation and then I could take my time. I also studied abroad in Australia for 1 semester. I highly recommend studying abroad if you can.

Since you are still in your first semester, if you switched now and took 180 in the spring, you will probably be fine graduating on time. You may use some of the Engineering only classes as electives which kinda sucks since they are harder than typical electives but you won't 'throwaway' too many credits with just 1 semester down.

I think 180 and 182 can be taken at the same time with approval as 182 is mostly discrete cs concepts and not so much 'programming' like 180. I took 180 and 182 at the same time without much problem. 182 is definitely harder than 180.

Full disclosure: I graduated in 2009 so there may be quite a few things that have changed.
This guy gets it.
Sure.. but the last batter is the last person at bat when a game ends...
Yea..  but the 2nd or 3rd don't get to go if the game is already over... Thus it always comes down to the last batter...
Isn't a baseball game always down to the last batter...?
DQ, she stepped out of her lane.
I'm confused, doesn't it stand vertically by itself...?

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d3/PS3Versions.png/500px-PS3Versions.png
You scheduled a trip over Thanksgiving without him and probably without discussing it with him. From his perspective, you left him high and dry over a holiday so then he has to do his own thing. After 1.5 years I'd have expected to be included in the decision as well. That said, he is being a bit immature about it now. I'd make sure he knows it was more about the visit to your brother than not spending Thanksgiving with him. 

Why hasn't he met your family before this again?
The disc physics and feel in this is better than Unchained. If you haven't tried it, definitely worth the price of admission in my opinion.
He really needs to put in a faster restart so when you are playing one hole, trying to get a birdie, you can restart right away after a bad throw.

Also the power upgrades seem to hardly do anything. Can barely throw it farther than at the start and I've upgraded it to when it starts costing 1000. Little too grindy for my tastes, especially after I beat all the courses.

Dont get me wrong, it's a fun game but there are a lot of UI and UX enhancements I'd make if I was the dev and they are pretty simple changes.
You need to work on your xstep. You are hopping and that is probably hurting you more than it helps. Your back leg (left leg) should go behind the front one which will turn your body more including your hips. Try to slow down a little bit until you get the form right. Or better yet, try it without an xstep.

If you fix the xstep, it will help with your reach back and put you in a better position overall.

Next time you post a slowmo, I'd suggest starting it closer to the beginning of your throw so the loop doesn't take so long. Easier for us to break it down
I get very few crashes in all the years I have used this app. Maybe try clearing the cache or re-logging in? 
If it is an active link (blue text and underlined), you can press and hold and it will give you an option to copy it. You're out of luck if it is just text at the moment though.

Example: www.google.com
If you know you want to be in software development, switch to CS now. I did the same after 3 semesters in FYE/CompE and it delayed my graduation 1 semester. If you switch now, you shouldn't have any problems graduating on time.

That said, if you go the CompE or EE route, you'll probably also be fine getting a software job, you'll just have taken a bunch of irrelevant course work to get there. Not worth the suffering in my opinion.
Actually looks pretty decent to me considering how long that is, would you prefer an ellipsis or what? (I'm not the dev, just wondering what your think would look better)
Direct YouTube link https://youtu.be/SJ45VLgbe_E
Source https://youtu.be/SqQgDwA0BNU
Hey!... Not cool
The sub-title is 'Gratitude. Always remember'. The gate person/toll booth person says 'Please" at the end where her family doesn't thank her for anything. "A little gratitude goes a long way" was what the artist was after.
Had a man cut me off in the store with his grocery cart. The cart had a wobbly wheel that was slowing him down and making lots of noise.
Just cast your screen to your Chromecast using the Google Cast app, load up relay and you're good to go.
Actually it has to go over the line... Just like in rocket league...
Yea, you really need to be expecting him. Some people are put off but I think he is part of the experience.

Desserts are a must as well, especially the Catalan Creme. Don't call it Crème brûlée though, the guy will murder you.
Let me know if you find anything. Been missing watching some American football.
Glad you found it. Good luck!
You can't forward to a Dutch number. If you use the hangouts app and get the hangouts dialer app (2 separate apps). You can receive calls over data (wifi/mobile) on your cell phone. Also works on a PC.

Once you have the GV number, you can just answer with a data connection. No need to forward it anywhere.

It won't be connected to your Dutch number at all. You just need a data connection. Think of it as a VoIP number.

Make sure you enable incoming calls in settings for your account.
 https://imgur.com/gallery/bhOTs
Tasca Brava on Glenwood is nice. That's where I went for my first year anniversary. The owner is a bit eccentric but the food and sangria is awesome!

 Sullivan's steak house is also really nice. You'd be close to your maximum budget though.
You could grab an Snes emulator and play Secret of Mana. The first little bit is 1 player but then you get 2 more party members and can play with 3 people. Really solid game that still holds up well.  Lots of leveling of people and weapons.  Decently long too.  

Could either do coop on the same PC or some emulators have an internet function to play with friends elsewhere. 
Some of the nicer disc golf shops have them. The Jarva course near Stockholm also has a nice one along with 27 awesome holes. 
Interesting watch but no frisson for me.
Isn't this a Reddit gold feature? Not sure if that is integrated into Relay but I don't think devs can provide 'gold' features (without gold for the user) per Reddit's rules
Think of it more like an understable disc.  It's more like a turnover shot. The spin pulls it that direction rather than the puck "meathooking". The disc is way too heavy in comparison to its width so it's not going to generate any lift upward. Besides,  it is spinning clockwise so your choice is rhbh or lffh. It's  a bit like a curve on a soccer ball,  you strike from the middle to the outside and it curves away from the outside part you hit. In this case,  he strikes middle to outside left,  so it will curve right. 

If it were spinning counter clockwise, it would be pulling away from the goal instead of curving into it. 

A lefty in hockey can either slap left to right as he strikes the puck and it will curve left,  or slap right to left and it will curve right. 

He's striking it a bit like making a C from the bottom with your hand. 
Wouldn't it be more like a lefty forehand anhyzer then? He strikes from the middle of the puck towards the outside left. That's the only possible way with a hockey stick to get it to bend in that manner as a lefty. 
Seems like he strikes it with the stick from right to left imparting a clockwise spin on it which would make it an anhyzer since it is spinning like a rhbh
Currently living in the Netherlands,  Google voice works great. I use it every day. You'll still be able to text,  get voicemails,  and call from your cell phone or any android device.  You can also do that from a computer in Gmail.  I always just give out my gv number so I didn't have to port anything.  When your return to the USA,  you can simply use your Google voice  number to route to your new cell phone. No need to port back. 
You may need to refresh
Pretty sure it is a minor bug relating to pull down to refresh. I get it every once in a while. Seems to be nearly the same placement and color as the refresh spinner.
What a joke. Portugal isn't even the 3rd best team
A few rounds of disc golf with doubles so newer people are less discouraged, followed up with a BBQ and some beersbee. http://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-make-a-set-of-Beersbee-Poles/
This was fascinating to read. Thank you for sharing
You may need to enable incoming calls in the app. 

Settings -> account settings (with your email) -> then incoming calls

Make sure you have the hangouts dialer app installed as well. It's a separate app than just regular hangouts.
I use this everyday to keep in touch with my family in America. Would easily pay for this service if it weren't free! Been using it for about 6 years. 

I also use it for my job, I mostly call through Gmail though. Don't use the hangouts dialer much.
Definitely Australia and probably New Zealand as well.
Super glue
I always just assumed it was for people who didn't like traditional sports. The logo is even close to the NBA logo. http://www.logodesignlove.com/images/classic/nba-logo.jpg

Sorta like "everyone else can support their teams with bumper stickers, I support chess playing"
Try out the swing dance club as well. I enjoyed that far more than the ballroom dance club. I think it was cheaper as well and there were more social events.
Really awesome site! Thanks for the post.
Keep responding in Dutch to your roommates if you can. Thats what I try to do with my Dutch friends. You can also try watching some news here. I like the children's news since I am  intermediate level.

http://jeugdjournaal.nl

Crap it looks great on mobile! 

Edit: fixed it
[Spoiler](/s "no playoff holes?! We must know who won!")

Hope I did that spoiler tag correctly...
You can hear the recording here: https://youtu.be/jtu918mfeHc?t=1m37s
Donated! Thanks for the awesome vids

And added 1.7812 miles onto the race!

(marathon is 26.2188 miles)

I agree with you though, if it is only sprinting, you probably won't finish the race at all.
At least we're ahead of IU
Probably should have posted the Instagram link for this post. Initially I saw just the close up image of a disc and thought "Well this ace post is rubbish". Glad I checked the comments. Nice ace!
Video not available on mobile. I see it works on desktop though.
Don't worry guys, shill look into it.
You can try this http://jeugdjournaal.nl/. It is news for kids here in the Netherlands. I find I can understand a lot of it and I'm only about half way through the Duolingo course. Specifically the 'ochtendjournaal' and 'avondjournaal' which are new every day. They do a good job putting thing in simpler terms and will include text on questions which helps with comprehension. Shame there is no closed-captioning for the whole thing.

The topics can be a bit childish sometimes since it is kids news, but it is fun to practice listening. The anchors have a pretty neutral accent so that helps as well.
You might be able to get someone from airbnb to agree to a longer rental. Look for a private room in your price range and send them a message.
What day of the week will you be here? Here are some general suggestions but there might be more specific things given the date you come.

 Fenix Food Factory could be interesting for you to check out. Has a brewery and some various other local food places in an old warehouse setting.

You can check out Hotel New York for some decent food and killer views of the city skyline. It's also quite close to Fenix Food Factory.

Also be sure to check out the Markthal. The cube houses are nearby and at least worth a look.

Witte de withstraat might also be worth a look. https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g188632-d6117269-Reviews-Witte_de_Withstraat-Rotterdam_South_Holland_Province.html

I'd recommend renting a bike too. Best way to see the city.

Enjoy!
I would change the styling a bit to make the comic more central. My eyes were initially drawn to the text below and totally didn't see the comic. I think my brain thought it was the banner so I scrolled down looking for the comic. Maybe put more of a wrapper around it. It is just sitting with the background now. The text probably should be bigger as well. Good first start though!

Edit: Probably including it within the 'well' right above the text 'Beginner and his discs' would look better in my opinion
Pm'd
 You could try this http://www.funda.nl/en/
Your car seems really expensive.  408/month just on the loan? The insurance of 100/month seems low though but I don't know the prices in Aus. Where's the money being spent on gasoline? Didn't see that in your budget.

Do you both have a car?

Your rent is also probably more than it should be, but there might not be a choice there 
My brother and I rescued a cat that was stuck in a tree during a round, it followed us the rest of the 14 holes. Super nice cat. Gave it some water in one of my putters. After the round, we called an animal shelter and they came and picked it up. Didn't seem like it was someone's cat and we were just visiting the area so we were staying in a hotel. Had I been closer to home, might have adopted it.
I was in the same boat. Did ECE for 3 semesters and then switched. Soooo much happier with CS. ECE was more like a major in Electrical and a minor in a less involved CS.

If you like algorithms and software development, choose CS.

If you wait and switch later, you may end up losing a semester.

Umstead park is nice and really close to Raleigh. Also heard really good things about Raven Rock Park (http://www.ncparks.gov/raven-rock-state-park) but that's a bit more of a drive.
It's almost like there are other languages besides English...
I took a random sampling of colors from that photo using the photoshop color picker and created this image.

http://i.imgur.com/UEiLD3Q.png

The middle number in parentheses is the green value. (Red, Green, Blue).

(0,255,0) would be the light color green (#00FF00).

As you can see, all those values are closer to green than blue. Sometimes color can be objective when a computer interprets it.

I suppose you could argue I took colors to support my argument, but I was trying to be objective when I chose them. A few of them could be considered borderline green/blue since their values are somewhat close, but in general it is more green than blue.

Are we looking at the same picture? Pretty clearly green... The text in the middle is blue but the outside ring is green
Your x-step isn't quite right, you are rushing quite a bit too. Your step with your left foot should be more behind the right foot. You are restricting your reach back because of that. Right now you are skipping. Try slowing down and focus on your foot work.

Hard to see much with your upper body because of the camera angle.
You forgot about Purdue
So many good disc golf courses in the area! I moved away 8 months ago and miss it. Enjoy
If you do the Anne Frank house, get your tickets in advance online otherwise you may wait a long time.
This is just pathetic, who would make such a thing... I say that as someone who went to Purdue.
Was that Matt Painter on the sidelines for UNI? Holy shit that was a major choke job.
 That announcer was so excited he went through puberty again.
Technically they won their play in game. You may not count that as a win, but had they lost, you know it would have been counted.
On the flip side... Cincinnati knew exactly how much time was left and waited until the last second to dunk it. Had he laid it up, it would have been in time. I understand your argument, but they can't and shouldn't correct clock errors retroactively. It was the correct call
As is tradition
I hate you but you are exactly right. I hate supporting this team...
Naw, I mean 14 point leads are meant to be thrown away...
Thank you for writing my exact thoughts
Can't wait to beat you if we get the chance.
Will you still make it in...?
My god the pass at 1:20ish... I could have defended better than that....
Is that actually true? If we beat you, we have the same record and two wins over you which should put us ahead of you? Iowa would likely also have the same record and Maryland potentially a better record if they take down Illinois and IU.  Iowa would have the tiebreaker over us, but not you.

Definitely possible that I don't know how tie breakers work.... Or maybe 4th can be split... We'll see how the big 10 tournament decides the rankings.
Please let this happen
Ok neutral court, away from home. It's not played at UVAs court. That make it clearer for you?
I'd be super happy to play Virginia as the 1 seed in our region. That or Nova. I can't see you winning that many games on the road.
~2.4km
I'd send her a post card from every country you visit
That or the old big east.
Yea, but they lost 3 of their last 5. How do you not fall further than that...
I think you mean Villanova, as is tradition
Is it DQ like in ball golf?
Looks really great in Reddit news for Android when you click the view as a table link.

Thanks!

Link: http://imgur.com/g2bp4F5
Yea I did, I was also getting ready to switch so I tried it and I was quite surprised how well it worked.
Verizon S4 was my last phone and Lollipop made it feel brand new. Battery life was better for me and performance. I kept it 8 months longer than I thought would. Maybe I was an outlier but it made the phone so much better for me.
Holy cow, that was incredibly powerful.
That was... Meh. That's about the worst appearance I've seen from Beyonce ever. Not that I see her often... But she normally delivers.
Beyonce sounds terrible
Yea just seems silly, if you prove the refs wrong... You don't have any more left. Should be more like tennis where you keep it if you are right. Why should you be punished for correcting the call?
Wait you lose challenges even if you are right...? Man that doesn't make much sense.
Woowwww, that never should have happened...
I honestly wouldn't but I'm in the minority of not being crazy about that game. I played a solid 20 hrs and never really felt compelled to continue.
We played even shittier?
Why did it close in the first place?
https://youtu.be/O_VBocUv-ts

As posted here:
https://www.reddit.com/r/discgolf/comments/43an25/slug/czhrqdi
Thank you, really glad I got to see it. Facebook didn't want to work on mobile.
Yea, that's the reason. Good luck!
Ehhh, just did it 2 weeks ago?

http://www.iamexpat.nl/expat-page/official-issues/driving-licence-netherlands

30% ruling and the Dutch driving licence

>You can also exchange your driving licence for a Dutch one if you are eligible for the 30% ruling, regardless your country of origin.
In this case, you should follow the above procedure, but also submit your 30% ruling statement issued by the Tax Office (Belastingdienst) to your municipality.
- See more at: http://www.iamexpat.nl/expat-page/official-issues/driving-licence-netherlands#sthash.PKQzgysS.dpuf
Are you sure you meet the requirements for license exchange? Maybe the 30% ruling?

I just went through this 2 weeks ago in Rotterdam. Also American who just moved here last year.
You can easily if you have the 30% ruling. If you don't have that, you pretty much have to start from scratch with classes etc.
Davis cup and countless other versions of tennis played as a team...
Really not understanding the shot he took at tennis... There is offense and defense that you have to be accountable for especially when playing doubles... Then there is team tennis (like Davis cup).

What was he attempting to say?
The video effect where it froze 2/3 of the screen so you could barely see the disc in air was a terrible decision. This commercial has amateur written all over it. Also Ricky shouldn't quit his day job to act.

Perhaps I am being too negative?
You didn't answer his question
In my experience, a disc thrown into a head wind hardly ever cuts left (RHBH). In fact, it is quite the opposite. It is far more likely to "turnover" to the right and become a roller because the air is moving faster over the disc.

It's also not necessary to throw harder for more distance with a tail wind. You are not taking into account disc selection, release angle(hyzer/anhyzer), and trajectory.
Your explanation is correct, the other poster had some inaccuracies (or poor descriptions) in their post. It's all about the speed of the air around the disc that will determine how it flies. Their explanation about the speed was not clear and they also indicated the disc would not fly as far. I definitely throw farther with the wind at my back. Just need to give the disc a bit more height since not as much lift will be generated.
Sure, there will always be winners and losers, but being against policies that could potentially turn some of those "losers" into winners seems against the country's best interest.

This 'every man for themselves' mentality while simultaneously leaning on benefits that you don't admit to receiving is hypocritical.

True equality will never be achieved but refusing to acknowledge that a step in that direction will help improve the lives of more people is ignorant at best.


Well said. It's amazing how people can have that attitude.
I'm sure you did that all by yourself without any help from anyone. Being born into privilege doesn't give you the right to look down on those who didn't get the same opportunities you did. Sometimes working hard isn't good enough if you're given a shit hand to play.
Let's not pretend that was because of universal healthcare. You can't equate their problems as a whole to one aspect of their society.
Greece's problems don't really relate to universal healthcare... Nice try though
That didn't look like particularly good form to me. (His throws at the beginning that is). Didn't watch the rest of the video. Maybe his words of advice are better?
I see you forgot about the Iowa game this year... Blew a 17 pt lead...
Won the B1G-ACC challenge in a "down" year. I'll take it.
Tangent, Volt, and Resistor. I could play with just those 3 discs and do just as well as if I had my whole bag.

The Tangent is by far my favorite disc. Flies really straight for me for anything under 275. I've been told some people consider this disc understable. Maybe the two I've had are outliers.

Volt is a solid driver both backhand and forehand. 

Resistor is my escape shot disc and is really useful when throwing into the wind.

I have an ion and anode putter, but I put almost as well with the tangent.

I don't have any of the newer plastic types. Just the old proton and neutron so I can't speak for those. 
If it were me, I'd just cancel the order and then go to the store and pay in cash.

You should be able to use your debit card in an ATM to get euros if you need more.

I moved to Rotterdam in July and can confirm foreign credit and debit cards will not work at the cash register.
I agree,110 is maybe a decent score from a child.
Do both of yourselves a favor and break up. She'll have a better time being single on her exchange and you won't have to worry that whole time. She may resent having to keep 'one foot back home' while having the exchange experience. This just seems like a recipe for disaster and it is already off to a shaky start. If I were in your situation, I'd run.
Ha-ha I'm 183cm (6ft) 67kgs (147lbs). You totally caught me.
I've met far more smelly fat gamers than software engineers. Comic Con or blizzcon anyone?

Have you ever worked with 'most' software engineers? I can count on one hand the number of engineers I know that fit that description.

I'm a software engineer and all but one of my colleagues (about 50 people) are healthy normal people.  Worked in 5 different companies in 2 countries and that stereotype is not accurate. I'm not fat or smelly in the slightest. In fact I'm probably too skinny.

Stop perpetuating a stereotype that you a) probably know nothing about and b) is not true.

Edit: I can see from your comment history that you must just be a troll. Have fun with that.
Except this thread is about the profession, not necessarily the stereotype of the person who does it. Honestly, the whole neck beard thing is more common with gamers than software engineers. 
Duolingo.com will help with vocab and familiarizing yourself a bit with the language. It has some grammar in there too. The speaking portions where you use the microphone are pretty inaccurate though. Won't help too much with speaking. (I'm an American learning Dutch, living in Rotterdam).
The first 1:30 was interesting to watch. The rest was just some aerial views without really showing much of anything interesting in my opinion. I forgot I was watching a video about disc golf and not just 'flying' around some generic park. Probably should have mixed some more disc golf footage into the last 2.5 minutes before the credits. Just my honest feedback on the video.

That said, this is an awesome course. Was lucky enough to play it in October 2015.
Not anymore
Depending on your country. I bought mine with it installed already. I think places in Europe are having it rolled out. Started with Poland a couple months ago.

Your best bet is probably to get it yourself.
https://youtu.be/qfKKBDFCiIA
Pretty sure this is the wrong sub but nice video.  This isn't a single photograph with some subtle looping motion. This video is more stop motion.
I have the international version of the phone. (The 815 model). Been available for over a month.

Check out xda but it largely depends on what version of the phone you have.
Responding to you from a G4 with 6.0.
You didn't give any reason to justify your opinion nor did you add to the discussion. What did you expect to happen?
That's like every day here in the Netherlands. Just gotta learn to throw in the wind.
If you are getting an 815 model, it has had it for a month or so already.
Just tacking onto chaserichard's comment.

[Jones Park](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=7155) is also a fun course. Been a while since I have played there but I'm told it keeps getting better. 
It is not too far from Buckhorn either.

Zebulon is a decent course but that's quite a drive and really the only place over there.

This will be a good resource for you. http://www.dgcoursereview.com/browse_map.php?mode=map&szip=27540

The ratings are pretty accurate I would say.
Isn't that a bad thing though? Like we got pushed to 4th down so frequently...  sure we tried a lot but it does say attempted, not converted.
Around 42:18
Based on your goals I'd definitely go for CS in the College of Science.
Right on the money, it even hides when you are scrolling. Perfect implementation already.

Perhaps a setting to choose the location.. But I like it where it is.
I'm actually American, been living here since July. I love it!
I have a Nexus 5x waiting for me in the USA. Got the black Friday deal for 350 usd for the 32gb version. Was thinking of getting an LG G4 as well and then selling the one I like less. I'm thinking the G4 will be too big for me.

Honestly would probably have gotten the Z5 compact if it weren't for the 810 processor or the price. Depending on how much I like the Nexus 5x, I may sell that when the phones with the 820s start coming out.

Edit: really dont mind my S4, especially since it got lollipop. But the tech geek in me wants an upgrade :-)
New or used at that price? Also where? (I live in the Netherlands)
Actually couldn't tell you. I'm not particularly good at them myself. Can only throw them about 190-230. 

The more (over)stable the disc the longer it takes to do the full barrel roll.

I mostly use them for escape shots.
Easy enough to throw it high with a thumber or tomahawk? I can't throw it anywhere close to 400 but it might help saving par...
Why are there three 1 loss ACC teams in the top 10?

Especially Virginia, they've beaten nobody good...
So we can end your perfect season? :-) how touching
Yea but that comes with a contract.
Where do you see the g4 at 350?
Haven't played it in a while but what about hole 7? Easy rhbh hyzer shot with very little in the way. I'd say I birdie that one almost every time. It's the easiest hole I think.

Been 6+ months since I've played it but I think it is #7?
I think the host needed to say 'emerging' a few more times. I've already forgotten the name of the show.
Funda.nl, I think there is a option to switch to English in the top right. 


Oh right, immediately forgot that bs after I read it a couple years ago. 
We're your most hated rival? Really?
Pretty much the same problem if the truck is long enough
Craigslist with an rss feed based on your search criteria. You can be notified the minute someone posts a place that matches your criteria. Really useful for being the first to respond to an ad.

Thats how I got my place when I lived in Raleigh.
Mainly due to the hill on the other side. The front of the truck can clear it but as it goes up hill, the back rises and gets stuck.

If it were flat ground, it would be fine but the hill makes the opening smaller than it originally appears.

Also truckers just not paying attention to the height max...
A ref in real soccer would never blow the whistle when a shot is in the air or going toward the net. They'd wait for the result and then blow it
Just 'print' the article, then you get full access without any ads. I actually think there are some browser plugins that can load it in print mode by default. Very useful for sites like this one. I had to manually delete the 'overlay' that was blocking the article and then click print so I could read the whole article.

Not great that you have to do that crap to read an article...
Looks like I played the wrong courses when I was in New Zealand.
Just need to do something like this in his notification code to capture the swipe away and then mark the notification as read. Could easily make a setting 'Swipe away notification marks it as read'

     //Dismissing notifications will clear the count/titles
            PendingIntent deleteIntent = PendingIntent.getBroadcast(this, 0, new Intent(this, NotificationBroadcastReceiver.class).setAction("mark_as_read"), PendingIntent.FLAG_CANCEL_CURRENT); //'action' is custom for what you want to call it.

and then something like this to actually mark it as read.

    public class NotificationBroadcastReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver {
        @Override
        public void onReceive(Context context, Intent intent) {
           //mark as read code here
        }
    }

And then setup a receiver in AndroidManifest.xml with the correct action
I'd would say do CS if you can. You'll learn how to code and also a lot of theory that will help set you a part when getting into the programming world. CPT is more 'real-world' programming and application of the concepts where CS teaches you some of that but more of a focus on theory and algorithm design. 

Based on your ACT score, you might be bored in CPT. I actually changed from Computer Engineering to CS after my 3rd semester because I didn't like the Electrical Engineering focus in Computer Engineering. My advisor recommended I do CS instead of CPT due to the difference in difficulty since my GPA was still pretty good in Engineering.

I think it would be relatively straight forward to switch from CS to CPT, but quite difficult to go the other way around.

That said, I think with CS or CPT, you will almost certainly be guaranteed a job when you graduate with either choice. One word of advice for both majors... start the homework and programming assignments as soon as you get them. Not an easy thing to 'last minute' unless you are particularly talented.
https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/3p61un/slug/cw3ib9z
https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/3p61un/slug/cw3ib9z
I'd say cut your losses. I got about to the point where I had all 3 controllable players and beat the first major boss ("First Encounter") and then dropped it. The concept of this game was good but the hand holding never goes away which really annoyed me. The story was too child-like and the game play didn't make up for it. I realized I wasn't enjoying it enough to continue. Would have loved this game when I was < 12 yrs old.
I use nova launcher and you can set gestures to open apps/perform actions.

Double tap is google voice search, Swype up on any of my home screens and our launches Google now. (All configurable, that's just how I have it)

Not exactly the same but sorta close.
>At launch, just shy of 30 publishers are already on board. Twitter, Pinterest, **LinkedIn**, and WordPress.com are among the first wave of partners.

Lol at LinkedIn. That's gotta be one of the worst mobile sites I've ever used.
No worries, honestly I probably shouldn't have commented because clearly others have enjoyed your post. A reminder isn't bad once in a while :-)
This has been posted in this sub about 5 times in the last year or so. I guess it is good to remind people.

For those people who have a phone where the action bar does not work, long press the refresh button instead.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say Lucy did exactly what she is doing here at her old workplace. Lucy created a hostile environment there, people reacted negatively to her being a shitty person and she assumed it was because she was transgender. 

Just how I see it.
I can honestly say as someone who still toys with my old galaxy nexus for development purposes and am now using an S4 with lollipop. You don't know what you are missing. The S4 is 2+ years old at this point and still blows the nexus out of the water. Can't imagine the difference a newer flagship would make.
Upside down smilie, now I'm starting to doubt it.
Eursport 2 plays some AFL about once a week. (I currently live in the Netherlands and just found it on my tv guide)

For example:
10:00-13:00 Eurosport 2 on Sept 26th.
Really nice video. I've moved away from Raleigh recently and this made me miss it.

What kind of setup are you using for your drone if you don't mind sharing?
Just ask her what her name is, and when she tells you in a surprised/offended manner, say 'Oh sorry, I meant your last name'.

Good trick that I've never had fail.
Google wallet also works quite well
This is only true in some states. NC for example has no such law. I definitely checked that out when I was living there as it really frustrated me.
I hope their breakfast is better than their dinner... One of my worst meals in Raleigh. Never would go back
Definitely has something to do with the menu button. I can get it to break easily by tapping the menu button several times in a row. Then the back button remains broken for a while.

I get into a weird loop where tapping the menu button partially shows the menu then it immediately hides. Only holding my menu button causes the menu to fully open and that fixes the back button on the app.

Galaxy S4 on lollipop
Try on an easier difficulty?
When I lived there, we bunked our own beds. The bottom 4 corners of one bed just sort of fit over the top posts of other. This was 10 years ago so I'm guessing things are different as it was quite obvious how to do it. 

We actually had all 4 beds in one room with an L loft for the first semester since we knew our suite mates well and had planned to live there the year before. 

The other room was the game/hangout room connected via the bathroom 
There are several courses in NC designed for children. Most near schools. I tried one that was right next to a public pool.
I did a factory reset, then I Odined it to the stock 5.0.1 rom from Verizon on xda. Then I just ran KingRoot. There was a post on the galaxys4 subreddit that described the process in more detail. On my phone now but will try to find a link and include it as an edit.

Edit: This was the post that prompted me to look around: https://www.reddit.com/r/galaxys4/comments/34knaj/upgrade_to_501_with_root_vzwi545/

I flashed a slightly different rom since the OP's links didn't work. This was the name of the file I used: **I545VRUGOC1_Neutered_Full_Odin.tar** with **Odin3+v3.10.6**. Sorry I don't have more precise links for you. I had missed the whole MDK train so it was nice to get the 'official' update and then root it. Still stuck with touchwiz but the Lollipop version works pretty well.
KingRoot should do the trick. Just recently upgraded and rooted my Verizon s4 to lollipop  and it feels like a completely different phone. 
Racing? On bike or in car?
Thank you so much for the research! 
Can't he just say he is moving out and then the lease would end... not seeing the problem here.
If you root I think every phone can do it if it's over 4.4. It works on my s4
Nadal has the overall win/loss over Federer and it is not close. 

>Of their 33 matches, 15 have been on clay, 15 have been on hard court, and three have been on grass. Federer has a winning record on grass (2–1), while Nadal leads on clay (13–2) and hard court (9–6). Nadal leads the head-to-head of their 11 Grand Slam matches (9–2), with five of these wins on the clay courts of Roland Garros, and both losses on grass at Wimbledon.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federer%E2%80%93Nadal_rivalry


I love this game so much. The double catch (catching the frisbee then catching the can/bottle with the frisbee) is so satisfying. Definitely try this out OP. It can be played with singles and doubles.
I think #9 is also aceable. Pretty short hyzer around the trees. Definitely hit that basket a few times.
Kansas City is pretty good too. (~32 courses of 18 or more)

http://i.imgur.com/8FQe18C.png
Why not just get a router with openvpn or something? That seems way simpler than what you are trying to do. 
Did you mean to link to the Team Mullet returns to Verdugo video...? Was expecting someone to play 18 holes with the same disc, not some 2 min video with fast transitions and a bunch of mullets... 
Fantastic shot! Did it clip a tree? Having trouble following the trajectory in the video. Pretty awesome you were able to get it on film. His smile was priceless 
There's a video at the top too. Not the one with cam kicking 
This is my favorite, so satisfying. 
Trailor Park boys reference I believe (on Netflix) 
Misleading title, that's for the S4 not the S5
You using the stock? Because this is one of the best cameras (from that generation) when using touchwiz. I haven't used my point and shoot camera in years. 
Polish up a LinkedIn profile and add some buzz words for things she knows how to do. I get people messaging me on there on a daily basis. 
Get a google voice number, WiFi texting galore! 
Love that course 
Based on your post history, you are a Roger fanatic so this type of response doesn't surprise me at all. You are the type of person that makes this sub annoying to read. 
Thanks for the suggestion. Will be useful 
Just seems like every damn post I read is about federers outfit or comment or new fragrance or something. I'm over it. The sub reddit had a hard on for Federer and it's not subtle. 
Pretty sure we could merge /r/tennis with /r/federer and nobody would know the difference. 
Drink, lots of summer specials at the bars. 
Could try disc golf at one of the local courses. Could get some discs made for each person with a company logo etc for < 10/per person I'd imagine. Cedar Hills has some nice covered picnic tables near the first hole and you could have people playing and cooking food etc. 
Actually [Hue] (http://hueraleigh.maac.com/)  is quite expensive... /s
Fantastic! Good luck 
I'd buy one from swappa.com. Honestly, I'd tell you to get a used S5. S4 is definitely dated at this point and the S5 is superior in pretty much every way. 
[zipcode search](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/browse.php?cname=&designer=&coursetype%5B%5D=1&coursetype%5B%5D=2&holes=0&length_min=&length_max=&holetype=0&teetype=0&num_reviews=&rating_min=&rating_max=&yem=&yex=&cndtn=&terrain%5B%5D=1&terrain%5B%5D=2&terrain%5B%5D=3&landscape%5B%5D=1&landscape%5B%5D=2&landscape%5B%5D=3&mtees=&mpins=&private=1&paytoplay=1&country=1&city=&state=&zipcode=27701&zip_distance=) 

Definitely check out Valley Springs. 
Good luck, if you need anymore help just pm me. Will be on vacation starting in about 24 hrs so I might not respond quickly after that. 
I was just able to register an account with [callcentric.com](https://www.callcentric.com/) and got a number in NY. I can probably transfer that account to you if you want or you can sign up yourself. All you need is an email address (doesn't even need to be the google email address you want your google voice contact # assigned to). Basically you should be able to sign up, get a number from them and then use a 'soft phone' (software phone) to accept google's call. Then initiate the Google Voice sign up. You may need a vpn for the USA though to allow you to sign up. A really easy solution is [HotSpotShield](http://www.hotspotshield.com/) (it seems a little spammy but it works well and you'll only need it temporarily) for voice signup. You should be able to enter your call centric # for google and have it call you and then enter their confirmation code. Been a while since I did it so I may have skipped some steps. Just let me know if you have problems.
You should be able to get a USA number that would allow you to get a voice account. I did it for my wife's parents in Denmark. There's some Voip websites that allow free incoming calls and that's all you need for the voice account. I'd link you but I'm on my phone now. 
This is the most bizarre thing I've seen on this sub. 
I've got a 99 Volvo s80 with only 140,000 miles on it you might be interested in. Moving to Europe otherwise we'd keep it. 
I love my glide, I need to get a backup though as it fills a big hole in my bag. 
Use google voice and call for free. Or if that is too hard to set up, use Skype. It's like a penny a minute or something. I'm confused as to how you are studying abroad and haven't figured out a cheap way to call your family/friends.
Much higher production quality than I was expecting. Well done 
I just meant in general for interns. I had one for 24/hr back in 2008 but that was in Connecticut and it was after my 3rd year. 
42/hr is not normal from my experience. 19-24 is pretty typical, especially for a first year intern 
Did you mean this video? https://youtu.be/swOIev-9k_o
Get an S5 or something instead. This phone is getting dated, I can't imagine having to use it for another 2 years. I liked it for the most part but there are definitely better options out there right now. 
Did anyone really want to be a storm trooper? Not buying that one, what kid wants to shoot without hitting anything and die in a seemingly endless supply. 

Very well done images though. 
I predict you curb stomp them. 
Most companies I talked to when I was a student wouldn't even consider someone below a 3.0. Your mileage may vary depending on the quality of the company. 

I would say, if you are at or below a 2.5 right now, you'll probably struggle with the upper level classes 
I'm not the Dev... but you are clicking the 'link' from your profile. You aren't specifically targeting the comments. It makes perfect sense that it opens the YouTube app and I doubt he will change it. This is like clicking a reddit link in your browser and expecting it to take you to the comments instead of what is linked. Perhaps it could be made as a setting... but then it would likely happen for all links coming from your profile  (YouTube or not).
That place served me my worst meal in my adult life. I'd never go back. It was akin to food from a can. My wife also didn't like her meal much there. Always surprised to see it recommended. Perhaps we were just unlucky 
RTI can actually be pretty anal about non-employees using the course.. I don't work there but I've heard of people getting kicked off of it. 

Edit: I see someone else also pointed this out 
I live really close to there and would be down to play most evenings 
This is really cool. Maybe create an import/export so people can save their bags? I see the localStorage variable is basically just a JSON object. Doesn't seem like it'd be too hard to implement. Could probably also make this an android/iphone app pretty easily
For some reason I didn't think the one I had used required root but you were right. This one doesn't require xposed from what I can see but I guess that doesn't help you. Sorry to get your hopes up. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bjbinc.mwmphone
There's a pretty easy way to do it with any app at least for my S4. Been a while otherwise I'd link you. A quick Google search should find it. 
Reading the article would help. 

>The union, which represents over 30,000 doctors and health specialists in the country. 
Almost like they had a legitimate reason to do so (prevent spammers)... Also you still need to pay for your T-Mobile plan. That creates a barrier to entry for spammer's using T-Mobile. Much such easier to get a Google account than a T-Mobile plan. No reason to shit on Google.
You're also still paying for your T-Mobile plan... So ”free”
You know the p in 'rip' stands for... Oh
Only applies when you are reaching first base from home plate (right after you hit the ball). After that if you are off the base you can be tagged out. 

It's more so in place so you can hit the bag at full speed trying to beat the throw out but is only applicable for a single 
I'm not sure why you are being downvoted. You make some great points and didn't really say anything negative about shelter dogs except that they are a gamble (which they most certainly are).

I myself adopted a cat from a shelter, but we had fostered it from 5 weeks old so I knew what I was getting which I think is a reasonable expectation with a pet.
Why till you move there? (genuinely interested, moving to Rotterdam in July) 
If you'd like your phone to not work anymore, then sure. 
I unfortunately won't be able to make it either. Just wanted to spread the word so others could hopefully go.
[imgur link](http://imgur.com/YEA57iV) for those of you that don't want to deal with facebook.
Definitely a volt 
I mean technically you are always seeing history as it takes time for light to get to your eyes... 
 not as much, look who was at double bonus with 10 to play when msu wasn't even close to regular bonus 
Yea.. That was pretty bad there... 
Are you blind? Really though, get your eyes checked 
You'll need to get a zero lemon battery if you want anything better than your nexus 4 is giving you. I'd get an s5 instead if I had the choice. Much better battery life and specs 
This makes far more sense and what I always used... Why would holding the refresh button do that... 
I mean, if you say so.. They never really had a chance in my mind. 
You are completely right 
I hate Kentucky as much as the rest of you but he was clearly moving his feet and leaning into it. 
66.7% overall. Get your facts straight 
This guy copied you https://www.reddit.com/r/CollegeBasketball/comments/30nj13/slug/cpu198n

And has more pts 
Who was shooting 80%? Arizona shot better from the floor and the free throw line.
You assume they would have kept shooting them had they not been  hot from 3 pt range. 
Awesome 
One of the Scandinavian countries or maybe The Netherlands? They speak good English there. 
Call the types of fouls they do here at the end intentional? Foul shots, then ball back. 
Really needs to be fixed. Even when it's my team trying to come back I hate it. 
This shit is so painful. This isn't basketball. 
Not working on mobile for me. 
Checkout the Fletcher Park area. Lots of nice condos for rent from private owners. I'm living there now(moving in July to Europe) and we pay 1050/month for a 2 bedroom place like.  The complex  is filled with young professionals. (25-40 yr olds), has a pool. Close to the park and only a mile or so to campus. 

This one is similar to the one I live in http://raleigh.craigslist.org/apa/4900121742.html
As someone who switched from ECE to CS after 3 semesters,  the classes I was exposed to were of similar difficulty. Most of the core requirements for your first 2-3 semesters are fairly similar. I only had a couple classes that didn't end counting for anything. ECE was hard, but not unfair. I realized I wanted to be a programmer so there was no point in me spending time learning the hardware side of things. CS definitely will prepare you better for a software development career.

I will say, if you have any inclination that you will eventually be doing coding as a career, I would say go the CS route. From my experience, ECE is more like a major in Electrical Engineering and a minor in a less intensive computer science. 

One thing I will say... Freshman Engineering was a giant waste of time for me. It is designed to weed people out and you hardly to get to any specialized classes for your major until the 3rd semester. I wish I had started in CS but hindsight is 20/20.
Really fun to play on console. I'd definitely recommend picking it up. You can probably play through a few times and then sell it for damn near what you paid for it.
Pole cat is a midrange? Always thought it was a putter. 

I guess it has approach on it but the profile suggests more putter to me. 
It's not great with the seeds you had... 
That's awesome. Looks like a great time. I've been meaning to get some glow rounds in
Only play this if you are prepared to have your hand held for the entire game. 
Overrated schools stick together 
Ugh that's upsetting. That was one of the more memorable holes. It was fun to get it through it from the blue tees. That really stinks. 
We'd have given them a better game. 
Glad cinncinati is out. 
We tried.. Damn cinncinati... 
So I haven't been watching the whole game... But just looking at the stats..  How does Valpo have so many more shots? I'd have expected to see tons of rebounds or something to explain the difference... 
Didn't realize this was flag basketball...
This is like the Purdue game yesterday. I hope the result is different... 
There's 2 or three threads if you search 

Edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/CollegeBasketball/comments/2zmhdi/slug/cpku5ze
Which earlier? 
As much as I hate to say it, I really hope IU wins so they will shut the fuck up about this 'rivalry'

Edit:dammit 
You could try HotSpot Shield. The UI is a little spammy but it worked for me on other USA sites when I was in Denmark. Then you can use CBS sports in an incognito tab in chrome? 

Also this may help https://www.reddit.com/r/CollegeBasketball/comments/2zmqxw/how_to_watch_march_madness_from_the_united_kingdom/
This seems far more realistic 
Welcome to our world. This is how we live. Enjoy the glimpse 
4 point swing 
This is some bull shit 
Meetup.com has a group that plays once or twice a week. They rotate courses and sometimes do road trips outside the Triangle.  Pretty casual and laid back group. 

My favorite courses in the area are Cedar Hills, Apex Nature Park, and Buckhorn (UNC and Valley Springs are awesome too but they are a far drive for me). Posting from mobile otherwise I'd link them. There are 10+ courses within about 30 min drive from where I live in Raleigh. 
I'll be happy if either of us knocks off Kentucky.. obviously I'd prefer it to be Purdue... but I'll take what I can get.

Would you consider forfeiting so we can save a good half against you for the Kentucky game? We seem to be able to only play one good half per game so maybe if we save one we could put two together against UK.
Or Purdue, jk
I mean, you know you can beat us... UK on the other hand... We'd be doing everyone a huge favor if we skirt by cinncinati and take down Kentucky 

Chances it happens? Next to zero 
You forgot Indiana... No way they should have made it 
I left Indiana as soon as I graduated... Currently in NC for another few months before moving overseas. 
People from Iowa can't wait to get out of Iowa. 
Hook it up to a computer and use adb to restart it. No root necessary 

I think the command is adb reboot but you can google it. 
I think you'd need to account for force much greater than your weight due to swinging or shooting out a strand while falling. 
In one round? That's impressive. That course from golds destroyed my spirit. 
4 B1G teams in the west WTF
Thanks for the response. This seems like the best option for me. I will reach out to De Belastingdienst to see what they expect of a person in this situation.
I appreciate the response. It seems like the freelancing/startup route may not be an option as I will only have one client. I'm definitely going to publish some sort of blog post once I figure all this stuff out just to try and help others in a similar situation. 
That seems like the easiest option. I need to figure what The Netherlands is expecting from me related to taxes etc. Another user wrote that there is a treaty to prevent double taxation between the USA and The Netherlands so thats good.

Any idea if I could do that legally for the long term? Wasn't sure if there would be some limitation on the time limit.
Thank you for the response. Unfortunately I don't see too much information regarding more than working temporarily.
The guy he was teaching was a pro? Looked like he was struggling. 

Edit: The students profile: http://www.itftennis.com/procircuit/players/player/profile.aspx?playerid=100109418

(talk about a poor profile picture for the guy) 
You  can stay in people's private homes or even whole apartments for a lot less than a hotel. Google 'Airbnb Raleigh' . I think there is a map view as well if location is really important to you. 


[example place] (https://m.airbnb.com/listings/2559228) 

I really like it because the host can also recommend things to do or even go out with you. Airbnb as a whole is sorta like a bed and breakfast but less 'romantic'. 
Honestly your best bet is probably Airbnb and an uber to and from the show after bar hopping. I think hotels downtown can be pricey. 
Just tried that out for Android. Good god is that an ugly app. The idea is great but they could really use some help with their UI and explaining how the app works. Not intuitive at all. 
Congrats! 

Distance? Type of shot? Disc? Maybe a link to the hole on dgcourse review? Can't leave us hanging with no details! 
I'm so confused why people are saying ncsu is a lock... As someone that lives in Raleigh and cheers for them, I figured getting blown out by Boston College put you back on the bubble. 
Also we're not last dammit. Points at Illinois and Indiana. 
So are those links to his posts or what? Never really used 4chan so I don't know what the numbers mean. 
Maybe Kingdoms of Amalur? I got it on psplus a while ago. Seemed fun. 
Awesome post. Really interesting to read. I also like that your chart shows IU as majorly over seeded. 
>... all of Verizon's other 4G phones can connect to the CDMA network, for calls, and the LTE network, for data, simultaneously. This allows concurrent usage of voice and data, albeit over two separate network connections with two separate antennas.

This is from an article talking about how the older iPhone can't do both but other 4g phones can. 

Source: http://arstechnica.com/apple/2012/09/still-no-simultaneous-voice-and-data-on-the-verizon-or-sprint-iphone-5/

4th paragraph 

Edit: perhaps you meant the new phones don't have CDMA or something so they can't do it but the older ones can? 
Right,  but the other method still works for what this person was asking about. 
If you have a 4g LTE phone, you can do this right now.  My S4 does it flawlessly. 
Link directly to video:  http://youtu.be/-7WL1ZFFplw
Maybe it's just me... But none of these seem like particularly good deals. 
Hennis was my goto place when I was there. Good haircuts and cute girls 
>Their 

IU grad confirmed. 
Maybe something to track the number of steps I take during a match or a heat map of my court movement?

Would be interesting to see my shot selection as well. Average shuttle speed. 
I've had that burger,  I thought it was fantastic. 

Don't get the crab cakes, they were super tiny. 
I love that place but that's no where close to 20/plate.
8% and 3% respectively.  Verizon 4.3. Never bothered to update since I was happy with performance and battery. 

Screen at 59%.

IMO they should be lower. 
Basketball could use some shadow work but other than that, well-done! 
Ummmm....  What? Wrong comment? Bad autocorrect? 
Get a chromecast, works much better for Hulu plus. 
I really liked this game but the controls may be frustrating for a man in his 50s. Plus it's not always easy to find the bosses 
Bi-weekly? That's dangerous... That's when I get paid... 
Look right below the 1 in the '18', there's a tail sticking out 
I bought it on PC for 1 dollar, and I'm not sure it was worth it. Driving to races was tedious and I really wanted the 'Crash Mode' for multiplayer. Instead they replaced that with something called 'showtime' was is somewhat similar but does not allow doing the same 'level' over and over. Wasn't nearly as much fun.

Not sure how it is on the PS3 but I didn't enjoy it on PC.
"creating".  Maybe 2 of them... 
G0BEARS
Why the hell would the say that if it wasn't confirmed. So stupid
He might have been thinking of in the past. When I started in 2004, there were no pluses and minuses. I dont recall the year it switched but I remember being pissed because a lot of my B's were 88-89 which would have yielded a higher GPA for me overall.

Edit: http://www.purdue.edu/uns/insidepurdue/2008/080519_Plus-minus.html

Seems to have been in 2008.
I'll first ask why do you want to root /change roms? If you don't have a specific reason,  you may not need to. There may be apps you can install that can fix the problem you have. 

If you really want to root/rom, you can typically find pretty good guides that have very specific instructions on how to do it,  but if anything goes wrong,  it would be difficult for you to fix it without a lot of help. 

If you find the exact instructions for your situation,  it is as easy as following directions. 

I'd do some googling and find a guide for your phone and read it over before attempting. 

Rooting is much easier than changing roms. 
I think he meant it as a weight joke... Or maybe you are joking as well
You may be OK,  most Internet providers have much slower upload speeds than download. Trying to play your ps4 from your Vita would require a fast upload speed since it is originating from your network. With ps now,  the upload would be coming from Sonys servers which are likely quite fast. 
Touchwiz is the UI overlay/framework that comes standard with Samsung phones/tablets. They have customized android with their own "skin" and have optimized things such as the camera that depend on touchwiz being there. If you use a different rom that has stock android, touchwiz would not be present and thus the camera behaves differently. 

The camera app that comes with the S4 depends on touchwiz and has been tweaked to make it perform the best. 

If you have not done anything related to changing roms you are most likely using touchwiz. The only reason I mentioned it is because the S4 camera isn't as good without touchwiz. 
You can with custom firmware,  but there is a possibility of a ban on your psn account. I haven't tried it yet since I have such a large backlog of ps+ games. 

I've read it is not terribly difficult but you need to be careful. Not sure why Sony doesn't release this sort of functionality, would certainly boost sales. 
Try hdr mode in low light.  The camera on the s4 is really quite good as long as you are using touchwiz 
That doesn't seem correct. If you compared the death percentage of plane crashes to car crashes, I'd think plane crashes have a higher mortality rate... 

I believe that is the point the other person was trying to make. 
Looks like my cat http://imgur.com/dlFMBVL
Chrono Trigger is so much better than Ni No Kuni. Both in story and game play. 
Never said he did. The deadpan one liner style was certainly something Stephen Wright was doing before Mitch. There may have been others before as well. I was just surprised to see someone say Mitch was influenced by someone only 1 year his senior. 
I always thought it was more influenced by Stephen Wright. Tom Rhodes was born only 1 year before Mitch Hedberg. Thanks for the suggestion on the Netflix special.
>Read any driving book, it is illegal to stay in the passing lane which in America is always the far left lane, in a two lane highway this would be the left most lane of the two. 

I see you somewhat reference 'most places' in another comment but that was posted at the same time as my own. Don't mean to argue, just didn't want people to be misinformed.
It's actually not illegal in all states. North Carolina being one of them. Pisses me off to no end and totally messes with traffic flow.
This was the opposite of what my coach told me and what I found effective. You are trying to beat them at their own game which probably isn't going to work as they have had a lot more practice than you. The easiest thing to lob is another lob. You need to get them out of the comfort zone. Low slices, bring them to net. Run them around a little bit.
You have an error on your final standings.  I'm assuming Wysocki did not shoot a 42 in the second round. Probably should have been a 52 for the total to make sense 
> The front 9 is 3146 feet, par 28.
I think I there is at least one par 4 as well. Doesn't hurt to pack some of the 'big boys' anyway.

From what I can tell... it has to do with the text to speech options which are not the easiest to find....

From the home screen, press the menu key (left of the home button). Then go to settings (or use the app for settings), then choose the 'My Device' tab, then 'Accessibility', then 'Text to speech options', then speech rate. You may need to restart your phone after you change it. Mine didn't seem to take effect immediately.
Maybe you should get a Tangent?  😊
There used to be a casual club that would run just about every day around 5 pm.  Not sure if it still exists
I mean the stroke you threw to get it to land on the top counts... but there is no 'penalty' stroke in addition to it. If your 2nd shot landed on top, you'd tap in for a 3 just like if it landed right by the pole under the basket.
Congrats! I'm always worried to go for it on 1 as it may skip into the road.  I've hit a few baskets on the fly at Kentwood but no aces there yet. 
Why bother shoveling off the teepads? Just play from close to where the sign is located.

Thats what I always did when I played in the snow.
From my experience, there is definitely a shortage of software developers in this area...
Boulted bread on South St just opened not too long ago. Their bread is awesome,  especially their baguettes. They also have a decent Scandinavian rye but it is a little pricey.  I think they serve some coffee too and have a some pastries to choose from. 
I don't have 4.4.4 but did they do away with the two finger pulldown on the nav bar? That gets me all my quick settings
I mean there is no question in my mind he could be a great disc golfer. He has amazing control of ultimate discs. Was just pointing out a video I had seen.
That's what I was thinking... left his hand before the arm came forward...
They have 3 timeouts... wtf
And blocked pat
I feel like I remember a video of him and Avery playing and he was mediocre.

Edit: Sunset Showdown - Brodie Smith vs. Avery Jenkins: http://youtu.be/XrZl5e-CRZk

Funny they would start filming on hole 7...
I'm sure the hardware is 100% identical in every phone and nothing ever fails. I personally haven't had any problems with mine but you are crazy if you think it is all user error.
They asked for tea, not tea flavored corn syrup. But seriously, it's pretty good.
Lucky Bs?

Edit: http://www.luckybsbar.com/
Not really sure what to make of that...
Not sure about your state.. but mine allowed me to vote between 630 am and 7pm. Was your training 12.5 hours long?
Except for the large number of incumbents that keep getting reelected...
I mean sure... you could try to make that argument except for exit polls like [this](http://reason.com/blog/2014/11/05/exit-polls-for-haugh-sarvis-who-did-they) which show the opposite of your argument.

It's not stealing from the 'loser', it is stealing from the person that more closely aligns with your ideals.
You use cold medicine to help you sleep? Why not just get a sleeping aid...?
Some of us understood your sarcasm...
Anyone else more bothered by the fact that the libertarian + democrat were more votes than the republican for senate? Shame we don't do ranking/preferential instead of individual. That way a minority of people don't get their way. I'm all for 3rd party candidates, don't get me wrong, but not when the voting system in place allows a minority ideology to prevail.
I'm not sure if all universities have one, but I went to Purdue University and they had a semi-competitive club team that practiced a few times a week. During the winter they had discounted court times indoors. When it was nice enough outside, it was free.

To clarify it was not like joining a country club where you pay monthly. It was student run for the most part and we'd occasionally play against other schools club teams as well.
College club tennis? Usually free or very cheap. That or tennis ladders in your city.
You have no idea what you are talking about. Programmers are in crazy demand right now all over the world.
Only frustrating if you don't know how to use the tools at your disposal.
They counted the td, then it got overturned because it was fumbled before breaking the plane.
What? They were pro Ole Miss the whole damn game.
Fumble auburn ball? Game over?
Every year*
We've been bad enough for so long we've used all of our saltiness up.
I'm still laughing?
Lol us beat someone good?
Hd version on the ps3 is cheap.
Never fostered dogs, but I'd assume they would want you to keep them completely separate. Obviously if they walk past each other briefly it probably won't be an issue. But probably separate other than that.
Based on my experience with the SPCA (different organization), they strongly advise you to keep them isolated since the foster animal has a high chance of having picked up something while they were in the shelter. I've foster 10+ kittens and I'd say 3-4 of them had some sort of Kennel cough or eye infection when I brought them home. They want to try to get that out of their system before they infect your  existing pet(s).

They may have a different reason though.

Edit: In terms of 'separation', we just had our kittens in a separate room with their own litterbox and food bowl.
Congrats! How about some specifics?

Hole length? Rhbh or..? Windy conditions? What kind of line?

I think your fellow disc golfers would enjoy your post more if they can relate. A picture of a disc and the basket doesn't help much.
You lost the wrong weekend Minnesota...
Depends on the area and your grades... but yes that is the bottom of the range I mentioned...
I think it will vary pretty widely depending on location and how many internships you've had/your grades.

I'm not sure why your friend would think you couldn't get great salaries graduating from Purdue. It has solid Comp Sci/Comp E programs.

If I had to guess on ranges, I'd say 50k-100k just based on talking to classmates that graduated with me, but that was 5 years ago. The higher salaries were on the west coast and/or for defense companies.


Just looks like he can't believe he is out...
Video was way more entertaining
I'm more surprised by Monfils's hair
I disliked paradise for its open world. Never played revenge but paradise definitely does not have the same crash mode you are looking for. It had something called Showtime which somewhat resembles it but it's no where near as much fun. You don't get the same scenario each time and you can't directly compete with another player given the same circumstances. I was really disappointed after realizing they didn't have that mode. I played the game 3 hours tops before getting bored.
Not so long ago you were the joke of the big ten...
I don't get this when using reddit news. Perhaps it is the reddit client you are using? Does it do this to you when not using the in app browser?

E.g. http://imgur.com/fvm0dhu
Here is more proof that it helps with actual numbers:

http://www.hardcoreware.net/ssd-on-ps3-performance-guide/

Personally I went with a Hybrid drive as it offered faster load times, lots of space, and relatively inexpensive. I have 1tb and I like not having to uninstall anything. Really helpful after getting Playstation+.

That said, SSD would probably outperform the Hybrid drive if you swap games a lot.
Well that was disappointing
I swear I've never seen him play well...
It's almost as if products need to be tested before they are released. Imagine that
There are adapters for problems like this.
Really cool idea but I just get a giant blob in my home city. Is it possible to adjust the level at which something becomes red? It would be neat to tweak it so you can really see your most common routes. At a high level zoom its pretty useless. For places I've been to for 3 days it really red. Not sure how much processing is involved with setting the colors or if it is just mapping the data. It took around 5 hours to process my 133mb json file. That seems rather slow.

Would it be possible to just see the dots? instead of a heatmap? Would be interesting to see all the individual spots laid out at once.
I hear them talk about the ace but I don't see it on the video... is it in the background or something?
Unless it is during a football game (or other sporting event)  that involves that team.
I guess I know where my next hike will be.
Maybe it is just me... but isn't it a little early for this? I look out my window at work and see zero trees with any color but green. Also hiked in Umstead over the weekend and nothing had started changing yet...

Maybe in 2 weeks?
Just replace the internal hd. Very easy to do. You can find 500 gb for very cheap these days.

My fat model had been working great with the new hd.
Disc golf! Lots of courses in the area. It is cheap (just the cost of the discs) and you get to walk around outside. Easy to pick up but hard to master. Can easily be played year round.

Umstead park is also a nice place to go on hikes.

Lake crabtree has some kayaks and canoes you can rent and go out on as well.
I'd hardly say Cilic was unknown...
518 West can accommodate 10 easily, they have a back room you can reserve too.
I miss living in KC. Raleigh has some decent courses in the area but nothing like KC.
I'm with you, super happy.
Nope, North Carolina. The guy was from Sanford nc.
I found one and texted in a similar situation. The guy sent me some money over PayPal to ship it back to him. I guess he was trusting to send the money.
I suppose but it looked like the guy was just guiding the overheads in.
Seriously, that was pretty pathetic. All 3 overheads should have been putaways. Some poor lobs from Connors
This is a great idea, now I'm wondering how many courses were trying to help me and I missed it...
You should give Kayla call man...

http://i.imgur.com/VVWP3Egh.jpg
Thanks for the post even if I've seen it a bunch of times before on /r/discgolf
Well that was a lot longer than I was expecting... good read though.
Keep in mind it was set 20 years ago.
So... I'm afraid to ask how many years of programming you've had... I guess if it works...


Going to chime in slightly differently here. When I got married I was in a similar situation. What I found out was that inviting these relatives was more of a formality than actually expecting them to come. It was more about being polite. The family members you haven't spoken to in 10 years would hopefully realize this and take it as a "keeping me in the loop/thanks for thinking of me type invitation" and not actually come.

That said, I don't know your exact situation. Would those people actually come? I might try to clarify that point with your mother.

Also.. getting married in a few months and no final guest list? When are you sending out invitations!? :-)
Cool pics but I think you need to clean the lens on your camera. Lots of blurry shots.

How'd you play?
True, I like deep fried fish, but the restaurant at the farmers market is not good nc style seafood.
Was just there, sub par unless you really like deep fried everything with the same color and texture. 42nd street oyster bar would be my choice.
Certainly written like some one with the disease. All over the place. Very hard to follow
You still playing with the meet up group? I haven't been since the great 8. Been really busy. I'm down for a throwing a round whenever
Nice post. Was definitely fun tagging along. I'm up to 36 courses now. Plenty of catching up to do.
I'm a good 15-20 hours in and the intense hand holding never stopped....
Wasn't this guy's post focused on putting technique? I agree with your points about varying shots to suit the line on normal shots but OP was specifically asking about putting styles.
> less expensive

Checks website: $6.36 without airport fees vs $6.00 for the purple lot?

The other stuff is a nice touch but it doesn't seem cheaper.
I think the person who actually did this posted it a few months ago. That said, I enjoyed watching it again.
Wow, I love my tangent. It's my dead straight disc and I prefer it to my Buzz. I can throw about 300-350 ft on drives fairly consistently(with other discs) and I have trouble turning mine over from a flat to hyzer release. Not exactly a power player, but not a beginner. Holds almost every line I throw it on.

Maybe mine is out of the ordinary.
That was me! You're welcome. Always nice to meet a fellow disc golfer and return a disc (an ace disc at that!) Thanks for the crave! I'll be trying it out tomorrow at the SAS course most likely.

Looking forward to playing another round with you sometime soon.
Not on the latest version... but have you tried the two finger pulldown on the notification bar? That'll show a lot more 'quick' settings.

It should look different than a single finger pull down.
You should probably invest in an mhl cable/adapter to connect to a monitor or tv and a Bluetooth controller. The screenshare functionality will likely have too much lag to play anything other than turn based games anyway.

Like this one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00EAM863M?cache=f704b2ccc57e0c7cdca5a7340730cfdc&pi=SX200_QL40&qid=1405903708&sr=8-1#ref=mp_s_a_1_1
I got it working on my win 8 laptop. Totally not worth the trouble. Haven't used it since. The software was buggy and felt more gimmicky than useful although that's sort of Samsung's trademark.

 What are you trying to accomplish? Genymotion is a solid emulator for android if you just want to have android on a bigger monitor.
Love the song but that was a pretty terrible video.
Wow, I was sitting just to the left of where this picture was taken last night. 
Might have been his buddies putt which put him ahead or something in their competitive round?
I've seen some really poor driving in the triangle, this was nothing. I'm thinking the driver didn't realize there was more construction cones across the way and had already committed by the time he/she realized.
Only so much a ref can do against a team like Germany.
Watch espn just got chromecast support recently. That's another option
I had trouble reading the numbers on some of those holes. Might want to make them a bit bigger.

This also looks like a park that probably only should have had 9 holes based on the crowding.
Was really hoping someone had posted this in response. Thanks!
Yep. You could have done this via GrooveIP for the last few years until Google turned off 3rd party support.
If by beast you mean he played an awful world cup except for one play. Holy shit Bradley was bad. Every time he touched the ball, I was worried.
Not sure my heart can take another 30 min.
This doesn't work for you?

http://deportesenvivo.univision.com/game/argelia-at-alemania-on-20140630
Awesome 2nd half. They deserved one. Extra time here we come
Hey Logan! Get some new tires yet?
See you this evening for Badminton? I'll be wearing a black/blue shorts and a blue shirt. My name is John and the other reddit person is named Barbara.
Probably doesn't help you as much since you have limited time here, but you can set up an RSS feed with craigslist on specific criteria and get a mobile app or Chrome Extensions to constantly search that criteria and let you know when something new pops up. Thats how I got my apartment. I replied within 2 minutes of the guy posting it and only got it because I was the first to respond.
I also took part in the Great 8. One of the participants had created a website to track scores so you could see how you were doing vs the field. You can see a pretty good summary of the courses here

http://g8scorekeeper.herokuapp.com/division/am

(note: On mobile it doesn't really give you a good breakdown on the courses per team due to screensize, looks much better on a desktop).
I felt the same way. Probably only used 6-7 disc the whole day. I swapped some out based on the course we were on just because I knew I wouldn't use them. Like at Kentwood I took most of my drivers out of my bag.
Rooting for the USA and I had to up vote you as I laughed quite hard at this.
Cool. Going to try to meet on Wednesday right after work (~5pm) with OP if you want to join us.
Edit: just realized this wasn't a PM. PM sent.


I'm very interested in this as well. Been looking to get back into it. I'd say I'm intermediate. Never had formal training but I have a good smash and decent reach.

Maybe I can meet you at the place some evening? How much was the monthly pass?
Dear England, passing the ball to the goalie does not count as a goal.
I really don't understand this argument. How does it matter where 2 people play in a tournament? That shouldn't skew anything. Both have a fair shot when they play, regardless of the round.

The surface argument I get, but Nadal owns Federer head to head both on and off clay.
I wrote a comment on this the other day. Nadal holds the edge head to head both on clay and not against Federer.

It was 10-8 on grass/hard and some ungodly skewed result on clay.
This was the first thing I thought of too. Downvotes are probably coming my way as well.

I guess the frames selected don't do his form justice given that he is a pro....
I must be one of the only ones that gets pictures sent to my email when one is sent to my Google voice number. No I am not on Sprint. I have Verizon. I read it was Sprint only one time so I'm not sure why it works for me.

I also don't understand mms... why not just send an email with the picture?
I actually checked the username after I watched to see if it was him posting. I want to guess Ohio as I think this is one of his regular courses.
I wasnt even talking about when he lost in the tournaments. Fact of the matter is, they played regardless of where it was in a tournament, and Nadal won the majority, not sure what else matters here. 


Did you mean to respond to me? I didn't say anything about going deep into the tournament.
I'm never going to give up my chromecast.
Just briefly skimmed over this page and counted by hand: (http://www.atpworldtour.com/Players/Head-To-Head.aspx?pId=F324&oId=N409)

Looks like they are ~10-8 (for Nadal) on surfaces other than Clay (Hard, Grass). Much closer but I think that invalidates much of what you are arguing. When you then add in the Clay, it's not close. Perhaps you could argue their 'primes' weren't directly overlapping so Nadal is now catching up as Federer ages, but I think it is a tough sell to call him GOAT when couldn't even beat his biggest rival on a consistent basis.
I laugh when people are so fixed on calling Federer the greatest of all time when he has been so thoroughly dominated by another player. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federer%E2%80%93Nadal_rivalry

23-10 currently.

I think these GOAT discussions are silly anyway.

Please note, I'm not saying Nadal is the GOAT, just that people who automatically pick Federer would have to explain his 30% win rate vs one of his biggest rivals.
I like to deep fry my day old sushi in pancake batter. Delicious breakfast
Buy a Chromecast. Seen them on sale for 25. You can cast a Pandora channel.
Guess you had to be there... 
You could probably do a Google hangout between the phones. No recording there but it would let you see the live stream.
I play a disc golf a few times a week, easy to go play a round by yourself and you can meet some great people while playing. There are quite a few courses in the area and playing is free once you get some discs.

Hit me up if you'd like to try it out. I've got plenty of discs to share.

You also could get an Amf summerpass and go bowling a couple times a week. It's like 40 bucks for the summer(ends beginning of sept) and you can bowl during the week up to 3 games each day for up to 4 people. Shoes not included
Mine too. Person just needs to reboot their phone.
Driver also wasn't even supposed to be on that road. They are closed off during the event. I guess they ignored the signs and went anyway. So driving in a restricted area and crossing a double yellow... 
Second on Waterworks, love that course. Swope is also pretty fun. You can really let some rip since it is so open. Rosedale has 2 courses, the top one being the better of the two. Down-under is an acquired taste :). Shawnee Mission is also fairly solid. If you are strapped for time, Waterworks is the can't miss.
[Driving Directions](https://maps.google.com/maps?saddr=35.818179,+-78.307554+(Zebulon+Community+Park\)&daddr=35.859200,+-78.628799+(Cedar+Hills+Rotary+Park\)+to:35.776330,+-78.696560+(Kentwood\)+to:35.665346,+-78.763379+(Middle+Creek+DGC\)+to:35.626034,+-78.926674+(Buckhorn+DGC\)+to:35.873794,+-79.068850+(Southern+Community+Park\)+to:35.907580,+-79.037900+(UNC+DGC\)+to:36.054277,+-78.961256+(Valley+Springs+Park\)&hl=en&sll=35.81227,-78.468847&sspn=0.169276,0.357399&geocode=FcOKIgIdHh9V-w%3BFQArIwIdQThQ-w%3BFUrnIQIdkC9P-w%3BFcI1IAIdjSpO-w%3BFTKcHwIdrqxL-w%3BFQJkIwIdToFJ-w%3BFfznIwIdNPpJ-w%3BFQUlJgIdmCVL-w&mra=ls&t=m&z=10)

About 2 hours 39 minutes total.
That is some really poor sportsmanship by kerber. She knows she's wrong and yet she stands and waits for the serve on the wrong side. That's awful
I'm definitely down for playing some tennis. Played in HS and a bit on the club team in college but I'm quite rusty. Send me a pm and we can exchange numbers or something.
Luckily I'm more concerned about finishing than my score! 
Are you on the meetup.com group?
I signed up with my bro, most I've ever done was 4 courses in a day. Kentwood must feel like a cake walk in the middle.
It's actually 'frisson' not 'frission', I always used to spell it how you did. Personally I think it flows better with the extra I and I still say it like that.

Not sure if you care but I thought it was amusing your correction also had a minor mistake.
Try cleaning the lens on the back of your phone.
I did too, tried it with their games and emulators. Completely unusable. Dpad controls were atrocious
I tried the free version of AllCast  and almost nothing would stream well. Would not recommend it.
Fyi, your email address is visible in the last screenshot.
I'm making something very similar to this but it does it over WiFi and you can view the pending queue and vote songs up and down. Been too lazy to clean it up... based on the interest here I may to get my butt in gear again.

Sad thing is I started it like 2 years ago and then lost motivation.
Was really hoping for it to end with getting more and more satirical like something on the onion. Instead I just wasted my time reading a poorly written article.
I've personally had a ton of fun playing this game: https://store.sonyentertainmentnetwork.com/#!/en-us/games/tank-battles/cid=UP2006-NPUB30108_00-BATTLETANKSGLMTL?emcid=em-ga-13775

It's quite simple, easy to pick up but can get challenging later. 2 player campaign but I think 4 can play on battle mode. 

Another suggestion would be castle crashers. 4 player beat'em up rpg with some good humor.
I think it would work fairly well although you may have to do some extra work to get the google play services on the virtual device. I've only tested it with an intel 4th gen I5 4 gb ram so I'm not sure of the performance on anything less than that.
Probably fine to leave around 745. Maybe 735 your first day, just to feel it out? Good luck
I make that drive every morning, it depends how far into the RTP you are and what times you plan on driving. Some days my commute is 12 min, sometimes it is 25.  If you don't mind going in at 745 or 9, you can usually miss the worst.

If it happens to be raining, add another 10 min. People here have no idea how to drive in below ideal conditions.

If you are used to DC traffic, this will be cake.
Use GenyMotion. Works fantastic for development.
Use GenyMotion. Works fantastic for development.
Playing it where it lies. Nice.

You played both courses under par though didn't you? Not sure this shot summarizes it :-)
Come say hello, wife and I are front and center. I'm in a blue short sleeve shirt and gray jeans.
I'm here, the sign says it starts at 11. Just trying to get us here early to give the bar some extra business? :-)
You can set the Classic Maps as your default. This should help in case you didn't know. https://support.google.com/maps/answer/3045828?hl=en
I was wondering that! I thought I had missed a whole part of the game...
How old are you? What is your budget? Do you care about living close to bars or restaurants? Do you want to walk to work?

We need a bit more detail to give you a good suggestion. I'd recommend finding an area you like and then searching on craigslist for offerings in that area in your budget. Also check out Trulia's crime map to make sure you don't rent in a bad area

[Trulia Crime Map](http://www.trulia.com/crime/Raleigh,NC/)
I'm glad that wasn't in there, was waiting for it :-)
Such an epic match.
They have a lot down near the train tracks. Never had a problem finding a spot there. Not sure if it is theirs officially though.
Stay away from the Hamburger Steak. Worst meal I've had in Raleigh. Haven't been back since.
If you can edit your post, probably want to warn people there are major spoilers in that video.

Really nice video to watch after completing the game though.
I've cast my chrome tab with hangouts running from my pc, worked so so. 
I personally don't see it as a big deal and frequently do this at a local course. The way I see it, it is better for everyone to spread play amongst all the holes if possible. More people paying disc golf at once = better.

I can see someone getting annoyed if you cut right in front of them but if you give yourself a buffer, not rude in my opinion.
Market needs as many engineers as it can get right now... don't see that slowing down anytime soon..
Your score bounced around a bit near 4:30 from -2 to -5. Some crazy wind too.

I think adding in the hole distance would be a nice touch. Also what hole you were on.

Thanks for the video.
>[From here:](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=6442) Sign indicates park hours **6:00 am** to **10:00 pm** 

Not sure if you have okayed this with people that live around there. Wouldn't want you to get in trouble.

Good luck!
Any aces? I played creekside in archdale today. Pretty fun course but a storm had taken down a ton of trees so that made it harder.
Here's a sample.
http://imgur.com/qhC3alA
I had the same experience. Played Uncharted 1 and 2, stopped partway through because I realized I want having any fun. Really boils down to a poor 3rd person shooter. Got the 3rd one free with ps+ and refuse to touch it.

Infamous is great.
Exact same feeling. Like damnnn Serena is really on it.
Thank you. Refs tried to steal it.
I swear if they give that to Tennessee
Hello make up call
Omg
Wow. I can't believe this crap.
How the hell? Clearly Michigan ball? Wtf
I was mainly joking. Thanks for taking the time to do that research.
Guessing a large part of that is the number of people not from the south in the area.  :-)
"Unfair", boohoohoo we didn't get to play cupcakes to the final four. I don't get this. It's not like they made it through a brutal draw and then lost because they were worn out. They lost the only meaningful game they played all year.
Very well put together video. More with this level of production value please!
In my opinion that kind of crap is the worst kind of basketball. Foul after foul. No flow. It is just frustrating to watch. There's no talent in it. Every other sport you'd be penalized more for intentionally fouling. It is just silly that it is part of an otherwise great game.
Live in the ncsu area, passive fan. Heart near exploding...
We beat you and IU this year. I believe we also lead the series against IU and you.
I'm not an NCSU alum but I work as a software developer. Did my degree in computer science at Purdue. My wife attends NCSU which is why I am in the area. Have about 5 years experience + 4 internships when I was in college. I'd be happy to answer any questions you might have. Currently on vacation until late tomorrow night. Not sure how soon you'd need someone. PM me and I'll try to respond but my internet is a bit spotty the next day or so.
Don't have great access to a computer at the moment to look things up but I always assumed theyd used something like oauth keys or a variation. They wouldn't store a plaintext password but when you first login, it creates an "agreement" that mint can access read only information about that account. Similar to how you can use your google account to log into things and you agree that the service can utilise that bit of functionality. I'd be shocked if they were storing plaintext passwords but someone please correct me if I am wrong.
If you are going to play just one. I'd definitely make it waterworks.  Swope is fun and where I really learned how to play disc golf but waterworks has some great views and awesome elevation changes. It is one of my favorites. Swope doesn't have nearly as much variety. 

Not trying to bash Swope because it is definitely a great course but there aren't as many memorable holes as waterworks.

Given that you have played for 3 years, waterworks should be fine difficultywise.
RTP is a melting pot of outsiders from other states/countries. You'll be fine.
I'd say elite 8 to me. A 1 seed typically has a cake walk to the sweet 16. They likely won't face any decent teams until the 2nd weekend.
My android skills are still a work in process but this is an awesome concept. 
There are a few clubs in the area. Chain bangers and something else. I don't remember the other off the top of my headed. I play with the meetup.com group.I believe we are playing the newly reopened lehigh farms course next weekend. 

Bunch of nice people from my experience and they rotate courses each week.

Several of the courses have weekly doubles when the weather is consistently nicer. Cedar Hills for sure has it.
And to think we almost took you down but for a missed 1-1 and some last second heroics in OT. Don't think we would have stood a chance tonight though...
I usually just toggle wifi off then on again and it fixes it. Usually happens when my phone has been on for a while.
Sounds good. Next available weekend for me is march 14th. 
Looks like you had a blast! Let me know when you want to do a weekend trip somewhere to get a bunch of courses in.
Try being a Purdue fan and NCSU fan. Last night was rough to say the least. Both games were last second losses in overtime. I'm just glad I was just following via text and not watching it.
Been unreal this game. Normally we shoot like 70%. Can't believe it.
Reminds me of the NC state Syracuse game.
I was there 3 months ago for a weekend. This post may help you.

http://www.reddit.com/r/discgolf/comments/1qphcf/best_courses_in_charlotte_area/
Would have been nice to include the location in your post. It is in Pickerington Ohio on July 19th 2014.

Looks like fun but too far of a drive for me.
Why were they playing from the whites? Makes that course so much easier. Maybe earlier rounds were from the blues?
I'm curious on how many throws you took in that session. At first I thought damn these guys are good before I realized you were just showing highlights.
Thanks for the breakdown. I just found it amusing that the lines were so similar but the descriptions of the discs were fairly different in the video.
Thanks! I guess writing 'NC' in my first comment was ambiguous. I was referring to North Carolina.
Was it just me or did the girl in the video throw all the discs on similar lines with similar distances? I saw very little variation between the 4 discs. Maybe the jade had a bit more fad but not much difference.
Didn't see this one in NC. Where was this shown?
Allcast got an update this morning.
Streaming video from my phone is quite laggy. I suppose I shouldn't complain given the quickness of the release. Pictures seem to always show in landscape as well.
Is there a better hill than the one in the picture? If not, I feel spoiled by the hills I went down growing up.
Looks like your grip is pretty old. Cool pic though
Fun playing with you and your friends. Congrats again on the ace on at 18. Good old Roc.

Edit: Just looked at the pics, I gotta work on my form, keep that back arm in!
If you work anywhere near SAS, really easy to get into during lunch. I work really close by.
That video has also been posted on r/discgolf several times before so that might explain it. Also it's a bit long and takes a while to get to the throw. People like a quick laugh.
Looks like an easy birdie. How long is it?
How is this not normal?
Maybe it was an upset student from the previous semester?
OP never said they were the one who threw the dart that hit the button.
Watched the whole first video and was very confused... Thanks.
Hello fellow questie :-)
I've been to most in the Raleigh area. Still have a few in Durham I need to go to. Zebulon is one of my favs within the area. Usually no wait for a quality course. Played 4-5 in Charlotte a few months ago.
I've been to the meetup.com group a few times. Also I have done cedar hills doubles on occasion too. What groups are you referring to?
If you are doing this on weekends, let me know. Fellow Raleigh resident. Would love to join in.

Avalon is pure crap and Scottish hills is just too short. Played those when I first came to town... should not have.
I play pretty casually. Just whenever I am in  downtown Raleigh. Only really played solo so far. Almost level 7.
He just updated again and fixed it. He had been on holidays I think
Setup an rss feed on craigslist with your search criteria, then get an rss reader for your phone or computer that will check every minute. That's how I got my place. I was the first to respond.

I'd link ya but I'm on my phone. Just Google craigslist rss feed, should be easy enough to figure out.
Never played that before... but holy shit that person was good at it.
Some on demand clips assuming /u/livingmercy is correct.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkQNRSFTGKs
http://www.youtube.com/user/thehofstetter

I think he is referring to plus/minus the "par" of 36 points. A 30 is 6 below 36. Really it is just another way of doing handicaps...
Ahh cool. Pretty awesome then. Looked like a lot of fun.
I'd love for my putts to count if it just hit the chains... I guess that is a good budget basket. Or is that typical for that area?
I just played that with my bro a few weeks ago. We played doubles and shot -5. Not sure either of us would have been below par had we been alone. Fun little course.
Blocked in my country... and yet Rosedale is in my country... did you use a song you weren't supposed to our what? Anyone else seeing this problem?

Maybe it doesn't work on mobile...?
You must not have looked at my chart then... group G has objectively the lowest average rank.
People in this thread are just looking at traditional powerhouses. I think group g is one of the few groups where it is plausible any 2 teams could make it out without completely stretching the truth. What other group can you say that about? 

Edit:I guess my point was not clear, if you have many quality teams in a group, any of them could get out.
Care to show me a better ranking system other than an "eye" test from you?
Not according to current fifa ranking
Group G has the best quality of teams. I posted this in another thread.

Here is the table with current team ranks, and the total rank of the group. I typed this by hand so hopefully I got all the ranking correct.


|Group A  | Rank | Group B  | Rank | Group C | Rank |  Group D | Rank |
|---------|--|---------|--|---------|--| -------|--|
|Brazil |**10** | Spain|**1**| Colombia|**4**|Uruguay|**6**|
|Croatia|**16**| Netherlands|**9**|Greece|**12**|Costa Rica|**31**|
|Mexico | **20**| Chile|**15**| Cote d'Ivoire|**17**| England|**13**|
|Cameroon| **51** | Australia|**59**| Japan|**48**    |Italy|**7**    |
|**Rank sum**|**97**||**84**||**81**||**57**|


|Group E  | Rank | Group F  | Rank | Group G | Rank |Group H| Rank |
|---------|--|---------|--|---------|--| -------|--|
|Switzerland|**8**|Argentina|**3**|Germany|**2**|Belgium|**11**|
|Ecuador   |**23**| Bosnia|**21**|Portugal|**5**|Algeria|**26**|
|France|**19**|Iran |**45**| Ghana    |**24**|Russia|**22**|
|Honduras |**41**|Nigeria    |**36**|USA     |**14**|Korea      |**53**|
|**Rank sum**|**91**||**105**||**45**||**113**|

Fifa rankings as of Nov 28th, 2013.
Ranking Source: http://www.fifa.com/worldranking/rankingtable/


Anyone saying it isn't Group G or Group D needs remind themselves of current Fifa rankings.


**TLDR**: Math does not agree with you.

Edit: I'm sorry my math contradicts your anti-American opinions.
Did you forget a link? I don't see anything in your comment
I didn't see anywhere that listed teams and their current Fifa rank in groups so I made a table myself. I typed this by hand so hopefully I got all the ranking correct.


|Group A  | Rank | Group B  | Rank | Group C | Rank |  Group D | Rank |
|---------|--|---------|--|---------|--| -------|--|
|Brazil |**10** | Spain|**1**| Colombia|**4**|Uruguay|**6**|
|Croatia|**16**| Netherlands|**9**|Greece|**12**|Costa Rica|**31**|
|Mexico | **20**| Chile|**15**| Cote d'Ivoire|**17**| England|**13**|
|Cameroon| **51** | Australia|**59**| Japan|**48**    |Italy|**7**    |
|**Rank sum**|**97**||**84**||**81**||**57**|


|Group E  | Rank | Group F  | Rank | Group G | Rank |Group H| Rank |
|---------|--|---------|--|---------|--| -------|--|
|Switzerland|**8**|Argentina|**3**|Germany|**2**|Belgium|**11**|
|Ecuador   |**23**| Bosnia|**21**|Portugal|**5**|Algeria|**26**|
|France|**19**|Iran |**45**| Ghana    |**24**|Russia|**22**|
|Honduras |**41**|Nigeria    |**36**|USA     |**14**|Korea      |**53**|
|**Rank sum**|**91**||**105**||**45**||**113**|

Fifa rankings as of Nov 28th, 2013.
Ranking Source: http://www.fifa.com/worldranking/rankingtable/
Here is the table with current team ranks, and the total rank of the group. I typed this by hand so hopefully I got all the ranking correct.


|Group A  | Rank | Group B  | Rank | Group C | Rank |  Group D | Rank |
|---------|--|---------|--|---------|--| -------|--|
|Brazil |**10** | Spain|**1**| Colombia|**4**|Uruguay|**6**|
|Croatia|**16**| Netherlands|**9**|Greece|**12**|Costa Rica|**31**|
|Mexico | **20**| Chile|**15**| Cote d'Ivoire|**17**| England|**13**|
|Cameroon| **51** | Australia|**59**| Japan|**48**    |Italy|**7**    |
|**Rank sum**|**97**||**84**||**81**||**57**|


|Group E  | Rank | Group F  | Rank | Group G | Rank |Group H| Rank |
|---------|--|---------|--|---------|--| -------|--|
|Switzerland|**8**|Argentina|**3**|Germany|**2**|Belgium|**11**|
|Ecuador   |**23**| Bosnia|**21**|Portugal|**5**|Algeria|**26**|
|France|**19**|Iran |**45**| Ghana    |**24**|Russia|**22**|
|Honduras |**41**|Nigeria    |**36**|USA     |**14**|Korea      |**53**|
|**Rank sum**|**91**||**105**||**45**||**113**|

Fifa rankings as of Nov 28th, 2013.
Ranking Source: http://www.fifa.com/worldranking/rankingtable/
Sheesh, I didn't expect to be downvoted so much for pointing out a typo by a professor... You'd think he would have been more careful in a letter like this to all his students.

Either way, the rest of the content of the letter was nice so I applaud them for that.
If you have no luck here, swappa.com is a good place to sell phones.
> "Do no worried so much..."

Woops.

Other than that typo, it is nice letter.
Safety not guaranteed is where I first saw her. Still on Netflix I think. Pretty interesting
That's correct. For 30 bucks a year it is a steal though. You get something like 20-30 games. I hardly go back and play my old games so it wasn't a big deal to me. You also get discounts on the psn store. I can't imagine not renewing for the value it provides so having it run out wasn't really an issue.
PlayStation plus is still 29.99 at Dell. http://accessories.us.dell.com/sna/productdetail.aspx?c=us&l=en&s=dhs&cs=19&sku=A7268342&dgc=CJ&cid=24471&lid=566643&acd=10550055-1225267-y8UamFuFEeOwLBIkcGOq0A-GX1_0_0_0_0

That'll give you plenty of free games over the year.
No pat necessary, won't change the outcome. They never kick the pat if the game is over.
Missouri lost to South Carolina... I know it was a close game and they should have won... but they are still 10-1
I agree.. but it is hard to exclude an undefeated team from a major conference. I think if auburn wins this game, they are probably more deserving... but there would be a shit storm if they left OSU out after winning 25 in a row (if they beat MSU).
Wooo go Auburn, get OSU in the title game!
And that is why you kick the field goal earlier Michigan...
What an ending... would have liked to see OT... but awesome ending.
Holy shit, 2!
Otototototototototot
My god, this game is awesome
Funchess caught one!
Awww yissss. Tied! Love the drama
Damn right you let him keep that. So Gutsy
Funchess having a shit game. God Damn, gifted him the game tying touchdown wtf.
Super close to being blown dead! Nice strip there
Woooo keep this game interesting!
I'm getting it over the air, do you have a tv? Invest in an antenna, free HD! I'm in NC so I don't get to see the B1G often but it's on abc for me.
Yea, my thoughts exactly... easily could have gone either way... but confirmed?
Close, not sure there is enough to overturn it. Looked down to me though
How the hell are they 11-0 with that kind of tackling... they look like Purdue trying to get a sack...
I'd look in the nw downtown Raleigh area. Walkable to lots of bars and restaurants, many young professionals and a fairly easy route to the RTP via wade avenue.

Rent goes from 600-1500 depending on how nice you go. There are some cheaper places near Cameron Village that have great locations too. It is also close to ncsu so there are plenty of young people around.
I don't care if we lose but damn this has been a choppy game to watch... let them play dammit
Yea, we had a map and there happened to be another guy who was playing the Grey tees around the same time as us so he helped us out. #3-#7 or so we the trickiest to navigate. The back nine was pretty easy to follow. I especially liked all the really long holes on the back (#11-#13). Got to bust out the forehand since accuracy wasn't as much of an issue.
Yea it was awesome. We played RL smith in the morning, then Renny, then Nevin. Renny kicked our ass as we tried to play from the gold tees. I shot +13 and my bro +12. Really hurt the ego as we are used to shooting at or below par. We did decent on the other courses but they were still more difficult than the ones we typically play. On Saturday morning we hit up Sugaw as it was near our hotel. It was fun and significantly easier than the other 3 courses.

I think RL Smith was my favorite of the weekend as it was good blend of difficulty and unique shots. I hit the basket off the tee on 18 so that was nice.

Renny was frustrating but I'm glad I played it. Shows me how much work is still left. 

Nevin was fun but didn't really have many holes that I will remember. Seemed pretty average.

Overall had a great time, I'll definitely be back once my arm has some time to recover.
If you can't find an individual, you might try the SPCA.

Wake County SPCA will take them in, give her medical treatment and send them out to foster homes until they are large enough for surgery. Then they can be adopted. Based on your age estimate, it may even be large enough to be spayed now.

http://www.spcawake.org/site/PageServer?pagename=Lost_Found_mainpage

Source: I foster kittens for the SPCA.
I mean that's great and all...but sort of meaningless unless you beat Bama.
The game was actually less close than the 18 pts suggests. FSU took out their starters with 3-4 min left when they were up 30, then VCU went on a run.
Seriously, what is everyone so up in arms about. It was a tad risky but he gets all ball! Yellow is justified but red? Give me a break. I've seen far worse that haven't gotten red.
Swope in KCMO? Love that course. It is the one that got me hooked.
Most of the discs he was throwing didn't look like real disc golf discs. Might just be it looked big in comparison to his hands though...
It's like Clemsons only win against a respectable opponent was Georgia who is now out of the top 25.
They'll have to pry 4.3 from my cold dead hands. This update has been great for my Verizon S4.
Try doing a 2 finger swipe down on the notification bar. Also if you go to settings > my device > display > notification panel. You can set your defaults there.

Hope that helps
Sounds like you have a problem communicating. If they think you are wasting your time, you need to show them why your work is important.
Try This: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=im.fsn.messenger&hl=en

I've had really good results with it. Dev is a redditor too /r/fusionIM 
I'm familiar with what it is supposed to be, but they also put their body heavily into players when they "trap" them. I was shocked by how much vcu was able to get away with the last few years.
I know they made it more famous. Not sure if the term originated there. Was just commenting that havoc will likely have some problems being effective this year with the rule changes. Much like Craft's defense.
Because Charleston, Hofstra and Cornell are real power houses... That's just silly. MSU beat UK earlier this week in case you forgot.
I believe this is what they call the "havoc defense". Hack until the ball comes out.

Really glad they called out craft. He was a terrible defender.
Can you do a 2 finger pull down on the notification bar? I get different things from 1 finger vs 2. 2 finger gives me a ton of toggles.


I think it is also easy to select what you want. Like so http://imgur.com/6TcDKcO
Thanks for the quick summary of each. I probably will only have the time/arm for 3-4 courses. Looking like Nevin, Renny, and Hornets Nest are the top recommended in close proximity to each other.
Thanks for the input. Probably going to try to play 3-4 of them on that Friday (most likely the three you mentioned, Nevin, Renny and Hornets Nest). May stay for a round on Saturday morning as well if I'm not too tired. Either way, it sounds like I will need to make more trips out the Charlotte! I'm coming from Raleigh.
Going to guess this one? [Glenn C. Hilton Memorial Park (4.01 rating)](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=902)
I assume you are referring to [Renaissance Park (4.28 rating)](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=587)?

Thanks for the input.
Not sure what this sub thinks of memes, but that's what I think of when I see these commercials.

here's one of [them](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bVaPsCKqAo).
Some [context](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bVaPsCKqAo)
It's actually still pretty overgrown, at least the last 3 times I've played there. They re-did some holes due to some path construction. Old 3,4,8 are different now as the path went right through them. The old 1st hole is now #2 and there are a few new holes. Only time I go to Centennial is when I'm headed to Kentwood and it is packed. Centennial is an interesting course though. Really makes you pay when you get off the fairway, both shot wise and getting ticks etc. I wore sandals here once, never again...
This is actually the second iteration of the disc golf course at Bethesda. I never made it out for the first round but I heard it was pretty bad. It also used to only be 9 holes Here's a link to the [old dgcoursereview](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=4369). As you can see it got bad ratings. The new course replaces that one.

I think they are still in process of perfecting it. I noticed some signs missing and it can be a bit hard to follow the hole progression if you are alone. The current course is pretty fun but has a lot of places to lose discs. I can't even imagine what it would be like playing right now with all the leaves. I had never lost a disc before and I've lost one 2/3 times I've played there and that was during the summer without the leaves.

What course do you play the most? I'm always looking for people to play with. Feel free to pm me.
[Cedar Hills](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=396) is my favorite in close proximity to Raleigh. [Middle Creek](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=2821) and [Buckhorn](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=199) are also nice but a little bit of a farther drive. (20-40 min depending where you are) I'd also recommend [Zebulon](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=2045) but that's a far drive as well. (25-30 min)

[Bethesda Park](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=6003) is also fun, very technical though. That may be close depending on what you mean by North Western part of Raleigh.

Kentwood is fun but is pretty crammed in. Kentwood can also get very busy. It has some rocky terrain as well so don't use your dx plastic unless you want it torn up.

I'll be back in town on Saturday so if you were going that Saturday or Sunday I'm definitely down.

Why is the guy with hand warmer on in the picture wearing shorts? That's his real problem. 

Seriously though, thanks for the link
Sad to say a new disc probably won't add much distance for you. Work on the form with the buzz and your putters. There are some great YouTube videos to help you get some more snap and power as well. Are you doing an x-step? What does your grip look like?
Not saying it is a travel, but it certainly looks like one with how much ground a person can cover using it.
I too will never understand the jump step not being a travel.
I would ask for more. That seems at least 10k too low. Really, 15-20k too low if it is a major company. I started in the 60s out of college when I lived in KC, Missouri and the cost of living is less there.

Obviously it can vary by the industry.

Never hurts to ask, in fact that is where you get your biggest pay increases(New jobs that is). Do they have anything on glassdoor.com?
Take a look at the [course map](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course_files/2045/db9f032c.jpg).

Here is the [tee pad sign](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course_pics/2045/0483b3d8.jpg)
 and the [visual shot](
http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course_pics/2045/9ac6222d.jpg).

Basically its a good hyzer bomb around the corner with some elevation change. [Course Link](http://www.dgcoursereview.com/course.php?id=2045&mode=ci)

I'm with you, we had a scare with N Kentucky.
Seems like his putters and mid ranges overlap quite a bit in distance.
Looks like a really fun course. Goodwin caught some bad breaks at the end and Britain got some nice bounces off the trees. [Goodwin threw it away!](/spoiler) Thanks for the video.
Totally agree. Love my playstation plus. It also has me trying games I never would have thought to try. I really liked Saints Row the 3rd and probably would never have played it if I didn't have PS+.
I think you need some field work more than a dragon. I'm mediocre at disc golf and I've never throw it into that pond at Cedar Hills. Not even that far from the tee box. Maybe 220 to clear the gap?
Gotta start somewhere, hard to push everything out worldwide from the get go. So many different laws to consider and such.
Free on Playstation plus right now. It's pretty fun.
Sounds like you were doing more to endanger lives than she was. I'm surprised she didn't just run the light. I don't tailgate people unless they are in the wrong and should move out of the passing lane for going too slow. If it's a 1 lane road/no passing, I keep my distance.
I think he was implying ULocking the other persons bike so they wouldn't be able to use it. Doesn't sound like that is possible anyway though.
Replied to the wrong comment?
My battery lasts longer, the ui feels snappier. Overall very satisfied. I don't use the Samsung music hub so that doesn't affect me. Have had 0 issues
ND should not be ranked...
I found this article difficult to read. The author included too many pseudo technical analogies that I found myself losing the point they were trying to make. Some of them didn't even seem to fit. I get trying to make it relatable to programming problems but I think they went overboard.
You are male, 18-25 yr old judging by your interests/comment wording. You are an android user who likes video games and naruto. You seem to enjoy your porn and post to nsfw_gif rather frequently. If I had to guess I'd say atheist or at the minimum, non-religious. You seem to like Ariana Grande a lot as well. Most of your comments are fairly short and tend to be slightly snide or insulting. I'm having a hard time deciding whether you know a lot about technology or just certain areas of it that interest you. You enjoy using 'Prizerebel' as it gives you 'free' money. You seem to have a dislike for Apple products. You 'literally live below the poverty line ' as you stated.

Your use of the word 'mate' makes me think you are from the UK or Australia but judging by your comment timestamps I'm not so sure. You had a post: 'Literally a gay atheist that didn't get beheaded by a the Muslim I met today. AMA' but that was posted in circle jerk so I wasn't sure if it was legit or not. If you are indeed gay, then that would mean you are female as your sexual preference seems to be for girls.
I mainly went through your top posts and controversial posts so the timeframe was a bit sporadic. Controversial posts are better because you are typically stating what you feel, not just what you think Reddit will agree with. You were my first 'What's my impression' so hopefully it was alright.
You are a ~28 year old blonde female, working as a doctor and dating a psychologist. You wear contacts/glasses. You and your bf have a good sense of humor. You have an impressive amount of comment karma for only being on the site for 1 year. (you put me to shame with my 3 years on the site). Your grandma is apparently a bit racist but probably not more so than most people in that generation. You seem to enjoy the main subreddits (AskReddit, funny and AdviceAnimals) and don't take too kindly to sexist jokes. Being a doctor, you like to correct common misconceptions about various diseases/afflictions (and viagra too!).

You don't appear to be from the USA. I'd guess the Netherlands due to your good nglish and your ability to write in dutch. (your username means 'print' in dutch as well?) You seem to have a more global perspective about things than most of this site (not surprising being from Europe).

Your boyfriend likes to play Magic, I don't peg you as a gamer but you do enjoy playing the Wii. I suspect your boyfriend is quite a bit nerdier than you, possibly due to the Hamster homicide aftermath he witnessed when he was 8 (couldn't not mention that). You have a sister who has visited the US and was unimpressed with the food selection. Your father works as a University Professor and often has to remind Chinese PHD students not to plagiarize.

I could keep going... but I think this is long enough. I didn't take many shots in the dark so most of that should be accurate. I will say that I wish I knew more people like you, you made me laugh a few times and also were coherent and informative in most of your comments.
This is awesome, any way to get this to run on any user? Like an adhoc run?

(not sure if anyone is monitoring the bots comments)
Thanks for creating this! I do some android dev in my spare time so this will be helpful to get me into the swings of things faster. 

Some feedback: Add some screenshots on the views pages and other things related to the UI. It would be nice to browse through and know what something is going to look like before I start implementing it.
KSU is a football school? (not one to talk as Purdue grad but I know we aren't a football school)
You could try reseating the SIM card. Might be getting jostled loose.
Impulse bought the 4 pack. Looks fun! Thanks for the dedication. I'm sure me and my buddies with have fun with it.
Turn back now people are not following Rule #10 in the side bar.

"No flame wars. Seriously, why do I have to specify this? Keep it classy, people!"
Did this for my bachelor party in Denmark. They called it futbolgolf. Pretty typical thing in Europe. Did it actually originate it Switzerland? This article makes it seem like it is a new thing.
And those people are over paying...
Snipes Farm is 2500 for the weekend and it holds a max of ~120 inside. I just got married there a month ago.
I'd like to see it, why not just post it here?
Probably a sarcastic comment...but his overheads would be too slow to really be effective in Badminton.
My thumbers are pretty terrible so I applaud you. Congrats!
Just speculating here but I don't see it going below 150 bucks. Just too much expensive hardware in there. You might be able to find an older used one for 90 but not one of the slimmer ones with a larger hd. I don't think their production lines could afford to sell at that much off a loss. Again, total speculation on my part.
As much as I like promoting rooting of the phone... this is not true. It is fairly simple to do with ADP and there are a list of other apps you can use that don't require root.

Here's an example: http://lifehacker.com/5976036/simple-adb-backup-backs-up-your-android-phone-from-the-desktop-no-root-required


I also believe if you are not interested in data, you can have them all auto-install if you are using the backup/restore feature with Google Play.
If you are just interested in getting the apps back without the data, the Google Play store handles this for you.

If you are tech savy at all I believe you can use adp to back up the apps and data without root.

See some of the stuff recommended here: http://lifehacker.com/5976036/simple-adb-backup-backs-up-your-android-phone-from-the-desktop-no-root-required
Not sure on the naming abroad but the Droid X is a fairly old phone here in the States. Did you mean the Moto X?
I think if you are not interested in touchwiz features, I'd probably get a MotoX if it isn't too large for you. My wife has the droid mini which has a 4.3 in screen. I think that is Verizon only which is a USA carrier.

I've not played with an S4 mini but the specs are sub par. Touchwiz has some cool features with it but if you just want to install cyanogen then you are better off looking for beefier hardware. If you can hold out, I'd wait for the Z1.

The latest versions of android are always suspect on non-flagship devices.
Practice
Why is Djokovic's swimsuit uneven on the legs. Is that a thing now?
This was probably one of my favorite posts on this sub. Thanks for sharing all 3 at once. They were all classics.
I kept expecting you to say he was the reason your boyfriend broke up with you. Maybe he said something disturbing to the bf and thats why he broke up with you...?
Nice post, You should crosspost this to /r/Sportsfrisson/

sub is pretty dead but this was nice.
Not very active but... /r/Sportsfrisson/
First toss, I did throw another afterwards. We typically throw 2 on every hole so I was lucky it was my first.