Really beautiful woman, love her curls.
Shiiit he did? Fuck Darren then, or whatever his real name is, I've forgotten right now
Really great point, when he unlearns that fully, he could be be massive. He has everything else down solid
Do you really think this? I think Jinder is one of the top talents, his entrance and his aura is star quality, he carries himself so well, he has that down perfect, and I think he's really good on the mic.
Always found his theme to be relaxing haha.
Mella is excellent on the mic, still haven't had a proper chance to see what she can do in the ring yet, but on the mic, she's brilliant, I loved loved loved that Contract Signing segment, she was hilarious, how she was taunting Charlotte, wooing and strutting, she was the highlight of the show for me. She and actually Big Cass too. I reckon they'll get back together but that's another thread lol

Mella is money, basically all that needs to be said ha
I love how she snaps her head to the side when her theme says capiche. Even when she's skipping round, she still manages it.
I didn't know you could collab on Notes? Or maybe I did but forgot?
Ohhh haha
Ugh this is making me wince so bad, very cool though haha
The Note app can give notifications? For what?
Can’t wait for this shoot!
Nia is my number 1, but Becky is tied or a very close second, though there’s 2 rosters so they’re both number 1 from both shows hah
She’s so beautiful 
Ahh this looks absolutely beautiful, too nice to eat! Can I save this photo? I like looking at it, I know that sounds weird lol
Well there's a sliver of truth in pedantry, I'm pedantic very often haha, nitpicking minor details to point out niggling truths. So you are kind of right, so I do get where you're coming from haha
Ah thanks for this, I updated my mum's contact as she updated her phone number, I just checked the Emergency ID and sure enough, my emergency contact (mum) has her old number listed... That really should change automatically, not even sure if anybody would check that if God forbid something did happen to me, but of course, it's best to update the details just in case.

Thanks for letting us know.
All I'm saying is, it'd still be "all of the Titles" if a member of TUE won the UK Championship or NXT Championship, all the Titles that a man can go for.

I'm not here to argue anyway, love and light to you, enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Of course not, but you’re being pedantic by basically saying it’s not all Titles without a female member to have the Women’s Championship. It’s clear that that was not what was being referred to by saying “TUE to have all the Titles after this?”
Yeah I'm just discovering this now, excellent star quality, excited to see more of him in WWE
But it's pretty obvious they mean all the Titles eligible for men to hold, no real room for pedantry here, it's quite clear what is meant by "All the titles"
Might be the only way he CAN eat Brock Lesnar at this point... and I'd love it, desperate for the Title, paranoid, desperate to eat Lesnar, heel Roman Reigns, would be incredible
WILL YOU STOP!?
Stephanie might
Rollins works better heel I think, top heel is a better fit.
Disappointed there was no "REEEEEGGGAAAAAAL" aha, looking forward to him and Roman, they work quite well together
If it is Greatest Survivor Series... Hopefully Mansoor is the last man standing for his team, that dude has a blindingly bright future
Fuuuuck, looks so horrible, hope he's ok
Evolution had all the gold, they didn't need a woman for them to be dominant
Very excited for this!
Ah wow, that Tombstone did look pretty bad, could have sworn English's head hit the mat... must have done, ouch, hope he's ok soon.

Not the best positioning by Taker
Melissa & Joey was a decent show haha
Who wouldn’t? Just spend the whole day messing it up hah
Ahaha I love this, taking this one
Fingers crossed for this, sounds a bit likely now that I've read it. Hope restored!
I'll miss it dearly, I use it so much.

Press and hold isn't as cool, I've used it on a 5S, we need that Taptic feedback too, feels so good and adds so much to the experience.

Hopefully he's wrong on this one, but we'll see.
I don’t think so, she doesn’t need a drop of makeup, but I don’t think this is too much at all, Survivor Series 2016 was too much lol
You know it haha, I’d be laid up for a couple of days, happily haha
Cheers haha, it's been posted already bud, thanks though
This was beautiful
Imagine her walking into the bedroom like that, undressing and ready to roll.

She's a dream woman
sweet, cheers, will be watching this at the weekend
Arya Daivari is fucking amazing, very big fan of his on 205Live, really like him on the mic and he's solid in the ring, I'd be up for seeing his brother on the show, but I would prefer Arya to stay on his own, but it could be interesting
Strowman is massive, surprisingly you don't see it as much in the ring, but in a normal setting like this, he's a big man!

Also, talking about next year already? Haha.

It's kind of nice to see them all dining and chatting like that, something kind of sweet about seeing Taker and Lesnar conversing over food haha
Where are you?
"Spiritually, I’m an ox, I’m ready to make the move. Emotionally, I’m nowhere near where I need to be.”
Love
I want to see her everything. There's an amazing video on her Insta too but I don't know how to get it, someone post it please, man she's so perfect, her radiant beauty blinds me every time <3
She’s incredible, love her so much haha
Fucking hell, that looks absolutely beautiful, I hope the whole show looks like that, best set in a long time! So gorgeous
The Miz's theme will be taken literally, time it so he wins the IC Title, he's up there with the ladder then boom, it's time for them to get down on their knees and pray...
Haha love that episode!
Love it!

Much peace, love and light to all
So beautiful Nia, she’s my number 1 WWE crush, loved her since her NXT vignettes, drop dead gorgeous woman. Move Naomi please! 😫

Dasha is lush too lol
Hahaha so it’s not just me!
Is it odd that I actually prefer Megyn Price to Bianca? My mum mocks me about it to this day lol
Ba da ba ba ba I’m lovin’ SNATCH!
I have this often on my iPhone 7 running iOS 11.3.1, it’s a nice bug, it looks boss haha
Will have to find and listen! Thanks
This makes me sad
Without the clock hands part, it looks like a tree trunk from an overhead angle, but with a bowling ball in the middle...

It's a beautiful eye though, gorgeous lashes
El IIIIIDDOOOLLLOOOOOOO

Love him haha, excited for the potential of great matches he can have on SDLive
In Apple Music, when you listen to an album, and the last track ends, the Now Playing card goes back to the first track, when Apple Music first launched and you finished an album, the Now Playing card would simply close, I wish they'd re-implement that. There's a constant Now Playing card open in my Apple Music, it shouldn't be like this.
This thread amazes me, but whenever I think of the incredible capabilities of the human body, I get really queasy and have to stop, which in itself is also very fascinating
I got one in class, stood up to try and adjust myself, some idiot kid saw and pointed it out haha, I tried to cover by saying that was its size normally.... 

My mate in class just happened to stand up at the same time and the one that pointed it out yelled "Ah he's got it for his mate!" haha, my mate walked out, like fuck off, obviously boners just happen, I remember my mate shaking his head as he walked out as if he legit believed it was over him.

I wasn't annoyed that it got called out. I was just laughing at the idiocy of my mate walking out over it like a pure tit.

It was funny, not exactly the most embarrassing as the question suggests, but it's the only time I've got one randomly and had it spotted.
Excellent, I knew it was a lollipop or something obv, at least it's confirmed aha
Man, he seemed like the sweetest, most humble guy, loved listening to him talk, he had a really relaxing voice, you just want to hear him tell nice stories forever, could listen to him talk forever. Such a nice guy, what a star.
She’s so beautiful 
Ooh ok thanks haha
What was the situation here? Was only reading the results at the time, did he lose a Loser Leaves WWE match or something?
Now that it's thankfully over though, we can now appreciate when it was here lol.
It is? Wow that's actually something I def thought would have been taken
Hahaa amazing, glass of milk next to the laptop, brilliant.

Top quality piece of work from WWE here, love the goofy stuff like this
Does anyone else feel like he uses an iPhone 4?
His hair during this time was boss
Oh yeah haha, fair enough 
He didn’t fuck her for 4 days straight though... he waited three days like a gent
So basically the Mary Pickford treatment, he's in good company then
I just realised... DM the GM means Drake Maverick, I thought it was Direct Message, DM like on Twitter.... I read this comment and just realised now lol
Looks like Rusev is down there... still hot 
Love those cheeks peeking out
Phenomenal legs and feet, enchanting woman 
Really loved that episode, def in my Top 5 TIJ episodes, could listen to him talk forever, incredible man 
They should bring WWE Excess back, maybe w Beth or even indeed see if Trish wants to do it, loved that show, will always have fond memories of Trish singing The Sun'll Come Out Tomorrow on there, and them measuring Stacy Keibler's legs lol.

He's excellent in that role, the stuff that's Scott Stanford's job, Coach and Charly or Cathy would be ace.

Wasn't really feeling him at the desk, but he's a great talent and should def be used somewhere! Live Network show needed!
What’s your maximum standby/usage at the end of a day like? Can you let me know when you get a chance to test pls?
Dasha is incredible 
Didn’t she dip herself in something in a contest? Perhaps the Diva Search?
Did he make the weigh in though?
If it skips, cry ‘till it’s fixed
I thought my usage was excessive! Lol, why is yours so low?

What’s different? Anything noticeable? I’ve got it for another 8mths, I can prob survive with it
No love for Elias? And I’m straight! Elias’s body is pretty special haha
Fuuuuck, she’s magic
Fucking hell, this is like the perfect body to me, very beautiful 
Adam Cole has a very young Shawn Michaels air about him
Brilliant for him, seems like a genuinely decent guy, wishing him the very best in this new chapter of his life, very nice!
Never mind the kid, I, 25, fucking want this, this is excellent!
Indeed
Ahh very sweet 
Love her so much
Was she named after Vashti Bunyan though? Haha
Was the day you got her another diamond day?
Yeah she's def improving, I love her ring announcing though, she's really great at that
Sweet, I'm off to the Liverpool event, even more excited for it now.
Maaan Nattie is criminally underrated, her ring gear unflatters her so much, she's so sexy when she's not in the ring.

Rachel wins here though, gotta love Rachel
Gorgeous
Love her so much, so glad everyone else is seeing how beautiful she is, been down since day one, she's so gorgeous.

Such a sweet girl, so funny too.
Love this, so excited to see them interact tonight haha, so happy! I just hope Rollins moves too, we need Miz to become longest reigning Intercontinental Champion!
I did too lol
Trypophobia, I like the look of this, but it makes me clench my teeth
At least the male ones are kind of complimenting the women... albeit in most likely crass ways, it's slightly better than wishing emotional pain on people
Wendi Richter maybe? You know Moolah would have been on there
Women were tweeting Renee Young saying "I hope this happens to you and Dean" absolutely fuck them... awful people saying terrible shit like that
Wow, need more please
Love their feet, excellent women
This breaks my heart a little bit
Dang** quinoa
Ah this is a shame, you can tell she really loved him.

Ah best of luck to them both in the future. Wow, this is quite sad, genuinely quite sad about this, she must be heartbroken at this being over.

I genuinely thought they were gonna get married and live happy ever after.
6yrs 6mths then... it’s still 7yrs ago
..... what?...
I’ll wait and see how bad it gets, if I can cope with it if it gets worse, I’ll just leave it until I upgrade 
Did you read what I wrote?
Happy Birthday! Excellent birthday suit! Many blessings!
Haha, I suppose it is a bit more complex than we know lol
Rumi by Bukhara on Mount Pleasant if you love Indian food, gorgeous and special experience
Don't you think that's odd though? 80% seems decent, certainly not "dead"...

I had my 4S for 3 years and my 5S for just over 2yrs and they were absolutely fine, well my 5S actually did shut down and not turn on/charge a month before I upgraded, I was essentially forced to upgrade, lol.

Still though, 70% should be the "dead" point
It's always been brilliantly reliable for me, 7yrs and no issues. 
Oh ok thanks
And the performance management is basically a permanent Low Power Mode? Is it that noticeable? 

Thanks for clarifying and answering my questions :) I don't mind leaving performance management on when it happens, I just think 80% is a bit high for it to potentially start happening, 70% maybe, but 80 is fairly high battery health i think, hmm
Roderick Strong's baby baybay!

Cute kid, looks a lot like his parents, handsome couple, Marina is gorgeous
I LOVE Pinterest too, I mostly use it for cool WWE pics, I have a board for WWE women too, make it a bit more manly haha, but I do have a lot of typically girly stuff on there, I'm a sensitive guy, and I like motivating and inspiring quotes and stuff.

Pinterest is a really great app/website for sure!
Excellent, cheers, pressing play as soon as this comment is posted
I want her to sit on my face so much
I really like the sound, I think it's too quiet now since Apple changed the sound of the clicks, I want the old sound back.

I'm a good person though I swear, I'm allowed a little anarchy in my life! This is it
She's quite perfect
Couldn't stand her as a kid, loved her themes, but didn't care for her in the ring, and didn't think she was attractive, it was only about 6yrs ago I realised how stupid I was, killer body, excellent in the ring. I was so wrong.
There's an episode coming
Love her so much, very beautiful woman, her and Nia going hard representing Samoans
Jesus Christ, she's incredible
I need crocheted BH! My birthday is May 6, any chance you could make something? 
In love
She's so beautiful, she could make a grown man cry
So lush
I'm in love with this shoot and Queen Charlotte, need all of these photos, so beautiful, love her legs and her feet
You could see it in his face when the commentary team were recapping Bryan's promo, you could see his face was a little bit, not jealous, but like maybe it could be me? Kind of thing.

He's incredible on commentary, the most valuable on the team, adds a huge amount of excellent to Raw and SDL, I'm glad he eventually realised that this is where he's meant to be, the universe works in mysterious and sometimes uneasy ways.
Ahh sweet! Been waiting ages to watch this, watching that tonight cheers 
When he says Wilms is probably one of the best delivery of lines ever from Jake, so hilarious 
Dr Dre doc on Netflix UK?
This sentence is beautiful, match of the year candidate quality bouts for sure.
The US Title match is at Backlash, not Greatest Royal Rumble, as of right now, Rusev has no match at Backlash :-(
Maybe he'll be in the King Of the Ring: UK Tournament or UK Championship tournament... excuse me, eliminator.... or whatever they end up calling it, in June.

Imagine the pop he'd get if he was in it
Three way w Tye Dillinger 
Been exploiting this for a couple of wks now, they don't look at the receipt, they just punch in the same offer that's on the system from the bus ticket offers.

Excellent loophole, same w Subway and their free cookies for doing their surveys, get cookie, get receipt, repeat
ALFONS! Remember Kenan & Kel? Haha, gorgeous cat! That name reminds me of K&K though 
“Now you’re looking at it!” 

Haha he was amazing haha
Tony Nese does too, those abs just look plastic and his whole body looks like an action figure
Wow that’s actually excellent, I was gonna watch anyway, but even more excited to see those 2!

I hope the winner receives something, you can’t have “The Greatest Royal Rumble” with the winner receiving nothing right?

Very nice card, should be a fun evening of live WWE action! 5pm my time, nice little start time there!
“Get in there and make her jealous”

“With what? Are you gonna loan me Karen?”
I wouldn’t say they’re awful like, could obviously be better but I think she does a good enough job
Like a cow's opinion
Such a brilliant song, I love it so much. Love the visuals on her entrance too
I think she's fine on the mic, I'm actually quite the fan of WWE superstar Ronda, beautiful big smile, can turn into a menacing, bad ass glare, she's fine on the mic and she was very impressive at WrestleMania, excited for the future, totally great with Ronda/Charlotte next year if that happens
My iPhone 7 is at 84% too, got it Dec 29th 2016
Yeah my iPhone 7 was delivered by DPD, so fun to track each delivery on the little map in anticipation of the driver arriving haha
I need to see it again! Does anyone have a video link? Thought it’d be up here already?
Jeff Hardy’s voicemail line was hilarious, a joke so bad it’s brilliant 
Ohhh right
Vanilla Gorilla angry at backstage gorilla
Yeah, well it's Rock doing what he does best, it's a decent clip, but yeah, no need for that many views, need to see diff ones! Wonder how many we'll get this week altogether
It's a pretty funny clip though, just loses it's appeal when you see so many times
Ebersol is starting his own again too? Dick Ebersol?
He says that though, well he says beautiful, gorgeous, sexy wife - but it still worked, if you think of him as putting them there lol
Funny, Lesnar left in '04, they had Orton become the youngest World Champ to top Lesnar's reign after he left... Punk has the longest reign, now they're (probably) using Lesnar to top Punk's reign
Forgot about them, yeah they were really great too
I've never had a problem w DPD or Yodel, they both get shit on, but they've always delivered iPhones and iPads to my home excellently
All opinions are subjected, who cares what anybody thinks then?
Miz's one was cool but the rest were stupid and the free free free free one was a crime
Where’s Part 1?
Can you still learn Italian in the toilets? That was a highlight for me, as well as the music, haven’t been there in like 8yrs now
So hateable? Sorry, am I missing something? I fucking love him, and I've only seen him since NXT (had heard the name, but not seen - I'm in the WWE bubble exclusively)

Handsome as fuck, big man crush on him haha, but yeah, great worker, it's hard to hate him, then again I loved Edge, this is a very decent comparison actually, I do gravitate towards heels though mostly.

They clearly trust him a lot, WarGames win, Rumble entrant, triple duty this weekend, taking home all Titles he contended for, I hope he has a bright future cos he's brilliant, I can see Vince liking him, has a HBK quality about him - others have said this and me and my mum always go on that Trips must love him and kind of see a younger version of himself/Shawn in Cole.

More Adam Cole BAYBAY!
Wow, I think this is def intentional, love this realisation! Very nice noticeability!
Dasha is absolutely beautiful, loved her for 3yrs now, always so sweet, always tweeting me when I used to praise her ring announcing on NXT TV, incredibly gorgeous woman, really lovely
Haha, he was brill
Why would anyone even have those on? They just spoil big moments lol, it's spoiler city, I just have them off and follow news via Twitter/Reddit
“What are you and your tan gonna do!?” Haha fucking hilarious dude, absolutely loved him so much, had me in tears w laughter, he’s fantastic.

He calls the Titles a belt, calling AOP obese, loved him haha,

Need him back regularly, he needs to be on tonight’s Kickoff panel!
Yeah he was one of the highlights of the whole company
Amazing news, missed him so much on 205, gutted he wasn’t in the tournament,  Noam Dar next!
Pretty sure his name would be something even stupider like Ernie Admiration or something 
Excellent seller though, brilliant on the mic, he’s a valuable talent, I still miss him, shame he’s prob never coming back
Finally more Camp WWE! Been waiting so long, it’s not great, but it’s good enough for a laugh or 3.

E&C Show finally!
Such a gorgeous woman, love her face, lovely body too obv, but she doesn’t get enough credit 
She’s a pure beauty, she and Becky are my top 2, (1 for each roster) lol, so beautiful 
Great film
I always get so emotional watching that scene, such a beautiful scene
Well I still like it 
Much prefer that version to the original, love The Ranch! Will miss Danny but think the show will do just fine wo him, love Dax Shepard joining  too
I wish I knew, I use iCloud.com as I have no Mac, I imagine it’s pretty close though?
I use iCloud.com constantly on my Windows laptop when I’m home, editing Pages docs for stories and other creative projects. Works excellent 
Fantastic card, will severely miss the women though, but looking forward to watching this
I heard he was put in the US Title match due to strong merch sales, WHICH IS TRUE!?!?

I'd be sad if he left WWE, I hope he gets pushed properly, dude is hilarious and great as can be, give him everything he wants, he deserves it all
The 2 redeeming qualities of Home Alone 3, the mum (she was hot) and David Thornton was quite funny, lush hair haha
hahahah incredible comment! Made me wince and laugh, excellent work!
I know, it was a rhetorical question/correction
Another example of text speak, good job mate! Go and get yourself a chocolate bar out the fridge! You’ve earned it
“Being short” - that’s the whole point of text speak... abbreviating,
Excellent 
Full txt speak is “thx” though?
Roxanne Pallet is a beauty 
Love the glasses, heavenly eyes, fantastic tit, you’re magical 
Her breathing into the mic was sexy af too
Haha no I love the nerdiness, fucking embrace that shit, haha.

Yeah I can imagine it's an excellent feature
Fuck fuck fuck, I didn't think this shoot could get any better, she's so beautiful
>Well you can double click the button on the end of the pen and draw on the screen like a football announcer.

Haha I can just imagine you putting a game on online, pausing it and drawing on the screen pretending you're in the studio hah
Scrolled too far for this haha, only reason I came in here :P nice one
Kalisto's trampoline silly
I love them all too much to have a fav, she's incredible
write a message, 3D Touch on the send icon and the effects will show up, you can then swipe through them. Try it on a message to yourself :)
So gorgeous
So lush hah
Disco is in decent shape like, handsome man, I remember being a kid and being fascinated by him, always thought he was a handsome dude, I'm straight like, but I'll always have an odd man crush on him, some of his opinions are silly, but he does have a good enough mind for the business, loved him on TIJ
Nobody I know cares about the message effects
same, so good! Always sending it to myself haha
So dreamy 
Check out the Fireworks iMessage effect, you’ll melt
A chinstrap for this thin chap, makes the fat booty go clap
Fuuuuuuuckk yes, can’t wait for the other pics from this shoot too, but fuck, those thighs, her chest, her lips, Queen 😍🙌🏽
sounds like rape to me...
Really? That's why it happened? I had no idea
It was also the little intro to the Highlight Reel back when the Highlight Reel logo would show up on the screen.

I really loved this song, so great
Indeed you can't, will buy her something nice for sure :)
Haha thanks, she's phenomenal, I live with her actually, she's a carer so I help out with that.

She's an incredible woman, I know a lot of people say that about their mum, but she's been through a lot and she's still able to smile and be grateful for life even now, she's been using a 5S for 4 years, she smashed it 2yrs ago and tomorrow she's finally upgrading and getting an iPhone 7, she's been an iPhone lover like me for around the same time haha
iPhone 3G I got when I was 17, my mum worked extra shifts at The Cavern to earn extra for my birthday, I got it a few weeks after my birthday, what a day! - ever since then, other than just under a month when I tried to use an Android as a little experiment (never again) I've been iPhone and I always will be.

Using an iPhone 7 now, big change from the 3G, yet it's still familiar, so amazing. I upgrade just after Christmas, will get this year's upgraded X or whatever it's called. So amazing
WHEN MY HAND GOES UP, YOUR MOUTH GOES SHUT!
I don't have any issues with ESPN personally
Haha yes dude, glad to know it's not just me!
Follow the buzzards brotha!!!
Yeah definitely agree, I was just also pointing out another gripe I have with her, I like her and I thank her when she gets requests right, but I’d like to give her a performance review too, she’s lucky I can’t, they wouldn’t end so well
So odd! It needs better regional dialect understanding, I'm in Liverpool, England, thick accent (though mine is toned down) and it ha issues understanding contact names when I say them, I often have to put on an American accent and it still doesn't understand.
It's worse when she understands your request, it shows up as text on the screen, then as it's processing the request, it changes what it first understand (and was correct) into something that rhymes with it... That's a big gripe of mine with Siri
Clearly...
Rock really was the best on the mic, as amazing as Cena is, Austin, Owens, Triple H, Angle, so many of the greats.... regardless of how I feel about Rock's appearance at WrestleMania 32, I can't deny that he's phenomenal at building to a match with his words, and delivering in the ring.
Count Haitchula
Yeah I know what they are, but they’re not really unsanctioned if the authority figures approve/make the matches 
Above is interesting, as is this, makes me wonder how many themes and unused tracks they have floating around in the trucks or wherever.

Also, a few wks ago when John Cena made is entrance on SDLive, the Bludgeon Brothers graphic showed, really makes me wonder how the hell the graphic buttons are set up in the trucks
That unsanctioned match though.... 

Such an illogical thing, Regal made the match, therefore sanctioning it, yet it's unsanctioned? PLUS there's graphics made and promos for it... Am I the only one that thinks the concept of an unsanctioned match is silly? Haha, excited for that match though!
So a Big Mac?
Number 4 will make you grunt
Mean
Doesn’t he say though that he can’t refuse her outfits? He told Jake what today’s outfit was... but he’s not wearing it, so he can refuse!

I-I-I-I-I can’t watch this this this this this bucket of non truths anymore, I swear
iPhone 7 - 84%, got it Dec 2016, 14mths, normal peak performance
I'm 25, watched Drake and Josh religiously (still love it) but even as a kid, I always thought Ms Hayfer, Julia Duffy was quite enchanting and was happy whenever she was in an episode....

She's a glorious woman, even now, but I was Googling her today, she came to my head for some reason, lovely looking woman back in the day!
iOS 11.3 is still iOS 11 though, so even if it were released today, they'd still be right...

Clearly they found that it wasn't ready for official release just yet, it was in the betas, beta, as in testing period, be happy they didn't rush it out and potentially corrupt your message history.

No software is completely bug free, unfortunately this is one of those cases were something they hoped would be ready, simply wasn't
Haha it feels so nice and cool
That’d be amazing too yeah! I’d love that so much hah
I'm still within my 5GB after all these years, I have a bunch of stuff in iCloud Drive too, I'm at just over 4GB, I pay for 50GB, 79p... but that's just in case I go over, I don't need it right now.

I take a fair amount of photos and save a lot from the internet to my iCloud Drive.
The very few times I've used AirDrop, I wondered why it didn't work, it's a great feature, but I didn't know this so big thanks
This is quite beautiful
No it’s carpentry!
I loved Jamie’s sell of the kick, one of the best I’ve seen
Wait so is this legit or not? Lol, partly real?

I hope he heals up soon, such a fan of his, awful to see him out and maybe miss Mania even from a backstage standpoint.

Get well soon Shane!
Hahaha “everyone who may resemble you” lol
Haha yeah I only learned last year, 9yrs I’ve been an iPhone user, you’re welcome :)
I need it!!! Haha, such a nice little tune!
Oh my mistake, it's the Calendar when creating events. It has the time in 5min interval but if you double tap the time, it changes to minutes.
Thanks, it was in their video about Touch ID though, don't think it was an actual song
I use it constantly, as my only to do app, amazing app, I do wish you could double tap the time though to get to the minutes like in the alarm.

Other than that, no real complaints, love it so much.
Yeah I'm going to try these I think! Haha thanks
I didn’t think they would... relax lol, cheers for letting me know though
It's just an instrumental, plus there's Apple talking over it, could see if Siri may knows though, I might tweet Apple Support or something lol
Ah thanks! The one I want still has yet to be ID'd :( :( haha, thanks though, will keep an eye on it
Exactly, first gen iPhone: "They all have these keyboards you can't update, we're bringing out a touch screen"

2 years later, consumers predict a slide out keyboard.... lol
Shhh you're giving away Apple's secrets!!!
I groaned internally when I saw the slide-out keyboard, no, just no.
Fireworks for me, always sending messages to myself to see and feel it, love it!
Aha came here to say this
Well I’m 25, it’s 12yrs ago since his episode, I’d kind of class that as back in the day haha
He was boss on Hannah Montana back in the day 
Cool! Heard he’s a top talent! - emphasised again in this thread!
Is he the scouser? I’ve said WWE needs a Liverpudlian dude, would love to hear a scouser on WWE TV, that’d be excellent (I’m from there lol) I only follow WWE but I’m aware there’s a scouser called Zack? Or am I wrong?
Do you regularly send GIFs via iMessage? The default GIF search engine in iMessage is #images - which is crap lol, download Giphy instead, install that.

But that may be what HashtagImages is, maybe the text thing doesn't display #? 
Creme egg you mean
CAR!
Jesus, didn’t last long at all, idiots, give them a Miz Participation Award, but hit them over the head with it because they don’t really deserve it
Incredible woman, followed you, I’m in love haha
Pay me to eat a weed!
"If I had to build a WWE Superstar from the ground up, it'd be Randy Orton!"
Those eyes, everything about this is perfect, your beauty is too much 
I could watch this forever, ultimate cuteness, beautiful little guys! So sleepy and peaceful. I love this
I can’t find one :( someone else tried to find it too lol
Roman Reigns in NXT?
Side note, I LOVED the acoustic performance of The Game that Motorhead did on the WrestleMania 21 DVD special features, so boss.
Yeah same here, I do remember him saying “professionally” though so I do like to think he’s sorry for his violence and is a better person now
I always think back to this too, I believe he said that walking out was one of his biggest regrets... professionally. Obviously leading me to assume that his biggest personal regret is his beating ways.
I was just starting to really like her as an interviewer, thought she brought a decent quality to the role!

Very best of luck to her!

So glad my Dasha is safe <3 lol
THE POINTING STARTS NOW!!!
Whoa! TIL
Oh snap, that’s why! Haha I always wondered 
Billie Marten, angelic voice. Her entire debut album, pop it on and fall in love.
Couldn't agree more, best wishes :)
>I agreed with the guy and had people tell me the world would be a better place if I was the one on the scooter that died and that I should kill myself.

What the fuck!? - Vile people that said this, Jesus! 
I don’t see them changing the name, a tolerable solution would be for next year, spin it into a “We’re honouring another great woman that paved the way....” and change it to another (actually honourable) legend, then just keep it with that one (if it’s a regular thing) 
Looks pretty perfect to me, gorgeous body ratio, beautiful everything, I love your arms and your belly button. I love all of your body 
Ahhh she’s beautiful!
Definitely not, beautiful girl 
That’s my email signature...
Brilliant mate, def think we should grab a drink or something, sound like someone boss to bounce ideas off of, send me a DM?
Sounds just like me, I sent you a message on the chat :)
So ridiculous,

Visited Warrington last month, such a ridiculous charge, gotta pay once each way, so silly and unnecessary.

We went yesterday too, selected no tolls on the sat nav - still ended up going over it on the way back too...

The bridge does look absolutely beautiful though when crossing it, gorgeous view, not worth the payment though lol

This post actually just reminded me to pay it before midnight! So thanks
My fav photo of the lot - she’s glorious.

Oh is it not? Yeah I’m in England, WhatsApp is like top tier here haha, I much prefer the blue bubbles though, I just wish voice memo quality was clearer and not phone call quality in iMessage, keeps the data down but we don’t need that these days really... come on Apple!
I just WhatsApp non iPhone users, and text iPhone users for that blue goodness 
Really decent showing, one of the best matches of the night for me was the Women's Title match, looking forward to seeing more from her, best chance she's had in WWE to show her talent. Def excited for more from her
Excellent observation, I can def see where you're coming from.
oof, big shame that like, yeah always go fresh with that kind of food, Caribou is so great!

Yeah def visit Trattoria, so good, they're fixed price menu is decent too, I had a bacon and avocado salad, really fresh and delicious, brilliant spot for food!
Oh really? In what way? Would much rather go into places haha, staff are really friendly and make you feel really welcome, nice to see them pouring the gravy on, that’s always so good to watch haha; really one of my fav places to eat in town. 

Go to Trattoria 51 sometime too, Italian food, gorgeous food, brilliant staff, the manager there has fantastic passion, chat to him, excellent dude
BABY LET’S CELEBRATE! YEAH YEAH YEEEEAAAAHHHH

Jesus, he’s had like 2 good songs for me (All Summer Long and Greatest Show on Earth) don’t get why WWE love him so much lol
Love this place so much haha, amazing comfort food
I'm challenging YOU.... Sunday April 8th, New Orleans....

I'm gonna beat you at WrestleMania!
What’s a PC?
Might give it a look, cheers
They should do this now w Braun and Alexa lol
Writing, film/video too
Not a gamer at all haha, cheers though
I’ll look into some, cheers bud
haha right, I don't drink like - hence the mellow evening thing, but I'm awful at approaching people, wish I could do that hah
I was 10 when this happened, this was back when my mum's then bf would tape WWE on video and bring it round for us to watch, he'd watch it as it aired and stop/record through the adult parts, he left this in though as a joke, my mum was annoyed at him but still told me to cover my eyes as she muted the TV.

I knew what the segment was, very clued up kid lol, but I only saw the entire thing last year for the first time haha
Me and a bunch of mates did the crotch chop in front of the school's security cameras near the exit at break constantly, this was in 2000 lol
Hahaah I love this
One of the best TIJ episodes, so haunting yet so fascinatingly sad.
Jeeeesus... very saddening.

I that the McMahon DVD with 2 faces being the cover? Is it worth a watch?
Blossom
Yeah I'll give them a shout on the off chance it's a no haha, cheers bud
Ooh ok sweet, will I get alerted for the next intake if I don't make this one? - let's not think like that... I'm in, I'm already in, positive mindset haha
Send me a pair if you do lol
I've applied, thanks for letting me know! Sounds really interesting and definitely something I could see myself getting into!
I will do, cheers
Oh excellent, thanks for the tip bud
I just heard about the meetups they hold literally yesterday, def gonna try and pop down to the next one.

I'll give you a follow mate, I'm always wanting to write and create something too but my mental blocks get in the way, I think discussing ideas w others would motivate me more and get me to be more creative
Near the Airport but would rather meet in town like. Totally up for discussing stuff, maybe make a short film or sketch or something fun. Up for seeing what happens.
I usually just check Indeed, currently looking for PT work myself in retail or in the creative/digital media space
Not a perfect ass, but it’s got some nice give to it, would still enjoy playing with it and in it 
Still not her shoulders though... how could you possibly think this?
She’s incredible 
Happens to me all the time, pause music, go to resume, Siri, I have to then take my iPhone out my pocket, clear Siri then resume manually, big pain cos it should just work properly. 
Oh yes! My new fav pic of her, love that hip cleavage, so beautiful 
Very much!
Not in Grand Central anymore, on Victoria St now - great for retro stuff though yeah, owner is really sweet too, worth a visit for her awesomeness alone
Jesus, this is so unfortunate, I love awkward placements like this though
Who said this? So true!
What a way to drown
This is amazing
B A D R E P U T A T I O N scrolls as she’s entering the ring
Beautiful woman, excellent smile, gorgeous Venus dimples, body to cry about, what a woman 
Ahhhh no, ADR was a good talent, but he’s such an idiot and has too much baggage, will just phone everything in and be a waste.

Please no
Oh really? I thought he had 4 real, with Jordan being the 5th, me and my mum have been laughing today at how Steph forgot Jordan as his son...

Oh so we’re wrong and Angle actually forgot too? Haha
Haha yes! This is so great 
I loved the Scramble so much, really loved it! Would love a return 
Really? So you can just go and see mail? What’s in it really? Lol 
Beautiful tits, very nice feet, fantastic taste in jeans, looks so great
This is excellent, I love this, but what’s in  the National Postal Museum?
Really cool, great that it works well as a speakerphone
I love iCloud Drive, I'd rather just have iCloud Drive app rather than Files, also, if I go to iCloud.com on my Windows lappy and upload something to iCloud Drive (which takes forever by the way - is it this long on Macs and stuff), then 3D Touch on my Files app on my iPhone, the latest upload doesn't show up.... It probably should...

I'm still within my 5GB, though I do pay for 50GB just in case, I really love iCloud Drive though
Very cool! Do you have AW3 w Cellular? What's it like taking phone calls on the Watch?

Cellular connectivity doesn't interest me much on the Watch, I'll prob get it w/o if I ever get one
Ah ok, thanks
Ooh that sounds so satisfying actually haha.

Oh it works w/o the iPhone? That's really decent, excellent feature!
What? Really? Hahah nice
Is it fun to use on an Apple Watch? I use it on my 7, I love to scan my fingerprint before I reach the terminal and then just tap my iPhone to the terminal, makes it even more fun hah
Ooh yeah, decent point made
So silly to get so excited over it, but it's so worth getting so excited over it, it's glorious to use, just seems so futuristic and amazing. I love it and use it everywhere I can - which in the UK is pretty much everywhere thankfully, not to brag lol.

What device do you have mate?
Your words were so grossly fascinating, excellent!
I don't really think many would either, but they'd get used to it probably. Everyone adapted to virtual keys on a phone...
I have nothing to compare it to, (Mac wise) but I type little Notes in the Apple store often, and it's gorgeous to use, I do think eventually we'll have touchscreen keyboards, Touch space for the entire keyboard, maybe in 10yrs time or so, physical keys will go, that's my believe.
Air is perfect for me, would also love the new keyboard too though
I'd love that, I'm saving up for my first ever MacBook - well I will when I get a new job... so may get the new entry level launching this yr, just hope it has a Retina Display, I'd get an Air if it did, most of my usage is Cloud based/streamed so don't need massive storage, just a decent machine with a gorgeous display
Never looked at it like this haha, suppose you're right, wait and see eh :)
Of course Kuo occasionally makes mistakes, but I'd still say this report contradicts the earlier one, one report says the Air would be replaced in 2018, this one say a new, cheaper Air is launching - so not being replaced then? Replaced would mean no more Air model. This would be a contradiction.

These are though, 2 reports regarding a new cheaper MacBook model in 2018 yes.
I just blasted his theme, amazing listen haha, I loved that era of Christian, I'll always love WWE in 2001, I was 9, even looking back, I still love it. Austin was amazing at this time
These are Christian's glasses and nobody else's haha.

Had to scroll too far down to get to some Christian.

AT LAST, YOU'RE ON YOUR OWWWWWWWWWWWNNNNN. Loved that theme haha
The other report though did say discontinuing the Air and having the MacBook be the new entry level model. You're prob right though
Sorry for your loss, many blessings to you and all
Earlier report late last year: "Apple to launch cheaper MacBook, replacing MacBook Air" 

Now this? Which to believe? Either way, not bad news at all
This isn’t nice though, does she get her phone back?
Marvellous play!

Love that he went you another photo of his knees hahah, you’re excellent 
This is really gorgeous 
Balor always used to touch his nose during his entrance, like 2016-2017 he’d touch it like 7 times on his way to the ring 
Why does her iPhone case cut into her camera?
Loved this one, one of my fav episodes ever, gold from intro to outro - didn't really care for the little punching bit at the start though... but solid episode of jorts
EGOIST's All Alone With You, though I do prefer the version without the lyrics, the regular version is bad ass too.

Such a boss song that gets me psyched up for things haha
Ah cool, TIL, nice tip
Totally new to her - spent a good 30mins watching some videos last nights, what a beauty
My fav thing about her I think
Love her feet
Had no idea her ass was that decent, wow
Was waiting for this, fantastic shot, I Liv for her booty lately, gorgeous woman
He still looks like a 70 year old man with that beard, looks like the man from Home Alone.

FUCK Ciampa lol
Amazing match! - I’ve seen the big talked about matches :)
Yeah I meant anything other than late 90s WWE, I always saw clips as a kid of old WWE and thought it was boring, I’m 25 now and can prob appreciate the older stuff, gonna have a nice watch :-)
Yeah I’m aware of the ring style lol, ah I didn’t know, will give it a watch :-)
Double Trouble Crap On a Stick!
Oh yes definitely, it's why I shy away from late 90s WWE, I've not even seen any other WrestleManias other than 2000 - Austin/Bret and other significant matches aside.

I'd love to sit back and watch some old stuff though, weekend sorted I think
Hahah fuck, she's actually not bad, great for her
Was he not that good? I'm completely new to Bruno, haven't seen a single match of his, loved him so much on TIJ though, could listen to him chat forever
I had a look haha, you're magical
My thought too haha, boss name though!
Your body is magnificent, but I love the thumbnail with your beautiful mouth and tongue showing - just as sexy as the reveal to me, gorgeous woman. 

Thanks for the titty drop, might have to follow you for more!
Oh haha, gorgeous,  her voice is so lush 
“Everyone knows that African Americans are attracted to Canadian white women with broken noses”

Brilliant segment haha
I’m in love w Velveteen Dream, I think he’s absolutely fantastic, he and Mustafa Ali are 2 of my faves in WWE right now. 

I think Dream/Clark is the future of WWE, I’m excited for that future, incredible worker, he has all of the talent 
60GB!? Why so much? I get 8GB, that’s way too much for me, how much do you use usually?
Incredible service, WWE fan’s dream. Love if
So beautiful! No words for how beautiful!
“I guess I’ll just try and make you understand, if you mess me, you’re gonna GET THESE HANDS”
Ooh hope so, hope we hear more about this very soon.

Who would incur charges for international payments though? If it's all done via iMessage, what if I (UK) wanted to send a US iPhone user money? Or any other country for that matter. Never even thought about this for some reason.
Tesco responded, it's EARN.... I'm still going to hear win lol
I’ll send a tweet to Tesco and see, I’d like answers 
Hmm maybe, might have to call Tesco offices and clarify this, I’d like the truth haha
Perhaps, but you don’t win, it’s a false play on the mind
Yeah earn makes more sense but to me, he says win and I won’t be able to hear any other way lol.

Proper patronising though 
It sounds like it says “to win” to me, I always think why are they acting like you’re winning something?

I hate his smug, patronising voice...
Jesus, awful fans, would love to hear of them getting blocked from future events, totally unacceptable really 
SHE is 16!
That’s fair, that’s more than fair
So much, they look so soft and kissable 
Jesus, she’s pretty much perfect 
I too was a huge fan of Jinder, I think he’s decent in the ring but just didn’t get to show what he can actually do - which is pretty much SDLive in a nutshell in my opinion.

He brought class and prestige to the WWE Championship and his entrances were majestic. Love his aura and his decorum 
4 Gs duhhh
Brilliant 
“I’ve put my drinks in the freezer!”

Always forgetting this and freezing them all. I even set timers on my iPhone and have still forgotten 
I didn't even read the initial comment until just now, thought you were genuinely asking what match it was....

Excellent match, Corbin is decent in the ring, just needs a bit more substance in his promos and a bit more added to his character, he's def top guy potential I think, decent worker.
Chairs Match w/ Kalisto, fantastic match!
Gorgeous lips too, fantastic woman
Hilarious, love funny facial expressions like this, Rusev’s are hilarious too
Lacey is amazingly beautiful 
Ahh what are they watching?

Gorgeous photo
Play-Doh, my 3 year old cousin loves it and I love playing with it with her cos it takes me right back to being her age, will forever love the smell. I miss those carefree, innocent days, everything was right in the world.
so soft and supple, yet firm enough to take a decent pounding, just want to kiss it forever, lick it all over, take naps on it and eat food off of it.
The ref shouting at managers on the outside then “you, OUT!” Crowd cheers, managers shouting in shock as they head to the back - never gets old, always hilarious.

Also not really a trope I don’t think? But a submission move that ends in a pass out and not a tap out, I watched Ruby Riot vs Sonya Deville in a No Holds Barred match on NXT,  Ruby passed out, giving Sonya the win, I love that spot, hardly ever happens, makes it so great to watch when it does. See also Asuka winning the NXT Women’s Title from Bayley, excellent stuff
I actually like the tag, it looks nice enough 
One of the best new shirts in a while, really nice, very cool
Oh that bullshit, that’s still going on? I didn’t know she was a part of it, so ridiculous 
Why?
Why is she suing?
This post is partly political 
I can’t reach the pedals!
We don’t need the g
I prefer Together Forever but Never Gonna Give You Up is decent too
Why is a cup of tea on the menu in the app if it's self serve?

I love the app, ordering food and having it come to you is pretty great, paying with Apple Pay in the app is boss too, all sorted so you can just chill and catch up with mates or browse Twitter and Reddit while you wait for your food and drink
Titus World-Wyatt
"Naming yourself after a Greek God..." Apollo mentioned on the WWE Network that Dusty helped name him... 
>According to my team's calculations

Dana Brooke? Is that you? 
Free press/guest passes to live events, music gigs etc, in exchange for a cool review of the show. - I manage a creative news website, covering music, comedy, movies etc. Decent perk, I manage the site for free while looking for paid work, fitting in management between work when I have it.

Been to WWE, Living Colour, bunch of other gigs for free, hoping to see Taylor Swift, Katy Perry and Justin Timberlake this yr.
What's Kate's Reddit again? @makeitloud on Twitter anyway
Ooh thanks, I'd have put SSArena on at 12:59 and been like, shit quick, where is it!? Now I know, thanks
HAHAHA this is brilliant, proper running gag that they won't mention TNA haha, so excellent
I actually think she sounds really sexy haha, I love that raspy voice in young women
Why, thank you! Haha
I do this too, I like to watch it swirl and spread through the water, it’s kind of relaxing to me, I know this is odd haha
Clearly fake but man this is absolutely gorgeous
Ooh where is the video for this? Love her tits bouncing, so sexy, gorgeous body
I get them too on my iPhone 7, sometimes they’re round, sometimes they’re not, it just happens randomly
Such a beautiful boy!

Love those loud purrs, my cat isn’t as loud as to hear him in the next room but he does sound pretty in your ear 
Fuuuuuck, beautiful toes, gorgeous lips
Nikki is gorgeous, really lovely normally, even sexy as the Psychotic Scot, beautiful girl, lovely feet too
Incredibly beauty, I love!
Ahh I love how they put their paws over their eyes when they sleep, my 2 do this, looks so cute 
Ahh Happy Birthday Nobu!

You have a voice perfect for Sesame Street or something’
That’s technically still asking for it... 
So how many HIAC matches in one night? 6? 2 World Titles, 2 Tag Titles and FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER 2 Women’s HIAC matches! History being made in the Women’s Evolution because you deserve it, if there’s any time for a yes chant it is now!....

Seriously though, I’ll miss the dual brand PPVs, I did love the brand exclusive shows, and the fact that more talent got on the card, we’ll see what happens though, it may work.

I just loved more chances to watch WWE PPVs, I love it, I’m def in the minority here haha

Has this happened during a brand split? I can’t even remember.

I always forget the magnitude of what he said, I wish he didn’t say this, how can he say he’s not racist after saying this? And that he’s sorry, he’s clearly not sorry, awful, vile words. 

Wow
I f’n loved POTA, would love more, tweaked format or not
“Hey, isn’t that the horse from Horsin’ Around?”

“No, I’m a goddamn billionaire!”
Lucky faucet!
It’s a remix version 
I loved that sell, fantastic work, good match, Charlotte is helping to make them all stars 
Well yeah but everyone loves HP, Hannah Montana is a very specific market generally speaking haha, not up and coming rappers lol
Oh ok, no idea who he is, might give him a listen, shows how out of touch I am, I’m only 25
I actually don’t mind the song that much, I don’t listen to chart music much, but I like this song haha, who’s Dave though?
I like when he says “I got 2 different worlds like Miley” rapping about Hannah Montana when he’s supposed to be a credible haha 
Nice
What were YOU listening to?
Take it from my haaaaaaands
Both anxiously waiting, craving the moment that they can get their hands on each other.... fanfic lol
One of my cats did this with football/soccer, goalkeeper would kick the ball and my Shengo would pop behind the tv for the ball <3
Ooh done :)
Gorgeous, would love to see a leggy pov shot from you? Beautiful feet, let’s see the rest of your lower half? 
What? Why? Wow, move immediately 
HO HO HO MERRY CHRISTMAS!
So lovely, black painted toes are a weakness of mine when it comes to feet. Absolutely gorgeous
So beautiful 
Ah that is true, times have indeed changed re iPhone longevity
Relax Sounds, for me, it's the best app for relaxing sounds to meditate to. Gorgeous UI too. So many similar apps out there, but this is the best one I think.
Yeah I had a binge of the classic keynotes about a month ago, just might watch this one again right now though haha, good times. Watching it now, ooh forgot how gorgeous that Notification Centre looked, loved that dark shade, I miss the NC, not the biggest fan of the Cover Sheet of today

I loved the iOS 7 redesign and I love the current iOS for the most part, silly little changes recently though then going back and forth on some things is a bit silly. I think next year will be the start of proper unity with all Face ID iPhones, I think this yr will be the start of getting back on track though :)
I liked iOS 5, very fond memories of getting my iPhone 4S and setting it up without a laptop and iTunes, loved using iMessage for the first time, I loved the little animation when the banner notification kind of rolled out of sight. I thought it was gorgeous, 4S was so great for it's time.
Pretty sure it'll be a big feature tout in iOS 12.3 lol.

Seriously though, I think this will happen soon, maybe even at WWDC this year.
Fantastic video, she's absolutely gorgeous.
I love how you knew what it was haha
Or chicken wings
Absolutely gorgeous woman, sexual eyes, body built for intimacy, incredibly sexy lips.

Beautiful woman indeed, among the lushest of women to ever be involved with WWE
Lovely feet, gorgeous tits, love her hips, excellent glasses, beautiful face. 

E: Whoa I didn't realise her feet got a lot of hate, I like her feet, she's so lush
Gorgeous case, in the market for a new case for my iPhone 7
Gorgeous
This is beautifully written haha, I’m a male, 25, have not experienced this yet (hope to within the month though, planning to meet up with someone soon)

This has me more eager haha
$6!? fucking STEAL! I'd have played that game too and took advantage of that deal often
Lucky sculptor, bet he was made up when he got this assignment. I'd be rock hard the whole time
Fuck, she's gorgeous, they need to let her be like this on TV soon
The Boss Sasha Banks would probably steal the spotlight in some way
Whaaa is that really it? Wow, it's like one of those imitation 100in1 games console things you get for super cheap at a market stall.

Like a fake WWE Network or something, if I subscribed and got it on my Roku, I'd think this was an imitation app by some rogue developer. Jesus, this is awful
Haha it actually is quite faster with our method, it makes it as fast as regular Contactless, total game changer. 

So good!
finally tried this twice today, double tap, authenticate while in queue, just go bssshhh and push my iPhone to the reader and it's super fast, already felt powerful when using regular Apple Pay, this way feels even cooler and powerful haha.
He’s a special dude for sure, top talent 
Jesus Christ, wow, hope you get this sorted and he’s no longer an issue for you.

Unbelievable stuff, wow 
Newspaper columnist
Too bad Tommy Lee Jones couldn't sanction Jim Carrey's buffoonery
make it a Fatal 4 Way with that girl scout from that episode of Friends when Ross breaks that girls leg.

Spud vs Bud vs Rudd vs Scrud
Me too, he says it the exact same way which is so good, as soon as he says "I've got one question for everybody here tonight..." I'm smiling like a school girl haha.

Elias is brilliant, excellent look, handsome af, big guy that can actually go and hang with the top stars, talented all the way.
This is all I want, AM is perfect for what I use it for, other than this.
Ronda Arousey
Garbage becomes perfect over time!
Only 1 segment was about crypto
Yeah she should have until the Tues after MITB technically 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQ4W7yB9Mow

Rhod Gilbert's toothbrush bit, all of his stand up routines are excellent
>she's not a good actress

What? She's def a decent actress.
it's plumper than it looks, I want to eat it and nap on it
Gorgeous legs, finished off with some beautiful feet, would love to get my hands around those.
Mine too
Fantastic bum, perfect for a spanking, many kisses, so many licks, some food to be applied and eaten off of it too.

Lovely 
Hahahah I forgot how hilarious asinine this was.

One of Wreddit's classic moments for sure haha
Well yeah that concept is silly, but so are ladder matches then? All you have to do is Irish whip your opponent and clothesline them out the ring, then dash up the ladder. Surely that's an argument to be made too? Wrestling is silly at times.

I enjoyed the actual match though for what it was, we all knew Cena was winning anyway (America) no need for me to get assaulted with d-votes for liking how a match was planned out, the spots and pacing was good considering yes, the concept is silly (and yes, that much less believable than a ladder match)
Jesus, took a hit there, yeah it was stupid that Cena won, but the actual match was good I thought...
Ooh yes, thanks!
But Cole said Lesnar was most likely watching last night!  He was watching right!? 
That flag match was really good though I thought, way better than I was expecting 
CAMELOPARDALIS they said!
They'll try again for about a week, then they stop trying and you won't be able to update/download any apps until you verify your payment info, happens to me often w Apple Music, I still have access to everything while they try and other once or twice, then when I have the money, I go into settings to verify info and they just take all the owed money there and then.

This is what happens in the UK at least, not sure if that's for everywhere though so might be worth chatting to Support?

Your stuff should be safe though.
love her feet so much, very lovely 
Survivor Series 2016 was incredibly fun, very entertaining PPV all around, loved it
Sweet? I have 2 cats, they're in this game for themselves...
Manson season is incredible. 
uuuuuuurrrrgggghhh?
Kid's probably gonna make bank, why I can't I do something meme-worthy!?
hahahaha FUCK you! :P
Haha love it, this is the stuff I come here for!
Gorgeous hair colour. 

Please don’t wait so long next time, beautiful woman
Has he been watching Cowboy Bob Orton wrestling matches? Lol
Good Lord, you’ve been blessed. I hope your self consciousness fades away because you look magnificent, like something people could only imagine. You’re a spectacle and a magical woman. 

Much love, light and happiness to you.

Beautiful soul and sunshine.  
Scoobies and Loom Bands
Pay Ronda Rousey to show up and point at the Super Bowl LII sign
Sonya is so gorgeous with her hair unbraided. Prefer her that way, she is lush
Made me love Eminem's Legacy, gorgeous video package
Let's do th^iiiiii s
Wow, excellent commitment, love this haha
It's not about that, it's about convenience, plus the Apple Pay Cash card is a cool alternative.
What Do They Know? Do They Know Things?? Let's Find Out!
So bizarre, who the hell plays that at a kids event? Jesus...
Maybe he’s an intern at Pixar undercover?
I know, I’d like to see that change
some I do, some are just selfies for when I feel good about myself
OK thanks, good to get a woman's view on this, I appreciate the advice.
Exactly, it's a forum, not a social media platform.
I know what made me happy in that moment, something I saw, who I was with, it'll be something. I either take a selfie or a regular photo of something to remind me, and when I look back at my photos, I'm taken back to that moment of joy.

I can't be the only one like this?
He’s built so many too
Are you calling him a liar!?
I Googled “is Reddit social media” and a thread on Reddit itself had people answering giving mixed results, 

So let’s not argue, let’s just accept it as some people say yes, some people say no.


Some people refer to it as social media, others don’t, others say it’s in the middle. 

It’s not concretely referred to as social media.

I don’t think of it as social media, maybe some people do but I don’t 
I don’t count Reddit as social media, Fb, Twitter, Insta & Snapchat are though.
Yeah cos I like meeting new people, the selfies I post are in my new glasses, cos I like how they look, and it was a good day to look back on.

Which is why I said I take selfies.
I'm a guy, I take a decent amount of selfies, usually when I'm feeling good about myself or at a time when I'm feeling happy and want to think back on those times, I don't post them to social media, they're just for me.

But yeah, people that constantly post random selfies all the time can be a bit annoying, but only because it's flooding my feeds, I would still consider dating somebody that did it. I'd ask them to stay off their phone or limit their use when with them though.
Absolutely gorgeous, incredible boobs, very beautiful scarf, excellent knitting skills and lips that make me want to cry at the beauty of you.


Amazing match, one of my faves of all time, loved Edge, but I was rooting for Cena as I didn't want him to go to SmackDown lol.
take all my clothes off, I'd like to leave this world how I came in. Except the being by my mum's vagina part.
Washing your hands then needing to pee is up there on the list
Oh did he? Lol, I hadn't heard about him saying so. 
Yes, we're not talking about that, I said a healthy, drug issue free Eddie, like a proper clean, viably safe Eddie.
Hmm maybe you're right, who can really say?
You really think so? A healthy , drug and issue free Eddie, really think he'd have kept going at least part time, he loved the business, I'm sure he'd still be involved and likely wrestling the odd one now and again
Yeah I'm doing that during the last break of SDLive already for 205Live w the Network live stream playing for the last 10mins, then I switch the HDMI channel over.

To have to go to Fb.com, then quickly navigate my Network app for 205 super quick would be an ache, I'd just watch MMC on my iPhone if I were in the US.
The Ramen Girl is a great movie, Brittany Murphy <3
Her ass was perfect, it probably still is now, but when we saw it regularly, so lush, dream woman 
Ahh I love this, I love seeing cats that love the same things as when they were kittens.

My cats outgrow everything haha
RIP Mitch :(
So you haven’t seen all the episodes.... you just said you love seen every episode several times yet there’s one you’ve missed....
MOVE ON! MOVE ON!
One of my faves in a while!
I can kind of forgive the subtitles, but even they were quite silly and very unnecessary, the lockdown ones were just bad too,

Hopefully WWE u/RealWWE see these comments and just leave well enough alone, hey guys, you tried something, good job, except not a good job.
It was so silly, the worst one of them all
The feast of Vaginismus! 
He gets many things so right, out of 10 things, he gets  at least 7/8 right, everyone always tends to focus on the things he got wrong.

The man is wicked smart, even to this day. He's the Steve Jobs (another revered and rightfully so, genius of our time) of sports entertainment/pro wrestling/whatever you want to call it.

The man deserves so much praise and should be well more known than he actually is, I respect the hell out of him, love that he's relaunching the XFL and wish him all the absolute best and trust that he's learned from his mistakes.

Very smart man.
Looked incredible, made him look taller too, maybe that's just me lol
:(
Did she say that really? I don't recall
So kissable and edible
Haha I love this account so much
Yeah haha, amazing line, I think it was just "It's like I've been saying, if you've got a back, Sasha's got a knife"
Gorgeous sax intro, I love it 
Nia’s Insta is a goldmine for her own shots and also the other ladies, so good 
Hahaah wow I forgot about this, fuuuuuuck that was amazingly funny
Will you stop!?
I might delete my fingerprints and go again to see, so weird how I had no idea about this haha
Definitely going to come in handy for me yep! Game changer this one mate, how come Apple have never touted this? 
Ok so I just double tapped for Wallet, it said "Pay with Touch ID", then changed to "Hold Near Reader" so wow you're right, I had no idea. It says it Hold for some time too so that's def pr-scanning, wow, TIL. Cheers for the excellent tip
Yeah I'm aware that you can access via a home button double tap, bringing up Wallet. I'll have to try this, I have an iPhone 7, going to try this next time. I've never seen this touted as a feature though. Touch ID always works w no issues for me.
It's only supposed to authenticate when at the reader though, usually I take my iPhone out, having my finger on the sensor, hold it over the reader for literally 1sec then it's done.

That's how it's supposed to work, you must have a faulty device or something, it's just that the fault works in your favour....I don't double tap the home button, I just take my iPhone out and place it at the terminal/reader
How? 30secs is a long time, so before you're at the card reader, you scan your finger w Touch ID then put it at the reader and it's done? That's not how it works, that shouldn't be happening
You can't pre-scan your finger/face
Sucks so much, Group FaceTime would be killer, so shitty that it can't be done
Lili Haydn's song Saddest Sunset, such a beautiful song. Love those strings.

I'm a sensitive, emotional dude, I like a good cry now and again, such a nice release. I'm not ashamed or shy about it at all.
No it kind of eliminates the problem, there’s much less “struggle” as you don’t need to open any apps, just have your iPhone out w your finger over the sensor w Touch ID or hand it over the sensor then up to your face and double tap the side button. 

Of course you’ll need to authenticate either your face or your finger, but it’s quite quick.

People just like to make problems out of nothing 
Nobody said this! She didn’t say she wants to give the exact change. 
Nobody is saying she wants to draw coins out the cash machine...

Plenty of people withdraw £10 though, that should still be allowed 
Watch successful tech YouTuber videos, see what they do best and take elements and make them your own, best of luck mate.
You put "a lot of work in it?" Good for you putting yourself out there a little bit, but aim higher, put your work into bigger and better things. This is not a good video.

Learn from this, you'll improve.
Loved this episode, Riley is a great talent,

What other episodes is she in?

Brilliant episode 
I don’t use Incognito Mode, my bad
"It's more Rumble than ever" I like that song now though cos it reminds me of WWE.
Why did you watch it?

Why did I click on it? 

Now my recommended videos will be similar badness
Am I the only one that likes then they break into the tea, I'd rather they didn't, but if they do, it's like a "oh well, nice treat for me" I like a tea soaked biscuit
Or you could just hold your iPhone next to the reader, no need to double tap the home button or the side button
Please do, my curiosity is high, I'd like to know
Go West are amazing though, it is a top song.
Sweety The Chick,

I hated all these things, I was 12/13 then, school buses crowded with kids playing them so loud.
Really odd, wonder why that is?
That can be quite nice though, some women have lovely feet.

it's nasty for everyone else
What if you've only got £10? Or £30? Can you really not get it out?
I quite like the song, I don't listen to chart music much but had the radio on and it came on and I like it.

I just stream on Apple Music, listen to Beats 1 occasionally 
You think so? My mum keeps saying this, I don't really see it, she just went SEE!? when I told her about this comment haha
Oh shit yeah, cos of the little girl in the vignettes? Haha I remember all of that, so bizarre
It was pretty clear Benoit would have won the ECW Championship
Hahaha wow, what a tit
Wasn't it supposed to be his mask? But WWE found out that everyone knew about it so changed it?

I remember watching that angle, Adamle and Kane in the ring talking, I could hear my mum's bf banging my mum upstairs.... while I was trying to watch RAW no less
She’s not that bad that she’s careless, she just needs to reign her movements in, she’s a well enough bump, I hope she’s in the Rumble and eliminates somebody
Such a shame, she's great on the mic, her expressions and her cadence is very entertaining. Yeah she needs a bit of ring work but throwing her out there is the best way for her to learn.

I actually really love Dana, she's a decent talent.
Amazing surprise, I love how small the ramp is and how close to the fans the entrants are, really makes it seem special. Brilliant moment,
It's not delusional at all, Apple want you using their services, their ecosystem is closed once you're in, you enter it and you're supposed to close the door behind you.

They've pretty much always been this way.

Buy a Sonos then, enjoy!
I have no issues with you calling somebody ugly, I just think you’re being an idiot about it and saying it again and again to annoy people, which annoys me, not the fact that you think someone is unattractive now, but she is still beautiful. 

If this is how you like to spend your time though, I’m sorry that this is what your life has become, I hope you find something fulfilling to do that makes you happy, I wish so much better for you.
You seem quite passionate about this... step out your door, get some fresh air, get a hobby or something 
“At Curb” it’s a TV show not a place, of course I saw her, she’s not fat
What is this, a crossover episode?
How is she fat? Seriously, and she’s def not ugly, she has an amazing and infectious smile, always has.
I’ve just subscribed, so great seeing you on Raw25, looked absolutely amazing, I’m 25, so I’ve only heard of Marlena, I only know you as Terri, you were a great backstage interviewer, always a joy to watch. I really should go back and see Marlena in action on the WWE Network!

Excited to listen and follow weekly, much love and light to you Terri!
Love this so much, wish I were there to give you some help
She looks great, how dare you? Love her in those glasses, beautiful woman, incredibly charismatic and funny. 
Very lush 
It was a gorgeously executed spot, loved it a lot, very nice chemistry!
Eric Ramoray
205 Live doesn't have ratings, it's on the WWE Network...
Why does her Snapchat name say Wnzo? Did she try and change her name to Enzo but mess that up?
I know, but he said "an iPhone wo 3D Touch these days" the SE is these days and it's a popular device
Ah see for me, it still feels familiar enough to not feel completely like a toy, it feels lighter and I guess I think of a toy when I hold it because of it's size, but it does still feel like a premium device, I still think it's absolutely gorgeous still.
Gorgeous legs, would love to see her from behind, beautiful girl
Big points to Terri too, never found her attractive, but she actually looked way better last night than she did during her time in WWE! 
Lilian has the fountain of youth at home and in her podcast studio for sure!
She still has aged due to her fillers or whatever she has, Lilian Garcia looks incredible for 51
My mum still has it, it’s not so bad, it is toy-ish but it’s still usable and familiar even now (I own a 7)
They still sell the SE....
Oh fuck, wow, what an idiot man, amazing opportunity and he's thrown it all away, fuck. I have no words, absolute piece of dirt for doing it, if he did.

I still don't truly know what to believe, career suicide really, wow. I'm in shock.
Makes me emotional hearing him reference her, it's nice that they're ok with her now that she's passed on, but it was such a wild situation esp seeing where Triple H and Stephanie are now, clearly they were destined to be together..

I was talking to my mum about her (we're both spiritual people) and we were thinking about her probably wanting to be remembered by WWE, looks like the Universe gave her what she wanted, unfortunately she just had to pass away first.

I hope they made up before she passed, even just a little bit. I'm glad she and X-Pac reportedly did, I hope that's true.

I love hearing her name be mentioned, esp by Triple H and Stephanie.

It'll be exciting when she's inducted into the Hall Of Fame.
Oh really? I always assumed she  retired due to injury. TIL, after disappointingly not seeing her last night, she HAS to show on Sunday!
IT'S... NAP TIME!
It was 2002... and he's appeared since then lol
ahh she's lovely.
HE WAS TELLING A STORY!
No love for The Game Plan? He made that movie so great
It's not paranoia, it's the USOS
It doesn't bury them, but it's still so stupid and doesn't need to happen
APA doing the honours? I guessed them after last wk's promo, fuck I hope The Revival get the upper hand, they should be built up, hope they can stay healthy, they should defeat Rollins & Jordan for the RAW Tag Team Titles
Eric Bischoff becomes a recurring on screen character again
I went thru a bad phase when I was 15, like I just stopped showering and just kept wearing the same hoodie and pair of jeans, it wasn't good, I have no idea why I did looking back now, my mum and my dad both gave me separate talks about hygiene and obviously I buckled up, now I shower daily or I skip a day and I'm fine, I smell pleasant now, I cringe when I think about that phase.

I think people just need to be told politely, like a "I hope everything is ok in your life, but it appears you're not showering? Please fix this..." kind of thing. I had nothing going on in my life during my phase but others might, so I think it's always kind to be considerate even if they smell bad.

But yeah, showering and basic hygiene is essential in life.
How long they took to come
Glad you enjoyed the show and love that the crowd showed up and seemed hot for it, makes me really happy, I love 205 Live, love the work they put in and the talent they have.
BEAT THAT NIA'S ASS

BEAT THAT NIA'S ASS
Rumi by Bukhara, beautiful Indian food, the place to go for Indian food.

I always shout this place, it’s so nice, gorgeous spot for a date in the evening.

All the best! Go get her/him!
CNET's Bridget Carey could say that too to be fair...
That makes three bricks on the gay
Jesus, give it a rest mate. Such a talented dude in the ring, really great to watch, such an idiot out of the ring. Wow
FAKE COVER FAKE COVER hahaha, these segments were the best when I was a kid, Goldust’s stutter gimmick was the best back then.

I miss Test, so gutted when he died 
She’s lying to you fucking guy!
The coy boy Amir said Shaun White writes, when the fake name he gave was actually Sean Spicy, excuse you, absolutely excuse!
haha my Shengo is the same, fellow black cat, he's a weird but oh so loveable one
Those beautiful eyes, that coat, ah she’s so gorgeous, give her a hug for me
You could in the first iOS 11 beta,  had for like 2 days and raved about it finally being a thing, then they removed it from official release and I was gutted, I have lots of photos I'd love to swipe through, now I have to swipe down and tap on a new photo, they really should bring this back
Let's go surfin' now, everybody's learnin' how, come on a safari with me, come on a safari with meeeeee
 I've been pretty into Craisins recently. You know, cranberry raisins.
bean dip
I’m raining fire like apache helicopters!

Such a good song, love that album
Disgusting, this creeps me out to no end, smart girl shutting that down. You should send these messages to the police or something, this isn’t good at all, who knows who else he’s chatting to, ugh makes me sick
Me too and I’ll have nobody say otherwise lol
Ah beautiful story, made me smile, you’re a wonderful person, I’ve saved this story as a pick me up for when I need it because it makes me happy.

I’d love if this went viral and got the WWE’s attention somehow, fingers crossed, imagine if they all visited the kids! Makes me happy just thinking about that little girl getting to meet Becky & co.

Share this story, let’s try and make this happen 
What is this, a crossover comment?
These all still going? Bixteth Street was rife with these companies, I went to one ages ago, like 2011 or 2012, Elysium Promotions, in some offices next to Oxfam on Bold St, all direct marketing door to door scams and stuff, I just went for the speeches and the motivational talks (love all that) made us watch some video of some comedian doing door to door really well (I forget who)  with a little slideshow about indirect vs direct marketing, load of shit like.

But yeah Castle St, Bixteth St, Water St, so mad that even now they're still prominent, so messed up, cult like jobs, awful
Now I'm truly excited, amazing man
You use your smart watch silly! They never said shit about not looking at your watch!!!
This! Me and my mum only watch WWE, we hate this gimmick, I've tried to like it, I think the accent is kind of funny cos it's stupid (my mum hates it) and we both can't stand his laugh, so cringe, great for him finding something that works, but I just can't enjoy this at all, I've tried, and it's not for me.
Ah I know that too well haha, I have 2 cats myself 
What a beautiful boy, looks like he’s about to break into song too
Such a hard nipple, I love it 
Really? Interesting, Prom is one of my least faves haha, I don't even recall the other 2, will have to watch them
Haha glad you took a pic of this! It looks so beautiful haha, excellent work!
r/oddlysatisfying & r/trypophobia all in 1, the middle of the pom makes me clench
Congrats! Cool news on the baby thing too :P
Looks too beautiful to eat, perfect look, could sell them and use this photo for marketing
Very cute, looks lovely, but why is this a thing? Lol
“Where is Triple H anyway?” 


“I don’t know, probably at home spinning U2 records, I hate that song, (mocking voice) It’s a Beautiful Day”

Classic line leading up to this amazing segment haha
You’re sitting on them wrong.

Seriously though, doesn’t sound like the best experience!
Clean up your shit Todd!
eating a Snickers right as I read this one, ugh haha
haha, 84,000+ subscribers!? Wow
>"Did you touch rocks? Tell me the truth!"

Haha fucking hell, this part has me howling with laughter, haha

This is quite bizarre
haha good times
> Da hale!?

FTFY
this made me smile so much, I've saved this to read when i feel like it, love this haha
So great!
The Spence
Excellent mentor on American Idol too
Looks like I'll be having a word with my cat Shengo later...
Jesus, this is a new low
I don't do this with food, but I'll drink some of a drink I'm buying, plenty of times I've bought some water and drank it while shopping. Then the self service checkout says there's a problem because the weight of the product isn't as expected, the helper comes over "Oh it's because you've had some" yes I know...

Food no, wouldn't eat while shopping, but drinking definitely. I'm 25 if that matters...
Can I please receive the secret code that if entered telephonically, it would put me through to you, which means it'll be your beautiful ass number!?
Well yeah it’s a Jake & Amir fan script...
Whaaat!? Nah they can’t take ads away! I use ads to know when to stop listening when commuting. Now I’ll just have to pause mid sentence!?

Plus I loved the segues 
Yeah me too, very funny women, excited for season 2, will have to rewatch S1, such a great show, loved the scene where Debbie realised the formula for wrestling at the live event 
amazing episode of TIJ, they seem brilliant those 2, and Chavo always seems really sweet, I know he may not be, but he comes across as such
has GLOW ever been mentioned on WWE?

E: Actually the stars of the Netflix series were mentioned and seen front row?
Ah she seemed so sweet in that doc, that reunion bit, she seemed so happy, ah bless her, fantastic woman. 
**Nice Date**

Rumi by Bukhara ££ well worth the price though

Trattoria 51 £
Big Bowl
Tokyo (formerly Tokyou)
Rumi by Bukhara (perfect Indian resto)
Trattoria 51 (fantastic Italian)
Marvellous 
I saw that yeah, Alexa left the ring, Cole raised his voice, I needed to pee and stood up, then sat back down, about a min later, break throw again and it was a break.

I’m in the England for reference lol
He's annoyed at somebody, I forget who, but I can picture him doing it, it might be Filo/Philo? The suicide guy, after he tells him he was stealing gas?
Tarantulino
Renee has been so good for a very long time, one of the most valuable on screen people in years. 
She is a dime 
What’re their fav Jake & Amir episodes? I don’t recall them mentioning any ever? Am I bad listener for this?
Gulak reading Zo’s note was amazing, love him so much 
Ah right, this has helped me a lot! I think I’ll reconsider things, I might give them a call and talk to them and see what they suggest, by some miracle it might still be worth applying so I’ll see what they say...

Thanks for sharing your experience!
Where are you bud?
I’d love this for emails, “Hey Siri, at (time) email __ saying __” that’s what an actual assistant is able to do, Siri should too, then with a notification that the email was sent
Ooh ok thanks 
Another question too, in my application, need to put my qualifications down, I can’t find my certificates so just using my CV to remember them and fill it in, will they ask for certificates as proof? And would it be easy to get copies?
Cheers mate,

All the best to you too!
Thanks for the advice,

I don’t write write all that much but do think this course will help me meet like minded people and help me write more, I’m not lazy, I just think this experience will benefit me in the long run,

I’m going to apply anyway, if I don’t get in, maybe it’s not meant, but if I do, cool, I’ll do my best with what I have, it’s worth a try :)
Thanks, will do
It’s they’re, not there...
He got paid for it too, what an experience 
Baltic Triangle is nice for cafes Unit 51, Coffee and Fandisha
Oh wow I didn’t know, it makes sense though now that you mention it
One of the best sells ever, always in awe at the brilliance when I see it
What’s this?
Season 2 and Season 7 is the best, Duchovny is a handsome man indeed
Gorgeous body, you have one of the best stomachs and belly button I’ve seen, mesmerised, not even in a sexual way, I just love looking at beautiful stomachs and belly buttons lol, very beautiful body, don’t be shy though
Love those nipples and feet, lovely woman
I always use it anytime I have any queries, love the "texting" to support, msg them, browse Reddit or Twitter, blink, notification of new msg from support, so great!
I was definitely joking but I’d certainly watch if it was, and it does sound like something Vince would probably do!
Baby killing makes her horny.

Seriously though, this is sad, it’s her choice, but that tweet sounded like a bad way to put it
His funeral will probably be streamed live on the WWE Network
I don’t usually like braids but it works on her, I prefer her without the braids, but she still looks gorgeous
She def doesn’t need all that makeup but I think she looks amazing always
CrossFit Greatness

Gold Blooded Jesus 
Dana in glasses is just right 
Bra Wyatt making his entire entrance just to leave the ring and watch Matt Hardy laugh.

Finn Balor in a very quick match as well
Sorry what is it he wants them to do? He wasn’t clear enough...
The child doesn’t need an iPhone, it can do just fine with a cheaper, alternative smartphone, but if his family have iPhones, then it’s gonna be very seamless to keep in touch with the child, and his son will have a great experience.

I don’t think he’d have an iPhone if he wouldn’t take good care of it. His parent know the value!

Great video, glad the child is very pleased with his new iPhone, best wishes!
Well it is 8+ years old, that’s def considered too old. Love that he still had that though in 2017!
Suave handsome boy! Looks like he’s doing well without you! He’s showing you how well how handsome he’s grown to be!
Ah what a gorgeous girl, love those cute pads. Give her a big hug from us all! Merry Christmas!
Looks like he’s going to try and find you and drill you so deep and pump you full of a mysterious substance scientists still don't know the full ramifications of
Source?
It’s a TV show, based on the 80s women’s wrestling show GLOW, that’s the only scene like that, though Kate Nash gets her tits out in an episode, quite nice lol, she’s actually really great in the show
That bounce 😍
My family and the Christmas dinner will have to wait! Had no idea about this, see I love Reddit, subs for almost everything! I should have known, cheers! Happy Holidays! Hah
GLOW, amazing show, that’s a good little scene too, watching women ride is my fav porn search lol, so this was great. 
So gorgeous, those amazing thighs! Beautiful woman 
Nature Boy, WHOOOO Ric Flair 
Absolutely beautiful smile, great boobs, but that smile is gorgeous
Oh wow, looks really beautiful, can I take this for my iPhone wallpaper?
Ooh ok, thanks for answering :)
Does it have Siri w HS? What features of High Serra do you not get?
Very nice choice! Fit your face perfect 
"Beauty fades but dumb is forever!"
Manson season is to be treasured forever, love it so much, Gloria Grahame episode is great too
Balls getting stuck to your thighs and in the way when you’re sitting down, too many adjustments need to be made during the day
He’s a stupid piece of shit
Nice, thanks, I don’t usually use stickers, but I’ll use these on occasion :-)
So bizarre, I believe you, but I still wouldn’t expect this to happen 
On your iPhone? Maybe an external mention but a video on the iPhone itself triggering Siri on that iPhone? I wouldn’t expect that? I’d have thought it’d be smart enough to know the difference 
Early access to iOS 12? 😱
Excellent pic, love those frames, gorgeous smile 
I love the term violin hips, you have a beautiful body, violins are beautiful instruments. 

Much love to you
Oh yeah I had them too, but I detest them with a passion (odd I know) so I deleted them... 
Ahh so does mine, cheers!!
How do you know? It doesn’t indicate that in my TV app? Or does it? I’m bad at detecting picture quality lol
Definitely, I got Home Alone on there one year, always watch it on my iPhone or in iTunes each year, best gift I ever got from it lol
She deserves more credit, she's smarter than she gets credit for and she works hard, would love to see her in a proper, solid match w Becky Lynch or something, magic would be made if she was given the right opportunity, let all of the women free and let them put on proper matches that they're capable of.

Charlotte/Nattie's  recent matches weren't given half of the opps to put on matches worth talking about and I really think Nikki is capable of strong matches, she just needs the chances
Mine too, anybody know? 
My mum’s is on Chris-err Rusev Day too! Rusev is my mother! Your father! We’re all Rusev on Rusev Day!

OOOOON THE SECOND DAY OF RUSEV MY PARTNER GAVE TO MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.....
You sound so beautiful, can’t wait for more
Wow, will explore her videos tonight 
Ahh she’s absolutely beautiful! 
haha excellent
>AMIR: If I apologize everyone will know that I'm not the chill one of the office. It's been a lot of work to build up that image.

Whole thing was great, but this is my favourite line, I could imagine Amir going high pitched at the end like in some 2009 episodes, great times.

Loved this, great laughs
and I'm not coming over...

Ok you're gonna feel really bad about that decision if I try to hurt myself...

One of my Top 10 episodes 
Lew Ashby's death in Season 2 of Californication, he gears up and is just about to ask Janie out again then accidentally snorts heroin and dies :(
Wondered when I'd see this, first one I see haha, agreed.
His birthday is actually on Christmas Day so that day really IS RUSEV DAY!

SING IT WITH ME

OOOOOOOON THE FIRST DAY OF RUSEV MY PARTNER GAVE TO ME....
You don't think David is attractive? I'm a straight dude and I see it lol
I love your thighs, incredible body.

Hope you're feeling better!
No idea, I just spend coins on Swap+, only thing I need to spend my coins on, love that feature
I know I’m not right... I’m not saying this kid is may one day transition, but the possibility is there, transgender people (once again) have said that they’ve known since childhood, it’s not completely weird to consider.

I’m not here to argue, maybe ignorant was the wrong word, all this transgender discussion for what simply could just be a funny comment by a 6 year old... let’s just leave it.

Again, best wishes to you
I know what words mean, but it’s not crazy to understand that some 6 year olds do believe they’re in the wrong body and choose to transition later in life, that is a thing. 

I’m done with this and you now, best wishes to you
Get him a big old bowl of BOOTY-O’s, why? BECAAAAAAAAAAAUUSE NEW DAY ROCKS, NEW DAY ROCKS *clap clap clap* 
It was a suggestion, he could just be saying a funny thing, or there could be something more serious there like feeling he’s in the wrong body.

Keep your ignorant views on transgenders out of this, people unfortunately do believe they’re in the wrong body and if they want to change that, by all means they should and there’s nothing wrong with that
I didn’t say every child who says something like this, it was just a suggestion....
Oh I disagree, I’ve laughed at his line delivery just as much as his chemistry w Danny, I think it can last without Danny. 
It’ll be interesting to see what they do, but I have faith, isn’t Ashton quite involved with the show? I’m sure he can make it work, he’s the funnier character to me anyway
Could watch this all day, very fun to watch 
Don’t be so naive, I’ve heard of plenty of transgender people saying they’ve known since the were around that age that they were in the wrong body.

Kids are very clued up these days, you’d probably be shocked as to what they’re aware of
This world has lost some incredible people over the past few years!
You ever heard Lilian Garcia sing it? Nobody can beat her perform it, Sept 13, 2001 at the WWE SmackDown tapng, Star Spangled Banner, such a beautiful performance. Lilian owns that song to this day
That was glorious, always loved this song, not her biggest fan but this, Paparazzi and Million Reasons are prob my faves. This performance was so gorgeous, glad I clicked in this thread 
I did too, beautiful album, Songs Of Experience is the same for me too, love it
Crazy how time flies, still can’t believe he passed away, such a crazy day reading that on Twitter, one of the best artists ever.

Check out his final few albums if you haven’t, really good stuff 
breaks the heart, gorgeous performace, yet so sad
>a few years back

Almost 11 years ago mate lol
I read this in Corey Graves' voice haha
"Well if I put it all in here, we wouldn't have anything to talk about"

Nobody is asking for your entire life! Just a hook that we can message you about....

When their About Me is just "........" or "Just ask" if you can't be bothered writing anything at all, you deserve to be single and have everyone just click off your profile.

Women that don't list their name! I messaged a woman for her name and she responded "Wouldn't you like to know?" like yes that's why I'm asking, why would you leave your name out!? I asked another woman for her name and she said "That's for me to know and you to find out".... I just fucking tried to find out, I shouldn't have to try and find out as it should really be the first thing you put in your profile! 

Jesus..... online dating can be a chore at times
He’s 6, 6 year olds are clued up
Ohh I wouldn't say she can't act? Her face when Shane returned, how she didn't break smiling after seeing her brother in a WWE ring after all these years, that deserves some praise at least, she was quite great during that WrestleMania build up I thought.

I too can't stand how she never gets her comeuppance and she belittles everyone and tries to take credit for the Women's Evolution, but it's still great to see her, maybe I'm just optimistic that one day she'll put someone over....
Ah yeah that was it, great stuff, love him
Didn't that only last 2 episodes or something? I'm a huge fan of Elias, very excited for his future, but what about EV made you a believer?
Ahh, maybe he's in the wrong body
haha oh wow, i hope you bring that up to her! Haha
IT'S BOSS TIME!!
hahaha whaaat? Jesus, wow
Jesus! So wrong, yet so funny
Jesus, what a woman, hold on tight my bud
Beautiful thighs, would love to kiss you all over
please don't aha
Nice, I’ll use that next yr when I upgrade 
I know
Marimba? Mine is Opening mate...
the fuck about it? That's glorious! Bite your tongue and hold your fingers!
Been waiting so long, love watching these too, so gorgeous to watch in the ring. Love their style.
Ahh this made me tear up, that scene in The Ranch was def emotional,

I’m sorry for what you went through and I’m glad to hear that you got a baby in the end, just know that your angel above is looking down and guiding you and your son.

Many blessings and best wishes to you all xx

Anyone here that’s ever gone through the same thing, much love and light to you too
Halfway thru Part 5? Source? I assumed he’d be in all of it 
Love it, Sam Elliott is a treasure, completely new to him but his great voice, his line delivery and his facial expressions are amazing, handsome fucking dude too, I’d probably say he’s the best character on the show.
They’re good, keeps me wanting more, it’s a really great show, I hope it goes longer, it doesn’t need Danny, I think it can survive without him, hopefully it at least gets 1 full season without him
Haha well I’ve not watched it yet, will do so tomorrow, but the anything animated doesn’t seem necessary in a documentary like this,

Excited to watch though, this and the XFL one I’ll finally catch tomorrow :)
have not watched it yet, but I already feel the same way lol, that kind of thing isn't needed in something like this
Excellent mate
Errr yeah! That’d be boss
too soon to talk about :(
He thinks different
THIS IS GONNA BE YOUR JUDGEMENT DAY
This is quite interesting actually, and  bit creepy, hands are fucking weird, how some people have long fingers, people have small hands, large hands, hands are just weird, but this is fascinating
r/OopsDidntMeanTo
Guess why I quiver?

Chicken liver
Really beautiful wallpapers
His passion and determination should be revered even if nothing else
So much respect for this man, yeah he’s done some shady things and he’s inconsistent at times, but as a business man, he’s definitely someone to look up to, I’m loving reading all of this.

All the best in this latest venture. 
Twitter, or Reddit if there’s a notification, but email & Twitter first 
Oh ok, different show entirely then
I don’t know what Baskets is?
Hi, it's me, your friend :P
I like it! It takes an extra press to actually play pods now, but that's not a huge issue.

It works great, and I like ads in podcasts, great time to stop them to resume later if I'm busy so wouldn't want any special features that other apps may have.

I like the Apple Podcasts app :)
Sell your daughter on eBay, you'll soon decide... 
Thanks for sharing yourself with us, have a beautiful day!
Savage Garden's Truly Madly Deeply and I Knew I Loved You was out, loved those songs as a kid, I was 7, I also loved LFO's Summer Girls, I miss being 7 so much (I'm 25 now)

I fondly remember going to a park on a school trip (no idea which one, really wish I knew) and a girl in my class named Gemma, me and her were close, I just remember lifting her up off her feet in the park... my mind remembers it being autumn, so anytime it's autumn, and I see the leaves on the floor, I'm whisked right back to those days.

I wish I knew Gemma's last name, would so search her on Facebook to see what she's up to.

Childhood was so nice, LFO's Summer Girls, that song was huge for me when I was 7, I loved Home Alone (still do) and remember mentioning to my mum that they mention Home Alone in the song, and laughing cos I love that movie...

I remember when they reunited in 2009, was made up! So gutted when Rich Cronin passed away, loved him, his solo stuff was so great, criminally underrated artist, and now Devin Lima has cancer, very sad, will always love LFO, regularly listen to their stuff on Apple Music, great guys.

I think about that park trip and Gemma every autumn and winter, Savage Garden's music takes me back to being 7/8, miss those days.

Thanks for this great reminiscence Reddit! Haha 
Horrible Histories!
She's not Chip's (Will Arnett) mum, she's Dennis's (the other guy) mum. Great show
Such a piece of dirt, some of his songs are catchy though, fuck him as a person though
It's KANE!
knock a door dash
Something about Ruthless Aggression...
Hell yes!
Haha same
Brilliant
I’d love to see this happen, someone should do this and have it go viral 
I like this a lot
Ajit Pai? More like Eejit Pai am I right?
Ununpaid? Double negative? 
He has great hair!
Shame, I actually really love his music, his first 2 albums are very underrated pop, and his latest EP is cool.
Jesus, so mean haha
" I miss seeing my son"

"You'll find a way"...

"Get out of my car"
Jesus haha, I can't even defend WWE here, this, this is it lol
Jesus, that's really shitty to not tell them
I think your face is even nicer than your body, and your body is artwork, those eyes are pure gorgeous. Thank you for sharing your beautiful face and body. Glad you feel it's liberating!
I used to have the wardrobe they had in the first season, they had wood handles, I had the other option, still cool to see though when the show started haha
MEGAAAAAAANNN!!
My nan texts.like.this. and. spels. rong.

She has an iPhone, she's not good with tech, but she still has a full keyboard on her iPhone and should be able to text properly, no excuse for it other than her laziness
Will Smith.... I don't know why, but I've never liked him, I just have a feeling that his nice guy thing is an act and something is going to come out about him one day (not this obviously, I mean I hope nothing ever does come out) but if it does, I'll be there saying I told you all so.....

Will Smith!!!! SMMMIIIIIIIITTTTHHHH!!!
So many, I don't really feel guilty, music is music, I love what I love haha, but....

Shania Twain's Come On Over album
Carly Rae Jepsen's Emotion & Emotion Side B albums
Avril Lavigne's Girlfriend - Avril was class back in the day, haven't listened to her since Girlfriend
Britney Spears' Glory - great album!
Sixpence None the Richer's Kiss Me, love that song
The Corrs' At Your Side
All of Taylor Swift's music, big swiftie here lol
<3 proper memories, I turned off every other song and killed it in that game with that on, great times! Burnout was amazing
You’re right, just saying though that it could be nice to have the option of both
Triple H in another interview: “HANDS UP WHO’S HAPPY! I’m making fajitas!”
Wouldn't that make YOU the cash cow?.... dun ^dun^^dun^^^duuuuuuun
Big possibilities!
I’d like to have it as an option potentially, it wouldn’t be necessary but the option would be kind of nice, I don’t see them keeping it though
Yeah I know, was saying that if they implement Face ID, they should keep Touch ID too :)
Be nice to get a scalded dog in there somewhere too
Quite the semi-charmed life he lead...
>someone who was actually very famous in the 90s

Bojack Horseman!?
ad breaks are when I look at my iPhone, 
I'm more of a Numbers guy myself, but I love presentations in all forms, and Gulak is a treasure
Yeah that’s a really silly thing, I had no idea about Facebook’s original content either until like last wk, why don’t they push this? I doubt I’ll find much of it enjoyable but I’ll have a browse!
Agreed!

Both Touch & Face ID would be great on Macs, they both work.

Agreed re security too
Ashley Graham, my #2 celebrity crush
So Face ID is definitely staying? ^^^/s
Perfect theme for him, should never have changed it
Love those dreads! Great body, lovely face, def want to give you kisses and have you wave your hair in my face hah
So it’s not airing worldwide? “Exclusively in the US”?
Absolutely beautiful stomach. Hope you feel better about yourself soon and have a week that’s as beautiful as you are. 

Many blessings, you’re very desirable
You don’t know that’s why people are shopping online...
Yes please
Who was the woman they cut to when talking about Disney princesses?... 
I enjoy that with Apple Music
Good for you mate, I'm 25M, single, never had a gf, never even kissed a girl (other than as a kid), go for it mate, best of luck
Jesus, sorry for this, I've been Catfished myself, so I know what it's like, glad that you feel grateful and can use it as a learning experience!
205 is amazing, loved it since day 1!

Yeah their runs will be brilliant 
Well I’ve been stuck on that one achievement since the 4S lol, got my 7 now, that’s my New Year’s Resolution lol, conquer that achievement 
Yeah that’s really great! Everything he does is magic 
Hopefully they both get their time in the sun!
That match early last year? I think Neville best him with the superplex in the end? Amazing match, PPV quality.

Yeah it’d make sense for him to beat Enzo too with their little interaction in the lumberjack match and stuff
He could be a credible heavyweight for sure, he’s really good! I just prefer Ali, I do enjoy his move set more
Wasn’t it a teeth whitening kit? Not his dentist?
Am I the only one that prefers Ali to Alexander? Cedric is great, but Ali is just so smooth to watch and to me, that bit more exciting.

Can’t wait for Mustafa Ali’s rise to the top 
I know what she does, she’s still lush
Sometimes it looks fat, most times it looks flat, I’ll stick take what I can get though, she’s still an absolutely beautiful woman 
Lol, comments like this are why I love Reddit
Ah fucking hell, very sad. Yet he’s lucky to understand and be able to walk away now and live his life. 

Hopefully he lives a nice, trouble and issue free life
Beautiful stomach, gorgeous hair, fantastic chest.

All the love for Indian girls!
Thank you, it’s by choice though, just not a fan of sitting on games all day haha, I have heard great things about Monument Valley though!
The day we do it will be a glorious day! Haha
Haha glad I’m not the only one!


Enjoy the service if you choose to subscribe! :)
In order to play them offline yeah, you’ll need to download them
You get three months free, explore it for three months, enjoy it, get over the small UI niggles, iOS 8.4 had the best UX for Apple Music I think...

But sign up, listen, download if need be, enjoy the experience as best you can.

I've never had any issues with it, it's a glorious service for me, I have 1 song downloaded that I use sometimes as an alarm, everything else I stream, it works amazing for me.
Such a beautiful game, only game I have on my iPhone, I rarely play it but it's always there if I feel like playing it, and anytime I open the app, I'm taken on a beautiful journey of colour and flight, really gorgeous.

I'm finding difficulty getting through Island 4 in Fever Mode lol, it still says islands coming soon, this update gives me hope that they are indeed coming.

Determined to get thru Island 4 in Fever Mode though, I've won the racing islands, took my a long while but I did it, there's still 2 islands I've yet to begin, will do at some point.

Absolutely adore this game.
Nia on 205 Live?

That’s too much man!

Seriously, I like this idea, we get to see Nia twice per week? Love it.
“We have a new position for you here at Apple, and we think you’re going to love it” 
Haha brilliant,

What does his theme translate to?
She's going to speak to HER people in HER language of Pornjabi
I love him too, even though he blocked me despite me never mentioning him ever... forever a huge fan and would love to see him have one more Title run putting someone over big
Beautiful body on her, really like this show, enjoyed the second season, hope it gets a third season!

New to Karley, mesmerising woman, gorgeous tits
Hopefully she’s watched the show and yells that if she gets fired 
Sami being top baby into the summer would be great 
Yeah but I meant turns on Sami, like that’s how Sami turns face
I'd rather it be Zayn, Owens pretends to be ok, Sami wins the gold, Owens turns, long feud into the summer.
Dara is handsome af! 
The dog looking up as Marty was explaining everything was a bright spot, he deserves some kind of award or some shit. 

I love straight man Geoffrey even more than dumbass Geoffrey, such a great asset to Headgum, talented dude!

Marty’s visuals are great

I realise others have made these points, definitely agree!
“Tasting like vodka and curiosity” love this line so much. 

Aaaand I’m hard, great story, please have another session and tell the tale, beautifully sexy story 
“You’re a little Chatty Cathy...”
>modern day Rajah

No that's Jin- oh wait
I always wanted to know Sooty and Sweep were saying, I remember putting the subtitles on to try and find out.... I was 14 lol
Ohh ha yeah that makes more sense, surprised he didn’t mention that he’s veggie
Gosh darnit yee-haw!
Have you ever hunted lime game? Is that what she says? What is that? I've seen game named on dog food cans lol, is that the same thing? Hah I honestly don't know, someone help? Lol
Saw the graphics last night, absolutely love it!
Loved that delivery, excellent line delivery constantly from him 
Loved that reference haha
I think I love you
That's why I think she sounds familiar! Could never notice it! She really does!
Who is Phillip Morris? You Told Me You Loved Only Me
Prince passing away would be up there, such a shock
hahaha eggs
Haha really? Awkward! Do you remember any good scenes or plots? Lol
Every now and then? I watch it like every month lol, love it, timeless even though it's not, can learn so much about presentation form watching Jobs' stage presence
Sittin’ by the fire while we eatin’ fondue
She is, very lovely looking woman
But I thought she was bringing booty baaaaaaaack??
I like this
Haha fair enough,

We remember weird things haha
Oh he did? Haha, my mistake, there ya go then!
Cena's rap at the end of the credits too <3

Amazing game, the actual in ring gameplay was fantastic, only game that ever came close (and my second fav game) is WWE SDvR 2009, I loved that.


Is that the one when Torrie Wilson walks away and Teddy says: "I hate to see that girl go, but I love watching her leave"? Lol
Sounds like it was ahead of it's time
Haha, I remember this now, amazing.
I remember on the WWE game, I think it was WWE SmackDown! Shut Your Mouth, when you went backstage, I think one of the questions was whether (whoever you spoke to, Rikishi was an option) had a pre-match ritual. I'll always remember this cos it was when I first knew of the word ritual lol.

I don't think he mentioned this in the game though. Lol
Ahh he seemed so happy, this made me a bit sad watching it, Steve was an amazing man
Gorgeous, those curls too 😍
Shoop 
Ahh ha ha wow
You give me the money I ain’t playin!
GET HIM!
Ahh bless him, beautiful, brave, yet silly boy! Give Clive a big kiss and hug for me, ahh
Am I the only one that loves the Punjabi Prison? I think it looks really beautiful (not what they're going for, I know lol) and I like the concept of 60secs to leave.

I understand it's quite big and prob difficult to see for the live crowd, but I quite like it as a match type
Ziferblat is decent, Unit 51 in the Baltic is lovely, Coffee & Fandisha also on the Baltic is really nice, little corner spot to get some work done
Done, very quick, good luck 
So beautiful 
I actually use Gmail as my primary email, but I’ve chosen my iCloud email as my email to be kept in touch lol
Where you at tho?
How do I get in on some of this? I had an iPhone from that time and I'm in the UK
😂😅👏🏽

I still love it, always will haha, I agree with you on their traits though hah
Ah no! Sorry bud
Exactly 
She's going to see Brett Young in Madison, a quick Google, the show is in Wisconsin, so it depends where the show is... Wisconsin is the answer

We’re all new to Apple Pay Cash, but yeah, the icon won’t be there until the service is active, I imagine it’ll be next week.
How would they know?
No, why would you have the icon if it wasn't enabled?
What language do you dream in?
Best kind of pics these, love seeing forts, seriously though, love just out the bath/shower pics, and forts, 2 of my favey things in one