Mutable trait. Gemini, Virgo, Sagittarius, Pisces. 
We just call it Tuesday night.
Well, one out of four had a BF and were in an open relationship, so....
Us gay men had a 125% success rate.
From what you wrote, you're the one playing games, not her. She seems to be direct and honest about what she wants. She's put your relationship first when you showed hesitation. You're the one lying to her and "investigating" her intent.

Don't say you're comfortable with something you're not to test her. 
And yet they can't grow their sales volume.

Americans don't want cool, sporty cockpit- like faux sports cars. They want tall driving appliances like Nissan Rogues and Toyota RAV4s.

I love Mazda and their engineering, but they are living in a niche. They aren't going to save anything.
What a terrible idea. [Who wants a convertible SUV anyway?](http://fcauthority.com/fiat-chrysler-automobiles/fiat-chrysler-automobiles-sales-numbers/jeep-sales-numbers/jeep-wrangler-sales-numbers/)
Yay, VW #1!!


....oh, wait.
I owned a MY 2015 Outback. It was an absolute piece of garbage. Leaked oil, CVT lagged and shuddered, windows leaked and rattled like they were going to implode, power liftgate wouldn't work. It was total trash. Anecdotal, but it completely broke my illusion of Subaru as a reliable automaker.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting-brake
I like to think my seat belts flapping are the car clapping in excitement that the windows are down and I'm out for a drive.
Your license plate placement makes me sad. :(
Please let it be shooting brakes or wagons 
It is crazy to me that the aesthetics of CUVs are more appealing to people who's decisions are largely more practical than the obvious practical benefits of a minivan.
Yup
Read his post history 
SUVs with plastic body cladding based on Chevy's? I'll pass.
Only two:

The BRZ/86 with an engine that has actual power and performance tires.

The new Mazda 6 with turbo 4, but in a wagon.


To fix leaks and rattles/squeaks, just apply some gummy pledge. I do it about every three months. 

[Apply here.](http://i.imgur.com/QeXBJAK.jpg)
I avg 35 mpg in the highway and 28 in the city, total of 30mpg average. Stock SE with a stick, and I spool up the turbo a TON.
You won't regret it. I'm so in love with my car it's insane. 20k miles today and not a single issue.
If it's the 184hp 2.0t, then yes, it is a slouch :P
20k miles on my MK7 and not a single issue. No rattles, no CELs or weird noises or any problems whatsoever.
Does it have actual performance upgrades or is it just an appearance package? 

Edit: Nope, just an [appearance package.](http://www.motortrend.com/news/2018-volkswagen-tiguan-gets-r-line-flair/)

Go out with her.
I bought a 2017 SE *last January* for under $27k. A great deal would be $25k or less.
Proximate cause was her entering his home on a first date. His behavior was inappropriate, but she was stupid. Neither are in the right. 

Since when do you enter a stranger's home on a first date for any reason other than sex? Keep in mind this was NYC. Not like there's a shortage of safe, public nightlife to get to know someone.

Here's a rule of thumb for your future sexual encounters so you don't end up in a similar "awkward" situation: don't enter someone's home alone on a first date and expect them to not make sexual advances.
"Chiropractic is fake!"

"No, it's super real!"

repeat times one billion.

I just saved you from having to read the comments. You're welcome.
I had no idea Canada had different color options. I just went to vw.ca and checked out the builder.

I'm now extremely jealous. Why is it so different? Do the Canadian cars come from a different factory?
The Bright: Toyko Drift
I wasn't being misleading. I wrote an objective fact: Consumer Reports, a magazine/website that reviews cars and collects consumer data on cars, gave the 2017 MKVII GTI 5 out of 5 in a criteria they call "reliability." I don't know what you want me to say. You're not wrong, but it's so common sense to be inane. Does anyone really not understand that a current gen car that hasn't been around for an extended period of time hasn't been rated *over an extended period of time*? Really?
The 2017 MKVII GTI gets 5/5 in reliability from Consumer Reports, matching the Toyota Corolla and beating the Honda Civic.
Same!
Text him you know he's with Denise and end it. There's no point in sticking around or waiting.
That doesn't contradict OP. These are VINs for cars they've ordered. It could take another 6 - 8 weeks for these to hit the lot.
My car, 2017 GTI SE, is quiet as a tomb with zero rattles at 19k miles. 

I get a loud creak at the farthest end of lock to lock when cold and the car feels like it's slightly lifting off the ground. Always assumed that was normal.

Have you checked that your rattles aren't items (keys, gum, coat hangers, etc.) in your cabin? I've gotten a lot of false alarm rattles that turned out to be things resonating off the glass.
You didn't do anything wrong. I would give your boss feedback on having situational awareness on what he says and who can hear it.

It's healthy to vent frustrations at work as long as he wasn't venting to one of his employees or your peers. If he was, that's different and I'd confront him about the appropriateness of complaining to your coworkers about you. That's not illegal, but certainly hugely unprofessional.

He can be frustrated with your time off. You can take your time off within the framework of the policy of the company. As a manager, I get frustrated when my employees take time off when it's inconvenient sometime. I probably vent about it to my peers unknowingly in passing. But that's life and we work through it.

Don't take the venting personally. 
Sad!
I love my GTI. My only complaint is that it could be a bit wider inside. My BF and I are tall and big guys, so we're constantly fighting for the center armrest :P
FWIW, my GTI has 17k miles and I haven't had so much as a tiny rattle. The car has been flawless.
Wow...I thought Mazda's were pretty reliable?
It is weird *to me*. 
This is kind of weird...
The replacement is USB-C, not Bluetooth.

And USB-C has jitter problems.
I WANT SEX HIM
You just leave your poo there? For everyone to run through? 

That's nasty.
You break up with her.
Your question is confusing people. You red herring love as something it's not and then argue the point.

Love isn't an action, it's a feeling. You can't conflate the objective physical response with the subjective qualia of it; understanding how a thing works is not the same as understanding why it matters.

If you want to know what romantic love is, check out the fourty bajillion pieces of art, music, literature, poetry and letters created on it.

tl;dr - bad philosophy
The military wouldn't be in trouble, because it is the best placed for unskilled and underdeveloped people to go to grow into functional adults. 
I'm a poly guy in an open relationship. This has all kinds of red flags.

She's WAY too specific on what she wants. A woman into BDSM? My money is she already has the partner picked and is wanting permission so as not to "cheat."

If she's open, you're open. Does she consent to that? It's not fair for her to expect liberal freedom and not be willing to give it to you.

You sound like an absolute sweetheart, wanting to learn new things for her. The fact that she is turning down your advances shows she doesn't want you.

Being "inexperienced" doesn't matter. How many dudes or girls will she need to be with before she's "experienced?" She's bored, lost some weight, and wanting to play the field while having her steady-Eddy at home waiting for her if she feels like she made a mistake.

Break up with her.
Maybe he doesn't share your "principle of openness and transparency." I certainly don't, at least not how you framed it.

It sounds like you have a need to be included in more of his life and he doesn't want that. Could simply be a compatibility issue. 
Here's what I've learned in my life.

Step 1: Be gay

Success.
>I feel like he’s been so great to me, and I’ve been this horrible, hideous, sneaky, conniving, backstabbing, monster. 

Yep. You are. Now fess it up and hope he's better than you. He's deserves better than your lies.
Or full grain. I'd also say make 100% it's not manufactured in Asia. 

No worries :)
So OP's GF says she's insecure but you don't think she's insecure? Help me follow.


Sure. The point is that OP is honest, GF is insecure, and the next guy she finds is way more likely to do it and lie about it than not do it.
That's really up to you and her. One of my BFs I can talk for hours about serious, deep topics totally impromptu. One I have to break into small doses and schedule out the conversations. You know your dynamic.

I'd also add it's not her job to attend to your insecurities. If you are feeling insecure, you need to look inside yourself and do the work to fix you on your own.
I see this as a potential positive, not a negative. A phone should be a convenience for the person who owns it, not a right of invasion for everyone else. Unless he's just not into you, he may be engaged in the moment with whatever he is doing and not living in his phone. 

Next time you're out, watch his behavior with his phone. If he's not in it, then he likely is treating you the same as everyone else. If he is constantly checking his phone, h3s probably not that into you.
I don't think the being Christian part has anything to do with OP's concern when you break it down.

His LDGF has insecurities and projects them on the BF's masturbation habits. She wants him to stop masturbating and watching porn to feed her insecurity. 

If it's a moral issue, then why come to this subreddit? That's like saying, "I keep murdering people and my GF days if I don't stop murdering people she'll leave me. I know I should stop murdering people. What do I do?"

I'm interpreting this as OP thinks masturbation and porn are ok, his GF doesn't *because of her insecurities*.

OP, I'd tell her she has three choices:

1. A man who will tell her to her face that he jacks off to porn.

2. A man who will lie to her and say he doesn't.

3. A man who is asexual and won't find her arousing.

Ask her which she wants.
Try to objectively and rationally explore the scenarios your feelings are presenting. 

For example, whether you are poly or mono, there really is nothing stopping her from replacing you. Either she sees that your relationship fulfills her needs or it doesn't. If it doesn't, she'll eventually leave regardless. All you can really do here is talk about your needs as a couple and do your best to make sure both parties are feeling fulfilled.

The fact that she is still with you, right now, is evidence she wants to be with you and she feels her needs with you are met.
Would you be ok if your boyfriend slept with other people?
>I know it's none of my business...

Bingo.


I think it's sweet that your GF would come on reddit and anonymously reassure you of the quality of your gross penis.
I had a 2015 Subaru Outback that I bought new for two years, then got rid of it because of all the problems I had. It was the least reliable car I've ever owned. Those things are pure hype.
Got a brand new Tundra in August. I'm hoping it lasts at least until the end of the end of life on earth.

At least.
I mean, it's an empty criticism. A business should spend the minimum amount of resources necessary to get a desired result. Like, what business in existence would spend more for the exact same result?

And the A11 is benchmarking super well. Hopefully this leads to Qualcomm/Samsung upping trheir game.
Get a blood test for the herpes. You're probably fine. 

How many people you've slept with is really not important. I'd rather date a guy who has lived a little, knows what he wants, and is getting his shit together than someone who had zero experience and no clue what he wants. 
Next you're going to tell me Bing is the superior search engine for porn!
Your wife finds a beard and body hair more importrant than yoiur health. 

You need to get out ASAP.
I'm allergic to cats. I looked into this a long time ago, and it's kind of complicated.

Most (not all) cat allergies are to a saliva protein called Fel d 1. If this is the case of your allergy, some cats can have less of this protein in their saliva. Depending on the intensity of the sufferer's allergies and the levels of Fel d 1 in the cat's saliva, you may not notice symptoms.

**However,** there's no guarantee that a cat breed will have decreased levels of the protein and by what amount it will be decreased. Sadly, kittens have decreased levels anyway, and so aren't a good indicator. You can adopt a kitten, have no problems, and then the full grown cat causes you to suffer.

Also, if your sensitivity changes, you may find yourself having symptoms five years in with a cat. That could be terrible for you and the bonded cat.

So it's a mixed bag. I'd love to have a cat, but I'd hate to bond with one and then have allergy symptoms kick in.
It's weighing on your conscience. You owe it to yourself to get it off your chest with her. She deserves to know the truth. Just clear the air and let come what comes. You'll feel lighter and better if you do.
She invited us over to eat her placenta.
Why did you break up with your ex? 

Why don't you just show your friend your bullet points and talk it through? 
I hope not. I love my Axon 7. 
They're pretty cool. They sing mostly older songs in falsetto, which isn't really my thing, tho.
Wouldn't bother me. Bareback is WAY more fun and intimate than wrapped up. I'd want my partner to be able to fully enjoy her other partner. It'd make me really happy to know she had that with him. As long as everyone was polifidelitous or practicing safe sex and getting tested regularly, that is.

Are they considering kids? That might be another discussion. Kids would be a burden on you, also, so you'd have to be OK with it.
100% agree. This is China's mess, not the U.S.'s. It's their neighbor who they supported and protected and shielded from accountability.  They need to stop it. They have MUCH more to lose in a conflict on the Korean peninsula or with Japan than the U.S. does.
It's been insanely great!

On Thursday, I started chatting with a guy on a dating app. My partner of over a decade and I haven't had much luck connecting with anyone, mostly because of hectic work schedules. This guy and I had instant chemistry. I'm in my thirties, a business professional, and a fairly down-to-earth, rational, and serious person. I found myself having a six hour phone conversation on Friday evening.

My partner suggested we meet, so I set up a date on Sunday. We all three met and the chemistry was very real between he and I. We're meeting again this week for a one-on-one, "for real" date. 

The partner thinks I'm cute as hell, crushing on this guy. Can't wait for a other awesome week!
I love your analogies!
Holy hell, this is the most satisfying, uplifting update I've ever read. I'm in tears for you guys. 

I hope you both have an insanely joyful life together and get your happily ever after.
This meme is in [Urdu](https://www.quora.com/Why-is-Urdu-written-from-right-to-left-It-seems-unusual-to-write-a-language-that-way-as-most-of-the-languages-are-written-from-left-to-right).
I think you meant 

:-l
What is there to process? Your wife physically and emotionally cheated on you, repeatedly. It sounds like you're being trickle truthed, too, because you keep having long talks about it and learning new info. What's worse is that this isn't just a quick sexual fling. She has feelings for this woman.

You need to lawyer up and get out.
If he's mad at you for telling someone you care about a truth that was going to hurt her, he was never a real friend. 
You're my favorite GTI focused YouTuber from Cali with a beard. Will you sign my cleavage?
Not asked to me, but I'll answer.

When I was kid (12-14), I had girlfriends and kissed girls. But it was never all that exciting. I'd rather be at sleepovers with my guy friends.

The first time I intimately kissed a guy, it was like electricity. The first time I had sex with a guy, it was one of the most exhilirating experiences of my life to that moment. I found out experimenting. Before I sealed the deal and tried it, I was just confused.
I've read all your comments. You need to open up to him. You're already in a romantic relationship with this guy and he loves you. He's waiting for you (or him) to figure out your (or his) sexuality. The girls talk is 100% to make you/him comfortable. He's probably bi or gay and not exactly interested in a real relationship with a woman, because he wants you. Whether he has come to terms with his sexuality could be the deal breaker, but you won't know until you ask.

It's pretty clear you're gay. You haven't accepted it yet. That's what you really need to be working on more than anything.

I'd just open up to him and tell him you think you might be gay, but aren't sure. Tell him you want to experiment and figure it out, but don't know how. If you need to be blunt, ask him if he's ever felt the same. Tell him you feel really safe with him and want to experiment with him because you trust him and know that your friendship can withstand anything.

If he says no and doesn't reciprocate, you will likely still have an amazing friendship.  If he says yes, you're going to have some great sex and find yourself 'with' him completely in no time.

Be aware that when the clothes come off, you might find yourself repulsed by the reality vs the fantasy. He could feel the same. You have to be ready for that and how it could change your friendship. 
You look like YouTuber whenzlunch....
The real problem here is communication, which you have already acknowledged. In my experience, when people suck at communicating, they don't know how to get better without guidance. You two need counseling.
Just follow the owner's manual. I've known a lot of mechanics and stealerships that are full of terrible advice. The car manufacturer spells out when to get what serviced. Sure, they will err on the side of caution, but a too-soon oil change doesn't hurt your wallet nearly as bad as a too-late oil change.
I love seeing people who love seeing people's days made days made by seeing other people's days made!
My GTI acceleration sounds like:

bbbbbrrrrrrrppppallmysingleladiesppptttt
Fix the car you have.
There's only about 400 neo Nazis in the largest organized group in the US. After the way they have been plastered all over the media, there's now probably 40,000. Way to go, media.
[Well then](https://giphy.com/gifs/cartoon-comic-smartphones-y62P0aQUYLYAg)
100% coincidence! I stopped at the mall to get a funnel cake on my way home. They were packed, but I saw an open spot next to a friend (another VW). As I pulled in, I saw the plate and couldn't believe it.
I love my ~~chocobo~~ GTI a ton. Fast, fuel effecient, versatile. It's great!
As the sheets of ice melt, ancient viruses are being uncovered that could potentially wipe out humanity. That's more terrifying to me than a Kaiju.
I love Québec! I'd trade my vanity plate for your amazing bagels any day!
White MKVII :)
I disagree. It's not like a driver's license number or social security number where financial or private information are attached. It's tied to the vehicle and always available to the public unless you park in an enclosed garage on private property. I can go walk out into a parking lot and see any person's plate I want, take pics, record a video, etc.

I know some posters hide their plates. This makes sense if you don't want someone to tie his/her vehicle to his/her account. But just a pic of a stranger's vanity plate? Not a big deal.
Are you looking at an MK7 GTI new? The MQB based cars are way outperforming older designs in reliability. Audi, which has largely  moved to the platform, has skyrocketed to one of the top three brands in Consumer Reports annual surveys. Most of their cars and SUVs use a version of the 2.0T found in the GTI. 

My GTI only has 12k miles, but I've had zero issues in that 12k. I've never owned a car that hasn't had a rattle, a rough start, a finnicky latch, a harsh sound or vibration, a light out, a low fluid from the factory/dealership, etc. This includes Toyotas, Subarus, Fords, and Volvos. My GTI hasn't had any of these.

New GTIs have service intervals of 10k miles under normal driving conditions, too, using full synthetic oil. I check my tires and fluids at the gas pump out of habit, but haven't had any oil burning or issues. I priced out my service to 100k miles and it's pretty standard stuff. There are great how to guides on YouTube. Most of it you can do yourself and parts are no more or less expensive than domestic makes.
He's so honourable that he pushed a little boy from a tower to his death and then laughed about it before going back to incest-fucking his sister. Super guy, the best.
As a gay man, I would prefer to take massive shits in front of the ladies. I don't care if they think my butthole is nasty or smell what comes out of it.

But the boys should always think it's rainbows and cupcakes down there.
Right back at you bud ahaha (no homo)
[Not too bad](https://www.vwpartscenter.net/auto-parts/2010/volkswagen/golf/base-trim/2-5l-l5-gas-engine/body-cat/interior-trim-rear-body-scat). $90-120, depending on the side. You can replace the trim on your own. It's pretty easy.
Looks like everything is normal to me.
[We sure do!](http://bagsareforgroceries.com/stickers/check-engine-light.html)
I own a GTI. It's my favorite car I've ever owned. 

Do you really need an CUV?
I've heard the rumors about poor reliability of Mexican-built cars, but there is no data to back that up. Cars from Germany and Mexico had similar issues.

I'd point out that reliability as a whole wasn't a part of VW's strategy for quite a while. When you're building a mass-market car to a certain price point, you have to choose where to invest your $$$. It's pretty obvious that that money went to driving characteristics, solving problems with complex engineering solutions, and interior initial quality, not longevity, high tolerances of components, and creating a cheaper street price. So for a long time we had cars that would disintegrate if they weren't meticulously maintained, but felt nicer than their price and drove great.

But I see that as having changed big time. The updated cars are proving to be extremely reliable. And you can see in cars like the American Jetta and Atlas where the cost cutting went, and it wasn't to reliability. In a lot of ways, VW sells quite a few models now that are "Corolla-fighters". They're cheap, kind of bland, with lots of space, economical, and reliable. This was Winterkorn's vision of how to get to become the world's largest automaker.


Everything that rides on the MQB platform has done really well in reliability. If there are issues, they're more gremlins than catastrophic meltdowns that leave you stranded.
This kid assaulted my eyes.
I heard the MK8 will be 700 hp have quattro all electric with 0-60 times under 1.2 seconds and be $5k cheaper fully loaded than base MKVII, what a time to be alive!
Fuck, that is glorious.
I put 40 hours into Stormblood the first day it was released.
I agree with you 100%, except the part about 11 hours solo. I mean, that's how he's going to develop the skills to not be considered a team-crushing noob and lose all chances of having friends. 

Really he should be practicing solo 11 hours a day so he can put in another 11 or 12 hours with his team.
I think there's a fallacy that we can't be  concerned about a number of things. Why do we have to rank them? Can't we say that climate change, the economy, North Korea, the rising cost and necessity of higher education, the unsustainability of our lifestyles, etc. are all important? Getting to work reliably is important to me. Why do I have to rank it?  It's just important. 

Also, why do these things have to be important to me for me not to empathise with those who call for action? Like, personally, I don't care about student loans, but I empathise with those who do and am OK pursuing options to fix their problem. I personally don't care about public transit, but I see how major cities with poor public transit cause challenges for others. Isn't it kind of selfish to focus only on what is important to me?

Surveys like the one posted, I feel, just try to stir up shit and segregate us further into us vs. them camps. Anytime someone says "Millennials" this or "Gen X" or "Baby Boomers" that, I just hear a convenient and publicly acceptable way to be ageist.
It should be illegal to have only Lala's on a gear preview for a role.
Balmung, 9002, then 2002. Logged in at 857 in que.
So...

What you're saying is you like your VW. Nice.
It's now "Increases target's damage taken by 5%"
The core mechanics of MCH feel ok. The numbers feel way off. I'm hoping a little tweaking by SE makes things better. Hopefully we don't have to wait until November for that to happen.
It's designed to prevent you from using an item outside of large settlements. This makes sure you use the item inside large settlements.

SOLVED.
You might think a plantain and a banana are different. They're not! Plantain is just a colloquial name given to bananas that are used in cooking. Also, plantains make up over 80% of the world's cultivated bananas and are a staple food for much of the world!
It sure is!
Although the popular Cavendish banana has very small seeds, wild bananas have HUGE seeds! It took hundreds of years of cultivating to get the banana how it is today. 
The banana flower is edible, too! The beautiful deep maroon flower can be found in some asian cuisine. You might think they'd taste like a banana, but they actually taste like a bitter dandelion!
Commercial bananas are triploid, which means they have three sets of three chromosomes! This means it is very difficult to breed bananas without noticeable seeds, which wouldn't perform well with consumers.
Yep! Most banana flavored candy was designed after the wonderful gros michel. 

The Honduran Agricultural Research Foundation has been leading the way to breeding disease resistant gros michel. Check them out:

http://www.promusa.org/Fundaci%C3%B3n+Hondure%C3%B1a+de+Investigaci%C3%B3n+Agr%C3%ADcola+-+FHIA
You're right! The colloquial names of bananas can be highly regional and sometimes misleading. You'll know a real big mike by it's large, rounded size, extremely soft mesocarp, and deep yellow color!
Try this! Buy yellow bananas and put them in a brown paper bag. Ethylene, a plant hormone that ripens fruits (and is also the source of ethanol, it's hydrate) will build up and cause your bananas to ripen faster. Oh, and a yellow banana isn't a ripe banana. Make sure you get some large, nickle sized dark-brown spots. That's how you know it's ready to eat!
Most banana species aren't yellow! In fact, you can find bananas of all different colors: green, red, orange, black, and even blue!
One of the closest relatives of the banana is ginger, which is also an herbaceous plant! 
Actually, there's something called the "Banana Equivalent Dose!" Bananas don't just have potassium, but a specific radioactive isotope, potassium-40. The Banana Equivalent Dose is how many bananas you'd need to eat to get deadly radiation poisoning. It's a lot!!
Not only that, but they are the tallest herbaceous plant in the world!
There are small scale farmers in California, Florida, and Hawaii. You can find one if you try!
There are almost a 1000 banana varieties, but all but two are unpalatable. That means conservation of the Cavendish is critical, because there is no replacement to it like there was with the gros michel!
Almost every example of a Cavendish cultivar is a perfect clone of one plant! This is what makes them so vulnerable to diseases, like the gros michel.
Who doesn't love bananas?!
The plants that bananas grow on don't have woody tissue, which means they're herbaceous plants. The fruit of the plant, though, has the qualities that make it technically a berry!
They're delicious! They taste like a sweet banana pudding or custard. They're not as firm and bitter as the Cavendish. I'd definitely try to find one and taste it!
The roots of the banana plant can be hundreds of years old, making it one of the longest lived cultivated plants in the world!
Yep! The banana, which is the fruit of the plant, has the three layers typically used to classify berries: endocarp, mesocarp, and exocarp! That makes the banana a berry!
Bananas don't actually grow on trees! They grow on a plant that is more closely related to herbs, because the banana plant doesn't have woody fibers.
Not extinct! You can still find gros michel, they're just not common. There's still an active effort to breed disease resistant gros michel, because they have superior benefits as a cultivar for transportation.

If you want more banana facts, just ask!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum
Now, you said that word "implication" a couple of times. What implication?
[The US elected its first gay president in 1856.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Buchanan#Personal_life)
I don't know if your response was rhetorical or not, but I will help you try to understand the opposing viewpoint.  

Politicians are against it because their constituents, both businesses and individuals, are against it.

Climate change requires you to either blindly trust the word of scientists or be able to read and understand the climate data for yourself. I'm going to say that a large majority of the world population falls into the former camp and not the latter. Personally, I think the scientific community is reputable and trust what they say.

Now imagine you work for a coal mine or oil company. Every day, there's a new cure for cancer in the news, even though you know people still dying of cancer, or a study about how almonds are good for you, but then they're bad, but then they're good, and back and forth. You have a vested interest in the success of polluting companies. 

You're a farmer who needs diesel equipment that pumps out soot. Then you hear "global warming" and think 'the earth gets hotter.' But your farm's harvest was ruined by chill and flooding. It doesn't feel or seem any warmer.

Now, you have politicians telling you climate change is bogus. Your own distrust of the media, self-interest in the success of these companies, or personal, anecdotal evidence makes it easy to toss it out as bogus.

I feel this is how most people get there. They're just not well educated on the evidence and are skeptical.
> she has a bit of a crush on him

Not appropriate. If he isn't distancing himself from someone who has a crush on him, he's emotionally cheating in my book.

> they text each other pretty much 24/7

So he knew 100% she would be there.

> he still hasn't said anything

Because he's in Vegas with his real girlfriend.

["Big bucks"](https://www.bls.gov/ooh/management/food-service-managers.htm) is apparently $24/hr nowadays. I didn't realize the 1% were doing so poorly.
Serious question: why do people think Ryan is evil? I haven't followed him enough to know anything he's done to warrant the label. 
Someone probably told you and you were too baked to notice.
Encino Man 2. I'm so excited.
He'll try to sign an executive order, get shut down, and then rage until Ivanka gives him his binky and puts him down for nap nap so she can get back to running the country.
"Bad."
What is this meme I don't know? Pls deliver.
I keep hearing people say the David reveal was a twist. It wasn't a twist at all. We all knew with almost 99% certainty that it wasn't Walter, it was David. That 1% was what made me feel anxious and have a sense of dread about the last 1/4 of the film.
I agree on the Batman origin. But I would say we need to know Spider Man's origins. 

I mean, he has an Aunt May, but where's his uncle? How did he get these powers? I hope it's fourty five minutes worth of build up in the next film.

/s
/r/totallynotrobots

there

[And for car commercials.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69os9jzKF14)
Imagine Alien but not scary or atmospheric or original.
Modern baseball (post-1903) was not organized throughout the rest of the world. So the United States Championship was called the World's Series colloquially. It was true - the entire world's organized, professional baseball played for this series.

It's not true anymore. Countries around the globe play modern baseball. But the name has still stuck and has recognition and brand power, so they're not going to change it.
Most politicians. 
I took an 8 month sabbatical once. I had all of my debts paid off, no mortgage, no responsibilities other than finding food and shelter. It was pretty ok.
One of my favorites, also. Madeline Kahn just owned Mrs. White. 

[**SPOILERS** Flames....flames....on the side of my face! **SPOILERS**](https://youtu.be/z8d8y4BLWtI)
St. Louis must have modeled ours off the Q line.
And in the mouth, given he has a [tooth in the middle of his face.](https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/inset-tom-landscape-3-x-2.jpg?w=750&strip=all)





Ok, which news media outlet are you in charge of?
/r/hailcorporate
Call of Duty: Anglo-Zanzibar War. They could let you play from both perspectives. It'd be the greatest hour and a half ever.
Actually three dates, but they all were cut short, so I treat it as one.

First one we had coffee. He threw up because he was sensitive to caffeine.

Second one we had dinner. He threw up because he was allergic to shellfish.

Third one was an amusement park. He threw up after a roller coaster.

I had to tell him I didn't want to see him again because he threw up too much.
This, so much. I'd be surprised if OP is calculating compensation with benefits. Most likely he's looking at take home.
But that carbon buildup, mmmmmmm....
Older cars are certainly not more durable or better than newer cars. [Here's some evidence.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPF4fBGNK0U)

There have been huge advancements in metallurgy and engineering tolerances over the past 30 to 40 years. Also, technologies like magnetic dampeners prevent things like potholes from eating car suspensions alive. Most cars older than 30 years would have to have the suspension completely rebuilt around 60k miles due to crapped out idler/pitman arms, tie rod ends, and ball joints.

Not to mention some garbage engineering just isn't used often anymore, like timing belts (mostly chains today, although not 100%), carburetors, drum brakes, etc. 
https://imgur.com/gallery/TojGU
I just don't understand the Switch. Nintendo should have recognized that the PS4 is the most powerful gaming device in the galaxy. Possibly the universe. I mean, it does 4k VR. A guy I knew bought an in video 1080 PC for $2000. Srsly, $2k for 1,080 when the PS4 is 4,000. That's almost three thousand more resolutions!  
It's always been great for me.
But Zelda 2022 would be pirate themed and be awesome. 
There are two Switches in my house. Both have over 80 hours played from Zelda. Neither have had any issues.
[Basically](http://i.imgur.com/k7v8jyEh.gif)
That's an extremely kind and thoughtful gesture. Your bouquet is perfect. I'd feel very welcomed if a new roomie did this for me.
I really hope the next Beetle is just a GTI or R with two door Beetle styling.
Nope. I had a great childhood. My parents are awesome. I have two undergrad degrees and am an avid reader, mostly non-fiction. 

I don't have to belittle others who disagree with me.
Because there's no such thing as god.
One of the biggest unanswered questions from Captain America: Civil War was, "we met Aunt May, but what happened to Peter Parker's uncle?"
Bought my car in January. Have 5,000 miles on it from commuting to work. I feel your pain.
Do you have a pic of the leather? It's top grain so it will get a patina. Mine is dyed red, so the patina isn't noticeable visibly, but you feel it. I bet other colors will be like more traditional leather.

Leather will stretch if you continuously apply pressure, sort of like how your skin stretches if you get fat. Pretty normal for real leather.

Maybe try a synthetic material next time, like vinyl. It will likely meet your needs better and last you longer.
No experience with that one.

I bought a Bellroy years ago. It gets abused daily. It looks brand new. 
I bought a '17 GTI SE for $27k. I've heard of people getting $5k off, but I tried five different dealerships and that was the best I got. $3k off seems pretty good.

My car is a daily so I could put a 2016 Mustang GT in the garage for the long winter/wet seasons. I gotta say, I'm shocked how much I love the car. There's so much thoughtfulness in the design, everything works and makes sense, and it feels incredibly solid. My sunroof rattles, but that's the only complaint I have and I knew it would do that before I bought it. A little gummy pflege and it stops rattling for a month. So it's just a maintenance thing. 

We'll see how reliable it is. I've wanted a GTI for years and always stayed away because of reliability data. I bit the bullet, because Japanese cars are soulless and the Focus ST has horrible, uncomfortable Recaros. 
iPhone sells less than Samsung Galaxies. Does that mean the iPhone is struggling? There's always a number one and a number two when their are two major competitors. Both can win.

MS has stated they're happy with how Xbox is performing. If it's meeting their expectations, it's not "struggling." 
I keep seeing people say this and I'm having a hard time understanding what it means. First off, it opens the door to the Theseus Ship paradox. If Bioware is studio made up of individuals, but you change all of the individuals, is it still Bioware? Or is there a thing that makes Bioware what they are that is more than the sum of it's parts? My opinion is that the vision and culture are more important to a studio than the individuals who comprise it. 
The whole point of a review is to present an opinion. The bias is that your opinion isn't motivated by support for the company selling the product. So an unbiased review of a Mustang would be you personally and professionally don't have a stake in the model or brand's success. That bias would prevent you from presenting your opinion candidly.

I'm shocked an auto journalist wouldn't​  understand this. I met some of the Car & Driver guys and they all spoke about this pretty openly, the ethics of selling adds by car manufacturers AND keeping your writers unbiased.
Am I the only one who feels Sony *could* emulate if they put their trillions of dollars into it, but it would compete with PS Now?
The new sauce is gross. They should have never changed.
I have some bad news. You're going to die. 

Maybe not of cancer, but I'm 100% sure that within 1 to 90 years, you're dead. I'd start making arrangements.

RIP, OP.
Exposed key cylinders freeze. You can auto window down with the fob. The battery in the fob is less than $3 and is easily user replaceable. It's very rare that someone would physically use the key in the cylinder over keyless entry.

Not to be rude, but your comments sound like an old person lamenting over the good ole days.

Oh, and the Outback is garbage. Check my history. I owned one for two years and dumped it for real issues, like failing transmissions, a hatch that wouldn't secure, and burning oil in a nocking engine. It was the biggest piece of shit I ever owned. 2015 MY and newer are complete garbage. CR took away their recommendation of it and it scores pretty miserably by most auto journalists. Be thankful you got a VW.
She's clearly not mature enough for a serious relationship. The total lack of empathy is going to make your life utter hell if you stick around.

When you say "no" and someone else keeps coming on to you, that's called rape. Do you really want to be with someone who doesn't respect your boundaries and who you can't trust? 

She's probably cheating or has cheated on you. People with a guilty conscience usually draw the conclusion that because they're cheating, their partner must be cheating, too.
[Going to top of all time pays off!](https://media4.giphy.com/media/ebT0PNaSgQs80/giphy.gif)
Consumer Reports uses two different criteria when evaluating cars. They use in-house reviewers and survey data. The final recommendations always weigh in the reviewer. 

For example, if you look at the MKVII Golf/GTI, it scores top marks in nearly every reliability score. However, the overall is lower than average. Why? Because the CR reviewer feels like it will probably have problems later on. Audi performs much the same. 

Another great example is the new generation Honda Civic. It gets an about  average overall, but is a dumpster fire if you look at the actual categories. Why? Well, because it used to was so good, so it still probably is.

CR reviewers of cars are just weird. They usually have differing opinions. Sometimes they're right, sometimes they're wrong. 

They don't like VW, generally.
A woman stands in front a sea of glass. Her hand clenches her purse and she deeply contemplates the decision she is to make. The anxiety swells. She takes a deep breath. Her fortitude grows. She turns around from the display case and starts making her way to the candle section. She feels righteous, knowing she's made the right decision. Her son won't be getting a Switch this Christmas. "Not until Nintendo loosens their restrictive YouTube policies", she says to herself.

Yeah, no.
He might have followed you home one night without you knowing.

Go to HR.
First, nothing you said is relevant to my response. He said, "While true, we wouldn't get the innovations that the Switch hardware brings like switching from TV to portability". I pointed out the tech was developed and existed without Nintendo.

2nd, if you don't think AOSP and Windows are open, you don't know what the word means.
Your entire response is a strawman.

You said, "While true, we wouldn't get the innovations that the Switch hardware brings like switching from TV to portability".

I pointed out it already existed.

I didn't say the shield was good.
That just [isn't true](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/shield/tablet/). In fact, a larger install base in a universal, open platform would encourage weird, fringe risks instead of discourage them.
You just described freemium, early access, and even some AAA releases right now.
Has it really changed?

There are still massive amounts of shovelware. Early access is basically full priced, paid demos. Games ship full of bugs, day 1 DLC, always-on requirements in single player games, no dedicated servers, etc.

The only difference I see is that consumers have more information available to make smart purchases. There's still a lot of crap.
You're right. I misread the Wikipedia article. I thought it said August of 2013.
Plagiarism isn't bullshit. It's very real.
There's lots of facts that seem contrary to sense. Saying something is right because it "makes sense" doesn't strengthen an argument or prove a fact. Science is skepticism. 

No one had produced evidence to show this person's claim is true.
I agree, it's not so black and white. There's some respectable journalism at Fox and some at CNN and some at BBC. The problem is

1. They're a business. Sensationalism and depravity sells. He who isn't first is last and taking sides and laughing at opponent's gets more eyeballs than balanced debate.

2. They have 24 hours, 7 days a week to fill. They're desperate for scandals, tragedies, war, corruption, etc. The longer it can be drawn out and the more horrible it is, the better.

3. Every news network is made up of people with agendas. No one is completely unbiased. As much as I'd love to say that the media universally is mostly made up of virtuous men and women living strongly by a code of ethics they wouldn't dare break...we all know that's bullshit.

I agree that the media is out of control. I also feel pretty strongly that ALL media outlets are biased. PewDiePie 's current situation is evidence of the hack "journalism" prancing about right now. I also feel that what Trump is doing is the wrong way to solve the problem.
At least it has dedicated servers.

/s
There were some other other big factors for FFXIV.

Square Enix was the developer and the publisher, so they didn't have to answer to investors who would want a quick return.

Final Fantasy is a well established IP. It was in the brand's best interest to have a strong re-release, which helps sell more Final Fantasy everything.

And other factors. But yeah, FFXIV will definitely be an exception.
They mean everyone should be able to get a free BA in a fine art. That will help prepare everyone to be functional citizens. No one is ready to be a citizen after a measly 12 years of school.
All this, and I'd add make eye contact while you shake hands. Don't stare at your hands. I'd encourage OP to smile while shaking hands also.
I voted for Hilary because she was the better of two evils. But I didn't for a moment think she was anything but evil.
No, there is no spare. I don't believe you have a spare tire currently, but I could be wrong. SE and Autobahn don't come with a spare. So this goes where a spare would have gone if it had one.

It sounds good. It's not a $700amp + $1000 sub combo, but it's clean and punchy. I'd take it over a $300 prebuilt, because the sound is good and you don't have to lose trunk space or deal with wiring.
[Try this out.](https://parts.vw.com/p/Volkswagen__/Spare-Tire-Mount-Subwoofer--Soundbox/53859989/000051419.html) It's exactly how the sub in the SE and Autobahn work. You also don't have to give up any space in your hatch.
The US manufactures tons of cars. Also, there's tons of cars manufactured by American companies in Canada, where labor is even more expensive. Cost of factory workers is not the only factor in where vehicles are manufactured, even if that narrative is pretty and easy to digest in a soundbyte.

Also, do you have proof Toyota pays the least? Good luck finding it. They have the highest paid front-line workers of nearly any auto manufacturer.
It's a nintendo
This bill makes no sense. Don't they know a woman's body had ways of shutting it down?

/s
Your loose skin is a trophy, not a scar. You should be proud of the amazing thing you accomplished and the hardships you've overcome to do it. No one worth your time will see your body as a problem. Don't fret it or feel you have to explain yourself. And don't be subconscious about it. This is really no different than dick size. She's either going to like you for you or not. You can't help it either way. You just gotta be proud of who you are.
Check out their current lineup's rating on Consumer Reports. The Outback is average or below average (can't remember which). The WRX gets the worst reliability rating possible. The Forester and Impreza/Crosstrek are OK. 

Your anecdote is like the anecdotes of others I've read. And that's what gave me confidence when I bought it. But it was junk. Lesson learned.
CableCard functionally does this. You can go, right now, and buy a TiVo and put a CableCard in it. Ta-da. You no longer are forced to use the set top box provided by the cable company. Do a quick Google search and you'll find other set top boxes that accept CableCard. Its a standard followed by all cable companies. So the choice already exists. The CableCard ensures you have the proper licenses to watch what you're watching. Like a SIM card for cell phones. No one flips shit that AT&T requires you to have a SIM card or sells cell phones. But we flip shit about cable companies requiring SIM cards and having boxes?

You know why no one chooses the "free market" option of a TiVo or a similar box? Because they're expensive as hell. Go price out TiVo. Cable companies, like cell phone companies, subsidize the shit out of these devices. That's why third party choices never took off. There's been plenty of them and they all died. Why? Because the free market won. The low cost option with the most features won.

Did you know you don't have to have the set top box? You can still screw the coax cable right into your TV set and watch TV. The set top box provides additional services, like on demand, that are HEAVILY regulated by the cable company, because they're heavily regulated by the content creators. It also provides a copyright protection method for HDTV. So it's not even mandatory, it's optional.

Then, you don't have to get cable at all. No one is forcing you to buy it. You don't need it to live. It's not like water or electricity. You can use OTA, get satellite, use FiOS, cord cut, whatever. Point is, it's not something a person absolutely must have.

My point is, there's a pretty acceptable argument that a free market would necessitate the government not intervening here. This is just Trump bashing in an echo chamber with no real discussion of the pro's and con's.

I'll leave it with this: you know who benefits from a universal standard the most? Huge corporations, specifically consumer electronics manufacturers. Right now, they have to bid to get their boxes bought by the cable companies. Sony, Panasonic, Samsung, etc. would love to cut into Motorola and Echostar's tiny market by selling these things. You think you'd be "sticking it to the cable company," but you're really just trading one devil for another.

This whole initiative was a waste of money funded by lobbyists who support the electronics giants, gussied up to look like a pro-consumer move.
I bought a 2015 MY Subaru Outback in the fall of 2014. The cult of Subaru lead me to believe it was the greatest thing on the planet. I can put over 30k miles on a car in a year because of work.

Fast forward a year and I'm at 35k miles. I've taken my car to the Subaru dealership for every oil change but one, every 5000 miles. My CvT is going out, the engine is knocking, I'm burning oil, my windows sound like they are going to implode in highway crosswind (which you can hear over the cacophony of rattles, surprisingly) and my rear hatch doesn't open or close properly. I take the car to my dealership, who loses my key, forgets to order parts, and tells me work was performed that wasn't. Dealership #2 shrugs and says, "it's normal to burn a quart of oil every thousand miles, have your windows sound like they're going to explode, and for your hatch not to close ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"

I traded it in February of 2016 for another Mustang.

That's one reason why people dump cars after such a short period of time.
It's like RE1 in first person. Lots of jump scares, lots of tension in the environment, limited ammo and health items, very linear and scripted.

If you like that, you'll love it.
Society can regress, but the data doesn't show we are. Crime rates are still near a 20 year low. Gay marriage is legal. And being gay is pretty much acceptable nearly everywhere now. 

There are still Republicans who support gay rights. It's not like they all disappeared. If I recall, didn't even Mitt Romney pass gay union rights legislation in Massachusetts?

Source: gay man living in the Midwest near the Bible belt.
That's supposed to be the intent, as I understand it. Unfortunately, he left off the country that orchestrated 9/11, Saudi Arabia.
California has 55 electoral votes and a population of 38 million. Missouri has 10 electoral votes and a population of 6 million. Those are ratios of .69 and .6 respectively, which is either really close or really far depending on which side of the issue you're on.

I don't think the electoral college is fair. I also think a purely equal popular vote for president would be disastrous. You're both right. The electoral college doesn't fairly represent states equally and the electoral college doesn't fairly represent individuals.
[Evidence has repeatedly indicated this is an ageist stereotype.](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/07/09/the-politics-of-american-generations-how-age-affects-attitudes-and-voting-behavior/)
It's because of the voting system. The intent of voting is that relevant conversation gets upvoted and irrelevant conversation gets downvoted. In reality, comments "I agree with" get upvoted and comments "I don't like" get downvoted. Add in moderators, and you create an echo chamber. reddit then becomes a lot of fun if you're liberal and hostile if you're conservative.

[It has nothing to do with age.](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/07/09/the-politics-of-american-generations-how-age-affects-attitudes-and-voting-behavior/) 
Well, count me in loving them. I usually read reviews after I watch films. I saw MoS and thought it'd be lavished in praise. I was shocked when I read the hate it got. Same for Watchmen. I didn't watch the first cut of BvS, but the extended cut is one of my favorite comic movies, especially when watched back to back with MoS.
Wow, this song is terrible.
Exactly! Everyone says the Wii U was objectively unsuccessful. Well, subjectively, I had more fun with my Wii U than with my PS4 in the same time frame. When I think of my most recent favorite games, they're all Wii U games.

If Nintendo releases even half as many great games, it will have been worth it to me.

Haters gonna hate.
If you listen to Galhotra, Lincoln knows exactly what it wants to be - ["quiet, effortless luxury".](http://www.businessinsider.com/lincoln-is-outperforming-the-luxury-auto-market-2017-1) He's been reciting this vision since he took over as EVP.

The problem is that Alan Mullaly had absolutely zero faith in Lincoln and [wanted to gut it](http://www.motorauthority.com/news/1093053_alan-mulally-suggested-killing-lincoln-as-recently-as-last-year-report). This has kept Lincoln from getting resources, like R&D funding, that they need to compete.

All of the criticisms leveled at Lincoln really stem from this one fact. No RWD platform? They have no money to invest in a billion dollar RWD platform. Recycled Fords? They have no money to invest in making something truly differentiated. It's always lack of funding due to Ford's non-committal attitude.

Fortunately, this is changing. Mark Fields [cares about Lincoln and wants it to succeed.](http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/ford-ceo-mark-fields-on-lincoln-concept-car-sales-and-future/) So now we're seeing new investment. It's going to take time, though, and I'm sure the board at Ford still remembers the recession that almost killed the industry not too long ago.
You asked if you *should*, so that's how I'm going to answer.

Don't buy a car.

**Especially** don't buy a $17k car.

If you absolutely must buy this car, pay all cash for the whole thing and make sure you leave three to six month's worth of income in the bank for emergencies.
ITT trucks and Toyotas
My vote is the Golf.
2013 Mustang GT or Camaro SS. You can find one in your price range.

Do you know anyone who owns a Z? Everyone I've known that's owned one has hated them. I know that's anecdotal, but [it's also one of the worst reviewed sports cars.](http://usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/cars-trucks/rankings/Affordable-Sports-Cars/) 

Genesis coupe is not reliable.
You absolutely did the right thing. I'd love to have a sister like you. If your aunt had uninvited an interracial couple, could you imagine the fit people would fit? This is really no different. She's marrying a bigot. Let her suffer - it's her choice.
First comment I saw was for a Focus ST. 

ctrl + F "ITT"

Here we are.
In Catholicism, the Bible is recognized as divinely inspired, but not literal. Some things, like Paul's letters, are obviously more trustworthy than something like Jonah in a whale.  

The creation myth is just that - a myth. There wasn't an Adam and Eve. It's a story that teaches us about ourselves, god, and the faith.

Edit - fixed the person in the whale
The S trim is still the base. The Sport trim adds the +10hp and LSD from the old performance pack. The SE adds leather, Fender, sunroof. Autobahn adds DCC and nav.

The Sport feels like the sweet spot, but the SE has bigger discounts. A Sport can be had around me for $24k and an SE for $26k.
What if they put it there to give you something to cut off...?
I got some Axis Sport rims (so I can easily clean out snow and ice) and Bridgestone Blizzak LM-32 tires. They make a world of difference in snow. Also, it means I can keep summer performance tires on instead of swapping to all seasons. Best of both worlds!
The Sentra.

No, wait. The Dart.
Thanks for the response!

I love the Clark plaid seats, so the Sport trim was what I was eyeing. I don't really care about the sunroof, but the Fender audio system has had me look at the SE. Just not sure which I prefer, the plaid seats or the audio system. 

I put almost 22k to 26k miles on my car per year. I travel a lot for work. My Mustang is already over 21k miles, bought it last February. Thr performance pack makes it a blast at the track and brutal on long commutes over crap roads. I want something I can own for four or five years and put 100k+ on and drive into the ground. 
How do you like your GTI?  I've been looking for a daily and have been considering one. I owned a Subaru. They're complete garbage. You're not missing out.
Nice
Kia Soul would be a great choice. They depreciate pretty quick, so you can get a nice one with low miles in your price range. It's big enough to hold all your weekend stuff. And it should last a while.

Also, I'd add the Golf or GTI to your list. Although maintenance is going to be higher than a Korean car.
If you're going to pick nits...

FCA is Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, a corporation colloquially called "Fiat."

Fiat Automobiles is a brand owned by FCA Italy SpA, a subsidiary of FCA. The brand identifies as "Fiat" and most consumers recognize them colloquially as "Fiat."

Fiat is both a brand and a corporation. The headline isn't misleading or wrong.
At first I chuckled, then I got sad for the Jeep owners.
[Because the *are* biased.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Choice-supportive_bias) It's the same reason tests are best performed [double-blind](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blinded_experiment#Double-blind_trials).

Unfortunately, most biases aren't consciously motivated. Although it may seem like being an owner of a product would lead to objectivity, studies show it just leads to stronger bias. It's the same reason why owners of cars throw out data and swear by their anecdotes. 
That engine is going into the Genesis G80. My guess is that this is Kia's rebadged/retooled G80. The pics make it look like it's the size of a 3 series, but I'm guessing it's a full-size sedan.
The problem is that the common issues aren't routine maintenance. Meaning if I diligently follow my owner's manual maintenance schedule, my GTI's water pump is still going to explode. And if it explodes, I'm stranded. Should people have to read up on their cars? If German cars existed in a vacuum where there wasn't Japanese and Korean competition, then sure. Everyone would know to read up on their cars and address common problems preventatively. That would probably be the expectation. But they *don't*. The bar is set that I follow my owner's manual, my car has no problems. 

In this way, they're inferior. This inferiority most people call "unreliable." You can amend *your* definition of reliability all you want, but it doesn't change that your definition is not aligned with most consumers because the cars are, in this way, inferior.

I still want a GTI lol
As long as we're stating unpopular opinions...

I find this excuse stupid. It's like saying, "they're not unreliable, you just have to fix more shit that breaks. But if you fix everything that breaks, they're VERY reliable - more reliable than any other brand!" 

I've toyed with buying a GTI as a daily for years. Every time I get close, I go to enthusiast forums and they're like, "omg, this car is so reliable! It will last you FOREVER! Just make sure you replace the water pump before it explodes, replace your exhaust system before it dies, immediately fix every CEL no matter what or it will be done forever, and replace your spark plugs every other day. Then you don't even know how great and reliable it will be."

Because they don't mean maintenance as in oil changes, they mean maintenance as in researching everything that commonly blows up and fixing it before it blows up. You don't have to do that with other cars.
Hyundai is great about honoring their warranties. Dealership might be shady.

Or she could be out of warranty. If she bought it used, the entire warranty doesn't transfer.

She also might have abused the car by not performing routine maintenance.

Or it could be out of warranty because a 2012 may have been purchased in 2011, and since it's 2017, it might have expired in 2016.

Not enough detail here to tell, though.
The Mazda 3 and Civic have more precise steering, a firmer suspension, and better overall driving dynamics. This makes the cars more engaging to drive. Both have a great reputation for reliability, also.

The Corolla is very comfortable, simple to use, and reliable; it's a driving appliance. If dynamics aren't your thing and you need something to get you from point A to point B for ten years with minimal fuss, the Corolla is your ticket. It's the perfect car if you don't care about cars.
It's pretty unremarkable in every way. If you enjoy driving, there's the Mazda 3 and Civic. If you don't and want a reliable, smooth driving appliance, there's the Corolla and Elantra.

The only reason to buy a Cruze is if you absolutely must drive a Chevy.
Mitsubishi of America ran the worst promotion in the universe - $0 down, 0% interest, 0 payments for one year. They didn't change their financing strategy, either, and gave cars to people who had no business financing. When it came time to make payments, people couldn't make them, let their vehicles get repo'ed, and Mits ate an entire year of depreciation. Many of these cars weren't well taken care of. This hurt them really bad and they never recovered.
If I had to get a minivan, I'd get a Flex and the Edge Sport is one of the few CUVs I'd ever actually consider buying.  IMO, two of Ford's better products. 
It used to look like a Corolla. Now it looks like an angry Corolla.
I need this
Rav4s are pretty sweet, tbh.
You listed off a bunch of great, reliable cars. The Mazdas will be most fun to drive (though not the fastest). The Camry will give you the most interior space and largest trunk. I'd test drive them and see what you like best. I'd out any one of them in my garage.
What you are using it for really will make the decision here between the 4Runner and the Pilot. If you need to off-road more than a gravel back road, go 4Runner. If it's staying on pavement, go Pilot. Stay away from the Pilot with the 10 speed auto. They had tons of problems.

The Pathfinder is garbage. Avoid like the plague.
The Soul is one of the most reliable cars on the road. The warranty is just a bonus.
"People you know in real life" =/= [average consumer](http://finance.yahoo.com/news/hyundai-motor-america-reports-seventh-184800047.html)
[Chrysler Pacifica] (https://www.carsbase.com/photo/Chrysler-Pacifica_mp16_pic_2659.jpg), [Chrysler Pacifica](http://images.hgmsites.net/hug/2017-chrysler-pacifica_100541922_h.jpg)
Hopefully the GT adds new features, like being fully autonomous. That way you can send the car to track day from your smartphone and never have to leave the house.

/s
4.8 is still 5.0 if you round up. Right?


Right?
Kia and Hyundai are trying to get into the luxury market the same way they got into the mainstream market. I don't think most people perceive Kia and Hyundai as cheap alternative brands anymore; it's not unreasonable for an average consumer to see an Elantra as a viable head-on competitor to a Civic. 

It seems like the strategy is to offer slightly inferior products that present tremendous bang-for-the-buck. They'll get some sales under their belt, earn a reputation for not being complete shit, and then grow the business from there. My concern is that whereas this strategy works in mainstream consumer products, the luxury market is all about brand panache and image. Owning the vehicle with a reputation for being the cheap alternative isn't going to work in the luxury world. Of course, they have bean counters who I'm sure know better than I do.
I bought a MY 2015 Outback based on the glowing recommendations of the cult of Subaru here and elsewhere on the internet. What they don't tell you is that NVH is absolutely awful, the boxer engines are prone to burning oil, and the CVT is garbage. I dumped mine right at 35k miles. Every window rattled, the wind noise was unbearably loud (I had a co-worker even comment my windows were "broken"), the hatch was loose and made noise over even slight bumps, seat belt anchors were like loud drums, etc. I had to fill it with oil at every gas fillup. The CVT was clearly dying right at the end of my warranty.

I wouldn't recommend one. There's a reason auto journalists usually put them near the middle to bottom of their lists.
See a therapist. That all is bigger than reddit. As for the internet, cut it off.
Peugeot is really good at everything it tries to do.

It tried to make fantastic cars, and it was great at it. Then, they decided to make boring, unremarkable cars. They're great at that, too.
Spider-Man is a comic. Puppet Master is a comic.

PUP confirmed.
Mr brother died of heroin. I'd give anything in the world to have him back. When I had him living with me, I had him follow rules because I loved him and I wanted to protect him. I was never ashamed of him, who he was, or what he had done. 

Your life is important and you matter. Please get professional help.
Read your owner's manual. Everything you need to do (and not do) is in there. 

Stay away from automatic car washes. Use the two bucket method with a good microfiber mitten. Dry with a microfiber cloth. Wash and dry in straight, back and forth lines, not circles.

Take a minute to check out your car when you get gas. Tires look OK? Oil, coolant, windshield fluid full? Anything other than condensation dripping?
Your posting history says 41, but now you say 39. So which is it?

EPA says 35. 
Sorry, you're wrong. [EPA says 35mpg for auto, 34mpg for manual.](http://www.fueleconomy.gov/feg/PowerSearch.do?action=noform&path=1&year1=2017&year2=2017&make=Mazda&model=6&srchtyp=ymm). Car & Driver claims it gets 38mpg, but they're wrong. I'm guessing you got your info from Google, which pulls from C&D.

We'll have to agree to disagree on the power. I've driven it. The powerplant sucks. HP numbers and 0-60 times don't tell the complete story at all. Whereas the Honda Accord Sport is smooth and fun and begs you to rev it hard, the Mazda 6 whines up the tachometer and dies in upper revs. It's like a dying cat. Even the idle sound is awful. 
Mazda's USA website says 35 highway.

Nearly every review knocks on the power. Have you driven one? They're slow and the 4cyl sounds harsh and raspy. The dynamics are great, the powerplant isn't.

The Avalon is 268hp from a much smoother V6 and 31mpg. Whether or not losing 4mpg is worth it is up to OP.

Edit:. This is exactly how I felt driving it.

http://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/2016/06/2016-mazda-6-still-loud-unrefined-slow-just-took-long-way-home/
The Mazda 6 does get the best MPG, at 35 highway. If OP is driving on straight highways, I'd stay away from the 6. It's underpowered and doesn't shine unless you're driving it on twisty roads. The Avalon will be smoother and more powerful on long stretches of highway, with a much more compliant ride. I'm also leery of Mazda's rust issues. They may have fixed them, but it's hard to tell as their new models are still new. The Avalon will be utterly bulletproof.
No kidding. A V8 Cummins Diesel is the bare minimum requirement for commuting to your office job on a smooth stretch of highway by yourself 60 miles both ways. I can't imagine trying to haul a rug from Home Goods with anything less.
It's strengths are that it is somewhat engaging/enjoyable to drive, its packaging is fantastic (loads of space inside), has great resale value, is very affordable new, and it has a solid reputation for reliability. For an inexpensive baby + gear and family hauler, you really can't beat it at that price.

The cons are that it is VERY noisy and harsh at highway speeds (around 90kph+), slow, and it's ugly.

Your priorities are your own. I don't find the Fit attractive either, but it does seem to practically fit your needs. If you're willing to sacrifice some of those, the Civic and Mazda 3 are also great choices for their own reasons.
Back roads?  Get a Mazda 6. You will have so much fun, it's ridiculous.

Civic and Corolla and Mazda 3 are all a size down from your Altima.
Honda Jazz would probably be perfect for you.
They're pretty reliable. Try starting it cold and getting on the accelerator. Some have had clunking from the transmission and difficulty accelerating. This is the easiest way to see if it's a problem. Inspect the maintenance. This could make the difference between a major headache and trouble free ownership. 
I'm not sure. 2016s aren't going to go up, but manufacturer incentives likely aren't to get better. 
At 100k miles, you really need to ensure maintenance was done properly and have it looked over by a good, trusted mechanic. Otherwise, go for it.
I'll try to help you as best as I can.

Any incentives offered by the manufacturer are separate from dealer pricing. Chargers sell all day at $3-$5k off MSRP **without** manufacturer incentives.

Right now, Dodge is offering 20% off MSRP on 2016 Chargers in most markets. So this would be 20% off sticker before dealer added garbage like pinstripes or paint protection. If your sticker is $31k, Dodge (well, FCA) is paying you $6,200 to buy the car. The dealership is reimbursed for this, so it's totally separate from their price. If you don't get it, the dealership pockets it.

You should get the manufacturer incentive ($6,200 off) plus a dealership discount ($3-$5k). The blacktop package doesn't matter. It doesn't make the car a unicorn or add value. They tell you this to sell you on paying a premium. They know you want it, so they use it as leverage in negotiations. Find one anywhere else in the country, tell them you're willing to drive anywhere to get it. Take that bargaining chip away from them.

On top of this, 2016 is old inventory. 2017s are either on the lot or on their way. So you're buying a year old car. That's the purpose of the Dodge rebate - they know that buying a 2016 basically buying a 1-year depreciated car. So they throw money to turn inventory and clear the lots for 2017s.

I wouldn't sign papers unless I got the Dodge rebates ($6200) plus $3-$5k off. They'll probably make you work for it. Right down your numbers on a piece of paper, give them to your salesperson, and tell him to call you when he and his sales manager get there.

Also, apply for financing at a bank. Only finance at the dealership if they beat your bank's APR.

And don't pay for shit like gas or any other BS fees. If they want your business, tell them they're going to buy you a tank of gas and if they argue, they're throwing in a gift card for lunch for wasting your time.
Usually it's not including the extras, just the final price of the car.

BTW, you shouldn't pay more than $27k for that Charger. $5k off a 2016's sticker should be easy to get.
I would have said that was true of the previous gen, but the newest gen Mustang and Camaro are closer to GTs and sports cars than muscle cars and pony cars. Or at the very least somewhere ambiguously in between.
My Mustang has two settings: the Arctic or the harnessed power of the sun.
Toyota Avalon. Smooth, powerful, good mpg, comfortable, dependable.
I primarily plan on a desktop, but I travel a lot. I got a "gaming laptop" to play on while I travel. I prioritized performance and price over everything else.

I wound up with an MSI GE62. It had the best discreet GPU I could find under $2k - an NVidia GTX970M. The screen is 1080p, which is fine. It averages around 60-90fps. SSD helps with load times, but not much else. It has an i7, which is probably overkill. I've seen FFXIV run fine on i5s.

Build quality is cheap, but it's durable. Unlike the all aluminum laptops, it's held up well to my abuse.
They have a good amount of space.

They ride smooth and easy like a car because they are not body on frame.

They ride tall, making driving alongside the sea of other crossovers, SUVs, and half ton pickups much less intimidating.

They are easier to get into and out of for some people.

Typically fuel efficient.

Lots of choices and competition, which makes them a good value.

Usually roomy with good visibility.

Able to carry tall or long (or both) items; lots of cargo space for trips or work or weekends, even if it is not the most possible space.

Doesn't have as prevalent of a soccer mom stigma as wagons or vans with the average consumer.

Lots of price points and configurations, from small to three row monsters.

Fits most people's needs.

Just because enthusiasts don't like them makes it hard to see all the benefits they provide to an average consumer? Best doesn't win. Good enough wins.
This is a very broad generalization and there are certainly exceptions:

Inline engines are typically raspy, not very smooth, and take up a lot of vertical engine bay space. You may notice more vibrations, noise, and harshness.

V configuration engines are typically smoother and take up less engine space. They can make some sweet sounding noise, but are usually more quiet.

Your car is unique because many 4 cylinders in mid sized sedans use turbos to generate more power. This makes power delivery not smooth, because it feels slow until the turbo kicks in (turbo lag). Part of your car's SkyActiv suite of technologies is that your car operates at a higher compression ratio, meaning it creates more power using less fuel. The lack of turbo whir and lag definitely makes your 4cyl feel smoother.

Glad you're enjoying it!
Cadillac sells so few units that they can't afford to invest. This thing will sell maybe 1-2% of the M3's global output. There just isn't profit in it. But because GM can't make it as good, it doesn't sell. They're caught in a catch 22.
When I was a kid, I had a poster of a Pontiac Grand Prix on my wall. No kid would ever dream of a Toyota Avalon.

I told my mom to buy a Toyota. She needs a reliable transportation appliance. I have a Mustang GT, because I have a soul and a pulse.

That sums up how I feel.
That's a great theory. Mine is magic and these are wizards.
I wonder if the CEO of Mitsubishi Motors America has a livery with Mirages.

That would suck.
What if they tell you Avengers are shit cars? 
Engine deteriorates too quickly. It starts burning oil, loses power, and fuel efficiency plummets.
The Equus is not a good car to buy used. It is almost impossible to work on. That means you're taking it to the dealership for just about everything. It has some common problems. I'd avoid it.
This guy, Bill, on the Windsor, Canada 5.0 assembly line has a grandma who once took a trip to Germany. Does that count?
I'd stay away from base, entry level luxury cars. You're buying all the problems (big initial depreciation, complexity, costly maintenance and repairs, expensive for what you get) and getting none of the benefits (not very luxurious, skimpy features, small, cramped).

If you don't mind used, go Lexus. You can pick up a 2014 GS350 for around $35k with not a lot of miles. A GS will be waaaaay nicer than a Mercedes CLA, Acura ILX, or Audi A3. Lexus has bullet-proof reliability. You sacrifice cutting edge tech and that wonderful German feel, but you're not going to get that from any of the new cars you mentioned, either.
The Yaris and Fit are the most reliable. The Fit has significantly better packaging, but much worse highway manners than the Yaris.

The Civic is a class up as a compact, not a subcompact. It'll be the best driving of the bunch.

You would really get another FCA product after your Dart? The Renegade is a bad idea.
Lawyer up, right now!

He can't kick you out of the house.

He can't take your money.

It doesn't matter who has a job and who doesn't. He has a responsibility to support his spouse and his children.

You need to get to a lawyer yesterday.
The Cruze isn't unreliable. It's about average. The Cruze's engine is pathetic, though. The hp numbers and 0-60 times just don't tell the whole picture. The transmission wants to keep the car in the lowest revs possible always to preserve high MPG. It's just not a fun experience.
It depends on the car. Your cost of depreciation on a brand new car would have to be less than the cost of maintenance on a six year car spread out over the same length of time. The only way I could see this being true is in a German or Italian luxury/sports car. Maybe also Cadillacs and Genesis? Highly improbable, though, for a Toyota or Honda.
The good news is that OP won't hear it for long. The cacophony of interior rattles and wind noise will soon drown out any sound the engine is making.
Consumer Reports says it is the 2nd least reliable car you can buy in the U.S. J.D. Powers rates it worse than average at 2 out of 5 stars. Transmissions are obviously an issue, but the car isn't free from other problems. There are quite a few known reported issues with the car.
This exactly. News is not a public service. It's a product. Your eyeballs are what they are selling. 
Camry is boring. Accord is boring.

Probably Mazda 6 or Ford Fusion Sport.
22k to 25k per year, depending on how many road trips I take.
Remember: your rubber is typically more important than your drivetrain. Some snow tires on a FWD car are going to outperform an Impreza on all-seasons. And nothing will get you traction on solid ice. AWD can help correct you, but so can traction control.

Mazda 3s in the past have had rust issues when driven on roads that stay salty. Not sure if that's been fixed or not.

You might like the Crosstrek if Subaru is your thing.
If you want new, I'd suggest:

Honda Civic
Mazda 3
Hyundai Elantra

All are good used, also.

The Impreza is lackluster unless you absolutely need AWD to clear snow, and then the ground clearance isn't great. It doesn't feel at all like a WRX. I'd suggest doing some test drives before you get committed. 
Half-Life 3 answers all of the cliffhangers at the end of HL2.
U.S. News aggregates reviews. I find it to be a good starting point.

Don't pay attention to the rankings. Look at the criteria that matters most to you.
If I wanted just a track car, it'd have been the Camaro. As a DD, the Camaro is out of the question.
Way too many variables to make a blanket statement.

Some Fords are top of their class in reliability. Some aren't. Most are pretty good all around. 

An Explorer or a Flex will last you a long time. A Toyota Sienna will likely be more reliable than both. But, as you mentioned, you won't enjoy driving it nearly as much.
RWD with winter tires > FWD with all seasons > RWD all seasons > AWD with summer tires


TL;Dr - Your rubber is more important than your drivetrain.

Mustangs are bulletproof. Probably one of the most reliable coupes you can buy.
The Fiesta won't be as reliable as the Mustang. The Mustang is likely one of the most reliable NA manufactured cars you can buy, particularly with the Coyote engine. That thing is virtually indestructible. I have one in my current Mustang (5.0) and one in my F150 (Triton). It's incredible.  Unfortunately, the Fiesta suffers in reliability overall. It's one of the worst domestic cars in reliability.

The seating position isn't for everyone. I have a 1 to 1.5 hour commute, 6'3" and 300lbs. I feel fine for long periods of time in mine. I also sit in it like my old driving instructor taught me, which I know isn't for everyone.  So your mileage may vary. The trunk is huge (look at the car's butt from the side, it's massive), so it fits my needs. The seats fold completely flat, which helps. I don't think the Fiesta hatchback really has all that much more functional space. Maybe a height advantage.

Lastly, anyone who says the Mustang is still a muscle or pony car and carries the poor handling stigmas hasn't driven the S550. I had a 2013 and my 2016 is world's better. Much closer to a sports car than a muscle car.

A lot of people are saying Camaro. It definitely drives and performs better than the Mustang. It's also an impossible daily driver. Visibility isn't bad. It's horrible. It's unsafe. I considered these two side by side for quite a while. Ultimately, the Camaro just isn't a reasonable car off the track. I imagine it's why sales are falling so hard. Really a shame given how nice it drives and performs.
What does USB-C do better for headphones than the standard headphone jack?  Honest question.
good POINT
Did you take the proof to a lawyer?
When I am idling, I want a V8 rumble.

Preferably not from my speakers.
The infotainment systems are not unreliable. He's pretty smart when it comes to cars, but a luddite with tech. Touch screens have been around for over two decades. The tech being put into cars is not cutting edge hardware. It's legacy tech that is perfected and virtually bulletproof. My Sync 3 system uses almost 6 year old chip designs. These aren't Snapdragon 821s. These are components from 2008 model year devices. The first Sync system used about $30 in components. They're also frictionless and rely on simple electrical components. Your screen is going to outlast your engine or transmission. It's the LEAST unreliable component of your car, including your seats.

Also, there aren't going to be huge improvements in touch screens that will make them dated. This tech is not advancing quickly. It's actually slowed considerably. This was one of the driving forces for manufacturers to use it. In six years, we haven't seen huge improvements in screen resolutions or CPU speeds. Most manufacturers have simple ways to provide updates. GUI designs might suck, but that's what happens when car manufacturers try their hand at software. Android Auto and Apple Carplay address this concern, anyway.

The other tech he describes, like proximity sensors (really?) have been in use reliably for decades. Retail stores were using an almost identical design to backup sensors in the 1970s to count foot traffic. 

All of his concerns boil down to "it's new! It must be expensive! SCARY!" Sure, you're adding more potential parts to fail. But that doesn't necessitate that the failure rate goes up. In fact, as people have mentioned, the failure rates are decreasing because manufacturing tolerances and processes are improving.
Toyota and Lexus are the only remaining brands that are consistently reliable. Consumer Reports has a great video on why. It basically boils down to being conservative.

-No radical redesigns
-No using unproven technology
-No superfluous tech or designs
-Slow, small, incremental upgrades

Honda blew a load of tech into some of their new models and now they're paying for it. Subaru did the same with the same result. Audis are pretty well rated now, but that's because their basic designs are ancient. Same with Buick. 

Everyone has anecdotes on car brands. I think most reputable data shows that it's Toyota and Lexus.
I've said the same thing about the Mazda 6 with the CX-9's engine.
Here's my speculation:

I've always seen Hondas as the car you buy when you care about driving dynamics, but also need something economical and reliable. Toyota has found a niche with people who want a comfortable, dependable transportation appliance. It makes sense to me that Honda owners would be proud of their miles and on online forums. A lot of Honda owners are car people. I rarely see a Corolla owner online bragging about mileage. This isn't because they aren't hitting the miles, but because the owners don't care or expect their appliance to just work.

My anecdote is the parking lot at my work. We have a guy who is a BMW fanatic. He is always telling us these amazing things about his late 90s BMW. Meanwhile, there's a guy who has driven a Corolla for almost twenty years. He's the most reliable human being I've ever met. He has only once talked about his car, and it was only that he drives a manual because they break less. If I treated my work like an online forum, then BMW would be the most reliable.

Anyway, that's my guess. 

I also think Hondas have a great history of reliability. 
My Mustangs and F150 have been utterly solid and dependable. I've seen Tauruses go through transmissions faster than I go through summer tires.
It looks like a Malibu and an A6 had a baby.
It has been? I've never thought of Honda as more reliable than Toyota. 
If you have less power than me, your car is slow.

If you have more power than me, your car is absurdly overpowered.
In fairness, the $400 Huawei is not directly competing with the $700 Pixel. You could buy a Huawei Honor 8 and then in 13 months get an Honor 9 for likely the same or close price of one Pixel XL. 

Reddit seems to forget caveat emptor. If they don't explicitly state they will support it to specific updates, then why assume it? If they promise it and go back on their word, then sure - grab the pitchforks.
This thing is ugly to me. I am not a fan of Honda's current design language.
All true. I made the assumption that someone taking out a loan for a car can afford it and isn't just living hand to mouth. Not to parrot /r/personalfinance, but if losing your job means potentially not affording your car, you've bought too much car. A person living that way would be better off paying cash for a high mileage used car and driving it into the ground. 

But I get your point. Well made and valid.
I'm surprised people pay extra payments. You're better off putting extra monies into a high-yield investment and earning interest. The extra payments come off the end of the loan, when interest is lowest. There's really little to no advantage other than paying it off a little sooner and saving a minimal amount of interest.

Unless you're paying it off significantly early. But in that case, why not finance shorter terms with a better rate? 
Because I'm not worshipping Gaben and Steam and saying the Windows store is a dumpster fire. This sub doesn't like differing opinions.
I'll go from most minor to most serious.

The window seals were horrible. Every window rattled and two leaked. That's supposedly how they're designed.

The small windows in the very front of the car sounded like they were going to explode if they got caught in any crosswind. On road trips, the wind noise from these windows was horrible. I never used a db meter, but every passenger I ever had commented on my "broken windows."

The hatch was busted from day one. It wouldn't latch properly without force and rattled. It had an electric latch, but it would only go down so far. I then had to get out and press it down. I had read about these being off from the factory, but my dealership said they couldn't do anything about it.

The engine was burning oil. About a litre every 3k. "Normal," said the dealership. 

The CVT was burning out at 30k miles. It fakes shift points to feel like an auto. It would hang and not engage, regardless of how much or little throttle I gave it.

I dumped it after a year and 35k miles. When it was clear no one would honor the warranty and that the dealership and Subaru were just waiting for me to hit 36k and be out of warranty, I was done. I'm sure my dealership was incompetent, but Subaru never once offered any help other than telling me to work with the dealership.
Why not another Grand Cherokee? They drive and perform great.

Honda Ridgeline might meet your needs. It's a truck/car hybrid, like a ute.

If you want a wagon, the A4 allroad is fantastic.

I had tons of problems with a 2015 Outback. I'd steer clear. They're pretty overrated and over hyped by a vocal fan base.
There's only 3,860 people playing CoD:IW on Steam right now. The Windows Store is not preferred by most PC players to Steam. It was inevitable that a shit game released on the far less popular digital distribution platform would be unpopular.

I agree with you 100℅. If anything, I thought it was great MS gave a refund. The handful of cross buy games I've purchased have been fine. The Windows Store certainly isn't as mature as Steam, but it's not a trainwreck like GFWL. I love that more developers are getting behind cross buy (I hope that's what Capcom means, but who knows). Maybe instead of shitting on MS, we should be asking Valve to step up and do the same.
I'm 6'3, 300lbs. I don't find the SHO comfortable at all. The seats are tight and there is a feeling of being cramped. It's just not a good design. 
Read OP's post. He talks about how much happier the bootup felt on iOS.
GREAT purchase.  IMO, the most exciting thing happening with Android is the rise of affordable "flagship killers." It's easy to compare an iPhone to a $700 GS7. It's a lot harder when you're comparing it to a $400 phone that performs just as well.  Then things like "the boot times just don't feel as friendly" seem ridiculous. 
Comparably equipped Silverado pushes $60k. Cowboy Cadillacs are expensive. Colorado can be picked up for well under $30k if you don't need automatic electronic pain sensing heated ankle massagers.
I saw a BMW i8 on the road, but it turned out to be a Chevy Sonic.
It's important to add that the volume required to remain competitive is constantly increasing. Smaller companies like Mazda won't be able to survive in the future without these kinds of arrangements. Either you grow your volume to afford the costs through economies of scale or partner with others and share the costs.
[Horse.](https://youtu.be/dLiyZqfSb8I)
Intel HD graphics 520.

It's going to struggle with FFXIV.
I'm not sure. I also don't understand why deployment is taking so long considering there are identical cars on lots with Sync 3 2.0 running. The absence of public information is annoying, too. Even a "we know you want it. We're working on it. We can't commit a date." is better than silence.
That's the joke.

https://youtu.be/xLFREsAZo8I
Ultra Blue Sonic Micah 2.0
Maybe the previous Gen Corvettes and Camaros. I was honestly shocked at how much improved GMs materials quality has become. At the last auto show, I thought I was in a BMW until a guy told me it was a Chevy.
A lot of people are saying he slept with her, but he might not have. 

How I see it, though, is that if you truly care for someone, you take care to protect their feelings and continually earn and build trust. One way you do this is by NOT putting yourself into compromising situations that could damage that trust. Regardless of what actually happened, he doesn't seem to care about doing that for you.
I bought some winter tires. It transforms it into an inclement weather beast.
More time costs money, reduces profits, and prevents new products from getting to market. I'm fairly sure they accept they're not going to compete on reliability and instead compete elsewhere. 
This makes me sad.
Love my manual. I bought one car without it - Subaru Outback. Instant regret. Never again. 
Accord coupe is a good choice. Have you ruled out a Mustang? You can get them cheap, the V8 gets around 21 to 25 mpg, and they're bullet proof. Also, they've got a surprising amount of interior room. I've owned two. 6'3 and commute about 70 miles one way or more. Zero problems, maintenance is cheap, cars are solid. Snow tires and it's a beast in winter, too.
"370Z inspired steering wheel...track inspired racing seats." That's the enhancements. It's nothing like your ST.
Make sure you set aside another $12k to take care of everything that breaks from the other owner's terrible maintenance habits.
Nintendo will get millions in free advertising during the busiest shopping season of the year. Everyone will know about the sold out Nintendo system, especially people like grandparents or clueless parents who are trying to find the hottest holiday gift. The people who snag one will brag about it to others and talk up how amazing it is. Websites will have long comment threads of people talking about how BS it is that Nintendo is out of stock and how they can't properly predict demand, and how terrible they are at business until they get their hands on one.

It's a great strategy. It's why Nintendo, Apple and others still use it.
"Guilty," lol. Because I did something wrong? Johnson is even farther from my spectrum. I read quite a bit on him and Stein. Hilary was closest to what I believe, so I voted for her. I'm not "guilty" of anything. What a terrible way to label someone. 
I was a Republican for a long time. Fiscally conservative, socially moderate (I don't care what you do behind your closed doors and you don't care what I do). A tiny bit isolationist, a tiny bit laissez faire. Don't Tread on Me, America is #1 kind of Republican.

The Republican party is ludicrous now. It's been hijacked by conservative Christians, racists, misogynists, and the 1%. They used to stand up for the middle to middle-upper class (and the wealthy, sure), small businesses and small government. Now, it's just a shitshow. The tea party came in and put all these junior idiots on ballots who influenced the party in the worst ways. Watching Romney go from a classy moderate to a flip-flopping party mouthpiece was just degrading. I watched the primaries and hated everyone on the podium.

What a sad state we're in. I didn't vote for Trump. 2nd time in my life I voted Democrat. I'm worried it won't get better.
It handles better, there's better communication of the road to the driver without being harsh, it has a better feeling of stability in corners, etc. Stuff that matters if you like to go to windy roads and have some fun driving.

Reliability goes to the Camry, hands down.
There are better buys than any of those. 

I'd get the Passat. I had a new Outback and dumped it after a year. It was garbage.
Want driving dynamics? Mazda 3.

Want comfort? Camry.

Want a good mix of both? Accord.

Don't buy the Prius. It's not a good buy.
I think some of the new Lexus lineup looks incredible. Th IS, GS, NX and RX particularly. The ES is still a snooze fest. 

Personally, I think Jaguar and Mercedes make the best looking luxury cars at the moment. BMW is super hit or miss. Audi are elegant and timeless, but way too conservative to be exciting. 
17k in 9 months. I average 25k per year usually, so I'm very well under.
Most sources rate the reliability of the Mazda CX-5 as worse than average. It's not of the same caliber as the cars. Someone would need to strongly prefer the driving experience, because the reliability difference is really unquestionably on the Toyota's favor.
Compared to a V6 Camry it's slow. 
I think the most realistic competitor would be Microsoft. They have a preexisting, positive relationship with carriers and manufacturers, have a functioning mobile OS that could compete if resources backed it, and are big enough to eat annual losses while it gets off the ground. I imagine Samsung gets conservative and risk averse after the Note 7 fiasco.
Your proof of sale and new title would be sufficient for most police if you were stopped. I'd suggest insuring it ASAP, though.
It varies by state. You need to look up the sales tax laws in Massachusetts. You're obligated to pay sales tax where would bought it. Sometimes, there's a special sales tax if you are not a state resident. This could be higher or lower, depending on the state.

Then, you take your paid sales tax and new title to your home state and register it. Depending on your state laws, you may wind up paying a higher fee to register it.
Mazda's red is my 2nd favorite red. First is the darker crimson offered by Ford. My first Mustang was in the color. My new one is black and I'm pretty unhappy with it. It's boring and shows dirt too quickly.

Lexus has my favorite paint. Black, white, and grey are OK. Their red, blue, and dark oranges are just incredible. They have a depth to them, like you could reach your hand into them.  Hyundai and Dodge have a great orange, also.
But there are dozens of us! Dozens!
The styling is very polarizing. I've taken my downvotes before for saying I like the look of the new Prius here. I like the design language of both Toyota and Lexus lately. I'm also not usually a fan of overstated styling. That said, I like the look the of the Prime, but am not looking forward to it. It's not a car that elicits passion in me at all or on my "must buy" list. It's a half-mesure. Where's there full electric offering?

Any idea when the new Supra comes out?
Volvo and Geely have openly stated they are moving to luxury class. They feel that's their "in" with China. The XC90 and S90 are good indications of where they want to be.
Such a great car. Then they went beak...
Considering how little changed between the Opel/Vauxhall/Holden sister cars, it probably netted sales to the platform l, making it more profitable. A big piece of data we're missing here is sales expectations. If GM expected to sell 800 units and sold over 1,000, that's a big win for year 1.
This is semantics. Whatever label you give them, they're not going after the same wallets, which is what really matters. Someone in a position to buy a BMW 5 series isn't cross shopping it to a LaCrosse. Similarly, someone shopping an Accord isn't likely a Regal buyer. There's a mid-market segment.

Most mid-market brands got the axe and were replaced by lower level luxury cars or higher trim mainstream cars. That doesn't mean the segment doesn't exist. It just means it typically isn't worth considering, because the sample size is too small.
Acura is such a mess. 
Mazda needs an AWD system in their sedans. I don't think FWD is a necessity in luxury (see Audi), but AWD certainly is. They also need more powerful engines. Their 4cyls are fine, but they need more oomph for luxury cred.

Interior materials quality and build quality are on point, though. 
Mazda is trying to push upmarket with almost every model.

Kia has a couple cars that are pushing upmarket.
Scion, imo, was a terrible idea from the start. Toyota has a great reputation. Why not just introduce driver-focused and youthful products to the Toyota lineup? There's a market for a new Celica, Supra, 86, etc. 
Thankfully, Ford Fmustang never caught on.
My priorities are shoes > bed > food > car > everything else. "Everything else" is contingent upon what car I want, not the other way around.

Come at me, /r/personalfinance
I've never not had a deal made the same day. Dragging it out wears you down and gives them more opportunities to find a higher priced buyer. You need to create urgency. Show up with pre-approved financing and the numbers you want.  Tell them they have one shot. Better yet, get email adds for a bunch of local stealership and email them all at once. State what you want, give them a deadline. Lowest price gets your business.

Don't count on a trade. The new car purchase is one deal. The selling of your car is another. You want the best price on both and that probably won't be from the same stealership.

Also, ask for a new salesperson. Who cares about mutual acquaintances - a sale is business. Fire your sales person and get a new one. This Nick guy sucks. You tolerated him too long. 

You're the consumer. You have the cash, so you have the power. 
Put about 10 hours in. One of two things always happens:

1. I spawn and die immediately

2. Something of epic magnitude occurs that I could never recreate again even if I wanted
He should be excited. The Cubs going to the World Series is a once in twenty lifetimes event.

Love,
Cards Fan
And Lincolns are just higher trims of Fords. Why pay for a nice Ford when you could buy brand panache?
The profit margins on new cars is eroding. Between expensive safety regulations, consumer price sensitivity, and credit lender risk aversion, makers are forced to rely on a huge volume to make a profit. It's why you see alliances (Subaru and Toyota), platform sharing (Fiat and Mazda), buyouts (Geely and Volvo), and brand retirement  (Pontiac, Mercury, Scion).

The little, small volume companies (Suzuki) can't compete. That is, unless they move upmarket. That's what Mazda and Volvo are trying to do to survive. The quantity of volume to stay profitable and solvent is increasing, too. FCA is abandoning the 200 and Dart because of this. 

We haven't even seen the Chinese penetrate the US market. That will be a brand bloodletting just like the recession was.
If I'm driving my car, then the cars and coffee crowd are in for a bad time...
It'd be a convertible SUV, too.
See the sidebar rules:

"Any posts pertaining to car buying suggestions or advice should go in the weekly sticky'd mega thread at the top of the page or else /r/WhatCarShouldIBuy"
"down voters can't handle the vape"

Fixed
The Mazda 3. I had read good reviews and recommendations about them. When I drove one for the first time, I couldn't believe how great it was. Top trims feel like Audis. You never want for more power. It handles like a sports sedan even despite being FWD. It's just great all around.
Final Fantasy XIV is amazing. It's got a great story and awesome dungeons and encounters. The community 6 is great, too. Today, I worked on my relic for a while. Next thing I knew, 7 hours had gone by.

You probably shouldn't get it.
I don't comment or post here often. I'm definitely passionate about Windows mobile in a negative way. I loved WP 7. I felt like MS was doing something better and different. 

WP 8.0/8.1 always felt like a slight step backwards. I wanted hubs and better integration and improvements over what worked, not just a move towards copying Android. They just needed to add features and apps, imo, and it would have been a home run for me.

W10 mobile just ruined it. Apps got worse, functionality disappeared. Everything that made WP7 so good was dead. I was done with Windows Mobile at that point. I still miss WP7 and what could have been.  When I think about Windows mobile, it's with a bit of disdain and pessimism.
The people citing tens of thousands of miles without problems are anecdotes that are contrary to data from Consumer Reports, Truedelta, JD Powers, etc. Tesla's are some of the least reliable cars on the road. Not least reliable in the "oh no, my touchscreen froze." Unreliable in the "oh look, I'm stranded on the side of the road" unreliable.

For an alternative anecdote, check out Car and Driver's long term tester. They don't recommend the car anymore because of all their problems.

I want electric to succeed. I want Tesla to succeed. Doesn't change the fact that they have major problems to solve in longevity.
Used FRS are plentiful and inexpensive. You could get the Acura as a daily for $8k and a used FRS for less than a new FRS.
The last one. The current one is terrible, the last one was best.

This comment is eternally true.
I know you mean XB1 and PS4, but it's worth pointing out that the Wii U hit 720p/60fps and 1080p/60fps on quite a few games. Maybe most.
The manual in the new Mustangs isn't very smooth. I find I have to shift in gear, wait a second, and then engage the clutch. Some people have suggested switching to a better tranny fluid, but I haven't tried that yet so can't attest to it. 
No kids, rarely haul more than two and computer parts, long daily commute with lots of twisties and straight aways. I love rumbly V8 muscle cars. I'm tall and big and needed something that could fit me.

Also, I like being able to see out of my car, which ruled out the Camaro.
And it will be a convertible.
"Saturn's sales are low."

"Could it be because we've turned them into rebadged Opels?"

"Maybe, let's axe them."

...five minutes later...

"We need a strategy to save Buick."

"Why not just rebadge Opels and sell them as Buicks?"

All the muscle cars, really. Chevy SS, Dodge Charger/Challenger, Chevy Camaro. They're all about the same price. 
I was 13. My family and I were at a pool. I was annoying my brother by bouncing on the diving board and not jumping off. He ran up, pushed me, and I slid just enough to have my head smack the board as it flicked upwards. It knocked me unconscious and I fell into the water.

I was unconscious underwater for about four minutes. I was was resuscitated and here I am. I have a pretty nasty scar from the whole thing. 
FWD = Mazda 6

RWD = Cadillac ATS, Lexus GS

That's if you don't want German.
Well, it's RE4. So you should buy it at least four times. That makes sense.

5 would be ridiculous though. 
You're shopping for a unicorn. Decide what is most important and compromise or go crazy not finding what you want. Convertibles are unpopular. There's not a lot of choice in that segment. Manuals aren't popular. There's not a lot of choice there.

As for a "forever car", any modern car can last a while. What matters is how attentive you will be to maintenance and if you're willing to do necessary repairs as soon as they are needed.
Mazda 6
Below average reliability and a bit outdated. I generally like Fords (own a mustang), but I'd stay away from this one unless there is something specific about it that meets your needs. It drives much bigger than it is, too, which makes it feel cumbersome. It's also pricey for what you get. A fully tricked out Explorer puts you close to luxury SUV pricing.

I'd look at the Pilot, Highlander, Santa Fe, or Sorrento. Maybe a Buick Enclave, too.
Gay guy here, drive a '16 Mustang GT. 
Fun to drive, great fuel economy, trending to show amazing reliability, high-quality interior materials, good amount of space.
The Pontiac Vibe was a Toyota Matrix which was a Corolla hatchback.

Toyota/Scion iM is the closest spiritual successor today.

I'd get a Mazda 3, though.
Your beliefs and their beliefs are incompatible. Plain and simple.

You can find someone who will stand up for you and your right to your own beliefs and respect you for having your own beliefs. Why stick around in this? 

Just walk away from this one.
Congrats! Nearly 14k miles on mine and still loving it. This car just loves to chew up highway miles!
I went from an Outback to a '16 GT with PP. Some Bridgestone Blizzaks and steel rims made it perform better than the Outback except in ground  clearance. Snow tires > AWD/4WD, imo
WRX's hold their value too well on the used market. $10k won't get you much. You'll get a really nice Mustang for $10k.
Oh, sorry. I saw ecoboost mentioned in the thread.
Transmissions are unreliable and clunky. Otherwise, they're ok.
Because that's if you keep the turbo from spooling. As soon as the turbo spools, your MPGs plummet and the car guzzles gas.

It's like that on every turbo engine, unfortunately. 
It's a courageous one.
I wouldn't trade a Prius for a Scion iA. Whether or not it is worth it is entirely up to you. 
If you really want the Scion, get it.
Lick it!
I agree it's hypocritical to close your eyes to it. I also think you can acknowledge and respect the animal, it's feelings and it's intelligence and also raise it for food. One of the unique parts of being human is recognizing how special every creature's life is and how they fit into the whole. The "circle of life", I guess.

We're omnivores. And some of our best companion animals are carnivores (dogs, cats, ferrets). Nature isn't a vegetarian paradise. It's natural for one species to eat another. We can have healthy, respectful farming practices that acknowledge the dignity of the animal. The solution isn't "stop eating meat." That's a solution, but not the only one.
That's why I have a bumper sticker of a spider. Thieves walk by my car and are like, "no way, man, his glove box is full of spiders."
It's no different than a company laying people off because they change business strategies. This is just higher profile.
You're going to leave this guy, find a job that will be flexible with your work/life integration, and raise two great kids who will reward you with a lifetime of love. This part of your life sucks, but it's going to get so much better!
You don't deserve the down votes. "Cool" is subjective. 
The iA is a subcompact. The Prius is a compact. You're getting into a much smaller car. They're both underpowered. The iA is really a Mazda 2 rebadged.

Your Prius has lost about $3k in depreciation. You'll probably be low-balled $4k off the $22k you paid if you go to trade in. Dealers love buyer's remorse. If you financed, there may also be an early payoff penalty. They're not common, but they can be in financing contracts that can cost you big $$$. Just take your time and get your ducks in a row before making a move.

Check out http://usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/cars-trucks/rankings/Affordable-Subcompact-Cars/

Take some time and look at compact cars, also. The price gap isn't that big. 
Styling is 100% subjective. I like that Toyota is taking risks, even if all of them aren't paying off. This sub generally hates Prius' and hates Toyota (unless it's a Supra or an FR-S), so you won't find much love here.

I find Toyota's new styling language a lot of fun. I also like Lexus' spindle grill. I know I'm of a minority. I'm usually not a fan of overdone styling, either. I very much dislike Nissan's swoopy looks and Hyundai's old style.

So there's my $.02. I think your car looks great. If you can live with the slow powertrain and mushy driving dynamics in favor of bullet proof reliability and great fuel efficiency, then I'd stick with what you got. Although if you do change, you won't eat much in the way of depreciarion, which is a plus. If you do, check out the Mazda 3 or Honda Civic instead of the Scion.
I just washed my black PP '16 GT today. I'd kill for your rims. They look so easy to clean.
https://imgur.com/gallery/lVjY4
Decisions like making power windows standard aren't done in a vacuum. There's quite a bit of research that goes into packaging vehicles. Also, consumer demand isn't the only consideration. The cost of retooling the factory or creating a window crank, for example. No other Toyota or Subaru currently offers a window crank, so Toyota would need to fabricate a design, outsource it to a manufacturer (or build it themselves), design a door panel that works with it, etc. All those costs add up. There's a lot of cost savings when you get into economies of scale. It's probably cheaper for Toyota to have everything be power and use one, mass-produced and mass-purchased power window design.

The bean counters have analyzed all this data and more and determined it isn't cost economical to offer a power window delete profitably.

Lastly, sports cars aren't considered "barebones" cars. Barebones = Nissan Versa, not FRS/BRZ.
/u/RaynorAnimalTrainer has a pet mini deer.
I went to a symphony. They were selling $50 plushies, $30 recordings, and $25 magazines relevant to the performance.

Movie theaters in my area offer "suite seats." You pay more for good seats and can buy overpriced food and drink from your seat.

This has been happening forever. If you have money, someone is trying to find a way to get it. Nothing is sacred in business.
Ok, then educate me on what you believe are consumer's rights so I can understand your point of view.
The actual, academically accepted definition of a slippery slope fallacy is too intellectually dishonest for you?
A slippery slope is defined by the argument, not the conclusion. His argument was "where can it go and what can we do." There may be an argument that has his same conclusion, but he didn't present. He presented an emotional appeal that lead to a slippery slope fallacious conclusion.

You can't quantify how many more or less "rights" we have as a consumer. I'd say we have the same, because you can choose to buy the product or not. That's the ultimate consumer's right. That you're unhappy with the product doesn't take away any of  your "rights."
So basically a slippery slope fallacy? We've had microtransactions long enough that if there was a horrendous outcome, we'd be there. I also feel we've seen the system is consumer regulated by the internet via social media (e.g. - reddit) and good old fashioned journalists looking for a controversy. When publishers push things to far, public and media backlash reels it in. That's why we haven't hit DLC apocalypse yet. 

I don't think the majority is behind this particular outrage. Deus Ex's DLC is optional and the game is primarily single player. It's not P2W, as you can earn Praxis by just playing the game. 
I agree. We really need to put down this Harambe thing.
I wouldnt regret getting a Colorado, then. They're great trucks. The Tacoma is pretty great, despite what some reviewers say. Especially if you're into customizing and off roading.
Ranger is coming back, likely with the Bronco following shortly after. Shouldn't be but in a couple more years.
Beyonce had her embarrasing picture completely removed from the internet just by asking, right?
So many times people have been looking for ways to impress advancements that are new to other people. These advancements promise great things that improve upon things that are not so great to begin with. Auto content robots which provide automatic content via robotics are a new idea that aims to bring new and great benefits to all people by providing content automatically by robot that is new. Many people are already looking forward to the content provided automatically by robot from such automatic content robotic providers.
I think you accidentally posted a pic of a BMW.

(Can I have my commercial contract now, please?)
Mazda has really upped their styling game.
Get a lawyer. You'll have a new car in a flash.
Your analysis had more depth than No Man's Sky.
Prius. Excellent reliability, good amount of space, and a very comfortable ride.
I had a MY 2015 Outback 3.6R with a CVT. After 25k miles, it noticeably was wearing down. The smoothness was giving way to clunkier, slower "shifts". I found it lagging in hard acceleration a lot more. It didn't feel anywhere near as good as when I first bought it.

But that was the story of that car. It may have lasted a long time, but NVH and fit and finish were terrible. I got rid of it because my dealership told me burning oil, windows that sound like they would shatter at highway speeds under crosswinds, and a broken CVT were "normal".
It's slow and has awful NVH. It's really fun to drive around corners. It is not fun to cruise down a straight highway in. It's decently reliable.
Dave Sinclair in South County. Ask for J.R. Willet.
Sorry. It's in St. Louis, MO.
Bought a 2016 Mustang GT earlier this year. I knew exactly what I wanted and was waiting for a local dealer to get inventory for about three months.

So that happened in late January. It was cold and snowy. I called up the dealership in the AM on a weekday and spoke to a salesperson. I asked if the car was on sale. He said yes, and I told him I'd be up to check it out.

I pulled up and the car was out front. The salesperson was super friendly. I took it for a looong test drive (long term seat comfort is important, as I have a big commute). When we got back, I told him I wanted to work out a deal.

I shot him my price - $4k off MSRP, not talking about trade or down payment yet. He went to his manager, came back, said they'll take it. I was shocked. I told him I had a trade and showed him appraisals, the maintenance history, and local prices, then gave him my offer. They checked out my car and gave me the price I wanted (a high-ball offer...they posted my car for sale for only $1k more than they gave me). Then, I told them I had my own financing, but that I would be open to them finding something better. They checked around and got me a lower APR. All this happened while I drank (free) hot chocolate and watched TV from a couch and ate their free donuts.

So the next day, I get a call from my sales person. I'm thinking he's going to say thank you and to please give him a good online review and ask for referrals. Nope. He tells me there's a $1k rebate on my car I didn't get. They have a $1k check for me waiting at the dealership. I thought this was a scam or something. Drove out to the dealership, picked up a $1k check - in and out in less than a minute.

Hands-down the best car buying experience I've ever had. No gimmicks, no BS. I don't usually do referrals, but I've already referred this guy tons of business. Friends and family have had almost the exact same experience (albeit, they don't always get such a bonkers low price off MSRP). My understanding is that this Ford dealer is the biggest volume seller in my city and that volume sellers get better deals. Makes sense, I guess. Great experience and price for me, lots of sales for them.
Since 1682.
If the NX is a handheld/home console hybrid, Nintendo could have all of their 1st and 2nd party software development focused on one platform. That would be incredibly exciting, making a potentially enormous library in a short period of time. Instead of the quarterly trickle of games, we could see a pretty steady release of AAA software.

That has me hyped. I have other machines for CoD, Destiny, and Ubisoft's latest tragedy. I don't need another one. I'm perfectly happy with Nintendo releasing a machine that is great at playing (lots) of Nintendo games.
At 69,000 miles, the Corolla isn't even broken in yet.
You just described every truck on sale from 2010 to now.
No, they aren't as reliable as a Toyota. They are better than average, though. At 200k, you'd really need the opinion of a trusted mechanic on the car.
4runner, especially considering you specifically called out reliability. The Genesis is about average, the 4Runner is one of the most reliable SUVs you can buy.
I'm shocked how many people have bought into Tesla's consumer engagement marketing nonsense. Tesla/Elon DGAF about them anymore than HP, Coca-Cola, Apple, or BP. Their shareholders aren't bought in with millions of dollars because they want to fight their environmental crusade. They're a company and they want to make money. Just because they have a CEO who has charisma and spoon feeds them Simon Sinek's Golden Circle doesn't mean his company is out for the betterment of mankind. 
There's a clip that shows the "Suicide Squad" members in a trailer. You find out who the main villain is from that. It's consistent with the black good and subway scene, too, if you know this character's powers.

There's a clip that shows Joker's role. There's another that explains how/why he's in the film. All in the trailers.

A couple clips make it clear who is Waller's first head-exploding victim. Consistent with the comics. If you know what you're looking for.

Actually, there's a lot of spoilers in the trailers...
A smart move would be to not keep things behind a pay wall and just make them grindy. So you can still catch bugs for hours on end on the island and trade them for bells, or maybe you can just buy bells with real cash. Give players a choice. This would be a win/win, imo. If you're lazy and have the money to blow, you can. Or you can play the game for what you want.
210hp on the base. Performance package can raise it to 220hp. The GTI is also 3100 lbs to the FRS's 2800. So close enough power to weight ratio. The GTI at 210hp does not feel underpowered, imo.
I test drove one. I wanted to love it. I had totally hype it up in my head as a return to light weight, no-nonsense RWD sports cars. It just didn't live up. 200hp isn't the problem. It's the massive dead space where the power just doesn't happen. 

A GTI has 200hp, and you feel VROOM all the way from 2500 RPMs to the redline. The toyoburu twins feel dead from 2500 RPMs to some point higher up where you feel this quick push of power. But by then, it's time to shift. It kills the joy. It feels slow. 

I know they have their fans, but it's just my $.02. 
If you have to be educated on how to take off your cover, it's a shit design. 
If you need back seat room and easy ingress, check out the VW Passat or Toyota Avalon. 
My S6 slipped out of my pocket while I was sitting on a bean bag chair on the ground, hit padded carpet and got damaged.
Toyota Avalon
WC3 or the WOW xpac? WC3 would be unreal. So much emotion and character development...
I really enjoyed it, too. I was expecting Michael Bay terrible and it was actually entertaining. It had problems, but none that totally ruined the experience. I'm hoping there's a sequel. 
I'm sure they aren't being taken down because they're being monitored. Why ask Twitter to take down something we have 100% control over and knowledge of? Letting them think they are safe and secure and have privacy is a crazy powerful espionage weapon. If anything, things like this make them take fewer risks and be more safe and anonymous, which is bad for the good guys.
There have been huge advancements in manufacturing and manufacturing tolerances. Whereas you used to have a hand-tightened, I'll fitting bolt, you now have a machine attached, laser guided bolt with a fraction of a millimeter variance. The down size? A person can't recreate those levels of manufacturing achieved by precision machines. It's why you have more kits and less individual parts.

Alaos, this is not universally true and certainly not yet the norm. 
I feel the same way. It had interesting ideas, but just plain wasn't fun. I found most of the game play mechanics clunky. The first 20 minutes were like, "oh, cool!" Then the game was out of tricks and boring.
It's your money. Spend it how you want.

Is it better in the long run to just save the money? Probably. What do you want for your life more: the experience of owning the car or a safety nest?

Will you regret buying the car? Maybe. Do you see yourself getting enjoyment out of it three years from now, after the newness has worn off? 

If you're unsure, why not save for a year or two. Put $800 a month into a savings account. If you still want the car and the thought of blowing your savings on it doesn't bother you, then make the plunge. A bigger down payment will reduce the length you need to finance, meaning you'll spend less in interest. That's a win all the way around.
Mazda 2
I agree with everything you just said
I think you need to take Toyota out of the conversation, because it is generally always #1 in reliability, whereas Honda hasn't always been the best. This is especially true in long term NVH. It wasn't a part of the OP's original consideration, anyway.

Also, there is a lot more complexity to pricing than just "how reliable is it." Consumer perception is more important than facts in regards to growing top line sales. I don't see the consumer mindset acknowledging how reliable Hyubdai (and Kia) have become, nor are they aware of how far Acura/Honda have fallen. Your comments are pretty strong evidence for that, too.
Evidence is starting to build that Honda's reliability is falling. Hyundai's reliability has continued to improve. Based on most sources, I'd be fairly comfortable saying the Elantra is likely to be as reliable as the Civic. I go mostly off of truedelta.com, Consumer Reports, and JD Powers.
I love the AI. I didn't realize how tired I was of cover based games. The demons hunt you relentlessly. They don't hide or go get allies. If you stop for a fraction of a second, they'll all converge on you and you're dead. I don't think this would work with human based opponents, but it makes perfect sense in this game.
And Italians! It's like the small, cheap shitbox trifecta.
Vinyl
"Silky smooth 17-27 frames per second."
I got it. Fortunately, I wasn't far in. The game crashed to desktop without an error message before it happened.
"Some countries use metric and other countries went to the moon."
this kills the man
It's reliable and the Accord Sport is as close to a driver's car as you can get in this segment. Although evidence is showing that Honda's (and Acura's) reliability has been going down. Also, you're probably going to get a V6, which isn't as spirited or fun as the 4 cyl Sport. The V6 is kind of heavy and loses a lot of what makes the Accord Sport so fun.

Between a V6 Accord or Fusion, I'd go with the Fusion Sport. The twin turbo V6 going in the Fusion is awesome. It's going to be a beast.
Honda Fit
[They said they did.](http://www.extremetech.com/gaming/223914-xbox-chief-wants-to-build-a-fully-upgradeable-xbox-one)

“You’ll actually see us come out with new hardware capability during a generation allowing the same games to run backward and forward compatible because we have a Universal Windows Application running on top of the Universal Windows Platform that allows us to focus more and more on hardware innovation without invalidating the games that run on that platform.” - Phil Spencer


You're assuming it will have a "stellar launch lineup." The quote says "games," implying a holiday 2016 launch could have had NO games. For all we know, it will have Zelda and one other title. Actually, I don't see Zelda even confirmed as a launch title in any of the releases. So who knows what the launch lineup will actually be.
10000x
People are excited about the PS4.5 but upset about the NX. Welcome to the internet.
$300 on 15 games is a shared cost of $20 per game. I don't think that's too bad. 
It's got a polarizing control scheme. Some people love it, most don't. Reminds me a lot of VirtuaON or Skyward Sword in how people are responding.

Personally, the controls clicked fast and I'm enjoying it quite a bit. It certainly doesn't have much depth, though.
It's almost like celebrities are people and reddit is full of people, who all have opinions of other people.
I play FFXIV. I think there are a couple of things to remember. First, ARR was a rerelease. 1.0 was terrible. Second, ARR came out without PVP and a narrow scope of end game. For the first few months, "end game" was running Amdapor or Wanderer's and the three primal HM. Third, it launched with technical problems. There were people who couldn't complete Titan because the net code was bad for quite a few players.

FFXIV is certainly a great game, but it didn't launch meeting all the criteria.
I don't think it's because players don't want a grind. If a new MMO came out that had a solid story, polished gameplay, and was content rich from day one on a popular, existing IP, it would probably be "the next WOW". The problem is that no MMO has hit those criteria since WoW. Every time a AAA MMO launches, people flock to it in the millions, find all its problems, then quit and don't look back. Once those problems are fixed, the game has either changed models or is a ghost town.

Big publishers know that MMOs cost a fortune to develop and don't pull a big enough profit to make the risk worthwhile. Giving 5+ years of cash and resources on a gamble isn't smart, especially when they can rehash an annual release with near guaranteed sales.
ELINerdy.
What has me excited about the NX is the potential for Nintendo to stop focusing on two platforms and double down on one. If NX is a portable/home console combo, they can have all of their studios solely focused on supporting one system. This could really help them produce a great library without the need of 3rd parties. At this point, Nintendo has shown they can support their own hardware with limited 3rd party support.
Performance issues aside, it is fun, but not perfect. The story is great. At first, I thought it would be all cringe and camp, but it actually picks up fast and starts to feel like any AAA TV show. I also thought the "TV" segments would be dumb, but they're awesome. The gameplay gets super dull and the controls are meh. The story drives it forward. I probably wouldn't buy DLC unless it came with more TV episodes.

So the most fun part of the game is watching TV.
Oh, and Megan Kelly is a whore cunt. I love her, but she's a total slut bitch. I mean that in the most respectful way.
Saturn was so much more depressing. They were given quite a bit of autonomy to try and break from the problems of GM and compete against the Japanese. Then,  GM management started disliking their autonomy, intervened, and forced them to start selling rebaged Opels.
Yep
Obama smoked cigarettes and we made him president. Do you really think it's not possible for someone to have personal flaws and not be a good at their job?

Come on. I think Christie would be a bad president because I don't agree with him, but I don't think his weight is a reflection of his job performance at all. His results are a reflection of his job performance.
I didn't compare it to cancer. It is an addiction, which is a mental illness. There's lots of evidence that food addiction is real and dangerous. Go educate yourself.
It's sad how the media and political machine have succeeded in making people feel justified in personally attacking and hating other people because they are politicians and say something we disagree with. This shit is all over Facebook, reddit, Twitter, the news channels - everywhere.

Someone can have some pretty stupid or dangerous views and actually be a decent person. Most people don't pull their convictions out of a hat. They are deeply rooted in experiences. Also, what is a "bad" or dangerous view to you may not be to someone else. You know, because opinions.

Saying Christie has said some bad things so we're OK to make fun of his weight is stupid. That makes someone as bad as any other bully. And isn't obesity an illness? Since when is it ever ok to attack someone for a medical disease?
So are you wanting a car who's final point of assembly was the US, was designed in the US, has mostly domestic content or all/some of the above?

Used Camaros are built in Canada. Chargers are built in Canada, also, and still share quite a bit of engineering by Mercedes.

The Focus is a world car designed in Germany and with less than 50% domestic content.

The two most "American" cars are the CTS-V and Mustang. Designed in America and built in America, although both have a lot of foreign sourced parts.
Kia Soul and Ford Fiesta are both good choices. The Kia will be more reliable than the Ford. CPO Kia will come with a great warranty. The Fiesta is more fun to drive.

If you're buying used, can you plus up a size? Mazda 3, Civic, Focus, etc are way more car for the money.
Isn't this true of every extremist? SJWs and Trump fanatics are basically the same people.
In some states, it is illegal to record conversations between you and your boss unless both parties consent to the recording.
That kangaroo is going to have serious identity issues when it grows up.
It doesn't. It's light, nimble, and has communicative (if not just a little light) steering. It will understeer a bit at the limit, but most FWD cars will.
>Are you really suggesting that Honda Fit is a $500/mo lease?

Nope. I was saying that a lease of $500 could be a loan payment of $500/mo for an econobox.

Anyway, I was just trying to answer OP's question. If a vehicle is transportation and nothing more, then it is objectively better to buy an econobox vs. lease. This is especially true if someone "owns it until it explodes."
Since no one has directly answered your question...


Yes, there is truth to it. At the end of the lease, you own nothing. If your lease is $500/month for 3 years, you will have paid $18,000 for limited use of a car (there are mileage restrictions on leases, where you can't drive over a certain mileage limit). That's  $18k for virtually no return.

If you took $18k in cash and bought a Honda Fit, you could put as many miles on it as you wanted and in three years, you would have equity in the car, meaning you could sell it - you own it. According to KBB, $10k in equity.

That's why leases don't make financial sense. 
The Ghibli is a bad value. The steering is vague, the suspension is harsh, the NVH is shockingly poor, and it's missing features a luxury car in its price range has to have in 2016. This is on top of your observation about the shockingly cheap interior.

I'd stay away from a Ghibli. 
Italy had an active, growing racing scene in the 20's and 30's. This spurred a want for gentleman's sports cars. Ferrari, Abarth and others filled that need. These cars and drivers won a lot of races and so their companies became hugely succesful. 

This was all possible because Italy's car manufacturing was already huge by this time.
Mazda 3 sales suck. The Salamanca plant can produce 140k vehicles. Fiat already is r3-badging the Miata. I see FCA forming a partnership with Mazda just like they had with Mitsubishi Motors. Especially since GM made it clear they want nothing to do with an alliance.
I wanna Skype blackmail you like an animal.
I wish I could replay the first Mass Effect again for the first time.
Have you driven these cars? They both feel very different. If I needed a comfortable family sedan, I'd get a Fusion. If I wanted a fun car that I could toss around and drive like a lunatic from time to time, I'd get a WRX. I'd say both are great cars. Most gearheads are going to say WRX, just because it is FUN and the Fusion is...transportation.
The WRX is more fun, but the CVT is bad, it will be a rattle trap, and the interior materials are kind of cheap. The Fusion is more plush, but it won't have the same feeling of fun and will depreciate faster. Reliability has been pretty good for both.

These two cars are really very different. What are your priorities?
Thanks!
Honda Jazz is a great choice. Pick up a used one of the previous generation. It is more fun to drive, better on the highway, and will save you some $$s. 
I'd love to tell you the downsides of my MY 2015 Outback 3.6R.

-Every window started rattling at ~5k miles and has gotten progressively worse.

-My center dash has a loud, plastic-on-plastic rattle.

-My center storage latch rattles.

-My hatch sometimes doesn't open or doesn't close.

-When it does open, it sometimes gets stuck and I have to force it up.

-Passenger side seat squeaks VERY loudly.

-Hood is misaligned, so the plastic is jutting up. 

-Engine feels much weaker than it really is. I couldn't even imagine how awful it would feel with the 4cyl.

-I've followed my service manual to a T. I'm starting to burn a little oil (not enough to qualify for a repair) and it has a rough idle.

-All four tires have blown or leaked. The stock Bridgestones are utter garbage.

-Very rarely, the car doesn't start. I push the button and the lights flash and the steering wheel locks up. It's fun playing "guess how to unlock your car so it can start" game.

-CVT is awful. Slow, unresponsive, and desperately wants to downshift.

-Furious wind noise from my front windows. I mean, it is just absolutely awful.

Most of this the dealer says is "normal." I buy a new car about every two to three years. I put a lot of miles on them (34k on my Subaru) and practically live in my car. I got this one in August of '14 to replace a Mustang GT. Between my SO and I, we've had a Toyota Camry, Hyundai Veloster, and a Nissan Maxima. I've been least happy with the Subaru.

At first, I thought mine was just a dud. But go to dedicated forums and read about these problems. They are widespread and people just think they're normal. 

I'm sure I'll get downvoted for this comment, but that's been my experience. Writing this all out, I'm probably going to go trade it in for another Mustang today.

EDIT:  After writing this comment, I shut down my computer, sat in silence for ten seconds and left for the nearest Ford dealership. [And then I did this.](http://i.imgur.com/4h9lqRX.jpg)
Nope. Crosstrek has a cruddy interior and an anemic engine. I just had a $30k example as a loaner while my Outback was having rattles addressed and it was miserable to drive.

Honda CR-V, Hyundai Tuscon, Mazda CX-5, Ford Escape, Rav4.
Ok
The Genesis is a lot of car for the money. Even brand new you can pick one up well under invoice. Or buy a 2015 used with a V8.
I owned a Scion xA. It was the first new car I ever bought. I bought it in my early 20s because I needed something fuel efficient, cheap to repair, and would last 100's of thousands of miles. It fit the bill better than other cars at the time. The interior was cheap, noisy, and plasticky. It drove like shit. But I drove off the lot paying less than $9k  (they negotiated my used trade HARD...so much for "no haggle" lol) and it racked up over 175k miles before I got tired of it.

What I always thought bizarre is why it wasn't just called a Toyota. It seemed like all of this money was put into advertising it as something else, but really, that's what it was. Toyotas are great cars if you just want reliable, effortless transportation. Are they fun? Nope. Are they exciting? Nope. But why do they have to be? And for that matter, why can't Toyota have some fun, exciting cars in their lineup? I think it's great that the FR-S becomes a Toyota. In my opinion, it strengthens the brand, not hurts it.

I have very fond memories of my Scion, but because of its Toyota qualities. I didn't like the brand. The brand was silly and unnecessary.
I think this is true for most people. Except me. Because I buy the best stuff.

Right?
Track day, brah
Car ownership is often viewed as a status symbol in the U.S. Nearly every brand has stigmas and brand loyalty, especially for domestics, is common with the vocal minority. Most of this ties back to how the owner feels the car or brand makes him look.
The cover to my center storage compartment rattles when the engine hits 2500 RPMs. The A pillars cause howling wind noise and crosswinds sound like the windows are going to shatter. All windows emit a loud, rapping plastic-on-glass rattle over even minor bumps at all speeds. The passenger seat squeaks loudly if you shift your body weight slightly left or right, such as when turning. The rear hatch vibrates with a metal-on-metal sound over small bumps at moderate speeds. The plastic between the hood and the body is uneven, jutting out towards the driver's side. The fuel cap door is loose. 
There's no replacement for displacement.
'15 Outback 3.6R with over 34k miles. No oil burning. I could write a novel about the terrible NVH and build quality, though. And don't get me started on the stock tires.
If you sit 5 people regularly, pay attention to the rear middle seat. A lot of cars have a huge hump that makes seating 5 uncomfortable.

You may want to check out the Camry or Passat. I know those aren't favorites around here, but they fit your needs well.

If you don't mind going to a mini-ute, a Subaru Forrester or Mazda CX3 would do the job, also.
I went to the auto show today. I was 100% certain the car I was sitting in was my next car about twenty times.
And that brand is about to release a car with Mazda. Given how low Mazda's sales are and the lack of partnership with daddy warbucks Ford, is it crazy to think Fiat and Mazda wouldn't work together on future cars? Marchionne has been reaching out to other brands to co-develop. Shared development costs reduce expense and increase GMROI, both essential to producing more cash.
They don't have cash. They've never had cash. That wasn't because Fiat was poorly managed. It was because Chrysler was bankrupt. Fiat quite literally rescued Chrysler from going out of business by dumping loads of their own cash into them. You're looking at two small cars and missing that Fiat has successfully been launched in the U.S., Jeep has been completely revitalized, Dodge is now showing triple digit comps, and Rams are selling better than they have since the 90s, when Durangos were the rage and gas was super cheap.  

Because of products like the Fiat 500, 500x, Jeep Renegade, and Cherokee, they are producing more fuel efficient cars and paying less in CAFE. The Dodge Caliber sold fewer units in its first full three years on the market than the Dodge Dart. Both the Dart and the Chrysler 200 were based on aging platforms by Fiat to reduce development costs.

I keep reading people saying "make them more reliable" or "make them better," as if there is a magic bullet ready to do just that. The reality is, as /u/acog said above, these things cost money. Billions of dollars, in fact. They were going to have that money, but then China's economy took a shit, which was where nearly every automaker (not just Fiat) was basing future expansion, gas prices plummeted, and they got out spent in R&D in the mid-sized and small car segments. 

Marchionne's statement was pretty clear, too: the Dart nameplate and the 200 nameplate are getting axed *unless someone wants to co-produce a car.* There are lots of companies much worse off than FCA who could benefit from this, like Mazda. Also, FCA still has the Fiat line of cars that can easily produce a compact car and a mid sized car.

Finally, from a long-term viability perspective, the best long-term strategy is to produce cash today. When the economy or sales take a dump, your assets depreciate. You don't invest in depreciatiating assets when you could produce cash. By doubling down on what is working *really* well, FCA is going to produce the money they need to kick start the R&D for new, fresh, and better products.

So Marchionne rejuvenates three failing American brands with shit product portfolios, produces more shareholder wealth, reduces emissions, successfully introduces a new brand to the most competitive car market in the world, increases sales by double digits, and makes aggressive, nimble decisions on failing products to increase liquid cash.. and you want him fired?
The ATS is really cheap used. Sounds like it'd be one to look at. You could get a 2014 with 10k miles for about the same as the GTI.
Is that why sales are through the roof and income has grown every year far above the industry average since he took over?

Just because two cars fail doesn't mean they have a bad CEO. If you owned stock, you'd be in love with Marchionne. He's grown shareholder value.
https://media.giphy.com/media/3xz2BvrA9ypYHUMCGs/giphy.gif
"ISN'T THIS HOW NORMAL HUMANS ACT? I SAW THIS IN PORNOGRAPHIC FILMS. .........  HAHA." -Hilary, normal human person
Don't listen to the anecdotes. Some people will tell you they have owned fourteen VWs and they were all flawless to 700,000 miles. The reality is that most all VWs have problems. If you look  at any reputable reliability source,  VW is always relatively below industry standards. 

One thing to keep in mind is that from 2005 to 2012, the industry got significantly better. So VW has also gotten better, but just not better than their competition. Also, what someone considers "reliable" is subjective. Some people think a shop visit for gremlins every 5k to 10k miles is acceptable, while others are going to feel that one trip to reset their navigation screen in 100k miles is ludicrous. In my experience, VW owners are much more forgiving of their car's problems. Consumer Reports isn't just car people. It's everyone. A VW person may understand that you have to baby the car with maintenance. A car person (read: ex-Coralla driver) won't understand that and won't care.
 As for specific issues, you need to visit sources like truedelta.com or model-specific forums.
[Tattooed Man](http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/Tattooed_Man)
I think most of reddit will be a Christmas Atheist for the next 2 hours or so
"ONLY ON PS4!"
You confronted him directly and he lied about his relationship with her. You can't and shouldn't trust a word he says anymore. Lawyer up, save every communication, and get out of this relationship. You deserve better.
WHAT KIND OF 'MURICA DO WE LIVE IN WHERE DEVILS RUN OUR SKOOLS?!?!
I bought Too Human. I won't buy anything with Dyack's name on it ever again.
This would be the worst thing they could do. Ditching the XB1 early would lose a lot of the good faith they have remaining. The best thing MS could do is keep making the XB1 better, push money into the OS and 1st party exclusives, and do what Sony did with the PS3 to win over gamers in the long run.
I'm allergic to dogs and cats, so have had ferrets most of my life. What I find so amazing is the diversity in their personalities. I had a brother and sister pair, Tick and Tock, who had strikingly different personalities. Tick was always moving at 100 miles per hour. She didn't really enjoy being pet or held, but loved to play. She actually enjoyed playing with people more than the other ferrets. You had to be careful, though, because if you let her get to the top of your wrist, she would try to scruff it. Depending on your tolerance to pain, it could hurt.

Tock, however, was as lovable and cuddly as a dog. He would follow you around the house. He was always wanting to be pet and held. He always wanted to sleep on my pillow (he wasn't allowed, as I didn't want to crush him in my sleep, but that didn't stop him from trying!), in my lap, or on my shoulder. If I walked out of a room, he would rush to join me. He would get upset if I had to kennel him. He was like a hyper affectionate dog that had an attachment disorder! 

I've had all manner of personalities in between, too. They are really amazing animals. 
I feel the same way about meat.
What I've learned from these comments is that minimum wage is either an incrdible gift or the harbinger of social collapse.
I'm no scientist, but I'm going to say it feels really good.
*again*.
If they put an x86 cpu into a "Surface Phone" to where Continuum is a complete Windows desktop environment, they'll have a huge market overnight. 
It's what consoles should be. I don't find anything wrong with the concept of an affordable console that lets you easily play exclusive, fun games. It's when those consoles adopt anti-consumer practices (DLC at launch, pay to play online, releasing unfinished games, pre-ordering online downloads, etc.) and then pose as cutting edge PCs that I have a problem. I think that's really the spirit here and why most of pcmasterrace is OK with a Wii U.
If my wife dumped all the financial responsibility on my shoulders right as I started a new, stressful job and then dropped the bomb on me that she wanted to have a baby, when my life was already overwhelmingly stressful, I would celebrate coming home alone, too. 

Oh, and instead of looking at your own behavior, you go ahead and invade his privacy. I think the problem here is you, OP.
Mine doesn't so this. Sounds like you have a broken phone.
I like the look of W10. I like the animations of the core experience. I love the keyboard, the way Bluetooth functions (that is, it actually works all the time!). I like that I can have unskinned software on hardware with a removable battery, SD card, wireless charging, USB-C and a high end SOC with beefy RAM. I primarily use Microsoft services and like the way they integrate (e.g. - seeing missed calls on my desktop/Xbox, saving pages in Edge for view on mobile, etc.). I have a huge music library going back to the Zune days and I love the look and feel of Groove, especially the drop down and the way the information shows on my car from W10.

I haven't ever really found one phone OS to be objectively better than another. People just use what they enjoy.
I bought a 950XL after coming from a GS6 since launch. I haven't had problems with the OS being buggy, contrary to everyone who decries it as unfinished. The app gap is real, so I would inventory what apps you have to have before switching. Throw a Mozo leather case on your phone and it feels more premium than the iPhone 6S or GS6, Imo.
I can't believe Nick Cage has resorted to being a tour guide. He used to be in a new movie every other day.

Also, who is this guy he was showing around?
Your phone is bad. I don't have any issue with those on a 950XL.
Thanks for the detailed reply. I haven't encountered the problem with missing system features, other than an NFC payments system. I think your criticism can be summarised as there aren't as many apps.
Can you tell me of a specific usability issue with W10 mobile? Everyone says this. I just switched from a GS6 a week ago (Dec 11th) to a 950XL and haven't encountered a single issue. So I'm wondering what exactly I'm going to encounter that will make me feel like this is beta software. So far, no one can tell me anything specific. It must be really well known and obvious and terrible, because every reviewer and nearly every commenter keeps saying it. 
All of those fresh OS releases come with bugs that have sometimes made the phones nearly unusable, like your mobile radio staying on and draining your battery. Or you can use manufacturer skins that come with bugs on old OS releases that make the phone nearly unusable. Every OS has problems.

Can you tell me something specific that makes W10 not "mature?" Or of a bug that makes it unusable?
Nearly every reviewer has made comments like "W10 feels like a beta" or "W10 can't compete" or "W10 needed more time developing," buy no one says why. I come to this sub and see all these people with no flair parroting the same. I can't recall seeing one person state a specific as to why.

I haven't encountered a single issue in:

Edge, Messenger, Store, Office, People, Phone, Cortana, Groove, Alarms, Xbox, OneDrive, Maps, Duolingo, Netflix, Kindle, Amazon, MetroTube, Microsoft Health (Band 2), Twitch, Settings, and Weather. I use these every day. I've also never had problems with Bluetooth (every Android device I've ever owned has had Bluetooth issues) or WiFi. In fact, I find wifi sense almost obtrusive, because it grabs WiFi way too quick (e.g. - while at a stoplight in front of a Mcdonalds).

I've had very specific issues with:

Outlook - Certain emails with pictures don't load correctly.
Baconit - Can't edit comments. Sometimes comments from others and threads duplicate. It's also crashed.

And that's been my experience so far. In a week, I've only restarted once to install the update. I use a combination of a wireless charger and the included wall charger. 

So I'd love for someone to share with me these major issues.
I've been using a 950XL as my only device for a full week. I use my phone constantly. It is literally my pocket computer. From the moment I wake up to the moment I go to bed, I'm in my phone. I've read the reviews that have bashed the materials used and the creaks and the app gap. I buy those three, albeit the materials feel fine (on par with any other high end Nokia, but lighter and easier to hold), the creak is inaudible unless input the phone to my face, and W10 mobile has every app I need. So all that I agree with and am ok with those reviewer's stating so.

What I don't buy is the state of W10 mobile. After one full week, my device has never crashed. Apps work flawlessly. The core features are fantastic. There's nothing my GS6 did that this doesn't do. Sure, this is anecdotal. My SO's device had worked perfect, as well. Two for two. So either we are total anomalies or we're just missing all these game breaking bugs that we've somehow avoided 

I keep seeing people harp on how terrible W10 is on mobile, but no one states any concrete, objective issue that makes it so. So can anyone tell me what exactly I'm going to experience that is so awful?
"The Lumia 950XL, much to are dismay, is not an iPhone. 6/10" -The Verge
Thanks for the explanation! This makes the post make way more sense!
How about a challenging, epic quest line? Create a couple unique trials or hard dungeons to complete along the way that fits the story.
Or they didn't know what they were talking about. I find this way more probable based on my experiences with MS corporate.
I don't understand. I got a Lumia 950XL on Dec. 11th. I took the SIM out of my GS6 and put it in. I was instantly connected to at&t with LTE. No provisioning or setup required. Am I missing something?
I am so confused by this. If you lost a memory, how would you know? Because other people tell you? How do you know they are not lying to you? 
Would you rather not be able to meet demand or sit on inventory you'd have to write off at a steep discount? I think they're still feeling the sting of Surface RT and are risk averse to over productions.
Nothing like a seizure to kick start your morning!
Did this happen in a cottage? Because you were probably missing an important part.
Remedy hasn't let down yet. 
iOS and Android releases are plagued with problems when they first launch, then get improved over time. W10 is less than a month old if you count the launch of the 950 and 950XL as official release dates. Lollipop had issues for over six months after release, with some issues never fully resolved. iOS8 for about the same time. Head over to their subreddits and read the people saying they are switching to competing platforms because Google/Apple can't get their shit together. 

If you are an early adopter of tech today, you're getting a half-baked, unfinished product. Nearly EVERY device or software launch by a major company has been garbage for early adopters. From cell phones, to OSes, to video games, to apps, buggy, messy, and flawed is sadly the new norm. You aren't going to escape that leaving Windows.

That said, Windows is definitely in worse shape tight now than iOS and Android. I find the experience of Android hugely different based on the ROM. Skins almost always introduce more problems than they solve and Google doesn't seem to care about consistency and uniformity throughout their OS. iOS is fine, but it isn't free of it's own Usability issues, which I think became even more apparent with larger devices. Just my $.02
The Prius is the car for people who hate driving. It communicates none of the road to the driver, instead isolating them from the feel of the road. It is slow, failing to accelerate from 0-60 or 30-60 in any safe amount of time, meaning drivers have shit reaction times when things go bad on the road. Compounding this is the fact that it has terrible breaking power, so if you aren't 100% paying attention, you're going to slam into the person in front of you. The selling points are that it is green, lowers fuel consumption, and is reliable. None of those matter to someone who cares about driving. And people aren't good at things they don't care about. (I stole part of this, but I can't remember from whom)
I remember at the time no one wanted either a Sega CD or a 32X. They were expensive and neither had a must-have game. I was walking through the mall and saw the Saturn. I knew it was being released later in the year and so thought it was import or demo. I didn't even realize it was an official NA unit I could buy.
I don't remember. I went braindead a quarter of the way through the movie.
3% of the smartphone market is millions of users. This isn't counting W10 desktop computers that could run a universal app. There aren't many competing apps. If you release a game or app on W10, you're going to get downloads. If you're a dev, you'd be crazy not to port your app to W10.
Someone just coming into Lumia isn't going to be looking at a 900 at all. That device is no longer in production. They'll be looking at a 650 vs a 950. 
>...simply look at the features that the Wii U advertises...

You mean Tvii, the first media/television integration released of the current console generation?
For #2: The hang-up happens when your apps aren't updated and the phone begins downloading phone OS updates. If you download all apps first (save the Store update for last) and then wait for the device to fo the phone update (DON'T manually update the OS), it works. No clue why. I had to troubleshoot this on my SO's device and was able to fix and duplicate the problem. Op will need to reset phone go do this.
Mine just hit my doorstep. Anxious to see what I think....
Nope, I didnt. Good call out!
There is PLD specific gear (esoteric), but all other gear is shared between tanks.
You need to level Conjurer and Marauder to be a Paladin. Not to 50, but at least to 30ish for the cross class skills. 

The tank meta is weird right now. If you enjoy Paladin, you won't get turned down for groups. But Warriors and Dark Knights are slightly preferable, because they do slightly more damage. Still a totally usable job through all content.
40 hours to 50; 10 hours to 60. You could get your two sub jobs to 32 in less than 10 hours. So 60 hours of playtime to get to 60 with all your necessary skills.

30 minutes per night at 60 would get you esoteric capped weekly. Plus 30 minutes to 3 hours per week for your Void Ark piece. You'd be nearly full 210 in about 10 weeks.

That's pretty rough and I'm sure others will disagree. That's what it took me.
The 950 and 950XL have middle of the road battery life from great hardware. Windows 10 mobile wasn't ready for release and the devices are suffering because of it. 
A fresh water polyp???
There is a guy out there who will love to do to you the things you want and will make you feel like a million bucks.

You're not compatible. Find someone else.


I have personally used two Android phones in the past sixteen months as daily drivers: a Nexus 5 and a GS6. The Nexus 5 hasn't slowed down at all, doesn't crash, and works flawlessly. No custom ROM, stock Android. The GS6 has been awful. Dropping bluetooth, intermittent slowdown of apps, crashing apps. I took it back and swapped it under warranty for a brand new one. The new one has the same issue. I've slowly been deleting apps trying to make it perform consistently.

My SO got a GS6 the same time as me. He plays games and texts. His phone has been ok, but he sometimes has slowdown or apps crashing.

This is the problem with Android. Your 18 month experience isn't indicative of the fragmented experiences across all Android devices. 3rd party skins can still cause expensive devices to work like trash. It's totally plausible to run Android and have it work flawlessly and be silky smooth for months. It's also plausible to run Android and have it be the equivalent of Windows 2000 on a phone. It's a roll of the dice.

This doesn't excuse W10M being un-optimized and incomplete. I think at the moment only iOS offers a smooth experience consistently.
You need to partition and do a clean install. I haven't had a single issue you've described. 
Oh no, every card I own has been hacked.
They are profiting off every Wii U sold and every game sold. Pulling out now wouldn't be cutting their losses, it'd be cutting their profit.
Wag the Dog. Boring af.
Nope. If McDonald's had to increase front line wages to $15, their food would start to compete with more nutritious and better tasting alternatives. This would cause their sales to plummet, stores to close, and jobs to be lost.
November 7th, 2549.
I'll try to answer your question with some speculation. Between the launch of the Lumia 1020 and the Lumia 950, three major things happened:

1. MS bought Nokia's devices division. The actual purchase took a bit of time. It undoubtedly took some time for MS to get their vision of a devices road map across to this team. 

2. MS got a new CEO who changed MS's vision from a devices and services company to a services company. Since Nadella, MS has focused on bringing their services to everyone. Under Balmer, WP kept tight exclusivity on software and features. Now, MS wants people using their services, not necessarily their devices.

3. WP 8.1 moved to W10. This was a fairly large update to the OS. It makes sense that MS would want to put resources into this vs updating / improving 8.1.

These are some fairly substantial changes that ate into the development cycle and likely stunted 8.1 development. I could be wrong, but I think all three of these could plausibly answer your questions.
[Bunny Museum](http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/e84316bcda/the-bunny-museum-tv-ad-with-elijah-wood?_cc=__d___&_ccid=8cirt3.nxblnt)
The fact that it is Windows 10 and not entirely its own OS makes a huge difference, also. Instead of designing a new OS from scratch, they're tweaking an existing one. This makes it much easier and cost effective to keep it around.
You should get a 950/XL. I have a Galaxy S6 and the grass is not greener. Android is still a mess of inconsistency, broken features, and random slowdowns if you're not using a current year Nexus. Skins, especially Touchwiz, murder Android even today.

Everything you like about WP is in the new Lumias. The design is great if you care about practicality (removable battery, replaceable back plates, wireless charging, etc.). And "flagship" means what you want it to mean. This phone has the highest end specs you can get in a phone (any phone) sans 4k screen (but 500 +ppi is still great!).

No reason to wait. There's nothing wrong with the price. The phone is a perfect upgrade if you love WP.
I'm allergic to cats. I started looking into hypoallergenic cats a few years ago and learned some important things. What you are allergic to is a protein in the cat's saliva called Fel d 1. Some breeds (Devon Rex, Siberian) produce on average less of this protein than others. However, no breed is completely free of it. Also, how little the cat produces isn't a guarantee. One Siberian could produce as much as any other breed and another Siberian from the same litter could produce practically none. It is also hard to know until after the cat reaches maturity. You could get a kitten and slowly develop an allergic response. Finally, the cat's frequency of grooming and the intensity of your allergies are factors, also. 

There are studies going on that are showing the long term adverse health effects of constant exposure to allergens. I'd do your research before jumping the gun. You could wind up with a cat you have to give away or a miserable time dealing with allergies and its health effects.
Thanks for the advice and taking the time to respond!
I'm 33.
Great, thanks!
I think for most of those games you're hearing a vocal minority. Also, no matter how great something is, there will be someone that doesn't like it and feels the need to constantly interject his bias into every conversation. 
Play Warcraft 3 and the xpac, The Frozen Throne. Or watch its story on youtube 
Nice build, but I'd take 1080p and 144hz over 75 FPS and 4k, especially in twitch games. 
"Inside his body are magical space molecules that are really organisms and they whisper to him but not with sound but like with mystical energy that is made up of something we can measure but can't see or anything and then he uses it to be super powerful like way more powerful than anyone else because he is the chosen one from old that was prophesied to usher in an age of stuff but he really isn't it's really his son or maybe his mentor or daughter or something idk is it happy hour yet? Make sure you got all that." -George Lucas
....and they're not well homogenized, with a strong preference towards BRDs. 
Your husband feels $5 is more important than your happiness. $5 is worth disrupting your sleep and hurting your feelings.
I don't know if all this is factual and I didn't read it, but I gave you an upvote because wow.
4>1

That's why PS4 is outselling Xbox One. If Microsoft were smart, they would have called it Xbox 5.
I'd rather have both high resolution AND 60fps. That said, I'm really glad 343i made this choice. Having played some other console exclusives, like Bloodborne, 30fps or framerate drops are just inexcusible. If the potatoes can't handle the grafix, I'd rather have smoother gameplay than prettier visuals. So far, I haven't really noticed a drop in visual fidelity while playing and I certainly haven't noticed a drop in frames. It's a beautiful game, too. Definitely not as good as some recent PC releases, but still good enough.
and Producer.
Nope. The other Silent Hill games aren't as good. SH2 was the series high note.

Have you played Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem? That game is every bit as good as SH2, imo. It's a very different type of horror game. Not like SH2, but not like Resident Evil/Dead Space/Evil Within/etc.
Cool
I think it is totally unacceptable that humans make mistakes. If a person makes a mistake, they should be immediately fired. The less they earn, the worse they should be punished. Especially if the mistake is for something crucially important, like a video game. 

/s
I just bought an XB1 for MCC. I also bought a PS4 for Bloodborne. No regrats.
I don't know why you're getting downvoted. There's a pretty big difference between a reviewer disliking a game and a game being technically broken or hiding paywalls. Giving a company your cash for a product before you find out if the game is even in a playable state or complete is just inane. Reading through the comments, it's surprising how many people don't understand why so many are against pre-orders. 
If the data supported that net income would dramatically increase if people were paid in this way with no negative consequences, then wouldn't you think the highly educated and experienced people who run most of the country's restaurants would take notice and change their pay structure? If a person chooses to believe the "upper management are evil and greedy always" narrative, an increase in net income would mean a potential increase in their salaries. Companies don't want to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in advertising, operations, logistics, planning, human resources, etc. They do it because it adds to the bottom line. If higher pay models like this or Costco were truly better for the company, they'd happen instantly nation wide. Not because they were good for workers or consumers, but because they would improve profit.
I would love for Sega to make the type of games that made them awesome. Fun, arcade style games and crazy, weird style games. Their creativity is just gone.
It's like Apple fans will just blow money on miniscule, incremental improvements every year.
TIL raccoons are ferrets
Also keep in mind that an i7 has higher margin than an i3. To a consumer, you are adding greater cost, but to a vendor you are adding a small cost for much more profit.
What else would it say?
So like politicians and votes?
Metal Gear Rising. There is a parry mechanic you have to learn. Less than fifteen minutes into the game, you fight a mini-boss where you have to  repeatedly nail this skill that was vaguely taught a few moments before perfectly to continue.  It is so demanding and everything that came before was easy button mash. 
Those FMV games feel a little more honest to me. I remember Sony showing off all of these tech demos at trade shows that just blew your mind. Professional CGI animation level stuff. And they sold it as THIS was what playing a game on the PS2 was like. In reality, it was good, but pretty close to Dreamcast. And definitely nowhere near what they said it would be. They totally overhyped the consoles capabilities.
Sony hyped the Emotion Engine with FMV, not real gameplay. Basically the same thing that happens today. 
"...by killing the prime minister of malaysia!"
Computers bought from the Microsoft Store don't come with bloat, either.
How was it?
Let's make a millionaire!
No, the tall one is a human.
Neither of those scenarios are going to happen. Having to support multiple OSes on the market is incredibly burdensome to Microsoft and a financial liability. Also, the app store, Xbox Live, and Groove are built into 10, meaning they increase their likelihood of monetizing you.

10 is a freeway for MS to abandon older OSes faster and get people shelling out their credit cards for MS services. They want as many people on 10 as possible.
Which model? My 2015 Outback has this, but it doesn't go crazy red.
rip
"Brought to you by Bernie Sanders for 2016."
I've never had a horse or an aneurysm,  but I'm certain that's what happened because the horse's brain was eaten. Only a really tall bear or NBA athlete could have eaten the horse's brain, and I don't see any pots of honey or basketballs nearby.

Science.
I don't play anymore. I left because the population was broken. My favorite activity was PvP, and ques just wouldn't pop. I loved PvP servers, but it was dead.

I loved the combat, but your mileage may vary. It is hectic and fun, imo. The world was awesome, the aesthetic is great, and the overall tone was awesome. I liked the story, loved the music, housing was fantastic. Dungeons, ship missions, and raids are awesome. A good guild can really make or break your experience.
Thanks, Obama.
There is an awesome series on YouTube that cuts the games into movies. [Watch these.](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLae_AFHRR5HlGrWSz0sHebp8qgpRtfY6N) It's everything you'll need to be caught up for MGSV.

They're long, but well worth it, imo.


"It's ok." 9.6/10, GotY
Ground Zeros was one of the best PC ports in recent years. Also, bad ports like Batman are the exception, not the rule (unless you're Ubisoft, and then your games are broken anyway).
St. Louis, National Lampoon's Vacation. 
You deserve all the upvotes. It's such a mess, especially if you are trying to be rational and look out for our country's interests AND have a soul.
I used to shower only in the mornings. For a while, I had a job where I would get off work and had to immediately go to bed if I wanted to spend any time with my SO. One trick I found was to take a hot shower after work. When your body cools off, it helps you fall asleep. I think it is totally plausible that the BF just discovered taking showers at night.
It is obvious to Canadians that we are sorry for all this confusion. 
Same here on a Naga and Windows 10 upgrade from 8.1.
Also, a quick call to Microsoft support and they will just give him a new key. As long as he isn't a business and has had a retail copy of Windows in the past, they don't care.
He made a full recovery after doctor's moved all his insides back to the right place.
Well then how do you explain the "Welcome to Cleveland" sign that is in Milwaukee?
[alot.](http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2010/04/alot-is-better-than-you-at-everything.html)
It's not like an echo chamber, it is an echo chamber. I wouldn't be surprised if the large majority of reddit was one socioeconomic and age demographic. The voting system encourages like-minded people to contribute more and differing opinions to go away.
Is he going to be ok?
No they don't. They are dead.
> do you think Intel would have any interest in AMD's GPU fabs/technology if they were to die? 

This was the first comment.

> That would never be allowed to happen by the SEC.

This was the reply I was commenting on.

> I don't think this is far-fetched.

This means it is not unrealistic that the SEC would allow Intel to, in some way, acquire AMD or AMD's tech.

> Intel and AMD may be the only ones making desktop CPUs/GPUs, but there are other companies (Qualcomm. SAMSUNG) making processors.

This means that Intel would have a monopoly on DESKTOP CPUs/GPUs, but NOT processors. If Intel were to acquire AMD or AMD's tech in some way, the SEC may not consider this a monopoly and may allow this to happen because there are other competitors who are similar and could reasonably compete with Intel if they wanted to.

> I don't have any market analytics to go by, but if the desktop CPU/GPU market was shrinking or small enough or too difficult to compete in, I could see this happening with massive oversights in place.

In the past, monopolies or acquisitions have been allowed if the market is small enough or showing signs of dying. I don't know if this could be true in this case, though, because I don't have the data on the market. Sometimes laws get passed so these kinds of acquisitions can happen without too many bad side effects.
I didn't imply they would make desktop CPUs. Read my post. I said other companies make processors and if the desktop CPU/GPU market was considered small enough or too difficult to compete in, then it might not be unreasonable they would be allowed to merge. You're putting words in my mouth.
I said this.
I don't think this is far-fetched. Intel and AMD may be the only ones making desktop CPUs/GPUs, but there are other companies (Qualcomm. SAMSUNG) making processors. I don't have any market analytics to go by, but if the desktop CPU/GPU market was shrinking or small enough or too difficult to compete in, I could see this happening with massive oversights in place.
A Trojan horse combination to make this succeed would be a three way partnership between Nokia, Amazon, and Nintendo. Nokia is eyeing to get back into smartphones by way of Foxconn manufacturing and has a great track record with their own apps and hardware. Amazon also wants to get people locked into their ecosystem, particularly the Amazon app store, and has the ability to subsidize the hardware. And Nintendo needs to get into mobile, but would never give up near absolute control of their IPs. It'd be like an N-Gage with a usable Android skin, a huge library of awesome software for super cheap.
I feel seven hundred years old now. 
I'm totally confused who I should have sex with: Ninja Brian or Danny Sexbang. Please advise.
Thanks for looking out! Fixed!
Thanks! 
Unsubscribe
I hope MS releases a solid gaming platform/store alternative to Steam. This would help keep Valve in check and provide some healthy competition. I mean, I remember when Valve didn't try to sell mods, release half-finished games for $30, and had sales that were actually sales and not 20% off a price 20% higher than MSRP.
Cancel
Gays vote for Democrats. He had nothing to lose in not supporting gay marriage and lots of votes to take from moderates by saying he was against it. It just shows how shallow politicians can be.
There is a woman out there who wants only you. She is going to be loyal, will respect you, won't be looking for other options, and won't bring her baggage. You will never have to worry about past flings popping up and emotionally wrecking you.

Do you want her or this one? Dump this girl. She doesn't deserve you.
Nintendo makes money on console sales. Part of their business model is using older technology that is less expensive and easier to obtain. This allows them to immediately make a profit on consoles sold to retailers. The Wii U was the first console not immediately profitable, but that changed quickly after launch.

Nintendo does lose money on units that don't sell, but that's another discussion. Also, if Nintendo loses a % of profits on software because of hardware costs, will the gain in software units outweigh the loss in publishing costs to Sony/MS? That's a guess, but I highly doubt Nintendo hasn't mathed it out and determined it a bad way to go. There is a massive benefit to being the owner of the walled garden and having all of the rights to your ecosystem.
And the main story, right?! What has surprised me most about FF XIV has been the quality of the main story, especially after "recent events." 
My Galaxy S6's battery is great. According to GSMArena, it's larger and has more talk time than the 930. The Exynos' rapid charging gets me from 10% to 90% in less than 30 minutes usually, also, which means I spend less time charging. Also, the GS6 has probably the best camera of any phone on the market. Not to mention all of the apps that are available to add features to the camera and support sharing/storing photos that don't exist on WP.

The lack of apps is a real problem. Every time WP falls behind (and it is WAY behind at this point) the WP white knights fall back to some other argument. At this point, the fact that battery life and "smashing" your phone against another phone is your key points of WP greatness - seriously? 

I loved WP for what it was. Hubs were awesome, FB/Twitter integration and the experience were great. It's just not anymore. The hardware is outdated, the app variety is poor (even MS's own apps are better on Android than WP), and most of what made it unique and special is gone. I'm glad you're passionate about your phone, but to OP's point - he will likely never get the latest apps. He won't get banking apps (especially in the US), games, etc. If the platform is only as good as it's software, WP is the worst. If you don't need software and are happy with the launcher, enjoy WP.

So OP, maybe when someone makes fun of you're WP you should just smash it against their phone and tell them how great WP is.
1. Smile really big. People like happy people. Evidence shows that the physical act of smiling may even make you happier.

2. Say "Hello" and then ask honest questions and be truly interested in the answers. People like people who take an interest in them. I make these contextual based on what I'm doing, like in line at a movie theater I'd ask " what movie are going to see?" and at a park I'd ask "what's you most favorite thing to do at this park?"

3. When you get an answer you can relate to, EMPATHIZE! Talking to other people is about finding common ground. If someone responds, "I'm going to see [latest summer blockbuster]" and you love summer blockbusters, say something like, "I love movies like that! Did you see [already]? What did you think about it?" And then ask more questions about their interest. This will help them open up a lot.

4. Ask for the other person's name. Then use it.

5. Don't wait for it to get creepy to say good bye. It's OK to end a conversation politely by saying, "I enjoyed meeting you, [name]! Enjoy your movie/day/pizza/whatever!"

Also, remember this: most people are too worried about what you think of them to think of you. When you are nervous about how you will come across to others, they are worried about the same. Just relax and be yourself. 
Reading a book that was "above my grade level."
I hate nvidia for how they are ruining the industry. I can't wait to get my 980ti.
Because corporate sponsorship of a politician is as bad as illegally occupying a country without international support, murdering it's citizens, and lying about it. Down with the US! /s
I'd propose to Wil. Everytime he'd do something that annoyed me, I'd be like, "Ugh, Wesley..." under my breath.
You can pick up an unlocked S6 between $580 and $740. 
I was one of those million. I bought an HTC Windows Phone 7 phone and a Nokia Lumia later.

MS gave up on high end hardware for GSM carriers in the US and abandoned hubs, arguably the one thing that made WP more than just an app launcher. At the end of the day, I'm looking at a half baked Lumia 830, an HTC One, or what? A 640? And why? So I can have inferior MS apps than I can get on an Android? 

So I first tried a used Nexus 5. It was awesome. Android has come light years from where it was even a year ago. I'd argue it's more polished than WP at this point, loaded with features, tons of apps, and endless variety of handsets. Not to mention MS services work BETTER than they do on WP? Really?

I'm now sporting a Galaxy S6 and love it. I don't miss WP for a second. If MS doesn't unveil something super compelling  they will never break 3%. I don't want another iOS or Android. I want something different and better. 

EDIT: [Here they are.](http://i.imgur.com/9hGCTzQ.jpg) 
You must be the reincarnation of C.S. Lewis.
Maybe his arms were broken.
Online multiplayer like Dark Souls would be fine with me.
This guy may leave his wife because he doesn't respect her or his children or because he wants out of the adult commitments he has gotten into, but he won't leave his wife for you. Just remember that. If he does abandon his family, he will likely do the same to you when you become boring and another 16 year old takes interest in him. Then he'll be getting blowjobs from her on your anniversary.

Imagine how you're going to feel when he does to you what he's doing to his current wife. Once a cheater, always a cheater. 
You could write a book on how Nintendo's advertising over the years has influenced their sales and some great points have already been raised here. Something else to consider is how you translate an experience into an add. It was super easy to advertise the Wii, because you could show people flailing about with huge grins with the Wiimote, mimicking movements that made sense, like bowling a bowling ball, swinging a golf club, slashing a sword, steering a car, etc. When people saw this, they went "WOW!" and they got it and were sold on it.

Now look at products like the 3DS or Wii U. How do you get across the experience of two screens? Forum goers repeatedly cite the tablet as a negative, while people who own the Wii U generally praise it. Nintendo couldn't figure out how to effectively sell consumers on the potential experience and it has shot them in the foot. 

For their games, Mario 3D World is a very different experience from Sunshine or Galaxy. But Nintendo just couldn't figure out how to get this across in their marketing. Instead, people see "generic 3D Mario game" instead of a game that pushes innovation in 3D action platforming and achieves almost perfection, as reviewers repeatedly stated. You could say this of nearly every 1st party title.
People don't know what CEOs do. They also don't directly see value in what a CEO does. 

Conversely people know what athletes, movie stars, and musicians do and they directly appreciate their work.

Also, CEOs are the figure heads of a company, so every bad thing the company does is a reflection on the CEO. Their pay then becomes contentious, because it seems like they're doing a bad job willingly and getting paid millions to hurt people and the environment.
AT&T gets paid by app developers to preinstall apps. AT&T also puts apps on the device that funnel you to their services. In the end, AT&T makes money off of them.
In tech, "objectively best" doesn't always mean "most preferred by consumers," and the latter drives adoption, not the former. Just because Cortana can't state the quantum number of selenium or play a song that is specifically k-pop doesn't mean consumers won't prefer it to Siri or Google.
This is an example of the 'No True Scotsman' fallacy. 
This changes everything...
I never knew James Hetfield was so talented.
You deserve all the upvotes
That is beautiful.
Someone please reverse this.
You were feeling like shit because your body was switching from glycosis to ketosis. Now you are feeling like shit because you are starving. Get your calories and protein way up, drink tons of water. You'll feel amazing if you can stick to it.
I find the far left and the far right look virtually identical.
The only thing that could have pushed this update from a 9.5 out of 10 to 10 out of 10 would have been if you had secretly bought a second copy of the book and, when the first copy went "missing," you had put the second copy out. It'd be like gas lighting him trying to gaslight you. Gasception.

Nice job, OP.
I gave up the stick and got an Outback 3.6R. I feel bad that Nissan has given everyone a crap impression of CVTs, because my Outback's CVT is great. In 9 months, it's only gone retarded once and had that spongey, spooling up feeling once. Normally it is tight and responsive. I miss an engaging drive, but not in traffic.
It makes a lot of sense to switch to an incremental update pattern with the portable consoles versus massively changing the product. This keeps high value on the products with a back catalogue of awesome games, which is where Nintendo's console excels vs mobile phones.
I have a very different opinion of prenups than some people here. If someone goes into a relationship having quite a bit of assets (savings, trust fund, familial wealth, etc.) with an unequal party (someone with much less), then yeah, prenup makes sense. She hasn't graduated yet and is wanting to protect what she doesn't even have. And, from what it sounds like, with the expectation that you shoulder her burden with no net gain in the future? This isn't a fair prenup. If you are helping her through school, you shouldn't have to sign a prenup so when she is reaping all the benefits of your mutual sacrifices you potentially get nothing from it.
This is the correct way. Any other way is morally wrong.
The logical fallacies. Having a firm grasp of the fallacies would cripple the spin from sensationalistic news. It would help people form better opinions, make better decisions, empathize with others better, spot untrue or misleading claims, and learn to dive deeper into claims vs taking them emotionally or at face value. It would reduce the number of people who are preyed on by advertisers, dangerous NRMs, and bad employers.

There really isn't a down side, other than some belief systems and dishonest/deceitful people/organizations/politicians may feel attacked by people thinking more rationally.
I'm sad to see this so far down. The intro was AWESOME. 
Nope.
I love terrible AMAs. Woody Harrelson's filled me life for weeks.
Vision planning is one of the core responsibilities of a CEO. A vision drives employees to work harder and consumers to purchase their goods. The ideas have been around a long time but didn't really take focus until Steve Jobs propelled Apple to be able to sell bottled water for $500 a pop because of their fan base. In many ways, a CEO is the company's celebrity, the manifestation of the company as a singular person. If that person can live a vision, then it earns the goodwill of consumers and the loyalty of employees. Some company's are far more reliant on vision planning (Tesla) than others (BP) because they are either presenting innovation, are selling a luxury item, or are a new product to market.

By the time millions of dollars are on the table, I promise you the CEO is being trained and developed on how to craft and present an authentic vision. 
Is that you, Hideo Kojima?
It feels like just ten years ago that the 70s we're only 30 years ago.
I love how every response to your comment proved exactly what you just said.
Domesticated animals are bred over generations to keep and accentuate desirable traits and lessen or eliminate undesirable traits. An animal is domesticated when these traits are such that the animal is easy to tame and provides the desirable benefits (companionship, food, fur, etc.).

What is changing is the expression of traits.
If the game requires an internet connection to play ( it is always on, like Destiny), then it won't work after the servers are shut down with or without a physical disc. On some games (mostly PC), private servers might be set up that allows the game to function. Buying a physical disc, though, wouldn't make a difference.
I'm sure it couldn't be to make more money.
The statement "trust, but verify" isn't bullshit at all. However, it operates off a definition of trust you aren't using. A form of trust is that a person is looking out for your best interests, not just their own. In this definition, trust isn't about actions, but intentions. Sometimes a person can have great intentions and do something that has unforseen consequences to them. The verification is not to ensure that they have maintained good intentions, but that their actions are in line with their good intentions. This definition is used in business literature as a part of leadership. You always assume positive intent and verify that your employee's actions align with their intent. When they dont, you don't lose trust. You coach and develop them so their actions better align with their intentions.

In this guy's example, he is using a definition of trust that includes actions. So he's saying, "trust, but don't really trust." THAT is bullshit.


I hate this thought, but I'm surprised Sony or MS hasn't allowed you to buy trophies or achivements. 
I started playing WildStar during beta. I played for about four months after launch and left right after Mega Servers. I keep my eyes on the official forums and this subreddit. 

For a while, both were extremely toxic, as well as the players on my server. It's been great to see how things are turning. 
Missouri would definitely not be unified and would likely rip itself apart. Northern Missouri, Southern Missouri, and the Ozarks are so different. I could see St. Louis almost immediately seceding into Illinois despite the river. The Ozarks would be almost impossible to invade. Southern Missouri would want to be a part of Arkansas. And no one cares about Northern Missouri.
[Spoiler](#s "She's dead.")
There is a setting that turns the watch face on as soon as you move your wrist or get a notification. It saved quite a bit of battery. I've never had an issue not being able to see the screen or  heck the time when I need to.

I'll also add that the black spot at the bottom becomes invisible when you own one. It seems like an issue, but it's not. This especially true considering how many black watch faces there are and how well it frames your cards. The early reviews, imo, we're way off about their analysis of the product.

The real negatives are that the touch screen isn't nearly as responsive as it should be, to the point of sometimes being frustrating to use. I will often have to swipe multiple times to make it go. Also, it's too small. Multiple sizes are definitely needed.

I'll also add that NFC should be on the spec list for gen 2 with support for Wallet payments.
Putting a watch on a Qi wireless charger at night is so cumbersome. /s
"Disappointing battery" is pretty subjective. After the patch, mine lasts over 24 hours. This is with heavy use.
I love my Moto 360. Most everyone where I work has some kind of wearable.
I love my Moto 360. It's a little surprising to me that Android Wear hasn't caught on.
There's nothing weird about this at all. Also, alarm clocks should only be set to multiples of 5.
Like rubber ducks?
When I go to Starbucks, I assertively order a medium.
RIP
Is it made out of 100% real bugs or is it mostly high fructose corn syrup? 
Wow! I've been using Chrome, so I didn't realize Samsung's browser had the buttons in that layout.
thank mr skeltal
Having come from a Nexus 5, flip flopping the back button and the open apps button on the GS6 is driving me crazy.

But that is seriously my only complaint so far.
Despite the success of Android, [Google makes money on search ads.](http://www.investopedia.com/stock-analysis/2012/what-does-google-actually-make-money-from-goog1121.aspx) Mobile generates much less ad revenue than desktop/laptop. Despite Android dominating the mobile phone space, they haven't figured out how to properly monetize it yet. In fact, nearly every venture Google has attempted has failed or hasn't successfully been monetized. Google's ad revenue is on the decline because of this.

Microsoft and Google don't get along. Google has a one-trick pony (Google search), but MS has shown an ability to wait for a market to mature and then throw money at it to gain market share. Bing goes after Google search, Outlook after GMail, Windows Phone after Android, etc. Nearly every venture Google wants in or is trying to do, MS is either already there (and entrenched) or has a better product. And MS has monetized it. There are quite a few habits/stigmas that sometimes beleaguer MS, but that's all they really are. If the casual consumer knew that Bing would give you free Starbucks gift cards for doing what you already do and getting virtually the same results (searching), they'd leave Google Search. 

Another rub is that MS makes more money off of most [Android phones than their own WP.](http://seekingalpha.com/article/1241531-why-microsoft-will-dominate-the-smartphone-space-its-android-os-cash-cow) Most consumers think hardware when they think of the money, but it's really in the ecosystem. For most of these companies, you are the product. MS has a comparable (and more mature) ecosystem to Google. If people start leaving GMail and going to Outlook, that's less people Google has to monetize. 

Lastly, Apple and Google are not the best of friends, either. Bing is the default search engine for Apple's products. Apple is ecosystem agnostic - unless you're buying books, movies, TV shows, and music. Google is very mature in these categories and is looking to gain as much revenue as possible from them, going so far as to advertise. Google, however, HAS to support Apple products, because consumers are more loyal to Apple than to Google. Not supporting GMail on iOS wouldn't be a blow to Apple, it'd be a blow to Google.

So Google writes apps that work well on iOS so they don't lose those customers. However, MS isn't ecosystem agnostic. They want you to use MS services. WP is designed around these services and works so wonderfully with them that it actually becomes a hassle trying to use GMail, Google Maps, etc. The market share for WP is small and the engaged MS customers use MS ecosystem services anyway. So what does Google have to lose crippling their services on WP? It keeps customers from switching, because it perpetuates a bad reputation of the product. It never moves away from early adopters (around 3%) and can't capture a majority. Google protects their revenue by screwing MS over.
Hopefully the courts don't try them as black adults. I'm pretty sure the penalty for damaging a car hood is twelve consecutive life sentences if you are a black man.
Not to mention the number of people who become painfully addicted to opiates prescribed by physicians for paid management and then can't afford the proper treatment to be weaned off of them or worse: who aren't even offered proper treatment after and expected to quit cold turkey.
You're right. Now I'm sad.
Edit: Acer Predator is not 4k. My life is a lie.
I just added a new cargo organizer to my Outback. It's pretty wicked! 
I think this is definitely true. I've worn mine almost every day since I first got it at launch. I find that the initial reviews/impressions completely missed the mark on what it is like to own this device. The battery life great and easily gets me through some 12+ hour work days of heavy use. The black bar is invisible, especially with most of the watch faces I use (they have black backgrounds), and it lines up with the notifications to make it feel natural and disappear. Glancing at my watch for notifications is just so incredibly awesome, especially on the go. I silence my phone and get a subtle vibration to let me know I got a notification. I regularly use the music player buttons, navigation (I can't believe how awesome nav notifications are, especially while biking!), and voice text features.

Voice recognition still has a long way to go. I also think the touch response is between "meh" and bad. The delay on the auto screen brightness feels like it is sometimes possessed. Lastly, I'd like a bigger display. I'm a fan of bigger watches, and it is a bit too small. These are my four gripes after living with it for months and I never see people talking about them. Getting rid of the virtually invisible, mm thick black bar won't make the product more appealing really but I think addressing those four would.
In the US, that's called European chocolate, is, like, $20, and probably made by Hershey's.
I never notice the bar on mine.
Next you're going to tell me Sony sells insurance.
That purple link.

Dem feels...
I'd also suggest staying away from East St. Louis, North County in St. Louis, most of South St. Louis, downtown St. Louis, too west or not west enough in St. Louis....


You know what, just don't come to St. Louis.

Source: From St. Louis.
Honest question: what makes something a WoW clone? Is it being a theme park MMO? Is it a 3rd person action game with a hotbar?

Also, why are these attributed to WoW and not the many games before it that actually introduced these features?
This kills the hair.
If I eat a pig that ate a person, am I eating people?!
...upvoting his own posts, downvoting those he disagrees with.

Too soon?
[Fancy footwork.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZKq2ptu7qw)
Philosopher here. Can confirm these words form a coherent thought.
Thank you for subscribing to BatFacts! Did you know that 100% of bats are mammals? In fact, 9/10 dentists agree that bats are warm blooded.
When did I start loathing car commercials? I don't know. I guess I always have.
I'm really surprised at how long this stereotype has lasted. Windows 8, no matter what a person's opinion of it, really made touch interfaces 1,000x more friendly. If you're creating digital art on a desktop, you're likely using a Wacom product connected to a PC with a Quadro. On the go, you're not going to use a 750m.
There are so many great choices out there at all different kinds of budgets. Which laptop to get will largely depend on what is important to you.

If you like the MacBook build quality and form, you'll probably like the MSI Stealth or Ghost, Razer Blade, or Gigabyte P35 or P37. You can get a constant 60fps on the highest settings with an i7 and GTX870 or GTX970. Having an SSD instead of a HDD will help you load into zones or dungeons much faster.

If you're on a tight budget, the Lenovo Y series or Alienware 13 are really good choices. The Lenovo is a SUPER great value.

If you're really just wanting the best possible gaming experience and don't care about the size, form factor, or price, then look at the Asus ROG, MSI GT72, Alienware 17, or Sager NP9772.

Keep this in the back of your head: laptop and PC quality has really gone up tremendously over the past five to ten years. As long as the computer has a dedicated GPU (like a GTX series graphics processor, not an integrated GPU like an Intel), you'll likely be buying a quality machine. I'll also say that the GTX 970 GPU is really a beast and can compete with some desktop graphics cards. If one of those is within your price range in a form that meets your needs, go for it!
Same!
"After using this device for a day, I was disgusted to discover it wasn't an iPhone. Ecosystem: 1/10." -The Verge
I'd wait and see what Sony and LG bring to the table. I have a feeling that the Z4 and G4 are going to be the best devices around this generation.
RIP In Peace
If you think about it, the PS4 is really just a low end PC running a propriety OS with super expensive software and practically non existent driver support. :)
Linus said it best: I don't need a thin phone, because fingers can handle more than a quarter of an ounce of weight. I need a battery that can last longer than an hour.
I am serious. And don't call me Shirley.
Why do I have to be Sammy?
Nosgoth was the multiplayer component of a Legacy of Kain game that was in production and canceled. At this point, money is likely what is stopping SE from making another LoK. Tomb Raider was pretty expensive and sold really well, but SE said it still didn't meet expectations. http://www.vg247.com/2013/03/27/analyst-tomb-raider-cost-100-million-needs-10-million-sales-to-succeed/

For a remake to be as awesome as we'd want, it'd likely have to be expensive. SE isn't going to take that chance on an IP that was only moderately successful.
Next, a law was passed that people need to maintain their rooftop grasses. 

One thing led to another, Skynet Judgment Day.
https://i.imgur.com/MIj6o.gif
In the U.S., we have politicians who believe a woman's body rejects rape babies automagically. So don't feel too bad. :]
driving with a friend
accidentally grab his leg instead of gearstick
we both laugh and I unzip his pants
"Bob, this is the third time this week you haven't sent out your TPS report. The police are here to arrest you and send you to prison for thirty years." -Reddit's vision of CEO accountability
You're right.

http://www.idc.com/prodserv/smartphone-os-market-share.jsp
Wait, there was something after the consoles? How come my eyes couldn't see it?

/s
It's really not stupid. People feel like if they're doing their job as expected then they deserve a perfect score. If that were the case, then how would you rate someone who sometimes goes well above and beyond what's expected? How do you rate someone who ALWAYS goes well beyond what's going expected or has shown mastery of a competency? In school, doing everything right was a 100%, an A. In business, doing everything right puts you in the 50th percentile, a very different measurement for a very different purpose.

The rating system that says a three is meeting expectations is designed to offer leeway in both directions. If you are a hiring manager and you hire a bunch of people who nail 5s, you're either overpaying for talent you don't need or are setting yourself up for massive attrition, because your staff is underpaid and overqualified. I'm hearing "retail" a lot in these comments. A little secret: many retailers now give cognitive tests that measure a person's tolerance for tedious tasks before hiring, because they want 2.5-3s, NOT 5s. If you get hired as a cashier at some of these places, these tests have indicated you are likely only capable of being a 2.5-3 as a cashier. Put another way, you're able to do tedious, repetitive tasks all day, take direction from unqualified, inexperienced front-line supervisors, and won't think outside the box to solve problems and do what you're told. You reduce attrition. This comes at the expense of bench strength. But no major retailer needs 40 cashiers who will someday be managers.

The 1-5 competency rating system is used just as much to determine right-fitting employees to roles as it is to give feedback and quantify merit increases. I've seen employees get "too many 5s" and be asked to transfer or accept a promotion because they introduced risk. 5 can't mean "doing everything well" and serve these purposes.
The Verge
"EA Origin: At Least It's Not Uplay."
Can confirm. MGS4 is great, do not skip.
The Jewish people lost their home (Israel) and basically became expats in Europe and the Middle East. However, because nationalism and identity are strongly rooted in the Jewish faith, many Jewish communities stuck together and didn't homogenize within local societies. This nepotism made them stand out. Historically, this has been a huge originator of Jewish racism.
So just like a console?
This is actually one of the most comforting things I've ever read. My younger brother died of a heroin overdose and, in the back of mind, I've always wondered if he was in pain when it happened. It's good to know his last moments were likely peaceful. I'm really glad you shared this.
How rare is that card?
Filled out with bacon.
Dark Souls 2. Zero regrets.
Spirits Within was hands down the best sci fi movie released by Square Enix in the history of that year.
First official picture of Michael Fassbender in the lead role!!!

http://imgur.com/EHBAzGL
Stop talking to him, hire a lawyer, get a divorce. In that order.

Never look back. This guy is dangerous.
One sip at a time.
You need a degree to change the spark plugs in a Subaru.
"You want the best gaming computer? Mac Pro."
I still don't understand Bioware's decision to end ME3 the way they did. 
I agree that if you need a notebook for homework and reddit, you should go for an Acer. The problem is that, unless you need OSX, you don't really *need* a MacBook, either. Because the plastic doesn't run programs or make you productive. That's the hardware inside the plastic. You buy a Mac because you're willing to pay an exorbitant price for a computer that looks good and has a chic logo.

I'm sitting here looking at this:

http://store.apple.com/us/buy-mac/macbook-pro?product=MGXC2LL/A&step=config#

and I'm seeing this:

http://shop.lenovo.com/us/en/laptops/lenovo/y-series/y50-uhd/

And I'm thinking: what in the MacBook Pro is worth an extra $1,300? I could buy two Lenovos for the price of the MacBook Pro. Put another way: what can I do on the MacBook that is costing me more than double the Lenovo?

When a rational person looks at this, it's pretty tough to swallow. 

He could just shake it off.
Can you put it next to a banana for scale?
This comment is just reddit circlejerking about reddit circlejerking. Like circlejerkception..
PepsiCo won't use palm oil from deforestation methods. In 2010, they committed to weaning themselves off of the stuff. This year, they are using 100% sustainable palm oil sources through the RSPO. By 2016, they will be on par with their peer companies in their efforts to stop deforestation.

Even if PepsiCo was 100% ethical (impossible) 100% of the time, SumOfUs would still lose their shit with them, because reasons.
I came here for lulz and instead you give me tears. 0/10, have an upvote
I came to the same conclusion, but in a different way. My 920 broke and I had some cash to burn. I bought a Nexus 5 to try stock Android. Lollipop isn't perfect (but neither is iOS 8 or WP 8.1). But there is just simply so much more I can do on Android than on WP. I bought an Android Wear device recently. It has limited functionality, but is still awesome. 

The nail in the coffin IMO is how superior MS's own apps are on Android. Office is fantastic, it's super simple to set OneDrive to my default storage device, and Skype has more functionality in Android than WP.

I loved WP, but it is pretty clear it has been mismanaged by Microsoft. I'm waiting to see if Windows 10 brings them back in the running.
Religion is not sufficiently necessary to be evil. Also, there is insufficient cause to believe there isn't anything beyond our faculties. Logically, if there was something beyond our faculties, we wouldn't have the faculties to perceive it. So believing that man's perspective is absolute is just that: a belief. No different than a belief in a deity(ies). 

So just let people believe what they will and stop scapegoating religion for man's problem. The individual is the problem, not the whole.
Hatoful Boyfriend is hands down the best pigeon dating simulator on Steam.
Nice try, Cracked...
There are dozens of us! DOZENS!
There is a finite audience. The audience are potential customers. Every person who watches it for free is one less opportunity to make money back on the film. If 1,000 people pirate the film, that's 1,000 less people they can make money from.

Also, this is not a victimless crime. Even though it's easy to think of big corporations as faceless entities, everyday people's money is what is backing them. This is forgetting about all of the companies that live off the movie industry, including the countless hourly jobs at movie theaters, advertising firms, local businesses that depend on the advertising, etc.

There's no data that proves that after people pirate something and they like it that they go make a donation to the creator by buying it. This is just one of those empty justifications used to justify stealing.
Write how you feel and the circumstances from your point of view in a letter. In your letter, set a date, time, and place IN PUBLIC for the near future (maybe six months) and have them meet you if they want. Explain that you need time to figure out if this is a relationship that is good for your life. Cut yourself off from them. You'll know everything there is to know about your relationship with them when/if you meet.
"Fixed a bug where the update history showed only 139 updates. It now correctly displays 140 updates."
"We chose for our game to be buggy, because Abstergo is probably buggy. It makes it all more realistic."
This is the same argument peasants give to justify why their potatoes are missing features...
Yes. It comes from the idea that if you're given 10 attribute points, you minimize the ones in lesser desirable stats and maximize the ones in more desirable stats.

Eventually it came to represent people who go to great lengths to maximize the performance of their character/weapon.
Console gaming is on track to implode. It wouldn't surprise me if Nintendo is the last man standing after this generation. Ironically, they seem to be the only company in tune and able to compete with mobile.
Because despite your personal anecdote, most Americans have good healthcare.

Of those 13%-16% of uninsured people, an undisclosed number don't have health insurance because they are wealthy enough to not need it. There is also government assisted healthcare through Medicare and Medicaid. So the actual number of people without access to healthcare is pretty small.

The horrific plan you were on is not indicative of most American's insurance. Most Americans are very happy with their health care plan. There are a small number of people who don't have adequate access, sure, but that doesn't represent the whole.

If the majority of Americans could empathize with the (very small) minority who don't have good healthcare, then the system would change. They don't/won't, so the system stays the same.
No really, I need the link to this video.
"Almost no one." Only 13%-16% of the country doesn't have health insurance. Most people with health insurance have access to new medicines.
Same. I think it is easily worth $10. People read that the main story campaign is only two hours tops and think that is all Ground Zeroes has to offer.
Meh, this is pretty subjective. I've bought some indie games that had way less content for way more money.
Dark Souls, OP. OP, meet Dark Souls.

>:]
I spent 200+ hours modding Skyrim. I get 3fps, but my character is also Batman, so...
Assume positive intent. Everyone wants the best, but don't always know the right way to get it.
Ground Zero was so short. It made it all the more frustrating because it was so fun and intense. I had more fun playing it than most of the AAA non-Nintendo titles of the year so far.
I was person of the year in 2006. AMA
"Then you drop it four feet and it shatters the pavement."

#nokiaproblems
I've found the FFXIV community to be among the best.
These types of comments are totally unfair. The cinematics ARE the gameplay. QTEs, amirite?
If you're in the US, Target fairly regularly runs buy two get one free. Many Nintendo titles don't drop in price quickly, so this is a great way to save some money.  That can help you build your library for not a lot of money.
PS1 = Resident Evil, MGS, FFVII/IX, etc.  There were great games,  but I agree the system was forgettable. 
Am a sausage,  can confirm. You don't want to see how I'm made. 
Wow! All that FREE software! 

You just convinced me to buy an Acer.
The Verge: "We didn't actually use the Nexus 9. As we sat there cradling our iPad Air,  we thought about what it must be like to use something not made by Apple and then gave that a score." 
The thing to keep in mind is the context.  Religion (or most religions, it's almost impossible to define the term "religion") claims to have the truth.  If you have the truth,  then everyone else is wrong.  If something is false why would you even entertain it?

I'm not justifying it,  just explaining why it is. 
I was going to furiously down vote your peasantry, but fortunately I read your post all the way to the end.10/10, jimmies were rustled
[Some good games?](http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2013-12-30-eurogamers-game-of-the-year-2013)
None of these are really valid.

-The Wii U launched with a *massive* amount of games comparable to the SNES, N64, Gamecube, and Wii. An overwhelming majority of those were...

-...3rd party, blockbuster titles that performed better than the PS3/360 versions.

-The media keeps saying people thought the Wii U was just a gamepad accessory, but so far there is only anecdotal evidence to support this. Besides, this notion goes completely against [the technology adoption lifecycle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technology_adoption_lifecycle). It's just media hyperbole.

-Miiverse is incredible. It's one of the most fully-featured and best implemented 1st party social media. The XB1 shipped with major features of the 360 handicapped.

-Other than shovelware, Nintendo consoles have *always* had a lack of 3rd party support.

So, **here are the real reasons the Wii U has struggled**:

1. Social, online gaming dominates and Nintendo does it worst. If a network of friends all play Call of Duty on Xbox, that is what they're going to buy - and Xbox and CoD. The mega-casual franchises people love (BF, CoD, Destiny, etc.) either aren't on Nintendo consoles, come late, or come crippled - and they have completely stopped coming. Most 'gamers' are invested in one platform (PS, Xbox, PC) and they *maybe* get a 2nd or 3rd platform.

2. Mobile (iOS, Android) is becoming HUGE with casual gamers...

3. ...who were the audience that drove the success of the Wii. The Wii sold tens of millions of consoles, but the software attachment per console was horrendous. That's because casual gamers bought it for bowling/sports. The novelty was the motion controls and they didn't bother with the more traditional games. Bars and restaurants bought them. Doctor's offices bought them. They were everywhere, but very few of those consoles turned into software sales.

4. This makes the Wii U seem like an even bigger failure, because Nintendo's market share went from inarguably #1 to a distant #3. Even though software sales of 1st party games are doing fine (compared to the Wii), the console is still viewed as a failure.

5. Which creates a media frenzy. When a well-liked, successful company like Nintendo or Apple make a mistake, it drives website hits. The negative buzz about the Wii U is selling ads, which means the media jumps on any negative news they can.

6. This takes away consumer confidence and hurts sales, repeating #s 4-6.

If Nintendo launches the Wii U's successor in November of 2017, that wouldn't be "shorter than most."

NES - 1985 to 1991 (6 years)
SNES - 1991 to 1996 (5 years)
N64 - 1996 to 2001 (5 years)
Gamecube - 2001 to 2006 (5 years)
Wii - 2006 to 2012 (6 years)

It would make sense that a new console would be announced in 2016 and would be released November of 2017.
Well said. 

WP was the life support Nokia needed to not outright go out of business. For nearly three years, they were exclusively the best Windows Phone phones. 

A lot of armchair business analysts like to wax poetic about how Android would have saved them. It didn't save Motorola. It hasn't saved HTC. It certainly didn't help Sony. A polycarbonate colored phone is not a hard thing to emulate/copy. Sure, HERE offered some great services and apps.

[This graph](http://www.goandroid.co.in/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/marketshare-Q1-2013.gif) does a good job of showing how well Nokia really fared. 3rd behind HTC using the 3rd place OS? That's not bad *at all.*

Unfortunately for most journalists and consumers, if you aren't #1 you aren't relevant.
Steam doesn't sell the gift cards to Target. They give them to Target + freight (shipping & transportation) fees.

When you buy a gift card, it is activated at the register. This means the serial number of the card is sent to the vendor who produced the card (Steam). They update their ledger to reflect that Target owes them $50 less whatever agreements are in place for Target to profit (which is typically next to nothing if not outright nothing). Target then makes a payment to Steam for $50 less Target's profit.

This $50 goes back to Steam and gets offset with a balanced debt (so they don't reflect $50 in immediate profit) for a specified period of time (usually around the period when the gift card either expires or statistically consumers won't use the cards). When the consumer makes the purchase, Steam pays the publisher and keeps their cut.

Consumer --pays--> Target --pays--> Steam --pays--> Publisher

The actual cost price of the card is fractions of a cent because of the quantity printed. The profit to Target is either nothing or a couple of cents, likely covering freight. The benefit to Target is it gives them a traffic count. The benefit to Steam is it produces another "storefront" to generating revenue.
I wanted to surf porn.

I saved up all summer for a PC so I could get at those internet yummies. When the Summer of Fap had ended, I stared at this sweet PC and thought, "I wonder if PC games are any good?"

First one I bought: Diablo.

I've been a PC gamer ever since.
BH Photo has them.
Because you have access to more games (the full back catalogue of every Windows game/Linux game ever made), emulators to play nearly any console game from previous generation's consoles, cheaper games (Steam Sales vs. console "sales"), mod support to make older games look like "HD remakes" that consoles charge $$ for, the ability to use any controller you want (XB1, XB360, PS3, PS4, Wii U Pro Controller, etc.) and thousands of third party peripherals, ability to upgrade in the future for minimal cost to dramatically improve your existing game's catalogue's performance, access to incredible exclusives like DoTA 2, League of Legends, WoW, etc., no additional fees for online play, support for 'dead' console games (Phantasy Star Online, for example), ability to choose whether resolution or fps (or neither, w/e) are important to you based on the game you're playing through customization, ...

I mean, is this really stuff you don't know? I've got a PS4, PS3, Wii U. I bought them so I could play some of the console exclusives, because I'm a gamer. But consoles suck at everything but playing console exclusives. You need to really ask yourself why you're arguing this, because there are no "facts" in favor of consoles other than "they do a good job of playing console exclusives." It sounds like you just have some kind of emotional attachment to your point.
WildStar has all of the promise in the world, but none of it has been realized yet.

At the moment, FFXIV is probably the third best MMO out there, behind WoW and SWTOR.
When I have to physically plug in a cable to charge, I feel like a cave man. It's like having nice, brushed teeth and going back to an age where mouths just stayed gross because the toothbrush wasn't invented yet.
It's interesting to read people's opinions on this game. There's a fairly substantial gap between the people who like it and the people who don't, which is really clear by looking at the Metacritic scores. Everything the poster said above is absolutely, 100% dead-on criticism for the game. However, where it ruined his experience and made the game nearly unplayable, none of this stuff bothered me in the slightest.

A lot of the design decisions feel like they were to make the game more tense. I can see a lot of people being turned off by this. It plays almost exactly like RE4, which I played on Gamecube, PS2, and just recently PC. *Every* design decision is about forcing tension. You can't sprint for long, otherwise you will stagger and be vulnerable for five seconds. You have virtually no ammo. This means you find yourself deciding if you should avoid an encounter or, when you are in the midst of aiming, your palms get sweaty because you can't afford to miss that shot - bullets are just too valuable. Axes get one use, and then they're "used up". Why? Because if they weren't, they'd be OP and ruin the tension. Some people are going to see this design decision and say, "THIS GAME IS SO STUPID I HATE IT RAGE". Other people are going to see the forest for the trees, accept the compromise for the sake of the whole, and maybe enjoy the game. I don't think one is "right" or one is "wrong." It's just the design choices are really that polarizing.

Dark Souls was a "scary" game for me, because it was really challenging and created a dire atmosphere. This game is nothing like that -**nothing** like that-, and I don't think it's trying to be. It wasn't made to have tight, fluid controls. The story was *clearly* an afterthought. Why? Because the story doesn't matter. It's just a vehicle for one grotesque situation after another. If you don't like that kind of design, you're going to hate this game.

This game is Shinji Mikami's love letter to crica-2005 survival horror and his magnum opus, RE4. It's super niche and loaded with flaws. But I don't think they ever set out to make Silent Hill with Gears of War's controls and Dark Souls depth. I think they said, "Hey, RE4 was really great. Let's make something like that again." And then this was born.

This isn't a GotY candidate by any stretch. I don't even think it'll come close as survivor horror game of the year - or even top 3. But I disagree that it's terrible. It accomplishes being a swan-song for old school RE4 style survivor horror really well. If that's your cup o' joe, you'll like it. If not, I'd pass on it.

The HTC One for Windows is coming to at&t November 7th. You'll lose Qi wireless charging and the camera is lackluster. You get an aluminum body, a high PPI, and a fast CPU/GPU.

The Lumia 830 is a sidegrade device that will launch on November 7th, also. It has nearly every feature your 920 has. You gain a removable back plate and battery and, if rumors are true, PMA wireless charging as well as Qi wireless charging.

The Lumia 1520 is still a major upgrade. It has specs close to most available high-end Android devices (Snapdragon 800, Krait 400) and a 1080p IPS display. If there was a "new 1520", the only thing that could be better is moving to a Snapdragon 801, which isn't going to show huge performance gains on WP or giving it the 1020's camera (but the 1520's camera is amazing, anyway). It's still a solid upgrade even though it's a year old.
Sprint and VZW both use CDMA tech, but not the same frequencies. If you could add the ESN (which aren't 100% compatible) of the device to Sprint's network, it wouldn't necessarily work in every area. 
That's anecdotal. Based on new sales, Android has quickly overtaken iOS on new tablet sales - 53% market share versus 28.4%. 

You may see more iPads than Galaxy Tab Ses, but Android has overtaken iOS in the tablet sphere just like it did in the smartphone sphere. I'd also argue some confirmation bias in your observation.
And the HTC One
I've tried to find a legit dealer of this phone with no luck. IIR, newegg sells them for $729 or something ludicrous, but that's it.
Imagine how many additional sales Microsoft would have had if this had been launched on at&t, tmo, and Sprint, also. Everyone loses with exclusives.
The really sad part is that three different teams coordinate these activities. One team fought super hard and used quite a chunk of cash to get this device as an exclusive. This process takes a ton of time and negotiation. Marketing and retail then just acted like that investment was worthless and ruined the device. At the end of the day, the people who bought the device will be held accountable for its failure, too. How fair, huh?
You just described my unicorn. I find phones are getting way too large. I want a 440-ish ppi 4.5-4.7" phone that doesn't feel like dirt. I think there is a reasonably sized market for this kind of device.
Very true. Also, Samsung knows that, for all intents and purposes, they ARE Android. Licensing fees and not monetizing off of the Play Store are huge opportunities for Samsung. I could see them using this as a sign to more heavily invest in making Tizen viable than getting in bed with another partner who locks them out of profit centers. If they brought Tizen up to feature parity with Android and launched it as a Galaxy S6 or whatever, they could capture OS market share pretty quickly. Most people know "Galaxy phone" not "Android phone," or automatically equate the two as the same. Samsung could easily take advantage of that.
Whatever word you want to call it, it's clear that there was a original art direction for the game that [was advertised](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3iEuTuKvdU). Somewhere between the time the game was announced and Codehunters aired, the game completely changed art direction. Changing art direction is expensive and requires a lot of effort. I highly doubt someone internal came up and said, "Oh look what I invented!"

It's pretty obvious that a conscience decision was made to emulate that style. You can call it whatever you want. When a company patently copies art like that, I'd say it is wrong no matter what laws say.
November 2nd is when the Lumia 920 was launched. That means there's quite a few people who will be up for a device upgrade in less than a month. They need to have a new flagship WP by then.
They all look nearly 4-8 years older.
How can anyone find 30fps enjoyable at all? It's just awful.
I'll add that if you aren't ready to go and you are penetrated, it does NOT feel good. A lot of guys just don't get this. You have to get the engine going before you race it around the track.
This is a great response!

Halo 2 came out that same year. Played side-by-side, many elements of HL2 are just worlds ahead.
Kant ftw
Well, Apple had to invent it first. Now that they have revolutionized the way passwords work, security will never be the same again. The next big thing.
OP found an amazing, incredible discovery.
I hope we reach a point where color accuracy and black levels become Pioneer Kuro levels again.
C-c-c-c-combo breaker!
What server are you on? Pergo is crazy busy.
Wii U is at 6.6 million vs XB1 at 5 million. Keep in mind that the Wii U has been on market for a year longer and the XB1 figure is pre-Destiny.Unless it gets a killer exclusive, it seems like Sony will dominate this generation.
These kind of circlejerk posts are really unfortunate. A quick Google search will reveal that charities that do not invest in good management are the worst at helping at people.

This is all knee-jerk reaction with no understanding of how charities really work. At the end of the day, this kind of misinformation causes charities to mismanage their resources by not investing in tools and people they need to really deliver on their promises. This means money gets wasted.
I'm super afraid of investing in AMD because of the bad things I hear about optimization. Do you find this to be the case? Watch Dogs, FFXIV, and WildStar are three examples that come to mind. Also, I know Watch Dogs was terrible for every system. AMD seems to have it worse.
Bleeding edge specs for two months of smooth performance. After that, if you don't do a clean OS install of Android, welcome to Slowdownsville, population: Millions of Galaxyphones.
ITT: Australia's population is trapped between the poisonous land wildlife and the poisonous ocean wildlife.
Average Joes don't typically buy high end devices unless they have a fruit logo or Galaxy on them.That said, the HTC One is coming to at&t. I doubt we'll hear about a new device today, but it's possible. There will probably be a new one this winter. I'm betting we get WP 9 and new devices at the same time.
This goes much deeper than you may think.

Windows Phone users use much less data than Android users. More data use equates to higher ARPU (average revenue per user). Granted, the devices are less expensive from a cost perspective, but not enough to offset the loss in data revenue. The "problem" of retail turning customers off of WP is really only a problem for Microsoft and fans of WP, not for carriers.
Your comment infuriates me.Here's your upvote.
Mine wasn't responsive at first. I'm not sure how it works, but it seems like the harder I tap, the more responsive it is.
I keep waiting for a replacement that isn't gargantuan on at&t. Quite a few people with 920s are coming up on their two years, so I'd hope MS/at&t would be prepared with an upgrade/replacement device...
I was hoping this would be a gif of Lemongrab.

Unacceptable.
I was given a metal straw. One day, I left it in the bed. My SO laid down and the straw touched his side. I told him it was the cold stick and it would happen whenever he was bad.

A couple days later we were on the couch and I suddenly felt something frighteningly cold on my side. It was the straw.

We now randomly will touch each other's skin with the 'cold stick' when we aren't paying attention.

I live in constant fear.
10 years with my SO and he never leaves my side unless we're at work. Both of us are extremely happy. We talk - a lot - and are very open with one another.
I think you should punish her by giving her EXACTLY what she wants.

Give her any clothes, toys, or electronics she wants. Pay for her to live in a nice, clean home. Offer her fresh, healthy food and clean water whenever she wants. Encourage her to play and exercise and stay in shape.

Years later, when she is older, she will realize that all of your handouts have caused her to be lazy and ungrateful.
Smart watches aren't made for your demographic at all. A Movado is a piece of jewelry and a style & status symbol. 

But a lot of people will ditch cheapo Fossils and Casio watches and spend a bit more money on something with quite a bit more functionality.
This. The Moto 360 is proving that consumers want round, so making the OS square would be a big step in the wrong direction.

Give me beautiful watch faces, audible notifications, and immediate access to Cortana and MS would have a winner.
3.5 seconds on a 920 running 8.1 dev preview. I'm not sure why the experience would be so inconsistent. Skype was not open in the background.
[It is a joke.](http://m.dudelol.com/?guid=joke-went-over-your-head)
This. I used an Android and a WP 7.5 device side by side for about a year. There's a lot of "grass is greener" when it comes to smartphones. No smartphone is perfect.
This post is fake because according to tech journalists, Windows Phone doesn't have banking apps.
Power Tools is one I use regularly. It comes with a flashlight, db meter, level, compass, and ruler. All of these can be individually pinned to the Start screen based on your needs.
I didn't take his comment that way. I took it as Microsoft's strategy doesn't focus on market share, because it isn't about how many Windows Phones are in consumers' hands. Instead, it's about how many people get brought into Microsoft's services. Hardware is just one way to do that. Just because 3.X% of people have Windows Phones doesn't mean Microsoft is losing in mobile.If anything, I took it as confirmation that MS is fine with WP NOT gaining market share.
I appreciate Catholicism for the fact that it at least tries to be rational and recognizes human thought and reason as something of value.
The ban on gay blood donations was done in the 1970s at the onset of the HIV epidemic. It was largely driven by homophobia and the stigma that gay men were the largest carrier demographic of HIV. Today, blacks accounted for 44% of new HIV cases in the US in 2010, which strongly suggests that this policy is outdated and not factually motivated. Furthermore, testing has advanced to the point where doctors can be certain of whether or not donated blood is contaminated minutes after it is given.

Organ donations are much more aggressively revisited from a policy perspective, and so have benefited from more progressive lawmaking and policies. The donors of harvested organs are also tested for diseases, as well. 
I don't mind Nilay, but he seems very difficult to impress lately. 
I never even thought stopeing. 
"The Future is Going to Be Awesome""The Secret You Don't Know""Find Out Why Doctors Hate this Guy"I could totally write headlines for The Verge.
Well played.
I can't express how much I love this feature. I use this nearly every day.
In that people are impassioned about it one way or the other rather strongly.
This so much. I can think of some great examples, like Borderlands that differentiated itself with humor, style, and customizability; Bioshock, which was immersive and atmospheric with a great story; Crysis, which is just graphically amazing. Most if what I'm seeing about Destiny mirrors Titanfall almost exactly.
Retracted because I'm wrong. :] /u/fooey is right: they're just server merges.
So they took a positive - adding a megaserver - and spun it as game is failing?

Gaming "journalism".
I heard that people get jobs for money, too.
TouchWiz on the GS3 is a mess. Loads of bloatware and "S" software that only half works.There are four different ways to get to system settings on that device. 
It's not about specs. The iPhone 5 could do everything every iPhone could. Unless OP gets an old phone, he can't buy a new WP that does everything a WP can. Put another way: I want a phone that can do everything my 920 can on att. I can't get a 930 (not available), the 1020 is nearly as old, and the 1520 is a phablet. I understand not needing a halo product, but WP at least needs an annually updated product that is fully featured.
Yes!
Haha, this was the first thing that went through my head!
I know that Prometheus had some big flaws, but the way David was written was just incredible. It was awesome that the most human character in the film was the android.
Tomb Raider is an "exclusive."
Science and technology, such as nutrition and optimum workouts, have allowed people to become better athletes. This is the same as how medicine has allowed people to live longer.

The limit is the limit of our technology, which we don't know because we don't know.
And here I thought time was a component of the dimensional universe known as the 4th dimension which, when combined, form spacetime, which in fact does move at all and is constant but appears to be moving because of the relationship between physical bodies in the universe.

 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This game's launch has been good. Populations are always huge at launch and then go down. On their way to the quit button, people will scream on forums and reddit about how horrific the game is and doom and gloom sky is falling.Then after a few months and patches, the population stabilizes and things get smooth. 
About five years ago on a really beautiful May night, I went out with my SO and had an amazing evening. When we got back, we had this really nasty storm. I had this really sickening feeling that something awful was going to happen. So bad that I just wanted to go to bed. That's what I did. And, instead of leaving my phone on the charger by the front door, I put it on my night stand.

Later that night, my mom called and told me my brother had died. He was 24.
I love a manual, but Subaru's CVTs are great transmissions. There have been quite a few terrible CVTs used in cars, so they've gotten a bad reputation. If you've ever driven a Nissan Versa with a CVT, you'd understand. They make this annoying engine whine, there is a noticeable and aggravating delay between pressing the gas pedal and getting usable power, and most of them are programmed for maximum fuel efficiency, so they make the car feel underpowered and lifeless, not to mention nearly unusable if you have to pass someone on a highway.Subaru's CVTs really don't suffer much from these problems. They simulate gears, so it feels like a typical automatic. The only time you will feel the rubber band effect is if you push the gas pedal hard, let off it and brake, and then push hard again. But that's enough to trick even the best DSGs. The biggest pro is that if you want to go fast, it skips the gear programming, snags a high RPM and keeps you rocketing in the power band.
No clue why you're getting downvoted. Expectations of quality are going to be different from person to person. Just because you didn't find game-breaking bugs in your experience doesn't mean you're wrong.Also, WoW IS ten years old. The devs have openly admitted that the growth is gone. Some people might like playing a dated MMO in its twilight, but many won't. No need to knock the guy for stating a fact.
So true. Empty MMOs feel like lobbies for group finders. 
I find Bing is awesome for 99% of my searches. The rewards are awesome. I also use a WP, which means Cortana helps me rack up $$$!
You can daily drive Win 8.1 and never touch Metro. Ever.All of the benefits without a single detriment. 
Those are sick. What's that got, like, 550 hp?
This was what shocked me the most in my Outback. You are either off the throttle and get no power or lightly touch the throttle and get ALL the power. It's a blast!
That is the most Canadian response you could have offered. You make us proud.
Well, according to the Romans, you're straight. Sorry.
Nice phone, but carrier exclusives are horrible for consumers and especially horrible for the growth of WP. Why MS wouldn't subsidize this over VZW to get it on all carriers is beyond me.
The CVT in my Outback is fantastic. This is my first automatic car, but I've driven plenty. It fakes gears to simulate an auto's feel. It never has to hunt for gears, there's no rubber band effect like in other CVTs, and in my 3.6R, power comes quick. Give it a shot! Done right, CVTs are great!
I worked for a cellular provider. I know *exactly* why WPs get returned, as I was a part of our initial WP launch initiative.

It's quite simply buyer's remorse. I'm going to throw out some made up numbers to illustrate my point:

Say 40% of people are already sold on the Android platform (and more specifically a 'Galaxy phone'), 30% of people are die-hard iPhone users, and 30% of people can be swayed. Of those 30%, say 10% are recommended a WP based on their needs by a sales person (which they won't do, because the sales people know iPhones don't get returned or they are fanatical about Android). The moment they break out that WP in front of some Android or iOS religious zealot in their day to day lives, they are on the defensive - an incredibly uncomfortable feeling *if you have no idea what you are talking about*, which is why they bought the WP in the first place. The fact that the platform is not ubiquitous means they will likely feel like they were 'conned' into buying an inferior product. Eventually, they're going to return the WP for whatever the 16-year-old-neighbor's-kid or whomever **strongly** encouraged them was the best, because it can be rooted/has the most apps/whatever.

When this happens, sales people have to clean up the mess. Because very few WP are sold, they will get confirmation bias that they are garbage and will stop suggestively selling them. 
I just had a redditgasm.
It's ok to be a mess.

It's ok to not know how to react.

It's ok to feel lost and sad.

All you can do is cope. Everyone copes differently and the way you cope now may not be the way you will in an hour.

None of your feelings or thoughts are wrong or bad. You can be angry if you want. If something makes you happy for a brief moment, it's ok to be upset at being happy again.

Death creates a wound in us. Like any wound, it will take time to heal. The amount of time is different for everyone. It will leave a scar. The scar will make you different. Not better or worse, but just different.

Let yourself feel what your mind needs to feel. Don't try to think, just try to be.

You may not believe it now, but things will get better.
Not to mention that carriers are having their way with Nokia in the U.S. Why can't I get Qi wireless charging built in on a 1520 at at&t? Why can't I buy a 930 at at&t/T-Mobile? Carrier exclusives suck.
People don't have the right to employment in the U.S. That may sound harsh to people, but it's 100% factual. Jobs are privileges given based on skills and abilities.According to the EEOC, when you apply to a job it is a two-way assessment. You are assessing your ability to perform the job just as the employer is. The EEOC protects against certain kinds of discrimination, but an interview is quite literally a potential employer discriminating your ability to do the job and you discriminating your ability to do the job. You can be discriminated against based on your personality, but not your color, for example. Again, you don't have the right to employment.The point of unemployment is to protect people who are dismissed without warning or without cause from their jobs, not to pay people for not being employed. Those are very different things.
Love it! The CVT is great. It fakes gears, so it doesn't feel rubber-bandy like many Nissans or Toyotas. The 2.5 was way too sluggish, but the 3.6 is quick and peppy. Very smooth and quiet, luxury car like interior materials, and a fantastic ride.
One of us...

One of us...
I've been using WP since launch. I prefer it to Android and iOS, but there's a lot I'm not happy about. 8.1 has taken some big steps in correcting some issues and adding awesome features (I LOVE Cortana!) but it's also created some new ones (broken XBM, no more integrated FB or LinkedIN). Watching Microsoft create excellent software for iOS/Android and leaving WP apps missing features (Skype?) is frustrating, also. Lastly, I get the strategy of focusing on the low end handset market. I also get the necessity of carrier exclusives. But their device selection at the moment across carriers is really just abysmal in the US. 
I'm impressed you managed to use the adjective "ridiculous" with "Camry" and have it make perfect sense.
Rattles. Everywhere.
Hyundai has spoken about this directly. There were discussions inside Hyundai that wondered if having a unique logo would help them sell cars or hurt them. I don't know that a consensus was ever reached. The last I read, the winged "Genesis" logo wasn't standard. It was an option.

Hyundai is now a positive brand in the mindshare of most consumers. Although brand panache is important, do we know really how important it is over value? Wasn't this the exact proposition Hyundai/Kia created vs Chevy, Honda, Toyota, Ford, VW, etc.? 

It could probably be debated all day.
I agree with the Accord. Alternatives would be a Subaru Legacy or Mazda 6, depending on your tastes.
If you trust the mechanic, then there shouldn't be a concern.
I think your last sentence nails it. If you took a Chrysler product from 2001 and put it ne,t to a Chrysler product from 2014, you'd definitely notice an improvement. But it would be nowhere near the improvements every other car maker has made in the same time frame.
I find U.S. News Car Rankings help to get a feel for how the press perceives cars.http://usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/cars-trucks/rankings/
Craigslist has them on the regular. They get snatched up quick, but if you keep at it, you'll find them.
You need to find a $300-$500 car. Here's why:

Most any car at $1,500 is going to have problems. No one can tell you exactly what problems it'll have, just that it will have problems. 

A $300-$500 car that runs is going to have problems. Likely as many give or take as that $1,500 Jetta. So do this: find a $300-$500 car that runs and is cheap to repair (likely not a German car) and drive it until it breaks. If the cost of repair makes sense, fix it. If it doesn't it, buy another $300-$500 car.

Since all you need is school transport, I'd go as cheap as is reasonable for a running car. Fix or replace as needed.
It'd depend on your priorities. A $7k Civic will certainly be more reliable, but is also less likely to have heated/cooled leather seats and a turbo. Saab was in a funky place where it was kind-of-but-not-quite luxury. Civics in '06 were basic transport. Are you shopping for features, reliability, or a budget? From a used car perspective, there are some fantastic values you can find around $7k. Likely much better than the Saab.
I did a study on this. The infrastructure and manufacturing requirements to make the silicon necessary wouldn't exist, so the tech wouldn't be able to be sourced into anything.An analogy would be like handing a cave man a styrofoam cup. They wouldn't know how to make styrofoam, so they couldn't reproduce it. People from the 50's and 60's wouldn't be able to figure out (with any speed or efficiency) how to make the parts necessary to duplicate the tech. At most you'd advance man's understanding of computers by a couple years.
That car is a fine car. The B207 engine was used by quite a few other GM models, including a Saturn and a Chevy. If you were to take that car to any reputable mechanic, they'd find it's basically a GM parts bin in Trollhatten clothes. Parts are incredibly easy to find, because few are exclusively Saab.

In regards to reliability, it'll probably be somewhere on the low end, but definitely not the worst. There aren't a lot of late model GM vehicles I'd suggest as a first time car, especially from the early 2000s.
After being a parent for a while, you become desensitized to piss and shit.

The many joys of adulthood.
Is your 401k vested from day 1? If so, you need to maximize your contribution. You can roll it into an IRA or your new employer's 401k if you leave (IF it's vested).

When you go back to school and get new loans, you can put your student loans on deferment until you graduate, so forget about that one.

You need to pay back your friend and your mom ASAP. Not because it's financially good, but because it's the right thing to do. Once you get those settled, then determine if you can handle the $232 Carecredit loan payment or if you need to pay that off before going back to school.
Buffy Summers and Edward Cullen.
Came here to say this.That price looks fair for the work. 
There's going to be (and already has been) a number of commenters here who own VWs who are going to say they're reliable or that they're drastically improved over older cars. However, there isn't a single entity (at least that I've ever seen) that reports car reliability that doesn't place VW near the bottom in overall reliability. Cars as a whole have gotten more reliable ad, although VW has improved also, it's still lagging behind competitors. Mexico cars or Tennessee cars or German cars - it doesn't matter. It's how they are engineered, which can be evidenced by the fact that their German/Tennessee built cars haven't been great either.You may get tons of uncle Bobs telling you their first-hand experience of their VW making it to 1bajillion miles on the odo without even having to change the oil. No matter what their first-hand experience, it doesn't match up to the statistics and the statistics say most VWs are less reliable than most other brands.If reliability is in your top three "most important car qualities", stop looking at VW. They are not competitive at all with Honda, Toyota, Mazda, or Subaru. If you don't mind fixing a blown water hose or your interior smelling like crayons because you like the fit and finish, performance, or quality, then buy a VW.
I am going to sleep so well tonight now.
I too need OP to deliver. The anticipation hurts.
BMW and a Mustang. At one, I was treated great. Everyone was super helpful, attentive to my needs, and honest. I really was treated like a valued customer and like I was buying a premium product. The dealership was clean, the staff was dressed professionally. When I was waiting for all of the paperwork to be processed, I was given some food and a choice of beverage. We went on a tour of the facilities (mostly to sell me on having my car serviced there) and I got to meet most of the dealership's managers. Afterwards, I was given contact info for the managers, my car's Bluetooth and features were programmed for me, and LOTS of great, friendly follow up.At the other, the dealership couldn't have cared less about me. The experience was clinical, dry, and totally devoid of any personalization. It was like I was just a number in a sea of customers. There was zero follow up, negotiating price felt hostile, and I was lied to or given misinformation repeatedly (e.g. - change your oil here or your car will blow up, etc.). The first dealership was Ford. The second was BMW. 
Probably one of the best responses I've seen about driving manual in this sub. Well said.
Yep! $4k+ off a Focus ST is not unreasonable to expect. 
If you don't mind a manual transmission, try out a Ford Fiesta ST, also. Don't be intimidated by the sticker. Ford and dealerships incentivize the snot out of those cars. $4-6k off sticker is not unheard of.
It took driving one for me to get over the reputation. When I got rid of my E90, I test drove one 'just because.' The plan was a new 3 series. Things didn't go according to plan.Interior quality sucks and refinement is non-existent, but the power/performance for the money is unbeatable. It's a great car. It's just sad that 'Murica and bros and all that garbage are tied up with the connotation of the car. 
The CR-Z is a great car. It's not super fast, but it handles well and is (subjectively) fun to drive.The power plant is efficient, but remember that hybrids perform more efficiently when they can use the battery more than the gas engine. If you do a lot of highway driving and like to pass/go fast, you may not benefit from the hybrid system much.There are also a lot of compromises, like interior room and hauling capability. But the tradeoff is sexy styling.As an alternative, drive the Honda Fit. It has more interior room (by far), is fun to drive, equivalent speed, and possibly much cheaper.
I have a really good analogy for this.

You're about to get on a roller coaster. Standing in line, on the ground, you can see the exact path made by the roller coaster. Every move the roller coaster makes is predetermined. You have zero choice in the path the roller coaster takes. When you ride the roller coaster, it's still exciting, thrilling, and feels like a dangerous adventure.

Even though we know our actions are predetermined it doesn't make them any less fulfilling, personal, and unique *to us*.
I wouldn't worry about it, honestly. If you took out a six year loan, you're already through the worst year of interest on your amortization schedule. Most of your high-interest payments are already paid. Put another way, you've already lost your money in interest. Paying down early isn't going to save you too much.

Let's say, though, that you have $2,000 in your checking account right now. You *could* put that down toward the principal of your car. That, however, saves you your final payments, which are nearly all principal and very, very little interest. So you really wouldn't be saving a lot of interest doing that.

However, if you were to take that $2,000 and put it into a 5 year CD, you'd earn significantly more in interest than you would save in interest from paying down the principal of your car loan.

Think of it like this:

If your loan was for $30k and your interest rate 4.9%, paying $2,000 additional in principal would save you about $40 in interest.

A 5 year, high interest savings with a $2,000 deposit would earn you $263 in interest.

If you want to maximize the potential of that $2k and don't need to spend it right now, don't put it into your car.
$100 is very reasonable. Most shops around where I live charge $180. 
I guess a white-collar perspective would be that the money comes back to the United States to engineers (even though many models, like the Fiesta and Focus, were engineered in Germany) and management (even though there are entire management hierarchies, from design to manufacture, in foreign countries), and ultimately executives and shareholders (even though you don't have to be American to buy shares of Ford and countless foreigners have invested in the company). But to me, where a product is assembled and where the materials to assemble the product are from is more important than "where the money goes." If a guy in America ran a farm in Malaysia and sold me eggs from chickens born in Thailand, I wouldn't call those "American" eggs even if the person who planned the eggs' trip worked out of a U.S. office.. I think this whole "all the money goes back to America" argument is totally against the spirit of what an "American" product would be.
This isn't entirely true. The workers that build the cars, manage the facilities, etc. all get paid salaries. This funnels American dollars to Canada. Also, the factory pays taxes to the provincial and Canadian governments, so much of the money gained from selling the cars stays in Canada. Also, for most companies, a subsidiary corporation is created to operate out of the nation or market the product is sold in. In this instance, the company assembling the cars is Ford Motor Company of Canada, who then sells the cars to Ford Motor Company for sale in the U.S. Market. The domestic car might still exist, but the domestic car company doesn't. These car companies are multi-national corporations that operate across multiple countries and that's where their money goes, also. It may give someone warm fuzzies to call Ford "American," but in many ways they're less American than Honda or Toyota.
TIL the color black drains horsepowers.
The best part of waking up is chirping Pirelli's right in front of you neighbors and mis-shifting back to 2nd and revving the snot out of your V8 on accident.This happens way too often.
Go workout. Get crazy about eating healthy. Force yourself to be active. Pour energy into your career. Make a list of projects you've always wanted to complete and do them.

Getting back into dating or looking for someone else isn't going to make you feel better. If you have to do something, do something good for yourself and no one else. If you dedicate yourself to you, the next thing you know you'll be over her and an even better version of you than before.
I could see that being great if your engine sounded delicious and you wanted to hold in the power band. If it's geared towards efficiency and the engine sounds bad, I could see it being extremely annoying. I guess it really depends on the car and the application. 
Honest question: How do CVTs compare to transmissions like ZF's 9 speed or VW's DSG? I drive manual, but I was incredibly impressed with how fast the DSG shifted. The ZF 9 speed in Chryslers feels...broken. The only CVT I've driven was in a friend's V6 Altima and it felt horrendous. It felt as though there was a full second of lag from engine revs to power delivery.
Subaru Outback. I've forgotten what a functional rear seat, snow capability, and cargo space were like.
Well, if you drive it into the ground at 15k miles per year, that would put you getting a new car sometime around the year 2050. /badhondajoke
200 = 3,802 lbs
Accord = 3,554 lbs
Camry = 3,420 lbs
Altima = 3,323 lbs

200 = 283 hp
Accord = 278
Camry = 268
Altima = 270

Power/Weight

.074
.078
.078
.081

It has less hp per lb of the other cars. I'm using ihp, not whp. That AWD system is going to cost some power. That's why it's 0-60 & 1/4 mile time is less than other the cars even with the 9 speed.

Nothing about this car is immensely special. I have no clue why everyone is so passionate to defend it.

Wait, what? The fuel efficiency of the V6 is one of the worst, second to last only behind the Passat.

200 = 18/29
Accord = 26/34
Camry = 21/31
Altima = 21/32

It may be more nimble than the outgoing 200, but it's far from class leading on the fun quotient. [Most reviewers seem to agree.](http://usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/cars-trucks/Chrysler_200/Performance/)
I don't see it at all.

[Just](http://image.motortrend.com/f/wot/1401_top_american_cars_and_trucks_at_the_2014_detroit_auto_show/64890169/2015-Chrysler-200-in-Detroit-rear-view-on-stage.jpg) [another](http://image.motortrend.com/f/wot/official-2014-ford-fusion-1-5l-ecoboost-epa-rated-at-2336-mpg-414579/55483037/2013-ford-fusion-rear-view.jpg) [boring](http://image.automobilemag.com/f/64639031+q100+re0/2015-hyundai-sonata-rear-three-quarters-korean-spec.jpg) [sedan](http://image.motortrend.com/f/wot/1401_2014_volkswagen_passat_sport_priced_at_27295/59244585/2014-volkswagen-passat-sport-rear-drivers-side-in-motion.jpg), [imo](http://image.motortrend.com/f/wot/refreshing-or-revolting-2014-mazda6-272165/55282613/2014-mazda6-rear-three-quarter-motion.jpg).
IIR, Camaro SS and Mustang 5.0 come with Pirelli P-Zeros. I **love** these tires. They felt incredible on both cars, although they can feel a tad bit rough on nasty roads.

I totally get what you're saying about the SRA vs. IRS. For me, it's only noticeable when I'm really pushing the car to its limits. And then, the live play in the back is kind of exhilarating. But I could go either way, really. A little more confidence from the car wouldn't hurt, either.
It's ok.

If I needed a beigemobile mid-sized sedan, I'd buy an Accord or a Mazda 6. I really don't see the Chrysler doing anything special to make it stand out from the pack.

Hasn't the ZF 9-speed had problems in the Cherokee?
I shopped these three a little over a year ago and this is close to what my final notes looked like, albeit I didn't find the Camaro more comfortable. 

Coming from an E46, I was on the fence with the Challenger. Super comfortable, but definitely a yacht of a car dynamically.

Although I've become pretty passionate about my car, I'll say that I think that would have happened with any of the three. All three are just fantastic cars even if they are a bit different. 
I second this. Many Ford dealers will discount the Focus $3.5 - $4k (including incentives). OP could walk off the lot with a fully loaded Focus Titanium for $20k. 
I can picture the heads of VW now:"What if we decontented this car, made I gigantic and as beige as possible? I bet Americans would buy millions!"1 year later..."Why are our sales down 20%?!"
You captured my daily life perfectly. Bravo.
The Cardigans - Favourite Game
The ride is spine jarring. The engine, even with the turbo, is anemic and underwhelming. Handling is spongy and disconnected. Manual is numb and imprecise, clutch feels long and sloppy.My SO got it for the styling and features for the money. If the AC is running max on a hot a day, 0-100 kph times become, like, 15 seconds. (Not exaggerating)
One thing totally missed here is that diesels were perceived alternatives to hybrids. Back when the Prius was picking up steam, the TDI line was VW's hypermile alternative. Compared to a Prius, the torquey, reliable diesels were a blast to drive, and so the auto journalists proposed them as the "more fun" choice to the slow, anemic hybrids of the time. It wasn't that they were "better" than gas engines, but that they were more fun alternative to gas/electric hybrids.As time went on, autodom became enamored with diesels. They feel really good (torque) even if they aren't fast. And they get outstanding fuel economy.
It's a good practice to check your oil regularly. If you need the peace of mind, check it. If it feels too dirty for you, change it early. Just know that it's probably not necessary to change it more frequently than the manufacturer suggests.
Super Castlevania IV
Your car has an oil filter. It filters out anything unwanted from your oil. Like bits of metal.Don't listen to anyone and check your owner's manual. It will tell you exactly how to maintain your car. Follow it and your car will live long and happy.
Adjusting for inflation,the Ranger was $18,000 in today's money and the Ion was about $23,000. Cars are getting more expensive because the money in your pocket is worth less.
http://blog.caranddriver.com/2014-ford-focus-st-long-term-logbook-give-us-a-lower-rake/For some, they are extremely uncomfortable. It'd be nice to get some of the options of the ST2/ST3 packages without having to get these seats.
I was hoping the Recaros would be taken out of the ST2/ST3 packages and made a stand alone option. One can dream, I guess.
This wasn't always the case. There was a time when they had parts from the GM bin, but used quite a bit of original components. If they had been fed resources instead of folded into GM, they probably would have made some highly competitive, entry level cars. Instead, GM slowly ripped out the originality in the name of platform sharing and turned them into the mess they became at their death.
Miata is always the answer.
I think we can all agree it will be hands-down the fastest Type R Honda releases in the UK in 2015.
Cars depreciate upwards of 50% in the first three years. That means if you buy a $30k car, you lose $15k for three things: The knowledge of how the car was driven and serviced for its entire lifetime, having that new car smell, warranty, and feel, and having the pride of ownership of a brand new vehicle. If you don't place high value on those three, save yourself money and buy used.Alternatively, shop for a brand new car at model turn times. Right now, you can pick up a fully loaded 2013 GTI for $24k, because the 2015s are sitting on the lot. That's a lot of money saved, but you still get brand new. 
The Honda Fit is a great example of this. A Fit with 100k miles sells for $9k. That's less than half of the value of a brand new car.On the other hand, the Ford Fusion is a great example of a great used value. A three year old Fusion is about $14k. The car is very reliable and retailed for upwards of $30k. That's half the value for a fraction of the car's life.As you said, it really depends on the car.
I want that diesel wagon in manual, nao
At this point, I don't know that there's a "worst." With the old Avenger/200 gone, you really have a decent selection of mostly boring cars with roughly the same performance to choose from. I can't think of a manufacturer that makes a *bad* mid-sized sedan anymore. That's not to say all of them are *great* cars, but I don't know that there's one where you'd think to yourself, "wow, that car is terrible."
I've never heard of major problems with the Galant. In my experience, most early 2000s Mitsus were about as reliable as most other Japanese cars.
The underpinnings of most Dodges are ancient. The current Charger and Challenger have had numerous styling changes, but are mostly the same cars released in 2005. The Avenger was released in 2006.Even the brand new Dart is based on somewhat older components. The Fiat Compact Platform came into existence four years ago with the Alfa Romeo Giulletta. They are trying to keep these beasts updated with new engines, transmissions, and bodywork, but in some ways they really show their age.They have come a really far way, though, from where they were. Their marriage with Fiat has seen a huge bump in interior quality and the ZF nine speed is fantastic (when it's programmed properly). Building cars from scratch is a huge investment, so I get why they have to make these models last as long as possible. And the Challenger's and Charger's road presence are awesome.
Do this.
When I was 6, my dad had a 280Z. He worked really long hours and so I didn't get to spend much time with him.

One of my favorite things to do was, weather permitting, to ride with my dad on some twisty roads with the T-tops open. I *loved* the sound, smell and feel of that car. It also had luster because it was the first real thing I remember doing with my dad.
That's a great suggestion. A low mileage Porsche Cayman would make a great daily, also.
I have an idea.What if Lincoln made unique luxury cars that weren't blatantly rebadged Fords?Maybe I'm crazy, idk.
JD Powers measurements are all kinds of subjective.That said, they are no more or less reliable than any reputable car brand.
Love my girl!http://imgur.com/Ptulty6