I'm having the same issue as well. Both Glitch & Dekker have permanent high spirits.
D2 or "D2"? 
Just like in MWO
Won't be able to play as I'm going away for a few days, but at least it will be ready when I get back on Friday!
Of course I'm going away on a trip tomorrow, but at least it will be ready for me when I get back on Friday!
I'm not offended but I can't say I find it particularly funny either.
I've played less than 50 games but so far I haven't had any trouble with people flaming.
 
Don't as me about my W/L though... :P
>Any mech build should be able to kill any other mech build.

I really don't think that needs to be the case. There are definitely some matches that are won and lost in the mechlab and that's OK - if it wasn't the case, why bother having the mechlab in the first place?

More specificially, if your build doesn't do enough damage, try switching to SPLs or something for higher DPS while maintaining your speed advantage. I don't think an ML build is ideal for lights in S7.
Honor-less curs with high elo ;)
That's only cause the giraffe neck sticks up so high, they're probably pretty close to the FNR in terms of distance to the ground.
I always ban boreal so no comment on that one, factory has been my favorite so far.
I have crushed many an assault with my Warhammer. Tonnage isn't everything.
> LB20 is only better point blank.

Don't forget crit chance, crits are very strong in Solaris. Don't need to destroy structure when you can just crit weapons.
gotta practice those headshots
> "OH MY GOD I CAN'T BELIEVE I LOST TO A 30 TON URBAN MECH!"

I haven't faced off against too many but I have a sneaking suspicion that the urbie is going to be one of the stronger chassis, having a ton of armor and access to good ballistics.
I was doing pretty garbo in the div i started in, but started doing a lot better when I switched. So it's worth experimenting with different divisions and mechs and see what suits you best.
Jungle is always banned anyway lol I think I've only played on it once.
General tips for adapting quick play mechs:

More armor - even on legs. Less ammo than you would usually run for quick play. Chassis with good armor quirks are definitely strong here as well. 

As another poster said, sustained DPS is key so make sure your build runs cool enough for sustained engagements (no cool shots in solaris!). 

Crits are really strong as well - expect to see a lot of LBX-based builds. I've been having some good success with a 2xLBX20 WHR. 




I didn't downvote because I disagree, it was for... Idk, reasons? 
Under 50 or so? but that could change depending on your specific collection. I'd look at chassis overlap as well as number of mechs. If you already own most of the chassis then probably a pass (unless you really like one of them and want a hero with the 30% CB boost). 

It does also come with the premium time which makes it a decent deal even if you do have most of the mechs already in some form or another.
Depends on what you have. If you are a relatively new player/don't have a lot of mechs, I think it is a good value. But if you already have a decent amount of mechs in the pack and/or other heroes, I don't think the new heroes offer much variety from what's otherwise available in those chassis.
They released one recently that has G10 on one side instead of steel which makes it significantly lighter/nicer to carry
Crkt squid
Trulies?
Yep. I came back because of two free hero mechs. And also battletech hype. 
DAE dead gaem? hehehe
try saying the same stuff in any other game (LoL, overwatch, Siege, etc.) and see how fast you get banned
F
Not familiar with that model but as you can probably tell by surfing the front page, Hamilton is a pretty well regarded brand around here. I myself have a pilot day date ("interstellar") and it's fantastic (although I'm coming from a seiko not an omega so YMMV).

 


if it's warm then can I drain pour my bcbs faster?
cool guitars but why do PRS have such big heels on the necks?!
man now I wanna visit bolivia and get wasted at a 4 day party
yeah they're pretty garbo but whatever got that MC
don't have an urbie yet, what variant is best to go for?
I don't really like the stainless bezel but that dial looks really nice.
I was really tempted by that blue version but I went with the interstellar black. I love lume but I'm gonna save the blue dial spot in my collection for one of the seiko PADIs I think.
I think you can tell them apart by the little icon next to the name in the menu
don't forget water bears
Meh still more fun than terrorist hunt
LoL has two separate queues for this so I think it's a good idea, but it depends of the ranked player base is big enough to support it without wait times going too high 
Play ranked? 
Brew at room temp, store in refrigerator 
If you want to make any money, you have to become an owner or manager, which is incredibly stressful. 
When was this? All SMs I know are salaried and it's been illegal for managers to make tips for several years now
Nice looking watch but damn those are some long ass lugs
There's definitely an argument to be made in favor of low beat movements if they can go longer without a service and/or have a longer power reserve like the powermatic/h40
Just accept it as part of your watch's character! Nothing stays mint forever. 
Love my weekender but I gotta say the ticking drives me nuts at night! 
Not that I could afford either, but I much prefer this one to the other one! 
How thicc is that bad boy? 
I just wish they made a version without the power reserve, unnecessary clutter on such a beautiful dial IMO
Jesus Christ man it was just a bit of non sequitur on my part no need to take it personally 
Just cause it's expensive doesn't mean it's good
If you managed to destroy a timex, it might be worth looking into something purpose-built for toughness like a victorinox INOX or seiko tuna 
I hear that! I would be surprised if brands like phoibos and others didn't start catching on more in the next few years. Coming from the knife world, Chinese brands like Kizer and WE represent some of the best value, high quality pieces out there! Granted, heritage seems to be a lot more important in watches, but it's hard to argue with great value.
Huh, mine does it at 11;56, must just be a variance movement to movement 
Second shittiest, you forgot about Papa John's 
Just picked one of these up a few days ago, loving it so far! 
Looks nice, may have to pick up one for my skx as well. Although sometimes the idea of wearing a dive watch on leather bothers me
I've got the same one, but I switched it to a leather nato strap. This watch does have an obnoxiously sized lug width (23mm), but with a 22m strap you don't really notice. 
Love the clean aesthetic of this watch. Can't go wrong with seiko, it seems. WIGH! 
Yeah that one is going to be an instabuy for me 
Mine actually came sharp out of the box, although it is definitely a little thick behind the edge 
Hmm guess I should have waited for the second batch of round heads... Oh well I still like mine even if it's not as exciting 
I was being a bit facetious, obviously 3 is popular for a reason and I don't have anything against them. But I think that the 4 o'clock crowns are part of what give Seikos such a cool personality
Looks like one of those old backyard thermometers
The BM8180! What a great watch. Although I do blame it for for getting me into watches. To paraphrase /u/NickShabazz, "it may not be all the watch you want, but it's all the watch you need" 
You posting this is not making me want it any less! If only I could decide between this and the Waterbury chrono
3 o'clock crowns are boring! 
I've been eyeing the intelligent quartz flyback chronograph for a while but I may end up going with this instead...
I usually dislike the tank but that one is kind of OK 
Cool watch! My grandfather was also a very practical guy who wore a citizen. 
Crkt could be such a great knife company if they got rid of tip down and 8cr
Nice! Just got mine yesterday. I went for the bronze as well but now I kind of wish I'd gotten it in blue
Love this knife! Such a great value too
I know it's cliche but the leek really is a great knife, the best slicer in my collection save maybe the delica
Any thoughts on the lunar solo vs the skyscape trekker? 
As soon as they come out with a new color I'm going to buy one of these. 
Just buy a crkt squid and save yourself $80.

Edit: or, if you want a small knife with s30v for around $100, get the Spyderco Lil Native 
It looks like they have plain edge too but even so looks pretty meh
I have the wood version and I love it, no plans to sell. But I do kind of regret not getting the CF, may have to pick one up from the next run they do
I have the small and it is the perfect size for me. It's roughly the same size as several of my other favorites like the BM valet, kizer feist, etc. So for edc I think it's ideal.

I know some people have said the ergos are better on the large but I think it just comes down to your own size preference 
The more Spyderco knives I buy the more I love them 
Love the leek. I have several more expensive knives but the leek is still one of my favorites. A well designed and USA made knife with a blade that's actually ground to cut things! 
Infantry GMT that I got off massdrop on black Friday. A bit of an impulse buy on my part but it seemed like too good of a deal to pass up at $100. I don't have much use for the GMT hand but it's not particularly obtrusive either so I don't mind it.

I know it is quartz but it has a sapphire crystal and feels like it is built to last. 

This is my first 'nice' watch and my first with a metal bracelet. It definitely wears differently than my little citizen bm8180! The mesh band is growing on me but I think I'll get a nato strap for it for every day wear. It definitely has stiff competition for wrist time vs the citizen which is pretty much the perfect tool watch for my money. 

I'm mainly a knife guy so having a watch made by (in my opinion) one of the most iconic knife makers out there is super cool to me.

I'm already feeling the itch and looking at some of the victorinox autos along with Hamilton and seiko for my next purchase... But this is suiting me well for now! 
I'm liking it so far, it is definitely on the small side which is nice. The brass looks really nice but I already have the wallet from them in stainless so I got the pen to match. 
The Parker Jotter is another one to check out that will take a lot of standard refills. Would definitely recommend carrying a cheaper pen for a while before you commit to a more expensive one! 

I'm liking the machine Era so far but it is my first "bolt action" pen so I don't have much to compare it to 
So far so great but I just got it yesterday as well!
Lumintop AAA Tool Ti, Machine Era field pen, Spyderco Lil Native 
wpreal
Or [zee germans](https://youtu.be/2oK_trZhVdk)
wait, that's a *flipper*? how
So, essentially the same as living in Boston or Chicago?
I'm a simple man - I see beer scouts, I upvote.
ooh very nice, what'd you use to get that?
What about a delica or endura? They are lockback knives and cheaper than the other spydercos you mentioned.


yeah I like that blade shape a lot but if it were mine I'd definitely get some aftermarket scales done
Reminds me of the CRKT wrinkle ;) 
Hopefully they make enough that I can actually get one... 
Thanks! Just ordered one :)
Where'd you get it? Everywhere I've seen is either sold out or doesn't have them in yet
I don't have particularly big hands but it's fine for me. It's not going to be something you want to hard use for a long time but for typical EDC stuff it's perfectly fine.
I only have the valet but I can definitely recommend it! Disappears in your pocket and you get dat M390.

The smaller axis lock is not as "swingy" as on my griptilian but is still pretty good after some breaking in. 
WTB : TAD hawk dauntless

CRK small sebenza insingo

Have:

Small Sebenza drop point bog oak
 Rike thor4s
Don't forget about Titanfall!
I finally pulled her... - spd... 
Just got mine the other day! I'm liking it but it's definitely different than my other knives. How are you finding yours so far? 
Pre orders sold out already... Dammit... 
Which is good because the pvp in d2 is g a r b a g e
See you, space cowboy 
Reminds me of [Spike](https://goo.gl/images/8GkddP)
I'd whale for that
Cormag yes pls
The dragonfly line does lock so you may need to take that into consideration 
But... Why? 
It's the TTT - tactical turd trowel
Yeah I just got some in and was a little disappointed considering how hyped mango is. Ah well I got some creme  brulee in too so it's all good 
Yeah I really wish they made lower % or even 0% nic pods
First impressions are that it has a great action for such a small knife. I will try to take a better photo soon - the blue anodization is a really nice color in person. Pretty much the entire frame (integral) is milled although it is a little rough in some places. 
I'd be all over one of these if they made them in 154CM
I pulled brave lucina and brave Ike back to back... Pls dont kill me
An umbrella 
coming from the ridiculous grind of SW: Galaxy of Heroes, FE:H is downright generous
yeah it seems to be fit pretty snug - I tried both punching and pulling it out with my skeletool pliers so far but I'll try heating it up. 
Yeah I know, I suppose my point is that the CF looks really nice :)
I got the wood version but kind of regretting not going for the CF
tell that to /u/spaced_inv8r 
Does the action feel gritty at all, and will it drop shut? 
That's kind of the problem... I have several more expensive knives but when it comes down to something no-nonsense that "just works" it is really hard to beat!
Hello everyone! Welcome back to another episode of kickstarter crap
I have one as well. It was pretty stiff when I first got it but it's broken in  nicely 
I wanna say it was /u/NickShabazz or someone else on here
Hmm I want a techno but have been holding off because of the rumored techno v2
Yuengling (beer), citizen bm8180 (watch), and benchmade x shinola valet (knife) 
You forgot your Oxford comma! 
Looks like a strider but actually appealing 
What sort of scales are you thinking of doing? 
Looks cool man! Nice to see queen get some love on here
Just ordered mine yesterday! I also went with the wood 
Judging from that choice, I'd say we're a good influence :} 
As the owner of an orange Delica, griptilian, and shinola valet, I must respectfully disagree :) 
I'm between this and the rams horn but I think I will go with the wood
Not a strider fan myself but I will say that Chris Reeve hasn't felt the need to add a lockbar insert to their expensive titanium framelocks either. 
Ahh I'm glad I held off on the old version. This should scratch my front flipper itch nicely 
European companies can get m390 a lot cheaper, I imagine we're going to start seeing it more on "cheaper" knives 
I must be the only one on this sub who doesn't have a pm2 at this point 
Everyone should own this knife. 
Agreed! I also don't normally like black coated blades but this one looks real nice 

Edit: take that gosh darn zip tie off though! 
Looks like a pretty standard ZT clip, I'd hit up KAI and see if they can hook you up. Otherwise check mxg gear I'd say
Have been thinking about getting one of these lately since I think they're legal to carry where I live too and would be fun to have. Not sure how people would react to me having it though even as short as it is, I got comments when I lent my squid to my coworker the other day... 
I'd get the sharpening system first and then buy the rat 2 since you already have a couple of SAKs
The valet is a great knife and I do wonder why it isn't more popular as well. 

I will say, however, that the leek is hard to beat. 
I think the clip is unique to this knife - I don't know that benchmade has any other ones they could offer you
I sent an offer we'll see what happens. I may end up just waiting for the feist v2 depending on the price. I really want the smoke although I do wish it was a bit smaller - I can't believe they only made 100 >_<
pm'd
ah nice I missed that post, thanks!
I'll buy it off you if you don't want it
Nice, I also have a medium stockman. great knife!
what case do you usually carry?
I'm not too concerned about a different variant, as long as they do more than 100 so I can actually get one!

CF is cool but I think I'd prefer a plain titanium one. A nice polished g10 could also be cool
I hope they do another run of these soon
Spyderco sent me a sticker with the replacement clip I ordered for my Delica (along with an extra set of screws and some blue loctite!) 
Very nice, are the scales full CF or g10 /peel ply? 
Didn't like mine but then I started carrying it at work. Seems to be more worth it now even if I am scratching up a $400+ knife... See the /u/NickShabazz video on the cult of resale value. Although fwiw my Kershaw leek is still my go to work edc because of how slicey it is
I love my sebenza and I get that Chris reeve helped develop s35vn, but I'd be all over a CRK with m390 
I think it's (technically) legal in Boston too
Since the sebenza and delica have already gotten plenty of mentions, I'll add in the benchmade 485 valet
bog oak master race
Refrigerator handles are the arch nemesis of pocket clips
Hell yeah dude! Welcome to the club
I'd grab it while you have the chance, and for the price you can hardly afford not to
Yep, indeed so!
I'll second this - I've had this wallet for several years and I love it! Sometimes I mix it up but only for the sake of variety.
Ganzo's don't qualify as clones since they aren't trying to pass themselves off as spydercos/benchmades etc. They might be design ripoffs but they are still branding them as Ganzo.
Just when I had talked myself out of the going gear exclusive... 
I use my knives also but this one would be something I'd be more into as a Star Wars fan than as a knife guy
It's not like you'd ever use it anyway... (I certainly wouldn't at least) 
Not in my home state :) 
Not that I'm ever going to buy either, but I just don't like the look of the scales on the wave. So it'd have to be a Neon for me anyway.

(of course, I used to say that I was never going to buy a sebenza either and now I've got one) 
How big is that guy? Looks sweet man! 
Everyone posting their insingo blades lately is really making me want another sebenza... But I would have to sell one of my other knives to afford one and I really like the ones I already have! 

That is the collector's dilemma I suppose
An edc classic! I've got one of the g10 ones coming in the mail from bladehq right now
Nice valet! 
I usually like having a clip for easy access since there are usually other things in the same pocket as my knife. 

For situations where I'm not going to use the clip (athletic shorts, times where I don't necessarily want people to know I have a knife, etc.) I'll just carry a traditional or SAK. 
Hahaha just busting your chops. I also have a lot of Spyderco, benchmade, and victorinox in my own collection.
The one on the right is exceedingly dope
Do you work at a coffee shop? 
You're just saying that because 50% of them are Spyderco ðŸ˜†
Yeah but the only ones left that I've seen around are in acrylic or wood. I want a nifebrite and maybe a micarta one too... 
I'm feeling queasy just thinking about it... 
Sebenza does mean "work", so maybe it's all the people who baby theirs that aren't doing it right ;) 
Does that model come in S35vn? ;) 
I love my inlaid one but part of me wishes I'd gone with the plain one... There's something elegant about it 
Confirmed
Beer scout and 0450 owner checking in, nice knives my dude
That is one sharp spoon there ;) 
Can't have kershaw putting out better knives than Al Mar themselves now.

I would definitely pay for an upgraded version with a titanium lock side, nicer steel etc. (ZT collab? An 0450 action with Al Mar style, mmm...) but I kinda doubt it'll happen any time soon.
Do you know if that would work on the Nokia 6 as well?
Very nice! I picked up the same one a while back and I am loving it.
Just do it! You know you want to... 
Yeah I'm always on the lookout for cool small knives and this fits the bill. I hope Kershaw releases more stuff with a stock deep carry clip. 
Hmm... Maybe if I win the lottery. Or CRK decides to come out with that flipper ðŸ˜œ
Yeah I am really liking that shield, very nice 
I love CRKT designs and I appreciate the price point but I do wish they would do more mid range stuff 
Ahh my dude I just bought a new knife last week, not fair
If you're not gonna sell it what's the difference?

Disclaimer: have a ZT0450 and love it
Ah, that explains why I didn't recognize it. Are the wood parts dymondwood or regular? Also I just really like that handle shape so many benchmades are too chunky 
Most beer is ðŸ˜ŠðŸ»
Nothing wrong with the classic weber, it's still charcoal
Very nice, what model benchmades are those? 
WASD... X?
Benchmade shinola valet (just the backspacer but it looks nice). 

Or just go all in and get a Spyderco with orange frn scales 
Seconded ðŸ»
r/beer is that way ->
I don't have one but word on the street is the centering on most (all?) of the CF sebenzas favors the show side a little bit
Very nice looking scales, what are they made out of? 
I had one of those back when I was in the scouts
This as a mini grip + sheepsfoot would be an instabuy for me
What do you use? Just a regular companion or have you got the eldris? 
How are you liking the upgrade?
Choices: damn good. 
If only this knife had the option for tip up carry I'd be all over it
Nice! How's the glow? 
Spyderco pocket saw
My friend is bike mechanic (uses a knife in the duties of his job) and he got arrested in NYC just because the cops saw a pocket clip and stopped him. In contrast, I live in Boston (2.5" blade limit) and I've never been stopped by a cop so they could check my knife
Why drink IPA when you can just drink yinlinz? 
If it's an auto then what's the big hole in the blade for? 
Yeah I was blown away initially by the difference. I'm definitely going to keep the leek around as a beater though! 
No but based on a lot of reviews I felt pretty confident. I probably would've gotten the CF version if it came with an uncoated blade but I'm really liking the g10 so far
spoken like a true gear collector
If you're wondering "what did that poor knife ever do to you?", it belonged to my grandfather and I'm guessing he just sharpened it with whatever was on hand. Even so, it was completely dull when I got it.
More real estate for testing sharpness ðŸ˜‚
Go Green! 
Yeah not much love for combo edges especially but some people swear by fully serrated blades. If you keep em sharp they are competitive with plain edges I think but that can be a bit of a hassle as others have mentioned. 
Yeah I've bent this one back once already, looking for something that's rides a little bit deeper /closer to my pocket so it doesn't get bent out halfway through my shift. I'll definitely be looking into everyone's suggestions - looks like I have a few options. 
What's the difference between this and the 765?
I snagged it on something at work - I work in close proximity with a lot of fridges and things with pokey handles so it seems clips with a lot of clearance like this won't work for me. Which is too bad because I like the way the polished stainless looks 
Hey, there's that g10! I impulse bought one and it's arriving on Monday, can't wait! 
New pattern from GEC maybe? ðŸ˜†
[Shinola x Benchmade Custom 485 Valet](https://www.shinola.com/benchmade-valet-knife.html)
I love coffee and knives so this will be a no brainer (assuming I can actually get my hands on one)
I've got the same one, fantastic knife :)
Thanks man! (goes without saying that sometimes I rotate knives in my edc â˜ºï¸) 
Yeah it's the collaboration version with shinola. I don't know how limited they're going to be but if you're considering the valet I'd definitely pick up this version. 
Yeah it is!

Benchmade includes sharpening as part of their [warranty/Lifesharp program](https://www.benchmade.com/warranty-service)
Loving it so far. The size and deep carry clip are really nice although the axis isn't as free swinging as on my griptilian (although that's partially due to the blade size). I actually like the look of the orange backspacer with the dymondwood, and of course dat m390 ðŸ˜Ž
Haven't had to sharpen it yet but I'll probably send it back to benchmade when the time comes 
You posting this is not making me want it any less ðŸ™ƒ
My experience has been that you don't like Spyderco until you actually own one
That is smaller than I thought they were, very cool knife though! 
Or a crkt squid for a bit cheaper (although heavier) 
I'm trying to resist buying the new g10 version but it's such a sexy knife... 
[That's the joke](https://imgur.com/utzTCyo)
I don't know much myself, but Birdshot IV and prepared mind 101 on YouTube have some good videos about different neck knives. 
If you had a girl that looked good, would you call her? 
Yeah it is very similar to the spyderco delica
Spyderco is really loving that H1 lately huh
How are you liking the feist? I'm heavily considering picking one up soon
Spyderco my wallet why
Yeah and there's always bladehq if I really start jonesing for it... Just got a BM valet a couple weeks ago so I can be patient :) 
ah dang, too slow!
Alright cool man, let me know! 
not the octopus... he was my favorite
WTB: Kizer Feist

Have: 

Paypal

Spyderco Dragonfly 2 Salt (H1)

Boker+ Gnome (440c/olive wood)
Seems like a good deal for s35vn but I'm not a fan of the looks personally 
Been wanting the feist and the beer scout for a while now... This sub does bad things to my wallet 
It's held up to everything I've thrown at it so far. It doesn't fill the same role as a full size multi tool but that's fine for what I need. I do wish the file was a bit longer and little more abrasive though
Not pictured: Moto g4 Android phone 
Moleskine Cahier notebook

Rotring 500 0.7mm

Parker Jotter 

Gerber Dime 

Lumintop tool AAA 

CRKT Squid 

Machine Era wallet (stainless steel) 

Keys w/ nitecore tube & Gerber shard

Blistex orange mango blast lip balm

 
Looks nice! Is that from use or did you force it? 
T H I C C
I hope KAI destroys Marfione in court
Ah, very cool! I dig that sheath too
What's the lil one on the bottom? 
He could be one of the Boards of Canada
Thought about getting this but went for the boker gnome instead. Any opinion on it so far? 
"just remember, all caps when you spell the man's name" 
so far so good - I really like how small it carries on my belt. Haven't gotten to use it too much yet though.
Almost pulled the trigger on this knife a few times... How do you like it? (especially the maroon micarta) 
My advice would be to start with something budget friendly like a parker jotter or space pen. If you haven't lost it after a few weeks then I'd start looking at something nicer. 
I think that model is 12c27 sandvik 
CRKT squid or pilar are both good choices. The dragonfly is excellent too, but that depends if you like the lockback design (harder to close one handed) 
I got mine off massdrop and it was still about $40
I didn't know that... I just assumed the OEM battery was dead when I got it
I have the original aluminum one which is also great but I got this one with the neutral white LED and I'm loving it so far! 
Normal Al mar is aus 8 which isn't really much better as far as I know
No Gerber shard? ;) 
Any tips for forcing a patina? Or should I just stab it into a lemon for an hour. 
Seems cool but I'd rather pick the refill I like and then buy a pen for it, rather than paying for the ability to fit 80+ different refills when I'm only going to use one.
I understand that the space pen is not a high end writing experience, but the advantage of it is that it will write *anywhere* - for my job, I have to write on a variety of different surfaces, carbon copy paper, and sometimes in the walk-in freezer (-5F to -15F), and the space pen is the only single pen that can fit my needs for all of those conditions.
Lumintop tool AAA. Great little light and cheap. Maratac AAA and thrunite ti3 or similar are good too but I like the Lumintop because it has a tail clicky rather than being twist operated only
Are you able to charge/replace the flashlight battery easily?
How do you like the micarta handle on the beer scout? Been thinking about picking one up
Pomegranate burt's bees is in my top 3 for chapstick /lip balm flavors, good stuff 
Nice, I also EDC a squid and a dime
Thanks! That is a bit steep but I do love my leek... price might be justifiable if I pick up that new CF leek :)
Where can I get one of those / does it fit on a leek? 
I have the [Chrome Mini Buran](https://www.backcountry.com/chrome-mini-buran-laptop-messenger-bag) which I've had for two years and absolutely love. I really like the laptop sleeve. If that's not to your fancy I'd check out some of the other Chrome bags, they are all top quality.
Throttle decay killed my father 
Darnell Simmons RIP
doot doot
thank mr thalnos
>Equally, last month I needed coffee and had no better option than a Caffe Nero (I normally avoid it like the plague due to their chronic over-roasting) - but the barista did both of the cleaning tasks above, and made a flat white that was surprisingly good.

These two items are part of standard caffe nero training and (should be) ingrained into every barista's head and routine. say what you will about the chain but there are many people there who take coffee seriously :)
In a lot of states, yeah.
>sweetened drink like coffee or iced tea

you know that those usually come without sugar by default, right?
"zip it up and zip it out!"

"uh, ok, zippity doo dah bye now"
My (phone) is much bigger than yours! My (phone) can walk right through the door!
thank mr faker
looks like most people here are posting recipes for the 185, here is my method for a single cup in the 155:

17.5g fresh ground coffee, medium grind : 300g water (1:17)

use water right off the boil, rinse & preheat brewer/vessel of course.

bloom w/ 40g water for 25-35 seconds (adjust bloom time based on your individual coffee)

pulse spiral pours to keep brewer relatively full at all times without going over, stop at 300g water 

remove brewer at 3m30s or when done drawing down, whichever happens first (try to dial in grind so draw down is done between 3:00-3:30)

stir! (and then drink & enjoy)
Don't live in NYC but have been to FIKA and can also vouch for coffee being good the times I've had it
just get a chrome bag dawg
I work for a major UK-based coffee chain here in the US and we teach making americanos by pouring espresso on top of the water. Sounds like a local difference.
avenge is leaving standard so secret pally is taking a big hit regardless
unless your local store has a lot of beer snobs shop at it, in which case it's sold out already :P
Dear Chasey Lain, I just wanted to ask...
Must be regional, never heard anyone refer to a long black before here in the states
espresso should be poured on top of hot water for an americano to preserve the crema, traditional cappucino is 1/3 espresso, 1/3 milk, 1/3 foam. otherwise this is mostly correct.
cafe au lait would be made traditionally with french press coffee, although regular drip coffee is commonly substituted here in the US
eh I prefer torps, celebration just seems like an inferior version of SixPoint's Sensi Harvest
Second here for night shift - and if you're gonna make it out to Boston you really should stop at Harpoon too
It's easy as long as your hit rolls against the fuse man are good, but if you miss one you're basically boned.
Diagrams are nice but your guitar tone is.... not the best. 
*Leia
Nice arrangement but I really hate that over the top lead tone you used 
5 point 5 fucking k
I've never gotten anyone pregnant, I can't - I'm the pull out king.
I doubt that any popular arena streamers are going to want to go near HA after all this drama, regardless of who is actually in the right.
don't forget TSM Kripp
I was playing tempo a lot but I switched over to freeze since it seemed every other game I was vs. a dragon priest which in my experience is indeed a very poor matchup.
I've also heard that a flat white should be made with a ristretto
This joke could have been 50% funnier if you purchased all access!
yep brew at 1:4 and dilute 1:1 is what I do :)
try a 1:4 ratio, that's what I use and I still consider what I make to be "concentrate". Also I would recommend brewing for a longer time (18-24hrs) at room temperature.
Need to know a little bit more about your recipe to help. Not familiar with costco beans but most people prefer a dark roast for cold brew (although light roasts can also make excellent cold brew). Use a moderately coarse grind but not as coarse as french press. 

What coffee:water ratio are you using?
I think this article had a good point before the author ruined it bumbling about things that aren't important. 

He writes "Has anybody else started to develop a jangling case of nerves as they approach a barista?" yet in my experience baristas are always extremely helpful and friendly towards newcomers - it's the customers who question "what variety of Guatemalan bean suits them the best" and hold up the line that we don't like. 
That website is terrible, why not just put them all on one page rather than make me click 30 times?
I have a pretty good at it and I just have to restart the same time as a barista 
/r/lewronggeneration
Thank Mr skeltal
It's not peer pressure, it's just your turn.
LEGALIZE MAGIC WORKSTATION
Ah ok I wasn't sure if it was just by chunks or incremental by individual days. Going to install today, thanks!
still doing better than [Planetside 2](/r/planetside)
www.twitter.com

you can sign up on from the main page there
So will bus service still be running on Sunday? It was not clear to me from the article but I have work on Sunday night
Purely anecdotal on your part, just because all your friends are on Spotify didn't mean iTunes isn't still viable (and the numbers don't lie, iTunes and paid downloads still represent a major part of the industry)
Blistex medicated lip balm is my go-to
FS9-A (8SPL), SHD-2H (2xAC5 + PPC), SHD-GD (4xML + AC10), STK of choice (usually 4-5 LL) 
The htc one m7 is about $160 on swaps swappa right now, I'm heavily leaving towards that right now
Instructions unclear accidentally bought 40 classic packs
Are you running in full window mode? Once I switched from normal fullscreen I've never had an issue with alt+tabbing
Not really relevant if all your friends are already on snapchat
Yeah the DMR config for the gewehr is extremely similar. I love both guns and agree they should both be buffed :)
Definitely agree that it wouldn't make sense to just have shield piercing, just saying that it's a decent weapon that only needs a small buff to be good
IMO all it needs is shield penetration to be viable
All those chassis have heroes already, he was implying stalker would be first because it didn't have one yet, but it does. Personally I hope they do phracts first :)
Stalker has a hero already too
I've been able to reasonably coordinate attacks in pugs, just won vs. a bunch of ghost bears. But I've been completely rolled by a bunch of SJRs too.
Won't happen unless they drastically accelerate the timeline, Uziel isn't produced until [3065](http://www.sarna.net/wiki/Uziel)
It's funny because the only reason I have a 1520 is it was the only thing they offered me to replace my 920
Jedi Outcast. Stands the test of time and I still play it occasionally
clarion is viable for its ridiculous RoF

but car still better
Yeah it would've been much better if you got a different item rather than a duplicate
Close all doors

Bring Thumper

???

Profit
I use this app, perfect for school. The fact that there is a companion win8 app with cloud support absolutely sealed the deal
[CN9-AH](http://mwo.smurfy-net.de/mechlab#i=8&l=286c61a3ee2f058610e1a610e240c0e8f58e68f6)
- SRM4 quirk makes the most sense if you're using a build similar to this. I rarely run out of ammo and when I do my AC20 is long gone anyway so I'm just a distraction at that point. 3xSRM2 just doesn't give quite enough punch IMO
*devastating
was already having some solid success with my cn9-ah but the quirks certainly didn't hurt (ac20 2xSRM4 xl275)
Guava is pretty good though 
Pavement is solid as another commenter mentioned, if you're going to be in the JP area at all I would also recommend checking out 7 Pond
CLG 2015:

zion

dexter

alex ich

liftlift

aphro


GG
lolking for
bye bye link
>sports

>non-compete clause
Tums
Murman?
sad but true
hell yeah
$35
Just drink black coffee? Once you get used to it you'll never want to contaminate your coffee with anything ever again.
If pithing needle had been released in fifth dawn instead of champions of kamigawa it would've been better, but ravager affinity decks didn't die out until mirrodin cycled out of T2. Skullclamp was the biggest offender but ravager itself along with umezawa's jitte were all ridiculous.
something something three seashells
They also work around this by having different formats with different card legalites, such as t1 vs t1.5 - they use the natural card cycle to nerf/buff - "lightning bolt is too strong, let's print shock instead"
Just thank RNGesus Hearthstone will never have such a thing as Arcbound Ravager.
That's not entirely true, there is such a thing as errata which can change how older cards interact after big rules changes. But generally you are correct.
Then where's the cringe? Take this to /r/funny or something then. Thanks for shitposting, though.
Yep, not really funny and not cringe at all. I think it's just /r/fatpeoplehate leaking
joke's on them, I'll be doing both simultaneously.
Shiphtur is slowly turning crumbzz into nintendude
I got this for you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVVlA6v4N8g
vitamix are top tier IMO
Amazon basics keyboard 2 years and going strong
It was a game with a lot of potential and a good f2p system that simply wasn't advertised enough and somewhat abandoned by the developers. 2 years on and it's still in "beta" even though the playerbase has dwindled to almost nothing.

source: 250+ hours played
Blacklight: Retribution says hi.
:}
*wraiths

-Genja
another sub ruined by unnecessary stylesheets. Don't fix what ain't broke, thank god for RES letting me toggle sub style.
I think it takes 2 hits on DW
My arm gets tired quickly
what? fuck that uncomfortable silence. why should we waste time when the other student clearly doesn't know/want to answer
Half Life 3 confirmed.
CLG ZionSpartan you heard it here first
Yeah, it should be spelled [Rat-Tat-Tat-Tat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODz9CPu-XFE)
got back in game only to get disconnected again 5 mins later
Point being it's completely unrelated
Hope the rest of my team carries
I went from Silver 5 to Silver 4 AMA
It's to raise awareness for bulimia.
Anyone else count to see if he typed "ignore" exactly 10 times?
And I'd never have expected that Putin would annex Crimea.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Straw_man_argument
Still funnier than Good Bear Advice Puffin
No doubt. That movie is still badass though.
>all he has to do with get a lawyer to subpena reddit for his IP and compare that to the IP he plays MWO with.

So a few things have to happen here:

* Paul has to see this thread
* Paul has to care about some lame reddit troll
* He has to (most likely) go through whatever passes for PGI's legal team
* Subpoena reddit for an IP address that probably changes frequently
* Pay the lawyer a lot of money
* Win the suit over one troll reddit thread that got mostly downvoted

Yeah I don't think it's gonna happen.
LOL this is reddit
Shadowhawks are pretty strong, although they have missile hardpoints you don't necessarily have to use them - there are plenty of energy/ballistic only builds that are viable. 
oh my mistake, I thought this was /r/cringepics 
The wives and girlfriends line is from Master and Commander IIRC
3 years strong and still serving me well, right on brother.
560 pleb reporting in
jk1
red5
thereisnotry

jk2
helpusobi1
g_saberrealisticcombat 0
Don't bro me if you don't know me
seems to be working now, thanks!
I am having this same issue, hopefully I don't have to do a clean install :/
"Yee Yee!" is what I say when I'm real stoned and someone asks if I want to order pizza.
Too late already pre-ordered it.
And Hawken works great as 6v6. Granted that game has other flaws, but it's what I've been playing due to no TF beta key :( and it's actually a lot more fun after the steam update.
BF3 was pretty solid, no complaints other than excessive DLC. ME2 was great, combat was vastly improved over ME1, they just forgot to actually advance the main plot.
You're an asshole.
*trent razner
Half life 3 confirmed.
whoa let's not get ahead of ourselves now
But... but... Titanfall...
/r/gamernews exists. It's on the sidebar.
No, the goverment should definitely be afraid of it is people.
Agreed, I think Co-op vs AI presents a more realistic environment than customs and is still very practice friendly.
"The "Smurfy" layout that the community has been asking for will make its first appearance in March. Below is a mock-up of the current plan for initial viewing. This is a placeholder mock-up but should give you a general idea of what to expect when the feature is distributed to the live servers."
 
[source](http://mwomercs.com/forums/topic/149182-project-update-feb-32014/)


Calm your titties people.
yep, lately it will play two or three songs for me and then I'll have to restart for more music. Seems like it gets worse and worse.
Can confirm, am the letter "G".
The cycle of nerfs continues...
As a Riven main I feast on your tears.
dogue
Magic Workstation - been using it since I was in middle school.

http://www.magicworkstation.com/

looks a little dated but it works fine.
Albert Einstein.
It's made by hi-rez. After what they did (or failed to do) to Tribes: Ascend I can't recommend any game made by them, as they will likely drop it completely when they decide to make their next game.
...no
most people have variable IP addresses and MAC addresses are easy to spoof with a little googling.
He can actually ult somebody caught in Darius's pull although the window is very brief
The mods are obnoxious
so brave
I know you put some short thoughts about Udyr in the article, but do you have anything else to add about him? He is one of my favorite junglers and one that I tend to do better than average on.

More specifically, how do you feel about tiger vs. phoenix? I've been running tiger lately and the early game dueling potential is insane.
it doesn't cure cancer or make the sheeple aware either
Yah I think /u/SeanLang rocked a HGN-732 build with 3xERLL and 1xLBX10 and it worked really well.
People just want to drive Mad Cats. I think most people are happy with the IS gameplay as is.

I've been reading the books lately and I really do wish they spent more time on the Inner Sphere before jumping into the clans. IS politics are actually quite interesting.

Also, the way the clans are introduced in the books is kind of... mediocre. "Hey, do you think these guys are aliens?" "No, they must be the return of Kerensky's SLDF!". Not a whole lot of suspense built there.
I'm a pretty hardcore MechWarrior fan, been playing MW games since MW2. I've stuck through with this game and really thought (part of me still thinks) it could be great. It has the foundation of a great game, and the whole 3rd person debacle really hasn't affected the game that much. 

But this is just ridiculous. UI 2.0 doesn't even look good. But when I saw the CLANS! link on reddit, I got a boner from excitement. That was immediately killed. To release this sort of thing immediately after Project Phoenix, at such a high price, with CW nowhere in sight... It's getting really hard to defend this game or try to get anyone else into it.
literally this
yeah but there's a lot that could be trimmed from the current sidebar
Can confirm, I get super attached to the characters I've painstakingly leveled up and kept alive the entire game.
who the fuck is keyori
Yeah going deeper seemed to do the trick, guess I was just expecting the world gens to be closer to terraria.
Jareth can have protection from any color, which is kinda close.
The deadpan delivery of the last comment... my sides.
IMO stalkers are somewhat redeemed by high-mounted arm hardpoints, putting them ahead of Awesomes.
3M is probably the best locust, but I would say the 3S is actually worse than the 1V. The 1V is decent against mechs that are already wounded, but there's really nothing you can do with the 3S to get satisfactory damage out of it and neither of them can duel other lights.
Should be:

> If good at skillshots, pick Nami or Leona. If not, pick Taric or Annie.
My bad, I'm on mobile and meant to reply to another comment.
Hawken is an arcade/"twitch" shooter. MWO is still a very different beast than your average modern military shooter
Like dis if u cry evertim
Or they live in MA, CO, OR, etc...
Mechwarrior 2 had one of the best manuals of all time
Just play nasus
Freebirth scum!
buy a murdermets, problem solved.
The locust is crappy, yeah, but the shadow hawk is at the top of the medium class right now. Thunderbolts are decent, and have a wide build variety. The battle master is also a very solid mech. I'd hardly say that they're all "garbage"
Not so much of a sidegrade, unless you're talking specifically about the misery. Which still can't run dual UAC5/LBX10. There are definitive advantages to an Atlas vs. a Stalker.
You clearly never played Tribes: Ascend.
Even the "explicit" version has some lines censored/altered compared to the original. I can't listen to anything else - 

>My english teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high. Thanks, next semester I'll be thirty five.

Doesn't quite have the same ring to it as:

>My english teacher wanted to fuck me in junior high. Only problem was, my english teacher was a guy.
still hilarious
tl,dr: 3.4x on commissioner OP
This is old copypasta from 4chan circa 1980
If you're only going to use one AC20 you may as well just drive a Cataphract or Orion.
I wish we could get the bar-based display that shows absolute readings like in previous MW games
I definitely still use the wiki but at least early on he seemed better than he was in 1.1
Maybe it's just me, but the guide seems a lot more helpful in 1.2
verifying your email address should help with this
HGN-733C has an arm-mounted AC20...
Bazinger!
Once again proving that the true cringe usually comes from the OP in this sub
I feel like the next Madvillan (if it ever does actually come out) may suffer the same fate - it's been so long and may or may not live up to the original.
It used to be OP as fuck. Now you're generally better off with the AR although BFR is still deadly in CQC if you hipfire
Life is risky. If you believe it's best to keep your cats inside, that's your business. Honestly, the best case I've heard for keeping cats inside is that they are invasive predators and disrupt local bird populations.
If you want to keep your cats inside, that's fine. But I don't feel that those who wish to have outdoor or indoor/outdoor cats should be vilified. I've had two cats (indoor/outdoor) in my lifetime, one died of cancer at 14 and my current feline is very happy and healthy at age 15.
Yeah, because all outdoor cats die horrible deaths at the hands of coyotes and cars... Oh wait, no they don't.
ah yeah that makes much more sense
>~~enabling~~ "mouse pointer acceleration" option

~~:/ this can cause your mouse to act inconsistently. better to have the distance you move it be equal to how much the pointer moves every time, it gives you a much better feel for the mouse. If you feel the need for high sensitivity, get a quality gaming mouse and use the settings it has.~~
seems legit
can confirm, I was the cigarette
I never remember to use the combat ones, but potions that buff smithing/enchanting are pretty useful.
you only yolo once
Don't bother getting speech above 80 - the magazines are pretty abundant lategame, especially with the magazine perk and good standing with the Followers of the Apocalypse. Same can be said for science. I'd say guns and repair should be your first goals (jury rigging OP).
I'm new to BF3 but I've been playing shooters on PC for a long time. Aside from some individual differences, a lot of modern FPS play similarly and BF3 is no different.
needs more wow
> I have to say, bad behavior earned a bad rep. (rightfully so), but it's getting applied to the whole lot and it's really unfortunate. There are a lot of really cool and helpful people in LW.

That's part of being in any sort of outfit though, everyone's individual actions represent the group as a whole. If you don't want their poor reputation following you around, I suggest you find a new group.
This just in: being hungry is the #1 cause for eating.
Fizz also beats up on vlad pretty bad as long as you go ham pre-lv9
dodge slow-ass moving e, proceed to QWEQR for first blood
    wow
                                                       so new
                           such hair
       lol

                                           wow haircut
might be applicable if it was light beer, heineken however qualifies as actual beer, macro or not.
He could be ridin' around the parking lot screaming "I don't give a fuck" with his windows down and his system up.
Oh man, I always thought that was Iha's playing on Mayonaise...
I've tried to warn people over at /r/Smite, to get them to see what Hi-Rez has done to T:A and GA before it, yet they continue to sing the dev's praises... I haven't been banned (yet).
The different weapon variants just have different stats, they don't have special attributes beyond the numbers you can compare. CQB variants generally have higher ROF and worse recoil, SV variants usually have higher damage but longer ready times, etc.

As for finding a good group to play with, your best bet is to join up with a clan, either through finding someone who communicates well in game, or looking in the clan sub-forum on the official GRO forums.

Can't help you on the headset issue, either put in a support ticket or see if someone on the official forums has had a similar issue.

Unfortunately, as you may be able to tell, this subreddit is quite small and overall under-utilised. 

You won't have as much of a problem with snipers when you learn the maps better, and where they are likely to hide. Don't be afraid to tell your team in voice chat it's time to move up on the point.
Part of the point of this is you don't need a macro, chain firing will give you the exact amount of time needed to avoid the penalty.
Remember Tribes: Ascend?

Pepperidge Farm remembers.
Huh, I assumed it was for coke or pills.
Meh, you can even go to the more rural parts of New Jersey (yes, there are rural parts of New Jersey) and you'll see plenty of confederate flags.
Same reasons the jagermech is good: high mounted arm hardpoints. Allows for much better sniping over hilltops while exposing a minimum amount of your own chassis. True, the treb has more available tonnage but you'll find the low arm hardpoints lead to many more blocked/missed shots than on the BJ
*le gem*
Water is a foreign thing when you only drink beetus juice.
Is it really hard to figure out that DRG means Dragon?
I've tried most AC2/AC5 builds to mixed success. I've had the best luck with max engine, 2 AC10s, and 2 MLs
Uziel is even farther out in the timeline IIRC, and even less likely to see in this game. Agreed though, they are two of my favorite mediums from MW4
He supports his rankings pretty well, IMO. I don't think he's right on all points, but it's hard to argue tournament-tier mechs since you see pretty much the same variants across all teams that participate in various tournaments.
Downvoters are abundant in this subreddit. Complaining about them only makes them angry.
>strong nidalee support

pick two
I'll take it you never played Tribes: Ascend
>HiRez you're better than this. I know you are.

Based on what evidence?
mfw no face
Anyone that TK's my sunderer gets hunted down by me and my squad for the rest of the session.
Yep, [part of this weekend's sale](http://mwomercs.com/news/2013/06/687-knights-dragons-hero-sale)
>Even that isn't enough though - we have doubled the GXP conversion rate to get you elited in your new Mech all the faster!

Hero boost only affects c-bills, not XP. If you have some extra MC, converting excess into GXP during a 2x conversion time (like this weekend) is worthy.
Bought it right after it came out, totally worth.
Sneak up on battles between the other two empires and snipe at both sides :}}}
The more important question is when does the NS sniper rifle come out?
and I used to have a friend tell me it was better to bind spacebar to shoot so your aim didn't move when you fired. 

It may be all well and good for sniping but for run and gun I find that toggle just gets in the way more often than not.
Toggle just seems so much more clunky in general...
Now my -733C will get some time to shine
huh, I usually think of it as "first blood", but that probably means I've been playing too much LoL.
I don't have any Jagermechs but the Firebrand is making me reconsider.
I think the 1X is the one least worth getting, the 3D can do pretty much any good build the 1X can and has JJs.
I think it was already revealed that he was Bolton's bastard, a few episodes before when he makes Theon guess who he is.
I constantly get mail from comcast at my apartment telling me about great deals for new subscribers... I already have comcast.
needs more syndra
The audio is extremely quiet, you should see about making it louder for future videos.

Haven't seen a Misery running an AC20 myself, but it looks like a solid build.
Sniper build is definitely viable as well, but I prefer the 5J with PPC's and JJ's for sniping (Although the Blackjack is arguably the better medium jump sniper now).
advice duck is the real cringe
One thing they have been very faithful to is era-specific variants.
A Death's Knell *with jumpjets*
Purely cosmetic and sold for SC, maybe?
Meh, I generally dislike going to a game's official forums. I prefer reddit for a number of reasons. If anything, the removal of GD will only make this subreddit more active and I'd prefer to just come here.
Yep, I had a lot of fun playing it for a while, and then I kind of just... stopped. MWO and Planetside 2 may have something to do with it, but Tribes wasn't getting the same level of attention.
hecarim patch never forget
possibly just a visual bug
You might like Blacklight: Retribution
Pretty sure that must be a TBT-7M you're talking about, 5J has 5 energy and only 1 missile hardpoint.
So it's essentially about not wanting to wait two seconds for normal fullscreen. Unless you really really need to check reddit in the middle of a battle, I really don't see this as a big issue. I understand that they should fix it as it is a bug but it seems extremely low priority to me.
Ok right but what's the problem with using normal fullscreen mode?
So what exactly is the problem with just using normal fullscreen then? Waiting two seconds for the game to restore?
Needs more brooklyn summer ale
You can alt-tab out of it fine in normal fullscreen mode, what's the issue here?
except that riot hires competent web designers.
In most places it is.
complaining about downvotes is also a surefire way to get more downvotes.
brb transferring to helios
Reloaded was a decent action flick, but lacked depth. Revolution had a great opportunity but was overall confusing instead of providing a truly satisfactory resolution.
you only need 10 of one type, even after making a full set of sabers and jungle armor you'll probably still have more gems than you know what to do with.
I'll allow it.
looks nice, although I generally keep the nurse in my main quarters for quick heals if I have to mirror out of a tough spot (i.e. lava)
probably just built the entire thing around it.
It was a lot better than the LMG, then they did the recoil update, now the reg LMG is better. The cycle of buffs and nerfs continues...
Indeed, sometimes it's better to give it to top lane (on blue side anyway).

It definitely depends on the champions, and if I was playing a heavy mana/gank jungler like maokai I would be more likely to take the second blue.
depends both on the jungle and mid champions. If it's a lux or anivia or something like that mid, almost everytime. Most junglers don't really need blue after the first clear, although if I'm playing maokai or amumu and it's a  less CDR/mana dependent mid then I would take second blue.

I'd rather have the mid have enough mana to get the kill over me having to back an extra time.
There are exceptions of course, see my [reply](http://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1c4l05/lucidity_boots_20_cdr/c9czt08) to /u/Zerthin
Obviously there are exceptions, and I'd probably take it/give it to toplane if the mid is manaless as well.

But if I think they've got a good chance of surviving the duration of the buff I will definitely give it to them (barring madred's proc/red buff snafu's)
junglers who want to win give their mids blue buff.

source: I'm a jungler
I hardly ever see people even mention honor anymore... most people seem to have forgotten/don't care anymore.
No, pretty sure it's the mods. Every change to the subreddit style seems to make it harder to use.
These gems are truly, truly, truly outrageous.
yeah but LCS has free 720p... can't beat that.
You probably want to upgrade to DHS but not endo, stalkers notoriously run hot.

4x SRM6 + 6x MLAS + biggest engine you can fit = a popular brawling build.

I personally run mine a little slower with two LPLAS and 4 SRM6's.
Harpoon is also useful if you don't have a good boomerang.
extremely tempting, but the fact that I would have to spend **over** $30 in MC kind of puts a damper on that. You can get quite a lot of beer for that money.
(US) copyright is life of the author(s) + 70 years, so Elvis won't be public domain for a while.
Wall of Flesh is incredibly easy with a little preparation.
werewolves do show up on PC, only in hardmode however.
Today's version of ice soap
SSRM's are OK but since they're in the arm, you can get by with SRM2's for a ton lighter. For ballistics, AC/20, UAC/5 and Gauss are probably the best choices.

My build of choice:
XL 300, DHS, Endo
ERPPCx1
UAC5x1 (3t ammo)
SRM2x2 (1t ammo)
Good. There's not much point to a wiki if the community can't add to it.
So why not just build it yourself with one of [these](http://www.lian-li.com/v2/en/product/product06.php?pr_index=610&cl_index=1&sc_index=25&ss_index=63)?
I used a puma for solaris, unstoppable as long as you were accurate. Cougar was better for missions though
why do you have two heavies and no lights in there?
initial founders mechs had one of each weight class
AMS is not designed to completely counter missiles (see: ECM), but rather reduce damage from LRM's when you can't get into cover. No, it will not save you from multiple barrages of LRM20's, but yes, it does help enough to be worth 1.5 tons on some mechs.
I predict you break your no MC rule when the hero Cicada comes out.
It's the nature of free-to-play, though, and part of the cost of continuous content generation. Look at other F2P games - it's never been intended for you to be able to "catch-em-all". You wouldn't end up using every 'Mech even if you did have them all - some will be your favorites and others will be forgotten.

A game like Skyrim is finished when it comes out, and doesn't require additional work. If they do decide to add more content, it comes in the form of paid DLC/expansions ($45 for all the currently available Skyrim DLC on Steam). Otherwise, they can go ahead and get started with Elder Scrolls VI whenever they want. PGI will to continually support MWO as long as it is financially viable for them. 


Let me put out a scenario here for you:
The total cost for Skyrim+DLC is $105 if you don't get it on sale. All of the currently available hero 'Mechs are $130, and bays for every mech are another $86, totaling $216 (rounded to the nearest USD). After that, only 350 hours stand between you and all the content in the game, less if you use your hero 'Mechs a lot. 

Most people aren't going to play that much. But most people aren't going to buy all the hero 'Mechs and mechbays for every mech. Some people will, sure, but they have to make up for the completely free players as well. The average paying player might buy a hero 'Mech and some mechbays, along with a sweet phranken pattern for his Cataphracts. Some nice content that will keep you going for a while. So maybe $50-$60 now, and then another $30 when the clan invasion starts for a Timber Wolf and an Urbanmech bobblehad. Many people buy even less than that, and choose to grind most of the content they want. To me, $105 for Skyrim doesn't sound that cheap anymore.
hah yeah the outfit alone reminded me of "Show Me Your Genitals"
They absolutely took beta feedback and sometimes were too hard with the nerf bat (i.e. infiltrators not getting shotguns, but SMGs are OK now). 

I won't make an extensive argument as to the niche for the skyguard, since several good ones have already been posted. It will suffice to say that in it's current state the skyguard still fills the niche of mobile AA and is a very good support fire unit in an armor column.
Skyguard was incredibly OP then, which led to it being nerfed (*maybe*) a little too hard. However, currently air and AA are relatively balanced now compared to beta, so I wouldn't expect many buffs any time soon.
OP was clearly not in the beta
probably used to LoL where the reddit is actually more informative than the website.
Hindus still got their panties in a twist
Meh even just ghostcapping will net you at least 20 an hour.
neon phranken ftw
yeah but it was kind of made redundant/obsolete for most champs with the reworked black cleaver.
because the game would always freeze during the elevator sequences in ME1
I think the most useful modules for general use are sensor range and target info gathering. 

360 targeting is useful on brawlers, not so much on snipers. Target decay is the reverse.

Adv. Zoom probably needs a buff, it's not much better (and arguably worse in some cases) than the standard 3x zoom.

Capture assist is nice if you play a light or a lot of conquest but otherwise I would recommend using your GXP elsewhere first.
nice, thanks.
Has this been confirmed?
Maybe this will shut up some of the people that say PGI never listens.
Giraffe camo matching set is 1500sc exactly.
Temperate chaparral  is also definitely improved
I also got "surface to air" xp when I crashed my reaver into a liberator this morning.
only because everyone's tanks get blown up first.
>you shouldn't have to go to the internet to gain access to basic game info

clearly you've never played minecraft.
I wouldn't exactly call it p2w, but the prices are a bit high for both in-game and real currency. 

Infantry plays pretty well with the default weapons for most factions, but stock vehicles get left in the dust by upgraded ones.
He's not in that bad of a spot, he just has weird scaling (i.e. scales with almost every stat just not particularly well with most of them) and his Q probably needs to be looked at. If they also buff his jungle clear time I won't complain, but he's pretty strong vs. melee top lanes.
I've seen this happen before with Cho'Gath and Alistar's knockup as well.
Silt striders, bro.
Yeah, but *usually* they don't release the champion spotlight unless the champion will be available in the next 24 hours.
I set it to all regions and everything, still no match after like 10 minutes :/
Makes MWO's matchmaker problems not seem as bad :P
misread that as 3633... my bad.
Nope, you got that backwards. Battlemaster is unseen ~~and isn't produced until 3068~~, Mauler would be 100% OK for MWO.
True, but I mostly end up with a SSRM2 for anti-light weaponry since the thing is so slow. I think the IM makes up for that with the arm-mounted laser and being faster.

Maybe I should try putting the LRM5 back in my 4X
>if somebody lands on a property and doesn't buy it

when does that ever happen?
I think camo patterns should at least be permanent unlocks for that variant
Considering most griefers probably just use trial mechs anyway...
I wish we could have marauders :(
heh, looks like my 4X will be all but obsolete... I knew I should've got the 2x first...
unless you've never bought MC, in which case they're bugged.
This is happening to me as well, on both hunchback with PC gamer skin and Cataphract with default
what does that have to do with anything? (assuming you are talking about  PC specs)
Even if there are a million potential mac users, that's only a 3% increase compared to the PC user base.
>wahhh organized teams are ruining this team game that we want to play solo!

League of Legends deals with this problem by having separate queues for solo/duo and full teams (for ranked matches at least). MWO would benefit from something similar - sometimes it's easier/faster to just play solo than getting a group together only for 1-2 games.
Must be something about the 670 -  my friend gets around 30fps with an i7 and a 670, yet my theoretically inferior i5/560 system gets 60fps. 
True, although I mainly run the 4SP so a lost side isn't as detrimental to firepower, and it makes a decent zombie. You're probably right about the "normal" hunchies however.
IMO giving up the 2 SRM6's is too big a hit for firepower unless you're putting in LRMs. I put a 240 engine in mine and that gives me enough space for 2 SRM6, 5 MLAS & AMS. Gotta be somewhat careful with heat, but it shouldn't be a problem if you space out your laser blasts. Not as fast but if I wanted a faster medium I'd drive a cent.
I don't think XL engines are that good on hunchies, since your side torso will almost always get focused.
the cooldown on W is fine, seeing as you can reduce it by hitting enemies with E. More damage from shadow hits and some small energy cost reductions are all he needs.
you give up too much damage if you get frozen mallet, and honestly chasing shouldn't be an issue - you should be killing them before they get a real chance to run.
His clear times are actually really fast since E has such a low cooldown, and his ganks are passable once you hit 6, it's really just the lack of sustain that makes him sub-optimal.

That build looks like it would work just as well for top lane, although in either case I would only get 1-2 doran's.
perhaps they should release hero mechs initially for MC only, but allow C-bill purchase after a period of time and people who bought them with MC have had a chance to enjoy some exclusivity.
yeah but single player was the best part of those games anyway. That's what I played em for anyway. Jedi Outcast multiplayer on the other hand... things got crazy.
meh, I've played every other MW game with a joystick but I had no problem switching over to mouse for this one.
Ziggs also has better AA range than several AD carries. 
It's got pretty good range, but not as far as you can get with, say, Jarvan or Lee Sin. Might be interesting to see a comparison vs. Shen.
Seems to have broken for me, was working perfectly before but now it's back to showing me the new theme
>Making the old theme the default would kill off the new theme in a heartbeat.

Good.
mods are pretty much ignoring the fact that its shitty and only responding to people who "like" it.
Why are you only responding to people who like the new theme? [This comment](http://dd.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/12yoim/the_official_subreddit_theme_feedback_thread/c6z8yf6) has been at the top for some time now and makes good, constructive points, yet you refuse to reply to it.
The old one wasn't intrusive. This one is in-your-face ugly.
It's garish and hard to read for longer than 30 seconds. It also messes with RES and makes it hard to tell who replied to who. The font is terrible, the header looks like it was done by a 15 year old in his free period, and most of all the old style was much more readable and fitting.
Great, maybe now you can reply to some of the comments that actually got upvoted.
Great, now give us the old theme back.
At least give us the old theme back as an option. It was nice and minimal yet effective.
Please bring the old style back, it was much cleaner/nicer. The new one is overdone, garish, and hard to read. And put the logo back on the left! 

Who designed this, a 5th grader?
Please bring the old layout back, at least as an option. The new one is garish and hard to read.
Still no evacuation? What's that, 3 months delayed now? 

I think all the devs are playing Planetside2
they are good but have incredibly steep range fall-off. However, close range you can get a OHK with a headshot. The shotgun is considered to be a top 3 secondary along with the machine pistol and revolver.

The Sar-k is fun but overall the regular shotgun is better due to its faster kill time, but what secondary you choose should also be dictated by your primary for that loadout.

edit: corrected sidearm to secondary
Orianna's shield does do damage. I also don't see you complaining about Leona's W.
>I prob WONT post EVERY game on this reddit. I will be doing a highlight video every 10 games or so and once the series is a little more established i'll just post the Highlight video on here with links to each individual game

so don't. people might be more willing to watch if you condensed the content a little. People want stellar gameplay and/or insightful commentary. Pretty much everyone that's on this subreddit knows what   level 1-10 is like.
not bad, but might be more useful if you used the stock AR vs. the HAR (I know that HAR spread is more predictable, but everyone has the AR).
Also echoes of AP sion
You always need 1 slot for the crowbar
dude, punctuation is your friend.
Agree with everything except that Toxic nade can be extremely useful for area denial in Domination and KOTH - it will also kill players inside hardsuits. Overall an explosive nade is more effective, but if you can have both a tox nade is great situationally.
It's more challenging since everyone is on a higher level of precision as well. Although if I could play BF3 vs. console players I probably would clean house.
Gonna be straight with you: most people here are probably interested in watching higher-level play, not noobs stomping other noobs.
I specifically named genres in which a mouse/keyboard control scheme is superior. You're implying that consoles actually have "strengths" over PC in some areas, what are they?
A (proper) mouse is much, MUCH more precise than a thumbstick. I didn't have a rumble pak growing up so I can't say I especially miss it. You actually AIM better with a thumbstick? While dealing with acceleration and the like? I doubt it. Not to mention the fact you only have your thumbs rather than your entire hand, a mouse is much easier to control accurately and precisely.
Until consoles can be operated with a mouse and keyboard, they will *always* be inferior for some gametypes, most notably MMOs and FPS's.
The LMG is somewhat of a niche weapon and better used when you are in position beforehand and able to crouch. Even with the lowest possible recoil, its real advantage is high damage and being able to put a lot of lead in the air, not accuracy.

If you like the HAR, use it. I personally prefer the standard AR, but it is a good weapon if you get used to it. You also have to be more careful with ammo, of course.

Have you tried the burstfire rifle? I have mine down to .01 ADS spread (with tag) and the recoil is less than a comparable assault rifle. Not as satisfying in the way the LMG is, but more versatile and highly accurate.
You can try the [manual patch](http://blacklight-forum.perfectworld.com/showthread.php?t=404911).
remember that all Star Wars movies are rated PG except for Episode III, which is only PG-13. 

Just remember to never enable g_saberrealisticcombat when you play Jedi Outcast.
Personally I found the killhouse pretty mediocre due to its odd scope and high spread, but I am also comparing that to my custom BFR. Shotgun is a shotgun, although it would be nice if it had the foregrip.
try entering it manually after you set up your raptr account
The shotgun is nice since it has the express mags, but the BFR is pretty lackluster - it has more spread than a stock BFR, and it just feels generally inaccurate (Maybe because I'm used to my .01 spread bfr). I also don't like the scope on it much, but that's preference.
None of the "new" receivers can be GP-permed yet either, even though HAR has been out for some time. Do not underestimate the greed of PWE.
I believe they actually started out with Vin Diesel, but people know Chuck Norris better.
I see plenty of people doing well with light builds, and it's quite helpful to have a light or two on your team for CTF. Light builds are widely regarded as being underpowered, but certainly not useless. 

Also, a lot of people use SMG builds that do less than 50dmg - the ROF more than makes up for it. The 50dmg number is good when a lot of people are running around with the default build, but when more people have over 200hp, it's going to take 5 shots most of the time anyway - and almost no one runs a full 250hp, 222 and 242hp are the most common builds I see.

What the game really needs is some form of matchmaking.
Pretty sure it's a heavy Hellboy reference as well.

edit: it's definitely a hellboy reference, for the haters: [ [Galio's Gatekeeper] skin resembles Hellboy, a hero from Dark Horse Comics, due to his red skin, giant fists, demon horns, and chonmage hairstyle. His wings are the only contradiction to the likeness of Hellboy.](http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Galio_the_Sentinel's_Sorrow/SkinsTrivia)


Vayne's tumble already has this. Broken wings does NOT follow your cursor, Valor does. Broken wings will go either towards an enemy that you have your cursor over, or will go in the **direction Riven is facing** if you do not highlight an enemy. These abilities all have short ranges, and since you want to use them quickly a range indicator is really not necessary.
I think you mean [Jareth, Leonine Titan](http://magiccards.info/scans/en/on/43.jpg).

I feel old :/
It does seem odd that they seemingly wanted him to be a caster/carry, but only gave him the tools to be an AD. 
so he's basically a more badass volibear with a talon-esque ultimate. awesome.
I'm gonna go with man-bear-tiger.
I think Twisted Fate really needs it more, both his spells and model look really out of date next to champions like Jayce and Diana.
Try playing on one of the harder difficulties, where almost every enemy gains armor.
more people are noticing how strong he is now, I hope they don't buff him into becoming FOTM. We'll never get to have a SSoHP.
you used that trollface too early. Who's that Taric? dude looks pro as hell
Fizz is strongest when played AP mid, with an emphasis on ganking. He has strong re-positioning skills; but since he needs to be in melee range to deal almost all of his damage, he requires good timing with these skills to stay alive and be effective. 

Lich Bane is generally considered to be a core item on him, since he needs to auto-attack as well as his Q applying on-hit effects. The movement speed is also nice, as mobility is one of Fizz's greatest assets. Rod of Ages used to be built often on him, but has fallen out of favor since it delays your lich bane - players now usually prefer 2-3 Doran's rings. Zhonya's Hourglass, Rabadon's Deathcap, and Guardian Angel are other items worth considering. 

His ultimate is a very strong ganking tool and is extremely effective at picking a target off - just take care to actually hit someone with it. 

He's not played as much because melee champions generally have trouble farming against ranged opponents, but he does well against mages that are reliant on skillshots or that can be assassinated quickly. He also does quite well against Vladimir in lane due to his healing debuff.  Ryze is often considered to be one of Fizz's worst matchups due to his instant, targeted CC and lack of skillshots. 

Overall Fizz is a strong champion who's also fun to play, and I recommend everyone try him out!
Drummers still get plenty of chicks. It's the bassists that are poor and lonely.
Be aggressive early. Vlad won't be able to trade effectively with Riven if you can get up close to him. Don't let him passively farm, because once Vlad gets lv9 the matchup will be much harder. 