Well you gotta convert it to Canadian Dollarydoos, which I think is like 4 Schrute Bucks
Don't forget the carpet munching
Disney congratulates Disney for making money. Wew ladd
"oh, yeah, Meek's dead. Stomped on him, and been carrying him around this whole time cuz I felt bad. Oh, he's alive!"
Subaru paint is thin AF. The smallest of rocks will chip that shit away. And the swirls. And microscratches.

Bleh, you'll come to accept it.
Oh. Then yeah, that tickled
Naw. The grips on those are usually isolated. Like if you go to jump a car, the connectors can spark, but that doesn't transfer through your hands.
"Drink verification can to continue"
But going on a heated rant on live national television via phone... That's a keeper 👌
So what happens once the borders are opened, and people are allowed into NK? Surely we'd uncover all the horrors that have been kept hidden, and somebody would be held responsible for the actions of the NK government for the last 60 years.
Vision for suprise stabbed in the chest
She'll come back. Vision and Loki will probably stay dead though.
#feelsbadman
I think the prevailing theory is for the OG Avengers to get the spotlight, now that there's ~80 major characters in the MCU.
A big send off / passing of the torch kinda thing.
Get more clients. Not every business thrives exclusively on mobile. Desktops & laptops are still everywhere.

Hell, even large iPads are essentially desktops, page size wise.
He didn't say that at all...
It smells like shit when it's fresh. Can't imagine the smell when it's stale
So how is this different from Photoshop's content-aware fill that's been around for years?
👍
Cool story bro, tell it to your vape friends.
...why are you in this sub?
Well, guess you should have gotten a PC.
Yeah, I mean don't get me wrong I love tinkering in windows, I've built more systems than I can count. But it just gets annoying. Like I just did a fresh install to fix some registry bugs, and shit still gets funky for no reason. Tired of dealing with it.


I developed on a windows system for 4 years, and I'm 6 months into an Os x environment. It is nice.
I work on an imac for work, have two built PC's at home.

It's nice not having random errors, bugs, crashes, etc all the time for no good reason.

Plus as a developer, the ecosystem is more saturated than windows, and it's just easier to do shit.
Saw the film last night, it was fucking hilarious.

Can't wait to see what comes next from Broken Lizard. There hasn't been a film I haven't loved.
Just to be clear, you're aware that RT is state sponsored media, right?

Russia has a lot of reasons to claim the attack didn't happen.
"Man changes mind, and must now be sentenced to death. More at 9."
How is this not just MFC-Lite.
"Like ohemgee did you guys notice my boooobs? XD"
Possum! Give me shreddies!  


Reeeeeeeee!
Are they gimps? Or furrys..?

...fimps? Gurrys?
My office just had the sprinkler system flushed, and that shit smells like ass when it's fresh. Let alone stagnant.

Oooof
That's hilarious and all, but lets zoom back out to that Audi wagon. Hnnng.

If only it could exist in Freedom Land.
This picture is old AF. Old school Mac pro, thick ass monitor
Don't know why you need to downvote me for that, but k.
Damn, that's a legit costume. Any idea who made it?
The Padawan rattail is icing on the MLP cake.
Do warehouse employee's not realize that there are labor laws? That they have rights...?


Or are they just so scare of losing their jobs that they'll do literally anything a Superior says?
If he keeps making petty comments like what's been found in his book, it won't go well for him.

Guy had the chance to help fix the shitty mess in this country, and he decided to write excerpts about the guys hands and tan.
This website is pure mobile cancer.
I think it's usually suspended from the ceiling
Jesus, I couldn't imagine paying more than $1000 in rent. Just burning money at that point.
The shadow is due to the distance of the frame to the wall. It wouldn't appear like that on a framed painting.
Fuck the car, look at that houseeeeee
Idk, the way I see it, it's the parents responsibility at this point. If a kid ends up on a porn website, is it the fault of that porn website? No, because that would be stupid.
/r/thathappened
This is bit misleading... And seems like a stretch.

Sure, this could be the reason they didn't tarrif the clothing industry, but it's more likely for the reasons explained.
Got eem
No way this show would get the amount of time that LOTR had to plan and produce everything needed for an epic.

This is going to be rushed out the door because Amazon wants their own game of thrones.
Can I just say how fucking stupid it is, that I have to go dig up online what this game mode is, because they can't just tell us in-game?  

Really fucking stupid.
$50K, and the front is still covered in that garbage matte plastic. Why Subaru, whyyy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KquFZYi6L0

See you Friday :)
Fuck the blues!
I made the switch to use Firefox over chrome on OSX, but chrome has waaaay better mobile emulation tools. 

Also, why can't I increment a number up/down with the arrow keys on Firefox? Ugh. It's the little things.
Thanks for clearing it up. I understand your point.
"...if they cover the story at all."

You being serious right now?
Pretty sure I bought that shirt back in high school. Shits funny yo
What point are you trying to make?
Can Marchand just be barred from the NHL now?

Seriously, how many players have to be seriously injured before something is done about this cock sucker?
Solid response.
You know, not all kids in high school are brain dead morons.

Them being able to use words doesn't make them coached, or fake.
Disagreement is fine. Being an asshole because they don't agree with you isn't. Just makes you seem ignorant.

Also, this movement is fabricated..? What are you even trying to imply? That these people don't actually care about the issue? That it's all a ruse..?
Pretty genius way to crowdsource AI training.
Ha, sucks to suck nerdssssss.


Shit, sorry. It's a habit...
Exactly my point.
It's almost as if there's been more than one school shooting...
Man, this is the morale booster the Hawks have needed for months.
"DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY SPECIES?!"

- Her immediately after
/r/youtubehaiku has Wednesdays cemented pretty firmly. We don't forgetti.
Facebook might have your data, but Snapchat has your nudes. Check mate, athiests.
Lik dis if u cry evertim :'(
Cool, but what a terrible UI. There isn't a single bit of digestible content in there, it's like information vomited onto a screen.
Why would you buy an aluminum pad lock
Mattias is the only person I like being in the cabinet. Hopefully he can control this shit.
Because shhh, read the title and move on.

Or something like that.
It's pretty dope on Android imo, won my first 4 matches. I feel like I'm the only person using the gyroscope for aiming.
How smalls your dick gotta be to bring your rifle to a protest? 

Yeah, that'll change their minds.
I fail to see a conspiracy here. You're best posting this to something like T_D, if you haven't already been banned from it.
It's funny how nobody cared about any of this until Robert Muller needed to be smeared.
And car's weren't designed for the sole purpose of killing things efficiently.
How is this a promo?  

Fuck off mods, you're all literally retarded.
This is pretty old, and I'm not sure what it has to do with this sub
It's understandable to see skepticism in the comments, but the amount of people yelling and screaming theories, when they have zero technical understanding of anything involved here is kind of hilarious.
Investigators might not be ready to tell the whole story. The whole story might not have been fully reconstructed yet.
It might be that he mentally put himself in a place to feel the emotion needed for the scene, and that emotion carried on after they cut.
So I'm seeing this from every tech website, saying $200 off for financing, but I see nothing another about this on Google's own website, even after qualifying for financing.

I'd like to jump at this, but I want to make sure i get this deal before I make the purchase lol
Dope.
Good.
Laptops and desktops are the same from a programming perspective. Mobile is a different ballpark.
What is a laptop test..?
Was going to comment on how stupid it is to deep fry anything on a grill, but it's okay, OP has a fire blanket.

Seriously though, what's the obsession with charcoal grills on this sub as of late..?
Your comment doesn't make any sense...
You say they sell your info. Then you say JK, they actually sell your info.  


What?
I don't think you know what the word vendor means
They do this for any state sponsered news outlet
My mind was opened pretty wide when I learned about Obama's secret agenda to turn the frogs gay.
Yeah, the sign guy probably pulled a gun out of his ass, and quickly tucked back in his cheeks between cuts.
It's not anorexia if it comes out your butt!
A majority of the country was pretty fucking racist in the 50's. Pretty stupid gripe to have with the company.
Lol, you think being given to much food is a horrifying experience? Jesus Christ you're fragile. Also, you don't have to wear the wristband. Disney police isn't going to break your legs for taking it off. 

Jesus, you need help.
And my axe!
Friendship ended with Russia.  

Now Germany is my best friend.
Yeah, stupid fucking kids, not wanting to be murdered.
When will they learn, amirite?!  

/s
Okay, that might have stopped this shooting. But what about the other couple hundred?
But muh conspiracy spinnnn
If he fires Mattias, he'll lose a big chunk of military support.
Well that there is a pocket pussy
Yeah, see, that's not how the US Justice system works. You're acting just as bad as the people you despise. Sooo
I feel like the average Trump support gets off to the thought of torturing what they perceive to be terrorists. So this is probably another plus.
Russian penis is'a so bigggg , us American has'a such tiny penisssuh.
Caaaaaaaarllllllll
Your right, a solution exists that you like, better shut it all down folks. No need for any more innovation. We've peaked. Close all companies that aren't Samsung.
He wasn't a DJ, he had his own talk show. It was fucking atrocious. 
Like if a 14 year old from T_D got his own radio show.
This is the most depressing thing ever in Chicago. We have 1 station left that plays classic rock.
The fog lights are always just aesthetic. They don't really produce any usable light from the factory.
Did they meet at the dmz?
That is an ugly, gross child.
I think you missed the "but" in his comment.
Every arc in season 4 was fantastic imo. It felt like 3 different seasons.
Yeah you're right, you can see it on the bar in the first few frames.

It makes sense, but I wasn sure how good using a strap was at such a high weight, since you can't just let go of the bar.
I saw an article about this on Vulture, and literally the first sentence points out that disney hired yet another white man to lead a star wars project.

They can go fuck themselves in the dick with that kind of bull shit logic.
I'm honestly amazed people can strengthen their hands enough to hold that weight. 

Unless he's got wrist straps I don't see, but even then. Fuck.
I really hope they keep it alive somewhere. It's been so damn good as of late, would be a shame to cancel it.
Pft, reading is for nerdssss. The headline is where it's at.
You can go online, and buy all the crap you need to look like a swat officer while shooting up a place.
Or maybe the rules should just be open to some sort of flexibility. 
Well apparently the rules in this sub are treated as black and white.

Mods must be filthy sith, as only they deal in absolutes.
He murdered an immigrant to stop all the murderous immigrants. 

Sound logic 👍
Rwj was always garbage Imo. Hated his channel.
Man every time I see a clean hatch, I regret buying a 2015.
Man, Cotton Hill was like half way to having legs again. If only they reattached his feet backwards.
OP is a big fat phony
It clearly doesn't mean getting in the way of me an muh guns gawd dammit. Go background check your mom.

Or something like that.
A standing ovation? Bit overly dramatic there, don't you think?
If you're disabling page JavaScript just because you're annoyed at a pop-up (which yeah, popups are dumb), you're basically killing an ant with a bomb.

And yeah, the page content will probably be viewable if it's an article or something. But still, dumb.
Disabling JavaScript on the web in 2018 is a really stupid idea, unless you didn't actually want to get anywhere or do anything.

Sauce: Am developer.
Unpopular opinion time:

I started with Witcher 3, and I could not stand his voice. I don't know why, just some about it really turned me off.

I'm sorry, downvote me away fam :/
Unpopular opinion time:

I started with Witcher 3, and I could not stand his voice. I don't know why, just some about it really turned me off.

I'm sorry, downvote me away fam :/
I think your having a stroke m8. 

Rip
Except that's not what caused Snapchat value to dip. But good job reading past the headlines m8
I'm really really hoping they make a second phone. OLED and a good camera and I'm soooold.
Man I had a friend lose his front lip in the snow, I can't imagine adding a thin spliter lol. Risky Business right there.
There's a difference between designing a UI/UX, and designing a GOOD UI/UX.

Any developer can slap a page together, doesn't mean they have the best eye for design and detail.
Pretty risky driving around in the winter with a hilariously large front splitter.

That's gotta be a bit nerve racking lol
Eh, sometimes the longer videos struggle to keep my attention towards the end. Something with the rate at which he talks about the topic and how many topics he hits just kinda loses me.

Just my opinion though. <3 you Phil
If it makes you feel better, theses kinds of people are a vast minority, regardless of how prevalent they seem to be on the internet
This is the dumbest comment I've read today.
Idk, bought it 3 months ago
Don't get me wrong, I love this display. It's fantastic. It just struggles hard on dark scenes, for example half the cut scenes in Shadow of War. The color banding is atrocious in dark scenes, and that sucks.

That's why I said it wouldn't be great for watching movies. Outside of that, it's great.
You don't really want this monitor for watching movies. It's a tn panel with terrible color reproduction.

Dark scenes are a hodgepodge of grey blobs. The only downside to these displays really.
And all of those phones are boring. You're point?
They look exactly the same as the S8's.

Revolutionary
This kind of comment makes me feel good, because I always saw it as I'm garbage compared to actual programmers, because I decided to become real good at CSS & front end in general.

Although I just started a new gig as a front end dev, and the senior dev I work under has asked me a 100 css questions already lol.
This is amazing.
Which would soon be followed by The Memo 2: Electric Boogaloo.
Well Oxford is a college, and it's just common knowledge that colleges are breeding grounds for libcucks snowflake safe spaces, or something like that.

Therefore, this is fake news?
Man I hate Phyllis. What a terrible human being.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su-HUDo7XQ4
Modelle as in, a rough mock designed in cad software? Because that "model" couldn't do anything in a game engine, other than being a 10-poly shape.
Beats being shot to death in class I suppose.
Okay, so they can assault rifles. Guess they'll have to go back to using pistols, which will kill just as many people.
Been posted a lot, it's staged.
Well, at least we had that sweet hit from Hartman.

https://streamable.com/rqw7y
Awesome, didn't know that was a thing. Thank you.
Off topic, but how did you get widgets for your nest cameras?
Pretty terrible cut out, OP. Did you use Paint?
Where'd you get the table legs? Any wobble?
I got some from Menards and they're such shit
Yeah there was a big group of these types of joints that got shut down for prostitution. I wanna say it was in Seattle? Idk, too lazy to google
There's got to be a lot of medical information here that's not being made public, because a healthy adult doesn't just drop dead from the Flu. She had to have had a pre-existing condition, and no flu medication would have prevented this.

This article appears to be crafted to use this woman's death as a pawn to hammer health insurance companies, which is pretty shitty.
Fucking hell. They basically have to up and move now. That's terrifying.
It's not
Maybe the team should bow out the rest of the season, get some more rest that they apparently need, and give Bowman some time to figure this shit out.
Well I'm surprised that the bearing hasn't failed yet, it's not meant to withstand that kind of force. It's pretty cheap plastic.


GG
How to destroy your mouse 101
But muh clicks, must trigger those who hate womanz
Oh shit it's John Taffa, you gon' shut this place down of what
10 games? That looks like fucking assault. He should pursue criminal charges.

Not only did he punch him in the back of the head, but to drive his knee down into his head as well? Fuck you.
Yesterday, that picture would have been obviously fake.

Crazy.
Just waiting to here the "this is Obama's fault" spin
Last time I checked, only two teams play in the Superbowl. That leaves an awful lot of other team's Fans that need something to root for.
Upload PNG's to social media sites, they're lossless 👍
Hey hey, I did my dissertation on this tech.
Wait, there's already a season 2? I saw season 1 on Netflix and figured that was it.

Sheeeeit
You know, bettman was saying that he wanted to reduce goalie interference calls.

Let's just blame him.
I was so excited when pre-orders dropped with 4 new sub races.

Then, after buying it, I realized I didn't have the rep yet to play the new races.

Am sad now.
Dat 2 step tho
What If it causes the person unimaginable pain before they die?
That might suck.
Probably ran it until it seized. Then it's GG M8
No, it's not.
No, it's not. If this ISP owned ESPN, and was offering it to customers for free and with higher bandwidth priority (fast lane), then it would be discriminating against competing services.

If my local hotdog vendor offers to give me a free coke for buying a hotdog, it's not discriminating against Pepsi if I can still buy it.
Yeah I tried an app that did bubbles for like all messaging apps, was nowhere near as good
So they're giving you access to a paid service, ESPN, and I can only assume the Netflix bit is saying their provided speeds are up to a standard that Netflix says are optimal for streaming.

What am I missing?
They do in Indiana
What qualifies a 23 year FBI agent as swampy?  


Who decides which government employees are swampy and which aren't? You?
Well yeah, Trump apparently wanted him gone for a year now. Dem gosh darn democratsss
Malort: because these pants aren't going to shit themselves.
1776 Massachusetts probably didn't have to worry about somebody going into a ye olde school and murdering all of the children with some sort of musket that can reload itself instantly.

No but really though, dumb statements that boil down complex issues like this do nothing to help.
Is that the one that talks with the super weird inflections
Not missing much. It's always great when your drunk at 2am, but their food is disgusting. Everything is just soaked in grease.
You sound butthurt
These devices still don't have Oreo?

And to think I was interested in the S9 over a pixel 2
.#richpeopleproblems..?
Expensive AF, but the furnishings are really nice.

Buying a house in valpo would be cheaper than the rent at the lakes.
And their base fucking loves it.
4chan
You're disappointed that a legion Patch didn't contain content for the new expansion..?
My freedom sound like a muffled fart compared to my older wired Bose IE2's, maybe I should upgrade them to the X3's.
They're the same construction as those shitty Ikea tables that are made of cardboard.
Oh I'm sure pence signed up knowing he had a shot at the oval office. He's going full Frank Underwood.
I hope this was at least half a Billy Madison reference.
This just in, companies try to make money.

More at 9.
The nav on this site doesn't seem to be very responsive, took me a few taps to get it to trigger. And it simply won't trigger when I was on a sub page. Peculiar.
It was the only other thing in focus, taking up half the framing, so it would be slightly more difficult to not notice it.


This far into the show, you should be more familiar with how Esmail frames his shots.
But think of all the ad revenueeee
I'm not really seeing the prequel meme here...
The trick is to not rent shitty equipment from Comcast, especially since it cost more to rent for a year than to just buy your own damn hardware.
Factbox.tv..? What is this, the anti-brietbart..?

Could we maybe stick to sources that aren't blogs begging for money?
Yeah this reads a lot like something out of /r/thathappened
Don't worry, the people they have free pixels to don't get a warranty on their new phones. My friends replacement pixel, brand new, had the screen go out. But the warranty is carried over from his 6p which is expired, so he's SOL.
This already a thing in Indiana, how is it not in California?
People who sign petitions thinking they will do anything are just fucking retarded. Honestly.
Lololol, you're fucking retarded.
That's not how democracy and freedom of speech works, but okay.


"BUT MUH CONSTITUTION"
> If you were coming here for a potential hostage situation, why do you shoot some random guy at the door?

If they're responding to a potential hostage situation, why would they just assume the person at the door is random..? How does that make sense?

Shooting him, yeah that's a pretty fucking stupid reaction, but you honestly think the officers would just think "well hey there feller, watch out, there's a hostage situation right behind you!"
While we sharing recipes and insights, who here knows how I can replicate the holy Messiah that was Frito Lay's Taco Dip?


I need that in my life again...
Nothing in this scene needs to be explained. Don't get so offended that somebody likes something that you don't.
Was she later raped and stoned to death? Or is that more of an Iraq/Syria thing.
And install bloat that does the slowing down instead.
AMOLED and POLED distinctions refer to different components. Both displays are built the same.
Most modern oleds use active matrix displays, so it's mostly used as a marketing term. Same deal with LG's p-oled: the P refers to a plastic substrate that is used in the display, as opposed to glass. Also found in most modern displays.

In the end, most terms that make it to advertisement is just marketing fluff.
Pls. I'd love to see post and LD do a track together as well. That shit could be dope.
I thnk i just caught the autiosm
Aww man, no Emily? That sucks.
God o can't even fathom a person making a decision like this, and not even understanding interest.

I have a few store-branded cards for the discounts and rebates, but they never carry a balance. 

Shit, my CC never carried a balance until I got 0% APR for a year.
I went to a convention at their building in Detroit, and that place is a fucking maze. Especially trying to go up the main atrium.
Wait, so you're claiming that the FCC themselves generated fake comments in the names of others?

...do you have any sort of evidence of this claim? I mean we're all well aware of the fake comments that plagued the open commenting period. But the claims your making are pretty different...
That's gotta be the most awkward and uncomfortable thing to hold. Probably made out of pot metal. And I'm sure the hair is shitty Chinese garbage that'll start shedding.

Sauce: Worked for a legitimate make-up brush company.
I pay for 75 and I average 88. Don't down vote me because you had a different experience.
Comcast charges me zero fees for my internet. It's a flat $49.99/mo for 75mbps, with no extras ever.

I hate comcast as the next guy, but this isn't a problem I've ever had. I also don't rent equipment because that's a scam and a half, so that might be a factor.
Can we talk about the fucking push notification telling me I can get free pokecoins by switching to Sprint? Like really? They think I'm going to just up and change my fucking phone plan for some god damn pokecoins?
Jesus Christ, like, shit breaks. If they can't fix it, they'll refund you or give you a free ticket.

Why are these people so fucking angry...
I wasn't sure what the threshold was for an automatic recount, thanks.
I assumed a recount would be mandatory with how close the margin was. I don't think that's out of line.

His actions after a recount would be more telling.
I could foresee a large majority of those who supported Moore to refuse to accept these results in any fashion
"Who knew? Nobody knew. Trust me."
Gus is *art*
RIP Gus's stache
Got'dam, u/gusthedanger can spit hot fire with dem legs.

🔥🔥🔥
Why did they build their theme park on an island with an explosively active volcano..?

Bit of an oversight.
>1. Only 45% of people voted for him. 


What? Do you not know what unanimous means?  

"On February 13, 2017, the Senate unanimously confirmed Shulkin as the U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs in a 100–0 vote, making him the only cabinet nominee by President Trump to have unanimous consent"


Yeah, it happened in Trump's administration and he should bear some of the backlash, but you're just completely ignoring the perpetrator of what you're angry about. That's what I'm saying is stupid here.


>You sound like you enjoy being a victim.


Lol, you're argument skills would make you fit for the T_D crowd.
He was voted into his position. Everybody voted for him. But it's not his fault for his actions, or the fault of the people who approved him, it's only the fault of the person who nominated him?

Do you not see how this logical is just ignorant? Do you want to blame AIDS and cancer on Trump too? I don't like him either but this is just stupid.
Did anybody here read the actual article by politico, instead of this opinion piece? Unless Trump told him to do this, I don't see how the article can say it's his fault. This guy was unanimously voted in as secretary of the VA.

On another note, why is garbage bias media like shareblue still spammed here? We hate shit like brietbart, yet shill for this garbage on the other side of the coin.
They don't display cookie warnings because that want to seem like they care about your privacy.

The display the warnings because it's law in the EU, and if their website is being used by consumers in the EU, they have to conform.
...what does that have to do with my comment?

Is he supposed to not he upset, because it wasn't his own property that was reduced to ash? Even though all of his property was inside..?
Was surprised to see him being so light hearted about it, even if that's normal personality. Then he let down his wall.


That fucking sucks.
If there's ads and OP isn't getting paid, it's just demonitized. If it's deemed not suitable for ads, then no ads play at all.

So, maybe the status of the video has changed since you clicked it.
That channel is so obnoxious. They have the personalities of wet toilet paper.
The USB dongle is meant for power, not data transfer. There's no reason to upgrade it to 3.1/type c. Especially since there's no TVs on the market with type c connectors.

Ethernet adaptors already exist. implementing on into the Chromecast for the select few who would actually use just creates a larger Chromecast for everybody, which isn't what people want.
Probably just burglary.
It's a blog post on Forbes.

And Forbes itself is pretty hot garbage anyway.
...strike? You mean protest? Those are kinda different.
I have one of these, hot piece of plastic garbage. I mean I didn't expect much for the price, but I hoped it would be about tell time longer than a few years before dying.
We'll see, Flynn was a former member of the Obama administration, and we all know Obama was a secret evil Muslim (where's that birth certificate, Obama??), Therefore Flynn was just doing what Obama made him do via mind control.

/s if it wasn't obvious
Are you running super old equipment..? In an old building with a shitty cable connection? You know there's a whole lot of reasons your speed could be bad that don't equate to Comcast throttling you.
Where are you located..?
I pay Comcast for 75mbs and I'm almost always around 88mbs, regardless of what speed test or website I'm on.
>Shareholders think extracting every possible bit of revenue ~~from gamers with exploitative microtransactions~~ is good. 


FTFY. Making money is how businesses work, and if it's legal, they'll do it.
Oh well.
What's with the recent trend of cooking everything on a grill..?

I don't get it.
Yeah I tried to make my comments unique for this reason, looks less like robotic spam
I'm sure a lot of people in favor of net neutrality looked for something to copy/pasta because people are lazy.

So there's probably a lot of similar comments on both sides of the proposal.
This is a really shitty petition.  

For starters, asking for 4 different things in the title is a great way for it to not go anywhere. Address a single topic m8. Not 50.

And there's already a shit load of WH petitions on the topic, one of which has well over the required 100k signatures, maybe share that one.

And lastly, even if Trump responds to that petition in any sort of timely fashion, he can just respond by saying "I stand by the FCC chairman". In other words, he can just say no.
Almost sounds like they outsourcing work for free as an "application test" imo
I expected geese being savage.   
Am disappoint.
0/10, bad troll is bad.

Get a new fishing rod, your's is shit.
Something something "pizza"
Wow, if you need an over-engineered piece of technology that will simply pull the comforter back up for you, then you should probably reevaluate your life.

Also, pillow attached to the headboard with string? Jebus
Because those are the only factors that matter in a car 👍
Woo, advocating battery in response to a verbal altercation simply because the person is a "sjw".

Next level /r/cringe shit here.
Controversial? Says who? Who the hell could possibly be offended? As if there's never been violence and gore in a tv show before..??

The punisher was just as violent in DD season 2.

This is stupid and a non-story
Well that's just retardedly false. You think a city can replace their entire water main infrastructure in a month?
Idk man, that thumbnail and that intro tell me that this is just for the views. I also only got 20 seconds into the video before quitting sooo
If this is what creates a star, then every guitar instructor on the planet would be pumping out stars.


Is Reddit seriously going to act like we wanted to be part of the TPP, something the entire site was rallying against a year ago, simply because Trump backed us out of it?

Seriously..?
> (Hacking it to get a battery camera app is not something the majority of people can be arsed to do)

Hacking..? You mean, installing an APK?  
Such hacks. Much skill. Wow.
THE CHARCOAL WHORE
You don't seem do understand what the word "demonetize" means. If a video is demonetized, then no ads are going to appear on that video via YouTube's ad program. So neither YouTube nor the creator will make money off the video.
Or you could just not use a grill...
...why are half of these blocked out? What's the point? And there's a whole heap of software not on this list, so to claim "Every shorcut" seems overstated.
Defending somebody from allegations is fine. But they manor of which this person is defending him is just disgusting.
I believe they're called Pedophiles.
You should be loyal to your country, and it's people. Not to a single person.

sheeesh.
Old Republic pls
ITT: People freaking the fuck out over mercury without even watching the video.
He said the mercury was currently sitting around -1C, sooooo, at least you watched the video before bitching!
It took exactly 2 minutes to get to the answer. Sheesh. 

Do you require cliff notes for everything in your life?
I'm whining? lolz
RIP Gabe.
Literally too retarded to actually respond to.

Sorry that you lost /r/incels
The trade-in price for the XL 128gb is $410. The asking price on ebay is around $480. Take out Ebay's fee, plus cost to ship, and you're pretty much at a wash. 

A straight trade-in is just less hassle. That's why people would do it.
Ah well I think I found our problem here compadre. Your comment states:

>Except T_D isn't a **debate** subreddit nor ever claimed to be a neutral subreddit? It says it right in the side bar, don't be a tool. However news, world news, politics, etc, remove posts and ban users who have differing viewpoints from the alt left?

Did you intent to type the word "Default"? Also, pull your head out of your ass, it's not a good look on anyone.
Touché
How does that relate to what you posted? You're throwing a fit about subreddits that ban people for no reason, then champion a sub that does the exact same thing. Do you not understand how that makes you look stupid?
> Every subreddit that isn't heavily censored or moderated is always fairly conservative because mods don't ban them or remove their posts.

Except you just described T_D.
How did the Neanderthal survive without tendies?
Yeah this sub is pretty fucking retarded as of late. 
Yeah, attempting communications with people is soooo fucking stooooopid, bunch of gawd damn autists using words.

LOLAMIRITE? SO CRINGE!
Fetishizing antifi? VICE does documentary's on all kinds of organizations. [They just did one on a right wing militia 3 weeks ago.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7rJstUseKg)   
Where they fetishizing them as well..?
Well fuck my ass, I gotta get this game just for the campaign and cut scenes
Gotta strike while the iron is hot.
She can get be hacker girl for LoT. Nobody watches that anyways, right?
Check mate athiests..?
MMO = Massive Multiplayer Online.  
Servers can hold over 100 people, so that's kind of massive.  
It's a multiplayer-only game, so that's another check.  
And, obviously, it's online.

Sooooooo
Yeah, I paid $300 per for two tickets in 2015. It was worth it, but fuck it hurt my wallet.
I tried using a different web browser, Edge, and was told:
>"Tickets are not available together in the quantity you requested in this section at this time. Please try a different section, or fewer tickets."

But it gave me that response no matter what my options where...
Also, $99 for standing room? Holy shit that's expensive.


Edit: If anybody gives up, [they're on stubhub for only ~$56 above face value](https://www.stubhub.com/foo-fighters-tickets-foo-fighters-chicago-wrigley-field-7-29-2018/event/103265988/?sort=price+asc). Not bad, and that'll probably go up by next year.
Aaaaaand they're gone. Or the website is just fucked.
Well that's a weird turn of events. We helped bolster the Taliban to fight off Russian invasions during the Cold War. Now Russia is the one funding the Taliban.
Dear god I can not stand this man's inflection when he talks.

Just, why.
Nobody in this pictures knows how to wear a damn tie clip. Like you couldn't take a minute to Google it first?
I'm okay with that. I'm capable of discerning between content and advertisement, and I don't make spontaneous decisions based on content I consume.

But idk, that's just me. Keep on being terrified of Corporate America.
They're adding it as an option for hunched over races (Orcs and Trolls?). Being added to the barber shop in-game.
Doesn't sound all that special to me.
You just need to sacrifice your owner, so his son can absorb his power.

Or something like that.
For those angry at the Blackhawk's constant appearance in either the Winter Classic or Stadium Series, just remember: We're fucking awful in outdoor games (1-4).
How are you getting this resolution? Did Blizzard upload a 4k .mp4 somewhere?
Roll NE Priest so you can shadowmeld outta combat for some rezing and mana.
Idk bout you, but my relentless boner is still at 100%
Well, it's diverse in body types. And hair styles. And underwear?

That's all I got.
Man, you can't afford a damn bed frame? Shit's like $40 on amazon.

Get yo bed off the floor ya bums
Man this band went downhill so fast after their first few albums imo. So many great songs, then nothing.
o l d b o y e
I love that YouTube still puts in a fidget spinner loading icon when the video is about a fidget spinner
> According to the tailgating laws in Pennsylvania, drivers who fail to keep their distance from other vehicles in front of them receive a ticket for tailgating.


[Source](https://www.moyleslaw.com/practice-areas/auto-accidents/tailgating/) 

So, let me get this right. You think that if an Police Officers witnesses an infraction taking place, they should do nothing. And if that Officer decides to peruse that infraction, they're only doing so to harass and interrupt the offender?

Go back to /r/Sovereign_Citizens
It's great that the kid asked that question, but the rest of the kid's questions just sound like he's reeling off whatever cliffnotes his parent's prepared for him.
Sure, I agree. And all of that has nothing to do with the text I quoted, and my response.
Any idea if they still plan on moving some WRX/STI production to that plant? I heard that was the plan with Toyota moving production out of the plant. 

I could be totally wrong though, I get my info from the interwebs.
But none of these are from the films, sooooooooooooooooo

Edit: Yeah, I'm dumb. Was thinking none of these characters are main characters in any of the films.
K
> while I interrupt your commute

Then don't break traffic laws. It's not that difficult.

Edit: Y'all butthurt AF. 
> I remember being in a job interview and the guy turned me down because I told him I didn’t know the exact answer but I know I could google it and find it for you, he just laughed at me.

This is literally half my job. In a field like this, you have to be constantly learning new shit. And that requires a whole lot of googling. Sounds like that interviewer is just an asshat.
You loved Spiderman 3? Really though?
I bet they're over in /r/The_Sylvanas circle-jerking about their perceived self-righteousness , amirite?
Do you think they just crank those out in a week..? That shit takes a long time to make.

They're not just vlogging on an iPhone...
I agree, but knowing blizzard, they'll spell it all out when the expansion & pre-patch hits. If anything it'll be the pre-patch
Oh no, you lost all your fellow Trump Supporters over at /r/sexwithdogs?
[This is what I thought of when I made the comment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m331dBbz6_U), though now I see I didn't even quote what I was thinking correctly lol.
SWEET GOOGLY MOOGLY
Yeah, that's gotta be it. They showed dark iron dwarves in the trailer, and Zandalari fits. I always wanted that troll model...
Well from the new novel, we learn that [Sylvannas wants to hit Stormwind immediately following Legion. The attack on the UC might be a retaliation.](/spoiler)
I literally can't fucking even right now. Jesus christ.
BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE
$$$$$
What a roller coaster, good layout to bad layout to good layout to bad layout...

Man, my website probably follows the same pattern if I had saved screenshots of it 
Was about to say, what idiot stops to take a photo in the middle of all that...
Well, duh. Nobody expects the SPANISH INQUISITION!!!
How did you make the jump from account control, to account use? Having administrative control over the account doesn't mean Twitter has access to the account as a user.

You have a strong lack of understanding how any of this works.
Kinda sucks that the entire cast is basically out of work now because of the actions of a single person.
You do realize just how many videos are on YouTube right? And the amount that don't have ads on them? 

I mean I personally have ~10-12 videos on my youtube account, with no ads. Been there for years.

There's just no reason from the to start randomly deleting videos, especially those that have traffic, simply because they don't serve ads.
Download an adblock, and move on with your life.

Just about every single website on the internet uses cookies. Those are what are used to track you. 
$$$$$$$$
Forbes is a garbage source for anything, let alone tech.
The title of that show is just so cringey. I enjoy hearing his opinions, but gah could they pick a better name.
I will agree to that. But to lead with "Their logo is dumb" is pretty fucking stupid imo. A logo doesn't keep a mouse from clicking, or a keyboard from typing.
back into the spot, hugging his car with your passenger side.
That's a pretty petty reason to not buy a product. But hey, dumb people gunna dumb.
> "cinematography is on a madness"

Well that's one of the stranger sentences I've ever read.
on a scale of A-Z, your comment is green.
Except this video took some musical talent, not just a grotesque neckbeard.
~$93/mo for ~980sq/ft in US.

I feel for you, that's awful
The guys wrote the series. It was their scripts in season 1. Maybe the need writers like the ones from Top Gear.
wat
Yeah I saw that quote on the spotty quality. It's understandable I suppose. I would just love to own that color
Love the monitor. Literally the only downside is that if you're coming from an IPS display, you're going to notice. The lack of colors is super apparent when watching dark videos. The gradient banding sucks, but it's worth it for the gaming performance.
If you think this is 100% authentic, then you're retarded. Enjoy the video for what it is; comedy.
Hey now, we made more terrorists. That way, we can keep this wartrain trucking along.
I'm still waiting for that Ocean Depths color...
Don't worry, you can just Dbrand^&reg; it!^&trade;
oh shit i'm gus now, brb makin memes
"On a scale of 1-10, it's a MAJOR MAJOR MAJOR Go."

Oh, well that was informative, thanks m8.
There's some nice bewbs beside that chest fuzz.
Well, it's a catholic school. Feel like the students and staff shouldn't expect anything less.
Hope you don't like that wallpaper
Shhh shhh shh, go slow...
Fuel Shut-off switches are usually a thing. Or hell, just engage the clutch.
B-b-but... I must defend... your culture..?

/s
/r/videos mods being shit again, what else is new.

Cool video though.
What the fuck is with the guy yelling angrily from afar? Who sees a minor traffic accident, and has to run over and scream at one of the drivers involved??

Was the guy angry because the people inside had accents, and probably a different skin tone to match..?
In Hockey it's called a sweater :)
A lot easier said than done friendo.
Cool, but that's not how impeachment works.

Soooooooo, maybe stick to badgering your representatives if you wan't to see actual change in the world, not just clicking a digital button that says "Sign".
Cruelty-free sausage?
You can make Google Assistant do the same thing. You can set trigger phrases, and then have assistant respond with an action, or by reading a phrase.

Holy fuck bro, wheres the spooky warning.


Hey, at least when you're restlessly fidgeting from anxiety and stress over potential identity theft, you have something to help!
I'd rather take the opinions of US Historians, but that's just me.
Well Sheeeeeit, time to rewatch Hannibal. God that show was too good for TV.
Am I missing something with this link? I see a headline, and a single sentence that reiterates the headline.


There's a button for that
Pay me 6+ figures, and I'll make as many fucking emojis as your heart desires.
Is that stock cooler adequate?
Hey.  
Hey!  
Look at my diiiiiiiiiiiiiick!
Here in my garage, I've got 50 laptops in my hollywood hills account.
Only if Jeff Goldblum is with you.
They're saying that everything is fake because the DNC gave had hired the law firm that was responsible for the "Trump dossier".

Problem is, is that that dossier isn't the sole thing the entire trump-russia story hinges on, so It's not super relevant. Also, the RNC had also hired the same exact law firm, so it's kind of funny really.
On Android, you can disable microphone access for the app. So this couldn't happen anymore (If it's happening now).
And if you want any sort of water Resistance, shit has to be glued and sealed. Not much you can do about that
Most uncomfortable furniture in the world, I'd imagine. You gotta cut a lot of corners to achieve this. Most of them are related to comfort.
Or, milk the new 2-year warranty. 
Never really cared for the multiplayer after 3/reach. I did love forge though.
Serious question: I was going to buy an Xbox One s pretty much just for the newer halo games (5, and 6 if it ever comes out). Dumb move? Or worth it?

FYI, I thought Halo 4 was kinda confusing and not that interesting, but all the side cutscenes where good. I love the overarching story.
This is Kurig 2.0 at work. Stick with the older models 
Just got mine yesterday from Amazon. Install was pretty straight forward. Seems to work pretty well.
Amazon video never has, and probably never will add chromecast support. They have their own streaming devices, so they're not going to enable the competition.
Freedom of speech isn't even a factor here. The 1st amendment protects you from government censorship. Reddit is not a government/public agency.
Fuck this made me so uncomfortable, probably because I'm in the process of getting a job atm
Oh noes, I dun goofed a word. I guess I nope can English anymore :(
Kai's brother, the shrink
https://youtu.be/wSJSWy2o_1I
He's the cooler. We've established it.
>  Superman is dead in the DCEU

Dumbest fucking plot line ever shoe-horned into a film.
Jesus Titty-Flapping Christ.

All of that, for a speeding ticket? Really? Like... Jesus some people.
It's a TV show. Telling a story. That's it.

They're not trying to start a human evolution with a fucking TV show. It's just that. The lady that wrote Hunger Games wasn't trying to create a child uprising. It's just a story.
*For the cool price of $10M
updoot 4 calcium
I know how hard it is, it took me forever to just do a pinch harmonic.
Well that's the thing about companies buying product wholesale...

Also, you could apply this to a whole lot of shit online. That's also the reason that Wish & Alibaba are a thing.
It appears to me more that she just doesn't want to be here, and is clearly uncomfortable.

She's out promoting a book, which I would have to assume was well in the works before her recent divorce. The subject matter of said book seems to about her life, and relationships, which might be a bit of a sore subject right now.

She's probably not to keen on having to promote it, but she's probably obligated to.
Cool ability, but doesn't exactly sound like anything - just random notes.
You made a dickbutt pancake for your kids? What's next, a goatse pancake?
"Why are we still talking about ‘Hybrid Theory’? Move the fuck on"   
- Chester Bennington
When you need a robust platform, sure. This website is a single page with almost zero content. Using WP in this instance is like calling in the national guard to get a kitten out of a tree.

Just lazy.
[Money pleeeeeease](https://youtu.be/GysXQtH27h4)
First time I've seen that CF piece behind the license plate where it looks good. 
 
Nice.
bad bot
I'll take capitalism for $500, Alex.
Fuck me, I wish my FA20 could sound like a real boxer :(
Does the island not have accessable runways? Or landing zones for helicopters? I keep reading that ships just can't get in because docks are a mess and over crowded which makes sense, but I don't see why aid can't be flown in. Puerto Rico isn't that far.
But that would remind people of all the data collection they've signed up for (regardless if they actually read those Terms of Service...).

That wouldn't be ideal for the Googs.
> Let the woman grieve on her own terms.

We're not exactly helping. Regardless of what side of this "issue" you might be on, both sides are essentially using this woman as a political prop.

It's honestly disgusting that it's gotten to this point. Obviously nobody made her do a TV interview, so she has to expect it to a degree, but still. 
Those aren't police officers. That's the whole point of the video.
She'll be labeled as a "libtard" pretty quick too. Or an antifa supporter.
Bro petitions work, if everybody lcicks them den google has to do it. Obvi. Thats how it work. 

/s?
Man, if that glass where to somehow break, the rushing water would drag everybody in that pool off the side of the building.  

Fucking noooooooooooooope.
He's just the black arrow now
When did this new Tully show start?
Nice, I put TS10's on my WRX. Look so good.  
Also, lol @ whoever downvoted us for no reason.
Fuck why couldn't my factory wheels look this good. Hate the 2015 wheels so much.
Oh no, this is very real.
[THIS THREAD IS DARK-SIDED! YOU NEED JESUS!!1!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOpva_iit-8)
People definitely jerk in these.
Oh shit is gus.

Yeah he does that now, and the wife vlogs herself. Gotta get that youtube monayyyy
Not sure you're aware of what sub your in
That line is timeless.
Ah fuck that one got me.


I CAN'T STAND ALL THESE GOSH DARN COCAINE USERS IN THE COMMENTS, ASKING FOR MORE AND MORE BUMPS.

TO HELL WITH ALL'Y'ALL
The one in Suramar that was next to Botanist's area in the NH was the fucking worst.
It's like he was making... a parody...

^^DUN ^DUN DUN
Well the natural progression here is that he'll move onto streaming video games on twitch and [YouTube.](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0AgAMWj85FqLxhFo-UDxAQ)
wat
Honestly, the iPad is the only tablet on the market that's worth spending money on. Samsung is the only other company still producing tablets, but their tablets are pretty meh imo.
Yeah it was pretty worthless most of the time. Especially when the flight whistle takes you to an eagle instead of a FP
I'd give my left nut for a S8 or Note 8 running stock android. I just despise touchwiz and samsung bloat way to much to justify giving them my money.
Nope, it's independent. 
"look at all these racists on twitter trying to get me fired for being racist!"
Yup, that's bread.
Podly Crue was the peak of the podcast. It got kinda boring with just Jason, or Jason + Katie.
What's the benefit to using this over something like FontAwesome?
 FA is used so widely that the chances of it being already cached by the user is pretty high, greatly reducing load size and time.
This looks like the kind of thing to end up in creepy anti-abortion propaganda.
Man I love this fucking song

Dude, wheres my car?
A gold version of this would be pretty sweet. But I'd settle for white.
They could update the panel mid production and just not make note of it.
Probably knows he doesn't have much time left, and is tired of pandering for political position.
Do cars and aeroplanes have arms and legs?
Suramar is what Shattrath should have been back in WoD. So massive, fleshed-out, and epic. I really hope there's something similar in the next Xpac. 
OP is a big phat phoney.
> unhinged Reddit posters

wew ladd
That's fast-paced action. The OP isn't.
Here in my ~~Garage~~ Family Room, just bought this new Lamborghini here
Probably yeah. 
> Change your oil and filter every ~5000 miles folks

Newer cars can go much longer, close to 7-8K miles. Follow your owner's manual. Fancy cars with oil life gauges even do the work for you.
You realize that posting this picture to push your narrative, is doing the same exact thing Trump is doing? And that it's just as fucking shitty?

Leave them alone for fuck's sake.
Idk
[Video clip from interview for those interested](https://www.ellentube.com/video/ellen-meets-las-vegas-survivors-jesus-campos-and-stephen-schuck.html).

Mirror for the people trying the youtube video that was taken down as well.
Questions what exactly..?
yeah, can't go puttin yer monney in a casino that supports dem libtards, amirite?!

/s
Well this school is going to be burned down in the middle of the night fairly soon.
Fuck, this is going to be such a long ~3 years in the news cycle. Nothing matters, except for petty pissing matches.
But bro, it's on the internet for people to consume. Creative commons bro. It was on google bro. 
Man what a Jake Paul wannabea with that intro.

This guy is a fucking idiot. "I took this picture off google and sold it for money, and these malicious people on the internet just entrapt me!" Fucking retard.
> Japan could have tipped the second MegaBot over just as easily

The goal was to make something entertaining. Ending every match in 5 seconds by simply tipping over the other bot isn't remotely entertaining.
Anybody that expected anything more than this just doesn't understand simple physics. You can't move something with that much mass at any speed that would be entertaining.
Yeah sam is a shitbox
Jim Norton has a radio show with Sam Roberts with SiriusXM.
Maybe check the comment I was replying to..?
Even before that though, this civil war has been going on for what, 6 years now? So much history and architecture is gone, on top of the tremendous loss of life.
Man, the clip of the ISIS tank showed what still looked like a city. The 2nd clip might as well just been a pile of rocks. 
> Why will people voluntarily hand over all this data to Amazon

Because they don't realize or think about that they're giving out their data. Even then, most people simply don't care, even if they act like they do. 
When exactly did we start giving people the title of "Czar" within the US government?
How do we know this video was flagged? Doesn't appear in the description, comments, title, or anything.
How do we know his reddit account? 
> Trump vindicated

How, exactly? 
/r/iamverybadass 
Good ol' boxers
Well hot diggity dawg.
Now divide that up by the US tax paying population. :)
Gotta collect dat data 👌
Like the stereotype you're perpetrating right now? 
Rest easy knowing that ~3¢ of your tax dollars can now be spent elsewhere.
sounds spicy
~~Wait why would it not be on Prime? It's an Amazon show, it's their only video platform. What am I missing?~~

Edit: Misread the question. Pretty sure all of Amazon's originals that are in 4k are just 4k, as in their isn't a separate version. So I don't see why they would down sample the show for prime users and sell the original 4k cut.
Spotted the potential serial killer
Man, had that gun gone off when he attacked the robber, that female coworker could be dead AF.
Look at money bags over here, buying the big bars!

You're forever on the list of "rich" houses for kids to hit. Good luck.
Looks exactly the same as the previous teaser
Man I want a dubstep faucet.
Yeah I forgot about the rare minerals coming out of Wakanda to build their immense wealth, but from the MCU standpoint, it seems out that their technology is just so far ahead.   
Especially when we have Tony Stark who seemed to be making all the big breakthroughs in the MCU, and even those appeared to be overshadowed by Wakanda.
Where is all of this technology coming from? Was Wakanda built with Alien tech before the invasion of New York?
So? You don't have to play complex music to be a good musician.
Why are you posting this here? You know this is a subreddit for a the show, right?
A Facebook post from "nostraightnews.com", yeah that's probably 110% legit, fetch me my tiki torch!
Wew ladd
Plus dark theme's are fantastic when used on an OLED display. Helps squeeze a bit more battery life out.
I'm usually up pretty late, and it's just annoying to have the white menu in the dark. I can use a dark menu any time without issue. Idk, just a preference.

Google added the ability to have "themes" in Oreo, and even had the dark variant in the beta before disabling it. I just want the option to go bXk.
I could be wrong here, but a lot of this just looks like hyperbole to express how the story of the game pulled him in. That he isn't actually triggered to the point of debilitating nightmares, but just expressing that it was a good game, albeit in a weird way.

Again, I could be wrong, but I also don't go around calling everything a "snowflake" like an autistic 14 year old.
Wasn't aware of that. Makes me wonder why the person who made this specific theme didn't take that into account.
Planting anything essentially on the property line is just asking for trouble though. Especially in an HOA neighborhood.
I've got substram running now, but the theme I'm running (baltic) doesn't work well across the board. It changed a lot of backgrounds to black fine, but didn't change the font color. So I've got black text on black background in some instances.

Why did google have to make everything blinding white...
Well that's just terrible design. Why bother making a small case footprint to just have the PSU hanging out like that
And the power supply that's protruding out the back...
What's with the hard-coded subs?  

[Edit: Here's the trailer from Netflix's official account, as opposed to this crappy one OP linked.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1ZXOOLMJ8s)
[The leaning tower of Cheeza!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-adaowehIk)
The issue was that they ran something to the pipes that caused the lead that was present to break free into the water. They're old lead pipes, but they where working fine until that happened. Now the pipes have to be completely replaced. Lead will continue to leech into the water.


Every single water main in the entire city has to be excavated and replaced. It's a hell of an undertaking.
I just started season 1 a week ago, this show is fantastic.
It's apparent that the officers knew exactly who this person was, and where happy to see him arrested, for probably what they felt was harassment from the guy.

But at the same time, they knew this guy watched them, recorded them, everything, waiting for officers to slip up. And they STILL arrested him on a bullshit charge that they knew wouldn't stick. 

How can they have been so stupid?
I think the only way to know for certain, is to bring a large sack of pomegranates to the next class.
[The poster for the crossover had Barry and Iris in wedding attire, soooooo...](https://pmcdeadline2.files.wordpress.com/2017/09/dctv-crossover_cvr-fnl_9211.jpg?w=411&h=632) 
Fuck man that music triggered so many good memories. 

Now I want those games to be ported to my switch :/
Those bangs look so good on her too.
You think the concept of what are basically dog collars on a person is just too unbelievable?
Ah, right, your just the lazy poster for the Karma. Copy/paste away m8.
Use a "K" to denote thousand, not a "G".
$53G? What's the G stand for? Gum? Guac?
An infinite number of reasons, [see this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/75vaox/my_safeword_is_pineapple_juice/do9i7yv/)
That's not how the internet works, at all. Comcast isn't threatening to watch your twitch stream to determine your level of internet access.
Farming warglaives sucks so much. I run on two DH's, and I've gotten the mainhand twice on one, and the offhand twice on the other.

Iwannadie
"I'm at this car wash very often, do not embarrass me."
If you haven't experienced the pure talent that is Mike Neylan, you need to check out the rest of his E-How videos.
Because dark humor is a thing. It's not for everyone.
"I'm a /r/Tuscon personal chief" - [Mike Neylan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfxpwbWBNuU)
"Shhh no no no just sit here, have a drink-"

*"I don't want a drink"*

"No, have a drink, sit here and watch me go through this car wash. Please."
Just keep on filming, don't stop to help...
This is art.
Hell of a shot.
The Weinsteinmobile™
I just hope they have their Cinematic team create that cutscene, and not their in-game cinematic team.

It's Sargeras for fuck's sake.
It's also a blatant attempt to retaliate against the NFL players currently protesting. In other words, an proposed violation of the 1st amendment.
As is tradition.
I'll take Fascism for 500, Alex.
This video is at least a year old, and they where protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline.

But hey, keep pushing them false narratives with #fakenews OP
Bro I'm still crying inside, stahp.  

Edit: THEY TOOK MY BREAD FLAIR AWAY NOOOOOOO
But even if it checked out, how is that remotely cringy?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Yes. I do. I'm saying from either side, why is this relevant to us politics.
What does the Weinstien story have to do with politics..?

I don't understand this country anymore.
subscribe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtkST5-ZFHw
Pie in the face
The Mrs. Doubtfire bit was pretty good.
Dear god
Are the posts of the pergola anchored in concrete? Or are they just sitting on the pavers?
I'm glad their bringing awareness to Autism with this event.
Makes sense. Figured it was new with the inclusion of the dongle at the end lol
Find it weird that this video was clearly made recently, but didn't even use the actual pixel 2, but an old wrong mockup.
offliberty
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/NhruDDWjbGc
> YouTube could just've said "Oh, the ads? They're based on the user's history. They have nothing to do with the content they're watching" and everyone would have totally accepted it.

Except the companies buying ad space didn't care about any of this, hence the adpocalypse. They don't give two shits about why their ad is on a video they don't like, they wanted it off.

Google responded by appeasing the advertisers, because that's how they make their fucking money. Not everything is a grand conspiracy to undermine your every thought or belief.
It's like 2.25 for regular and 3 for 93 out here.
I'm up in the NW, the region.
I'm in Indiana! lol. Yeah it's something like that, I pay around 2.99 for 93
Fuck your gas is expensive.
Woah now boy, unrustle them jimmies. You can still use those cheap ass free earbuds if you want, I won't stop you.
Except apples earbuds are garbage
It was listed on the website...
The end of the movie...
You heard the man. Officers, arrest him.
It's gravitational waves are bending time and space.
He's just trying really hard to be a bad troll.
Makes sense. After the Kaiju where "Defeated", it seems only natural for humans to go back to fighting each other for domination, using their Jager's to wage war.
People follow her because an attractive blonde in her twenties shares their insane views. So it makes them feel good about it.
Android watches don't sell. Just about everybody has jumped that ship.
That entire show concept is uncomfortable. I don't get it.
Or be arrested by DHS. Railways are viable targets for terrorist attacks, so they won't fuck around.
More like to remind people that Applebee's still exists. It's a shit hole, and it'll totally blame millennials when it goes belly up.
yes
Until they started swinging at the kids. Sheeeesh
In 1 period, the Blackhawks scored more goals than the Blackhawks did in the entire 2017 Playoffs.

Wait, am I meme'ing correctly here?
BY GOD THAT TEAM HAS A FAMILY

Doesn't help that Kane is doing his Wizardry spin moves tonight
The Saadfather, he hungers.
How could we not notice something that was center-frame in the shot? This wasn't meant to be an easter egg...
/r/titlegore 
How the fuck does this "save" the environment? Are they going to rinse off those cardboard plates and store them in the cupboard for later? 

No, it's going in the trash. Just like a normal pizza box. Just, what?
How long does it take to get full T3 from the BMA? Months? Years?
Oh I know. Wasn't pushing it on you.
I mean I figured as much. Anybody who thinks Joe blow from Facebook knows more than investigators is an idiot.
I've already seen relatives on Facebook spamming that this guy liked anti Trump Facebook posts therefore he's a radical left wing liberal antifa Monster.

Or something like that.
Okay, but then why would they spend 10-15 minutes spraying guns at a specific location before fleeing, giving LEO's plenty of time to hone in on their location, making a quick escape highly unlikely?

Debunking things is fun, sorry.
Well we've been putting pot users in jail for decades next to gangs and murderers, so I think that might have stopped some people.
I fucking love every cutaway to the DJ's in the corner. Pushing buttons for 4 seconds at a time.
got eem
Oh noes, I'm just the worst. Now nobody will sit with me at internet lunch time :(
And I'm saying there was ample time in which the handbrake would have helped the situation. Nice reading comprehension though
Point me to a car made in the last 20 years that doesn't have a parking brake.
Well, the fuckwad in the OP could have applied it early on, well before flying down into the turn. 

You don't need to lecture everybody on the internet, as if your some all-knowing asshole.
You know every car has an Emergency/Parking brake, right?
Too meme-y, not enough haiku
This kinda sucks. I was excited for the bezeless display, in that I can keep my large screen with a smaller footprint. Instead, I keep the footprint, and get an even more unmanageable display.
Well you can't fret a string with nasty nails
I graduated 3 years ago, and this shit didn't exist.
Cool concept, but the music was pretty meh. The 2nd note the guy sang just sounded so off, I couldn't hear anything else.
If I could have the lite version + chat heads, that would be great. So much other bullshit I don't care about. But I need me some chat heads...
I've already seen the old people facebook spam listing off the guy's supposed Facebook Page Likes, to paint him as some super mega libcuck antifa facist.

The spin is strong.
Holy shit booooooooyzzzzz
Twitch is just MyFreeCams Lite™ now. 
OP leaves out the part where the small film crew failed to tip off police that they'd be filming a bank robbery and all of their camera equipment was inside the building out of sight.

They where dumb AF
I stare at Google Analytics all day, every day of the week. There's zero identifying information. None. Nothing. Zilch.

Hell, if anything GA is too vague on some traffic. 
Oh man I never realized the meta on eyebeam would also apply the leech from the other talent. That sounds like some good shit.

I Just now pushed my DH to 110 a week ago so I'm behind the curve.
> Meme beam spec

There's still an OP beam spec? 
2 FAST 4 Y'ALL
Am I missing something..? None of that was in the OP video?
Halloween town is the fucking bee's knees
I'm sure Vegas tourism was a major factor, especially since it's legal to smoke in public.
Are there any other news outlets reporting on this other than fucking Share Blue? The article is written by self-proclaimed "Video game designer and science fiction author". Like fuck, why is this site still allowed on this sub.
Man, without his vow of silence, I would have never known that animals can't speak.

Good thing I'm now "aware".
I just jumped on Soundcloud and all of the tracks are gone? Did Jason wipe the podcast?

https://soundcloud.com/ellistronics
>  think about why the tops of mountains have snow, then ask yourself how this might apply to airplanes.

You making a roundabout statement of how cold is cold doesn't help answer his question.
Selective breeding led to sheep over-growing wool beyond what they would grow naturally. And because of that, human intervention is required to keep the sheep healthy.

Sucks that it got to that point, but it is what it is now. Those sheep need sheering to stay healthy.
but muh solitaire 
Well, We've had Outland, Draenor, and Argus so far.
I mean, there's potential for more story once Azeroth is born. There's that whole void thing.
/r/titlegore
Nothing really. I'm just pointing out that native casting on WebOS doesn't matter since I run a chromecast.
True, but I only have a Chromecast hooked up to my TV, so It works fine for me
Good luck, but I'm sure T_D has labeled Rodgers as just another libcuck by now.
LG's WebOS is pretty great. I stick with them.
These games are perfecting for pooping.
Mobile Warcraft 3 reboot pls
I mean, they've yet to even talk about Antorus like they did with ToS. This could also just be referring to them going over Antorus to a crowd.
You went to the trouble of making a LMGTFY but couldn't even spell "Sapphire" correctly.

0/10
...Except for the multiple attempts by Congress to do just that.

But k.
What a terrible light fixture.
Because LG isn't a sinking ship, so their engineers weren't biting at the chance to jump off.
God Damn French
Well now Alex Jones is going to start selling space blankets.
Hollywood is remaking Bluntman & Chronic for lazy money (Oh the satire)
Make-pretend money over a piece of physical hardware? The meme has gone to far.
I'd show my tits on twitch for this kinda payout. But my tits are hairy and attached to a man, so the market is pretty dry.
And what looks like botox/collagen. 
Oh boy, the [/r/DIY post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/comments/72k2jt/i_took_9_pallets_and_turned_them_into_pallet_wood/?utm_content=comments&utm_medium=hot&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=DIY) has made it's way over here for another beating.
They don't need your credit card info when they have you in digital form. They can just open new credit cards for you :)
Whelp, guess I gotta farm up another shadowmourne 
It's almost as if there's difference between a crime between two civilians, and a crime between a civilian and a Police Officer, whose sole job is to protect the people and enforce the law.

Crazy.
I agree entirely, this website is garbage. Any news source used here shouldn't be so hilariously biased.
sick memes m8
But the other tweet isn't saying the opposite. The two tweets are talking about two different things, hence why there's two tweets. One is about pregame ratings, the other about game ratings.

The OP article used a bullshit click-bait title, but the info is still there if you look.
How does one cherry-pick a tweet, when they quoted the entire thing? If the single tweet can't provide proper context, then why was it even tweeted out.
Maybe from the tweet that was linked in the OP:

> Preliminary ratings for NFL games on CBS yesterday were UP 4% vs Week 3 of last year. Its pregame show had highest viewership in 7 YEARS.
https://twitter.com/darrenrovell/status/912322485529563137
How would spending their money help people getting killed by trigger-happy police officers though?
> something will be oh so ever different

Can't be any worse than writing in spaghetti code to deal with iOS.
There doesn't appear to be much rational discussion in this thread, so god speed m8.
You can go down to your local walmart and buy American Flag underwear, but not standing on a field takes a bigger crap on the flag?

You really need to get some perspective here bud, and stop being so triggered.
DoD advertisement
What is up with this source? A news outlet out of India..?  


http://www.abplive.in/about-abp-news
Man, them internet tubes going to Australia must be hazardous to traverse with prices that high.

Is it anything like the ice-road truckers?
"Prt Scrn/Print Screen" key is your friend. Use it pls.
This explains why I couldn't find conversations in my messages list Saturday night. Had just texted somebody, went to find a reply, and the entire conversation was gone. Happened to like 4-5 conversations. 
What is that transmog? Looks interesting
What a cunt.
I lost one. I was sad.
This seems more like some self-promotion than anything else.
yes
I've had all of those items in my bank for a year, they don't sell. Well, the mount and tabard sell, but I kept that shit.
Yeah I own two pairs. On one pair, I accidently split the rubber and tried to mend it. It led to the wire moving inside the rubber, and bunching the cable permanently. It drives me crazy. It's also fraying and cracking apart in places.

I'd love to strip the rubber and make my own braided cover but I'd probably just ruin them.
If only I was one of them big city folk
idgaf
I mean, if you can make it fit, sure? lol
https://www.amazon.com/Bose-627476-0020-IE2-audio-headphones/dp/B003XU6H8I
And they ship with 3 sizes so they fit almost everybody. They're just so comfy. Whenever I forget to bring my earbuds to work, I have an old pair of iphone eabuds I use, and it's like shoving jagged rocks into my ears.
Never even heard of them. Googling now.
I've got two pairs of IE2's and I can wear them literally all day, and forget that they're in my ears. So guud.
The silicone earbuds that Bose uses are the most comfortable things in existence. Hands down. I lub dem.

Edit since this got a lot of updoots: If you need to replace your ear tips for bose headphones, don't buy the off-brands from Amazon. They're a completely different material and hard as a rock. Spend the extra and get legit bose replacements.
Flip camera, tap to wake, and the community had to piss and moan to get the fingerprint swipe gesture.

For wifi, the pixels have a feature that lets you shut off wifi antennas, and have them auto turn back on within range of a trusted WiFi network. 

And as far as theming, there was supposed to be a way to invert the top drop down, but I don't think that one actually came out with Oreo.
A lot of settings on the pixel didn't make it to the Nexus, including gestures, wifi controls, theming controls, some other stuff I can't think of off the top of my head. Took months to get the assistant, which was not as full fledged as it is on the pixel. 


Idk, just left me disappointed every time something new, and either we didn't get it, or we had to wait 6+ months like we owned a galaxy phone or something.
Nick Frost? Well alright then, I'll watch it.
Man I love Metallica, but Lars is just a piece of shit.
# #ESPORTSREADY
Yeah it was pretty fucking awful to buy the 6P, knowing the reputation of the Nexus line, only to have it killed off a year later, and have support for new projects completely dissolve. Other than Android Updates, the Nexus's phones didn't get shit. It was a slap in the face.
If somebody says the word "privilege" one more time, I'm done. This season is just waaaay to fucking out there
Blocked by Malwarebytes. Wonder why.
Hmm. Yeah I used premiere, but I was sitting at my desk at work with nothing better to do. Soooooooo
You doin me an Anger, frendo
#𝓡𝓮𝓮𝓮
Well I did buy them for use at the gym, so that makes sense. I honestly just expected more. But at least now I know that I can find Bluetooth headphones that don't suck.
wat
I got a pair of Jaybird Freedom's, and by themselves they're great and all. But if I compare them to my 4 year old Bose in-ear headphones, they sound like flat dog shit. I had to play with the levels in the Jaybird app for like an hour to get them remotely close to sounding like my Bose. Still sounds flat.

I kinda assumed it had to do with Bluetooth capabilities, but I could be wrong. I'm doomed when I lose my headphone jack.
[Here's a visualization I made of all the cuts in this scene.](https://i.imgur.com/sXAunPo.png)  

It hurt.
Fuck there's some bad editing in that video
Since when does Netflix allow vpn traffic?
"Wait hang on, I have some more anti-capitalism facts. Lemme google them on my iphone..."
This is what you've based this rant on? A handful of nobodies on YouTube? Wow.
Because people are allowed to have their own opinions, regardless if you agree with them. Who cares, so long as you enjoy the album. I don't think the band is going to be hurting.
Yeah I didn't even think it could be kg instead of freedom units. Makes a lot more sense now.
Yeah that one got me. That's like a warmup weight... not an intimidating weight...
Use his brain to make assumptions..?
I have the same wheels, love them
Oh boy, a dog was in the presence of my food, IT'S CONTAMINATED!!!11!
So your company doesn't do any initial mock-ups of what content should look like? You just dive head-first into code?
https://www.reddit.com/r/web_design/comments/70ujrc/visual_inspector_chrome_extension_to_inspectedit
>LGBTQIA

When did more letters get tacked onto LGBT?
Ugh
I don't think this is the proper subreddit for such a tool. I doubt there's anybody in /r/web_design that can't use Dev Tools in chrome...
My god, you're basically describing my office. Our company's data storage server is a bunch of WD externals from best buy daisy-chained to an iMac running software raid. El oh el
Looks like the nerves inside a tooth. Quick, poke it!
It's literally the guy's job to help you. He get's paid to do it. Doesn't exactly compare to just good will.
Yeah that's a pretty reasonable statement. Not arguing anything here.
Oh boy, when this got posted earlier, it started with the fight, and without context, it painted the guy in the pickup in a pretty bad light.

This added context changes everything.
>  I doubt you guys would say a good amount of the things that you otherwise are willing to comment here

They will once they assemble their echo chamber out in public with some tiki torches.
I love the unexpected turn towards the end, when the loud pedal kicks in. OOoph
I tried to read through their reasoning for R10 and I don't understand it at all.
Nope. I loved it.
> But sound city was terrible. The songs were so forced..  


Sound City was a recording studio, and a documentary. Are you referring to Sonic Highways?
So eating plastic is not something anybody really wants to do, but what exactly is the harm of these microfibers entering our digestive track via food? Would they not just be passed like any other non-digestible food?
That's the point m8. Fuck your ears, it's rock
> R10: No Third Party Licensing   


So how does this rule 10 work? If a video on YouTube is licensed, how does that prevent us, as a video subreddit, from actively watching said video? I mean if licensing is an issue, how did it even end up on YouTube for the world to see?
Reports are that the bomb itself didn't really do anything, but the panic from the blast is was caused a majority of the injuries.

I.E., the attack itself was a shitty one.
Took Trump hours to call out the terrorist attack in London, even when it was a shitty attempt at one.

How long did it take him to call out the domestic terrorist attack in NC..?
Device Model: Nexus 6p 


Android Version: 8.0.0


TTV Version: 1.7.6

Description: Missing playback controls in notification pane while casting. Only way to control playback is to switch to TTV app. Checked app settings, couldn't find anything.
Well, it's a good thing the chocolate statue already came down.
> No way, wow is dead

Well, that's your opinion.  

> No way does it hit 1m+ daily.

That number is probably surpassed by Asia alone, but okay.
More like Ethan was saying a phrase for the sake of saying it, whereas pewds said a phrase aimed specifically at a person as an insult. 

It's one thing to say the word "nigger", and another to say "You're a nigger". Pretty big difference.
Reminds me of the work of [Happy.D](http://www.happyd-artist.com/)
Wow today would crush this stat.
No. They'll make you go through troubleshooting steps, have you verify that you've done things to attempt to fix any issues before determining it's the battery. 
Yeah, he wanted to get into Freddy's life, and all the shit the band doesn't want to talk about.
Fast battery drain + phone shut down at 30-40% battery.
I had a white 6p, replaced by a refurbished black 6p, and now I'm getting a black Pixel XL. I wish I could trade you lol.
Called up today to get my 2nd replacement device. The lady on the phone was soooo excited to tell me I was getting a Pixel. Can't complain, so long as my battery can make it past 30% on the Pixel XL.
YouTube wannabe? idfk
That plastic will probably scratch the fuck out of the car's paint though.
I can't fathom not taking your pet with you when you evacuate. They're basically another family member imo.
I bought my Nexus 9 from Amazon, and that was a hell of a mistake. Nobody could fix my device. Never again.
Yeah I don't want to abandon my 6P since this phone is amazing otherwise, but I think I'm going to RMA(for the 2nd time...) for the Pixel XL. If anything, I'll have something with a higher resale value when the Pixel 2 comes out in a ~month.
It does have a blinking light. It's just a blinking white light, because fuck you.
Hell, try explaining each part of this to a person today, that doesn't pay attention to dank memes.
This is a Materialisimo quality meme.
#DID THEY JUST ASSUME THEIR GENDER?!?!
Those canards look so fucking goofy.
$225 and the patches are stitched? So are the ~~reebok~~ Adidias premiere jerseys not vinyl patches anymore?  

Edit: I goof'd
If this helps push the rest of the industry towards bezeless phones, then great. Looks beautiful, and I'd own it if it ran android.
Wait, if Destiny becomes a racist, does that make Jontron not a racist?

HALP I DON'T KNOW HOW TO THINK
> Not sure how legal it is...  

Nobody is going to prosecute you for downloading a YouTube video. If you repost it claiming ownership & try to profit, then you can be concerned.
copy url, [go here](http://offliberty.com/), paste url, profit
Jesus why
Well, yeah. You make your attempt at a witty response, scoff at their gesture, then eat the muffin. Bing bang boom.
Honestly doing nothing is better than doing something like this.
Apparently this happened back in 2012.   
It seems [Marriott's twitter team just goes into full copy/pasta crisis mode for the week.](https://twitter.com/Marriott/with_replies)
Finally, a way to get rid of the blinding white menu's in Oreo. 
Atmosphere
You really don't want a raccoon to lick you. They're usually teeming with parasites and other bad stuff.
[You gotta hear Jim Cornelison sing it. It's the best.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJT9K2APvas)
I have premium and I have the same issue.
/r/Wellthatsucks for the minivan driver
Content was good though! Keep it up.
I use it every day at work over the windows app, and half the time the player just won't play. Or the navigation bugs out. I have to hard reload the page 3-4 times to get it playing again.
#edgy
Ya filmed a phone with a phone, playing a video on facebook...


wat

The music in this video makes it really hard to focus on the guy's narration. Way to loud, and just not a good choice for background music.
shh bby is okay
> But this is blown out of purposion and people really need to move on.

Except it's Pewds, so this will be in the news cycle for a good month or so
This shitstorm brewing is hilarious, but that response from the Campo Santo guy is just so fucking stupid.
No, it's just a funky name for a DRM platform.
Their web player is shit honestly. It stops working half the time in Chrome of all things.
I'd be okay with that bow recolored to golden light or pure white light. It would fit perfectly.
As a side note, why does /r/politics allow posts from this "shareblue" website? I mean really, can we not just post the publication that this probably originates from?
yup
So why is Reddit sucking this guy's dick so hard lately..?
Jesus fuck
I think the Essential phone is running the pixel launcher as well
who caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaresssssssss
That's some sensual insertion, I tell you h'what.
##TRIGGERED
People don't know how guns work, or how being shot works. Too much TV.
Except Amtrak is a private company, not a government agency. Highways are built by the DOT, not some schmucks looking out for their bottom line.


I got "message-success".

RIP
hemadtho
#TRIGGERED
Jesus Christ why does this sound bite give me a panic attack.
Good thing they're standing next to a window.
Welcome to the Highway Traffic Ride.
This will never stop being mesmerizing to watch.
I mean, prenup's are a thing.
That wasn't Alex Jones in the video...
The pinnacle of journalism.
> trying way too hard to be PC

Who exactly is your comment aimed at? OP?
Randy had an interactive abortion in that game. I think that sets the bar.
Wonder why they aren't married yet. With a kid and all now too. Is marriage not as important for the Irish?
https://youtu.be/iN3sZcEc5rU?t=217
"That 'Hurricane' Is just liberal propaganda to get us to buy more shit! Now, while we're on the topic of buying shit, buy my dick pills! You won't fall limp again!"
Pretty sure her shoes stayed on her feet. She alive.

Source: Am Professional Reddit Doctor
Who the fuck is Steve Spangler?

That's why.
I can't wait to take Khadgar to hell,  
I'm gonna fill him with my hot Titan gel,  
I'll make him squeal like my scarlet pimpernel!
They didn't win Best Album, they won Best Performance.

And yeah, winning a Grammy for a cover is kinda stupid, even if it was an amazing cover. But it's also the Grammy's, so who gives a fuck.
God I remember seeing this shit in Theaters; there where 3 people there, me and my two friends. We assumed this was part of the film and paid no attention until they said something about pulling out your genitalia.

Best intro ever.
It was.
Unfortunate accident. Sounds like the officer and reporter are acquaintances.
> Pulling something from your car is not the same as pointing something at a cop. 

Easy to say when you're not in his position. You saw how fast that cop drew and fired. A person reaching and grabbing a firearm from a car can fire just as fast.


I'm aware of the vehicle. And it's true, the person doing the ramming is doomed. But the impact would still probably throw the limo into a hard swerve, if not causing it to spin out entirely.
Getting t-boned is still getting t-boned. 
Maybe he wanted the challenge of whether or not he could do what he did in the video. Maybe he had more goals then to simply "use headphones on phone".
I [emotion] this [location]
/r/youtubehaiku is leaking, and I like it.
I guess that would make sense. Idk. This whole Titan thing is going to be weird for blizz to handle, seeing how Sargeras was larger than a planet, and I assume the other titans are the same.
I feel like it had way more sound effects on live.
This cut scene was fucking awesome. But it's kind of weird for a remade Titan to just be standing on the surface of the planet, at like 1/20th of his actual size.
Bigfoot comfirmed
You can do that, but you need to open that link, then click the link in the OP. There's a member discount attached to the link, which takes 10% off.
There is a fat lady on that choir in the movie though. They literally just drew faces on existing characters lol
Fighting Sargeras and the Legion is a wee bit more important than your dick-head brother and old fling.
I mean, you can get stuck in there just by attempting the damn maze.

Took me at least an hour...
boop the snoot
Jesus that mom is retarded. 
"Goddamn this dusty room  
This hazy afternoon  
I'm breathing in this silence  
Like never before"  

Stranger Things Have Happened. Love that song.
What is "SJW" about the art? They recreated an image from Disney's Hercules, and drew famous musicians in it. How is that SJW..?
good bot
Couldn't just post a youtube link, OP? Had to rip video and upload to reddit so we have to watch the world's shittiest video player while it struggles to buffer?
$$$$$$$
Should have kept it a secret, and let the mountain collapse on them. Hopefully killing a good portion of their nuclear crew.
Well when it's a hobby, the cost doesn't matter because your goal isn't to make a profit. So it's completely irrelevant.
Largest fire in history? I wasn't even aware there was a wild fire happening right now in LA
lol seriously..?  
Subs like /r/unexpectedjihad and r/montageparodies must scare the shit out of you.
How often do you bang into that leg that looks awkwardly placed in the dead center of the table?
Got a more specific time stamp? 81 minutes is a lot to sift through when I don't care about most of the content.
Poor Google, probably won't be able to feed his family now after giving out that phone.

:(
Rest in Spaghetti, Never Forgetti
Shkrek is love. Shkrek is life.
> I know you're going to wind up deleting this  


[What was that you where saying...? lolz](http://i.imgur.com/H37YihI.png)  

[I'll keep what's left here for posterity.](http://i.imgur.com/RFM635Y.png)

[And here's the deleted comments.](http://i.imgur.com/3O3vwCV.png)
Going from highwayspeed (55mph - 70mph in the US) to what seemed like sub-20mph isn't much different than a dead stop
> The vast majority of motorists are going to be freaked the fuck out in the moment and slam on their brakes. It's natural human instinct to freeze up like that with your foot on the break.

If that's how you drive, then you really shouldn't be driving. You're just going to kill somebody.
Why the fuck would the guy in the Challenger just stop? In the middle of the passing lane..? I mean yeah, fault the cammer for not paying attention and responding to a braking vehicle, but still.
No, it just asks for your email, and sends a generated code. 
lololololololololol
You're an idiot, and it's hilarious.  

> I BUY HOUSE. HOUSE HAVE FLOOR MADE OF WOOD. THEREFOR I BUY WOOD.

 -You probably
> Forthog will on occasion appear to one-hit kill whichever enemy the player character is up against. Think the Mysterious Stranger from the Fallout series.

Yup, it's totally a skin for the main character you play as. Makes sense.
Except it's not a skin. So there's that. But tells us more, oh noble one.
You should of told him that you'd rape him while he raped her, making a sort of rape-train. Usually doubling down on the crazy + a touch of homoerotica gets people to go away.
A 12 year old telling you to kill yourself in COD is a death threat. Except nobody takes that shit seriously. OP is just fragile AF.
Or Venezuela today
I had the exact same thought
I saw a poster for this show on Netflix when it came out, and had to try it for Kathy Bates. When the laugh track started playing, I thought it was part of the ad they were shooting to start the show.

When the laugh track kept going, I turned it off immediately.

So. Bad.
Woah bro.  

Woah.  

[Kazoo kid gon' getchya](https://youtu.be/B1tL6rFsyAQ)
https://www.instagram.com/p/BYZDGWNgDE8/
Sweet, time to get into the Spider Farming business.
[Yes](http://i.imgur.com/RIR4sQF.png)
Solid may-may at the end.

But damn, I wish I could have the elite set on a single character... I'm just terrible at PVP.
Boatsex: The 2-hour Pornagraphic Epic.
So can this guy go hang outside McGregor's gym, and harass his team all day for months? I'd love to see that go down.
Wow, he really thought throwing a sucker punch at Floyd Mayweather Sr. was a good idea.
> we won't have those stupid 2 month breaks between episodes.

God I hate those. It's even worse with CW shows like Arrow & Flash
That rear naked choke was nasty. Suprised a boxer knew to get the legs in and spread him
The end scene of this last season should be enough to pull people in.

I mean, fuck, [spoiler](#s "Coulsen and the entire team are in some random jail/complex/thing in freaking space. Guardians level shit going down.")
Yeah, and the show interweaves the story's of the major marvel movies. After Winter Solider is where shit hits the fan.
The show gets better, but viewership started to slip I think.
> Just cause Floyd is a bad person doesn't make him a bad 

I said nothing of the sort, but that's all your comment implied.
Dude that whole fucking season was next level. And the way it was split into multiple parts felt like watching 3-4 seasons all at once.
Eh, I could never get into that one. Loved the actress and her character but didn't care for the show.
...what does this have to do with my comment? At all?
1 judge had Conor winning the first three rounds. The other two judges gave Conor a single round.
That doesn't create 404 issues. Plus IGN is bigger than a hug-of-death from reddit.
Shield was almost canceled for this garbage. After their best season yet.
So not only did this link 404, but IGN's 404 page is the worst thing in existence. Zero links back to the main page, and it taunts me by telling me to "Search" for what I'm looking for, without a search tool.

Da fuq.
Yeah Conor easily took the first 4 rounds, and yet every judge had every round to Floyd. Da fuq.
"Reed College"  

Huh, I guess I'll give this one a google.

"Located in Portland, OR"

Oh, well that makes sense.
Yeah I'm pretty skeptic on our season outlook, after our performance in the last two post seasons. With Hossa down, Toews really needs to pick it the fuck up.
Yeah, but Kane can really play with anybody, especially with Anisimov at center. But Toews kinda needs the pick-me-up that Sadd can hopefully provide.
I miss our loaf :'(
Fuck man, his head smacked on those bricks. Should probably swing by an ER to check for brain swelling. It be the silent killer.
Jebus, your accuracy with full auto is so good.
Well US Marines aren't going to be deployed to help control a protest or riot. The National Guard would be the next step after local law enforcement.
Downsampled to a stunning 180p
It's half dodge dart, so that's understandable.
> When they send in the ~~Marines~~ National Guard your point would make more sense.

FTFY
> Gotta be specific otherwise those generalisations are gonna make you look (dare I say the word) anti-semitic.

Yeah, it sure would be a shame if people thought us jew-hatin folk where "anti-semetic"!  
/s...
I'd gladly sell you my N9 for $150. It's a worthless piece of garbage. Only use I've gotten out of it in the last ~2 years was as a video player for long flights.
My boat trailer cradles my boat!

CHECK MATE ATHEISTS
Only if the ghillie suit is made out of cigarettes and cut up bud light cans.
Accurate.
y tho
Oh god people still play DayZ?
I hated Hillary. But I hated Trump more, so I had to vote for her. It was a rough election.
What in the effff. Get outta here with your David Blaine shit.  


No but really, I never would have thought of crawling through a wall lol
Oh boy did I try
srsly, im over here itching my everything now.
[I know your pain. I got stuck in a house in waterworld.](https://youtu.be/vdFzW2bI_9s) Turns out that just because you can get inside by climbing a downed tree, doesn't mean you should.

Also, none of the voices are mine, shadowplay was being dumb.
Well if we retaliate, NK will definitely fire missiles at live targets. And I don't think the US Military can guarantee that they can 100% stop those missiles. So for the US to retaliate, we have to accept the likelihood that a nuclear missile will detonate somewhere.
probably hooked the car battery up to the vape pen for max vape action, na'mean?

a'suhhhhhh
My man!
That's standard practice. Probably paid leave.
Yeah, I'd kill to see it in Imax but I just know somebody in that room of hundreds will hell or clap or do something stupid. And it only takes one to make others jump in. I want that shit dead quite, and pitch black.
I can just imagine all the people yelling and screaming at different scenes like it's a shitty horror movie. 

Naw.
NSFL tag for those tiny flags man. They had tiny flag family's, you know.
Pft, maybe for some people. I did the same lazy shit in College for 4 years made it out on time.

Just remember, C's get Degrees. (And the occasional D in math because calculus doesn't mater IRL)
Hackerman 2: The Hackering
So lost without this bit. Thx op
What's with the 8-man squad..?
I think a leaderboard would make more sense
To the Shadow Lands... Ermahgurd I wanna see Asshai now pls
But will he break the wheel?!
The war will definitely hit Kings Landing. The roof is coming off that throne room, per the visions from the House of the Undying. King's Landing will probably be decimated, leaving not much left to rule over. This would give us the bittersweet ending George has talked about.
Probably a mix of steel and dragon glass, tempered with the fire from a dragon.
I mean, if we start at the beginning, when he picked up the credentials he had to show ID. So either he just so happened to have a fake ID for the guy he was impersonating, or this is just fun BS marketing.
Like, at what point does it become easier to just hire a person fluent in English to do the voice over?
Fucking love how his native accent game out in the immediate post-fight interview, and the following interviews. You could barely understand a word coming out of his mouth.
Yeah that happens early on, when it's just swollen with pus. But after awhile it just hardens into scar tissue.
He either makes it outta the round for a quick break, or hits the mat. He just wanted the chance. He said he'd rather hit the mat then not have the chance.
Naw, he was on the but that didn't fall, not on the sea side. If he died they'd show it more
That's how Floyd fights. Have you ever seen a boxing match before..?
So glad there aren't large groups of roaming assholes  on motorcycles around me
I bet it accompanies a flashback that Bran goes back to see.
*Dragonstone* is so fucking good.
They probably just abandoned the email after the deposition, I would hope.
Yes, I understand this. I was being sarcastic.
How can people be intimidated by their skinny kid abs if they are wearing shirts..?
Having power to 4 wheels has literally nothing to do with how tire tread acts on water.
I identify yellow as the sun. Ya'll going to take the sun to court for trademark infringement?
No but clearly they hate statues of Confederate generals because they owned slaves. That's it. That's the only gripe. The ownership of slaves. Nothing else they did in their lives is relevant, clearly...

Edit: Adding the /s before I get burned for witchcraft. I won't float on water, so don't try it.
I think this would be pretty complicated, there's a  whole lot of factors in a "heal all" situation. The amount of health needed to fill, how many potions per pokemon, the best way to utilize the most out of each potion so you don't waste a whole potion on 2hp, etc. etc.
Man, the prosecuting attorney put their emails on public record. That sucks.
Pft, most of Tumblr is porn. The crazies are vast minority.
They actively throttle YouTube traffic. Sooooooooooo
Woo, Proprietary cook-top and Proprietary pans!

Also, his pronunciation of the word "crepe" is hilarious.
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  


-duh
If he doesn't kill himself in his cell first.
And so began the invasion of the Weeaboo's & Neckbeards.
Mashing more clothes into your washer gives them less room for agitation, so they don't get very clean.
Did this person get a sex change just so they could pull that card on people? She'd probably get a Negroplasty if she could and ask for some slave reparations.
...can't tell if troll...   

Just going to assume troll.
You're a fucking idiot.
Do... do you know what a pyramid scheme is..?
You would still be paying a social security tax. Taxes don't stop during a government shutdown.
> NFL style

That wasn't any sort of NFL style. That was just chest to chest wreckage.
They also hired some of the best attorney's they could. So that is another reason for the expense. But yeah, paying any attorney or law firm for over a year of work is going to be expensive.
This isn't the same thing. Actually, this looks like an artist mockup. But still, the stadium looks nothing like that, nor does it sit over a highway. And it's a lot closer to the mountains.
So, when's the Hearthstone movie coming out..?
He was recently on Tosh.0 as well
Over $900 and only 64gb? Really?
It's time for Ethan to attempt the record for world's longest [Yeah boiii](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvtQYsckLxk)
No, welcome to crazy extremists. Do you want me to call the right Nazi's? No, because that would be stupid.
Sounds like a nightmare.
> A lot of people don't like the Foo Fighters and have legitimate perspectives, it's a fact

Very true, nothing wrong with that. But you don't have to be a pretentious cunt in displaying your opinion. But hey, I guess I'm just over here being butthurt by words or something.
Sounds like the things from War of the Worlds
Hey now, wait a minute...

Something seems... off....


Them is some nice new glasses, Gus! They suit your face. Keep up teh memes!
[Momma Mia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhC9KVo7S0c)
Big in the music biz are ya? To know so many people with a rich knowledge of music and music history?
And then road maintenance crews come to repair the bridge, and knock all that shit down.
Man, Ozzy's voice is pretty rough.
Yet here you are
It's 1,000% real. No fake news here.
[Steve, send the phone spiders](https://youtu.be/zLaQnrJSp9g)
Was commenting on OP calling them Antifa when he has no idea who this person is. Other than an asshole. But this sub has a raging boner to call everything "antifa" so i guess that'll happen.
No, I don't follow boxing. And people aren't all gathered around in Vegas at a Multi-Million dollar fight to see Paulie hurl shitty insults. A majority of the people coming to see this fight are MMA fans, and don't give two shits about Paulie. He looks like a fucking idiot pulling this shit, like he's absolutely desperate for attention. I don't care how successful of a boxer he was, this is pathetic.
Who nobody cared about until he sparred with Connor.
"hey look, somebody using their constitutionally-granted right to protest. I bet they're just a bunch of antifa terrorists."

wat
Alt-Right was a term coined by people to call themselves, it wasn't started to be a negative connotation.
You have to add a "?" at the end of it. Then it sounds about right.
This guy riding his coattails hard.
Wait... Nazi's hate jews, and we hate Nazi's...   

Israel is basically a jewish population, but they hate israel...

Somebody's head is going to explode
My money is on flashback with bran, seeing the wedding. Ooooh boy. And maybe we'll see him leave for the battle of the Trident, putting on his Ruby studded armor.

Well now that my expectations are high, it's time to prepare for disappointment.
[Pretty sure this is a reference to this image from a shitty video.](https://i.reddituploads.com/12b944fea17842fa9fb6915c91bf3b8b?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=cb0fab1c0a3a9094f135efaeb403b62f)
> weird campaign pep rallies

He is campaigning for reelection. I wish that was a joke.
All of the shit going on in the US right now, and he's still holding rallys...
They bitched enough to make Gary not want to deal with it anymore, and left Rust entirely. Helk is top honcho now.
people put themselves out there on American Idol, doesn't make them good.
So when is danny going to meet ghost..? I need dis
And he can sing show tunes.
I feel like with smart TVs, there's less and less of a market for a Google tv product. Especially with Chromecast.
Don't remember. I wanna say it happened in a vision in qarth.
and made a garbage edit on top of that
This isn't even an article. It's a blog post. From an unknown source that could barely install a wordpress theme.


Because this is 100% just some guy's blog. Hell, it's probably OP's blog, trying to rake in click traffic for ad revenue.
# #ESPORTSREADY
My best? My best what? What did I blow exactly?
Had the same damn thought.
Aaaaaand this sketch was 100% on point.
The cost went up when he wasn't pumping gas. Seems like an overcharge to me.
> Holding an active gas nozzle upright keeps gas pooled near the sensor.

The resting position of the nozzle is an upright position...  


> Maybe you don't believe that. Maybe you prefer to think there's a government conspiracy.

Where the fuck did this hostility come from..? And assumptions?

>I say put the damned nozzle back in place like we all do and check your receipts if you suspect fraud.

Well, he did that in the video. GG.

>Godddamn.


Bro, chill.
Lol when did I claim to care about anything here?

You're so fucking defensive, that anybody commenting at you is clearly some sort of enemy in your mind. Don't worry, I'm sure you can find some sort of safe-space echo chamber somewhere.
You're statement was to fucking stupid to write a better reply.
> The fact that you lost to Donald Trump tells me you fucked up bad.

Weird, I don't recall personally running for the office of President. Thanks for reminding me.
It's kinda hard to fuck off from the actions of the Commander in Chief.