Azeroth has some really weird plate tectonics going on
Are we really hoping his daughter gets fridged?
Especially compared to the love and care taken by Ubisoft to create condensed versions of Chicago and San Francisco for their Watch_Dogs series.

Plus the first two Infamous games had fictional cities that were clearly inspired by real cities; there's no reason they couldn't have done the same for this one instead of explicitly calling it Seattle. 
Yeah, they'd probably get along fine because they have similar leadership styles.
With Gamora what isn't clear if she was fighting for her own survival or fighting to prevent Thanos from gaining the soul stone.
Didn't Thanos get the Power Stone *after* he originally had the Mind Stone, which was in Loki's scepter?
To be fair FFXIV is only 2 expansions in so far. It doesn’t have quite the same amount of legacy content that WoW has yet. 
How dangerous is it?
The Guardians’ ship is the Benatar.
Wasn’t the mind stone the first one he actually had, though? It was in the scepter that he entrusted to Loki in the first Avengers movie. 
Knowing Cassie it's a pretty huge stretch
And Okoye's look of horrified disbelief. That entire sequence was really hard to watch.
Star Trek's teleporters aren't tractor beams, though.

In any case, no; [it was apparently coined in 1931](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tractor_beam).
So pretty much like the ending of Age of Ultron, then
Yeah! Deep fried kebabs!
- Avengers 4: The Other Half
- Avengers 4: Timey Wimey Stuff
- Avengers 4: They Come Back To Life
Given that it's Sam Jackson's character and "motherfucker" is kind of his catchphrase, I would expect the translator to go and check how it was translated in other movies (specifically Pulp Fiction and Snakes on a Plane) to preserve the reference.
Maria Hill disappears? CALL CAROL!
I wonder if it'll be like Uncharted 2's co-op missions
The first half of that trailer makes her look like jungle Batman though
> can we not *resort* to slagging each other off

ftfy
Maybe his name is Theobald

or Theon
What, you expect us to spend our own money?
Well, not *all* the way down, obviously
[Put this in your gulp task](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nyan-progress)
As an ACS(I) alumnus I take umbrage at the implication that ACS(Barker) is an elite school.

^^^/s
Pretty sure that's a spoon
I think you came to the wrong conclusion there.
That wouldn't work these days, surely. I almost never carry cash on me.
WotLK introduced phasing, actually, didn't it?
or just drive side by side with the windows down and shout real loud
It's 328 imperial million not metric million 
Seems like they've decided it's a feature that more trouble than it's worth to maintain \(perhaps it's underused, perhaps the payee relationships require too many account managers to handle, etc\) and that they'd rather devote their resources to more interesting features that aren't already duplicated elsewhere.
Was Howard played by a different duck actor in the second movie?
Symphony 92.4 is usually pretty good with this. 
> textual orientation

Left\-to\-right or right\-to\-left?
>his heart

Pretty sure Ace is confirmed heartless
Really? I used to play M:tG Revised \(Third?\) edition, Decipher's Star Wars TCG and NetRunner back in the mid\-90s. 4 months was definitely not the standard time between expansions.
Wow the replies are cancer
Oh hey it's the drunken master from Iron Fist
I've been getting a lot of Mandarin scam robo\-calls from California. I live in Seattle.
Hahahaha!
Yuudai apologists out in full force today.
RAS Syndrome
But do you shave your nips?
I started learning the violin at around 4-5 years old and didn't start learning vibrato till my teens. Don't sweat it. 
I'm using 1965 SA on the Xmit and I'm having problems with the space bar. The stabilizers don't stay in the keycap and as a result the stabilizers just drop down and might as well not be there. Any ideas?
As a \(relatively\) young Singaporean, I'm glad Singapore has changed. It continues to change. Many of the places I grew up with are already gone, and that's somewhat sad on a personal level, but the nation needs to keep moving, keep changing, keep growing.
My guess she was looking down the road to see if her bus was coming, then when she saw the bus she started walking faster.
Hulk at the back of Banner's mind after splattering onto the Bifrost:

"Wait for it... wait for it... wait for it...

"BOOM! YOU LOOKING FOR THIS?"
I mean, just because they're overdue doesn't mean they aren't rushed. 
I didn't watch Aloha State; what was this guy's character arc in that show?
Great display of RAS syndrome there 
I wonder how they'll differentiate it from the comics Iron Spider suit, if they include that as well. 
Er yeah, I presume Benedict claims to have learned the violin for *Sherlock*, but I remember watching his fingering in that first episode and he clearly did not actually know how to play the violin.

I'll allow that he mimicked it much better than some other "violinist" actors I've seen, though.
Precisely. While I appreciate the focus on Chinese food and culture... they really underestimated the Chinese ability to eat pretty much anything.
I don't recall; was she ever explicitly called Scarlet Witch in the movies so far?
That's not even a spoiler. That's the entire premise of the franchise. 
I remember getting so damn excited reading all the Androl chapters. "Now you're thinking with portals!"
You should read the *Wheel of Time* series. Portals in that world are called Gateways and one of the characters near the end of the series starts to come up with rather novel uses of weaponizing them, including:

* Opening a Gateway in the middle of someone, causing them to be sliced in half and die
* Opening a Gateway beneath a group of enemies, dropping them into a chasm
* Using Gateways to redirect projectile attacks onto other targets
* Opening Gateways into the air over enemy territory to spy on their movements
* And particularly pertinent to your post, opening Gateways in front of an enemy army into the heart of an active volcano, leading the army to be swamped by flowing magma

It was glorious.
Nah, man, they're just sleeping
Looks like the Hulk if Homer Simpson had been exposed to gamma radiation
Look down, look down
Given that they've previously said that each suit will have special abilities, I wonder if this suit will actually have the Iron Spider arms that supposedly show up in the movie.
Pretty sure only Drax cares about that
Poke is pretty much shitty chirashi anyway 
That's okay, it's not like the writers remember either
Which USB port are you using? I have the same unit and use it with my iPhone for CarPlay; only one of the two USB ports \(I forget which\) should be used for AA/CP. The other is only for iPod\-interface music library access.
There are a least 3 poke places on Market Street alone: Poke Square on the SW corner of Market and 17th, Poke Lover in the same building as The Matador and Root Table \(this is probably what /u/LostAbbott was referring to; it's not quite right across from The Majestic but it's just practically next door\), and Hotel Albatross has a poke bar as well.
Actually took me a moment to figure out what "Trela Suriv" was. That was bizarre and amazing.
The email seems to be Markdown\-formatted. Are there email clients that support Markdown in plain\-text emails?
You joke but this is basically what happened with Jimmy Olsen in Smallville. 
> wrath babies

Hasn't it been nearly a decade since Wrath came out? I love that this is still an insult to this day.
Mages also have it easy, as they have been since Vanilla.
For what it's worth it's a pretty accurate translation of the Mandarin name.
The Deke who did not recognize anyone was a younger version who hadn't met any of them yet.
I feel like if she was really convinced she was untouchable she would have poured the toxin in all 4 cups just to see how the space-time continuum would ensure her survival.
Noice. 
Is this a reference to Kandor?
The "free love" generation grew up. 
lol sorry no. Got D7 for O levels, F9 (thrice) for AO-levels, and eventually had to take CLB to get into NUS. ACS(I)/ACJC alum here.
Upvote because I too am ugly and noisy 
Which means some kind of loader animation is needed, or some other way to let the user know that a resource is loading (or failed to load).
Is that because bears have shorter lifespans compared to humans?
Why do you think Tesla's having problems with the Model 3?
If you run the rig hard enough it’ll self-combust anyway
Time to spam polders
>Crichton has always researched

Sadly, I believe this would be better phrased "Crichton always researched", since he is no longer alive.
Oh, is that what "Tory" is short for?
ICQ is still around, though, isn't it?

And also it was more of an IM program than a social network the way Friendster was.
Welp, looks like it's clobberin' time
CA should put out a Facebook app that, if you give it permissions, will show you whether or not CA has your Facebook data and what data it has on you.
And Broadcom is a Singaporean* company. I hope you're not suggesting that Singapore, a US ally, is somehow *more* of a threat to the US than Taiwan is.

*Actually it's a formerly US company currently domiciled in Singapore which plans to redomicile back to the US.
That would be an integration test 
Who?
Too bad FFXIII ditched an actual job system though 
On the other hand I would welcome a spiritual successor to FFX-2's job and combat system.
> that crappy side of Pawnee 

What, Eagleton?
Yeah no argument from me there
So you would rather they just let it slide and don't do anything at all?

I agree that more should have been done before Engle was allowed in, but now that the damage has been done, we should still do what we can to prevent it from happening again.
I... didn't *not* do it for him.....
Hey another second generation Christian here. I'm also a pastor's kid. And I'm currently living in the US. 

I can't agree with you more. I'm flabbergasted that this brand of American Evangelical Christianity is making its way to Singapore. It has no place in our society and I hope our moderate Christian leaders do more to fight this sort of heresy in our midst. 
I mean clearly she’s pretty horny
Why not just Loocator
Bad bot
Amazon shares, probably
Did he say "I've got a good idea for an electric chair"!?
I remember Luke Cage (or rather, Diamondback) referencing Obama's campaign: "YES, WE CAN."
Oh, that's creepy. And cool. 
Really? Huh, feels like it's been longer than that. I stand corrected.
I don't want to defend Yuudai, because I really dislike him as portrayed in the show, but for what it's worth: remember that we don't get to see the whole picture. The show we're watching is partially staged and thoroughly edited to provide the narrative that the execs think will increase viewership.

It's entirely possible that he's had plenty of redeeming moments which we just haven't gotten to see because they don't fit the narrative. I very much doubt it, but it's *possible*.
Is it not actually a gift exchange through RedditGifts, a separate website with its own usage policy?
Well, what could go right?
Was he even really Hydra? When we first met his character he was just a rich kid living the high life until Ward convinced to follow in his father's footsteps, whereupon he almost immediately screwed up and ended up in SHIELD custody.
As long as there's a bouncy castle
Holy smokes, that thing costs ¥20000?!
Dear lord, is there nowhere I can go to be safe from the Boosh?

Just kidding, bring it on. Would love to see the SHIELD team hunt down the Hitcher.
Oh is that Tom Haverford?
Quindent
That belt buckle looks impractical and uncomfortable
The main problem with "Mike's" claims is that, from our perspective, we know it's at best incredibly unlikely that Coulson's brain could have predicted the events of Winter Soldier, The Dark World, Age of Ultron and Civil War.
\#untilitdoesnt
Yeah it's a great place for senior men to bang ladies and for senior women to get together and raise their kids
Does building a house (or glorified shed) for AirBNB use actually increase housing capacity, or just take business away from hotels?

Not sarcastic; genuinely asking.
Narp?
In Portal, which was first-person with barely any cutscenes, we still found ways to see Chell.
All I can say is...

[Donut Drake.](https://youtu.be/scVRBSfy8ok)
PS4 exclusive?
If there's no combat then... what's the point of the dungeon? Exploration? Loot? Puzzles?
I had my wedding dinner nearly 10 years ago at a small Hokkien restaurant on Chulia St. 19 tables, only two of which were for my family and friends and the rest were for my wife's parents' guests. 

Do whatever you want and have the celebration you want to have. It's your day. But don't burn bridges to get your way. Marriage should be about uniting two families. 
Christian Slater?
Make the Horcrux a Portkey and you're set. 
If biting your lip makes you lesbian then I guess I'm a lesbian too


I'm not sure Jessica would ever want to put purple highlights in her hair unless that's the costume designer's way of representing Kilgrave in her head 
Yeah I know, my previous post was tongue-in-cheek. The amount of power that would be lost transmitting from the floor to the car would probably negate the benefits of going electric in the first place.

I remember seeing a video of Tesla superchargers have charging cables that automatically navigated to and inserted themselves in the car's charging port. I wonder if that sort of thing might find its way to home garages eventually so you literally wouldn't have to think about charging your car whenever you're at home.
especially if I can make it go pew pew whenever I turn on my headlights

Why don't we have customizable car horns?
A huge-ass wireless charger built into the floor of your garage!
Really makes you realize how Owen and Beru went from their early 20s at Luke's birth to their 60s when Luke was only about 19 years old. I guess all that heat and sun really does awful things to your skin.
You should see some of the other discussion threads on Reddit about this piece of news. Redditors think that Broadcom is a Chinese company and are lauding this White House move as a defense of national security.
Which head unit do you have?
Just announced on Discord:

> The server has begun automatically removing players who have been inactive for 36 hours and have a score of 0.
[Infinity War is.....different](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uaClHZVvD0)
It was far, far better than Benedict's!
Isn't this the point of the game? That you and other players are collectively building a city?
But the Jedi forsake all relatives
Yeah I've seen a lot of people in this sub recommending skipping the first season but I could never do it
Bear in mind that the show really finds its footing in Season 2 and gets better every season. Season 1 is a little hit-and-miss but I would never forego just for the way it sets up the characters and one or two over-arching plotlines.
Well, looks like we jumped straight to /u/Deesing82's step 6
Tell that to Ace
Felicity would probably be a Red Lantern because she makes everyone angry all the time
It's broken now, I assume because of these awful CSS class names that they're using.
That doesn't do what I want it to do... I'd want to have the content frame wider to fill the screen, without changing the size of the sidebar or the size of the type.

Nothing some user CSS overrides couldn't do, I suppose.

Here's the CSS override to use:

    .dnl4h9-5 {
    	max-width: none !important;
    }

    .tt0yx6-0 {
	    width: 100% !important;
    }

    .s1qail5-3 {
        max-width: none !important;
    }

It doesn't bother me. I'd rather have an annoying warning that I'm in reverse, than to forget that I'm in reverse and hit the gas pedal.
The article says “destroy her life”... did Devon Sawa get a sex change?
If I remember correctly Catwoman was voiced by Grey Delisle in Arkham City. 
Munny
I just played Watch_Dogs 2 a few weeks ago and I didn't even know this sidequest was based on a true story.
Alternately it's possible his employer has since left the company but OP hasn't. 
> This doesnt happen in my country where everyone minds their own business. 

Lol, well, that's an understatement.

Which church do you attend in Singapore?
That's okay, I'll just refuse to support businesses like this.
Wait, so if I have a traditional 401k with employer contributions, I can transfer that into a Roth IRA?
That's amazing. I have an older AMK 5-Rm so I don't know what that is like :(
Thanks
So I should both max out my 401k contributions and max out my Roth IRA contributions (currently $5500/yr as I understand it)?
As a second floor flat owner fumigation is just as bad. Even if you tape up your chute like you're advised to, all the goddamn nymphs still squeeze their way through 
Holy shit the newer flats have Ethernet in the walls?!?!?!
How the hell is "liaison" a homonym for "lie is on"?! 
That's ok. Google forgot about it too. 
Hmm just noticed they're both named after Old Testament patriarchs. 
I don't think he said anything in TFA
As a non-American living in the US, that is definitely not the message I've been getting from your political leadership.
Washington has no state income tax, and is where a large portion of Amazon employees live.
Now I want Gwyneth Paltrow screaming "What's in the box?!"
Taking a cigarette break while you're filling up your car with gasoline. That's how freak gasoline accidents happen!
No, no, no. Let's put a twist on it: kid loses parents to criminal element, cops can't/wont catch killer, kid goes apeshit. Possibly becomes THE NIGHT.
I can't wait to see her invent Voltron
Yeah, check that vibranium privilege
Looks like he stole it from Cloud Strife
Couldn't be worse than Wilson Fisk's Mandarin, or even Madame Gao's Mandarin.

Or, god forbid, Oliver Queen's Mandarin. 
The sonic cannon made short work of the vibranium car, but was unable to cause any significant damage to the vibranium-weave Black Panther suit.
Y'know I bet Shuri could heal his blindness
Yes, but /u/Skwealer is specifically talking about the ink. While the plastic should hold up, it's possible that the ink might not. Just another variable to consider.
I have a 2015 MBP which *can* do the Watch unlock... But won't because of corporate security policy. 
Perhaps but then they wouldn't have enough surface area to be useful solar panels.

Also, solar panels are usually aimed upwards for better angle of light, and most windows don't aim upwards. (This is why Trump's idea of putting solar panels on his Mexico wall is asinine.)
Polkamon is also a polka but doesn't use any original lyrics (it's just the names of a bunch of Pokemon).


Jokes aside, solar requires the light to be captured and converted, so solar panels would make pretty terrible windows.
No, Mr Bond. I expect you to *pay*.
I mean at this point if I see a grill I assume it's Greg
Isn't that why we always try to book out in civvies?
I'm not sure you can blame the actor for that.
T'Challa asked M'baku to take care of her. She probably wasn't as physically able to take part in the mission.
What about Peter Parker?
One bit of luck I think he had is that he couldn't have known that Bucky killed Howard and Maria until after he got the mission report. His reason for finding the mission report was to acquire information about the other Winter Soldiers first and foremost, and finding out about Bucky assassinating Tony's parents was just lucky icing on the cake.
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/what-are-those

Seems like it actually originated around 2011, making it extra dated.
But maybe their livestock (for labor, perhaps) eat fish? Maybe their mounts or war animals which we didn't get to see? Maybe they use fish oil for their hair?

Just because they don't eat fish doesn't mean they don't have any reasons to be fishermen.
Assuming he wasn't lying to Ross (which he easily might have been), he did claim that the sonic cannon was upgraded Wakandan tech.
Shuri's line "You have much to learn" implies (but not much more than that, I'll grant you) that he's been under for some time. Additionally, his "thank you" also implies that the Wakandans managed to break him free of his mind control. Both these lines imply that some significant amount of time has passed since the end of Civil War.
T'Challa didn't sense anything, though, at least not with superpowers. As I recall he was standing by the window, saw a suspicious van move into position and correctly intuited that it was a bomb. The only thing supernatural was how accurate he was about the exact moment of the explosion. Imagine if Zemo had put the bomb on a longer timer; T'Challa would've heroically tackled T'Chaka only for nothing to happen (for a while).
Was there even any followup to the "updated EMP balls"? I was expecting that to be a Chekov's Gun but apparently not.
Wasn't that the premise of some POSB ad a few years ago?
That had better be a [Shaun of the Dead reference](https://youtu.be/JpQNw46Sl24)
The death penalty applies to trafficking not consumption. 
It's really a "anything-except-the-hands-unless-you're-the-goalkeeper"-ball
More like a hundred good kids with guns!
That spider looks like a necktie
Uh isn't it the same price as the PC version?
The next step obviously is to arm all the kids
Just buy a new one 
Isn't it kind of difficult to headbutt someone's balls unless you're really short
Wait, I thought there were no reflections
Ray definitely should shrink though
The worthiness enchantment was placed on Mjolnir after the opening scenes of Thor, so it likely was not in place when Hela was wielding Mjolnir.
Wait, is that really what happened to guilty parties in that game? o.o
In general I'd love to see the new jobs reworked into more traditional FF jobs: Samurai instead of Bushi (with Gil Toss being SAM-specific), Dragoon instead of Uhlan (though adding a Jump technick might be difficult), Ninja instead of Shikari (hopefully with proper dual-wielding), etc
Just one Lego?
Actually, isn't it BWV?
You'll only see it if you manage to get a screenshot before the content is lazy-loaded
LOOK AT ME.

I am the breading now.
What if Mass Effect is the future, and we are the Reapers?
But without Witchers to keep the monsters in check, won't they increase in number?
So is practically everything else in this photograph
I got mine through the DirecTV deal as well and I have to say... I don't understand the appeal of DirecTV at all.
VAHS
That reminds me I should play X-2 again
Precisely. Yet the AoT movies were comprised of Japanese actors speaking Japanese. To their credit Misaka was played by a mixed-race actress but still.
Isn't that pretty much how Grab started?
The FMA games were a lot of fun too
*This* is the one time? What about the horrendous "Attack on Titan" live action movies? 

Or the German conductor in "Nodame Cantabile"?
Go back to Pawnee, Perd
I've got bad news for you...

Also, while I know you were just joking, you'd think that someone who grew up on the ocean would know what [trolling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trolling_\(fishing\)) is.
Actually the Death Note Japanese live action movies were a pretty solid adaptation. Or at least the first two were. 

And the Rurouni Kenshin live action trilogy was excellent. 
So what you're saying is, what worked was turning it off and on again.
key line pie?
This was the Bruce and Clark post:

https://redd.it/7wzfd6
[Yes.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Into_the_Great_Unknown). Furthermore, Solo's skeleton is (much) later found by Indiana Jones.
It's a Galaxy Quest reference.
That chinbutt, tho
No way, he spelled Alisaie incorrectly 
Cut him some slack, he just figured out the words for turning people into fish.
I agree in theory, I just wish the crossover episodes would have made it really clear that that's the case. Instead they made it look like he's barely faster than her, if at all. 
Oh noes, the students have to read on their own, how awful
Something's not quite right...
It's crazy to think that there could have been an entire planet of these ridiculously powerful beings right next door to Earth.
Yes, but unless he is significantly faster than Supergirl, she can just dodge it.
Pancakey face
My wife, when applying to do her Master of Law in the UK, was initially asked to provide IELTS (or maybe it was TOEFL), even though she had completed a Bachelor of Law in NUS.
To be fair people IRL always mispronounce my name so I'll only be convinced when I hear Reeve himself say it. 
Is it only the PE that has this magic system or does the main game do this too?
That's the Dadaluma program's knockback, right? Yeah I always try to time Holmgang or Inner Release with that.
It's useful to time the Air Force Load, since the AoE stun that comes immediately after has a short cast time and cannot be avoided (esp by MT) if you wait till the AoE marker appears before running.
George Lucas, probably. Didn't Padme mention it in Episode 1? And it explains why she's only a Senator in Eps 2 and 3; her term as Queen had ended. 
Which I don't have anyway, I'm just wondering if it'd be a decent replacement for the TV's own speakers. 
Does the HomePod really fill the room with sound? If my TV is in front of me but the HomePod is, say, in a corner of the room somewhere behind me, will it still make for a satisfying movie experience?
So I could AirPlay video to my AppleTV, with audio then redirected to a HomePod? That seems like a lot of latency to compensate for.
Any Apple device? Even an AppleTV?
The queen of Naboo is an elected position, not a hereditary one 
I mean, it's possible that it was a custom-animated opening for a recut of the same show, which is why I'm asking
Is that even the same show?!
I was thinking of the [Pacha meme](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/pacha-edits-when-the-sun-hits-that-ridge-just-right) when I saw the picture
They just need to cycle the roads instead and that'll help boost their physical fitness
Hardly any of us will have the kind of experience you're asking for, because the H1B1 requires your employer's sponsorship and in all likelihood your employer or their law firm will handle all this stuff for you. 
God I hope so
You came pretty close. Serafinowicz. 
I hate IRL sports and I love playing FFX blitzball (X-2 blitzball wasn't nearly as fun though)
The iPad doesn't even have a calculator app, how can it have a computer app?
Wasn't it the BvS Batfleck suit?
It's almost definitely a reference to ABBA's *Mamma Mia*
If CLB is still an option then this is definitely the right answer. I failed AO Chinese as well and eventually took CLB when I was in NS. CLB is so easy it's a joke. 
Singapore wasn't even vaguely recognizable in Pirates. There was nothing about the setting which actually said it was Singapore. Almost as bad as Singapore in Deus Ex: Human Revolution. 
I was thinking more along the lines of a traffic overpass, so that the pedestrian walkways would be shaded but not enclosed. 
That's a good point, so why not raise the intersection over a level pedestrian path instead? Doing it this way places a limit on the height of vehicles passing through the intersection, whereas it's much less restrictive to place a limit on the height of pedestrians.
Yeah I'll definitely give you that. Smallville made it seem like Clark was the primary reason for Lex's villainy; in a world without Kryptonians, Smallville's Lex Luthor might have held out against his father's bad influence.
I wonder if the iOS version still works... now I feel like playing it again.
We already went down that road with Smallville. It would be nice if the CW would STOP GOING DOWN THAT GODS DAMNED ROAD
Probably a really painful way to move around
Save the Lighthouse, save the world.
If flossing is a pain in your ass you might be doing it wrong...
Yes but it's clear that the CJ wasn't taking direct instructions from LKY in this matter. Rather it even seems like CJ was saying "LKY telling MPs not to write letters? Ok sure let's make sure we paotoh any MP letters back to PAP!"
I think you are misreading it?

LKY instructed MPs not to write letters. CJ gave separate instructions to the Registrar to return any such letters to the PAP. 
I'd pick American every time. Your opportunities are just so much greater. 
I wonder how badly they're affected by the Spectre bug
> Never buy a gateway

Is Gateway2000 even still around these days?

[Wow, they actually are](http://www.gateway.com/gw/en/US/content/home)
Looks to me like an egret mashed up with a ferret.
No, I'm saying that I'm used to it on a Playstation controller but not on an Xbox controller. It's weird. I actually prefer O for confirm and X for cancel on PS consoles but with this Xbox controller my thumb keeps going to the wrong button. 
The weird thing is that if I was playing this on a PS4 (or using a DS4 controller with my PC) I'd have no problem at all using O for confirm and X for cancel. But because I'm using an XBox controller, I can't get used to using B for confirm and A for cancel. I can't explain it.
Presumably he didn't know how! The app is just trying to help!
Yeah. If anything Tony should have added a parachute after his little high altitude incident in Iron Man 1.

It's possible he decided that the Iron Man suits don't need a parachute since they are capable of sustained flight, whereas Spidey has no such ability. 
On my JVC M730BT I can start any audio app in CarPlay then back out to the stock JVC interface and do anything else without interrupting the audio. 
That's what subtitles are for!
There's an imperial gajillion of them.

I like to think that the designers were thinking "Well, we gave them flying mounts just like they wanted... now how can we make them regret asking for flying mounts?"
It's not like this would even be new for the FF franchise. Black magic Escape or Warp should fill this role, or an Escape Rope item.
I mean at this point Denuvo can't be as performance-altering as the Spectre/Meltdown patches.
Don't you mean "\"?
Is there really a market for this given that, for example, the JVC M370BT is available on Amazon for $300?
I mean, if (for example) he downloaded a single archive which had 50,000 photos in it, you *could* argue that it amounted to a single error of judgment...
Shit, I went full retard
Hmm IMDb also lists Boseman as 6' (or 1.83m). Maybe RDJ is on plats? He *is* closer to the camera.
~~Wow he towers over Boseman. Is their height difference really that stark?~~

Edit: IT'S NOT CHADWICK BOSEMAN
Gee, I wonder if Duncan Jones is involved in this
Sounds a lot like the premise behind [Downsizing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Downsizing_\(film\)).
The main benefit I see is that rideshares reduce the parking burden in the city, so ideally we'd be able to have fewer parking garages.

Unfortunately there's no way for that to lead to wider streets to make up for the increased traffic.
Corollary question: why don't cases just use a non-conducting liner material instead of bare metal to prevent this from happening? Is it a heat issue?
Oh gods, it really exists?
I wonder if this is due to some change at Apple, perhaps as a result of SiriKit opening up thanks to the HomePod?

I can only hope that this will eventually lead to alternative navigation apps. I really want Waze on CarPlay, and at least one offline navigation app like Sygic.
Wait this isn't cosplay?!
Sadly, not a whole lot
*The Tick* was Darth Maul
Oh I didn't mean to downplay Loki's combat skills. Sure he's a skilled fighter but he's not, primarily, a warrior. His true strength lies in his charm and manipulation. Thor on the other hand is a straight up brute force type of fighter and has also been in far more combat situations. 
More importantly, Loki wasn't a warrior. Thor's the one who's trained for combat.
Never mind Coulson, Howard Stark is obviously the true thread that binds the MCU together.
ok
There was a sequel/reboot series only a couple years ago though
The JVC M730BT does have the warning message, but it automatically dismisses after 10 seconds if you don't press the button.
Well it didn't matter that I had access to it (I was only illustrating how ubiquitous and common it was); as long as the pirated game shop we bought our games from had a photocopier (and they always did), we got our pirated games along with photocopies of the manuals including all the piracy prevention information.
It was useless DRM; I grew up in Singapore and bought almost exclusively pirated games throughout the 90s. This DRM was easily circumvented by basic technology we all had access to in school: a photocopier.
That's why he's perfect for a first-year perspective movie!
So basically another Tower of Babel adaptation?
I'm Singaporean so yes, I do have more than a passing familiarity with Singapore. But I have heard some argue against Singapore's classification as a developed nation, even other Singaporeans. One of the phrases bandied about these days is "first world economy, third world citizens". So even if we accept that of course Singapore is a developed nation, that doesn't necessarily mean that it's a progressive one. 

Thank you so much for your eager defense of Singapore! :)
As I understand it, RFID is not involved. It's all done by cameras.
Don't forget Singapore, where we still have a mandatory death penalty for certain offences.

Whether you count Singapore as a developed nation or not is a different matter, though.
Lightning Returns is also not included for some reason, even though FFXIII and XIII-2 are.
Oh gods, now I know why people were complaining about that faceplant
no money for COE

alternately, stuck in ponding
Yes, as is PIN number and ATM machine. They all suffer from RAS Syndrome.

(RAS stands for Redundant Acronym Syndrome)
Interesting. So basically you could use any non-metallic material to make a replacement. Perhaps it's time to see what you can achieve with a 3D printer!
Is there any actual tech in the emblem that makes it that expensive or is it just a different design?
It's probably too late for you, but looking at the owner's manual:

- the tank is 11.9 gallons
- the minimum amount of fuel to add to turn off the low fuel warning light is 1.6 gallons

Assuming 45mpg and that your light *just* came on, you've got maybe about 40 miles left in that tank.
For what it's worth... this is documented in the owner's manual, which I know none of us actually read.
And also a Tumblr thing
I love the image of a civilian watching a decked out soldier run over to him, in a clearly panicked state, possibly screaming, and deciding now's finally the time to unfreeze and NOPE the hell out of there.
NICK FURY IS STRONGEST THERE IS
maybe he just hates instant messaging
It wouldn't help. I work at that building and have driven and cycled past this intersection many times. The traffic light timings are awful. When the light is green for North and South, the traffic looks like what it does in the photo. There's no space for drivers to turn right from the south or to turn left from the north. Then when the light is red, the east west lights all along Mercer then green, traffic moves but by the time the north south light turn green again there's again no space to turn onto Mercer. North south drivers are fucked either way. 
They're also removing content so I'm not sure how to feel about that. Hope the Assassin's Festival will make a comeback after the Royal Edition release. 
Low crime isn't no crime!
I brought my PS2 to camp and played FFX in the mess while everyone else was sleeping. 
I got that once when I had the TBC Arrakoa disguise on. It was hilarious. 
In the next DLC maybe
I would say that if Batman is really Batman, then Bruce Wayne *started* to die when his parents perished, and only truly died and became a mask when Batman was born which was years later.
I was in San Diego over the holidays and was driving a rental Jeep Grand Cherokee with the UConnect 8.4 with CarPlay. It was glorious! The screen was large enough that I had CarPlay with car control toolbar below CarPlay and a statusbar above. I really really liked that.
I keep hearing this complaint about Siri reading out messages when you open the Messages app on the phone, and I'm wondering what I'm doing wrong because that doesn't happen for me.
Yeah don't worry. Each character isn't supposed to be completely likeable. They each have good points and bad points. 
This might be a better search:
http://www.wowhead.com/boar-npcs/min-level:1/max-level:110#0+2+1

Same result though. No boars between 71 and 90.
I somewhat ambivalent on real life SJWs: I think the core of the movement is good, but there are a lot of cringey vocal members of that group. I actually really enjoyed Gert's character; she's clearly written to be one of those cringey vocal members, but in a way that sort of satirizes it. As others have said that aspect of her character fades away a bit, and later on she gets some kind of comeuppance regarding it as well, but I feel that the writers definitely balanced it out later on so keep watching!

If it really annoys you remember that she's a young teenager who's found a cause to rebel against. She's meant to be annoying.
Are there no boars in Cata zones?
The [PSX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PSX_\(digital_video_recorder\)) was something different, wasn't it?
Probably just a localization problem!
Even though none of those basic girls would think whatever an actual nerd wears is "just adorable"
If I wasn't satisfied with the Apple ecosystem in every other aspect of my life, I'd switch to Android (again) just to get Waze on my head unit.
On the other hand, I'm happy to add a couple minutes to my drive if it means I just drive in a straight line instead of going all over the place.
TLDR:

- 2019 Avalon confirmed, plus some other 2019 models including Lexus models
  - All Avalon trims get CarPlay on a 9" touchscreen display
- Requires EnForm 2.0 or EnTune 3.0
  - Possible 2018 vehicle support *not* confirmed
- Wired only, no wireless CarPlay
- Android Auto support has *not* been announced
I'd love to see him play a Hawkeye fanboy
> Baby it's Cold Outside

For what it's worth:
http://bigbutterandeggman.tumblr.com/post/154013148291/teachingwithcoffee-its-time-to-bring-an-end-to
Wait, so did he suck it or cut it?
We can assume that she will return to the present at some point, and would then be able to destroy the Earth and close the loop.
>  We don’t think anything of the rocks

Speak for yourself. I kept thinking of Magneto.
"Fremulon."
Not really. You get used to it. 
I was driving a rental GC with Carplay over the holidays so I assume that was the 2018 model? The Carplay integration was really really nice, almost made me want to buy a Jeep.
[Eternals.](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/fwWrUNeUPqAGcuy7ggY_zCdFtCaJKpcZiu0q7DipnEGE9DKJag5_W5DdFaWJCqgv8ommjuyqbO20JA=s1600)
DC's or Marvel's?
Maybe I'm a lion.
The stereo should come with its own USB ports. I use a JVC m730-BT in a Lancer and I have a cable hanging out of my glove compartment for my iPhone.
I apologize then. I once found out one of my secondary school friends had a family business selling four-leaf clover products and it really pissed me off. Can't stand the hold that superstition seems to have over Singaporeans. 
The funny thing is that most of us non-citizens come from countries where we absolutely would expect government agencies to be cooperating and providing info to each other. It's only Americans who seem to have a genuine expectation of privacy and a separation of bodies of government (and possibly an inmate distrust of government). 
What the hell does that have to do with anything? Should we also have stopped eating chicken rice last year?


Hmm you're right. She doesn't. I wonder where I remember her from then; I recall reading a comic that featured an adult Molly Hayes. 
Molly also shows up in Nextwave, doesn't she?
There's still Kingdom Hearts... If that even ends up coming out for the PS4 at all
Most of those look like they're used correctly and really aren't ambiguous...

But the "Cum Dumpling" one is just bad.
They're called "virgin killers" for a reason
Thanks, that's much better detective work.
Sometimes. It's a great feeling. 
The best is when you release one as you're walking out the carriage, right before the doors close.

I also particularly enjoy releasing farts as I'm walking down the bus, perfectly at nose level.
I actually almost exclusively use the green side
To be fair that implies the asker has a basic idea of supply and demand affecting currency prices, so that's not too bad already
less smoof
Guessing from the initials provided, the copywriter for this ad might be ~~[Susan Jenkins](https://www.linkedin.com/in/susan-jenkins-74ab0123/)~~.
It's from 1999? That's recent enough that surely the agency that did this should still be around, or have records of some sort.

According to [this page](https://www.adforum.com/creative-work/ad/player/9637/guinea-pig/partnership-for-a-drug-free-america) it seems to have actually been produced by "Partnership for a Drug-Free America", with the Singapore-specific logo appended to the end of the PSA.

The page I linked seems to have a list of execs and creatives who were involved in this ad, so (assuming the list is accurate) it should be possible to contact someone on that team who might know about the song.
I'm amazed that in a world with PayPal, Western Union still exists
> Stranger Things 2 (good), the Netflix Marvel TV series (good), Marco Polo (so-so) and Bright (bad)

Why do journalists feel the need to rag on *Bright* so much? 
Looks like it's parsing Jesus date of death (33 AD according to the Wikipedia article) as 2033.
BLAST THAT PIECE OF JUNK OUT OF THE SKY!
No, not the younglings!
I definitely need more Alice in my life.
That voice was almost the Joker voice, too.
There's no gettin' offa dis train we're on!
Not necessarily. It could be that the keycap is too tight on the stem, which forced the stem to break rather than to slide off.
Yeah, the line through "Paul" is what I'm referring to. It's clearly a graphical glitch; I was wondering if it's only on my phone (maybe a botched download) or if others are experiencing it as well.
Teeny Titans is similar but not quite. It pretty much scratched the itch for me, though.
What if he spreads avocado on toast
The Prius shows stuff like the gas consumption and economy on the main head unit, I believe. I would assume that would get lost if I replace the head unit (but I haven't confirmed this yet either).
How much of that "sounds like crap" is due to the head unit and how much due to speakers? Will replacing the head unit really have that big of an impact on audio quality?
Wouldn't I lose access to a lot of native functionality if I replace the head unit?

I'm currently driving a 2014 Lancer with an after-market head unit. No problems there because the OEM head unit was purely audio and really basic. But the Prius uses the head unit for car-specific displays, doesn't it?
Sure. I'm fully aware that the petition will have near-zero impact. But at the same time, it's also near-zero effort so why not?
I'd really like to get a hybrid. The Prius is pretty much the gold standard for hybrids right now, so it's very compelling. Is CarPlay/Android Auto a dealbreaker for me? No, not really. But would I really prefer it over Entune? Absolutely, yes.

If I could pay Toyota for a higher trim level that would get me CP/AA, I most certainly would, and that's how I would vote with my pocketbook. But that's not currently an option.
It's almost as if the writers were just making things up as they went along...
Even if they aren't, the fixes being rolled out are probably not going to be that discriminating.
I mean, just knowing it's a Singapore-registered car should make it pretty easy to track down. How many of these things could there possibly be?
I was experiencing this glitch before he started breaking the placard so I don't think it's related. 
Bonus: "descendant" is spelled incorrectly.
I mean the whole point of that is that the bush *didn't* burn
Well, they also did things like show Thor with both eyes intact as he confronted Hela on the Bifrost in the trailer, but in the movie obviously he'd already lost an eye by that point. So it's not unprecedented that they may deliberately mislead or hide things in the trailer.
Came hoping for helicarriers. Disappointed. :/
Did you see that ludicrous display by SQ last night?
It looks even more ancient to me because I almost never saw it even when I was running XP. XP allowed fairly extensive system UI theming (if you applied a hacked DLL) and there was a great community of Windows XP theme designers. 
The bit where Thor threw a ball at the glass in Hulk's room, and the ball bounced off the glass and hit him.
Yes, I too would love a scene in which Deadpool brutally murders Marc Guggenheim
Yeah I mean it's not like we refer to "Jesus Christ" as just "Christ" or anything similar to that... Khaleesi.
Maybe they'll get the hint when they realize all their customers are moving overseas to get away from them
Watch it in German with subtitles. Why waste time on dubs?
Bright?
Pretty much all the Disney movies are musicals
oh dear lord I need that xiaolongbao cap
Apple doesn't allow the submission of third-party navigation apps for Carplay, so the ball absolutely is in Apple's court right now.

I really want Waze on CarPlay, but I also want to have offline navigation apps like Tomtom or Sygic as well for all those times that you're driving in an area with poor or no cell reception. Both Android Auto and CarPlay right now only offer internet-enabled navigation apps, which must suck for *some* drivers.
Huh. I could've sworn it was a picture of Mark Gatiss. 
He was even in Heroes!
Possibly tried to overtake and didn't see the oncoming car. Or not used to driving on the right side of the road and veered into the wrong lane when not paying attention. 
It'll probably speed up if you annihilate all your enemies
> no scare tactics

Fear toxin doesn't count as a "scare tactic"?
I miss tipping in DogeCoin
That's pretty cool. Thanks!
The crazy dude was Shield of Light (Tikka's group) not Inferni (Leilah's group)
I mean I've seen minimalist theatre with much less in terms of set and props and actors seem to do well there so I don't see how green screen is all that much different.
Well, Fitz also stashed away Mack's shotgun-axe, so I assume he knows what size rounds to pack. It'd be hilarious if he gets to 2091 and Mack is all like "You know these rounds don't fit in this shotgun, right"
Alternatively ask your boyfriend for a record player for christmas

¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
[Yes it was, along with Quake's gauntlets.](https://imgur.com/a/yAsOQ)

I assume the 3 boxes are shotgun ammo; any idea what the other items are?
Tom Collins!
Sounds like Sandford...
Looks like they were just trying to help you pre-brew your tea, going by the amount of water damage on that box!
China's a big place. Lots of ethnic minorities even within China. Go further south to around Yunnan and you'll definitely find people who look like this.

Is Jubilee's actual ancestry ever discussed in the comics? Just wondering if there's any canon for where her parents or grandparents are from.
I thought that was a nice callback to the blue milk he used to drink on Tatooine. 
Wait, GST went up to 9%?

Man I'm out of the loop
Are there any transport unions which would lobby against automation as well? I know in London they have a problem with this.
HOV lane compliance is done via regular cameras? That seems unreliable to me. I always assumed they used thermal imaging.

*Edit*: Though now that I think about it, the heat of the engine might make it hard to detect the heat of the passengers. 
I use CarPlay on a JVC head unit and pinching to zoom doesn't work. I assume CarPlay doesn't support it due to the wide variety of hardware it has to support but I don't know that for sure.
Even more annoyingly, as a boolean expression "Not A and B" actually means "(not A) AND (B)" which is clearly not what we mean when we say that in English.
Not as out of luck as I am on 11.2.1 I suspect
Maybe a golden calf
Hm, I wasn't aware cortosis had been mentioned in the prequels. I only know it from the EU.
I also suspect anyone criticizing Holdo's actions and supporting Poe has never experienced what military chain of command is like.
It's Rentokil, not Raid
Cortosis. I don't know if that's still canon, though. 
Skum. 
This guy: https://youtu.be/z4FGzE4endQ
But what happens when you get revived as a zombie and then have a permanent insatiable hunger for brains?
Rogue looks like she just stepped in poop and absorbed all its memories
The Stephen Mangan one or the Elijah Wood one?
cockgobbling?
Forsaken dicks are 100% boner
Which one of those is the PCMR sticker?
I'm a huge Roald Dahl fan but I couldn't get past the first couple of minutes of that picture.
Started playing this during a work meeting but had to stop because I was tearing up. Man I'm sorry
Or the fact that OP took a photo of an iPad displaying a photo in the Photos app
Hyur, hyur.
Sounds like they found a way to make it more stealth-oriented by disincentivising straight-up combat...?
Also, "a software".
Ah my mistake, I didn't see that OP was open to buying used. Sorry!
The Volvo XC60 isn't anywhere near 30k, though, at least for a new one. I was looking on the Volvo website earlier and it starts around $49k.
Whereabouts on the West coast? I'm in Seattle.
I'm in Seattle; the cost of living here is pretty high... but I'm fairly certain you have it worse!

Plus you've got access to much better Asian food.
Well, firstly it's misleading: on my first read it seemed that Maserati, the company, was responsible somehow. (At least "hit by *a* Maserati" would have been clearer.)

Secondly it diminishes the responsibility and culpability of the driver for his actions, unless the car was at fault due to some kind of malfunction, which according to the article doesn't seem to be the case.
Yeah I'm not blaming you, I'm blaming the BBC
Working.
Admittedly I've only been here for a year so far, so my post was a little disingenuous.

I've been back once, but not by choice; I had to attend a wedding. If not for that I wouldn't have gone back.

Nothing about my personality, I just hate Singapore weather. I would gladly suffer Trump to never have to perspire just from *walking* again.
Surely they were hit by a driver, not by a Maserati.

If they'd been shot instead, the headline wouldn't be "PCs critical after being shot by Glock".
Counterpoint: I left Singapore for the States and I don't miss it.
That's pretty much the Mon-El meme right there
I buy it every time there's an update, but mostly because I always automatically update without thinking and then find that the new version requires a new license and it's easier to just pay for it than figure out how to downgrade
"Gay old fart" makes him sound like a Flintstone
Actually I'm wondering if maybe Molly's powers deliberately go unexplained this season because they were hedging their bets on the Fox deal
Don't forget he was also Brainiac in Smallville. 
Not to mention Dale Yorke confirmed he has the ability to alter memories in this episode so could Nico be a clone created after Amy's death, and all the kids' memories of Nico be fabricated?
Google Maps has ferry avoidance as an option along with tolls and highways. I guess the assumption Apple is making that ferries are generally unavoidable? But I live in Seattle and there are often alternatives to taking the ferry that, while longer, often save money while being roughly equal in time taken.
Well CarPlay is designed around the idea that you should never be touching your phone when you're driving anyway. Here in Seattle a law was recently passed to that effect: no picking up your phone even at stop lights.
I wish it also had the option to avoid ferries :|
> walah

voilà
It's an outlet that supplies 220V, and an appliance that expects to receive 110V.
When I was living in a student dorm in London a couple years back, one day my wife and I heard a loud bang from a nearby room. We looked into the hallway and saw smoke coming out of the room. Apparently the American student living there had tried to plug her 110V desk fan into the 220V outlet.
Well, it *is* officially called "Ballroom Etiquette: Diamond Dust"
Robot-arm Charlie reminded me of Barry in Archer, actually.

As for Tilde returning as Eggsy's girlfriend, I thought that was a nice inversion of the usual spy trope where the protag has one-night stands all the time.
Well we never saw a body or even a funeral so it's completely possible she'll turn up in the inevitable sequel, just like Harry recovered from an apparent onscreen death.
The way Ginger was so ready with the photograph and knew exactly how to trigger his recovery implied that it wasn't his first time recovering via alpha gel.
Yeah but then Charlie is less likely to have felt so betrayed and wouldn't have blown up the Italian lab.
All I care about is what this means for Kingdom Hearts
That's an interesting way to look at it. I always thought of "Adventure" games as point-and-click games like The Dig, Day of the Tentacle, Monkey Island, etc.
That's so cool. Thanks!
Lana did the Kryptonite-powered supersuit before Alex did, even.
Ride's not over yet.
That looks great. Did you get those pieces out of retail kits or buy individual parts from a store somewhere?
I'd like to see some better photos of that headphone/gamepad Lego stand!
And this is why you do not take too many liberties with your translation, especially with an unfinished work.
Better make sure you print out enough pamphlets
I don't even understand the logic of swearing on the Bible, which explicitly instructs Christians not to swear oaths. 
To be fair, in a modern computer simulation of Ancient Egypt
Oh, man, I thought the short length was the only thing making it not worth full price. Damn it.
Eh. Is it still a wonton if it's left open like that? Seems closer to a baked shaomai.
To be fair I'd be perfectly willing to pay $8-10 for that single player campaign.
Hmm thanks, I missed that. Looks like they only have stores in Taiwan at the moment. 
Did you figure out how to do volume control from Steam? I can go back to my PC and adjust volume there but it's a bit of a hassle.
Not quite the same I think. Yolé appears to be an established brand in Europe, whereas LiHo was a completely new enterprise by the former franchisee. 
Yep. Hence my second paragraph... I just got a Steam Link myself so I understand. 

Right now I'm really frustrated there's no way to adjust volume in Big Picture Mode. Makes it hard to use Airpods with the Steam Link. 
I'm currently using SA on a Novatouch for work (I'm a programmer) and I really enjoy it. 

I'm using DSA on browns at home for games and general use.
Huh, I preordered in October and paid $38
I mean, if you're playing on a PC you have a keyboard in front of you anyway, even if you're not using it while playing the game. If you're stopping, how hard is it to put down your controller (which you're about to do anyway since you're quitting the game) and use your keyboard to quit?

At least, that's what I would've said before I got a Steam Link...
Wasn't Valve started by ex-Microsofties anyway?
Oh geez, I forgot about that one.
Pees'lubn is probably the worst offender in my book
Wait, Trader Joe's is owned by Aldi?
I mean, is she a player character or an NPC that I don't remember?
Who's Yae?
Just checking: these means the only two AA games left that aren't on mobile yet are AAI2 and Layton vs AA, right?
Sure. That's definitely the fear. But given what we see in Logan, humans have managed to eradicate this homo superior. Going by Apocalypse's logic this clearly demonstrated that mutants are not fit to survive. 
Except that if humans managed to exterminate the mutants (apart from the mutants that killed each other off, eg Professor X's brainfart), then the mutants clearly aren't the future as they demonstrated themselves to be unfit to survive.
Yeah that really isn't as much of a problem on iOS as it is on Android. 
How do these compare to the old Gameboy "Final Fantasy Legend" games (which, if I recall, were just rebranded SaGa games)?
We still haven't seen how they beat getting blackballed in New York. Midge managed to exploit a loophole for this one time at the Gaslight but her career is by no means revived.

Not to mention we haven't yet seen how her blabbing has affected Sophie Lennon's career; if Lennon's popularity nosedived then she may be holding her own personal grudge against Midge.
Thanks! I'm trying to reassure myself that by the time the PC version comes out, it'll include all the DLC and improvements to the base game (eg Comrades and character-swapping) and be a sort of GOTY version of the game.
It's also looks very similar to Star-Lord's helmet and Rocket's aero-rigs in GotG.
Meanwhile I'm still here without a PS4, waiting for the PC release
Damn, how many times does Quicksilver show up in that splash? I count 7.
If the plane has just flown out of the smoke cloud, then the "trail" is actually the smoke that the plane is pulling along with it... probably
Mostly that there isn't enough of it, and perhaps also that the character named Joel is such a slimebag, which makes me feel weird because that's my name.
Huh, I didn't know there was a character named after the planet
Just how many worlds did she destroy, though? As far as we know at the moment her kill count is either 0 or 1.
> Temasek, an investment company headquartered in Singapore

Temasek isn't just "an" investment company, it's the government-affiliated one that manages our national mandatory retirement savings fund. It's interesting to hear that we've got our tendrils even here in Seattle.
REEEEEEEE
Oh, great timing then
Google "Brazilian wax"
Actually I just followed up with another joke, but that's okay
None; the whole point of getting a Brazilian is that there's no hair left
good bot
Domain still works!

https://iforgot.apple.com/
So much for the Last Son of Krypton
Hang on, so after hijacking Barry and Iris' impromptu wedding in the park, they go on to have their own big lavish do with no Nazis?
It's right there in the article
1. **Click on the RES settings icon** at the top right
2. **Click on "RES Settings Console"**
3. In the left navbar, **click on "Appearance"**
4. In the Appearance submenu, **click on "Stylesheet Loader"**
5. In the Snippets section, **click on "Add Row"**
6. **Enter the following** in the snippet text input:
`#chat-app { display: none; }`
7. **Click on "save options"** at the top right
8. **Refresh** your Reddit page
Why are Novatouches in such high demand now? I'm still using mine but now I need to consider if I should sell it.
Sierra, I think she was
I never really thought of her as tsundere before though
Why not just give cash? That's how we do it. 
Well I watched the whole series with subtitles on so I'm pretty positive it's "Midge". :)
Wasn't it "Midge" rather than "Madge"?
Wasn't BSG also "Mormons in space"?
All of which is undermined by "You can do miracles if you believe"
Yes. $0.
I thought it was anything but subtle
I thought it was coconut water, not milk
Reminds me of pulling intestinal worms out of an anus
> sex when in prison or when pulled over for a traffic stop

Why would anyone consent to sex when pulled over for a traffic stop?
This pod will last 8-9 episodes but that doesn't mean that elements of it won't get resolved, or recur, later in the season, such as Ghost Rider coming back at the end of Season 4.
Isn't Lasseter taking a leave of absence now due to sexual harassment allegations?
confirmed
It shows what an absolute genius she is
I haven't watched Episode 3 yet, but in the comics isn't Molly a mutant? Since there are no mutants in the MCU (yet), they'd either have to give some alternate explanation for Molly's powers, or not set it in the MCU.

With regards to the Obama presidency, it's been suggested elsewhere with some supporting evidence that MCU Obama served for one term and then was replaced by Ellis.

https://screenrant.com/luke-cage-president-obama-ellis/
This product was delayed so long the manual tells you to plug in your iPhone 5 or 6. 
Ah, so it's not Red Hood, it's *Reed* Hood.
Bane as a giant panda is hilarious
Well, Gotham's Alfred is the son of the Doctor, isn't he?
It's weird how in the packaging its eyes are partially closed but on the figurine they're fully open
Also, that thing that looks like Marvel's Sandman at the end... is that supposed to be Clayface?
Isn't that on Starz?

You're thinking of the wrong program I think? I'm pretty sure memmaker was for optimizing your config.sys and emm386 settings to maximize your available memory, not for freeing up storage space. That was when 640k of memory was all we had. 
Well he mentioned hero codenames. He didn't say Oliver Queen, Dinah Drake, etc.

Maybe he just forgot about Overwatch :p
Oliver proposed at the rehearsal dinner, quietly and (somewhat) in private. 
Just another person who can't tell the difference between Australian and British accents
It's available in a loot box
memmaker
I mean, I can only see him as Scout Master Ward, so there's that
This was one of our marching songs:
https://gfoppy.wordpress.com/2013/11/17/with-my-rifle-and-my-buddy-and-me-remembering-purple-light-and-trying-to-understand-why-it-got-banned/

Take a look at that third verse.
That's certainly true. 
Nothing made me hate my military training more than being forced to sing the most godawful stupid songs while running.
In FFXIV it's Kaien which works well.
Exact time you left, sure, but not necessarily the same timeline.

Stein himself came back to a daughter he didn't previously have; going by *About Time* time travel explanations, Lily might come back to a completely different child than she left.
Sure, but the Compass Deluxe icon looks like an almost exact copy of the Apple Compass icon, with a few very minor modifications.
> Or maybe you've never used Android where things like this are far superior.

I've used Android and I hated the notification system. Instead of 30 individual notifications I'd get one notification that just said "30 messages". Wtf even show me that useless shit for? The whole point of having notifications on the lock screen is so I can read the content without having to go into the app.

Even worse, the actual notification would be the same. So if I'm using my phone, and I receive a WhatsApp notification, I can read it and choose to ignore it. Then I receive a second notification and all it says is "You have 2 messages". That's completely useless to me.

Android's notification system drove me back to iOS.

Edit: I should clarify: I don't think iOS' notification system is perfect. There are certainly many improvements it needs and some things it could borrow from Android's design. But Android's method of grouping notifications didn't work for me.
Moony in 3 hours? How long till Padfoot or Prongs?
Hands of blue

Two by two
He's 2 so no chance of him watching and understanding that line quite yet
Definitely. My son was adopted and I'm worried about a joke like that being rather offensive. 
I find that... hard to believe. If so, why aren't all the other car navigation apps on Carplay? Sygic, Tomtom, etc?
Yes but this is the closest I'll get to new episodes of Boosh so I'll take it
Yes, I'm an iPhone and iPad and MacBook Pro user.

I do have a Windows gaming PC but my attempts to use the Miracast streaming from Windows to the TV have not worked. I'm getting a Steam Link so I will try that for Windows mirroring instead.
Full-stack developer, does that count?

- USD108k/yr
- 2 years exp (though I'd been in the workforce for about 6 years prior to that doing digital marketing and advertising)
- Java and Javascript
- WA, USA
Definitely pretty edgy though
Pretty sure it's none of our business
This one:
https://smile.amazon.com/TCL-55S405-55-Inch-Ultra-Smart/dp/B01MTGM5I9

So no Dolby Vision, just HDR10.

I don't really dislike the Roku UI that much. Just wondering if there are any advantages to using Apple TV over HDMI, as opposed to the built in Roku.
Heh yeah. My first computer was an IBM XT and I never used anything that wasn't x86
Is your keyboard missing a PrtScr key? ;p
Seeing Chloe on that list makes me feel warm inside
I thought his liver growing back was just part of his immortality, not the specific result of a curse.
8-bit graphics, lol

My first computer had a [CGA display](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_Graphics_Adapter)

And I bet someone older than me used monochrome displays, or displays that could only put out text.
Watch him in Attack The Block, bruv
Just upload gifv or webm
Don't forget the fact that [Aardman lost a whole lot of physical assets due to a warehouse fire](https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2005/oct/11/arts.media). This sort of thing is slightly less likely to be a problem for digital studios with good backup strategies.
I just read it in Grant Gustin's voice
Better than granny's peach tea
Sublime Text for dealing with text snippets, VS Code for programming
Smegma is penis shit

Pretty sure ass shit is just shit
"He's adopted."
1. Hitch car to bicycle.

2. Lower bicycle seat so that your feet are on the ground.

3. Pretend to walk.
That's just Mugatu
Presumably such a change would have to go hand-in-hand with more places in schools to accommodate the larger student population.
If anything it's the opposite.

Source: am driver, cyclist and pedestrian, though not usually at the same time
2.5 hours a day of gaming, every day for an entire year? On a single game?

wtf man I'm not 17 any more
Isn't that exactly the definition of a non-neutral Internet?
Except that how it'll end up getting marketed to them is that Facetime traffic will be free/unmetered on this slightly-more-expensive plan and they'll love it
Wouldn't they need to be able to authenticate as Uber in order to use those payment tokens? I'm not familiar with Braintree but looking at this [documentation page](https://articles.braintreepayments.com/control-panel/important-gateway-credentials) it seems like they would need quite a number of authentication pieces in order to actually use those payment tokens.
Ah. I see. That's disappointing.
Really? I remember the announcement discussion threads were very positive *except* for the lack of a headphone jack which was a dealbreaker for many keyboard warriors.
Same same but different lah.

Offering an incentive for one service is the same as penalizing all other services.

Imagine your neighborhood has a Cheers and a 7-11, both right next to your regular bus stop. SBS runs a promotion: if you use your ez-Link card to pay at Cheers, you'll get a 10% discount. In this scenario (and assuming Cheers and 7-11 are completely equal, etc etc), how often will you choose to go to 7-11 instead of Cheers?
As I mentioned in [another comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/singapore/comments/7em059/uber_concealed_huge_data_breach/dq6cdbg/), chances are pretty high that Uber doesn't store CC details at all in their own database.
How do you know that Uber keeps your CC details? By which I mean, your full credit card number, expiry date and CVV?

I can't speak for Uber but I used to work as a programmer for a small retail website. We "stored" credit card details in the sense that we used a payment service that gave us a token to store in lieu of the CC information, and we used that token to create new transactions on that credit card. The only information we actually stored was the expiry date and the last 4 digits of the card number, and those only for display purposes.

If I recall correctly, Uber uses Braintree as its payment service, so it's pretty likely it's in a similar position. I'm very sure that Uber doesn't *need* to store actual CC info; whether or they do or not regardless, I don't know.
Metallo fighting on the same team as Overgirl? Does that mean Earth-X Kara isn't weak to Kryptonite?
Well he's hardly in the current season and it looks like he won't be back any time soon
I was debating between the Sony and the JVC as well. Eventually I went with the JVC for the external GPS. This might be useful to you if you're primarily driving in London due to skyscrapers etc. Maybe less so if you're primarily only going to be driving your car outside of London.

I do wish I had a volume dial though. It's not a big deal but it would be nice. If you manage to get your steering wheel controls working (I didn't manage this) then this might be even less important to you.
That's even worse 
Sadly I can't see him as anyone other than Adrian Pimento now. 
>	ICQ

*UH OH!*
WHO CARES IF HE GOOGLES IT
Indeed. I just about 1 TB Evo for under $300. It's great!
Yeah I have the 1680x1050 display. Hopefully this laptop is going to last at least a couple more years 
I bought one of these:
http://www.mcetech.com/optibay/

You take out the optical drive, mount a standard HDD or SSD in the OptiBay and put it where the optical drive was.
For some reason whenever I saw the Juggernaut as kid I always thought his head was shaped like his helmet
I'm pretty sure Boyle is the best man.


Wait, which sub is this again 
I have the JVC and I live in Seattle, which is like London in terms of weather except wetter in autumn/winter and sunnier in summer. The screen isn't too difficult to see except in really sunny weather which you probably won't have much problem with in London.
That's what I like about the older MBPs. I've got a 2011 15" MBP. I've replaced the RAM, replaced the battery, replaced the optical drive with an additional HDD, replaced the original HDD with a series of SSDs (currently sporting a 1TB SSD).

I'm wondering how much longer I can make this thing last.
And this is exactly why people rag on vegans so much 
Still cheaper than the bands
whom
Even Lain isn't that ridiculous though I'd question the sanity of naming your kid after Lain
I haven't watched JL yet. 

Honestly Thor's green screen was mostly good. It was just that one Norway scene in which it was noticeably bad. 
I mean, even if I plan to work till I die, I'd still want to save! There will always be big ticket items, or holidays, or emergencies, or a wave of charitable feelings or whatever. It's always nice to have some money squirreled away even if you have no immediate plans to use it. 
Well even an out of shape flabby Superman is probably still stronger than Oliver Queen at peak
Thor Ragnarok's green screen wasn't great either
This is pretty well demonstrated in Thor: Ragnarok with Valkyrie's ship weapons 
I mean, if fines aren't sufficient to deter the undesired behavior, then clearly something more is required. You're right, I wouldn't be okay with losing my license for doing 61 on I-5; I think that would be overkill. But if there are so many speeding violators that lawmakers felt a need to escalate the consequences of speeding, then so be it. 

If I choose to break the law, I do so knowing that I may be held accountable to it.
It may be a surprise to some Redditors that there are more gamers worldwide than there are Americans.

Even though I care deeply about what's going on with the FCC and net neutrality, the FCC clearly doesn't care about me as a non-citizen. It barely even cares about what American citizens think.
If that were the penalty for it then I would make sure not to speed, yes. 
Well if driving is so important to you then don't jeopardize it by breaking the god damn law
Well, if the official title of the book was "Sale and Loeb's Superman for All Seasons" then you could use 'eponymous'.
Thanks. Is there an option to just have it shipped to you?
Wait, so for an upfront cost of $140, which is $40 *less* than the retail price of the Apple TV 4K, I can get the Apple TV *and* 4 months of DirecTV Now? Is there a catch to this?
https://tribzap2it.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/olivia.jpg
It's Fringe all over again!
It probably didn't print out enough pamphlets
Well some churches do have canon
I can't believe anyone still remembers Amelia Bedelia
 It'd be great if it turns out she burns down Teldrassil because the player character convinces her to
The answer to any strange inconsistency in this franchise is "the Animus"
Don't forget about his time on Fringe.
I'm probably just misremembering then
I think it was the midseason finale? They had a lead on Alchemy and the cult of Savitar and tried to arrest him but ended up getting massacred by Savitar.
No, I was thinking of the episode where Savitar kills all the policemen 
Ah, my mistake, then.
Isn't CCL under SBS and not SMRT?
What about Project Phoenix?
Oh right. They could only see him while he wasn't moving around, though, or something? Savitar moved so fast that Barry couldn't even track his movement?

I can't remember exactly.
Wasn't Savitar so fast at the beginning of Season 3 that even speedsters couldn't see him?
If I use Apple Pay are my transactions still logged into the correct category for cashback rewards?
Yes this works. I do it all the time. 
He's also Owlman in one of the DC animated movies. 
Hope it's more than that. They better have a good reason for naming her Trinary instead of Ternary. 
WHO CARES IF IT'S A MYSTERIOUS CHANCE?!
As in, your sexual preference is for GSM individuals?
Fewer
OB (Out of Bounds) markers
But... magic. 
What? I'm fully aware OP isn't Singaporean. That's why I am educating him on our ways. 
That's very un-Singaporean. You're allowed to be curious but expressing and acting on your curiousity is not permitted. 
It's fixed in iOS 11.1.1 but note that the bug is an autocorrect bug. Any existing text that already has this will not magically change so don't expect all those instances of this bug to magically disappear after updating. 
Well there's also the mobile ports. 
Aren't those a kill counter?
What happens to that heat if he reverts to his fleshy form?
I don't think it's quite 20 years old yet. Bad Hair Day came out in 1996 or 1997 so that's just about 20 years old now. Running With Scissors came out around 1999 (hot on the heels of The Phantom Menace). 
I'd expect it to be secured with FaceID or TouchID or even both
I won't lie, if Apple put its driverless technology into suitcases and came out with Rincewind's luggage I'd buy one in a heartbeat
Corporeal punishment? As opposed to intangible punishment?
Pretty sure they were ants, not maggots.
I take the term very literally and define millennial as "born after 1999" but apparently I'm dead wrong on this!

Edit: Yep, I'm very wrong.

- [Generation X](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generation_X)
- [Millennial](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millennials)

Looks like I could be either.
Yeah I mean according to at least one definition I'm considered a millennial but I definitely don't identify with that label. If you were born in 95 I'd barely consider you a millennial either. 
Gen X, for sure. I consider millennials to be those who grew up with modern technology: with smart phones and social media and the like.  I remember cassette tapes and rotary phones (though I never actually owned one) and VHS tapes and whatnot.
Cocaine, or dried semen?
Vindication for SquareSoft!
Right, but why remove street view for this location?
rhymes with ‘gizzard’
40s-50s, surely? I was born in 1981 and I'm in my late 30s now; the ST kids were 11-13 years old in 1983.
Hot tub episode.
Also see Hikaru no Go
Sadly we should have realized that wouldn't happen from the very first scene of Season 2
[Jetpack Joyride](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/jetpack-joyride/id457446957?mt=8) sounds like what you're thinking of. 
Probably facing inside 
For your first and last requests I suggest you give Apollo a try
Narwhal gives you a permanent link to this shortcut in its sidebar. Don't bother with alien blue
Just start calling him Nibor as a nickname and see if she catches on 
 Pretty sure insects don't have wombs though 
That name is absolutely an intentional reference, right?
If it's anything like my exams when I was in school, you're not going to be marked well if you provide a one-sided argument in either direction. You really need to carefully weigh points in both camps and provide a good reason for your eventual conclusion. Start with the argument and work towards your judgment. Don't start with a foregone conclusion and work backwards from there. 
Her new model is basically grey-haired Elsa, isn't it?
Correction: I'm pretty sure it was Brangelina
Presumably when the group buy organizer stops posting reasonable updates. No idea! I've never been in one that lasted more than a year.
It's probably not that long compared to the group buys which have been going on for years.
The spoiler is out in the open on the web. 
My board is a TKL.
That's a [TKL](https://deskthority.net/wiki/Tenkeyless_keyboard). They're fairly common. The one I like most is the Filco MajesTouch 2 TKL.

And yeah, the 1965 group buy is long over (it's shipping now) so if you really want it you'll have to try and buy it second hand. If you're lucky [KeyClack](https://www.keyclack.com/store) might have some extra sets after they're done shipping out sets to the group buy participants.
5 years ago I was still over 30 :/
Well look at this way: any attacker from any direction will have the high ground.
[My 1965](https://i.imgur.com/uReldgv.jpg) arrived today as well, without any warning; I never received a shipping notification or tracking number. It was a surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one. 
Not the same, though. I still prefer the cinema experience for vfx-heavy blockbusters. For other movies I might fire up Netflix or Hulu or Amazon Prime or even rent on iTunes if I didn't mind watching on a smaller screen. 
> 14.99 for a PB&J? Yikes!

Wasn't it some artisan sandwich at some super hipster place?
Yeah, it could easily have been "I have to walk past that corner in a few minutes and I'm probably gonna start a few fights along the way"
Yeah I think that's still the case but I wasn't sure so I hedged my bets
It's basically to introduce a risk in just riding past mobs. World of Warcraft has something similar, where if you're mounted and get aggroed, each attack you sustain has a chance to daze you (essentially the same effect as Heavy).

However, in WoW, tanks are immune to this daze effect and can happily ride past aggro mobs with impunity.
[Vindication!](https://media1.tenor.com/images/7a04309bae1da3c4e7872b2ac4c37b6a/tenor.gif?itemid=7511808)
It's weird how the dithering in the GIF makes it look like one of the older games
> ladies and gentlmen, this is why concessions are so fucking expensive. Its never been the theaters, they make nothing on tickets, they HAVE to make it all on concessions and other services.

Well that's okay, because I don't HAVE to buy any concessions.
He also probably shouldn't be an MP though
Four puffs of the Farrah Fawcett hairspray 
I love how your statement has a double meaning
Bluetooth isn't great for data transfer :|
Well, consider the final products to be the Deadpool and Logan movies instead then
It was in Mindhunters as well
I'm lovin' it
UNLIMITED POWERRRRR
Man I grew up watching Sesame Street and I don't think I've ever seen Bert's legs
Apple Watch series 3, without cellular. It's bulkier for sure, and not having an always-on screen is sometimes annoying, but ultimately it's much more fun to use and at least I can rely on it being supported for a long time to come. 
https://imgur.com/a/ROp0t/

Pretty good condition. The Pebble itself was in working condition last time I turned it on earlier this week. If you're interested pm me
I have a used polished silver one if you're interested, with a very used black leather band 
While "fuck" is probably perfectly acceptable online, "faggot" might be much less so. In this context we are quoting from the show so it's probably acceptable but one should still be cautious. 
How could it "not" be AC when the assassin symbol is so clear on the shield?
I seem to recall that the packaging was correct (Kentucky Fried Chicken) but the meal was referred to as "KFC" in dialog which isn't inaccurate either for the time period. I was born in 1981 and we always called it KFC even if that wasn't the official name.

Edit: here's a screenshot showing [the Kentucky Fried Chicken packaging](https://imgur.com/esfNiyn.png).
Alive but unresponsive. Terry Ives retreated into a shell five years before Jim and Joyce came to visit. 
What about Galuf??
I don't think she has any Final Fantasy connections yet, but I would love to hear more music from Kajiura Yuki.
> a unique fighting style

Previous comment was gushing about how the fighting style looked very similar to characters from another show, so how is that "unique"?
Worth noting that this only works if:

1. You have the switch mode set to "Manually"
2. You enable to Quick Switch option
I love that between AB, Narwhal and Apollo, all 3 have a light/dark mode switcher shortcut.
Well, it's Ivalice-based, I'd say. It's got elements of FFXII and of FFT together.
I felt it was well handled. Homecoming's Peter Parker is young and inexperienced. Karen wasn't really telling him what to do but provided a sounding board for Peter as he tried to figure things out. For the most part. 
It's a reference to something Marc Guggenheim said a while ago.

https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/4geug4/organic_stuff_on_rarrow/?st=j9857paq&sh=44be73c4
He reminds me of a slightly skinnier Henry Cavill.
It's in his comedy special that's on Netflix. Long story short, [Spoiler](/s "The vast majority of Scotland is white, so a black spy would stick out like a sore thumb and not be a very good spy.")
When is it not?
Maybe the guy's name is Web Desinger.
That was an email.

https://www.uniqlo.com/us/en/men/ut-graphic-tees/one-piece
New range of OP-branded clothes 
You can always move the thumbnail to the right side in Settings if that's your thing
Sure but typically they've only been stealing it from other pirates. 
Yet the article claims that "Hsien Loong" are his first and middle names. Wtf
If they were Ron Swansons they'd be actively trying to undermine government. As it is they're more like ***BOBBY NEWPORT*** Jr
Not sure if Excel Saga reference or if One Piece made the same joke at some point
If she's like any normal teen she is most definitely not remorseful
Probably respects your iOS-level font size choice.
Well Uniqlo *is* a Japanese company so maybe not
Sure. I think they're closer to neutral-good vigilantes than actual pirates, though. 
To be fair the Straw Hats are pretty lousy pirates. They don't really attack mercantile vessels to pillage and loot. 
I tried to rename the variables a bit for clarity but it doesn't really seem to have helped much:

    function func($input){
      $input_length = count($input);
    
      if ($input_length <= 1) {
        return $input;
      }
    
      foreach ($input as $input_index => $input_value) {
        if ($input_index % 2 == 0) {
          $even_values[] = $input_value;
        } else {
          $odd_values[] = $input_value;
        }
      }
    
      $recursive_even_values = func($even_values);
      $recursive_odd_values = func($odd_values);
    
      for ($i = 0; $i < ($input_length/2); $i++) {
        $cosine_temp = cos(-2 * M_PI * $i / $input_length);
        $sine_temp = sin(-2 * M_PI * $i / $input_length);
        $output[$i][0] = $recursive_even_values[$i][0] + cosine_temp * $recursive_odd_values[$i][0] - $sine_temp * $recursive_odd_values[$i][1];
        $output[$i][1] = $recursive_even_values[$i][1] + cosine_temp * $recursive_odd_values[$i][1] + $sine_temp * $recursive_odd_values[$i][0];
        $output[$i + $input_length / 2][0] = $recursive_even_values[$i][0] - (cosine_temp * $recursive_odd_values[$i][0] - $sine_temp * $recursive_odd_values[$i][1]);
        $output[$i + $input_length / 2][1] = $recursive_even_values[$i][1] - (cosine_temp * $recursive_odd_values[$i][1] + $sine_temp * $recursive_odd_values[$i][0]);
      }
    
      return $output;
    }    
Notepad or Word? Given that this appears to be an OS X system, why not TextEdit?

Oh right, because it's horrible.
Never noticed. I've been using Bluetooth headphones almost exclusively for several years already.
Clearly the sequel would have been XIII-2
I mean, if you're buying a new controller anyway and your main concern is ease of use, why not just get an Xbox controller for PC?
Allo and Duo, because it's about time Google replaced them with another chat app.
A-ha!

They should have done a [take on me](https://youtu.be/djV11Xbc914).
Brie Larson too
It's not ideal but you can share appstore links to Reminders app. I created an appstore wishlist list there and use that instead. It won't help you recover your lost wishlist but it's a decent alternative going forward. 
I've playing the ME:A 10-hr trial now and this "hold E to interact" thing is really annoying. Is there no patch or mod to amend this behavior?
Where Enix is Nie's Nobody?
I'm not
I've heard of the philosopher's stone plenty of times in kids' and young adults' fantasy books, and even in Japanese manga/anime.
yeah pull the trigger and fire some **TRUTH BULLETS**
It's helped that I grew up learning both English and Mandarin, which has made learning Japanese a lot easier than I suspect would otherwise be the case.
> 感じ

Demonstrating your own point, that really should be 漢字.

(Unless you're talking about your emotions being an issue, I guess)
I would do:

`git revert 23891991`

`git revert 96481703`

`git revert 48324843`

(Assuming that's the proper chronological order from most recent to least recent)

Then:
`git rebase -i HEAD~3` and squash the 3 revert commits into a single revert commit
Surely this means that all Kryptonians are vulnerable to heat vision, though? Or at least their hair is? They should all end up bald after fighting. 
The concept of a Barry Allen Flash with a living Nora Allen is kinda weird to me
Is that a new kind of Rule 34?
Well, maybe a little less worse. 
Those are kids? How old are those girls? They look like they're in their early 20s.

Not that that makes it any better.
It could be a prediction.
Well I don't expect the photos to look amazing, but I do expect them to accurately depict the amount and variety of ingredients I will get in my dish. Every stall does bak chor mee differently, for example. Will I get pork liver? Will I get green onions? Will I get meatballs? These are the sorts of questions that the photo should answer.
Sounds like you're talking about Chelestiar Kong
That's where I learned the term from, so very apropos
So basically a movie that's just one big bottle episode
I forgot about lift to wake. I think I have that disabled for reasons I can't recall. 
But if I wake the phone with the home button the phone will just unlock. I'd have to press the power button to stay in the lock screen then put my finger on the home button to unlock the detailed notifications. 
Subtraction is definitely criminal though 
Try wearing clown makeup, that will help people know that you are not a serious threat
What about Schindler?
Mine is Princess Di's death anniversary. 

Granted that happened when I was 16 so it wasn't quite a historical event but still
Where it gets complicated is I can never remember whether the bow is in front, or the stern.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I learned "port" and "starboard" from Asterix as a kid.
At this point I feel like the reporter has to include that to stave off the otherwise inevitable comments of "Was he wearing a helmet?"
533 would be inadequate; 535 would be absurd. 
Bronn is black?
Oh I don't understand this stuff at all. I was just looking at the statement that they found no evidence for three of the four unacceptable types of polarization, which implies that there was evidence for one of the four. 
Pretty sure Cyborg caught him, carried him, then fastballed him. 
Huh. For me it's the driver's face that I see. You can just about make out his eyes and mouth. 
Actually you can see the driver on the right side 
I bet the site would load faster if there were no ads on it at all
Alternatively "the multiple rapes he perpetrated" or "subjected her to" or "committed"
I mean, I'm an /r/anime subscriber and I don't even know what LWA stands for, let alone know who Sucy is.

Love Witch Academia is my best guess.
Isn't this how Ubuntu does its version numbering? 
The iCloud extension for Chrome will sync your bookmarks between Chrome and iCloud, at least.
You could try putting it on your leg, I suppose?
I do use Maps for cycling and walking sometimes
But that would disable it entirely, not only when I'm driving, right?
I'm quite satisfied with my PuLsE SA, so not really, no. 
Ezra just needs a bow
I just want Merlin Mann back
I'm pretty happy now that I'm living in Seattle instead of Singapore
Building design looks pretty heavily influenced by the ParkRoyal on Pickering. 
Is that Gerund of Rivia?
Like penises
I honestly didn't know they were still producing VHS tapes in the early 2000s.
Who *wouldn’t* switch teams for Stephen Amell?
What game is this from? Surely not FFT. FFT characters don't have noses :p
Why on earth would I want to do that?
From what I've been given to understand, that means someone is having sex on the bike, right?
> Ruby is Sam's biological kid 

For a moment I thought I'd stumbled on some Supernatural fan fiction
I can't even look at these sprites anymore without thinking about 8-Bit Theater
Shouldn't you be giving out Oreos instead?
There is no better way to get me to unsubscribe from a newsletter than to start putting ads in it. 
Thought he was referring to Amerigo Vespucci. 
I thought the line was for Black Wayne
That sounds like they found evidence for polarization in one of the four unacceptable ways, though
What sold me on this franchise was being able to walk up to the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem. I haven't been to visit the Dome since 1992, and it was amazing just to be able to walk up to and around the mosque.
The red dot means you have the LTE version
More power to him, certainly, but doesn't it say something that he even has that perception in the first place? Not about him, but about the public idea of what it means to be "American". 

Mind, I'm a non-American Chinese with an English name so I'm not sure where my moral standing is in all this. 
He sounds like a non-native speaker trying to emulate the language without actually learning it. Fair enough since that's with Finn Jones is actually doing, but his character supposedly has been learning and speaking Mandarin for years and that's not believable. 

Fisk's Mandarin was at least in character. 

The worst offender really is Arrow's Oliver Queen, who in one episode in Season 1 (I think) speaks truly horrendous Mandarin, and then a native Mandarin speakers comments how fluent and perfect Ollie's Mandarin is. 
Ah I missed that it was the OP who cross-posted. 
How is this post even vaguely related to /r/exmuslim?
This is what I get for using the inline expander
I thought so too, but for some reason I got the impression from the video that the article was fairly recent, but this article is from over 2 years ago.
http://furbo.org/2015/05/22/apple-watch-ergonomics/

Is this the Craig Hockenberry article she's referring to?
Not to mention, wouldn't it be incredibly illegal and trigger some kind of political meltdown when it's inevitably revealed?
The fictional device that has Aubrey Plaza's voice? It doesn't exist but was clearly a parody of the Amazon Echo and similar devices. 
I've had lobster sashimi, it's pretty good even when raw.
Probably 0118 999 881 999 119 725...


...3
"Halt, citizen! Is that a water bottle you have with you? Please drink from it or risk arrest."
Check your head unit's manual. I have the JVC M730 and hooked up the wire so that the display switches modes with my headlights. 
I know it from Secret of Mana, and then later Tales of Eternia.
If the $1M was paid out upfront And tax free it might be worth it. Putting it into investments and only withdrawing what you need every month could let you save up quite a lot of money by the time you are done. 
Women have the right to lesbian sex. Men don’t have the right to gay sex. 

Unless I am remembering the penal code incorrectly
You're right; it's been a while since my A levels and I'd forgotten.
I don’t even remember a character named Samantha in ME3...
Doesn’t that simply describe GMm/r^2 ? The lyrics don’t specify that it’s a linear inverse relationship. 
Pancreas is a goddamn gem and I’ll send a box of starving crazed weasels to anyone who says otherwise 
Is it my imagination or does Ollie have a goatee in this picture?
JSON is Javascript Object Notation. It's just a way of representing a Map as a string.

In Javascript, maps (or objects) are represented with braces, and arrays with brackets. Key/value pairs are represented with colons. For example:

    {
      "key1": "value1",
      "key2": "value2",
      "key3": [
        "nested_list_value1",
        "nested_list_value2",
        "nested_list_value3"
      ],
      "key4": {
        "nested_object_key_1": "another_value",
        "nested_object_key_2": "another_value"
      }
    }    
Reverse Flash's suit looks different too
After the Pixels and Emoji movie I wouldn't put anything past Hollywood
Yeah I heard that one turned himself in around 2002 before I ORDed.
Not sure about 99 but I was the trainee batch visiting SAFDB on the day there were 2 escapes around June 2000
Hah! I was in Security so there wasn't nearly as much suffering but it definitely got a lot better very quickly.
Kailh switches for the keypad
necksercises
Where's the fun in that?
I was an MP at SAFDB as well, from 2000-2002, before the Provost HQ moved there from Ulu Pandan (although I did collect my NRIC from the new HQ).

I agree training was mostly slack, though I did really, really hate the unarmed combat training. DB itself was also very slack for me. Were you in Security or Detention platoon?
They'd be banging on the window? Seems a little unusual and uncomfortable. 
Like a gorilla mask?
Maybe he's a transgender Sam
That explains why Yishun's most famous resident doesn't want to move out

Gotta get those curly fries 
Trains delayed because President Halimah wants to take the MRT instead of her motorcade
I like how it looks good without being overly sexualized
Yes that's really going to help change his mind about those filthy immigrants 
Maybe the motorcyclist was in so much pain from the cop's shot to his chest, that he shot himself in the head to end the suffering.
Sounds like Seattle
I thought for sure it was going to get announced. When Tim was talking about streaming apps and Netflix, there was a grid of tv show tiles on the screen and they were all Amazon Originals.
Do you have a reference or quote for that? I completely missed it. 
I'm looking at Target now and they're still selling the Aluminum 42mm Series 2 for $399 so I don't think they're a viable option quite yet. 
Square-Enix would like to have a word with you 
Oh great, that's fantastic, because clearly there's nothing wrong with having a Korean actor play a half-Japanese character.
oh no
Maybe they're just looking out for us. Saving us money on these tchotchkes so we have cash to spend on a gazillion HD remasters. 
Yes because having a woman in charge will really go down well with those Hardline conservative Islamists. 
Well our first introduction to Duke Silver was that he was a very good friend of Ron's. 
Isn't it 「テ－マ」？
Just immerse the PC in a bag of kitty litter

Or rice
Sadly this does not improve the quality of ST reporting
Could be O level prelims 
Same here. I understand the frustration with bandwidth heavy sites for mobile use but as someone who used to use WAP sites on GPRS,  this looks like regression. 
Traditionally Mandarin is written vertically, top to bottom then right to left. 
Let Amazon take over Mercer Island
Well the first two floors get the most foot traffic and therefore the most tourists so that's where the unsavory store owners are going to go. 

Besides which, the first two to three floors are mostly consumer electronics anyway (and have been since I started going to Sim Lim in the early 90s). If you're looking to buy components for a DIY PC build, you're realistically only going to need to go to shops on the 4th and 5th floors. 
No, he's one of the 12 who didn't fart, but he likes the smell so he's enjoying it while the other 11 bitch and moan. 
pretty sure he's a caiman, bruh
Man that's a really clickbaity title. I thought they meant Batman. 
I mean, what's she doing wearing shoes onto my bed in the first place!?
What a bunch of hypocrites. They deny Malaysian Christians the right to use the word "allah" to refer to the Christian God, but they'll take offense at this on behalf of Christians?
> now you cannot lay the phone flat at a table

Sure you can... if you lay it face down.
Scuttle might call them a pair of triffleblumps.
I always save all my numbers with country code. Just get used to it I guess :|
Huh, well now I know where CW Flash got his belt from
This show seems to have gone pretty far from its original premise. Looks like a full-blown Batman Begins series, now!
As a non-white Christian in the US, I do feel like Christianity in the US *is* defined by what white Christians think.
It looks like they're specifically trying to target congestion at interchanges by showing it might be faster to just walk from a station on one line to a station on another line. 
The last time I looked directly at a laser I came out of it with perfect eyesight!


[Not much better over here](http://www.oregonlive.com/weather/index.ssf/2017/09/portland_metro_tuesday_weather_74.html)
What if I wish to tolerate neither?
Not necessarily. Could imply that he's expecting the son to possibly fall sick *next* time, which would be next year since we know this is a yearly affair. 
I am now disappointed that there aren't any Weird Al Easter eggs in Tomb Raider
Why is there no picture of Cena in the article?
Yeah that's what I thought. Thanks. 
Is it not possible to create a pull request without forking the entire repo?
You didn't read the OP, did you...?
I completely forgot what mechanic this is that allows us to recruit people for something. What is it called?
I remember collecting these around 1995-1996
I honestly didn't recognize him in that movie until he spoke. Then I knew him. 
You'd make a decent Paula Deen, though
Sorry, US layout and I'm in the US at the moment. 

I don't use it because I never use my laptop on the go currently. At work it's docked and I use a Majestouch TKL
I've got a poker2 I'm not using if you don't mind that
George Reeves and Christopher Reeve are two actors who've played Superman. Note the difference in their surnames. 
OP is clearly not on his toes 
I think they were referring to [Luke's hand in the new trilogy](https://www.sideshowtoy.com/assets/products/902776-luke-skywalker/lg/star-wars-rogue-one-luke-skywalker-sixth-scale-hot-toys-902776-11.jpg).
If he's the destroyer of the Hand, why's he giving Misty a new one?
Also The Chinaman
So he's basically a really slow and inaccurate Nightcrawler
Well, coffee is a diuretic and will help to dehydrate you, so yes probably. 
I was expecting her to cough and collapse from her ill health
I believe it's actually a *panel*, my good person.
What about leap weeks?
I was going to stick with the literary genre and mention "Twilight" or "Fifty Shades" as an example
I'm really chuffed that Full Moon wo Sagashite got representation here ;o
I mean this series hasn't had a great run with languages. Fisk butchered Mandarin, although arguably in character. Gao clearly does not speak Mandarin fluently. Danny was also awful in this episode but not as bad as the restaurant staff. 
To bad all the Mandarin speakers so far are just awful. 
I am currently getting them at an apartment. 
This pretty much sounds like how I played Game Dev Story. 
That's what I thought I was doing when I kickstarted The Unsung Story...
That makes so much more sense. Thanks for the context. 
Right, that's correct. But isn't OP trying to prevent other people from getting notifications about him/her joining Viber, not vice versa?
Don't necessarily think this will help. I don't use Viber but at least for Telegram, I receive notifications when people join the service if I have their number stored on my phone, regardless of whether or not they have my number. 
Small correction: OP is a lady
Huh, there was a third series? I didn't even finish watching the second.

I'll readily agree the first series was fantastic, though.
Yeah, but did you know that I'm the

#IMMORTAL IRON FIST?
Maybe he made a deal with Mephisto. Maybe that's the secret that Robbie was alluding to.
So, [Derelicte](https://youtu.be/mVscQYjuq_s).
That doesn't look anything like a "North Korea" shirt. I haven't seen the clip. Did OP get it wrong?
Unfortunately this isn't necessarily true. Real parents lie to their kids all the time. Sometimes for protection, sometimes for convenience, and sure, sometimes out of selfishness. 
One thing's for sure: it will be very
Wasn't that first example of yours from Origins and therefore not voiced by Conroy?
Olive Oyl, technically
Surely this could be solved or mitigated by better market research?
I don't know. I'd almost want to keep the GoT fandom away from The Witcher.
Even better if the whole thing is in Polish.
Vatleria, geez
Police "found" this out? They're the ones who've been trying to remind us of this for years now.
Chey I thought that was Vivian Balakrishnan
-1 Amenity & +1 Gold
Tyrion mastered the block chain at the Battle of Blackwater
No, I'm just going to pirate the content. 
Why expend extra time and energy to do something that's not always necessary?
Sometimes if your penis is short enough and/or your pants are riding low enough, it's not possible to get your penis out comfortably for peeing only by unzipping.
Brave And The Bold, I'd have to assume.
I have a tee-shirt with Gandalf and Frodo in this scene so... Maybe not?
How long would it take to charge, though?
In the cutscene it seems that F'lhaminn and co were surprised to see the goobbue breaking loose. Doesn't her words in the ALC quest then contradict the cutscene itself?
I love that Paul's lion made it in there 
Romeo x Juliet would be the porn parody
Why would he watch soaps? He already knows what's going to happen. 
I wonder why they decided to use the Felicity Smoak name instead of just creating a new character.
Flash's parents aren't his weakness? I mean, Flash's longing for his parents (esp his mom) were the direct cause of almost all of Season 3.
So what you're saying is, he merely adopted the bat...
Holy... I still want it though...
Right, but I thought he said something about having been oppressed by the Kree hierarchy or caste system, and I understood that to mean that he was Kree himself, but of a lower caste or something like that.
I must've completely misunderstood that scene. :/
Note that almost immediately after this they get into a near-accident and Batman says he’ll add seat belts. 
This is literally the source for the information provided in the linked comment. 
What about "I'm So Sick of You" or "I Was Only Kidding"?
Hmm. I was under the impression that he was implied to be Kree in GOTG2. Maybe I remember wrongly. 
Isn't Yondu Kree? The Ravagers are a group comprising many alien races. 
Whoa, was Pfeiffer confirmed for Janet? I missed that news!
Don't Methodists also not use wine?
Closest you can get is to schedule it to be on from midnight to 11:59pm
Yeah. I just bought a PTR earlier this year and while it's scratching the itch for now, I get a feeling I might end up buying an Apple Watch Series 3 in the near future.
Chiquitita, tell me what's wrong
FFXI players triggered
yeah but according to the article the kids will likely die before reaching reproductive age so wouldn't it all balance out eventually?
Emergency and AMBER alerts are directly supported by iOS without the need for a separate app, though. Couldn't Singapore simply use a similar system to push notifications directly to phones?
Booty *Sweat*
2min not enough to help me avoid RT tho
Is that really what "Asian" parses to? As a Chinese person I find that term horrendously vague. 
ain't nobody got time for that
If a rain gauge measures rain, shouldn't a dog gauge measure dogs?
Blizzard definitely needs to do an Illidan voice pack for Waze
Try Prime Now, those require faster delivery. 
Oh c'mon, there's no need to exaggerate. That sort of thing makes me want to go out and murder some metric fuckton of goose jellies.
 ∑ is the mathematical notation for "sum".

"I ate some pie"
Righto, guess I won't be giving it a try, then.
Still requires a separate license, though, right? Or does it use the same license as the Windows version?
Wasn't the Mac client deprecated? I was under the impression they'd stopped selling it because it wasn't performing well enough. It's basically just a WINE wrapper around the Windows client, if I recall correctly.
It's "extremist".
Pretty sure the safest way would be to get off the bike and cross at the pedestrian crossing. 
Ah. I haven't played it yet, but was wondering about the seeming incongruency between the Riddler insignia shown on the screens and the Joker laugh. So I guess both will feature in this season then.
As a Chinese person I'm cool with it
Screens say Riddler, but the voiceover and laugh sounds more like Joker. Which is it?
The gym coach says that he's required by th state to show the videos so I don't think it has anything to do with the Principal. 
School mascot? There was a banner for the Tigers' homecoming. 
Going camping this weekend. Sigh.
> you merge everything in the entire galaxy into a cyborg which is so dumb that I can barely type it. Everything. This ship is now a cyborg. Your dog is a cyborg. The grass is a cyborg. Your baseball cap is a cyborg.

Sounds like the ending of Beast Machines.


Well, the Scarlet Monastery sounds like a pretty good starting point to look for some rouge