Start with Revo Uninstaller and remove all the stuff you don’t need or use. Get CCleaner to handle the rest after. 
There shouldn’t be that gap. 
Yes it’s solid 
I can highly recommend 1Blocker. 
The one that comes with your MOUS case is more than good enough. 
Simplenote is awesome too. Cross-platform and syncs beautifully. 
It won’t affect the health of your battery, no matter how you charge it. Just don’t let it get to zero and start charging. Lithium batteries enjoy getting charged frequently. 
You can try dabbing olive oil to that side with a cotton bud. I’ve seen it work on screen protectors with the ‘halo’ effect due to curved edges. 
Just curious. Why do you use both 1Blocker and Sanitize? 
The pro version allows you to monitor installation changes and remove it cleanly - registry, files, drivers, etc 
Well said. It puzzles me how some would still believe that an AppleCare Protection Plan has no additional costs involved if a phone got wrecked. It’s still in the $hundreds for damages. Correct me if I’m wrong. 
That’s a bummer. I’m on iOS. 
Too many cloud players on the app store. Which one are you specifically referring to?
I've been checking a couple of hours too and still no updates. :(
Doesn’t work where I come from. Geographical restrictions sucks. 
Thanks! Do they have an app for iOS? Checked the App Store and couldn’t find anything. 
Their recent reviews on battery life scares me. How do you find it so far?
Thanks but I’m not a Plex subscriber. 
Points laser at Tree A -> ‘Run, touch the tree and come back!’ -> Shifts laser pointer to Tree B. Rinse and repeat till massive stampede is observed. Then, RO. 
Thanks for sharing! I have that same glitchy experience with the UI too but I’ve no real-time AV running so I’ve learnt to make my peace with it. BitDefender is an excellent standalone choice, you don’t really need VoodooShield. 
Yep!
I rage at this every single time and uninstall the game right after, no matter how hooked I am.
This!
Try Wasabi 
Didn’t realise it till I tried. Mindblown! 
Yep
Malwarebytes
Well then, maybe it's better to bring it in for a check. This is certainly not normal. 
Perhaps the roads are overlapping and the AI tried to make a clever guess. Other than that, I'm full of praises for the GPS capabilities and accuracy of our iPhones. 
I spray mine every 2 days or so. I live in the tropics where it's hot and humid all year round. They seem to love it and are growing beautifully. 
Seems to work for me - Magic Phone Cleaner by Daniel Anderson
https://appsto.re/sg/Vl-igb.i
App: Magic Phone Cleaner by Daniel Anderson
Claims to clean out caches. Anyone has any experience with this?
I see Caput Medusaes and Butzii. 
The Tilly in the centre is a Bulbosa. 
Yes, that dark patch close to the base of the plant suggests an internal rot. If it's rot, the dark patch should spread and it'll have a little plant stink. 

You can try using rubbing alcohol and spray it over the base of the plant. Don't overdo it though. Some say cinnamon powder works wonders. 

Don't feel bad about it. I know that feeling of attachment. You are bound to lose some as it's a learning journey. You'll get better over time and you'll have more Tillys to come. 
It looks fine. Don't worry, I'm quite sure it isn't rot. 
I don't mean to scare you but the base of the plant looks like rot may have already begun to set in. You may have gotten yourself an unhealthy plant from the shop. I would bring it back for a replacement if its still not too late. 
That's great! Your plants look fantastic. I am thinking of experimenting with grow lights too. Looking forward to a great discussion. 
Definitely not a rot. 
I'm actually trying very hard to see the rot you were taking about and I honestly can't see it. You have a perfectly healthy and beautiful Tilly. Don't over-worry, buddy. 
The one on the right looks like an Ionantha Rubra. 
Yep, sorry buddy. It's done. 
You are right! Mine passed away today. I guess it took the toll. But it's okay, it's partner is still going strong and I've learnt my lesson. 
So beautiful! 
A good friend of mine who is quite knowledgeable told me that the leaves probably got scorched from the sun. But the thing is, I kept this Tilly in an empty coconut husk and these 'signs' are only on the base of the plant where I kept them in. Could it be due to the lack of light? I'm not sure. 
They look pretty normal. Definitely not a rot.
Your plant looks healthy! You have to stop over-worrying.
That's really very nice!
Tricolour has thinner leaves from what I know. That looks like quite something different with all those spiky leaves. 
I'm the most doubtful about the last one too. But I feel it's the closest. 
Yeah most probably.
Thanks! I'm sure it's a bulbosa after getting myself my own medusae. 
My guess, from top to bottom:

1. T. Harrisii
2. T. Magnusiana
3. T. Ionantha
4. T. Capute-Medusae
5. T. Jucunda
Thanks!
Consider giving them good air circulation too. Stagnant air can kill them super fast. 
Your tillandsias may end up collecting water in their bulbs in this unattended watering method which may result in a rot. I think you have to be there to wet and dry them before placing them back to ensure optimal growth. Just my two cents.
I have one too. The leaves are green initially and as it aged, it turns crimson reddish. Beautiful plant! 
Looks like a Graptopetalum
What's that program you use?
Ditto that. 
What type of performance are you talking about? Gaming? 
Thanks guys for sharing. 

For ease of mind, I use an imaging backup solution known as Macrium Reflect to run a daily scheduled backup of my OS drive. Backups are then stored on an external hard drive. All my personal documents and sensitive data are stored in my NAS which runs two hard disks in RAID 1. I am now thinking of adding a cloud backup service as a third layer solution - maybe CrashPlan?

Feel free to give your thoughts.
Blows every other internet browser out of the water, if you ask me. 
Don't bother. Another snakeoil, in my honest opinion. 
Malwarebytes and Ccleaner 
Andre Hahn 
G402
HYPERION FURY
ULTRA-FAST FPS GAMING MOUSE
Snake oil. Better off uninstalling it.
Good to know, good to know. I was just specifically asking for users' experiences with Process Lasso.
Chrome Remote Desktop works wonders for me. It's faster than TeamViewer too. Give that a try. 
Spot on!
Thanks for your thoughts!
André Schürrle is beast for my Bundes squad
China PR Home and Away kit blows away everything else. 
Sadios of Manes, please
Best CF for my Bundesliga squad - Draxler
I think it's tagged to your EA account. Deleting your club won't give you back what you've redeemed. I may be wrong, though.
Ditto that.
I run that combo too. Firmino just bosses the pitch all over.
Schurrle for sure.
100% with you on this
Shaw - Smalling - Bailly - Walker
Save your coins. Get Leroy Fer. A beast easily worth 10x his current coin value. 
Batshuayi is just bat shit for me. Benteke will do till I've got enough monies for Lukaku. 
Mane is a real beast on the right flank. 
Not sure if Walcott's physical attributes are muscle worthy of the dreaded duo though. 
He's the true warrior.
Alright then. Time to jump on the Vorm-wagon.
Are you sure he's better than Begovic?
Oh alright. Thanks, I'll keep a lookout for that information.
I would go for Medel or Sturoro. Total beasts! And really cheap too. 
Just another reason why playing FIFA on PC is so sucky. 
PC market transfer listed items: Less than 300K

Console market transfer listed items: More than a million 

That should explain it. 
Because after paying for it, one needs to try to reap as much payable experience from it as possible. 
Where do you get to see the number of players currently online?
The PC market had been crap since day one. Most would probably depend on match coins and to rotate players through buying and selling to try them out. I can only afford cheap players now. And would probably only afford to do so till the end of the game cycle. 
Thanks. I'll figure out if my onboard graphics can support that. Appreciate it. 
He's a disappointment for me. Sold him after 3 games. He was physically weak and his performance was inconsistent. I'd recommend Morata though. 
Raptr doesn't work with RadeonPro. Thanks anyways. 
Good to know that. I might try letting him fly solo. 
Badges do have an effect on the crowd chants. Stadiums don't. If I'm not mistaken, South American team badges gets you the drums.
Rondon doesn't want to work with me. His turns are too slow and he feels like a sandbag. 
Welbeck is amazing for me as well. I've had so much upset with cheap BPL strikers before. Now, I'm happily running my Welbeck and Bony front duo setup. Bony for hold-up play and Welbeck for all the receive-and-shoot goodness. 
These silver player prices are just off the charts on PC. It's almost disgusting. 
You may want to try using a VPN and connect to a country with greater probability of getting Fifa match ups. That works for me. But on a premium VPN plan of course so that you get decent connection strength. 