"I just want to make sure you have manners." -> "That ship has already sailed."
His Jethro Tull remixes are great.
There is also the Dilbert principle, which asserts that a company's worst employees are systematically promoted to management in order to limit the amount of damage they can do.
I would walk 100 feet, and I would walk 100 more...
If it's in the book, definitely. (Don't recall.) Tolkien was a linguist.

If it's only in the movie, I'd still give good odds of it being intentional, if only as a tribute to Tolkien's linguistic career.
I literally stopped myself from thinking about that. If I found myself thinking about death, I would mentally slap myself and tell myself "stop that." It didn't hurt that thinking about death as final wasn't pleasant to begin with, so I was naturally disinclined to poke at it.

Another thing that helped was realizing that I wasn't freaked out *at all* by not existing for billions of years prior to my birth. So there is no reason to freak out for not existing after my death.
Vietnamese phở? Is there some other kind?
Why do you want to respond to it?
NOIR by K. W. Jeter
If you know a function is complex but pure, you should probably just memoize it.
Did you try the PC keyboard layout on GBoard? It has a number row, and instead of all the symbols being long-presses on some weird letter which you have to learn, they're on the number keys right where you expect them. Pretty much everything *just works.*

I tried Chrooma recently for a couple of weeks but ended up going back because GBoard is just better at recognizing my swipes (Chrooma requires much more precision).
One can hardly blame her for wanting to go on a cruise. After all, she just lost her best friend!
My wife and I got married over Labor Day weekend, and consider that whole weekend our anniversary rather than a particular date. (It is also the anniversary of when we initially met.) Easy to remember, and a three-day weekend every time!
The solar orb has dipped quite a bit...
"Why are manhole covers round?"
"I don't care, you pick, literally anything will be fine."  
"OK, let's go to <place we have both enjoyed in the past>!"  
*"Now,* apparently, I care."
Cosmetics, e.g. face powder.
Where do you think you got the idea that it's a "bad thing" to say society defines morality? From society, maybe?

Why do you suppose that might be?
I'm saying that societies that don't consider murder wrong don't last very long. People who don't feel their lives are protected won't live in such a society, they won't support its leaders, they will revolt (or, of course, they might be murdered). Someone who has to worry constantly about being murdered will have trouble being a productive member of society. They will spend a lot of time and energy on protection when they could be farming, trading, inventing, etc., with a huge opportunity cost. In short, a society in which murder is not considered immoral is dysfunctional; it has lower quality of living than alternatives. Therefore, all successful societies have a prohibition on murder. The ones that don't tend to get conquered or economically out-competed by the ones that do, and eventually go away.

It doesn't take a god to tell us that killing each other won't help if we're trying to have a civilization.

Paraphrasing Pratchett's Dᴇᴀᴛʜ, you won't find concepts like justice or mercy in the atoms of the universe. The only reason these ideas exist is that humans have defined them. And we define them so we can get along. Modern society has the huge advantage of allowing large numbers of strangers to live together in relative peace and harmony, so that all of us can accomplish things together.

But it's not always like this. Today, on this very planet, you can find societies that think rape is the victim's fault, or who think "honor killing" isn't a type of murder. We think they're wrong, but *they don't.* Not that long ago, it was acceptable for one person to own another in so-called civilized countries, including mine. We think that's wrong, but *they didn't.* Possibly in a hundred years or two, people will marvel that our ancestors killed and ate animals, or something equally common today; who knows?

You have a gut feeling that certain things are "just wrong." Where did that gut feeling come from? The society you were raised in. Those who lived in times when slavery was acceptable had *the exact same feeling you have* about the rightness, the *necessity,* of slavery. Where did they get it? From the society they were raised in. They said God, of course, but did God suddenly change his mind in the 1860s? Did he only tell the North that slavery was wrong, but not the South? (In that case, did God *want* the Civil War?)

If you look at history, it's funny how often "moral absolutes" turn out to be not so absolute after all.

You grew up in a religion that told you there were moral absolutes. Now you have rejected that religion and its god, but you still want moral absolutes. There are no such things, and never have been.
Most shows aren't produced by the network itself, but rather by a production company under contract. If a show is cancelled, the contract may allow the producers to shop it around, and they often do. (I don't know how standard this is in TV production contracts, which is why I said "may.")

However, this usually doesn't get very far. Shows are usually cancelled because they're not drawing enough viewers of the right demographic. If you were a network, why would you pick up a show that had already failed once in this way? It is a very particular set of circumstances that allows this to happen, and the show usually ends up at a crappier network with a lower budget.
* sandwich bags for the thin ones big enough for a sandwich (they also now have "snack bags" that are the same thickness but about half the size, for snacks like chips or mini pretzels)
* storage bags for the ones that are a little thicker, usually available in quart and gallon sizes
* freezer bags for the ones thick enough to go in the freezer, same sizes as storage bags
That is to say, we as a society make the rules, so that our society works. But there is nothing to say that these are the "right" rules, or that they are the only "right" rules. All you can say about them is that they work. Some societies work better than others which implies that some sets of rules are objectively better than others, but that still doesn't mean there aren't better rules, or that the rules are objectively "right." Bringing God into it doesn't change anything, since there's no way to prove his pronouncements objectively right either. Religion itself is one of those things societies have because it "works."
Just because you think religion provides an objective source of morality, doesn't mean it does. Just because you want an objective source of morality, doesn't mean there is one.

Which is to say, morality is by definition subjective and relative. We make it up to suit our needs. Slapping "God said" in front of a moral tenet does not make it objective unless there is actually a god.
[Trash Planet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMUK3q4RjUY)
The very phrase "big pharma" sounds like Tim Robbins' rant from *Team America: World Police.* "The corporations sit there in their... in their corporation buildings, and... and, and see, they're all corporation-y... and they make money. "
Dogs may or may not be able to get autism, but this is orthogonal to the question of whether pets should be vaccinated.
How do you get Spotify to work? No matter how many Play buttons I press, nothing happens. Which one is the real play button that will actually start music playing?
If you're choosing the red door, you should probably read *Replay* by Ken Grimwood. If it's not already one of your favorite books, I mean.
> but web development already pays really well.

It will do, right up until it doesn't.

If you do not learn continuously, you will become obsolete and subsequently be replaced with a newer model.
Probably a typo. The keys are right next to each other.
>  Another tip is to contact the pharmaceutical company and ask if they have any price discounts programs. 

Yes, my wife takes a medicine that was dropped from $200 to $25 for three months thanks to a manufacturer discount.
Yep, in fact our vet has GoodRX membership cards on their counter.
From the article: "Google is planning on forcing Google Play Music users onto Google Play Music by the end of 2018."

I was worried, but this seems like no big deal, frankly. Not much force will be needed to migrate users to the service they're already on.
I've heard it said that arrogance is when you think you're the shit, but you're not, while confidence is when you think you're the shit, and you are.

Doctor Strange is definitely the shit now.
Magisk downloads an executable that it uses to check SafetyNet. I don't know where it stashes that, or its name, but you could probably call it from a Tasker "Run Shell" task to get the info you need.
There's no such thing as a "21 year old girl." That's called a *woman.* IMHO, this tells you all you need to know. He does not see you as an adult and he has no intention of treating you like one. He can play nice... for about a month and a half. Then he expects you to stop faffing about with all this "I'm my own person" nonsense and fall in line. He's been *lenient,* don't you see!

But you're in luck: unlike his new family, you still have a choice as to whether you and he have a relationship.

There is no reason at all to reply to him. He has told you to get in touch when you are ready. Take him at his word. "When you are ready" could be days, or years, or never. If it's never, that's fine.

That's my advice. It sucks that the other people in his new family, who you like, will be collateral damage, but the price is simply too high. You didn't know those people a hundred days ago and you were fine. You will be fine again. Spare some sympathy for them, if you like; I am pretty sure he is not as good a husband and father as he has convinced himself he is.
https://www.theonion.com/black-father-gives-son-the-talk-about-holding-literally-1825024938
This show was part of ABC's brilliant strategy to keep people watching their network while *Lost* was on hiatus by running in that show's time slot a variety of limited series that would, in theory, appeal to the same people who watched *Lost.*

Didn't work out, but it was a good attempt.
Thanks!
Would love a code.
The mention of Roko's Basilisk was a hoot. My wife glanced at me and said, with a sigh, "that's a real thing, I assume."
> Why would Samsung do extra work for Verizon? 

Because they want Verizon to sell their phones.
Brunch at the Salish Lodge (before or after viewing the Falls) is a lovely thing.
"When you come to a fork in the road, take it" —Yogi Berra
Coldplay?
The variable `%BRIGHT` contains the current brightness, just set up an event on that variable changing. On some devices, this variable is always 255 if auto brightness is enabled, which might be helpful.
The President must be at least 35... in dog years!
Knew a guy who legitimately thought the band was called They Might As Well Be Giants.
There is nothing else that could be causing this. It's a bad battery.
Yes, i watched the video. I don't really understand your objection. It's basically the same technique as the milk jug, except the milk jug is free.
Or a milk jug with the bottom cut off.
[Apparently Straczynski liked having a pelican shoved up his ass.](https://twitter.com/straczynski/status/987275591278735360)
Wait does not take up any processing time, it sets a timer to resume the task after the specified delay. It's perfectly safe to use and is the way I'd do this.

Create profile with Application state for Chrome. Entry task is a named task called "Chroming A Long Time" (or whatever) with Wait 30 minutes followed by Flash with the desired message. Exit task (needn't have a name) has a Stop Task action that stops "Chroming A Long Time."
It was one of those compact fluorescent ones, maybe mercury is delicious.
Because dog. Knew a Bassett hound once who ate a light bulb.
It depends a lot on where you live, I think. In my nearly eighteen years in Seattle, I've never had trouble finding work as a technical writer without a Bachelor's. When I was last looking for work about a year ago, I landed interviews at Google, Microsoft, and Amazon.

Still, getting a Bachelor's is a good move for most people, in most areas, especially if they're just entering the field.
Why not start applying and find out?
That dog in front is going:

ƎᴚƎH ᴎI S⅁O◖ ℲO ⊥O⅂ ∀  
Ǝ⋊I⅂ S,ƎᴚƎH⊥  
'MOᴎ⋊ ∩O⅄ OS ⊥S∩ſ
> I get lots of, "Is your phone broken?" "Do I have the wrong number?" sorts of questions. If I don't answer someone's texts instantly, they seem to think those are the only plausible explanations. Because it's unheard of to go hours without checking your phone.

Reminds me of the joke about the farmer who had his newfangled "telephone" installed in his barn rather than his house. "But how will you know to answer the phone?" he was asked. "Who says I plan on answering it? I got the phone for *my* convenience, not everyone else's."
I cannot read that headline without reading it as, "Chase announces 70 bank breaches..."
USB debugging will only connect to computers whose fingerprints you have approved. The phone has to be unlocked to approve a new computer. So that's generally pretty safe.

If your phone is encrypted, people can flash your phone all they want and they'll still need to enter your PIN/password at startup (assuming it's configured to require this), or else wipe your data. If you're worried about people flashing malware onto your device, you could write a little Tasker script that does a checksum of the boot and system partitions at startup and throws up an alert if these were changed from a known good state. (Tasker profiles are stored on the data partition, and so are encrypted if your phone is, and hard to tamper with.)

You might check the OEM Unlock setting in Developer Settings and see if that will serve to re-lock your bootloader, or close enough.
I'd be freaking freaked out if I saw exit signs crawling through a corridor.
The Same Pilot 21 Times

or

21 Pictures of a Pilot
On the contrary, any GOP senator who remains conflicted on Trump is comatose or blind. The time for feeling conflicted is long past.
I'm impressed that the sign apparently supports true centering.
got damn, brutal af
I think it's the latter. I don't see a lot of Wendy's out here in the Pacific Northwest, for example (or at least, way fewer than I was used to seeing when I lived in the Midwest) but I also don't see that many Burger Kings. I'm sure if Wendy's thought they could make more money here by opening more stores, they'd have done that already.
> "But what if they find a pretense to walk out every day" is a fallacy--specifically a red herring

More of a slippery slope argument.
She persisted.
What is it?
There wolf... there, castle
well, it's not wrong.
Switching from Wells to PayPal is like jumping from the frying pan into the fire.
Why is it, then, that when I said "criminal" you thought I was talking about Trump?
The difference between a criminal investigation and a witch hunt is that criminals actually exist.
Sure, thing. Thanks, heaps!
Smart traffic management will probably also help. For example, if you are uploading at the same time as downloading (a la BitTorrent) you may suffer from an inability to send ACK packets in a timely fashion, which can cause your incoming connections to become quite a bit slower. Pirioritizing outbound ACKs and other handshaking packets (like DNS queries) can help a lot in these situations.
The overall strategy seems a lot like ZMODEM, which (unlike predecesors XMODEM and YMODEM) does not acknowledge each packet, but rather tells the sender to back up to a particular offset when it detects a transmission error.

In fact, I would imagine that running ZMODEM over a UDP connection (or several) would do the trick pretty nicely... ZMODEM is no joke. ZMODEM limits files to 4GB in size, but you can work around that by splitting files, which you're going to want to do anyway.
Doesn't matter that the states have passed laws allowing it. It's still illegal. It's up to the Feds if they want to enforce, and this will vary depending on who's in office and how they feel about weed. So far, so good, but I'm sure this line of business seemed much safer back when Obama was in office.

The DEA doesn't have the manpower to raid every grower or seller in every state where it's been "legalized," but they don't need to. Raid a couple and the rest will shut down voluntarily to avoid being next.
I enjoyed it. It has a describable plot, and the plot isn't even that basic. People say Stephenson's endings are weak, but he's written far weaker endings than this one, for later novels even.

It was his third novel and certainly his most ambitious to that date. I'd almost always rather read an ambitious failure than a pedestrian success.

However, I do consider Stephenson's second novel, *Zodiac,* to be almost criminally underrated. It's not nearly so ambitious, and it works very well.
The tough black mineral that won't cop out when the heat's all about!
Also the wound he received in the Battle of the Blackwater was way worse in the book. His nose was basically chopped off.
I was working for a large software company once and, while meandering the corridors, took a turn and found myself looking right into the eyes of a woman who was taking the corner from the other direction.

I'm 6'3".... that doesn't happen often.

Never saw her again.
Jesus essentially said, "You are The Rock, and upon this rock I will build my church." He was playing on Peter's name meaning "rock."

Christ committed a pun.

N.B. Catholics interpret this scripture as Jesus naming Peter as the first Pope. Protestants interpret it as Peter's *faith* being the foundation of the religion.
I'm pretty sure Vision isn't going to hang around doing Tony's bidding. Tony would have restored Jarvis from a backup to help him do stuff.
"I'll take laws I never imagined we needed for $400, Alex"
Show me on the rubber chicken where Chik-Fil-A touched you.
They can register *now* if they will be 18 by Election Day.
One exercise I found useful to reduce pulling is to reverse direction whenever the dog starts pulling, then after a dozen steps or so, turn around and go back. Dog wants to pull ahead and get to something interesting? Sorry, we're going the other way now. He'll decide eventually that getting to the whatever-it-is without pulling is better than not getting to it at all.

My girl Violet would start pulling at the end of a walk when the house came into sight. It took only a couple of 15-minute sessions of turning around and walking away to break her of the habit.
I'd recommend trying a Martingale collar, also called a training collar. These are kind of midway between a choke collar and a regular collar in terms of the pressure they can apply. Adjusted properly, they just get quite snug and are not in any danger of actually choking the dog. This collar makes leash training much easier because it lets the dog feel when he is reaching the end of his leash, as well as when you want him to pay attention. Get one with a chain loop (rather than fabric) [like this](https://silverfoot.myshopify.com/collections/dog-training-collars) so that as the leash goes taut, he can hear the chain jingling. Correcting him then becomes a matter of a mere twitch on the leash to make the chain make sound. You can train him to stop whatever he is doing and pay attention to you whenever he hears that sound (similar to clicker training).

More stubborn cases may benefit from a harness like the [Wonder Walker](https://www.wonderwalkerbodyhalter.com/) especially if they pull hard. The WW uses the dog's center of gravity against him and turns him around the moment he starts to pull. The harder he pulls, the faster he flips around. This puts a stop to pulling right quick.

Another good idea I read about is to always make your dog sit before crossing a street. That way, if he gets off leash, he'll stop before he runs into a street, out of habit.
Well, I mean footage from his suit. I am sure it was probably given to Jarvis for analysis. Computers are good at counting.
I don't even use that screen, I use a Recent Apps sidebar made by Everywhere Launcher. It just shows a row of icons across the bottom of my screen when pulled up.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appindustry.everywherelauncher
Someone had to review all the footage from the battle and count up his kills. Wonder how long *that* took, and who did it?
There was a guy named Koch who was so fed up with people mispronouncing his name, he legally changed his name to Coke-is-it.

https://www.nytimes.com/1985/01/01/us/at-least-they-ll-say-this-name-correctly.html

He had to negotiate an agreement with the Coca-Cola company to keep his name, but did so successfully.

https://www.nytimes.com/1985/03/14/us/coke-settles-with-coke-is-it.html

N.B. "Coke Is It" was Coca-Cola's slogan at the time.
Those rules are for consumer credit.
Definitely keep taking her to daycare. As long as she's not acting fearful, but just hanging back, she will probably come around soon. It's hard to resist a room full of other puppies to play with. You could also try talking to a couple of other puppy owners at your puppy class (if you go to one) and see if you can set up a smaller group for her to play in; that may be less intimidating to her.
I don't use bookmarks. I just remember what page I'm on. If I forget the number, I can get back to approximately the right place by feel anyway.
Named for the Iron Maiden song "Public Enema Number One" I assume.
I picked it up when it was free recently, but it's definitely worth 99 cents.
It's trivial to disable it, and this is essentially the same as deleting it. You don't get any storage back, but then, it isn't taking up any user storage (until you get updates, which you can uninstall). 
Edonomy
With all we're paying for this project, I'm disappointed they're using rusty steel rails.

/s
He is six letters ahead of Ali G.
On the other hand, Friedman's involvement is promising.
I was making Dad jokes when I was in the single digits...
Nixon was actually quite good at foreign policy. That we have economic relations with China right now is due largely to his efforts, including his landmark 1972 visit to China after 25 years of no official contact.

There's even a saying, "Only Nixon could go to China." Because he was known as a staunch anti-communist, he was virtually immune to domestic criticisms of being "soft on communism" during the rapprochement process.

Now we have Trump trying to start a trade war with them. Sigh.
I can make peace with that outcome as long as, like Nixon, he is an example and punchline for the rest of his life and beyond.
Me too! Thought I was doing something wrong!
Scam aka funds allegedly going to people other than where they were claimed or implied to go.
Tasker has two ways to detect which app is frontmost, and you can also change how frequently Tasker checks. Maybe some tweaking of these settings is in order. Both are available in Preferences > Monitor.

Edit: If you have Xposed, the module [AppContext](https://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/appcontext-application-context-tasker-t3623272) might suit you. It is a hybrid Xposed module and Tasker plugin that detects when a new application comes to the front using system hooks, instead of polling periodically as Tasker does natively.
The phone is great, especially if you can unlock the bootloader and install a custom ROM, but I needed to replace the battery after about 18 months.
This graph says it all:

https://www.ashlandchild.org/wp-content/uploads/autism-chart.jpg
If you have Xposed, the NotifyClean module will do this.
I initially felt like the most obvious recent parallel to *Children of Men* is probably *The Shape of Water.* Which, I'm astounded to see, cost only $20 million to make. It looked much more expensive than that!
That was a typo, it was really 38 seasonings.
Happened to watch this while Massive Attack's "Teardrop" was playing. Recommended.
Underrated submission right here.
Thought it was a baby Killmonger from the thumbnail
Around first grade, I wrote:

1. A *Six Million Dollar Man* fanfic in which Steve and Jaime were married and had kids named Tonya and Fine who had, implausibly, inherited their bionics. Yes, a kid named Fine because I thought it would be funny to have him answer "I'm Fine" to "Who are you?" and have the asker think he misheard it as "How are you?"

2. A picture book I co-wrote with my sister about a group of kids who solved mysteries called "The Case-Solving Gang."

3. A short-short written in response to a class assignment. It appeared in the school newsletter and therefore counts as my first published work. I reprint it in its entirety below:

> Once there was a gum named Spearmint. He got eaten by a man. Just one stick at a time.
The thing about the buffalo one is that you can put any number of buffalo in it and it still can be made to make sense.
Incorporate the MAC address as part of the name of a global variable. You do this by first constructing the variable name into a variable, then accessing the variable indirectly through the variable in which the name is stored via the `%%` prefix.

Ordinarily using dynamic variable names would be a code smell, but if you use an array you're basically doing the same thing, because Tasker doesn't have real arrays, so you may as well do it the way that uses half the number of variables as two arrays would.

For example:

1. Get your MAC address as `%macaddr`.
1. Use Variable Convert to convert the MAC to upper case for consistency (so if you sometimes get it in lower case, you will still match the MAC even if it was originally specified in upper case)
1. Use Variable > Variable Search and Replace to remove any non-hex characters. Just replace `[^0-9A-F]+` with nothing (or with an underscore if you prefer to separate the octets in a way that Tasker will accept).
1. Use Variable Set to construct a variable containing the name of the variable you will be using, i.e. set `%varname` to `VOLUME_%macaddr`. (Use whatever prefix you like instead of `VOLUME_`.) In this example your variable names will be like `VOLUME_012345ABCDEF` where the original MAC address was e.g. `01:23:45:ab:cd:ef`
1. Now you can use `%%varname` in Variable Set actions to set the value of this variable, or use `%%varname` anywhere you would ordinarily use a variable in an action (displaying a message, setting the volume, performing a calculation, etc.) Tasker first looks up the `%varname` part and gets `VOLUME_012345ABCDEF`, which (with the leftover `%`) looks like `%VOLUME_012345ABCDEF` which Tasker then uses.

You can put this text munging into a task to be called from other tasks using Perform Task. Pass in the prefix and the MAC address as the two parameters and get back the variable name.
Nice app, grabbed a copy. Please don't let it be a milkshake duck...
Fair Witness, if you're a Heinlein fan
\*flock
Did it at a local shop. If I had I it to do over, I'd probably send it in. The shop messed up my screen initially. They fixed it, but all in all I was without my phone for three weeks.
" t w i c e "   m e a n s   t w o   t i m e s
"twice" means two times
Yes, it's BT Device Connected.

Could also just check whether `%PACTIVE` matches `*,Profile Name,*` (where you have inserted the name of the profile between commas).
I enjoyed *Trainwreck,* to be honest. John Cena was hilarious in that movie.
Well, "Jack" for "john" doesn't make much sense, either. The answer is that a nickname is not *short for* another name; it's *a nickname* for the other name.

Daisy is also a nickname for Margaret, because *marguerite* is the French word for a daisy (as well as the source of the name).
Arrays are just individual variables with numbers at the end, so you could brute-force it by making multiple profiles for as many variables you are likely to have in the array. %VAR1, %VAR2, %VAR3, etc. Note that e.g. deleting an item from the array will cause a lot of changes to these variables (though you'd have to try it to see if those all trigger the event).
There are other fingerprinting approaches that are harder to detect. For example, you can use characters that look like Latin letters, but which have a different code point (homoglyphs). Or subtle typos in various combinations.
This won't eliminate valid text, which zero-width characters are.
I replaced my battery a couple months ago due to shutdowns like this. It solved that problem nicely.
This past week, it was:

* 60% migrating old content into a new structure and editing it lightly
* 20% writing new material based on documents provided by the product team
* 20% fighting with git

Next week it will probably be 80% writing new material and 20% fighting with git. Week after that, 80% editing in response to reviews and 20% fighting with git.

What I like:

* learning about new stuff
* explaining things
* cleaning up prose

What I dislike:

* git
I'm mildly amused by the fact that a full 10% of the video is occupied by the 3D-animated title and copyright notice.
That trailer is ridiculous... they're using the Terminator theme!
Ooh, great idea. My wife has a playlist of songs the DJ played at our wedding, I just need to get that queued up on her phone somehow...

Congratulations on making it to 20!
Yes? They're quite good!
Fortunately they can have tablets now... it's harder to screw those up.

In my mom's mid 50s, she bought a Mac, because:

Mom: Do I buy a Mac or a PC?  
Me: Well, do you want me to help you if you run into trouble?  
Mom: Of course.  
Me: Then buy a Mac.

So she did. Then she went out and got the thickest book about Macs that she could find and read it cover to cover, and never once called me to ask a question about her computer. 

She's 75 now and uses a Dell these days. She uses Firefox for browsing, and runs the antivirus that comes with Windows. I get about one question a year from her and it's never any kind of malware.

I'm not really sure what everybody else her age is doing wrong.
You mean people can just call you up on the phone and *lie* to you?
You don't have to illegally reside in the US to smuggle in illicit merchandise. In fact, if you were living here illegally, you'd probably prefer not to draw the attention of the authorities by doing stuff like that. Smugglers typically aren't immigrants.
Do you really want to ~~drive over a bridge built by~~ live in a society of people educated by the lowest bidder?
It looks exactly the same. You can just go onto the same thread you're looking at in your screenshot and see it.
Songwriters get royalties, and they usually don't have a lot of expenses to earn back (whereas the performer will have to earn back the cost of making their record before they see any royalties).
You shouldn't *push* your puppy into the crate, but picking her up and placing her in the crate is OK. 

If you she doesn't seem to appreciate you doing that, then pick her up and put her down in various places, sometimes near a treat, sometimes near a toy, sometimes in a neutral place... sometimes real quick, sometimes hold her a bit longer... she will learn that you moving her around is not a bad thing in itself. It is something you might need to do throughout her life, so it's good for her to get acquainted with it now.

Ian Dunbar has a great overall plan, but hie tends to be hyperbolic on some topics. "If you don't do it my way, your puppy will be ruined for life." No, probably not. I mean, it's possible for a puppy to be super-sensitive, but you'd notice that pretty quickly. Most puppies take whatever happens to them in stride. They're wired that way; since they're not born knowing what "normal" is, for the first few months of their lives they just accept everything as normal, and use it to calibrate their sense of normal. That's why early training and socialization are so important.

Right now, your puppy has only been away from her littermates for a week and a half and probably doesn't yet feel comfortable alone and confined in her new environment, so some complaining is to be expected. Do you know if the breeder fed her in a crate, once she started on solid food? That makes a big difference, in my experience. You should of course always feed her in the crate, and make sure there is soft bedding or towels that will pick up her scent so it smells like home.

It should be fine to leave her in the crate in the scenario you describe, in my opinion. If you let her out because she is crying, then she learns to cry when she wants out. She *will* settle down and go to sleep eventually; she is a 9.5-week-old puppy and her batteries wear out pretty quickly.
Major apps have PDF as a "Save As" option these days. For those that don't, you can install a faux printer driver that saves a PDF when you print.
Here is what probably happened.

1. Guy informally pitches "Montauk" to the Duffer Bros.
2. Duffer Bros then google "Montauk" and realize it's a real-life conspiracy theory and this guy's creation is merely based on it.
3. Duffer Bros realize they can develop their own show from the same source material that they will completely own.
4. Story ends up having some similarities to the other guy's project because it's from the same source and was also written by writers.

It might have been Larry Niven who said that if you give a writer an idea, and he develops it into a wildly successful franchise, that writer owes you a drink—but no more.

I think the Duffer Bros might owe this guy a drink.
It's silicone, actually.
They have been aggressively ramping up to compete in the space. A year ago when I was looking for work (I'm a technical writer), there were a ton of openings on cloud teams at Oracle. Might still be.
To shreds, you say?
Yep, that's why there are so many options. People for whom burgers are a staple food may not be so choosy. I used to be with them but now I'm kinda with you...
I've found a lot more variation among Carl's Jr. locations than among, say, McDonald's or BK. I've had some really good burgers from my local Carl's.
I think you have to draw a line between restaurants that serve food quick enough for a drive-thru to be viable, and others like Five Guys or Fatburger where it takes a little longer (but is still quick).

In-N-Out is a well-above-average drive-thru burger.
Wendy's is good, and I have a soft spot for them since I practically lived on their $1.99 single combo in college, but there's really no shortage of fast food burgers these days that are better than McDonald's. Most of the better places aren't national (yet). I'm partial to Burgerville, a Portland chain that I wish would hurry up and open some Seattle-area locations already.
It kinda depends on how you like your burger. If you like lots of toppings, it's more than passable. "It's not bad" is how I'd describe a lot of actual-meat burgers I've had, frankly.
To shreds, you say?
I'd suggest Wen Spencer's Ukiah Oregon series. Quick reads but by no means dumbed down, and an interesting and original concept. First book is *Alien Taste.*
What I meant was it's more of a trademark thing—although usually authors do not usually pursue trademark registration for their titles, either.

If your title is likely to cause confusion as to its origin, your publisher probably will make you change it. So you would be ill-advised to name your high fantasy novel *Lord of the Rings* or your future-historical sci-fi saga *Foundation,* even if your book is nothing like those. But there are a number of books named *Ship of Fools,* to pick a lesser-known title at random.

It's usually best to come up with something reasonably original. It helps readers who hear about your book, and want to read it, find the right one. I am pretty sure there is only one book named *Bob Honey Who Just Do Stuff,* and ever will be.
If your god tells you to use a stun gun on your child, *your god is evil and must be destroyed.*
You might be thinking of *Winged Migration,* a.k.a. *Le Peuple Migrateur* or *The Travelling Birds.* It is breathtaking.
> Siri Eyes Free

Additionally, your car system has to support it. They added Siri support to the Uconnect system in Fiat/Chrysler vehicles just last year, for example. (We have a Durango.) The Starlink system in our Subaru doesn't support it.
Yes, I also use uBlock Origin. Right-click the adblock notice, near the edge, and choose Block Element from the context menu. Most of those notices also have a background element that keeps you from reading the page, which you might need to block separately.

Like I said in another message, it doesn't always work, but it works pretty often.
I had that problem a fair bit when my phone just didn't have enough free memory. Skinned versions of Android have less free memory and I ran into it on a pretty regular basis on my HTC Ten (even though it has 4 GB RAM) until I switched to a Lineage-based custom ROM.
If you are not using adoptable storage but have Xposed, you can use the module XInternalSD to have specific apps read and write data to the SD card that they would normally write to internal storage, which addresses the problem in a different way.
It doesn't work all the time, but it works more often than you'd expect.
I block the message telling me to turn off my ad blocker, using my ad blocker.
> They think having children is a negotiable or something that can be “compromised” on. 

Let's you and me "compromise" where I get everything I want, and you get everything you *don't* want, but we'll only do it twice instead of four times....
If only because Phil Collins might write a song about them!
It turns out you can fit a lot into 8K if you omit the shout-outs to other demo groups.
"You will note that my preferred type of lady wears an expression of disdain or even disgust. This is the typical result when a woman meets me or, indeed, learns anything at all about me, for example by reading this very message I am posting right now. Do not worry, it is not a deal-breaker for me."
Todd Rundgren is a mensch, besides being a brilliant vocalist, songwriter, musician, and producer.

Edit: also, props to Liv Tyler's mom for having her head screwed on straight.
Contract law is complicated. Got it.
i wss hoping and praying that this GIF would show the trampoline coming down. And it did. 
/r/totallynotrobots
"There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.” 

Douglas Adams, *The Restaurant at the end of the Universe*
You can't copyright a title, so the answer is never.
I pretty much always go in and cancel the trial as soon as I sign up for it. Usually you still get the full trial, it just doesn't auto-renew into a paying subscription.
> Since I don't plan to be doing any heavy work on this machine it probably won't heat up like it would have when it was someone's office workhorse

Old computers like this don't really have low-power states. Even keyboard input is done via polling, not via interrupt, so the processor never halts. In other words, it's probably going to get just as warm waiting for you to type something as it would crunching a spreadsheet.
Al Gore was described as one, and kind of embodies the concept. It's often applied to candidates who lay out detailed policy proposals during their campaign. (Wonks usually lose to candidates who make broader promises.)
If you're in trouble, give 'im some urine trouble...
Or if you display even armchair interest in the law (such as a software engineer who is fairly into intellectual property law because of open source).
His issue was that researchers were not seriously considering scenarios like the one he proposed because they were afraid of incurring the wrath of the gay community. In his view, it didn't matter whether his hypothesis was seen as victim-blaming, it mattered only whether it was true or not. If it wasn't true, it could be quickly disproven and that would be that. If he was right, though, science was about to spend billions of dollars and many years chasing down a blind alley, during which time many people might lose their lives.

Of course the reason nobody bothered trying to disprove his hypothesis is that, to researchers in the field, it was obviously nonsense, not even worth testing.

I think he even today believes his heart was, and is, in the right place. He's just mistaken, and stubborn about it, which makes him a red-letter example of this thread.
He also believed that a lot of the symptoms of AIDS were actually side effects of the highly-toxic chemotherapy drugs that were initially pressed into service to treat it. He thought that the fact that the researchers who linked HIV to AIDS announced their findings at a press conference (rather than submitting them to peer review) smacked of fame-seeking. He thought it was suspicious that AIDS became defined by the presence of the virus (AIDS-like symptoms without HIV were dubbed some other disease, while an HIV infection with no symptoms was by definition AIDS) before the link had been, in his mind, properly established. He also thought the spread of AIDS was unlike any other known disease, which would require HIV to behave unlike any infectious agent in history, which he thought ludicrously unlikely.

He also felt that the gay community was, for obvious reasons, steadfastly against any hypothesis that cast even a shadow of blame on the victims, and that that encouraged researchers to prematurely focus on HIV to the exclusion of possible alternative causes.

His criticisms were not entirely unreasonable in the early days of the AIDS crisis. His book is an interesting read if taken in historical context. But progress has not exactly been kind to his hypothesis, and it's shameful that he still clings to it.
Peter Duesberg, father of the AIDS denialist movement
I poked one, it was dead.
Yes, the basic idea is that there are some laws that the Jews kept to set them apart from other cultures, others that they followed originally for practical reasons (e.g. not eating pork), and others because they defined and modeled what God considered to be righteous. Christians claim to advocate following this last category because they want to be righteous, not because they want to be Jewish. Prohibitions on sexual immorality would be in this category.

There is some disagreement even among Christian sects as to which is which. For example, some consider Sunday to be "the Christian Sabbath" and discourage any kind of work. Others consider Sunday a Christian holy day but don't prohibit labor. There's an argument made by some that if you're not sure what a Jewish rule is for, it's better to follow it and be safe than to ignore it and be sorry. Tellingly, though, no Christian goes as far as orthodox Jews with their Sabbath mode appliances.
To be clearer, if you had One+, there was a window after the introduction of DIGITS where you could add one DIGITS-only number per line of service for free. Any DIGITS number adding during this promo would always be free of monthly charges. Now that promo is over, so adding a DIGITS number always carries a monthly charge even if you have One+.
FOX NEWS
I'm reminded of George Carlin's line: "If there is a God, may he strike this audience dead!"
Some bars of soap [are designed](https://imgur.com/a/lCVQ9) to make this process easier.
Only if you can also come up with transparent batteries, ICs, circuit boards, et. al.
Yeah, pretty much the same. I was correcting a search term that didn't return any matches to a word that was actually in the help system.
One use case is spelling corrections. I once used Levenshtein for this purpose as part of an online help system.
In Spanish you pronounce pretty much all the letters, and almost always the same way (aside from some doubled letters that have their own pronunciation, e.g. "rr" means a rolled r sound). Given a word's spelling, it is straightforward to work out how to pronounce it, and vice versa.

Spanish-speaking people tend to be mystified by the concept of a spelling bee.
Do you want to get kicked in the head? Because that's how you get kicked in the head.
CBS could probably run it every week for a while and still draw viewers.
I can't imagine a studio has been worried about Spielberg's box office draw for, oh, forty years or so..
Well, if these films are allowed to do that, then surely that's no different from a similar run of a Netflix film.
Catch Me If You Can
Here's the drum battle with Buddy Rich from the original Muppet Show.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJh9W3Gcpmo
It very definitely does work.

There is a book, *Live for Success* by John Molloy, which is all about how to fake it. Basically, it teaches you the body language (and other social habits) of upper-middle-class people. They learn it by osmosis, but anyone can learn it intentionally. As you have success with it, it becomes self-enforcing. Book is old and out of print, but worth seeking out.
The Dwight Schrute school. "Before I do anything, I ask myself: would ~~an idiot~~ a confident person do that? And if the answer is yes, I ~~do not~~ do that thing."
a.k.a. Three's Company
You'd expect so, given the amount of practice he'd had.
I am pretty sure they can just bombard it with slightly greasy solar atoms.
I liked *Emergence* by David R. Palmer.

How in the world do you pronounce it that it has an "a" sound in it? I've never understood how this error is even possible.
You can know either account balances or cash flows, but not both at the same time.
More like "people don't go in Best Buy." I think the last time I was in a Best Buy was at least three years ago.
Spartans are from East Lansing, [tho](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michigan_State_University).
Thirty Peggys agree...
TIL Best Buy sold Huawei smart phones.
Large-radius unsharp mask (e.g. 255 pixels) at 10-15% to increase local contrast.

Increase vibrance to improve color pop. Maybe a little saturation too, but use that more sparingly.
Basically it's to enable the wireless service on your router, i.e., the one you'd usually be renting from them (probably a modem/router combo). Since you have your own modem and router, this is an entirely bogus charge. If you need to tell them you are not using wireless before they take it off, tell them that. There is no way for them to tell from their end whether you're using wireless or not.
Often, illegal immigrants use a bogus SSN to take above-board jobs. They have taxes withheld from their paychecks, but because the SSN isn't theirs, they can't claim a refund, or later collect Social Security.

https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2016/09/undocumented-immigrants-and-taxes/499604/
> Computer-generated speech doesn't have an accent

False. Early English text-to-speech software had a distinctive "drunken Swede" accent.
And Firefox .xpi
I'm sure this is a long shot, but if you have T-Mobile on both the phones, you can do this with their DIGITS app, which is available for both iOS and Android. They also have a DIGITS Web app which you can access on any PC.
Immigration already *is* fixing declining population. The US population would be declining right now if not for immigration.

Which is favorable, because without increasing population, Social Security becomes insolvent a *lot* faster...
It would be tough to keep up the façade of being help and also have real help as well. Also tough to keep the help in the dark about what's going on in the house. The price you pay for immortality.
18 is 2 x 9, 45 is 5 x 9, multiply the 2 and 5 to get 10, multiply that by the leftover 9 x 9.
Possibly the landlord wants to protect OP from the bad things out there in the world.
Yes, I just did my taxes. It just asked me if I was covered. The IRS gets copies of the forms, so they already know.
Doesn't cost 'em anything to list it and if the buyer even sees their listing, it means everyone else is sold out of that title. People who are desperate for a particular title might bite. Depends on how desperate. You only need a few.
A price of $600 on a book means "I don't have this book, but for $600 I will find you a copy."
Sr. Sr. (Señor Senior)
Our last bill's water usage charge was $6.45... for two months.

It was an additional $54.15 just to have service for those two months, but that charge isn't affected by how much we use.

Unless we can drop our usage to zero and completely cancel water service, it's basically impossible for water-saving gizmos to pay off.
That's a good reason. Remind me not to buy a Smart TV, though...
Dr. Dr. (Doctor Drive)
If you filter the ad request out of the HTML entirely, it also does not connect to the server.
There's really no reason to. It's just as easy to block an entire domain (if that's what you want) using HTML filtering. Using the DNS-based approach doesn't gain you anything.
More precisely, Dairy Queen is giving away free soft-serve dairy dessert cones. (Dairy Queen's product doesn't have enough butterfat in it to be legally called ice cream.)
If you're going to block those ads via another method... just use that method in the first place?
I loved the film. It's easily a top 3 MCU film for me. Marvel films do have a formula, but there's still plenty of room to play around within those confines.

But I agree that it could have been even better. I really wanted to see more scenes between T'Challa and Killmonger, especially before the fight. There was so much to explore there (avoiding spoilers) and the film just... didn't. 

Of course, it was already 2:14, so.
I don't recommend DNS-based ad blockers at all. All a site has to do is put some vital bit of its functionality on the same domain as the ads, and, assuming the site is important to you, you then have to whitelist the domain, and then you get the ads.
Yeah, the Robot put in a number of appearances through the years, including in an episode of the 1979 TV Saturday morning live-action kids' SF show *Ark II.* Which is itself worth a watch, actually.
First Disney movie to receive a PG, I believe.
My favorite gag is the text on the computer screen during the jet-car test.

SINED  
SEELED  
DELIVERED
Yes, these aren't newborns. They look pretty young, but still, a lot bigger than they were at birth.

You would be amazed by how stretchy the uterus is. My wife and I breed Glen of Imaal terriers, which have the same kind of dwarfism as corgis. Our first brood bitch's first litter was nine puppies. Her belly was dragging the floor by the time she whelped.
I think they wanted to tie in with the impending release of the children's book, and that was the most straightforward way to do it.
Large breeds are bred to be docile for precisely this reason. You can't control then, but you don't need to.
MediaTek: for all your creepy floating disembodied panda head needs.
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
To add on to this: They've come to see him at a show, and they're trying to be all like "oh, I know that guy" and get a piece of his fame. Ben's not having it.

Of course the other side to it is how pathetic it is to hold grudges that long.
He's just about to strangle his double, to get rid of the "prestige materials."
The dots are candle holders; the one actually holding the candle is functional, not decorative, so doesn't count in the counting. (Too bad whoever decorated this didn't have a white candle holder on hand.)
https://i.imgur.com/CBF7QUp.png
Nice. Like Fitz and the Tantrums.
I heard he's not afraid.
The policy is designed to prevent "haters" from participating in their subredit. They care far more about false negatives ("haters" getting through) than false positives (perfectly sane people being banned) because they feel the former individuals are far more destructive to their community. In other words, their goal is to keep bad actors out, not to allow every possible good actor in. They are happy to sacrifice the participation of some people who would contribute to the community in order to keep out those who would damage it.

It's like a "folksonomy" such as tagging photos... it's not important that every single photo of a mountain be tagged "mountain," but rather that, when you search for "mountain," you get photos of mountains. You don't care whether you get *every* photo of a mountain, but rather that you get *only* photos of a mountain. They want *only* valuable contributors, not necessarily *every* potentially valuable contributor. Civility is more important to them than growth.

The heuristic they've adopted keeps out a ton of people they consider undesirable with virtually no effort and the only cost is that their community probably won't grow as quickly as it might otherwise. It is easy and free to make an additional account and if you really want to contribute, you can simply do that. The fact that their rule works at all means that most of the bad actors simply can't be bothered.

Moderating an online service where anyone can instantly create an unlimited number of free, anonymous accounts is a lot of work and is done entirely by volunteers, so any rule you can use to lighten the workload is a win. (Moderating a for-pay online service is a different set of problems. I've done that. People will argue that they paid their money same as anyone else and have a perfect right to participate however they see fit. But at least when you ban them, they tend to stay gone.)
Hhhuh uh. Hhhuhuhuhuhh.

*Heh. Heheh. Heheheheheheh.*
/r/suspiciousquotes
AS A HUMAN MANUFACTURED IN <GERMANY> I <ANNEX> YOUR SENTIMENT
> Large buildings like malls, sorts arenas, and office complexes can also have interior antennas, called DAS (distributed antenna systems), if carriers deem it necessary.

A lot of tunnels have these, including some subways.
What's interesting about the crappy ones is that, unless you're looking right at them, they work pretty well to camouflage the tower. From the corner of your eye, they "read" as a tree. In some circumstances (such as towers next to a freeway), this is "good enough."
Her name was Margaret Suckley
I'm partial to "E = MC Hawking." "I explode like a bomb, no one is spared / My power is my mass times the speed of light squared."
DO NOT go to a hotel's front desk and ask them if they have a guest named "Heroin."
You could get 68060 accelerators for the Amiga. Apple never used that chip, instead migrating to the PowerPC. So far as native code goes, the Amiga could be faster than a real Mac. However, by the time Apple stopped using PowerPC, the Mac's 68040 emulation could easily run circles around a silicon 68K, even an 060.
"This way to the egress!"
A sentence like "I cannot imagine..." can only be answered "I can't be held responsible for your faulty imagination."
Is the cringing at your writing accompanied by an irresistible itch to fix it? Then you're fine. [I found this article](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2017/mar/04/what-writers-really-do-when-they-write) to match my writing process pretty closely. You rewrite and rewrite your work until you aren't *too* embarrassed to have written it anymore. With experience, you need fewer and fewer drafts to get there.
Took me a minute to realize why they kept showing the same row of dots being painted twice...
Average high-schooler Matt Baker is having the worst day ever. First he learns his parents are getting a divorce, then he has to sit next to the school's biggest nerd, Melvin Blunberger, on the bus. And then his girlfriend dumps him...

But it turns out Melvin is actually the captain of an Arcturan starship now in orbit around the Earth scheduled to depart that very day, and naturally he invites his new best friend to come with him. So begins a juvenile and derivative adventure written by a couple of high-schoolers who had definitely read some Douglas Adams and assorted other sci-fi, fantasy, and horror authors and a lot of comics. 

Aliens with three eyes and backward hands! Wizards and their evil twin stepcousins! A frustrated, suicidal immortal! An immense villain and his zombie grandfather! An otherworldly bagpiper with a bad sinus infection! Also a perfectly ordinary human woman... ordinary, that is, except for her strange mania for cleaning. But definitely no androids, paranoid or otherwise!

# STARSHIP
# OF FOOLS

Includes, for the first time ever in print, the short story prequel "Melvin's Crew"
You want your mind blown, try laughing back. I can reliably make any of our dogs lose their shit by imitating dog laughter. Well, except for the oldest one; he doesn't hear too well anymore...
\*farter-in-law
To paraphrase Dwight Schrute: "Before you say anything, ask yourself: would a jerk say that? And if the answer is yes, do not say that thing."
Do you use a Dvorak keyboard, perhaps?  :-)
Wakanda's isolationism wasn't so much an inherently bad thing, as a thing whose time had passed. They had built their society to a place of strength, using both vibranium and a sense of national identity, and so they didn't have to worry about outsiders taking it from them anymore. The defeat of the outsider Killmonger, who wanted to literally take over the nation and use its technology to destroy the world order, was the narrative moment when this was finally and firmly established, and the reason T'Challa, in the end, decided to bring Wakanda out of the closet.
Reddit is a publisher and as such also has an enshrined First Amendment protection, called "freedom of the press." Even if you could say whatever you wanted, which you can't, nobody who owns a megaphone is obligated to let you use it to amplify your speech. Editorial prerogative is a thing; Reddit or any other site has as much right to control what you say in its pages as you do to say it in the first place.
`malloc` has the capability of reusing chunks of memory that have been released using `free`. It maintains a list of freed blocks, and will allocate within the first available block big enough to hold the request. Over time, `malloc` tends to end up with a "free list" that contains a growing number of very small blocks (so small they will, in practice, never be reused) which nevertheless must be checked on every new allocation. This can result in `malloc` getting gradually slower as a program runs. Many programmers have therefore written their own memory allocation functions, some of which have been released as libraries for general use. In practice, however, `malloc` isn't as bad as its reputation suggests. 
My wife and I (very white middle-aged nerds) saw it at the fan event held by some theaters: an early showing on Thursday night of opening weekend. The audience *was* mostly black, but nobody seemed to have a problem with us or any of the other white fans in attendance; if anything, the black fans we interacted with seemed happy that we were as into the movie as they were.
As the Disney/Pixar documentary *Cars* demonstrates, the same thing applies to automobiles.
It changes occasionally. "Black" is actually fine at the moment (check out any review of *Black Panther* for examples).
Wow, I hardly know anything about Isaac Newton either!
It is according to Woody Allen. "Don't knock masturbation. It's sex with someone you love."

(From his standup days. His standup is damn good, BTW.)
Yes, it's like the shakers of parmesan cheese you can buy are "made with 100% real parmesan cheese." And a small amount of sawdust so it doesn't all clump together.
> heathen cream fist 

Dibs on this band name.
Other way around. Foul ball counts as a strike until you have two.
As mind-blowing as Egan's novels are, his short fiction is even more amazing.

Also recommend Ted Chiang.

>Lol this is the most far left leaning discussion site that exists. 

Metafilter

One element of scrum is *defining done.* That's another one of those seemingly vague concepts that you get better at as you keep trying. 
The box contains a button. If you press the button, you become president, but someone you don't know dies.
The clock on the left is stupid. There's plenty of room on the right and you could put two or three notification icons in the space it takes up.
I'd be disappointed if her husband didn't pull a Bane from time to time. "You merely adopted the surname. I was born with it, molded by it..."
It got way more than I expected it to, actually!
...and the victim.

*The Three* by Donald Kaufman. Coming soon to a theater near you.
Yes, in a lot of Crichton's early work especially, there's barely even a plot.
Jules Verne and other early science fiction writers were inventing the form. They took the science part pretty seriously; it was important that the reader understand that the events described *could* happen, and how. If you already knew the scientific material they were including, you might appreciate how it was described and how it was integrated into the story. If you didn't, you'd learn something about fish or ballistics. Sort of like how *Doctor Who* was originally intended to be a family educational programme about history.
Be aware that when charging is complete, the charging context may exit, which will turn Do Not Disturb off.

What I used to do when I had a phone with wireless charging was use one profile to enter Do Not Disturb mode, then have that profile enable another one that is activated by the phone being lifted that turns off DND.
Courier New
Shoebox
Assuming it was night when you broke in, you wouldn't even see it coming.
Give this a try for a month. Act like you love him. Do the things you used to do to show him that you love him. All of them. Act like the cheating never happened. Give it everything you have.

In a month, you will either feel closer to him, or you won't. And you'll have your answer.
Add five terriers to this mix.
Yeah, I hate that too! Why do people do that?
A joe that is not sloppy is hardly a joe at all.
The larger problem is people reviewing the seller or transaction, as if Amazon were eBay, rather than the item they bought.
I saw this same S on a door in Renton, Washington at the Landing.
I don't know, I really like *a lot* of the songs on that album and consider it a pretty strong outing. My favorite is probably "Anagram" just for the wordplay.
If you liked this, you will probably appreciate a book called [Molloy's Live for Success](https://www.amazon.com/Molloys-Live-Success-John-Molloy/dp/0688004121/). This is by the same guy who wrote the book *Dress for Success.* He did actual research into the habits and body language of successful people, and his book teaches you how to, essentially, come off as a successful upper-middle-class person, even if you aren't. It's something actual successful upper-middle-class people pick up by contact, but you can learn it purposefully as well.

The book is old and out of print (though there are plenty of used copies available on Amazon) but a lot of the stuff in it is timeless.
My wife and I didn't know how to dance and we wanted to dance at our wedding. So we went to Arthur Murray, a chain of dance instruction studios. They taught us the [box step](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Box_Step), which is used in several ballroom dances in one way or another, and also helped us put together a series of moves to our chosen music for our first dance. It went off rather well; we even got cheers at the big finish we'd practiced. (My wife advises you not to try to dance in a wedding gown, however.)

Once you learn a bit of ballroom, or any style really, you start to figure out better how to move your body to music, and it becomes easier to pick up stuff by watching videos or other people. 

Or you can just take Scott Adams's advice: it's all in the hips. You can move your feet and your arms all you like but if there's no hip action, you'll look like a dork. I applied this technique liberally in the more free-form dancing at my wedding, and it worked out fine.
"Crispix" sounds like they started out with "crispy hexagons" and just started banging the words together until "crispix" fell out.
It's a statement of ennui. "I won't bother opening the door to get out of the car and go to work, for I am dead inside." Very French.
mmm, computational fluid dynamics
[it is a very precise and a compicated pran](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h59gRe6A6HU&t=2m3s)
I was once pulled over by police and they asked when I last had a drink. I thought for a minute and said... "New Year's eve?"

It was July.
01000001 01001100 01010011 01001111 0100000 01010100 01001000 01000101 0100000 01000111 01000001 01001101 01000101
It's the sequel to Door Hard With a Vengeance
Agreed with those who say that there's nothing wrong with your puppy.

Keep working with him, though. Try not distracting him with a treat while putting the leash on; tell him to sit, reward that, then put his leash on. Give him the treat *after* his leash is on, if he was good. He'll get it.
Yeah, got my numbers mixed up. She has a 7 Plus.
Corporate made pizza delivery guys bring food to your office through two feet of snow, when their own workers were not required to come in.
[In the year one million and a half](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szHiOqbjgPY)
Ehrmahgerd gerblins
No, the home button on my wife's 7 Plus feels like an actual physical button. First time I used it I tried to figure out how they made that whole end of the phone collapse into itself. Of course, they didn't. But it sure felt like they did, which is even more miraculous.
Yeah, entering search terms is so stupid on most set-top boxes. At least Amazon has a Fire app for your phone that can enter text using the phone's keyboard, which is still non-optimal but better than using the remote.
"I can't pronounce that name!"

"Have you seen a doctor about that? An inability to pronounce simple words could be a sign of a stroke. What? I'm just concerned for your health!"
I have actually had pretty good results just creating a new rule to block the ad-blocker nag... using my ad blocker. Few are the nags that don't succumb. Other sites work if you fake a Google search referrer (there are many extensions for that).
No, *you're* a creation of your mind!
What's the impact of this? You have to enter your password to check out, or do a lot of other things, so it seems like it would be minimal to me.
eclectic
Rooted? If so, Titanium Backup. Also, try a TRIM on the flash.

Not rooted? Try Helium.
Israel is also under actual existential threat from neighboring states, while the US is not.
I do a similar thing with Tasker. On incoming call (number matching 1425555*), end call. Drops them right to voice mail. I also have a contact "Blocked Caller" to which I add any other numbers I want to block. The advantage of doing it with a contact is that the list is backed up and synced to Google.
There's technically a way to implement that; just save another copy of the random key protected by a key only Google knows. But I don't know whether Google actually does that.
I am pretty sure he is scrambling extra-hard because some of his investors won't take bankruptcy for an answer.
Your phone has a dedicated security chip in it (referred to as the "secure element"), often integrated with the NFC chip since it's required for wireless smart card functionality. The key for encrypting your storage is randomly generated and unique to your phone. You do not have direct access to it; it is stored in the secure element. 

I recently had my HTC 10's battery replaced, and apparently opening the phone or removing power reset the secure element, because I could no longer decrypt the phone after I got it back from the shop. (This is actually a great security measure, though it would have been frustrating if I hadn't backed up my phone.)

The password or PIN you entered is used to obtain the actual key from the secure element. That way, you can change the PIN or password without having to re-encrypt the whole phone.
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Pizza Hut is at least recognizably pizza by taste.
Vampires may have only a few weaknesses, but their survival instincts are a strong as a mortal's, if not even stronger. A vampire can't ordinarily just walk out into the sun any more than a healthy mortal could just go jump off a bridge. Mortals need to be seriously depressed to override their survival instincts, and vampires, having a condition that precludes all mortal ailments, simply aren't nearly as subject to crippling depression. Ennui, sure, but boredom won't drive you to suicide.
That explains it. But I actually do have on-screen navigation enabled (running Resurrection Remix on the phone). I have the hard buttons assigned to do other things.
The Play Store says Navbar Apps is incompatible with my device, an HTC 10 running Nougat.

Already have Adapticons, it's great!
I was gonna give Newsweek props for "correct" use of "electrocute," but then I read the redundant, clunky first sentence.
So, his status should be widowered?
It's not good pizza. It's simultaneously bland and weird-tasting. The crust is limp and the middle of the pizza resembles tomato soup with melted cheese on top. Any chain pizza is better. Hell, most frozen pizza is better. To say nothing of your favorite local pizzerias. I have no idea how this chain is even still in business, especially when the owner is such a tool. Are there really enough people who have literally never tasted an actual pizza before to support a national chain?
I remember selling 12" Goldstar monochrome CRT monitors to Apple II owners at the rock-bottom price of $99. They were pretty good for the price, which was like a third of what Apple wanted. Available in both green and amber, too!
... to close the loop, Chrysler's logo at the time was a five-pointed star in a pentagon, a.k.a. the Pentastar.
Looks more like [a menacing werewolf](http://www.mobygames.com/images/shots/l/42942-transylvania-apple-ii-screenshot-darn-werewolf-chases-you-throughout.gif)
So are you saying that your remember Chartreuse, the liqueur that the color is named for, as being red?
Let's call the whole thing off.
Amazon should allow you to round up an order, to allow them to round down someone eles's order.
Bears bears bears.
The fourth emotion of Britons is queueing.
Mostly by not thinking about it, same as those who do believe in an afterlife.
Douglas Adams approves of that joke in the same way that bricks don't.
wen you hav ord  
a bal of bif  
onto a gril  
we pres that meat

the bif is fresh  
as u can taste  
the gril is sear  
and buttrd hot  

so wen you bite  
you taste the meat  
delicious burg  

we smash the bif
> I paid for a movie and got an emotionally-charged live performance

Also electrically-charged.
"See, even the *brown people* have figured out how to deal with the brown people problem!"
COHRL
Downvoted your comment only to bring it closer to 42.

N.B. did not actually downvote your comment
The bottom address bar is [gone in Chrome Canary](https://www.androidpolice.com/2018/02/16/experimental-chrome-home-interface-now-chrome-duplex-address-bar-back-top/), so Google has apparently reversed course. Though maybe they just haven't coded it yet.
It's technically a fork of IE's Trident engine, I think, so they were starting with something that worked (for some definition of "work") and had tests, but then they stripped out all the legacy stuff and rewrote a bunch of non-performant code, which was basically all of it. It's actually a pretty good engineering job.
...yes, I was acknowledging your point that there are limits to every freedom, even those guaranteed by the Second Amendment.
"Your right to ~~swing your~~ bear your arms ends where my ~~nose~~ massacred children begin."
Most importantly, the good and evil always balance to the penny.
If you file for an extension, be sure you won't owe any additional taxes. IF you do owe, you may be subject to penalties and/or interest, unless you pay (or overpay) by April 16.
Option c is the most baffling to me. Because someone somewhere thinks kids need to be *coached* to become advocates for gun control after watching their classmates be murdered. With guns.
Scott Lang: "Peter, why do you keep trying to paralyze and eat me?"  
Peter Parker: "I really don't know, Scott, it just feels *right,* you know?"
[it's a logo](https://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/archives/att_2016_globe_detail.png)
> auto carrot was messing stuff up

Indeed.
Hogwarts is a boarding school where parents send their children to study magic despite the very real dangers. It is supposed to be safe, like any school, but is decidedly not. Parents continue sending their children there even when, say, a basilisk is discovered roaming through the pipes, or, more to the point, when one of their children's fellow students is a boy that a powerful dark wizard is known to have a hard-on for. It does not occur at any point to anyone to close the school or to withdraw students.

From this we can assume that wizards are very, very bad at risk assessment.

We can further conclude that the people who wrote the books Hermione has read about time travel, which contained the dire warnings, are wizards and are as bad at risk assessment as all others of their kind.

Hence, time travel is likely completely safe and carries no serious consequences at all.
OK, then I agree with you.
Well, there is the circular nature of Gallifreyan writing.
Or, you know, the lower right corner of a TV screen.
> some even going so far as to say Wakanda is basically Africa without Europe’s intervention

That's not going all that far. It's a pretty obvious thread that runs through the comics. To claim otherwise is to say that *X-Men* is not at least partly an allegory for growing up gay.
But *Alien* and *Terminator* were 35 years ago! OK, sure, you got *Aliens* and *T2* a few years later, which were in many ways even better than their originals, including the kick-ass-ness of their female protagonists. (Both were James Cameron films, which isn't a coincidence, although considering them together, they are a little one-note in their invocation of the mothering instinct as the motivation for the ass-kicking.) And sure, we've had numerous kick-ass female protagonists since then, though arguably none quite as memorable. Which is kinda sad.

Maybe we'll still be talking about Imperator Furiosa in 35 years. *Maybe.* I can't really think of too many other cinematic female action characters who have left a Ripley-sized impression in the last couple of decades. The Bride from *Kill Bill,* perhaps, but she's not a character young girls should seek to emulate, I don't think. On TV, of course, we had Xena and Buffy.

My wife has been a big Wonder Woman fan since she was a girl. Among other things, it meant a lot to her young self that Wonder Woman was portrayed as the equal of major male characters like Superman and Batman. She wasn't a B-lister in any sense. Looking back at the original seven members of the Justice League, it is clear that Wonder Woman was something of a token, but at least she was credible enough as a character to merit her inclusion. (You want to talk about representation, the only non-white character in the original Justice League was a *Martian.)* She was never about raising children or taking care of a man, either, nor did she need rescuing by the other heroes on a regular basis. Now Wonder Woman is back in the spotlight, and my wife is thrilled that today's generation of girls will get to know her.

Since my wife is such a fan, and because *Wonder Woman* is now running on HBO, we've rewatched it several times recently. It holds up better than I expected. Unlike DC's other god-level superheroes, Wonder Woman has a character arc that doesn't revolve around being conflicted that she can't save literally everyone. The WWI setting hasn't been done to death, and the action set-pieces still drop my jaw after several viewings. Gal Godot is beautiful, but her sex appeal is mostly incidental to the plot. Even when the story takes a turn toward the predictable near the climax, there are still things that make it more interesting than your usual battle of indestructible titans. It's easily my favorite DC superhero movie to date (though I must confess I'm not really a fan of Nolan's Batman trilogy, and I much prefer Marvel to DC to begin with).
If you get out to the Pacific Northwest, try Quilter's Irish Death from Iron Horse. It's not a stout exactly (the brewer refers to it as a "strong dark ale") but some beer sites categorize it as a "sweet stout." It was the first beer I really enjoyed, and it's still one of my favorites.

The same brewery also has a Mocha Death, which is brewed with chocolate and coffee, and is also very good. It's a bit more stout-like, if you like your stouts with chocolate and coffee.
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Money Wallet For Paying
... :(
The open-paren in your frowny-face brings balance to this farce.
There's a line in an old Star Wars novel *(Splinter of the Mind's Eye)* where Leia is inspecting a weapon and refers to it as the "E-Eleven trooper rifle." *For years,* I thought she was stuttering. It is, of course, the [E-11](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/E-11_blaster_rifle).
> “THE WORST (clap) SERVER (clap) EVER (clap).” 

Ma'am, I'm so confused. If I'm the worst ever, why are you applauding?
)

just closing that for you
You mean. if you don't clean stuff, you don't need to paint it, either? Win-win!
*My kitty rides the Roomba  
Listen to the radio  
Don't you remember  
We built this city on rock and roll*
All in all it's just another butt on the wall
In this vein, I wrote a little decorator that gives a generator a function-style calling interface.

    import functools
    
    def gen2func(gen):
        generator = []
        @functools.wraps(gen)
        def wrapper(*args):
             if not generator:
                 generator.append(gen(*args))
                 next(generator[0])
             return generator[0].send(args)
        return wrapper

Usage:

    @gen2func
    def accumulate(a):
        b = 0
        while True:
            a, = yield b
            b += a

    accumulate(1)    # 1
    accumulate(3)    # 4
    accumulate(2)    # 6
Reality has a well-known liberal bias
This album was the first time I dipped my toes into Gabriel's older music. I figured it had songs on it from all hi pre-*So* albums so it would be a good intro to that era, but since it was a live album I wouldn't find it superfluous if I ended up buying the studio albums.

I was right... this is still one of the best live albums I've ever head.
Right you are, I confused your comment with someone else's.
Many Christians admit that prayer primarily is for the benefit of the one who prays, and that, as you say, God does not take requests.

Others believe in providence: basically, that chance favors those who pray. Some believe that God actively interferes with chance. Others may believe that since prayer benefits the one who prays, that by praying, you open yourself up to seeing what you need when it is presented to you (basically, a religious version of "fortune favors the prepared mind"). I think that's not all that unreasonable.
Every Christian child in America is covered at the very least by their parents' prayers, because what kind of Christian parent wouldn't pray for their own children's safety every day?

Some of them, the ones who spare a thought for others, might pray daily that their children's schools might be safe, or even that all schools might be safe, thereby shielding a wide range of people (even unbelievers!) under God's protective umbrella. There are enough Christians that we can presume that every student at every school in the US is covered at least once.

So, basically, if prayer works, there already aren't any school shootings. If it doesn't work, why would adding more help?
Wait, you mean that *isn't* why they're called "temps"?
Reminds me of the dedication for David Baerwald's album *Triage,* which reads:

"This record is dedicated to Ronald Reagan, in the sincere hope that there is a God and that He is vengeful beyond all comprehension."

(There's another version with more names, but the version I have lists only Reagan.)
1. cut a breathing hole in a drawer
2. put your pup in that drawer
3. make like to open that drawer

And that's the way you do it.
That's because you don't study physics at MIT
Reflection implies the girl has another face on the right side of her face.
Interesting that your boss's definition of "with class and appropriately" happens to be exactly the behavior that works out best for him.... quite a coincidence!

And oddly, he thinks that he still has power over a guy who's about to leave. and that berating you will convince you to stay longer, rather than shorter.

What a maroon.

That said, trying to get you blacklisted could be illegal, and would likely open him to civil action even if it's not. You might take his threats to HR; they tend to be very interested in covering the company's ass in situations like this.

I'd leave immediately, rather than serving out your notice. 
Getting away with this kind of behavior requires you follow these rules:

1. Be a dog
2. Don't be not-a-dog
FORTRAN is still in active use among engineers. Last year, the company I was working for released a new API for reading and writing files in its proprietary format. The library was provided in C and FORTRAN flavors.
This doesn't work. If you move your leg just slightly wrong, or even look at it askance, it will cramp up again.

The real answer is to let it cramp. Eventually the cramp will run its course, and release. Your leg won't re-cramp after that.

The real real answer is to take some potassium and magnesium supplements, or eat a damn banana.
The term "vernepator cur" (also used for this dog) would make a great name for a progressive rock band.
Not only was it a sit-down restaurant, some of them served beer!
Our 2015 Dodge Durango has the backup camera and touch-screen entertainment system. We started getting nags to add the navigation system last year, two years after we bought the vehicle. They wanted like $750 for it. Software-only upgrade; the vehicle already has a GPS receiver (and a cellular modem; the last software update was delivered over the air). In fact I am pretty sure the last update also included the nav software; it's just not unlocked yet. I am supposed to pay hundreds of dollars more for something that's actually already installed in my vehicle...

If I was regularly using the vehicle in places with spotty mobile service, I might see some value. Otherwise, free is way better. If they'd just add Android Auto support to Uconnect, or even Google Now support (it already supports Siri) I'd be thrilled.
Bug bash on everything except the new features. Find some other stuff to fix, and fix it.
It's possible that someone has created an account but doesn't know what their own e-mail address is. I get a couple such things a month.
Nice, but thank Christ for `animation=false`.
*You can wipe off that grin, I know where you've been  
It's all been a pack of lions*

**drumming intensifies**
"written"
Here is an authentic IRISH joke told to me in IRELAND by an IRISHMAN. (Wait, is “Irishman” still the preferred nomenclature? Ah, well…)

Q: What did St. Patrick say when he drove the snakes out of Ireland?

A: “Ye doin’ all right back there, lads?”

Works best if you look over your left shoulder, as you would to look into the back seat of a right-hand-drive car, as you say the punchline.
Let the puppers hit the floor
You can't spell /r/involuntarymanslaughterbywords without man's laughter
She must be on hella birth control.
help computer.
I'll allow it. It is presumably quoting someone who liked the soup (probably the owner), not being used for emphasis.
Board ends up exactly where it would have gone anyway, he needn't even have bothered.
Vespa scooters.
France: definitely a winery.
After seeing "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" I became convinced that every woman who works at IKEA is secretly named Lisbeth.
We have a dog who, when she was young, moved my socks around so often, we referred to her as the Federal Sock Relocation Program. A puppy of hers from her most recent litter has inherited this tendency, except she drags around rugs and sheets, not just socks.
Some of them could be used by a wide range of monsters. Like any monster of the right size could sit comfortably in Sully's chair, whether they had a tail or not, but a monster with a tail would definitely need the hole. So chairs with tail-holes are probably fairly popular in Monstropolis (what if you have a guest over with a tail?) even among monsters who are tailless. 
> I thought, $10/month is more than I was ever spending on albums. Am I an outlier?

That's less than one CD a month. In my twenties, I regularly bought a couple CDs *a week* on average (though I sometimes went on a spree and then didn't buy anything for a while). So the record companies are making a lot less on me now than they used to.

I am sure there are plenty of people who never spent even $10 a month on music, who now are. The price is low enough, and you get unlimited access to a huge catalog. But I doubt that entirely would make up for the serious music fans who are now paying a tenth of what they used to pay, or less. For every guy like me, there would have to be ten filthy casuals.

That's why they came up with Tidal... they want to make the people who used to buy several CDs a month, the most lucrative customers, pay more for their subscription service. These people are more likely to care about lossless streaming.
Yes, I've long said I would sacrifice every hair on my body if it meant I'd never have to shave again.
How Can Our Eyes Be Real With Ears Like That?
And who will pay for the robots?  :-D
The entire industry relies on creating the illusion that meat comes in clean white Styrofoam trays wrapped in clean plastic film. The public is actively discouraged from thinking about where the meat actually comes from, and most people are absolutely fine with that. They don't really want to know.

I'm all for humane treatment of livestock, but on the other hand: we're going to kill them and rend their flesh from their bones. How much does treating them better while they're alive make up for their eventual fate?
Yeah, I think it's easy to see how the accident happened. She does that for years and never has a problem, and comes to assume that it's perfectly safe. Doesn't mean it *is* perfectly safe, just that she's been lucky, which she discovers rather abruptly and harshly—abruptly and harshly being key characteristics of the way life usually teaches lessons. 

Her age might have been a contributing factor; lots of people don't notice, or outright deny, their deteriorating dexterity.
The thing that kills me about all these people who are anti-immigration is they're shooting themselves in the foot. The U.S. birth rate fell to below parity in the 1970s, and is currently about 1.85. If not for immigration, US population would be declining right now. Who do you think is eventually going to be paying for your Social Security? That's right, in large part, immigrants and their children.
It was an 79-year-old woman, [actually](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liebeck_v._McDonald%27s_Restaurants). She received third-degree burns, was in the hospital for eight days, and required skin grafts. She first asked McDonald's to cover her actual medical bills, but they refused to give her more than $800, so she sued. McDonald's also refused to settle for several other (higher) amounts before the suit went to court. In the end, she was awarded nearly $3 million by a jury, but ended up receiving only about $640,000.

This was in 1994, so I'm sure the woman is deceased by now. She'd be in her 100s.

McDonald's still serves their coffee at the same temperature, as do many other restaurants.
Not even a king, a king single.
Check with an agency such as Aquent. I'm currently on a remote contract at Microsoft through an agency. I've been working at home for seven months now; I've been on campus like five times in that time. My colleagues are also remote, and one lives a couple of hours away. The agency provides you with equipment.
Think you answered your own question there. He's simply not enough of an asshole.
They left out a word. It should say "them there arguments."
I can't imagine they launched it with the battery pack in it. First, weight. Second, money. Third, safety.

I would also imagine they pulled out a lot of the drivetrain and other non-visible components for two of the three same reasons.
*Dr. Evil voice:* Here we have constructed a slender skyscraper striving to pierce the firmament. I shall call it a "Space Needle." *(finger quotes)*
My understanding is that a copy of Asimov's "Foundation" series is also on board.

My hope is that when aliens find this someday, they'll know we were a cool and hoopy bunch of froods.
It's secure enough, especially if it's assigned at random and has no meaning to you; nobody's going to try to port a number thousands of times. Or even more than a handful of times. Each attempt could take at least a couple of hours.
Be sure to look up video of Tyler Lockett's kickoff and punt returns for TDs. He made one of 103 yards in his first game as a Seahawk (preseason, vs. Broncos) plus a punt return of 57 yards in his first regular-season game (vs. Green Bay), and another 100+ yard kickcoff return two weeks later against the Bears. That will tell you what you need to know about Lockett.
On a similar theme, my first instinct was Magnum P.U.
I vote for "Don't Kill the Whale"... dig it.
No, but they won't be downloaded with +x.
One could put something like this together using AutoHotKey, I think.
Huh. TIL
Amazon for shoes is Amazon, actually. Zappos is owned by Amazon, but is run with a totally different philosophy. Zappos prides itself on providing excellent customer service; Amazon prides itself on the fact that you probably won't need any.
a CoC is exactly what a lesbian github wouldn't have
And without Woz, Jobs would have ended up in some line of business other than personal computers. Probably ripping it up, but Apple as we know it would not exist.
Magisk can do this because it has root (hell, it *is* root). It would be really suspicious if a media player app asked fro root.
Doesn't transporting stolen goods out of state make it a Federal crime? Not that the FBI would take it, of course.
Some services can't send SMS to a Google Voice number. More work with Google Voice than work with "free" lines you get with apps like Talkatone or Burner, but some still don't.

My current setup uses an old Android phone with prepaid service on it. Costs as little as $3/month using T-Mobile prepaid. You get only 30 texts a month on that plan, with additional ones 10 cents, but if that's not enough, there are MVNOs (e.g. SpeedTalk) that offer plans with unlimited text for $5. These are true mobile phone numbers, so they can receive all texts.

The phone has Tasker on it, and is set up to automatically forward text messages it receives to my Google Voice number. (Using an app called Touchless Chat, the relaying of the message can be done through Google Voice, so as not to use your mobile text quota twice for each message.)

For extra paranoia, you can have Tasker automatically notify you if the relay phone is moved from your house, have it only forward the message if it can't see your main phone (so when you're at home, you have to look at the relay phone for the code), and so on. Naturally, use a Google Voice number that's not tied to your main e-mail account, secure that account with cryptographic 2FA, and don't put that Google account on any of your mobile devices.

The number itself is fairly secure; with prepaid accounts, you need a PIN to port out. It's not tied to your SSN, since they don't have it, so can't be easily guessed.

Of course physical access to the SIM or phone is also a vulnerability. You can protect the SIM itself with a PIN, though, and have Tasker turn the phone off when it leaves your house, forcing PIN entry.
You don't need glasses to look back, because hindsight is 20/20
The S&P 500 consists of huge multinational corps whose growth now mostly comes from outside the US. They are as assiduous as any fund manager would be in following opportunity around the world. I mean, a world fund wouldn't hurt, but you do have substantial international exposure from the S&P. I'd look to diversify my asset types first with corporate bonds, municipals, REITs, maybe a bit of commodity and precious metal.
execute a TRIM command on the flash memory. this tells the flash controller which blocks are really not being used, which allows those blocks to be definitively placed back in the free list. there are utilities that can do this but they need root. Depending on the flash controller, it can really speed up flash access, which can reduce stutter and lag.
You can set them to the same number if you want.

Edit: Actually, I finally got around to setting this up on my account today, and there's just one PIN, it's just an extra step to make it apply to porting out. They also require the PIN to be at least six digits.
The PIN is to verify your information to manage your account over the phone. The new thing is something additional you need to provide to port out a number.
No, for the phone. Prepaid service is $3-$5 a month for a limited number of text messages and voice minutes, depending on carrier.

Oddly enough, prepaid numbers are more secure because the carrier doesn't have your SSN. Each line has a PIN on it that you need to know to port it out.
Might need to trim the flash memory, which would imply root.

But yeah. I just replaced the battery in my 18-month-old HTC 10 and plan to use it a while longer. Unfortunately the shop who did it messed it up (there is now a dead spot on the touch screen) and is currently repairing that...
I guess I just don't know enough about Slavs. Always thought of them as more Eastern European than Asian.
Yeah, good point.

I have to say a lot of science fiction is sadly uninventive with regard to what other worlds would be like, even (especially) human-inhabited ones.
Interstellar travel is done by transmitting your "stack" to a sleeve on some other planet. This necessitates the destruction of your "stack" on your source planet and a resurrection using a copy at your destination. Logically, this is even worse than being resleeved after your death (which they are shown to be against) because it also requires suicide, a mortal sin, besides the resurrection.

It's basically the same as the debate over teleportation on *Star Trek.*
My thinking was "I feel X is a problem" (yes, active voice) morphed to "X is considered a problem (by whoever)" and then to just "X is (considered) problematic," going through a kind of passive "phase" on the way to its current state. Of course I guess they could have just adjectivized the verb "problem" and got rid of the "I feel" more directly. But the demoting of the actual subject made possible by the passive voice seems of a piece with the overall rhetorical effect of the phrase to me.

Readers do seem to generally prefer the active voice, and the passive voice sometimes uses an extra word or two, contributing to the typical wordiness of new writers. A good writing course would give writers practice in using both voices and understanding their effects. I think you've put your finger on it with Strunk and White. at least in the US.
Difference between a specific person in one case, and a placeholder referring to some yet-to-be-determined person in the other. The statement is really about whether the concept of maleness is inherent to the character of James Bond

On the gripping hand, James Bond is a fictional character, so arguing about whether he needs certain genitals is pointless.
Hm, maybe I've not spent enough time in those sorts of places to recognize the color of sound. :-)
Passive voice certainly has its place. Beginners are discouraged from using it not because it's inherently bad, but because it's easy to slip into without thinking about it.

You're right that "X is problematic" is not technically passive any more than is "the sky is blue." But it has that feel to it, if you consider how it might have evolved from a statement like "I feel X is a problem." Maybe I should change my original post to say "passive-vocie-ish."
To treat objects like women, man, `#include treehorn.h`.
I've only seen the show. I mean, probably he doesn't *literally* think he's Asian on the inside, that was a bit of rhetorical exaggeration, but he does think he's the Protector of Kun Lun, which is a very Tibetan thing to be. And he's bad at it, while thinking that he's awesome. It's a deliberate inversion of the white savior trope.
His father is actually described in the show as Slavic, IIRC, and the surname was borrowed into Hungarian from Slavic languages. In the books I seem to remember it's not as nailed down. But good point.
To be honest, on a certain level it's actually what they should be doing. The English class I took in way back in high school advised writers never to say "I think" or "I believe." Because obviously the reader knows your essay is an opinion piece, and given that, who else's opinions would you be presenting but your own? When you write "I think," you are really saying, "What I think isn't really very important, but anyway, what I think is..." By avoiding drawing the reader's attention to the fact that they're reading opinion, you give your writing more rhetorical force.

Of course, that works best when your opinions will be taken by the average reader as reasonable. Then they'll spot you your premises to see where you go with them, and you'll have a chance to persuade them. When you go to great lengths to hide the fact that your premises are debatable, though, you lose before you begin.

Unfortunately, we don't teach writing (or reading) very well. Most people are unacquainted with logical fallacies or rhetorical tactics, and write poorly-argued essays (for a good blog post is, in fact, an essay) that can only convince audiences unfamiliar with how to read critically. Unfortunately, that is most audiences. So it goes...
Yeah, that's true. She was also Catholic, which implies a degree of traditionalism and also isolation from mainstream society (Catholics can't do interstellar travel because of their religious beliefs). Possibly she was written like that to illustrate that even with all the changes society has undergone, some people still prefer the old ways. I did like the Day of the Dead subplot, which wouldn't have been possible if she didn't follow tradition, and the idea that religion would still serve a purpose.in some people's lives.
Yeah, the Westworld comparison is not out of place. There's a particular scene I'm thinking of which involves an extremely hot actress, who is not just nude but *a lot* nude, and it is scary as hell rather than sexy. (Maybe for some people it'd be both, I guess.)
True that! I would argue that she was closer to being Minbari than being French, though.
Yeah, a Whirlpool washer we had need two warranty repairs in its first year—hell, its first six months—and would occasionally lose its little electronic mind for the rest of the time we had it. We actually called this out and explained the workaround in the notes we left when we sold that house. The Kitchenaid fridge (made by Whirlpool) periodically made quite a loud noise when the compressor needed to run full power (which it normally did not). It was running correctly; it was just loud by design. (Dishwasher and stove came with the house and were Frigidaire. No problems with either.)

We bought LG appliances in the new house, aside from the dishwasher, which is a Kenmore made by Whirlpool. Guess which appliance doesn't get the dishes all the way clean unless you run the lengthy and energy-wasting Pots and Pans cycle for every load.
I have to say that a lot of the nudity in Altered Carbon struck me as not only not titillating, but actively anti-titillating.
"X is problematic" is a passive-voice way to make "I have a problem with X" sound like it's inherent to X, and therefore universal and undeniable, rather than being the speaker's opinion or experience, and therefore subject to debate. You're supposed to not notice that the question "who defined it as problematic?" is not even addressed.

I understand the impulse, since a lot of times when minorities share their experiences, they get argued with by majorities.

But I've learned a lot by listening to people describe how their experiences have shaped their viewpoints. When people start a discussion by expecting their opinions to be taken as objective fact, they're denying themselves an opportunity to use empathy as a persuasive tool.
Kinda like Mira Furlan's turn as Crazy French Lady on *Lost.* She's Croatian.
Changing the character, rather than creating a new one, does give the opportunity to revisit some of the old tropes and see how they play out given the change. This can be interesting.

On the flip side, just saying "a female James Bond" implicitly acknowledges that James Bond is male and that a female version of him isn't James Bond, so why bother? So I definitely also agree with your point.

So... *¿por que no los dos?* A female double-oh agent would have had similarities in backstory to Bond, allowing exploration of some tropes anew, while *also* being different enough to tread new narrative ground.
The whole point of *Iron Fist* is pretty much that he (wrongly) thinks he's an Asian in a white man's body. And is therefore served his own ass pretty hard repeatedly. It's hilarious.
4) The character isn't even Asian: he's half Japanese and half Slavic (hence the last name). What is it called when you suggest casting a biracial character so as to eliminate half of his ethnicity?

... that said, they made lots of changes from the book, so there was not really any reason to keep Kovacs' sleeve's ethnicity white. It could have been anything. There is little to no exploration of the impact of the character's Japanese or Slavic ancestry, and the character grew up on another world in the far future anyway, so his "actual" culture probably wasn't something we'd even recognize. In fact, I am not sure whether 300+ years from now, there will even be races as we understand them. Far more likely that the colonists of a particular planet would develop a "look" over the centuries.

The show did do a lot around class divisions, which are arguably more important.
Upon investigation, it looks like I'm wrong and the things that need the accessibility service are far fewer than they used to be; Tasker will use newer methods for things like app context and notification manipulation, if you're running on an OS that supports them. The only thing I found in the Tasker documentation that *for sure* needs the accessibility service is the `%WIN` (window title) variable. So, I don't think you're actually missing much!
Given the apparent enthusiasm for *Black Panther* among black Americans, Disney stands to make back the film's budget *from black audiences alone.* 

And of course, it won't be just blacks seeing the film. My wife and I are not merely white, but *very* white. We're looking forward to this film at least as much as we did *Thor: Ragnarok,* and we saw that movie *twice* in theaters.

Being an amoral corporation, Disney doesn't really care what a handful of racists think, or what the film's Rotten Tomatoes score is, as long as it turns a profit. And most it certainly will.

TL;DR nobody is going to be stopped from seeing *Black Panther.*
Yes, for stuff you can get at Best Buy, I like Klipsch a lot.
Some important Tasker features won't work without the accessibility service. But if you're not using those right now, I guess that's no problem.
But they'll let me buy dinner with it, and that is guaranteed to be worthless in 24 hours.
[Email and bacon](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--2Eu1XH-q--/c_scale,f_auto,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/18n8gw7jw8hcljpg.jpg)
Buy [Avanti Feeds](http://www.livemint.com/Money/vWJEJPyxH5Un0CZf7XGCFM/Avanti-Feeds-shares-jump-over-7000-in-five-years.html)
I could understand the "whitewashing" criticism if you'd only watched the first couple of episodes, which coincidentally is what critics are provided with when reviewing a new show. Over the season, though, Will Yun Lee, the guy who played Kovacs' original half-Japanese body, is in it nearly as much as Joel Kinnaman is. Some episodes, I'm pretty sure he's in it *more* than Kinnaman!

I also appreciated how they pronounced "Kovacs" the Slavic way.
They accidentally a whole book.
Yes, it does solve the issue. Source: I have tons of accessibility extensions enabled, still get prompted to enter my PIN to decrypt my device when starting up (even in recovery).
So turn the accessibility service on, then set your PIN again.
I've also seen some e-books with glitches like that after being converted from one format to another.
It's in the name: FORmula TRANslation. If you already have math, it's pretty straightforward to get the computer to do it using FORTRAN.
"You should just trust me," she said, after giving you reason to distrust her on three separate occasions. You can't will trust into existence, and you certainly can't will *someone else's* trust into existence. It's not your job to just magically trust her; it's her job to prove that she is trustworthy.

At *best* hers is a self-centered attitude. When there is a problem in a marriage, it is by definition both people's problem. She's entirely failing to recognize that she has a husband who is just as important to the relationship as she is. At worst, of course, she's hiding something. If not right at the moment, she doesn't want to be caught if she later does feel tempted. She's planning ahead to get away with it again.

You have two problems: first, you don't trust her, and second, she doesn't care about problem #1.

As the Magic 8 Ball once said about Microsoft Office, "Outlook not good."
Hey, hey mama said the way you move   
Gon' make you sweat, gon' make you groove

*bow bow bow bow bow BOW bow, bow bow bow bow bow bow*
Oh sure. My point was pretty much along those lines: they use the command line out of necessity, not out of preference. That is, despite their use of the command line, they are not UNIX jockeys.
If you search for "floating calculator" or "floating apps," you'll find several to try out. Also, you could use Popup Widget or similar utility to float a calculator widget (or any widget) on top of your apps.
How tall is that thing?
*Of course* it was Cabel Sasser who found that.
"It's partisan to investigate the Republicans just because they're the ones committing crimes!"
I spent nearly eight years as a technical writer at a company that makes software for aerospace engineers. I learned very early on that you can't assume actual rocket scientists are computer literate. Many work at the command line on Linux hosts, which might ordinarily indicate a high degree of competence... but they may only know the commands they need to do their work. Some write seriously complicated programs... in FORTRAN.

However, you can assume they are exceptionally math literate.
Add it as an exit task on the Bluetooth Near profile.
Turning off all the assorted clicks, squeaks, and beeps off is literally the first thing I do when I get a new phone. Forget annoying other people; those sounds annoy **me.** I don't understand how people even use a phone that sounds like a spastic R2-D2 on crack. People use their phones to distract them from real life, but then their phones distract them from actually using their phones.

Some of the events that these sounds are triggered by are idiotic, too. "Message sent." Like, how about when I send a message, I just assume you sent it, **because that's what I told you to do?** I don't need a "yes sir, right away sir" every time, in fact that would be annoying as hell. Tell me if you *can't* send it, sure, because I need to know that. But otherwise, I am happy to assume that the people who programmed my apps are not cotton-headed ninnymuggins and can get a simple string of characters from point A to point B.
I think that's one of the keys to the success of the MCU as well. They aren't afraid to change things from the comics when necessary, because of exactly what you mention.
Good to know; that makes DIGITS somewhat less of a security issue. Some organizations send SMSs using a full US number, though, or offer a voice verification option.
At this point I 'm beginning to suspect that Nimoy has transferred his *katra* to Quinto.
I look at this the same way I look at comic books. Each writer who handles a character has a different take (sometimes wildly so). But it's not really a different character, it's a different *side* of the character from the ones we've seen before. Thor is legendary; this is another of his legends. Which legends are true? All of them, and none of them, at the same time. It makes continuity a little more complicated, but that's never bothered anyone.
Which was itself influenced by comics, so we've gone full circle.
The art direction was clearly shared with *Guardians of the Galaxy.* *Thor: Ragnarok* serves as a bridge between the Earth-based Avengers and the rest of the universe portrayed in *Guardians.* Which allows the Guardians to then put in an appearance in *Infinity War,* as seen in its trailer.

What's remarkable about *Ragnarok* is that there was clearly a checklist of things that needed to be included to fulfill larger MCU mandates... and it was *still* entertaining as hell. Really, the MCU is the first time that anything nearly as complicated story-wise as a comic book universe has been successfully portrayed in film. The complexity is pared down compared to the source material, but there's still plenty of meat for fans of the comics to enjoy, while mainstream audiences are developing a taste for what makes comics lovers love comics so much.
You know the enzymatic cleaner tablets you use to remove protein deposits from contact lenses?

Papain.
Sick burn, dude
I definitely was not socialized well. My parents brought me up in the Church of Christ—the strict one, the one where even using musical instruments in worship was considered a sin, along with pretty much every other enjoyable activity. As a kid I definitely did not know what to do with other kids who lied about literally everything and cursed like sailors, and they didn't know what to do with a kid who froze up when invited to do something normal kids do all the time because he'd never been told it was OK (everything not explicitly approved is a sin).

My parents would later wonder, "You were so outgoing when you were young. What happened?" Well, what happened is that they sent me to school with absolutely no preparation for interacting with normal kids, having previously met only people from the church, each as fucked up as I was. I thought I was normal, but I wasn't. And the truly normal kids could smell the weird church on me and roundly rejected me, or outright attacked and buliled me. I learned to hang out on the edges of things but not participate, lest anyone notice me.

Today, I sometimes tell people I was "raised by wolves" rather than going into all that.

I had few friends and a developed lot of weird social behaviors. For example, I assumed that things that were funny on TV were funny in real life, and drove off a number of people with "humor" because they thought I was a dick. The fiew friends friends I did make sometimes told me me they initially thought I didn't like them because I cut off their overtures to friendship so harshly (which I didn't even realize at the time I was doing). In high school, the people I hung out with tended to be loners and weirdos, which didn't really help my social development, but rather reinforced my bad habits. Later, I commuted to college while living at home and so didn't get the college social experience.

At my first job out of college, I worked at a computer company with a bunch of nerds who recognized the symptoms and were, for the first time in my life, sympathetic. I didn't realize it at the time, but there was a concerted effort on the part of my manager and the president of the company (it was a small company) to give me some of the social experiences I hadn't had. The president of the company was uninhibited and impulsive, the polar opposite of my parents, so it was kind of shock therapy. But it helped. I also stopped going to church at this time, because I'd stopped believing years earlier. This also helped.

I also did a lot of reading on psychology and self-improvement and started to figure out that people's behavior did have a kind of logic to it, rather than being as inexplicable as it seemed. I also studied Buddhism a little bit. I never really considered calling myself a Buddhist, but a lot of the precepts were things I had long suspected or that I was already doing. I realized that some of my relationships were making me unhappy and ended them. I started to learn to be comfortable in my own skin and to stop caring so much what others thought of me. I saw a therapist briefly.

I got a lot of social practice online, on early bulletin boards, chat rooms, and online services (I was a huge GEnie user and at one point had a free account on that service). I got validation of my talents and interests and made friends who lasted beyond the demise of the BBS scene. All of my adult romantic experiences started online. 

Speaking of which, I've only had like four serious girlfriends in my life. I met the most recent one in my late 30s (I'm now almost 50). I married her, even with the specter of my father leaning over my shoulder expressing his disapproval. She's a former Hare Krishna and Straight Edge kid. We have a lot in common, such as not much experience drinking and parents who were strict in weird ways, which gave us similar outlooks, though we got to our similarity via totally different paths. She's my mirror self and fits me like no one else ever could.

In the end, I'm happy and content with my life. I took a circuitous route to where I am now, but I got here. I have a home and a family (it's made of dogs, not kids, but it suits us). 

The important things to remember are, first, you change and others change too. People tend to mellow as they age and learn. (Some don't, but these become fewer in number.) Not everyone is 100% a dick anymore. Second, work on yourself and learn to be content alone. This will not only make your life better, it will abate the feeling of desperation that drives people away from you.
In modern-day Montreal, *tabernac* is a pretty serious swear word. It seems ridiculous to most everyone else to swear by the tabernacle, let alone for it to be a really serious oath.
*Babylon 5* tried to do this. In the pilot and maybe a few of the first episodes, you can see signs reading e.g. SECURTY. They gave it up when they got letters about how their signs were misspelled.
For the lulz. They knew it was going to be ridiculous without the profanity, so they intentionally turned it up to 11.
Well, I guess there's a reason it's been on the back burner for about fifteen years... :-)
The whole test is to be made up of questions that are impossible to answer without knowing such background. The goal is to make you feel inadequate and frustrated.
One of the items in my "evil IQ test" (a back-burner project for which I've been collecting questions for years) is:

Complete the following sequence. 5, 4, 3, 2, __

The correct answer is L. The sequence is the buttons in an elevator. The floor below 2 is numbered L, for Lobby.
It was the same in Detroit when I lived there. What you had to do was pull up next to where you wanted to get in and kind of look like you wanted to move over. (I dunno, drive casual.) If they agree to your request, they will ease off and make a space just big enough for your vehicle.
The main one is to assume that everyone around you is going to do the stupidest possible thing at the worst possible time, and plan your next move accordingly. Having made an actual plan, even a tentative one, you are streets ahead of nearly all other drivers on the road, who merely react to events as they happen.

Always assume that there are at least two cars within collision distance of you that you can't see, even if you just checked a second ago.

Be as visible as possible and don't make sudden movements.
> They just don't see the point in a prosperous society. They just want to be personally prosperous.

"What's in the point in being rich if there are no poor people to do our bidding?"
Yeah, basically "reply"
Deadpool.
Yeah, it's a bit pompous to speak of yourself in the third person.
Well, Tatooine ain't exactly cosmopolitan.
Kept waiting for one or the other to put his staff between his legs and make lightning shoot out of his ass.
Smart. This way, you get a blue ribbon even if you don't win the beard contest.
whataboutism
You can't *generally* ship animals on Alaska for free. The "no cost to you" in the ad means that the participating humane societies are paying for it, or have arranged a special deal with Alaska. Source: my wife and I have shipped many dogs on Alaska.
Wow, wish my wife and I had known about this when we had our honeymoon in Hawaii several years ago. We are dog lovers, flew Alaska, and flew back to Seattle from Maui, and we totally would have done this.
Not Always recently unified their sites so you can read everything at once by clicking All!
I intentionally wrote that to be as (whatever the opposite of "erotic" is) as possible.
Wow, I never even thought of that. You're probably right.
More to the point, if you want kids, the plumbing still works. Even if the idea of sex doesn't get you going, a little rubbing of the apparatus will still produce an engorgement that can be used to father a child.
I just don't understand the metaphor you're using, I guess. In what way is this behavior like a ridge?
/r/TrumpNicknames

I'm fond of Tangerine Palpatine myself, but also enjoy the Fresh Prince of Bad Hair and Dolt 45.
Yep, a popup notification that says "your clock was way behind, don't worry I reset it from the Internet, but if this keeps happening you may need to replace the clock battery."

Beep occasionally.
Thankfully, no.
Ah, so you don't have a girlfriend.
But the entire situation presupposes you are sharing food. If she had her own pizza, why would you care whether she ate the last slice of it?
What is your justification for wanting more than your fair share?
If she eats more than half of the pizza. She could eat the last slice if you already finished your half.
Why would you draw an arrow pointing to a word that's not misspelled?
Try some Ken Nordine.
I never really considered performance to be Leonard Cohen's strong suit, anyway. Like Dylan, he's a poet who writes songs.
What exactly do you mean when you say Android scrolling has ridges?
Eh, I find it kind of interesting to see exactly what each deduction nets me. But that could be displayed another way.
Speaking as a 49-year-old, I think 49 is easily "I'm getting too old for this shit" territory.
Is it literally malware, or does it just spam you with ads?
Just because the tax rate is set at some percentage doesn't mean that the that if tax rates are lowered then the difference was "stolen." If tax rates are raised, does that mean the extra money was "stolen" from the rich? Tax rates are set so as to generate sufficient revenue and/or to incentivize/disincentive behaviors; there is no "right" tax rate.

Government has the authority to collect taxes, I'm not one of those ultra-libertarian "taken by force" wackos. And there's certainly a discussion to be had about the most effective corporate tax rate. In reality, adjusting the corporate tax rate mainly affects on whom the tax burden falls and when. If income isn't taxed at the corporate level, then it passes to the shareholders in the form of dividends and gains, which are taxed, or to employees in the form of income, which is taxed, or is reinvested for growth and hopefully that makes more to be taxed later at various levels. I think the bigger problem is the personal low capital gains tax rates, which should be progressive like the income tax.
The CIA is a Company, the NSA is an Agency.
No.
People actually need to be told that they can't know what refund they are getting until they have entered ALL their information into their tax software?
Also, the gazelle uses its nose to detect scents!
Some companies are offering special dividends or stock buybacks. Passing the windfall on to the owners at least makes sense; it's their money, after all.

Edit: If an executive gets a bonus from the tax break, it's probably because their contract specifies they get bonuses for reaching certain profit milestones. The fact that hitting the milestones is easier after the government reduces your costs significantly doesn't affect the contract. They are still owed those bonuses and it would be a breach of contract not to pay them, which would likely be even more expensive than paying them. If an executive is getting a special bonus just because of lower tax rates, without shareholder agreement, that is a lapse of fiduciary duty on the part of the Board of Directors (that money doesn't belong to them) and opens them up to a shareholder action.
/r/talesfromyourserver too
This kitten can't be named anything but Alita.
Seems like his thread has hit a deadlock.
It's a tall, narrow glass intended for drinking champagne. There are differently-shaped glasses for various varieties of wines (and, for that matter, different kinds of other beverages, such as beer or spirits). These different shapes (supposedly) accentuate their scents and flavors in specific ways tailored to the type of beverage.

You're one of today's [lucky 10,000](https://xkcd.com/1053/)!
Wow, that dude is a dick; why isn't he helping Sinclair?
At that price, you don't really care if one gets dropped!
Yeah, there's a time and a place. If I were writing an OS or even a big application, I'd want compile-time type checking.

You can go somewhat bigger than you might expect with Python, because it has a very clear syntax and it's harder to get confused than in a lot of other dynamic languages. Also, if you design your architecture well, it's generally pretty obvious what type of thing you should be dealing with at any point in the program. Still, there's a reason they added type annotations to to the language.
Well, the next step is to gradually start taking on more tasks and responsibilities. But not too quickly. If you perform miracles on a regular basis, your job title becomes "performer of miracles" and you will be expected to perform them on demand (probably at no increase in pay). You could also use the time for improving other skills you might need in the job.
My wife once had a job where her main responsibility was assembling a particular monthly report. It took her predecessor most of the month to put it together. Using her Excel skillz, she brought it down to about half a day (and it was more accurate, to boot). She didn't tell anyone this; she just started delivering the report a week earlier and accepting the praise.
Hnnnng.
Their kitchen section is on point. Champagne flutes and wine glasses are nice.
They have numerous lines that are solid wood. I still have some LEKSVIK bookcases ($99) that I bought more than fifteen years ago. You never want particle board for bookcases because the shelves will sag. The solid wood ones don't. I bought three of them for what it would have cost for one decent (not really nice) bookcase from another furniture store.

In my experience, the weakness of IKEA furniture is the fasteners. You can move a piece only once or twice before it starts getting loose. This is easily remedied by judicious use of wood glue and/or additional screws when assembling it.
Inb4 the inevitable pictorial assembly instructions for KÖFFIN.

I can turn my head and see no fewer than six pieces of IKEA furniture just in the room I'm in. There are at least that many more in the rest of the house, plus one of their shelving systems in our dog room closet and a fair-sized collection of their kitchen gear. I'm not a new grad just starting out, either. They have a range of stuff from ultra-cheap to pretty nice but good value. Putting your own labor into it gives you a sense of pride and ownership.

Rest ~~in pieces~~ in peace IK, may you be fully assembled at last in eternity.
A lot of programmers don't appreciate its lack of strict type checking, but that applies to lots of other languages as well (which said people also hate).

Of course, if they prefer Java or C# or C++, you can just snort and say "Haskell."  :-)
If it's based out of your hometown, what town is it based in?
Kroger Private Selection pasta sauces are great.
Nice buns.
TIL camphor is a tree.
If they were deliberately targeting poor people specifically, this analogy might be valid. I'm sure a lot of their low-balance accounts do belong to poor people, but their motivation is to get rid of unprofitable customers, not to abuse poor people.
There is no benefit. That's the joke. Well, that and the absurdity of two people shopping for a car while pretending to be one using a ridiculous costume.
I'm curious, then: what do you think you're deleting when you do that?
Great, got it. Thanks!
I would love a code, please.

Does it offer HTML and Markdown links, or just BBCode?
I'm sure they removed "backspace to go back" because it is a **stupid idea that never should have been implemented in the first place,** let alone be copied from one browser to the next. You don't need user feedback to know that. Glad they finally came to their senses.
*All* Bank of America customers face that fee if they don't carry enough of a balance, have enough direct deposit, etc. They don't check your income.

I have plenty of income, it just gets direct deposited into another bank account, because the other bank is awesome. I had the BofA account mainly to redeem my credit card rewards into. You get a bonus redeeming rewards into a BofA account, but not enough to be worth paying $12/mo for the account.

So my account was actually costing them money... I'm exactly who they want to get rid of. Oh well, it was fun while it lasted.
Yes, I know one or two women who have awful periods and they take birth control continuously to avoid them.
In Death as In Life,

Trump Lies Here
> Montana and Texas

Wyoming too.

The Catheter Cowboy from John Oliver's Fox News commercials needs to do this.


There were actually four color seasons of the Reeves Superman show.
And the reason it's a bad thing is that it lets someone who isn't you take over your phone number, which may give them access to your email, bank accounts, PayPal, etc. if you use your number for password recovery for those accounts. (Or even just two-factor authentication if they already got your password in some other way.) Besides the obvious inconvenience of losing a number you've had for a long time.
That's called a vocoder. *Animals* was an early use of the instrument. But Alan Parsons used it on his Poe album the preceding year.
This article from nearly a year earlier notes that Firefox is not susceptible to this, because it does not autofill form fields that the user couldn't type in themselves.

https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/browser-bug-can-fill-in-personal-information-in-hidden-fields/
1. Autofill and password manager are actually two separate features. I think Firefox did used to fill in passwords automatically, but it doesn't any longer. (If the username's filled in, it's probably because the site saved it using a cookie.)

2. Firefox *does not* fill in invisible form fields, so you can always see exactly what is getting submitted.
No, you don't really get to opt out of paying. Either you pay for undoing people's fucked-up life choices, or you pay for the lifelong results of their fucked-up life choices. Most of which will also come out of your taxes, by the way. But that's OK because we're being "tough on crime" (that we maybe could have prevented long ago at much lower cost).

But at least you get to absolve yourself of responsibility by saying "that's just how things are." The world is just marginally shittier than it might be if we'd made different choices in the past. A tiny bit more poverty, a little more crime, a few extra people in prison. I mean, I'm sure this isn't *technically* the best of all possible worlds, but it's got to be pretty close, right? *Prove* that this hypothetical "better world" would really be better.

Year after year after decade it goes on, the thin veneer of shit accumulating slowly enough that you don't really notice. Then one day you wake up and realize that, "for some reason," the United States incarcerates its citizens at a rate seven times greater than the average European country. Wow! That doesn't seem *anywhere near* the best of all possible worlds!

I wonder if it might be because we're doing things like sentencing repentant criminals to a life of poverty, with all that that implies, because they once got a tattoo that they now regret. (Among other stupid policies, such as racist policing and drug prohibition.)

tl;dr Choosing to pay more to live in a shittier civilization sounds to me like just about as bad a decision as getting a gang tattoo.
Autofill doesn't kick in until you start typing in a field that can be autofilled. Then it offers to fill out that field and the rest of the form, using a profile you choose. There is no scenario in which hidden form fields are filled.
Or Lovecraft
Really? That's good news.
> unthawed 

So, frozen?
"More Blade Runner *than* Blade Runner" is our motto.
That kid has upper management written all over him.
I don't think Samsung Pay can be fixed even by factory reset. Once you've tripped Knox, it's tripped for good.
Once a man gets to a certain age he can pull off a winking, self-aware persona that works well in ads, without seeming entirely like a sellout. William Shatner pioneered this tactic; Baldwin is merely following in his footsteps.
What's interesting is that the Selectric ball is basically a 3D daisy wheel, and is vastly more complicated, but it was invented before the daisy wheel. It's kind of amazing that it works at all, considering it's entirely mechanical.
> If you make a poor choice, sometimes the consequences are you have to pay money to unfuck yourself. 

Yeah, I'm sure that someone who *can't get work* because of their tattoos will get right on that.

Sometimes, you have to put the moral judgment aside and realize that paying for someone's tattoo removal will enable him to become a productive member of society, and will thereby pay for itself many times over.

Or you could do it because, you know, compassion.
Even 70% tells the world that you have renounced what the tattoo stands for and gone to the effort to have it removed as much as you can.
I wonder how many of those regretted tattoos say "no regrets"
206 is Seattle; you see a noticeable bump there.
> 187 is penal code for "murder" (sometimes referenced in lyrics, a la Sublime)

Canonical reference is probably Dr. Dre feat. Snoop Dogg "Deep Cover"

"Cause it's 187 on a undercover cop"
Heh.

It's even more fun over on Stack Overflow, where anyone with enough reputation can see deleted answers, but people who don't have the rep rarely realize that.
Also, if you have Bank of America credit cards, and have autopay set up for them, and you close your BofA checking account, make sure your autopay doesn't get canceled (even if you don't pay the cards from the BofA checking). Mine did.
If only there were some nearby lockable steel enclosure that that guy could have stayed in to protect himself from the angry truck drivers...
Cthulhu fhtagn
"How can something that big even fly?"
And some say the window is still open to this day.
YOU STAY, I GO. NO SLAYERING.
Sounds like a [Mattress Event Horizon](http://hitchhikers.wikia.com/wiki/Shoe_Event_Horizon)
> Other than that, it’s quiet.

Reminds me of the joke: "Other than that, how was the play, Mrs. Lincoln?"
The power outlets are way heavier because of all the wiring that's needed, and the fact that not every passenger will bring a power tank.

Seatback entertainment systems often include a USB port, which can be used to extend your device's charge. It's usually not fast charge (just a standard port), but it helps.
Wish I had a photo of it, but I once saw a sign that read:

    PAPA JOHN'S    ZA

Similar situation.
They used that as an advertising slogan, but it's not the source of the name.
Well, as long as the US isn't *alone* in going to hell in a handbasket, everything is *fine.*
/r/thingsforants
Now you have two problems.
Of diabetes, maybe.
WELL THEN STOP CLAPPING, YA POOF
Sherwood was also in band called World Trade which was extremely '80s Yes-influenced (and Squire even performed on their second album).
THANK GOD there is some stupidity going on in other countries.
I know this is /r/apple, but Google Play Music has the same problem. I hate going into New Releases and seeing a new release by an artist I like, but no, it's just a single. In fact it seems like New Releases is *mostly* singles because it is way easier to put out a single than an entire album.
And a blue light that just won't stop flashing.
This makes me look forward to Mel Brooks's spoof of Villeneuve's *Dune.*
Parts of Ohio are essentially Kentucky or West Virginia culturally due to people migrating for work in the early to mid 20th century. This trend goes as far north as Columbus. Grove City, a southwestern suburb of Columbus, has a well-earned nickname of Grovetucky, for example. (I grew up there and am connected on Facebook to a fair number of my high school classmates.)

Sure, Ohio was on the Union side in the Civil War, but that doesn't matter to Ohioans who fly the Rebel flag. They aren't making a historical error; they're making Ohio *more South.*
I bought a 2003 Hyundai Elantra GT as my very first new car. It was a good little car. Paid it off in just over a year and drove it payment-free for more than a decade. Traded it in only in 2016. Got so much more for the price than I would have from Toyota or Honda, including the four-wheel disc brakes you mention. Never had serious mechanical trouble with it (did have some minor electrical issues, such as the electric side mirrors working intermittently when it was raining).
XP had its detractors at introduction, too. "Looks like a children's toy" was how the UI was described. "Wastes too much time drawing trendy 3D-looking UI elements, but offers acceptable performance if you turn that off and pretend it's just a newer Win2K." Needed a couple of service packs (like any Windows OS) before people really started to approve of it.
Actually, I've had plenty of people ask me if they should order their new Dell with Windows 7 or Windows 10 (back when that was an option).
[Church of the Stygian Heart](https://www.facebook.com/stygianseattle/), whoever they are.

They also have an event called "Replace Seattle Traffic Lights with the Seahawks Offensive Line" which they explain thus: "We’re tired of things slowing down the commute. It’s time to replace traffic lights with something that can’t stop anyone."
huhuh, huhuh, huhuhuhuh.
tripod
Chevy Chase says he's still dead.
While Cruise has been in a lot of movies, I wouldn't describe any role of his in particular as common.
Ah, they mentioned "Vadering" twice and I missed one.  :-)
That's a cartoon weight.
Mike Huckabee's kids are not small animals... anymore.
The thong had a gold fringe and the whole affair was under admiralty law!
Good question. I only ever saw it on trucks, but I always mentally pronounced it ex-PED-ex, like FED-ex. Yours is a promising attempt, though, and I bet it's closer to what they intended.
10-12 years is *great* for a dog as big as a Great Dane. Those are some breeders!
The Century Fox

(rumored to be the inspiration for the name of the *Millennium Falcon* since *Star Wars* was released by 20th Century Fox)
There's no black magic about it. As long as you put it on straight, and the box is rectangular, the lines on the wrapping paper will always match up like that when you fold the bottom/top.
Lando follows fashion trends and so he'd have a different style in a year anyway. Han finds a look that works and sticks with it, and eventually it comes back around to being fashionable. Or he becomes a hero and *makes* it fashionable.
/r/shittymedicaladvice
I too got an order of bad Mexi-Fries. They gave me tater tots for some reason.
Why not link directly to the section?

http://django-filter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/migration.html#enabling-warnings
My favorite are the ones often found near automatic caution doors that say "actuate switch to operate." Which isn't DDOI, but still, it basically says "turn it on to turn it on" (or, more charitably, "push the button to make it work") using fancy synonyms.
This is a really cute idea for an icon pack, and well-executed to boot. Now i just need to find a good wallpaper of a sofa...
I'm not too worried about that; they have my home number. But you could set up the phone to forward calls to your Google Voice number, too. At least that way you would get voicemail (at a minimum).
You're not making a Slayer show into fine dining, you're making fine dining MORE METAL.
You space bastard, you killed a pine!
My solution to that is to get a free SIM from FreedomPop and put it in one of my old phones. Use that number for 2-factor authentication. That phone is plugged in all the time and has a Tasker profile on it that forwards text messages to my Google Voice number.
I heard something about how he did some kind of orchestral synthesizer recording where he set up speakers in a concert hall, arranged like an orchestra, one speaker per seat, and ran a separate synth part through each speaker.

The cool sequencer stuff always reminded me of Tangerine Dream.
> If the feelings aren’t reciprocated to same level, the other person is more likely to be the one to breakup with you.

"Oh shit, she knit me a *sweater.* I like her, but I don't *sweater* like her."
I happened to have received a set of AudioTechnica bluetooth headphones for Christmas (ATH-SR5BT) which I have quickly fallen in love with, so the headphone jack is basically not a big deal for me anymore.

I'm currently running Ressurection Remix (Nougat) on my 10 and have the hacked Pixel camera app. Have you tried this app on the Razer?
That is indeed relevant to my interests!
Because watching a video is so slow and boring compared to reading, you itch to read when you have to stop reading to watch a video.
How do you like the Razer? It is on my shortlist for my next phone. Particularly battery life.
I am pretty sure they do. In most mapping apps, maps are divided into "tiles" which are square sections of the map. When you download an offline map, then, the offline map is two parts: a list of the tiles needed, and the tiles themselves. The lists of tiles could easily have overlaps, so I'm sure the tiles are stored separately from the lists, and each tile is only stored once. That's the way I'd program it, anyway, and Google is smarter than I am.
1. Java
2. jaav
3. dolan
"The toilets are just regular porcelain!"
Oh dear God, I thought that said it isn't his "final *term"* and about had a heart attack.
> I feel like she’s still my mother and I have to love her and I’m scared to think about leaving that dutiful sense of “she deserves affection and gratefulness” behind.

And who made you feel like that?

She did.

Why do you think that might be? :-)
nominal prejudice, maybe
If it was solid, definitely. If it was hollow, it'd depend on how thick, but gold is pretty soft, so it might need to be fairly thick to withstand the pressures of playing. The neck might need to be entirely solid.
"Please, tell me more about my motivations. I can't *wait* to hear why I do what I do."
I am pretty sure that a golden fiddle would actually sound like crap.
I think both parties need to make this part of the nomination process.
Law needs to be passed establishing that if a cop turns off his body camera, he will be assumed to be at fault for any alleged misconduct and the investigation will require him to prove his innocence.
I was gonna say something about the shark being unable to survive in fresh water, but turns out the bull shark is one that can.

This guy fishs.
Waitress mom to wayward daughter: "Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my ~~brethren~~ sistren, ye have done it unto me."
Of course, of course

>Lol. You think Google and Apple would side with you vs. the government? 

Apple already has. But I'd still rather use Android. I can get custom ROMs and be reasonably sure I'm not sending my personal information to criminals somewhere.
Dear fluffy boye,

[This is your ancestor](http://www.trbimg.com/img-5a04eaf4/turbine/ct-wisconsin-wolf-management-20171109). What happened?
Thought that said *paramilitary.* Like, whoa.
And that Flying Monkey = people who do the bidding of the evil person (some unintentionally, some intentionally)
They have Terry Pratchett novels, but with all the humour removed.
or Norse
> We desperately need a person with lots of experience specifically in politics and policy to properly rebuild our damaged institutions. 

Sounds like Al Gore to me, frankly. Remember when people wouldn't vote for him because he was "too wooden"?
*Bad Monkeys* by Matt Ruff.
It's like the guy who had the job cleaning the elephant pen at the circus. Someone suggested that he should find literally any other job, and he responded, "what, and give up show business?"
Why is there blood in my milk?
The people who complain that they took out all the humor have a point, but it's hard to make a sight gag out of "the ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't."
*Take new journals but keep the old  
One is silver, the other gold*

So I guess you're meant to keep them.
It's still partisan, just "somewhat less." The fact that justices even consider factors other than "left vs. right" is the very definition of "less partisan."
You are technically correct, which I will grudgingly admit is the best kind of correct.

My point was that the Supreme Court is somewhat less partisan than its makeup would seem. They're not beholden to those who appointed them, so you can't say the GOP holds the Supreme Court in the same way they hold Congress or the Presidency.
Yes, I'm very much hoping that the GOP loses its grip on the two other branches before any more Justices retire.
Snopes isn't a husband-and-wife team anymore; they got divorced a couple years ago and a third party bought out the wife's share. Their [staff page](https://www.snopes.com/snopes-staff/) lists fifteen people besides the founder.
The composition of the Supreme Court wasn't changed much by replacing Scalia with Gorsuch. Remember that the Court ruled favorably on both Obamacare and marriage equality while Scalia was serving.
> The President has every right, the same as you, to file suit for libelous accusations. 

You are technically correct, which is of course the best kind of correct, but historically, public figures have a difficult time winning those kinds of suits. Surely Trump's lawyers know that, and filed suit anyway. It smacks of SLAPP.

> The man who wrote the book did himself zero favors by literally saying he wasn't sure if the quotes he attributed were true. 

This is so misleading I have to wonder if it's intentional. There is a difference between accuracy and truth. If I quote Orange J. President as saying "the sky is green," and that is what he actually said, the quote is accurate. But the statement itself is not true. 

Wolff's author's note claims that he couldn't vouch for the truth of what *other people* said, since some of the quotes were obvious lies, or contradicted what other people he quoted said. This is perfectly reasonable, IMHO.
That's probably the sorbitol, a sugar alcohol. Sugar alcohols do have a laxative effect. (There doesn't seem to be any sucralose in 5, though there is aspartame.)
The nav bar and status bar aren't part of the app so it makes no sense to me for them to match the app. Imagine if your Windows task bar changed color to mach whatever app was in front...
AutoRemote: Push stuff from my computer to my phone. On my phone I have tasks to send text messages, set the clipboard to specified text, type specified text, and open links. These are all triggered by bookmarks (I made a Firefox extension for this but haven't had the time to rewrite it as a WebExtension).

AutoShare: Push links from the phone to the computer. Actually they get pushed to my Web server and i have bookmarks to open the most recent pushed link or a history of pushed links.

AutoNotification: Enable newly installed Xposed modules automatically, remove duplicate or old notifications from certain apps.
taillight not feather
Agreed. I change my phone wallpaper like every other day; not sure what I'd ever want tatted. I have considered the [Pioneer plaque](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pioneer_plaque), though.
Yes, I have no idea what it means to energize an icon.
When I was in high school, my first job was working at Sears. One of the questions on the job application was "Are you bondable?" (Which is a sideways and slightly obtuse way of asking if I had a criminal record which would prevent their insurance company from covering any losses I were to cause.)

Amazing that cops don't have a similar requirement.
I got that from Snoke's throne room in TLJ and I wasn't even high. Couldn't stop noticing where the walls met the floor, which reminded me it was a set and everyone was an actor.
Added link.  :-)
Another lovely option is the [Reynolds non-stick foil](http://www.reynoldskitchens.com/aluminum-foil/non-stick-foil/).
There's nothing to support about Samsung pay, it literally just records and plays back the magnetic strip on your card. The terminal can't tell the card's not being swiped. However, it won't help on Web sites.
> Won't stop me one think of the tots?

wat
Barron and His Cyber
> We want all those opiate-addicted rural whites to avoid felony charges that would eliminate their ability to vote.

Then they should keep marijuana legal, as this has been shown to reduce opiate use.
If she wore a necktie, it would be a cobra snake.
There was only one trick, and that was Trick-17.
If rooted, try trimming the flash memory.
You can sue for defamation, but the likelihood of success goes way down if you are a public figure, like, say, the President.
[Phil, the Prince of Insufficient Light](http://dilbert.com/search_results?terms=Phil+Prince+Of+Insufficient+Light)
The sax part from "Careless Whisper."
kengwing
The first gag here is the announcer's name, Edgar Tangram, a reference to Tangerine Dream founder Edgar Froese and a nod to [a classic TD album](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQpAJUZeIAY).
And Switched-On Bach (three Grammy awards), plus lots of other stuff.
Yeah, my first winter here I was like, "that's it? that wasn't bad at all, not even any snow to shovel."

Three winters later, the sky was a solid dark gray from October to April. April! I wanted to slit my wrists by the end.

Seattle protip: 5-HTP and vitamin D
Fortunately, as a friend who's a pilot told me once, "the plane *wants* to fly." Once you're up to speed, it's hard to keep it from taking off.
Hey, *you're* the one who said "locked in." I'm just following the implication of your statement to its logical conclusion.
"Locked in”? As in Amazon has a contact with the USPS that determines the rate, and Trump is advocating that the USPS break that contact? Well color me surprised... failing to live up to contractual obligations is sort of his M.O.

No, Trump is not right. It sounds like the USPS made a deal with Amazon that is not at all in their favor, but you can't break a contract just because it has turned out to be unprofitable. USPS's only option is to renegotiate when the contract expires.
Our jokes are basically the same joke.  :-)
By "literally" you mean figuratively, right?
Found a partial (~90%) solution.

1. There's a setting in RR's Settings > Configurations > Dynamic Navbar Color which, if turned off, will keep the nav bar black most of the time. (Occasionally it is not. In Google Now it's transparent, for example, and EvolveSMS uses its theme color, at least when the keyboard isn't popped up. In Nova Launcher it's transparent by default, but this can be turned off in the Nova settings.)

2. The app [Energy Bar](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=you.in.spark.energy) can be used to display battery status behind the status bar. By changing all the colors to black and making sure the Transparent Status Bar option is turned off, you can get a black status bar in all apps. The only issue is that when an app specifies a light-colored status bar, the status bar icons turn black and are therefore invisible against the forced black status bar. There are, fortunately, few apps that specify a light status bar; Samsung Internet is one.

LoliStat Reborn (the module linked in another comment) may be able to deal with some of the left-over oddities in this approach, but I found it just made different problems, so I'm currently dealing without it.
BTW, Samsung does have a few apps that work on any phone, such as, surprisingly, their Web browser, which is actually really nice. (Plus a few to support their other devices, such as wearables and appliances, but that's not really what you're talking about.)
[RJD2](http://rjd2.net/)
By definition, `NaN` is never equal to anything, not even `NaN`.
I predict the next big thing will be a hybrid of the two, Protocol Object Oriented Programming, or POOP.
I always put my phone face down on the nightstand when i go to bed. I actually have several things triggered by that already and would just add the sleep tracking to that action.

edit: actually I trigger on "plugged in to power and face down." Because "plugged in to power" turns off when the device is fully charged, I have a different task (screen on) that restores the settings I change.
They're more like romantic comedies in book form. About women and relationships, but the woman doesn't always get the guy, at least not right away. 
*Atlas Shrugged* is best read as a science fiction novel. In that context, I've certainly read worse. As political philosophy, it's rubbish, but even if it weren't, you're entirely right about the people who are such fans of it.
👉😎👉 zoop
Also, Windows is perfectly happy to use `/` for paths.
/r/michaelbaygifs 
[Skyolin Helper](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.skyolin.helper&hl=en)

Turn off the floating button that makes the app float and just use the DPI changer. It works for me.
That's the only reason she hasn't got the 8 yet: not enough of an upgrade over the 7. She thinks the X is too expensive, though.
Having read Apple's explanation, I'm actually in favor of what they did. When the phone detects that the battery can't provide enough power to do something, the processor is throttled to avoid the phone abruptly shutting down.

This isn't an overall, constant throttling as the battery wears down, it's throttling in very a specific circumstance that is meant to avoid an even more negative user experience.

A few times my Android phone has abruptly shut down at about 30% charge and yeah, I kinda wish it would have just started getting laggy at that point instead.

More transparency is also good and getting $50 off a battery replacement is fairly generous.
> introduction to U2

... this was the first time you'd heard U2.

Wat
Hence my last suggestion.  ;-)

I would be happy with a sealed battery if 1. it didn't lose capacity and 2. had a capacity about twice current chemistries. A supercapacitor maybe, if they ever manage to commercialize that.
Huh. I could have sworn I tried it on Marshmallow... sorry!
I'm not sure there have been many important advances in e-mail in the last few years...still works fine and still is a nice app.


My wife once bought a Galaxy Note as an upgrade for her iPhone 4 because she was wooed by the huge screen. Returned it the next day because "why are there ads on my phone that I just paid a grand for?" (Indeed, there was a big ol' widget trying to sell her a music subscription right there in the launcher.)

Also, while trying to explain how to get rid of the ad, she said, and I quote, "do not say the word 'widget' one more goddamn time, it doesn't mean anything and it pisses me off."

When I pointed out that she could set up her home screen however she wanted it, she frowned and sagely said, "You mean I *have to* set up my home screen how I want it."

She got an iPhone 5, then an iPhone 6, then an iPhone 7... probably an 8 soon. Good joerb, Samsung!
> don't touch the camera, only the default App can use the native drivers and processing that are substantially what makes photos not suck

Unless the hacked Google Pixel camera app works on your phone. Then it's probably better than the stock one.
A lot of times, MMS capability is built into the stock SMS app. If you delete it, you won't be able to send or receive MMS even if you have another SMS app.
This happens if you install some other program (doesn't have to be an actual browser) that can handle Web requests. The phone is asking you whether you want to continue using your old browser, or switch to the new one.

It would be nice if the "chose an app" dialog said this. "I noticed you recently installed a new program that can handle this action. Do you want to keep using the program you already chose (Chrome), switch to the new one (BrowsyMcBrowserFace), or choose another one? (You have 6 apps that can handle this request.)"
I was going to replace my HTC 10 but decided to put an AOSP-based ROM on it instead. Had been using a Sense-based ROM and moved from Marshmallow to Nougat. The phone's like new again (although the battery has lost about 20% of its capacity, the phone's runtime and performance are much improved).
Android power-saving mode throttles as the battery runs down, not as it loses capacity. It's meant to eke out a little more runtime toward the end of the day, not to compensate for an aging battery.
Yes, if Apple gave you a screen that said: "Lithium ion batteries lose capacity over time. This means your iPhone will run out of power faster as the battery ages even after a full charge. Would you like to slow your phone's processor to use less power and maintain runtime?"

And then a slider that offered to maintain performance, maintain runtime, or some compromise between the two. 

That would be a nice innovation that would compensate somewhat for sealed-in batteries.

Of course it would be better if they gave you a screen that said "Your iPhone's battery capacity has declined to 75% of new. To restore runtime, simply replace it. It will cost about $15 from literally anywhere and you can swap it yourself. In fact, why not buy a spare so you'll always have charge?"
I'm 6'3" and for me, the problem with the Mazdas isn't so much the headroom but that the top of the windshield is so low, I can't see the stoplight at an intersection without leaning forward.
The list is fairly short:

1. Flying economy class
2. Driving a Mazda
Try [Kaiten](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kaitenmail) (by one of the K9 devs) if you like K9's feature set but want a better UI.
The local gas station has an attached car wash and the pump prompts, "Do you want to buy a car wash?" which makes me hum it to that tune.
[Chick Corea](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqUDuYNcBaYkBgWikXvdZCw)
TIL that move is called a windmill.
[In this thread](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOtMizMQ6oM)
I realized only recently that ELO's name is a double entendre.

* (Electric Light) Orchestra: An orchestra named "Electric Light"
* Electric (Light Orchestra): A light orchestra that is electric
An earlier meme with a similar concept was [OS-tan](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/os-tan).
"It would cause embarrassment."

"Oh, that's all right, I'm sure your subjects will get over it."

"... for you."
From a poorfamilye
Kyocera's origins are right there in the name: KYOto CERAmics.
Yep, we had a KitchenAid fridge with this feature, called "measured fill." Was very handy filling bottles for the SodaStteam. 
[Samsung Internet](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sec.android.app.sbrowser&hl=en) (which is actually a really nice browser and runs on non-Samsung devices) accepts ad-blocker plug-ins, and there are many in the store. I'm currently using [Adblock Fast](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rocketshipapps.adblockfast&hl=en) with it, mainly because it has the word "fast" in its name. Am satisfied.

[Yandex Browser](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brave.browser) also supports the same ad-blocking plug-ins. I believe it's a fork of Samsung's browser. The company's Russian if that matters to you.

TugaBrowser and YuBrowser are Snapdragon-optimized forks of Chromium that have built-in ad-blocking, but neither have been updated in months.

[Firefox Focus](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mozilla.focus) and [Brave](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brave.browser) also have ad-blocking.
It is probably my favorite Looney Tunes bit (though there are many to choose from). 
[PRONOUN trouble](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6e1hZGDaqIw)
Also:

> 5\. For boots, that is not actually very expensive.
It's pretty obvious at this point that we've only seen the tip of the iceberg that is Jordan Peele's talent.
A fictional book similar to the Green Book also figures in Matt Ruff's *Lovecraft Country,* which is being adapted as a series for HBO, with Jordan Peele and J. J. Abrams exec-producing.
No, but I still have the shirt. If I get a chance, maybe I'll take such a photo.  
My understanding is that the plug-in needed to be activated (by an `about:config` change, the details of which were intended to be found by users following a trail of clues provided by USA) before it would do anything. However, many people were freaked out by seeing it in their browser unexpectedly.

I saw a report elsewhere on reddit of a certification test result being invalidated because the plugin was installed. To take these certification tests, you have to run the browser with no add-ons installed, to prevent cheating. If your test is invalidated, you then have to wait some months and pay to take the test again. A company was paying for a whole team to take the test, and all of the tests were invalidated. This is a rather more serious issue. Users use Firefox to *avoid* problems like this.

Mozilla dun fukt up.

Edit: I'm reasonably certain that Mozilla has learned to do this never again.
Nope, his identity has been established and he's definitely a dude.
O freddled gruntbuggly, thy micturations are to me  
As a Russian hooker covering a hotel bed with pee
He used "moistly" though.

They moistly come out at night. Moistly.
Sinks are not meant to live outdoors. So let that sink in!
There were two. The first was *Crusade,* which focused on a ship sent out to find a cure for a Drakh plague. It went 13 episodes, one of which was a hilarious *X-Files* spoof.

The second was a pilot for *The Legend of the Rangers,* centering on, of course, the Rangers. This was not picked up for series. It had a "virtual reality" weapon firing system that was widely mocked at the time.
My favorite part about *Splinter* is that Luke and Leia hadn't yet been established as siblings, so there is the obligatory romance subplot, which only became icky after *Jedi.*
I want my baby bat, baby bat, baby bat...
[Why wait for Musk](http://www.oneweb.world/)? 
You should do this using a time trigger. E.g., wifi not connected AND %WIFI matches "on" AND every 15 minutes. 

In general, with Tasker, do as much as you can with the states/events that trigger a task. Avoid writing loops and if statements in the task itself.
Canadian guns make the sound of William Shatner saying "sorry."
There are ~~dozens~~ two of us!
Double with cheese, ketchup only is my go-to. At McD's or BK I get burgers however they make them, i.e. with a whole salad on top usually, as it helps cover the sub-par flavor of the beef. At Wendy's you can actually enjoy the beef. (Before you ask why I'd want ketchup on perfectly good beef, well, good question, but Wendy's doesn't use so much it overpowers the beef flavor, and I find it an improvement. I am not a heathen that orders *actual steaks* well-done and puts ketchup on them, I assure you.)
Woz was an engineering genius and the brains behind the Apple II and its floppy disk controller (his masterpiece). Then he suffered a serious head injury in a 1981 plane crash and hasn't designed anything of consequence since. :/
Well, the other thing they did was have you manage your music library on the computer rather than trying to put a UI on the device for doing that. This allowed them to include only a music playing UI on the device, which simplified it considerably. Also the screen was bigger and nicer than a lot of the competition and the device was far smaller (because they bought all the 1.8" drives, nobody else could make devices that small for a period of time).
If you want to go really old school, Brian Daley's three Han Solo adventures are worth a read. They're set before *A New Hope* and were among the first Star Wars novels published, immediately following Alan Dean Foster's *Splinter of the Mind's Eye.*

I enjoyed the hell out of them when they came out (I was in middle school) and recently revisited them. They're still a lot of fun. Much to my surprise, a quick Google reveals that the events they describe were considered canon in the old EU and are referenced in A. C. Crispin's *Rebel Dawn.* 

You can get all three together for $8 (paperback or e-book).
Republicans tend to have a high opinion of police and go after anyone who dares be critical of them (see Black Lives Matter or the NFL protests). The FBI are Federal police so naturally they are to be respected. Hoist on their own petard here, they are.
You were doing well until everyone died.
DirecTV has a wireless network, and its service is zero-rated on it, too.
The Ascent is coming next summer! But it'll start at only around $35K.
Most people, even families, don't need an SUV the size of a Tahoe. A Dodge Durango, Ford Explorer, GMC Acadia, or Nissan Pathfinder seats 7 and starts around $30K. You could *maybe* get those vehicles up to $55K if you choose the highest trim level and all the options and ~~have a stroke~~ forget to haggle away the dealer's second sticker.

We show and breed dogs and we chose the Dodge Durango because it drove the nicest (thanks to the chassis it inherited from Chrysler's dalliance with Mercedes) and can hold 3-4 intermediate-size dog crates and all our dog show equipment. The dealer even upgraded us to aftermarket leather seats for free so we wouldn't have to go up a trim level.
They also gave customers access to their cash when the bank was closed, which they wouldn't ever have hired tellers for. This was a real benefit for people with unusual schedules and a huge convenience for everyone else.
Moran is criminally underrated. *The Long Run* is when he really came into his own, but all of his works have their charms. In particular he was way ahead of his time with regard to what the Internet might become, ahead even of *Snow Crash.* Wish he'd written more.
He wrote two sequels to it, too, plus a bunch of short stories in the same universe.
*Tik Tok* is great, but *Roderick* (and its sequel, *Roderick at Random)* are satirical epics. They were originally intended as one book by the author and were eventually published together in 2001.

From Wikipedia: [Spoiler](/s "
"A running joke throughout is that although Roderick is not particularly human-looking, people are unable to believe that he is a robot or simply fail to notice."")
Add a 1-second wait to the end of the task, and make sure collision handling is set to "ignore new" (this is the default).
I am pretty sure that your typical mobile network already has latencies on par with what a LEO satellite network would offer.
A similar lightbulb I had was when I realized that the reason I felt an obligation to keep in contact with my father was that *he had put that sense of obligation in me.* 
OneWeb is saying ~30ms. Which is pretty low, but my pings to google.com (on Comcast Business) are roughly a third to a half that.

Remember that ~30ms is the latency of the satellite service itself and is going to be on top of whatever the latency is to get to their ground station, i.e. total latency might be ~40ms in the best case; that's 4x my best ping to google.com.

To ordinary users that won't matter, of course.
The low orbits should ameliorate this, but latency will probably still be higher than terrestrial links.
Puppies that age (and even younger) do fine on adult dog food as long as it is of good quality. My wife and I are breeders and we feed our puppies adult dog food after they're weaned, and send adult dog food home with them. (We use Acana.)

The nutritional profiles for puppy food are very close to adult food for many brands. In fact, many brands claim to be "all life stages" and don't even offer a puppy food. In the brands where they're different, you might get a little more calcium and/or fat with the puppy variety, but not so much as to be worth paying extra. If you want to pay more, buying a better brand is a better use of the money.

Puppy food with extra fat and calcium is actually great for a mom to support her milk production, though! Or, you know, give her some cheese.  :-)

The main actual difference between puppy and adult food in a lot of brands is the size of the kibble, making it easier for them to physically eat. At your puppy's age, this shouldn't be a factor any longer.

When changing foods, transition gradually by mixing the two foods over the course of a week or so.

N.B. large breeds may require more careful feeding. For your average-sized dog, not so much.
Live in central Ohio, perhaps? Lots of restaurants test-market new products and concepts in the Columbus metro area.

I grew up in that area. Due to the logo, McPizza was commonly referred to in my circles as [Pimma](https://boygeniusreport.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/mcpizza.jpg).
> the government will think you just got a tax return when you shouldn't have possibly footing you with the bill.

You said "return" there when I'm pretty sure you meant "refund." 

I suspect the OP made the same mistake, which would be the source of my initial confusion.

Now I am attuned to the fact that many people in a *personal finance* thread do not know the difference between a tax return and a refund, this thread makes somewhat more sense to me. Other than the fact that many people in a *personal finance* thread do not know the difference between a tax return and a refund, of course.
I see the problem... you're saying "tax return" when you mean "tax refund."

I'm not worried about my tax return (the from I fill out and send to the IRS) being stolen by someone who already has my SSN.

Having my *refund* stolen, of course, is a totally different thing...
OK, but they don't need my return to do that; the fraudsters are filling out their own return.
If you already have someone's SSN, why would you want to steal their tax return? The only thing of real value on that is their SSN, *which you already have.*
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/Scott_Free_Productions_logo.jpg
> 5 ladies sweatpants and loose fitting shirts came in

Did the ladies those clothes belonged to arrive at some point as well?
Arby's didn't buy Buffalo Wild Wings. The company that owns Arby's, Roark Capital Group, bought Buffalo Wild Wings.
> (they were on way to many addy's!!!)

They need to do way instain mother...

Edit: The closest I can come to making sense of this is:

> they were on [their] way to many [addresses]

Which still doesn't make much sense, but I guess could mean they were scatterbrained (going in all directions, as it were). Maybe an idiom ported over literally from some other language.
Problem with that is that you now need a method to migrate your data and settings from the free to the paid app. If the dev's lazy you might not even get that.

I prefer "key" apps (where the premium is a separate app that just unlocks the premium features in the app you already downloaded) to that, but that clutters up your app drawer.

IAPs are best, IMHO.
What a nice bunch of people you all are.
She was easily the best thing about the *Ghostbusters* remake.
Blade Runner 2049: "If you can't get Vangelis, get Hans Zimmer to do a bad Vangelis impression, very loudly"
see also "kludge"
[Even Steve Howe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KN2qvtosmM)
One - cut a hole in the lox  
Two - put your lox in the bagel  
Three - put your bagel in a CD spindle

And that's the way you do it
[Biff Tannen was based on Donald Trump](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/back-to-the-future-writer-biff-is-donald-trump-20151021)
To explain the joke: Hopper used to hand out approx. foot-long sections of wire to students and refer to them as nanoseconds. So, picoseconds would be about 1/1000 of a foot, or basically metal shavings or dust. If Hopper throws picoseconds, she's throwing sand in the Master's face.
I like it in "Steven's Last Night In Town" by Ben Folds Five when a phone rings near the end of the song and one of the band members laughs. (They recorded the album in a house.) It was their best take otherwise, so they used it.

http://bff.magicalarmchair.com/discog/whatever/steven_info.html
And both types of EPROM are different from flash memory.
A videographer I used to know back in Detroit did lots of candid shooting. People would ask him, "are you filming?" and he'd reply "no," then wait a beat and add, "it's videotape."
taxicab is short for taximeter cabriolet. taximeter being the device that tracks the distance and time traveled to calculate the cost, cabriolet referring to a a light carriage drawn by a single horse. taxi and cab are further shortenings of this of course.
And trying to figure out which vacuum tube has gone on the fritz when the machine's not working right? But at least the tubes were more reliable than the mechanical relays used previously.
On the positive side, she was an advocate for high-level programming languages and consulted on the design of a popular language that is still in use today.

On the negative side, it is COBOL.
When you can snatch the pebble from my hand, Grace Hopper, you will have completed your training.
Also eliminates the need for the "I've fallen and I can't get up" button.
"How are decisions made here" might be a more telling substitute for #1.
Android's supposed to do it, as you note, but I found that Marshmallow on my HTC 10 definitely doesn't. The only way to know for sure is to trim manually; the trim tool will tell you how many bytes were trimmed. But you need root to do that.
robble robble
It's true. It's also why doing a TRIM on the flash memory often massively reduces lag.
It's an easy mistake to make; B and X are only separated by two keys on the keyboard.
You always let your dog win at tug-of-war occasionally. It's important to their self-esteem that they win sometimes. But not all the time, or else they'll think they're better than you at tug-of-war.
*War for the Oaks* by Emma Bull. Oldie but goodie.
Indeed, the script was written before they got the rights to use the title and the Three Laws.
They work together. The help you get from the meds in controlling the symptoms help you think more clearly so you can undertake other therapy. Meds can be a part of a valid coping strategy long-term as well.

People should talk to their primary care physician about their health issues (including mental). If necessary, they'll be referred to someone who can help them. Usually this will be a psychiatrist, who is an MD and can prescribe meds, rather than a psychologist, who isn't and can't.
100% agreed.

I once heard someone say "antidepressants are just a crutch." Well, if you broke your leg, wouldn't you want a crutch to help you walk until your leg healed?
"More Blade Runner *than* Blade Runner" is our motto.
If you're not a student, you can get just Photoshop and Lightroom for $10 a month.
Or make it a part of something you do once a year anyway, like spring cleaning.
You mean CO detectors.
Is there a meowtorcade nearby?
Until very recently, I thought Swedish Fish actually tasted like fish, and thought they sounded disgusting. I mean, I'd heard of lutfisk and assumed this was just another Nordic piscatory atrocity. I did not understand why every store seemed to carry them; this implied a degree of popularity that I could not imagine they merited.

My wife found this hilarious and insisted I try them. I was 48.
Have you ever heard of Plato? Aristotle? Socrates? Morons! 
♫ Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ♫
The problem is more specifically that the DTMF tones are not harmonically related to each other, and both are equally prominent.
AFAIK, there is no straightforward way to do this with Tasker alone or even with the AutoApps. However, if you have Xposed, the module Xposed Edge has an event for this, which can be used to trigger Tasker tasks.
Well, Tony was, but that doesn't apply to Vision. Also, unstable elements tend to have very short (minutes, seconds, or even less) half-lives, which would mean the element would need replacement frequently.
Good point. Also, Marvel physics is clearly different in some ways than real-world physics.
It seems better now, but I'm still playing with it.
You can create new elements by slamming atoms together at very high speeds. But these are unstable because of their atomic weights. The stable elements are known, and there's no empty spot in the periodic table for a new one.
Tony Stark can create new elements apparently just by trying hard, because he's just that smart. If Tony can do that, someone with the Mind Stone can probably make matter out of quantum vacuum fluctuation, or transmute the surrounding air into other elements, or something.
They're made of meat.
We had a dog that had an instinctual sense of when dinner was. The trouble was, her clock ran half an hour fast. If you fed her dinner at 7 one day, the next day she'd come up to you and start whining at 6:30. So your choices were to feed her a half hour earlier every day, or put up with a half an hour of whining every day.
I've been writing on technical topics since I was in high school, round about 1984, when I published our school's Apple user group newsletter, which I also mostly wrote, since nobody else submitted articles. I had already been programming in BASIC and assembly language.

By 1989 I had published my first commercial software product (and its manual) and was contributing to small programming newsletters, a couple of which I later edited.

I started working tech support for a mail-order computer retail company who had moved into software publishing, and did their user manuals, promotional materials, even video products from about 1992. I started because they needed a manual and I was the only one in the company who had the technical knowledge and could write. I developed a couple of things that they later sold or bundled, as well.

In 1995 I decided to start freelancing and had several regular clients over the next few years. I also did some Web design and development during that time.

In 2000 I moved from Detroit to Seattle and worked for a couple of startups, one in Internet media security and another in digital identity. Contracted for Microsoft a couple of times (currently doing this, in fact) and spent eight years at an engineering data visualization software company.

I've kept my toe in coding as well: developing the Welcome Screen in the data viz products, building a PDF testing framework in Python, making some little utilities and Firefox plugins, etc. I currently have a top 1% rep on Stack Overflow, mostly for answering Python questions.

I have an associate's degree in computer programming, which qualifies me to write COBOL programs for banks. Most of the rest I learned on my own. (Of the dozen or so languages I've used for software that made it out into the world, I studied only Pascal and C in a formal setting.) 

Why did I continue? Tech writing combined two things I was really interested in: computers and writing. It also turns out that I also love learning new things and explaining them to people. The challenge is finding new things to learn and explain! 

Since I know how to code, and how programmers think (which is just as important as knowing how to code), and am familiar with the software development process, I have made writing developer documentation a focus. There are always new tools and APIs to write about, which is not only fun and challenging, but it means I'll always have work to do. (I still do some end-user documentation, but for increasingly sophisticated users.) The pay is nearly as good as being a software engineer, since you basically need to have the same skills as a developer. I also bring some doc build automation skill to the table.

To get started, see about contributing documentation to open-source projects. Also, publish your own small projects including documentation. Get together a solid portfolio and, with your degree, that should allow you to land jobs. If you have trouble, focus on small companies and/or staffing agencies. Move to where the jobs are, if you have to.
Wow, what a coincidence! Here's someone named Cosplay, and they're cosplaying!
Sucralose is completely non-caloric. Even if it had as many calories as fat (the most caloric macronutrient at 9 calories per gram), it's hundreds of times sweeter than sugar, so there's only a tiny amount in each drop. A gram of sucralose would be a metric ass-ton of it.

As I said, the problem's with the filler they use to make it measure more like sugar for the packets and bulk package. The filler is dextrose and/or maltodextrin depending on the intended use. These are sugars and indeed do have calories. The drops are almost entirely water, however.

The same is true of other artificial sweeteners. Any calories come from the bulking agents added to the extremely sweet artificial substance to make it measure similarly to sugar.
That's a problem with the packets. The filler contains some calories, but few enough that they can legally call it zero.

But water doesn't contain any calories, so the drops are truly zero-calorie.
One of my favorite Whelan cover is the one he did for Asimov's [Foundation's Edge](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-GrWCHB-Pda0/WVLYUIxADvI/AAAAAAABlWI/2_K-nWEV3nUkznluYkKi4hlJJwNHltFcACK4BGAYYCw/s1600/Foundation%2B4%2B-%2BFoundation%2527s%2BEdge%2B-%2BTrantorian%2BDream%2Bby%2BMichael%2BWhelan.jpg). The scene depicted doesn't actually appear in the novel, nor does anything remotely like it.
For me, that stuck for like a couple days, then went back to the Reddit icon.

I've installed the Firefox 58 beta. It's fixed there.
With scent hounds like Beagles, if they smell something interesting, they're going to follow it. They'll stay together in a pack, sure... moving quickly in the direction of their quarry. Letting them off leash in an open area is something of a risk.

The dosage is different, but Benadryl does work in dogs for tranquilizing. Example: my wife used to have a 200-pound Mastiff and she gave him six Benadryl for allergies. It did not sedate him even slightly. Ask your vet how much to use.
What does it take for a streamer to faze a bank? I am pretty sure banks have seen pretty much everything, it'd be hard to faze them.
Yes, of course. The other team's abbreviation, RED, should obviously be pronounced Arr Eee Dee.
\*impugn
I was watching the Giants play the Redskins on Thanksgiving and noticed that the broadcaster had abbreviated the team name as NYG on the on-screen scoreboard. And I wondered, how is that supposed to be pronounced?
Dropbox did offer e-mail [for a while](https://www.wired.com/2015/12/dropbox-kills-carousel-and-mailbox-as-it-turns-toward-businesses/).
It's sucralose dissolved in water. A "squeeze" is equivalent to half a Splenda packet in sweetness. The difference is, there are none of the fillers used in powdered Splenda. It works great for beverages. I've seen similar products in stores already (usually store brand).

I personally prefer EZ Sweetz, because it's much more concentrated. A drop is equivalent to half a packet. It's [available on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/EZ-Sweetz-Pack-1-05oz-Sweetener-Servings/dp/B00AZCNZGE/). Use it in my coffee every day, and my wife (a diabetic) carries it in her purse.

Sucralose is IMHO the best-tasting of the artificial sweeteners.
You'd also have to force all of their competitors who offer, say, free e-mail based on other revenue sources to spin those off. Without that, you'd basically just be handing over all Gmail and Google Drive users to Outlook or OneDrive.
This is bizarre. I have been having exactly the same problem, with exactly the same sites (Facebook bookmark gets Reddit favicon). 

My workaround has been to add a slash to the end of the Facebook URL. e.g. https://www.facebook.com//. Right now I have three slashes because the problem came back after a while; we'll see if that smashes it.
Breaking up Google by services wouldn't really work either, I don't think. The advertising unit pays for literally everything else the company does. The cash flow is *prodigious.* Trying to make the other units pay for themselves somehow (when they are already giving most of that away, remember) would be very difficult.
Agreed. For me, it seems to happen for a while after I launch the app, then whatever it is resolves and everything works correctly again.
I agree. It wasn't my favorite show, because the sci-fi was a little "soft" for my taste. But whenever I watched it, I'd usually cringe at the episode's premise, then be completely won over by the end. That's good writing.
This is exactly correct. Their brains don't yet know what impulse to send in order to produce what movement. Think of it as calibration.

When older dogs do it, it's usually because they're dreaming.
My wife and I use [Sterilite clear plastic totes](http://www.sterilite.com/ProductCategory.html?ProductCategory=17&section=1) for transporting our puppies when they're very young. 

When full of puppies, they are totes cute.

Sorry, I'll show myself out.
ABANDON ALL HOPE, YE WHO ENTER HERE
*gestures to all of it*

More specifically, though, the feeling that I never get to express a complete thought. If I pause to gather my thoughts, or even just take a breath, someone will jump right in to the conversation. I wasn't finished! And if you'd actually been *listening,* instead of merely waiting for your turn, you'd know that!

So I try to keep track of where I left off so I can come back to it, and then never get the chance to, and waste all my brainpower trying to keep track of abandoned conversational threads.
Agreed. I have a number of zips I flash after a ROM upgrade. Keep 'em all in one folder to make things simple.
Biff Tannen was in fact [explicitly modeled on Donald Trump](https://www.thedailybeast.com/back-to-the-future-writer-biff-tannen-is-based-on-donald-trump).
No, YOU'RE a cemackle.
Ah, I didn't even know that was a thing. How did you even discover this?
If the message is of variable length, how is the phone supposed to know how long to wait to dial the extension?
In case I wasn't clear, we don't recommend dog parks regardless of the age of your dog.
until you close your mandibles upon their anterior portions

They're able to do searches of the closed captioning.
You're not wrong. The point of a purebred is consistency, not some metaphorical "purity." This comes from proper breeding, by which again I mean not *metaphorically* "proper" but breeding using methods that have historically resulted in that consistency.

In fairness to -doodle breeders, many purebred dog breeds were crossbreeds at some point. My breed, the Glen of Imaal terrier, was supposedly the result of breeding "local terrier stock" in the Glen of Imaal valley of Ireland with "low-slung hounds" brought to the area by French and Hessian mercenaries who were granted land by the English crown as payment for their efforts in putting down a rebellion. The breed's dwarfism is thought to come from a relative of the PBGV (Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen), which fits in with that theory.

Many -doodle breeders in the US are, however, simply cashing in on the fad. Even those who are somewhat reputable (who legitimately love their dogs and are breeding them because they feel the world needs more dogs like them, not just for the money) generally do not understand the pitfalls of the breeds they are crossing, do not show or health test their breeding stock, etc.

It is possible to take such a crossbreed and, with careful and diligent breeding, make it into a true breed. A true breed is one in which the offspring always resemble the parents (they "breed true"). This is not currently true in -doodle crosses because there are many recessive genes that are suppressed in the first generation but that can express themselves in the second and subsequent generations as they pair up in the offspring of dogs that carry them.

My understanding is that some "designer" crossbreeders are undertaking the effort to make their crossbreed into a true breed and eventually hope to gain acceptance from a national Kennel Club. Other breeders prefer to breed only F1 puppies (direct offspring of a cross) and not to breed additional generations from those offspring, which, if you're going to crossbreed, is the best way to end up with something predictable.
Most purebred owners are *not* like that, in my experience. The ones that make sure you know they have a purebred, sure, I can believe that.
My wife and I are dog breeders and we not only do not recommend dog parks to our puppy buyers, we actively discourage people from taking their dogs to them. While you are a reasonable human being and your dog (I'll assume) is both friendly and well-trained, you have no control over other people or their dogs. There is nothing inherent to owning a dog that makes you a good person, either.

Edit to add: What do we recommend instead? Get to know your neighbors who have dogs and, if your dogs get along, go on walks together and let them play in a supervised area. Get a second dog if you have just one. Go to a play session at your local dog training center. If your dog's a purebred, your breeder may have meetups where their dogs can meet and play: we just had one this past weekend: five of the eight puppies from our last litter were there, and it was a hoot watching them race around the back yard. Our adult dogs were also there and helped teach them to "play nice" (our boy Miles is a great referee).
My understanding was that JMS was under pressure to do things a certain way and, being a novice at running a show, did not push back hard enough because he figured the people making the suggestions knew better than he did. When he saw the final cut of the pilot, it was clear to him that some of those decisions didn't work and so some changes were made when they went to series. For example, some of the blinking lights (the ones in the elevator were particularly obnoxious) went.

When he had a chance to re-edit the pilot later, he was able to fix some of the things that didn't work, but not all, since they couldn't do any reshoots and had to use the footage they already had.
PDQ would need to be pronounced something like "p'dick" to qualify as an acronym. YMCA "imca", BCE "bicky", OED "wed."
From the description it sounds like it could be [Bank on Yourself](https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/insurance/bank-life-insurance-liquidity-retirement/), which uses whole life insurance which you then borrow against to "become your own bank."
"If they're bred for it" means they're not mutts. They may not be a breed officially recognized by a kennel club, but "bred for it" means you have created consistency where there was none before, which necessarily means a decrease in genetic diversity. If you achieved it in your lifetime, you did it by breeding related animals to each other, because that is *how* you decrease genetic diversity over a limited number of generations.

You might say to yourself "I am breeding for (e.g.) speed and don't care about what they look like as long as they are fast" but even if speed is your only criterion, you're going to converge on a specific appearance.
Let's see... https... secure Web site, that's always good... hmmm... healthypets... that seems fine, everyone likes their pets to be healthy... next, mercola... uhm. Never mind.
But there are plenty of words that are their own antonyms.
> "begs the question" doesn't mean "asks the question"

It does now.
> Bivaga and the fox

Temba, his arms wide
I love the smell of bridges burning in the morning. Smells like.. idiocy.
Goats Butter!
"Whedon once served directer"? And in the first paragraph to boot? WTF, Vanity Fair.
"sike"?
> we don't have that much room in our heads

Nobody said our heads have to be the size they are. Hell, we're gonna add extra eyes, might as well make them bigger, too.
Pupils should close more, basically. There are diffraction limits, but it could be better than it is.
Why do you want to stay at a job for five years? Burn out the two-year mark, take a month or two off, switch jobs. Switching jobs is the #1 way to increase your salary.
Get a longer wire. i use a ten-footer.
https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/internets-favorite-words
Boston's public schools [kiss](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/buss)?
Yeah, eyes in general suck, and so does the neural network they're attached to.

* We can see only a tiny swath of the electromagnetic spectrum. That means we can't tell when something's hot just by looking at it, for example.
* We can see in full resolution in only a tiny spot in the middle of our vision, and have to keep moving our eyes around to see a scene in detail (and we're effectively blind to any change in the scene while our eyes are moving)
* Even in our fovea (the central vision area where we see in detail), we have relatively poor resolution compared to other creatures on this planet
* The wiring for our light-detecting cells goes in FRONT of the retina, which not only reduces efficiency, it creates a huge blind spot where the nerve bundle passes through the back of our eyes (and to add insult to injury, creatures exist where this is wired correctly)
* We are prone to nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism, and there's no way to adjust the focus of our eyes during our life cycle
* We literally can't see the difference between (say) yellow light and a certain mixture of (say) red and green light. On the up side, this lets us represent color in media using only three channels.
* We can't see polarization except very faintly in very unusual circumstances
* We are prone to optical illusions where what we think we see is not what is actually in front of us (thanks, brain)
* Our field of view is quite narrow (wider horizontally than vertically, though) and we can only see in one direction without turning our head or, in extreme cases, our whole body. And our eyes can't easily be made to point in different directions.
* We can't see very well in low light even though we have mammalian cousins who can see very well indeed in low light. And, adding insult to injury, the center of our vision, which sees the most detail, is less sensitive to light than other parts.
* We can go blind from looking at very bright light
* Our eyes take a relatively long time to react to ambient light changes
* Floaters
* Cataracts
* No zoom feature
The correction is also incorrect. That comma is perfectly cromulent. The semicolon, obviously, is not.
Achondroplastic breeds have a higher susceptibility to injury, but typically only until maturity. The reason is that while the leg bones are still growing, there is a soft area called the "growth plate" (the epiphyseal plate or physis) at either end of the bone where the bone grows. Trauma to the growth plate can change the way the bone grows or, in the worst case, cause it to stop growing entirely at one end or even both. This injury is worse in achondroplastic breeds because the bones change a lot more during growth, which means they might get "stuck" in a shape only part of the way achondroplastic. Worse, their legs probably won't match anymore, as it's very unlikely to have the exact same injury in both front legs at the same time. Mismatched front legs can lead to undue structural stress, and this can cause lameness sooner or later.

We warn our puppy buyers repeatedly not to let their puppies jump down from anything taller than themselves until they are at least a year old, and up to 18 months if practical, to prevent such injuries. Once the dog is mature, however, the growth plates close and the bone is fully ossified, so he isn't susceptible to this kind of injury any longer. I'm speaking of the Glen of Imaal Terrier here, since it's my breed, but I assume Corgis and Bassett Hounds can have the same kind of issue since they're also achondroplastic.

Some breeds like the Dachshund can have back problems due to their long backs. But Glens and Corgis don't have long backs. If their legs were a normal length, their proportions would be typical dog proportions. They have normal-length dog bodies, just on short legs.

Many dogs end up with arthritis as they age, especially if they are active. I'm sure some breeds are more susceptible than others. However, smaller dogs (assuming good structure) should actually be less prone to it than larger ones because they weigh less. (See [square-cube law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Square%E2%80%93cube_law): mass increases as the cube of size, while strength increases as the square. Giant-breed dogs in particular can develop joint problems quite early in life because their weight puts a lot of stress on their structure.)

But on the flip side, smaller breeds tend to live longer than large ones, meaning they have more of a chance to develop arthritis due to sheer old age. Our paterfamilias, Stanley, is now 13 and has developed some arthritis. This is because he lived to into his teens, not because the breed is particularly susceptible. Pretty much any vertebrate organism that lives long enough is going to get arthritis because bones and cartilage wear from use. If a dog lives a happy life, he's going to use his body!

I don't know much about them specifically, but from a quick Google, it seems that Chihuahuas are one of the few small breeds that develop arthritis earlier than you'd expect. (Dachshunds, unsurprisingly, are another.) I assume it's because they are comparatively fine-boned. Possibly there are too many poorly-bred ones as well. (The more popular a breed is, the more likely it is to bred primarily for money with little care for health.) As in humans, glucosamine/chondroitin supplements are helpful for doggy arthritis.

As an owner, being informed about the pitfalls of a breed is vital. Good breeding is also essential, since the majority of these problems are heritable. A good breeder will conduct breedings that minimize the chance of health issues (using genetic tests where available as well as knowledge of the health of the dogs in the pedegree). A good breeder will also make sure you know what you need to know in order to keep your dog as healthy as possible its whole life.
Even if they succeed in making it easy to port desktop Linux apps to mobile platform, and even if the user experience of those apps is acceptable (a big if), that only gets you phone versions of desktop apps. You still have to convince the developers of popular mobile-first apps to support a third platform. Most of 'em didn't support Blackberry or Windows Phone, and they're even less likely to support this.

Like I said, I wish them luck, but the platform has an enormous uphill battle ahead of it. I predict that by the time the Librem 5 has a decent catalog of third-party applications, it will have been obsolete for several years.
Achondroplasia is technically a deformity, but Corgis are not physically handicapped any more than a person with the same deformity (i.e., a dwarf) is necessarily physically handicapped. They get around fine and live healthy and happy lives; they're just short.

My wife and I breed Glen of Imaal Terriers, which have the same kind of dwarfism as Corgis. We currently have a four-month-old puppy from our most recent litter. She can jump up on the bed already and likes to tear around the back yard playing chase with her half-sister. Don't tell *her* she's handicapped!

The dwarfism of the Glen of Imaal Terrier (like the Corgi's) was originally functional. They were bred to hunt badgers. As a "strong dog," their role was to actually pull badgers from their dens. (Many other terriers are "sounders:" they go in and find the quarry, and their barking lets you know where the varmint is so you can dig it out with a shovel.)

A badger typically attacks a dog by going for the dog's front legs. A Glen can protect his short legs more easily and the badger finds himself running right into the dog's teeth, which is usually game over for the badger.
I wish them luck with that, but I'm pretty sure it's not going to be "just" anything.
"Librem 5: We addressed the problem of third-party apps spying on you by not having any third-party apps at all!"
Unlike all those other companies who never consider whether their behavior is evil or not...
People still listen to the radio?
Wait, they're just announcing this today? What has all this fooforaw been about "save net neutrality" then?
That sounds like fun. I would be trying things like `<font color="white">` or whatever the background color is. Or `<blink>`. Hell yeah.
I have it on good authority that "the gays" like Christmas as much as "the straights." Christmas does not belong to heteros.
Well Hillary was just as bad, she's *married* to a philanderer! That's practically the same thing!

/s
Yeah, this is pretty common for brewery tasting rooms. Black Raven near Seattle does the same thing.
But then, you repeat yourself.
[I mist again](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYqwUF-dCJc)
Doggy gave Master a sock! Master is free... to have a good day!
Some guys I worked with at a digital identity startup ended up working at Chase for a while. They were smart dudes (probably still are).

Of the big banks, I do think Chase is one of the better ones technologically.
Back in the old days, I used to do the same thing in GEnie's chat rooms. By putting the right number of spaces at the end of your message, you could force a line wrap and then spoof someone else's message. Better yet, you could spoof a *private* message from someone else, which could be used to wreak all kinds of fun.
Lazy people don't ask anyone's permission to be lazy.
Having done my time in retail, this probably isn't malicious, or at least not most of the time. If a manager could use the same schedule every week, they would, because it's easier. It also reduces staff turnover which means less need to hire new people which also reduces expenses. 

The main actual problem is that the kind of people who work minimum-wage retail jobs are often not very reliable and so schedules must regularly be rearranged to cover unexpected holes.
https://www.fuelrewards.com/fuelrewards/welcome.html?RefId=5d33982527aa40619cbb25670b3737bd
This effect is available in consumer audio products as well. For example, SRS TruBass, BBE Sonic Maximizer ("Lo Contour" knob), etc.
I learned to type on an Apple II Plus and so I never use the numpad.

If my job involved entering vast quantities of numbers I'd probably start using it, though.
because “cos” is pronounced “cosine”
Bounty... the quickie puppy upper.
put your hands in the air and wave' em like you just don't care

\o\ lol /o/ lol
It's not that they want evidence that you're not a loser, it's just that the laws that govern credit unions define them as being financial institutions created to serve a specific group of people. That group can be defined very broadly, but it must be declared in the CU's charter.
He also has a knowledge of the saccade, which is when your eyes move. You are effectively blind to change during a saccade.
To me, the main misconception of history that drives me nuts is the idea that angry birds evolved.
Also Android runs on more than one processor architecture, which is a BIG DEAL when you're making a mobile OS. Apple uses ARM derivatives exclusively (though they are now designing the chips themselves, so who knows what they've added).
> I can call you whatever I want!

"Only if you don't care whether I answer or not."
Why don't the Boston Dynamics robots sound like a swarm of angry bees anymore?
"The statistical likelihood is that other civilizations will arise. There will one day be lemon-soaked paper napkins. Till then there will be a short delay."
SOMETIMES I DOUBT YOUR COMMITMENT TO SPRINKLE MOTION
A flight attendant spilled coffee on my lap once. It meant a $200 flight voucher for me.

I was flying with a friend to Macworld Expo San Francisco and he told me that my reaction to having coffee spilled on my lap was to roll my eyes and sarcastically intone, "oh, *great."* (I didn't recall the exact details of my response.) I guess it wasn't too hot.
Automakers have a word for the way a car's finish changes as it's viewed from different angles and with different light. Mainly it's called "travel" but I think "flop" is also used.

That paint has a lot of flop.
*Toy Story* was released by Disney and had a Pixar-animated Disney castle logo at the beginning. Disney had approached Pixar with the suggestion that Pixar make a feature-length film for them. On the strength of *Toy Story,* the two companies then signed a multi-picture deal.
*Toy Story* was released by Disney and had a Pixar-animated Disney castle logo at the beginning.
My wife's favorite is Life Aquatic (Rushmore is second); mine is either Moonrise Kingdom or Grand Budapest. Really, you can't go wrong; they are all very good films.

Bottle Rocket, his first feature, is not very Wes Anderson (at least not compared to his later work), but it's still a good film.
Wow, now there's a blast from the past.
Sort of like "talent" is used to describe anyone who appears in front of a camera for a living.
*Toy Story* took 2-15 hours per frame depending on complexity for a total of around 800,000 machine hours.

While computers are faster today, they still take about the same amount of time per frame; they throw the additional computing power at detail. By the time of *Monsters, Inc.,* it took about 11 hours to render a frame with Sulley in it because of all his individually-animated hairs. (The hairs would have been impractical in *Toy Story*'s time.)

A little-known fact: back when 4x3 TVs were a thing, Pixar would produce both widescreen and 4x3 versions of their films for home video release. But they didn't just chop off the sides for the 4x3 version. They would change the cropping and zoom for each scene, and often have these factors change during the scene to track a character. In some cases they would even re-compose the scene from the source files and re-render it. There's a featurette on the *Finding Nemo* DVD about this process.
"Hi, we're doing a movie for Disney."
> javsfriptnfeobt 

...
You need parentheses around that value to get it to behave the way you say it behaves.
If I was going to name a ferry, or a number of them, I'd go with the names of famous fairies. Tinkerbell, Puck, Oberon...
Like freedom of speech, "innocent until proven guilty" is a restraint on the government. Individual people have freedom of association. Thy are free to shun others for any reason, or for no reason at all.*

\* Except for very specific circumstances and very specific reasons
I'm all for making something useful, even if marginally so, from surplus fidget spinners.
APP? You mean the famous hovercraft, the Alan Parsons Project?
Yes, and "areal" is a word (e.g., hard disks have an "areal" density, i.e., the amount of data they can store in a given unit of area)
\*aerial
You are technically correct... the best kind of correct.
A full-screen smartphone? Aren't all smartphones full-screen? Why would you put a screen into a phone but not use all of it?
There is no reason that sexual practices or technology could not be a focus of speculative extrapolation and provide the thrust behind a plot, so to speak.
Norman Spinrad. John Varley.
Any cat can beat you up, because they have:

1. claws
2. absolutely no concept of proportion or restraint
I think you're probably right. I tried another user's suggestion of Disa and had the same problem.

So I deleted data for all the Google stuff on my phone (including Google Play Services data and my accounts) and set it all up again.

If that doesn't fix it, I'll do a factory reset, although I'm loath to do that because it will take me like a week to set up my phone again.
Those were Woz's babies, really.
If your religion tells you that it's okay for grown men to have sex with teenagers, that doesn't mean it's okay for grown men to have sex with teenagers; it means your religion is an abomination and you should repudiate it immediately. publicly, and vociferously, lest your fellows assume you are as morally hollow as your faith.
> Get the audiobook if get bored with long books.

"I get bored with long books. I know, I'll consume it in a way that will make it take even longer!"
*Who* meets Liu Cixin? The trip to China? It seems odd to anthropomorphize a trip.
It does, but you can turn that off.
That's the easiest way, and most routers support it these days.
"That was when I rode the pogo stick."
"Damn and blast British Telecom," shouted Dirk, the words coming easily from force of habit.

—Douglas Adams, *Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency*
>  Do you have the slightest idea what a "moral and ethical principal" is? 

That's someone who runs a school, right?
The only devices on your LAN that don't have assigned static IP addresses should be visitors' devices.
If you are a fan of science fiction, definitely. The best science fiction takes a premise and extrapolates to its logical conclusion for dramatic purposes. *Rick and Morty* does the same, only the premises are ludicrous and the goal is laughs and the occasiaonal gut punch to the feels. It's easily as good as *Futurama,* in my opinion, although obviously it's a totally different show.
In other words, don't shine your shoes.
Really? I saw the $565 price and bailed entirely. It was not at all clear to me that there were less expensive tickets.
[Noone has cared about chipset security](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Noone)
I'm more interested in the anxious solders. How can solder be anxious?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zREwdYvd75s
Love me some ion Alpo
[one of my favorites](https://i.imgur.com/9MQv6z8.gif)

[another one](http://j.aufbix.org/plif/archive/wc191.gif)

[yet another](http://j.aufbix.org/plif/archive/wc069.gif)
Plimpin' ain't easy
I've had luck in the past addressing this with an app called Media Button Router. It can put up a menu of which app you want to play the music in when it gets a Play command over Bluetooth, but this menu can be empty and time out immediately, on which case it won't play anything.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.harleensahni.android.mbr

I'm currently using a Tasker profile to address this.
You know how laggy your phone gets when updating one app? Well, imagine it five times that laggy.

That's why they don't do it that way.
Having Firefox delete your history will still leave some information in freed sectors on the disk, where it can be recovered.

Keep your Firefox profile on an encrypted flash drive, then it doesn't matter what's in your history.
I am admittedly in a poor position to judge exactly how popular Mass Effect is, having only heard of it.
They thought they *already had* the power they'd need to prevent their misdeeds from being prosecuted. They're like gangsters acting like they own the cops without realizing they have to actually pay off the cops first.
That's entirely possible. The problem is that you're satisfied with having to organize your stuff along the computer's lines (the file system) . Dealing with the file system is still crap, it's just 1) familiar crap since you have already mastered the arcane art of the file system and 2) arguably more functional for your needs than current alternatives.
 
To paraphrase Richard Bach: argue for your crap, and sure enough, it's yours.

The file system is too well-established to go away completely. It will always be there to fall back on.  Doesn't mean the industry shouldn't strive for something better.
Oh boy, sleep!
Or, you know, because of the fifth guy to walk on the moon, Alan Shepard.
> Bad design is putting "network proxies" at the bottom of "general" in preference. how the fuck is "network" a "general" option? why do i need to scroll down a novellas worth of options to get to it?

Because most users don't need to change those settings, and those who do, need to do so badly enough that they will learn where to find them wherever they may be.
The idea that you, with your limited human fallible memory, should be responsible for remembering where you put things on a computer, when the computer is *far* better at remembering such things than you are, and when furthermore a major reason you have a computer in the first place is precisely to store and organize things, is silly. Conveniently for software developers, it leads you to blame yourself when you lose something, instead of blaming the computer.

We used to put up with things like "what floppy did I store my recipes on again?" and "I require my music to be organized in a folder hierarchy so I can find particular songs and albums easily" because computers were incredibly helpful even with these limitations. But that doesn't mean the limitations are features. They bring us no benefit, only a need to remember how to use them, which we accept only because we can do things with the computer faster than we can do them without.

The fault is when we mistake dealing with the computer's limitations as "skills" which are somehow useful in themselves, when in fact we only need them because computers are still immature and poorly matched to human ways of thinking. Far better than they used to be, to be sure, and improving constantly, but still not there. I'm baffled that my computer *still* can't tell what I'm looking at, for example, even though most computers have cameras these days, and gaze-tracking isn't rocket science anymore.

The file system in particular is something that no user asked for. Sure, users need their computers to be able to store stuff, but there is no particular end-user benefit to the specific details of having different drives with various letters and having folder hierarchies on them. It accomplishes the user's goal of storing their stuff, but it's barely an abstraction at all. (The internal hard disk icon on a user-friendly Mac is literally photorealistic rendering of a 3.5" hard disk mechanism. How many users do you expect even know what a 3.5" hard disk mechanism looks like? Why should they need to know this to be able to use their computer?)
Indeed, if you pull out in front of someone, you are *morally obligated* to go at least as fast as they are going. Since it's a moral obligation, if you don't do it, you are literally a bad person.
"rapestories" pron. ra-PES-tor-ies.
The Egg 'n' Cheeser is a real People Pleaser

The slogans basically write themselves!
It's a great time to be a mouse.
With the timestamp baked in:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kj5TL1l9QYQ#t=1m44s
Wah wah wah-wah, wah wah-wah, *wah.*
My wife and I own a 2015 Dodge Durango. Very favorably impressed with the car, actually, and have recommended it to many friends who in the market for an SUV. (We show and breed dogs and most of our friends do too, so they're constantly on the lookout for a better dog vehicle.) Ride and handling is the best of the vehicles we test-drove, and it swallows four 300-size dog crates plus all our grooming stuff and a suitcase for each of us.

I'm kinda impressed that they keep upgrading the entertainment system software... the last time, they actually did it over the air instead of requiring you download it to a flash drive. The only really annoying bug it has is that it cuts off the first second or so of audio that comes through, so navigation instructions from my phone are clipped. (Solved this with a Tasker task that continuously plays a silent MP3 while the Bluetooth is connected.)
I'm uncomfortable with the Federal government imposing punishments for offenses that are not Federal crimes, i.e. that don't cross state lines.
His pizza, frankly, sucks. Soggy, bland.
"I'm packing you an extra pair of shoes and your angry eyes, just in case."
Value Village in the US is called Value Village.
As a programmer, I like sexidecimal.
The reason you didn't see it during W's tenure was that Facebook had not yet become people's primary source of news. There were definitely liberal echo chambers (MetaFilter was, and is, one such) but not everyone was in one.
Saw him do standup once a few years back (when he was still on the Daily Show) and the man is indeed hilarious. It was in a casino in Snoqualmie, Washington (pronounced "snow-QUAL-mee") and he comes out and goes, "Good evening SNOCKle-my!"

I find his actual show hit-or-miss but when he hits, he's great. The seagull bit I actually found pretty funny.
I wonder if some or all asphalt can't be designed to be porous so this is less of a problem. Especially in Houston where I assume winter isn't so much of a thing.
I mean, that photo of Stossel shirtless on his beach house is pretty mockable. But being against a program on principle, even if you personally benefit from it, is praiseworthy, not hypocritical.
From the standpoint of an employer, an employee's interest in learning new programming skills can either be seen as an a benefit or a detriment. Companies that have the attitude "we don't know what we'll need next year so it's best to hire flexible people" like it. Companies that don't, think you're overly ambitious and will leave as soon as you find something better.

You don't want to work for that second kind of company, for a lot of reasons.
> Fortran is still being used to create new codes 

This poster's unironic use of the word "codes" proves his HPC *bona fides.*
FORTRAN is still widely used in engineering disciplines and appears as a qualification in jobs like [Senior Flight Control Engineer](https://www.indeed.com/cmp/The-Structures-Company,-LLC/jobs/Senior-Flight-Control-Engineer-09eb08a9b98c3f08). Note that this is an $85/hr position. 

You can't get away with knowing *only* FORTRAN, of course.

Up until recently I worked for a company that produces desktop data visualization software for computational fluid dynamics (founders were ex-Boeing, customers are basically every aerospace company in the world). They introduced a new API this year for developers to read and write their file formats, and it supports both C and FORTRAN bindings.

COBOL also appears regularly in job postings for banks, insurance companies, and utilities. Lotta batch processing still done in COBOL.
If you do not constantly learn new things, you are obsolete and will be replaced with a ~~newer~~ younger model.
I'm reminded of the thermodynamics-based test answer on the temperature of Hell, which has to do with whether souls are entering Hell faster than Hell is expanding, or not.

[Found it](http://www.pinetree.net/humor/thermodynamics.html)
yasssss is mashed potatoe
Is "lol" what is meant to be said to the non-trans-dating partners? It's so hard to tell without punctuation.

And John Stossel, whom Oliver mocked, has actually reported on the NFIP boondoggle repeatedly and consistently. I remember seeing a segment of his on the issue on ABC's *20/20* many years ago, probably in the '90s, and apparently he *keeps* bringing it up every time there's a major storm. (Stossel is also associated with *Reason.)*