It could also hit $2.50
Resilio sync
I don't think these odds take into account the boat possibilities for Harry.

His equity for the first pot (before Qh turn) is : 5.86%
His equity for the first pot (after Qh turn) is: 20.45%

His equity after the flop with a dead Qh is : 5.43%
His equity after the flop with a dead Qh and any other heart: 4.54%

So there is a 0.4% difference on equity for the second turn&river from the first... IF he knew about the Qh, and a 1.3% delta for the second pot if he wins the first pot with a heart/heart combo...which goes to show how much more scumbag this move is, because his argument was "I can't win it twice".
Right but doesn't the opposite apply? If Harry DIDN'T suck out on the first runout then the odds for the second increase and provide a chance to suck out there.

I understand in specific situations it makes sense to control the number of times to run a board, but in this specific instance I actually think it would favor Harry to run it as many times as possible as his odds for sucking out were relatively low. It just so happens that it did happen, which is how the controversy came about.




Here's the thing. Harry's explanation doesn't make any sense. "I can't win it twice" isn't really all that valid when the whole point of running it more than once is to limit variance. From Chris' viewpoint he agreed to running it twice WITH A SET. He was the overwhelming favorite to win.  He agreed to run it twice for the very specific reason that if Harry spikes a runner runner that he would scoop the second half of the pot.

Total scumbag move by Harry.
$40? And you sold it for $1100?

I would have thought you bought it for $500 and sold it for $5000.

Wowza. Nice job. That desk is purdy.
Wait...I think you found something. Maybe this isn't really a documentary and is actually an entertainment show.
Obtain a laser level. Set it to the level of the highest block (where it is just poking above the ground). Place gravel under blocks until they are all level.

If you are tired of taking the blocks in/out of the holes just cut a piece of scrap wood - mark it using the hole from your reference block. Now you know the level of the subbase at that level. Make the subbase that level in every other hole THEN place the blocks. I generally use a piece of tape on the scrap wood to mark the "level" I am aiming for.
I had a course in college that was curved (like almost all of our courses were) because the final average was in the SINGLE DIGITS. I can't recall if it was 6/100 or 9/100 but it was genuinely that low.

The course was an engineering statistics class, that was required for graduation and was offered at god awful times that conflicted with most students courses for specific specialties/majors. Most students in my class ended up taking it in the last period of their senior year because they were actually available during the class time and ..it was required. There was also a new set of professors teaching the course the year I took it.

The course material was hard AF. The professor and TA's were ALL foreign (but not the same nationality) and in general since it was most of the classes last term, nobody gave a shit. Also there were no points awarded for showing up, quizzes etc. Your grade was all dependent on the final exam. So nobody ever showed up to class and only a few of the students actually cared (you know who you are).

The exam was graded on a +/- system where if you got the question right you received the points and if you got it wrong you got NEGATIVE points.  For every question there was different weighting and a different number of answers. Piled on top of that was that the questions were all written in broken english, and in general nobody knew the material anyway.

I believe I ended up with a score in the teens, and received an A, by pure fucking luck and only answering questions I thought I had positive EV on. There were students that ended up with negative scores for sure. There was some super stupid cutoff for passing of like 4/100. So if you got a 4/100 you passed but if you got a 3/100 you failed and had to retake the course and could not walk. The difference between an A and not passing the course could have been determined by one question of the twenty or so on the exam (receiving a 3/100 vs a 13/100 or something).

The professors actually felt the grading was justified and ended up catching a TON of shit for it. I'm not sure how it ended up for the kids that didn't pass but man fuck that shit. These type of grading systems are stupid.
At your current wage it's a no brainer.  It makes sense financially AND you have all of that time to do things you like AND you won't drive yourself crazy sitting in a car.

If it's one hour each way right now lets assume that's a minumum of 75 miles each day. The reimbursement rate for mileage is $0.545/mile from the IRS, and it's probably pretty close to what your depreciation and maintenance/gas costs. That's $40 DAILY in saved cost if you can walk to work. At 240 working days/year lets put the differential cost of commute at $9600. Even if you have a beater that sips gas and it's half of that it's $4800 in post tax dollars or roughly $6400 in pretax pay.

Now lets put some sort of value on your time. I tend to value my personal time at a rate HIGHER than my pay, but I'm kind of weird. Let's assume you are ok with valuing your time at ~50% of your pay rate or $12/hour. That's $12 * 2 * 240 = $5,760.

Last but not least you now have that time to yourself. I'm not trying to double count the dollars above, but how can you not want  time to do hobbies, spend time with family or just watch netflix? Who cares what you do, it's YOUR time. As long as you don't pick up a super expensive hobby you are dollars ahead and will be much much happier.

Driving also tends to put a huge stress on your body and mind. Don't forget about that. You will have a longer, healthier life from not driving those two hours daily...and if you are now walking to work you are getting a (little bit) of exercise.

This is a fucking slam dunk. The only thing you have to consider is opportunity for advancement/etc. Those are differences in the positions, not the pay and commute that you outlined.

I made a similar time wise cut about seven years ago (went from three hours daily to forty minutes daily), and I never regretted it. In fact I took it to the extreme and started my own business now so I work from home and work the hours I want. 

Financially and practically it makes sense, the only thing you have to consider is the difference in the positions (job security, advancement opportunities, stress, the people your work with etc.)
Welcome to the world of small projects becoming large projects. I see from the first picture that you hate yourself because you are eating a hot and ready pizza from little caesars. I too have to remind myself occasionally that I hate myself.

First and foremost, if you are going to try to match the texture you just bought yourself a full ceiling repaint. No way around it, and no matter what when YOU look at it you will see it. Others have described methods for matching the texture so I won't go into that. That ceiling doesn't look textured as much as it looks like it has been painted with a roller five times. The issue is that even getting the texture from rolling it is going to be difficult. You might end up having to sand the entire ceiling - depends on how picky you are on getting it to match.

If it were me I would probably let it stay like that for about three years until my wife threatened to hire someone to do it. Then I would end up repainting the entire house over a six month period....just enough to keep her "happy", until she gets fed up with the next thing. The important thing here is to not set expectations too high because then she will just want more more more.

Or... you can cover it up. Put some lighting or a small boxed out crown molded fancy looking thing there. That might look weird since you don't have any other crown in the room. If you have access to the area above I would just nail a 1x6 over the area and pop in a few small diameter LED lights. It may very well look intentional and will add lighting - which is almost never a bad thing in an older home.

Good luck though. I've had these projects turn into "well if we're going to repaint the ceiling, we might as well paint the cabinets and if we're going to paint the cabinets we might as well do the backsplash, and if we redo the backsplash then the floor won't match and we will need new appliances and while we're at it fuck it lets just buy a new car because we need to transport all of this shit from Lowe's and if we get a bigger car we can take like 40 trips instead of 50."


Either take it up (solvent chemicals and a lot of scrubbing/pressure washing OR grinding the concrete) or cover it up.

Easier solution is to probably cover it up. Rubber flooring might be your ticket here.


The shower valve will come with a plastic piece mounted on it that should end up flush with your finish (there is some play usually). The question is how far off from the wall is the shower kit? It is likely that the plastic sits flush with the backer.
First - next time you install flooring cut the door jambs up a bit and slide the flooring under.

Now that isn't an option...so caulk those badboys nicely and call it a day. If you do a good job nobody will ever notice.
Either paint the whole wall(s) or let them charge you for repainting. It is almost impossible to get patches like this to match. Even with the SAME exact paint (like the same can) I have had trouble getting the color/sheen/texture to match after a year or so. Its just the way it is.
Real talk. Run the post into the ground.
Cut the joist, scab in a cross joist. Replace the post with a new one and a concrete footer.

You CAN splice a 4x4, but the reality is that it requires you to make a precise cut on each 4x4, join them using steel plates and bolts....and by that time it cost more and takes three times longer than just replacing it.

Visual for you in case my words don't make sense.

https://imgur.com/a/e1zYOCv

Source: Engineer and DIY homeowner
This looks nice. I like that you didn't pour a slab...if there are issues with piping in the future it'll be nice to not have to take up concrete.

I think barn doors will be out of fashion in a few years, but that's just like my opinion,man.
Not so sure I follow everything you laid out here but I'll give it a shot.

Noted as layer #1 is 1/4" plywood? Are you sure it isn't 3/4" plywood? If it's only 1/4" plywood your 2x4 support spacing would need to be like 6" on center. Even then I would place 3/4".

What you're looking for is self leveling concrete. I just used this in my bathroom renovation so I know all about it! They sell it at Lowe's/Home Depot in 50 lb buckets. You'll have to figure out how much you'll need based off of the average depth etc.

Steps are basically:
1. Clean the area
2. Tape/seal all areas that may come in contact with concrete
3. Apply primer
4. Pour self leveling concrete (pay attention to mixing guides on product but make sure you mix it on the wet side so you don't have to work it as much). When it hardens enough to walk on you may have to work it a bit.
5. Let it cure
6. Continue with hardie backer install (mortar and hardibacker).

https://www.lowes.com/pd/High-Performance-Cement-by-Quikrete-50-lb-Cement/50146060

If you are using large format tiles on uneven walls/floors I also am using a leveling system to help make sure the tiles don't have lippage. They say that it's to only "help" with imperfect tiles and minor differences, but honestly these things have saved me from some truly crappy uneven surfaces.

https://www.amazon.com/T-Lock-TM-Complete-lippage-leveling/dp/B01D2FQ3SM/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1524001767&sr=8-4&keywords=perfect+level+master+1%2F8

Pictures of my install:
[https://imgur.com/a/chvIG](https://imgur.com/a/chvIG)

Note that I did my self leveling concrete above the hardibacker. It was only where the shower pan was to be installed though.

Good luck!



This is an awesome transformation for $220 (plus probably $5000 in labor LOL).

Great job.  I just started using a wood filler product called Durhams water putty. It's super cheap, comes dry (you mix with water) and dries rock hard very fast. Maybe next time you fill holes like that try the water putty. I like it mostly because you can store it without worrying about it drying out.

If this paint job saves you from doing a full gut it was well worth the time and cost.
Sia is one of the cryptos that has a good basis for a value....which it can't realize at its current levels. 

How much revenue has Sia actually brought in?

It's the curse of these real world projects. Real world project = real world value. When you can actually value a crypto coin based off of things like revenue it draws the curtain back.
We do this all the time...because we like wasting money...keep the AC running and open the windows. When your house gets cool enough the AC won't run. If it is humid running the AC will also help knock down some of the humidity.
A fucking GAMESTOP! Holy shit. Pro tip: Either keep to smalls or go for broke. What do you think you are getting out of a gamestop, like $1000 in used gaming systems?
In the sense that the underlying assets have at least some tangible value...yes.

The stock market is also not quite as volatile as crypto.
The thing that I have trouble understanding is how you can justify taking a leveraged position in what is already undoubtedly one of the most volatile and unregulated markets..ever.

I know there is a lot of overlap with the poker community and the crypto community because...easy money right?

Imagine being dealt an above average hand, say 7-7. Now imagine that because you know it is above average you can decide to go blindly all in against a random opponents random hand AND you can bet 100x your stack size.  The board will be run say ten times, and if you lose on any one of the boards you lose your stack. Maybe you are ahead of most hands on a single run, and on average possibly on two hands....what happens when you run the board ten times? You lose your bet something >99% of the time, more than cancelling out the 100x leverage. 

Now imagine that its possible that the other party knows your cards and can pay the dealer to stack the deck, or just for specific cards to be removed from the deck, since it doesn't take much to change the results in a major way. You don't know if it's really true that this collusion is happening, but you aren't making this bet at a regulated casino, but an underground game in china town. So it's possible if not likely that the collusion conspiracy has merit.

The thing is you are already participating in something that is volatile, has close to no rhyme or reason and is a gamble in and of itself. Then there are people that say...yup...dump some gasoline on that fire, cuz fuck it. It's possible it works out for me.

Crazy world we live in.
Pressure washing the dirt from that may end up creating a huge mess. How deep is the dirt in the cracks?

For the low spots you can remove stones, compact gravel etc.

For the overall driveway you can remove the dirt in the cracks manually (with a pick or with compressed air or something) and fill back in with gravel/polymeric sand....or remove everything and start from scratch.
Yes that part was nice. Are you a reg? Started playing again about two months ago and I've been checking out poker rooms.

If I had to pick between Sugarhouse and parx I would choose parx. Parx has a site to check what games are going and how many tables. I didn't go further than the poker room and Geno's at Sugarhouse, but there was trash all over the tables at Geno's and the other dining options didn't look great. On the other hand parx had a few good restaurants.

I'm coming from Delaware, so travelling either way...parx is 20 mins more each direction. I'll be checking out other casinos also. Delaware park is all but dead during the week.

One thing that threw me was walking into a casino and smelling smoke. Granted no smoking in the poker room, but in Delaware there is no smoking inside period.
For a blind/deaf person this would be an easier challenge no?
I was just at Sugarhouse casino in Philadelphia. In the men's bathroom by the poker room at the sinks....they have mirrors sink to ceiling, and missing parts of the wall. On the other side of the mirror wall is another set of sinks. It threw me a bit. It looked like the men on the other side were behind me. And I was sober!
That's... a lot less expensive than I thought!
I'm not a DIY at all cost type of guy. You have to put a value on your time.

https://www.amazon.com/Depth-Round-Cylinder-White-8-Inch/dp/B006GK616K/ref=sr_1_7?s=lawn-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1523068425&sr=1-7&keywords=planter&dpID=31aO9%252BOrWSL&preST=_SY300_QL70_&dpSrc=srch&th=1

Talk to the owner of the rental. You are making a change to their property.
How expensive was the wrought iron? Looks awesome.
Somebody has to be last though...
We do Disney almost yearly, along with another big trip (usually hawaii or another tropical island). IMHO you can and should do these trips a lot cheaper so you can go on them more often.

Some pointers on Disney.

1. Flights can get stupid cheap if you pay attention and book out far in advance. From PHL/BWI we have flown for less than $100 round trip per person quite a few times. Usually on southwest (bags free) or with a credit card that gives us free baggage.

2. The hotels AT disney range from cheap to retarded expensive. We have stayed in the value resorts for less than $70/night. Yes, it means more time on a bus and the room isn't quite as nice...but over a week it adds up quickly. And how much time will you be spending in your room while your're at disney?

3. The meal plan is almost never worth the price, unless they have a promotion on it. You would have to max out the value of the meal plan for it to come close to just paying cash. Last time we went to Disney World with two kids in tow - we ate whereever we wanted - getting nice dinners and lunches (including california grill, ohana, character breakfast etc.) and for the FOUR of us I think we still slid in under $1,300 for the week. 

4. You can get groceries delivered to your hotel room from local grocers. They will often be in your room before you arrive.

5. As seen in the graph the ticket price per day doesn't increase much for longer stays. You can get a better value per day for longer trips. AND you can also have one or two days "off" from the parks. Well worth it on long trips.

Disney is only "expensive" if you don't do your homework and plan it out in advance.

Also check out /r/churning. For Disney you would need to use a points system like chase, but it's doable. You can also buy disney giftcards at say a grocery store when you have a 5% back card and cut your cost by 5%.
Sure. A few firring strips or hat track. Just get the thickness correct. Might be best to cut down some 2x4's.
Super cool. Nice that you involved your daughter. My kids are now 5 and 3 so I try to get them to help me with small things (like finish sanding).
Damn.....that's smart.
http://www.health.state.mn.us/divs/eh/asbestos/floortile/resft.html
IMHO asbestos exposure is overblown. Keep the dust to a minimum and you should be fine. Wear a mask. That's all the "professionals" do. You're not exposing yourself to it long term.
Colleged in Philly. Best steaks are from the food carts. One at Drexel had grinders with things like fries,pizza sauce, mozzarella sticks on it etc. I'd put those food cart steaks up against a fancy shop any day.
I'm not an apple guy...we always tossed the earbuds. I have some (old) nice headphones, both in ear and over ear. The apple buds are trash.
YES. for navigating simple menus quickly, with one hand and precision. Honestly I think apple will bring a retro version of this back and it will be very popular.
oscillating/multi tool is a good idea or you could get a nice trim hand saw. 

I always end up with weird angles with  the multi tool. That can be fixed with caulk, but a a hand saw lets you control the cut better.

https://www.amazon.com/Shark-10-2205-Trim-Detail-Double/dp/B000078ONO/ref=sr_1_4?s=power-hand-tools&ie=UTF8&qid=1521861099&sr=1-4&keywords=trim+saw&dpID=31kTgHoHqQL&preST=_SY300_QL70_&dpSrc=srch


Best device ever. I still use mine at the gym. Have replaced the battery and thought about doing this mod, but it already has 30gb of storage and I can get a weeks of workouts on a single charge.

The click wheel just can not be beat.
I want that shop. Wowza.
That... doesn't look like the same location.
It's hard to believe that people don't understand...but I'll try to help.

MOST if not an overwhelming majority of the volume you see on an exchange is bots, performing mulitple buys/sells per day/hour minute.

Let's say that in the overall market on any given day there is $20M entering and that holds prices level at $10,000/btc, or 2,000 btc. Now there are 35,841 btc exiting over two months for about 600 additional btc/day.

$20M/ 2,600 btc = $7,692/btc.

This is of course over simplified but is a high level view of the concept of supply and demand.

The big concern that I have is that the liquidity isn't there (demand) and that "dumps" of this nature drive the price action that much.
This looks awesome! A couple of points:
1. You should have removed the topsoil and placed stone/sand subbase for the pavers. You can fix this later, but it will be a mess.
2. Based off of the number of trees I see you just made your leaf removal a living hell. I am in the same situation. Next house we buy - NO TREES.

Good job though.
Buy a trailer. Live in trailer while building house. Consider the seasons and elements. Try to get the shell built in one year (April to October). Have friends that are in the trades.

You can do it. Your life will suck, but you can do it.
That or your kids got smart. " Totally $3.50 per lunch now"
> In a college apartment in Philadelphia I encountered a truly no-stud wall.
> 
> My then girlfriend (now wife) was having me install a hanger rod in her closet. I used my stud finder to no avail. I tried magnets - nothing. I ended up getting some toggle bolts and figured that I would try to hit at least one stud...
> 
> When I drilled through the drywall to put the toggle bolt in, some light came through. 'That's weird' - I thought. I went around the corner to see If I had gone through the wall to the other room - I HAD!
> 
> Turns out the "wall" was literally just a piece of drywall, 1/2" thick. On the other side was the living room. They somehow anchored it at the ceiling, floor and other walls.

Replying here with my response from below:

In a college apartment in Philadelphia I encountered a truly no-stud wall.

My then girlfriend (now wife) was having me install a hanger rod in her closet. I used my stud finder to no avail. I tried magnets - nothing. I ended up getting some toggle bolts and figured that I would try to hit at least one stud...

When I drilled through the drywall to put the toggle bolt in, some light came through. 'That's weird' - I thought. I went around the corner to see If I had gone through the wall to the other room - I HAD!

Turns out the "wall" was literally just a piece of drywall, 1/2" thick. On the other side was the living room. They somehow anchored it at the ceiling, floor and other walls.
Stud is likely directly to the left or right of the outlet, assuming they installed it with a new work box at the time the wall was built.
What you're looking at is a small amount of bitcoin added to these accounts in the same block.

1. It has NOTHING to do with them "buying" bitcoin. When you buy bitcoin (on an exchange) it doesn't transfer to your wallet automatically.
2. "At the same time" ...bitcoin works on processing blocks, which happens....at the same time!

Possible explanations:
1. Someone is fucking around,
2. Someone is testing a new feature.
3. They all belong to the same mining pool, that distributes like this.
4. It was OP.
5. ???? 

Anyway, interesting observation, but NOT accounts purchasing at the same time.
In a college apartment in Philadelphia I encountered a truly no-stud wall.

My then girlfriend (now wife) was having me install a hanger rod in her closet. I used my stud finder to no avail. I tried magnets - nothing. I ended up getting some toggle bolts and figured that I would try to hit at least one stud...

When I drilled through the drywall to put the toggle bolt in, some light came through. 'That's weird' - I thought. I went around the corner to see If I had gone through the wall to the other room - I HAD!

Turns out the "wall" was literally just a piece of drywall, 1/2" thick. On the other side was the living room. They somehow anchored it at the ceiling, floor and other walls.
Holy shit. That's eye opening.
Should have put blockchain in the name. Would have got a few billion.
Find the shutoff valve for that branch. If you can't find one, find the one for the main. If you can't find that find the curbstop (outside buried valve) for your house.
Looking good. Is there only one bathroom or is the other one in good shape? I'm going through a master bathroom reno now, we are fortunate to have another 1 and 1/2 BR to ...bathroom in.

You'll get used to finding surprises. Every time I start a project I make a schedule and multiply by three. Open up a wall on day one and start scratching my head.

Tip for the linoleum in case you didn't know. A heat gun helps with the adhesive.
They committed the cardinal sin. They have a working product.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzAdXyPYKQo
Not all the team is from Austin. Also this way they can use the dev fund for a free vacation.
Mine is about this high... different reason. Kids have grubby little hands.
Got it. Thanks.
Thanks. This is what we will go with to begin with. If it trips often and is a pain in the rear to reset (opposite side of the house), then we will switch it out.
The obvious answer is yes. The alphabet is in alphabetical order. Would it be in numerical order?
I'll see myself out.
> ad a vital bug in their exchange which was easily exploited by several users. This has been evident and documented by a few which confirms this theory. NANO wasn't the only affected coin for this exploit. Ethereum was especially exploited among others.
> 
> NANO has huge bounty payouts for any bug detected in their protocol and has been thoroughly reviewed by many where as no critical security flaw or exploit has been able to be detected.
> 
> If this in fact were to be a problem with NANO itself, it would've been present in wallet to wallet transactions as well. There's not a single report about this being the case.
> 
> So this to me seems very convincing that this exploit and theft really has nothing to do with NANO. This is where I'm getting concerned.
> 
> This whole shit show has obviously sent NANO plummeting in sats. Which is expected because of the artificially created FUD that reached a global audience.

Wait what? Double spending does not increase supply. The point is that one of the double spend recipients gets shorted.
So like, over 30 years?
I think the hack damages trust in the communities that could most use nano - Venezuela, Brazil etc. 

For us sitting in our homes in developed countries it's a tough hit if you had funds on bitgrail. For those in developing countries it may have been their life savings.
You are selling to another buyer...not Binance. Binance is an exhange that facilitates in trades. They don't buy the other side of the trade.
How does the market get rid of tether at this point? Unless Bitfinex is willing to trade them back for dollars or bitcoin and ultimately end up holding all of the tether there will be bag holders right?

I understand what you are saying..but banning something just drives it more underground.
Serious question. How much Nano do you think you will collect?

My guess is somewhere in the low hundreds of thousands. Honestly I don't think it will be worth the effort in the end.
You pay fees along the way to purchase req. It's not free.
This sub doesn't seem to understand how far off mass adoption of crypto is...if it ever comes to fruition. AND in what way....

Try explaining to ANYONE how to transfer an ERC20 token, how to set the gas limit/price etc. Even tech savvy people would have a legitimately hard time understanding it.

My guess is that the governments of the world will end up tokenizing their currencies, based off of the technologies that are being built and researched now by those active in crypto now.  

As far as the utility tokens go...hopefully those remain decentralized and provide value.  If you were to do an actual valuation on these tokens now you would be hard pressed to find usage outside of the pretend economy that we now operate in.
Srs question. Doesn't the mining provide a cost basis for the price?

If it doesn't cost anything to secure the network, won't the cost of transfers decrease therefor dropping the value of ether?
Turns out the volume was double fake - it was based off of coins that didn't exist AND and coins being dumped on other exchanges t cash out.
Well there's 4M total. So there is some hope of partial payout.
Probably less painful than buying it at $0.001 and not cashing in on those gainz.
That would add up if the withdrawals were from the hot wallet.
also trungwer2
There are links to bitcoin exchange sites.
Possible they used mercatox as a wash though and just deposited and then withdrew.
Not sure on the reasoning for the tweet. XRB transfers are instantaneous. It's possible that he has the key in a safe deposit box or something. Who knows...
It's funny. I looked into COSS before it mooned. I even posted on the subreddit about the exchange. 

Someone in their subreddit posted something about their dividends...which were almost entirely in COSS.  It's a hedge bet at best...it doesn't seem like their developers have the motivation to make a well functioning exchange.
Check out some block chain projects based off of eliminating this issue. Even for packages that change hands multiple times during shipment. Modum, waltonchain, vechain...there's probably six or seven.

Modum has a working product that is being used for temperature monitoring of pharmaceuticals.
Whaaaaa?

You think companies as they stand today won't exist in 40 years because of some code on a computer "decentralizing".

Some things need centralization.

I had over 100 Xbox one s consoles last year...was buying them for around $100 a pop (new) and reselling them. Why couldn't this happen then?

Before I get a million messages - it was a crazy deal that I took advantage of and doesn't exist any more.
Do some sexy time with hot wax (candles)...then bust out the wax strips.
Sure thing. Send me your bitcoin and I'll give you the equivalent amount in mooncoin.

Not all currencies are created equal. The purchasing power of the dollar remains constant over short periods of time.

Here's another one for you. When bitconnect exit scammed they paid out everyone in bitconnect tokens. That's cool though right because it's backed by crypto!
That doesn't work though... First off those aren't all their coins, they are owned by people that deposited there.

Secondly....you can't back crypto with crypto. If btc tanks to $0, guess how much all of the other crypto is worth since it is traded in btc? Obviously an extreme case, but you get the idea.
What program did you use to obfuscate your personal information? I'm looking for something like that.
They both somehow managed to have less hair as adults. It all fell down to their faces.
Yeah....but this is a perfect reason to use private chains. There are a couple of reasons. First, think about those that can extract the data from these chains and the type of advantage they will have on the market. Second, you probably live in a first world country where you won't be punished for making certain investments.
Sure. Waiting for a bottom or buying on the way down.
Maybe for YOU.I would wager that for most people its about making money (in fiat).
Well...aside from any other time values were below what they are now. So any time before November 2017?
This didn't age well.
Sure, here's your $100k in Nano...now worth $63k. Have fun spending your $48k in Nano.
This. The velocity and congestion of the network prevents cashouts during crashes. Double edged sword.
Only the FIAT onramp exchanges matter in this case if you are correlating the correction in fiat dollars.

It could be argued that the exchanges that are not FIAT onramps closing registration would increase the price of say Bitcoin as those exchanges undoubtedly liquidate crypto for fiat close to the rate that they accrue it.

I guess you COULD say that a user won't buy Bitcoin if they can't register at binance to trade for altcoins, but I think that is a stretch.
25% chance nodes get messed up. 25% chance we crash binance completely. 50% chance of moon.
This type of mentality is both good for crypto (creates scarcity) and bad for you as an investor.

If something is going down the tubes let it go.

If you could extract $40/coin out of bitconnect before it goes to $0 why wouldn't you?
I tend to agree, and I'm a bagholder as well. This is the first interview that I saw with Colin. He may be super intelligent, but a little more confidence in the answers would be reassuring. He seems a little TOO laid back. I'm not sure the interviewer/location of the participants helped my mindset.

Either way good to see that they are getting out there and helping spread the word.
You just helped my point! Normies won't do that!
Real talk. If you don't want to see red then put all your money in Fiat. 
Chad. It's always Chad.
I've been reading 1 Doge.
"Yes. 1 USDT is backed by 1 USD. ...

The remaining two billion USDT are backed by pokemon cards."
I mean....you kind of have to agree with this though right?

Crypto-CURRENCY purchases.  A cash equivalent should be charged as a cash advance right?
The biggest issue I have with ETH is that it is NOT user friendly. Try talking to anyone outside of crypto about gas/gas price/ wei...

Fee's are fees but when they are dynamic and depend on a lot of factors for transactions to complete....people lose interest very quickly.

I believe that's why people are optimisitc about xrb,xlm etc. Zero fee, or a set small fee are easy to understand.

Actually got mine.

Holy shit! These guys have some balls. How do you liquidate that...I guess cash? Are there fiat on ramps that DONT require KYC?

I guess they could wash it through Monero.
LOLLLLLL.  Coins currently listed by mcap rank: 1,2,4,8.

ZRX:33
GNT:63
REP:40
...

I'm just going to stop there. Also...

This account was created today and begged for upvotes to be able to post.

Yes.
Imagine how much they paid for it...
Hey guys...we'll make this thing non-profit. All we have to do is sit down once a year and give ourselves bonuses equivalent to what would be profit!
It did on BG. Gotta be willing to gamble a little to get them cheap XRBs.
These guys are all on eachothers boards...its a big circle jerk of billionaires. Wouldn't read into it too much.
Do people really think BITGRAIL caused a dip in the crypto market? Normies dont even know what binance is...
Well, I don't think it would go lower than $0.
It's either good news....or bad news. We won't know until the goodies or baddies tell us.
You have a two? Go fish.
I know right? 16GB is only like 30 minutes of 4k porn.
I bought it when it was like $800. They did give me a fancy VR thing that is collecting dust.
Sometimes people just want to blow money to have cool stufs.
I have six ferraris in my ferrari account. I can not walk. Old man.
What's an ethereum? AR is automitic rifffle, VR is virtual Riffle.
By reddit standards...32 is old.
WELP. Time for a new reddit account. 
32... By Reddit standards a dinosaur.
I told you I'm old. Augmented reality and virtual reality equal same to me. Also my son plays angry burds. Need pixels for that.
.....
Like dis? https://imgur.com/gallery/6GKJK
Because I can. Plus those VR sticker things...used them once. My four year old son likes star wars.
Have a pixel, part of the 0.7%.  I'm old so all I do is Reddit,text and email...and occasionally use the phone. I feel like after a certain point how much better can a phone get at those things?
*Pharmaceutical shipment monitoring industry.
Well... they are pretty much the same thing. But the fee will scale with the usage of the network. So if it were actually adopted I think the fee would increase on stellar. 

I believe the POW on raiblocks probably cost > $0.00001.

Here's where XRB differs from XLM. XRB is first and foremost only a currency. XLM has plans to support other things - which can slow down the network.

MOST importantly, XLM's distribution is all sorts of messed up. Both the outstanding coins and how much is held by what parties is worrisome.

Some people argue that an inflationary currency is better, and that's not necessarily proven, but I tend to agree with it....to be used as a currency something should inherently have stability. Technically even fiat currencies float against each other...but not as much as cryptos currently do. There is a DAG project upcoming that is going to try to address this, but I'll leave it to you to find it!
I am a tether fud freak...but the order chart here mostly shows sell orders above $1.00....
Don't know what you consider early, but I got in around $0.70 and doubled down around $1.30 (not sure what the sats were, but I am in the chat box of the infamous "what if it falls to 2k" screenshot!...so around 12k).

There are of course many more "early adopters" who got in at $0.10 or less.

I came across it after kicking myself for not investing in Iota. I picked up on iota early and didn't invest because it wasn't on "my exchange". My view on that changed - if you see something promising you have to take risks with the exchanges. Not that the concerns about the exchanges in this case isn't warranted....if you've used/had funds on bitgrail and/or mercatox in the past three months you know the pain I'm talking about.

Anyway the reason I doubled down was because there was a perfect storm of events:

1. btc went from 8k to 19k in what seems like a week. People were entering the market at an unseen rate - and it was around the holidays so i figured a lot of holiday table talk was about crypto.
2. The btc network got slammed and transaction fees were $30+ and took hours
3. ETH just happened to be getting hit with crypto kitties and fees were +/- $8 and transactions also took hours.

That led me to question what currency if any could scale to be instant and free,and decentralized - which is what I believe is needed for mass adoption....and it all led to XRB.  

I had read up on just about every coin shilled on reddit and the biggest issue I had was that they weren't DIFFERENT and BETTER than the current technology. Honestly I probably spend 50% of my waking hours looking for these gems in the rough. I kick myself for skipping over raiblocks even earlier than I got it over...the name. Yes, that is one of my criteria for selection. Anyway, looked at projects and asked how they were an improvement on the top coins in their category.

Privacy coins were hyped at the time, but were any really better than monero (maybe!)?
Platform coins were hype at the time, but were any really better than eth/neo (maybe)?
LOTS of currency coins, but would any be free, fast, decentralized? (Iota promised this, but at the time the wallet was causing people to lose money and a lot of people had funds locked up by the foundation). Raiblocks was this already.

I knew basically any fee would nix mass adoption, because frankly they are tough to understand. Even eth with the gas/gas price is way beyond what the typical person is going to understand. Free is easy to understand.

I was looking for a 100x, not a 3x.  Part of that was that it wasn't on major exchanges yet. That is actually now one of my criteria for looking for 100x-ers. A total 180 from when I didn't get into iota early.

Then after reading the white paper, given all of the above....I just kind of knew. It was a perfect storm of all of the above AND a bull run like no other. Every time i refreshed delta after I bought in and doubled down on the dip, xrb went up.

Anyway the answer you are looking for is research AND looking for gaps in the market or major improvements over current technology.


You put a lot of trust in other parties this way....also probably only good for small amounts.
No. But I got verified BEFORE account closure, so I transferred out and clsoed the ticket.

Suks because I missed the pump from 100k to 160k because I cashed to BTC in order to get funds out.
I mean...who has $400M sitting around?

No way this repayment comes quickly.
Everyone here realizes that for every contract written someone else is taking the other side right?

It's like your betting on the super bowl.  I bet the patriots win by seven points. Bob bets the eagles win/lose by less then seven points. The person taking the bets profits a bit...

There's always someone on the other side though.
Sounds good meng.
I'm looking forward to rai.exchange but you realize that the speed will be limited by the other trading pairs too? If you transfer in XRB and trade for btc...you still have to transfer out the btc. And in order for you to trade for btc someone will have had to transfer it in!

also...a dedicated XRB exchange exists right now - bitgrail (it's had its issues, but it has been a dedicated XRB exchange from the beginning.)
Sure...but consider that the volume comparison should be in BTC, not USD.

Since the price has gone up 40%, even at the same level of trading, the volume would go up 40%. Then add in the fact that XRB was one of the only green cryptos on the market and people will chase the gains.

So yes a pump may have been "due", but also consider the math and the circumstances.

I don't think the electricity statistic is correct.  To be fair don't you have to include the electricity of ALL of the running nodes on the network?
Everyone check your accounts! Verifications started posting again 1/26/18.
Approved 1/26/18.

Submitted the following on 1/8/18:

1. Drivers License  (US Resident)
2. Selfie with Drivers License
3. Utility bill (water) with name and address matching drivers license
Verification now coming through. I submitted three weeks ago, but some users say they submitted a few days ago and have been verified. Check your accounts!
Yes.
Edit: Replied to wrong comment.
Assuming a 0.2 percent cost per trade, 0.4 percent total.  $5500 worth or more and it's better to just pay the withdrawal fee.
Get eaten up by order fees along the way.
If I have one thing to be critical about it's the "deadlines". I learned this when working in my industry - civil construction. Don't promise ANYTHING and never give dates.

Even "soon" can be interpreted a lot of different ways. 
Revenue does not equate to profit. Maybe they have a 1-2% margin on their revenue? So $20M?

"Made". LOL.


Yes they need to hold USD. 

Why would you think its ok for them to hold the "btc" equivalent? Then tethers price should fluctuate with the price of bitcoin!
GDax has exactly zero fees if you use it correctly. 

Sell using a limit order. Send USD to your bank account. Done.
Have them pay. Refund bids that get beat. It's a lot of transactions, but should work.
I did a test transaction about two weeks ago....and every day since.  Every single transaction hits my bank account in one business day. It's almost faster than bitcoin at this point.
The future of cryptocurrencies is proof of stake, instead of proof of work. Ethereum is transitioning to proof of stake. My investments are all on proof of stake coins (except monero).

Proof of stake eliminates mining all together, because it is wasteful as fuck...

When the bubble pops these cards will go for ten cents on the dollar. Also the card makers stock will tumble. 

Raiblocks for the win. Look it up. First crypto with instant, completely free transactions on a decentralized network. It's proof of stake. Hopefully after the speculation bubble pops projects like raiblocks will rise from the ashes.
Very nice. Two questions.

1. What was the fee?
2. Why so many clicks? Seems like after the scan it should say approve/cancel and be done. Maybe a fingerprint confirmation or something...but it looked like a lot of navigation for a simple transaction.

Investors take a look at monero. Much more stable than most cryptos.
Take the exchange part out of it. How insane does this sound?

Hey guys, just want to announce my new cryptocurrency called USDF (USD FAKE). USDF will be pegged to the USD. I'll be able to create as much USDF as I want, and you should accept it for the cryptos you buy with your hard earned money.

I mean I won't ever give you a dollar for all of the USDF I create, because I don't actually have any dollars, but that's cool right? I mean it's not like I'm buying your btc with fake dollars and then selling them for real dollars....wait that's exactly what I'm doing. 

Also when the actual USD price of btc starts to fall too much, we'll just like print some more of this USDF because then we can act like people are buying it with real dollars, and it will stabilize the market....because we don't want the price of btc to fall too much, that would be bad for us...because we have all this btc that people gave us for nothing.

Lets just print more tether. Then each BTC should be worth like 50,000 tether!

Writing is on the wall people. Take profits now and ride on as long as you can, taking profits along the ride.

Tether actually works to stabilize the market as long as people still use it as if it is 1:1 USD. It's not a bad idea in concept, but it is purely being used for manipulation at this point.
Currencies don't need and shouldn't have partnerships.
You can name yourself as a delegate. There is no minimum stake. It's just best to name someone with a reliable node.
Qash will make the lack of liquidity even more apparent. Unless I'm missing something?

Excited for world book.
Pretty sure this is an argument against tether right? It was hard to follow.  At some point people will realize caketoken (tether) is not worth 1 USD, they become the bagholders.
Correct. When buying crypto you buy a digital token with fiat. What he is asking is how much fiat has been exchanged for digital tokens at this point?
I've seen estimates of $10B, but I don't think anyone really has the data on it.
If people consider tether to be 1:1 with USD aren't they selling though? They aren't hedging into another crypto that moves with the market. 

When the price falls to $5k and stays there and people start to exit with tether instead of buying back in it will be an issue!

I think you bring up a good point though that people are getting used to large dips in price. Which means that the large moves into tether are temporary right? Wait doesn't that mean that someone is hording tether? Exchanges? Why would they do that if it wasn't backed 1:1 by USD?.... If they could print more and prop up the price of the asset they do hold when someone trades for tether.

 I'm not making assumptions about the demand. It has been shown that very small amounts of selling can move the market price fast.
I think what you meant to say is that much money HASNT entered the market, but we act as if it did.
On an average day for an average investor right now you are actually the benefactor of an inflated price, and you do have liquidity. 


We're talking about what happens when the money coming into crypto slows or reverses. You don't see swings of the stock market of 30 percent quarterly because the liquidity exists there.

The issue is if tether is being printed faster than the volume of USD coming in and people are treating it as USD ( which it's not, you can't pay your taxes in USDT, or even buy groceries) it's propping up the market. Which means when the average person does go to convert to real dollars it makes the volatility worse...so now you need more tether to stabilize the price!

Distribution is a huge issue, and is exacerbated by the low liquidity. This is easily seen in small cap coins with low volume. I own a small cap coin...when I check my tracking app let's say it's price is $10. That looks great until I go to sell and there's only 10 coins worth of buys at $10, then  the next order is $8 for 10 coins....in order for me to sell 100 coins I might only be getting $5 on average for them. Same thing I think you were alluding to with whales and coin distribution.
I think it is more likely that the real dollars are deposited into an account...of an unknown entity. Maybe a portion is held so when people do exchange for fiat they can cover it.

The reality is they don't need to use the USD to buy btc when they can just print more tether to buy Bitcoin, and then sell them to people for USD!

It's no different than say Tron creating a currency, exchanging it for BTC and then cashiing out to fiat...except they can do it continuously and prop up the "price" of BTC directly while doing it.
What do they step out into? As the world works right now in order to take advantage of fiat, you need to cash out to fiat. 


If Tether as a company is willing to take all of the "buy side" so they hold all of the tether then great. Otherwise you are exchanging with another real person on the other side of the trade.

In other words if the tether was created without dollars coming in, the actual value of what you hold is based off of Monopoly money.
I'd like to see what happens when there is a run on USD from USDT.
It is until it isn't. The only thing you can say for sure is worth 1 USD is 1 USD. 1 DOGE = 1 DOGE.
Awesome. Still waiting on verification though for over a week. Bomber can you provide update on the verification backlog?

Also please keep withdrawals of XRB free! A lot of people will continue to use bitgrail just for this!
It's possible people are concerned about the state of the market and don't want for people to get burned?


It's almost like out of the large group of people on this subreddit some have different opinions.

I for one seek out opposing opinions and try to gut check myself. Sometimes you find yourself thinking about something differently after. 
 Echo Chambers are real, don't get complacent.
People say the issue is that it isn't backed by USD. That is an issue if true but for a different reason.

We are creating a false sense of liquidity. 

If btc is "worth" $10,000 on a fiat exchange it's because someone executed a trade at $10,000 for btc.  You can't just magically assume the same price exists because a real fiat buyer isn't executing the trade on the other side.

Even if tether has the crypto equivalent of the USDT issued, it doesn't consider the liquidity needed to convert to REAL fiat.

This is just another layer of the problem with crypto pricing. The major one being that people perceive value of their crypto holdings in fiat instead of the trading pair (btc primarily), and this is the most dangerous thing to the crypto economy.
Think about what you just said.

Everyone sells their btc for $10,000 USDT...the price continues to fall to $5,000 USD (fiat). Now everyone expects to be able to buy back at $5,000 USDT/btc but the supply isn't there so if all orders were executed at once it would still be $10,000 USDT/btc....but thats not the end of it. In a true market crash scenario people are sending their btc to fiat offramps to cash out. So now there is even less btc on the USDT exchanges driving the USDT price up while driving the USD price down.

The issue is the USD price and the USDT price are not correlated at that point.

Coin Market Cap needs to get away from even listing USDT pairings to show USD values.


The answer is none. Nobody uses any of this stuff but for speculation and trading.

Hopefully some real world adaption soon, but right now...nothing!
I agree that tether is blown up to be a bigger problem than it is, but that's because I believe deep down that there is close to zero value in all of crypto, not just tether.

But just think about what you said. Tether is likely backed by the cryptos traded into it....say btc.  The fiat value of btc is purely dependent upon the amount someone is willing to pay for it. As the value of btc goes down shouldn't the fiat value of tether also go down then?

Maybe we are on the precipice of a monumental shift in society. I like some of the technology in crypto, but I don't for a second think that it has an actual worth of the market cap we all covet. Crypto is gambling straight up at this point.

It is much more likely that we are all bag holders at the end of the day. Its why when people ask me about investing in crypto I provide the usual caveat of only invest what you are willing to lose, but also to actually cash out "gains". Gains are not gains until they hit your bank account. 
Like early adopters of any crypto currency?
It's easy to go up from a 60% fall.
Yes. I'll call it a wall when it's 300,000+ XRB.
Good idea. But third party gift card resellers exist for a reason, fraud. The seller can now spend the gift card before the buyer.

Also this process is way too complicated for the average user, but hopefully they can dumb it down.
In her emails were sign up documents for Davor. On to the next scam!
Devil's advocate.

If everyone agrees USDT is worth 1 USD that's good enough. There is not any utility to 99.99 percent of crypto beyond speculation. All of the other crypto you buy is based off of this same premise.

Who cares if bitfinex has the money to back it up? In the world of Monopoly money USDT has a use case which is to peg to the USD. All other crypto is created out of thin air also, it's just lines of code.

The only shady thing I could see is if bitfinex is using USDT to purchase other crypto themselves (not it's users ). It has been speculated this is the case but not proven.
Better sell 52 weeks before.
Patents are used to shelter IP, in order to profit from it.  Which means that if they patent something they intend to charge a lot for it?
Better do it a week before everyone selling a week before the people selling a week before the asians sell to be safe.
Good news! With the price dip it will take much less time now!
Second this question. I understand if they need AML and KYC information although I would have preferred it there was a heads up they were making that switch beforehand. I can kind of understand why there wouldn't be a notification though.

I submitted documents on 1/7 or 1/8 I believe.

I'd just like to know how much longer I'm potentially looking at so I can make an informed decision on whether or not to start dumping for btc and transferring out 0.5 btc per day. I would prefer to do it in one shot (with XRB or btc).

/u/thebomber9  Please let us know how long it is taking for verification. I understand why you have to do it, just want to know how long it should take. Thanks!
Vegas. Its about the spread baby.
Does a 1/300,000 cent fee really prevent spam? Not so sure...you can send 30,000,000 for the price of a cheeseburger.

The biggest issue I have with stellar is the total supply vs the circulating supply. It's...outrageous.

https://i.imgur.com/dbttnWs.png
It's not a bug ...it's a feature!

Honestly though Rai devs all over this shit. Down almost 50 percent from ATH. Going to moon when issues are fixed. Waiting to see if sell whale walls are bigger than vens on binance though, lots of big hodlers that got in early.
An admin from the site posted today that they would contact rai devs Monday for node fix....

Last time they opened xrb withdrawals it worked for a very short time period. There's something like 6M xrb on mercatox. Imagine the server load from people trying to get the fuck out.

Sorry you are in this situation. I sold for BTC and transferred off yesterday. It went through.
Surprising how high the values of these things go with not even a white paper
A lot of people are concerned with how long it will take mercatox to enable XRB withdrawals. The Rai devs have reached out to them and received no response.
So this confirms there are announcement**S** to be made? 

Honestly I don't like any form of announcing announcements - just me.
Link showing math for potential dividends? 

That's how this should be priced Right?
I'm not here to burst bubbles but I want to point out some things. I actually looked into Coss a while ago and was put off by the website, but I think it is improving. This post made me go back and take a second look as I like the idea of the token (similar to kcs).

1. Right now it looks like Coss is planning on charging a 0.2% maker AND a 0.2% taker fee.  Those are reallllly high, and will dissuade people from using the platform. The fees decrease based on the volume you trade per month? I think it's per month. It's hard to say as the website is unclear.

See section 16 here: https://coss.io/terms-and-conditions
See other exchange fees here: https://exchangewar.info/

In order to get traders to use the platform those fees will need to come down, which would of course lower the payout, but may balance out with more volume.

2. It looks like almost all of the trading is people buying coss right now. So your payouts are in Coss...which yield you more....Coss.  Hopefully this changes, but for now it's mostly just people buying Coss.

3. The exchange has been operational for a year? I just checked it out and either the books don't update on their own or there was literally zero volume.

4. The biggest issue I see with Coss is that it has large ambitions. This generally means poor results and a long timeline.

If they were to focus on one thing, get it nailed and move to the next I would feel much more comfortable. Exchange, then fiat on ramp, then merchant accounts etc.

As with everything in Crypto this is a gamble, which as the OP pointed out COULD pay off big. 

The above is meant to be constructive criticism (not FUD). I am actually long on COSS.

Hi op is this yours? I think PayRai may be the better move here? 


RaiPay sounds ....rape-y.
Anyone reading this that is looking for in ear headphones...I have a pair of triple fi ultimate ears 10. Broke them in and used them ONCE. Thought I was going to use them while working out. Turns out I don't work out.

They go for around $200 used. These are "Used" , but basically new. 
 5 XRB and they are yours. DM me if interested.

Great idea headphones.com , easy promotion for you!
Read again. Try this. I decide as a business to take a big gamble on xrb. I buy up 10M million xrb. I then start processing payments FOR FREE to businesses. They send me Rai I send them USD absolutely free. I eat the admin cost and the conversion cost. That stuff is costing me something, but I am not passing that fee along.... because I have a deal with a MAJOR chain of stores (like grocery or Walmart or something). Again, people buy stuff in store at market rate for xrb/USD with no fee.

By the way that major chain also bought 10 Million XRB before the announcement.

Guess what happened? We accumulated a lot of XRB, made an announcement that we would be accepting it at the store at market rate. And you can even buy XRB at the store with cash for no fee!

Smart customers realize that the price of XRB is likely to go up as the quantity is fixed. There is a buying frenzy. The price of XRB goes from $100 to $1000 in a few short months. Customers are really happy! People can't get enough of this stuff. If you bought in early enough you have your goods paid for ten times over and can spend your XRB without decreasing the FIAT value, it appreciates faster than you spend it. It is a viscous cycle....the price goes 100x in the next year.

People stop shopping at the stores competition because not only can they store value in XRB and get groceries cheaper, the store is able to creep prices down a bit because they are paying nothing for payment transaction on XRB.

Back to the payment processor business and/or the store. Who is paying the fee to convert to fiat? Well the first thing is we are providing that conversion in store for free. So our cost has gone down substantially from 3 percent to less than 1 percent. The XRB is actually lost at a 0.5 percent ( like gift cards)... 

But wait, what happened to our initial investments in XRB? Well at this point our investments are worth 500x our initial purchase price, and we are liquidating it to the public as we please in store/online etc. We own about 6 percent of the total XRB in the world and it appreciates faster than we need and it becomes worth multi billions or trillions of dollars.

See how it is possible that a payment processor or store might take that hedge?

I think this is much more likely to happen with a stores own crypto currency (say Amazoncoin or something).... But it's possible with existing cryptocurrencies also. 

As soon as businesses figure out all of the regulatory stuff you better believe they are going to do this. They would create their own economy essentially and have a huge advantage over their competition.
> Well the payment processor could take on the risk of the XRB fluctuation, and even buy insurance on it. If they can reasonably assume a deflation rate of say 3% they could accept the XRB and convert to Fiat instantaneously at no cost to the merchant.


 The OPs post had NOTHING to do with taxes.  

You put that in to the narrative yourself.  

The OP was suggesting that payment/fiat cards need to be integrated. 

MY POINT was that we need to build ways to make the payments FREE. Either the merchant accepts XRB straight up or the XRB->Fiat needs to be done free. This is the path to adoption.

How could this happen? Well the payment processor could take on the risk of the XRB fluctuation, and even buy insurance on it.  If they can reasonably assume a deflation rate of say 3% they could accept the XRB and convert to Fiat instantaneously at no cost to the merchant. 
This post had nothing to do with taxes?

No shit you have to pay taxes on your gains. The OP's post is about credit cards or ATMs to be able to withdraw fiat or spend fiat from XRB.
The whole point of adoption of rai is to have FREE transactions. I think that services that introduce fees may be useful in the short term as a stop gap but would also hinder mass adoption.
Then you haven't made anything yet unless your loan issuer accepts xrb.
What?
Well sort of. The liquidity would be INTO the trading pairs, and it would depend on:
A) If you want to own the other crypto
B) How good the buy book is for XRB

Ultimately need a fiat on/off ramp for XRB also.
Agreed. But I don't think everyone has balls of steel. We will see massive sells and walls on binance IMO.
Agreed, just trying to show that the resistance level of $30-$35 is pretty strong and may stick around a while.
They don't have their XRB on bitgrail right now! It's in their wallets.

Also the withdraw limit is now 10 btc.
They can trickle sell at the $30 range, but may be able to mass sell at the $26 range on binance. Liquidity is the key.
Not the case. Maybe they have balls of steel, but the 1M+ Hodlers have been holding steady.
Yeah I'm not even talking about 50k XRB. That was just an example. I'm concerned about the 1M+ hodlers. I mean holy shit, I would be siphoning off 30k per day and lining up a place in oahu.
Sell at listing on binance, buy the dip. Possibly get burned if it runs away from you. Otherwise find something else to trade into.
This is the trading subreddit.  Some people may be interested in trading strategies.

I have used this knowledge to increase my XRB holdings substantially over the past week.  There is a pattern here.

Sure if the Devs make an announcement today it may drive the price higher, but the same thing will hold true at the higher value.  IE large hodlers will dump.

If you are a buy and hold type of guy great. But even you have to have an exit point unless XRB actually becomes spendable.


https://raiblocks.net/page/frontiers.php?limit=1000

Take a look at that list. 17 Hodlers with 1M+ XRB, excluding the exchanges.
144 Hodlers with 100k+ XRB.
Hey Bruh. This is the trading subreddit. I'm trying to show a bit of insight into the pricing. We have been sideways/ decreasing for over a week now.  There are rally's that last a few hours and then they get pummeled back into the 150k range.  All I'm trying to say is that there are a LOT of large hodlers right now that may be trying to cash out a little.

Also very easy for these hodlers to put up a 300 btc wall.  You could have bought that 300 btc worth of XRB with ~$18,000 about seven weeks ago.


I'm not so sure you understand how market liquidity works.  Lets just say I wanted to sell 50,000 XRB right now on Bitgrail. I would need buyers for 50,000 XRB. So you have to go down the buy book and see where that is in comparison to the current price.

Current price = 0.00173 btc/XRB

Price to liquidate 50,000 XRB:
77.35 btc/50,000 XRB 

OR

0.001547 btc/XRB

And that's only 50,000 XRB.
Please upvote for visibility.

It is important to point out that the image in the OP is incorrect. Please reference the whitepaper. 

The Send and Receive blocks are asynchronous. The receive block can occur at any time after the send, but they do not have to occur at the same time. IE you do not have to have a node online in order to receive immediately.  This is the difference between pocketed and non pocketed transactions.

https://i.imgur.com/t4EfmNp.png
Looking for this as well. I can see a buy wall on the graph that doesn't show on the order book.
Did you figure it out?
I agree...BUT, whatever is going on has been haunting all exchanges that XRB is listed on. Seems troubling. Not trying to FUD, just want it to work.

When people want to use XRB because it sends "instantly"...if the exchanges can't execute the send "instantly"  they will either backlog or have a work around that they will ultimately charge the customer for.

Everyone seems to think Binance is going to be awesome, but wait until they find out Binance what type of withdrawal fee binance is going to charge.
got mine off amazon with a mag connector called mint cell!  Works very well.

https://www.amazon.com/Ledger-Nano-Cryptocurrency-Hardware-MintCell/dp/B071ZTF5PC/ref=sr_1_3?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1515208141&sr=1-3&keywords=ledger+nano
Honestly....absolutely nothing has been confirmed as far as a rebrand or a partnership.

XRB team has been extremely professional thus far. I don't forsee a partnership of any sort from XRB.


So bitgrail?
FYI. I donated ETH to the guy on discord giving out the BNB. He told me he was good for BNB though - but I already bought a TON of BNB to transfer to him or give out myself... I looked at the chart and felt it was a pretty safe bet it was going to go up after XRB won the vote so I kept it anyway.  Woke up to 40%+ gains on BNB. 

I literally made gains because I was trying to help pump the BNB vote. You can't make this shit up people. Crypto is crazy.


There's nothing stopping you from creating another account though. It's not tied to anything.

It's an issue that will need to get resolved.
I LAUGHED OUT LOUD.
First of Rai is a great name. Why change now that it is being recognized? It's unique!

Secondly I don't foresee Rai having "partnerships" of any type. That's just my feeling of the dev teams vision. I could be wrong, but I don't think I am. 
not enough.
Nice.

Unfortunately I just did the math and I don't think I could retire based off of my current holdings. That would be awesome though! 

 Should have gone all in at $1. Hindsight.  

Crypto has ruined me. I look at some of my other holdings that are ONLY 2x in the past few weeks and think, what's holding those fuckers back.

 Hope you get to retire!
This is almost surely against the rules of the subreddit, but here is my binance referral link:

https://www.binance.com/?ref=11981297

I have tried to contact the Development team on several occasions to post a referral link for themselves. My guess is that they can't or don't want to do that.

So there is my referral link. I will pay any and all fees earned on the account back into the Raiblocks dev account on a monthly basis (after converting all into XRB, helping drive the price up!).

They have 6M+ XRB in the account, but I'm hoping they start burning through some of that!

Here is a post from my post history from the AMA where I posted this suggestion (item #6):

https://www.reddit.com/r/RaiBlocks/comments/7ko5l7/colin_lemahieu_founder_and_lead_developer_of/drg6hfu/

Here is a DM I sent to Colin on discord (he did not respond):

https://i.imgur.com/yfeovv6.png
Also note in the DM that I have spent a few hundred dollars purchasing up domains that could possibly be used for phishing attempts (I searched for more, but some were already taken).

I truly believe in Rai, so click this is you feel the same. If not maybe the devs or someone more closely associated with Rai will post a referral link.
This is almost surely against the rules of the subreddit, but here is my binance referral link:

https://www.binance.com/?ref=11981297

I have tried to contact the Development team on several occasions to post a referral link for themselves. My guess is that they can't or don't want to do that.

So there is my referral link. I will pay any and all fees earned on the account back into the Raiblocks dev account on a monthly basis (after converting all into XRB, helping drive the price up!).

They have 6M+ XRB in the account, but I'm hoping they start burning through some of that!

Here is a post from my post history from the AMA where I posted this suggestion (item #6):

https://www.reddit.com/r/RaiBlocks/comments/7ko5l7/colin_lemahieu_founder_and_lead_developer_of/drg6hfu/

Here is a DM I sent to Colin on discord (he did not respond):

https://i.imgur.com/yfeovv6.png
Also note in the DM that I have spent a few hundred dollars purchasing up domains that could possibly be used for phishing attempts (I searched for more, but some were already taken).

I truly believe in Rai, so click this is you feel the same. If not maybe the devs or someone more closely associated with Rai will post a referral link.
This is almost surely against the rules of the subreddit, but here is my binance referral link:

https://www.binance.com/?ref=11981297

I have tried to contact the Development team on several occasions to post a referral link for themselves. My guess is that they can't or don't want to do that.

So there is my referral link. I will pay any and all fees earned on the account back into the Raiblocks dev account on a monthly basis (after converting all into XRB, helping drive the price up!).

They have 6M+ XRB in the account, but I'm hoping they start burning through some of that!

Here is a post from my post history from the AMA where I posted this suggestion (item #6):

https://www.reddit.com/r/RaiBlocks/comments/7ko5l7/colin_lemahieu_founder_and_lead_developer_of/drg6hfu/

Here is a DM I sent to Colin on discord (he did not respond):

https://i.imgur.com/yfeovv6.png


Also note in the DM that I have spent a few hundred dollars purchasing up domains that could possibly be used for phishing attempts (I searched for more, but some were already taken).

I truly believe in Rai, so click this is you feel the same. If not maybe the devs or someone more closely associated with Rai will post a referral link.





Source on the $7b? Serious.
Everything makes sense now.

2017 was the year of the fidget spinner. Came and went in the blink of an eye. Ripples logo is a fidget spinner. 

Ripple back to $.005 in 2018?
People are attacking you but I think you are right. For Mass adoption this stuff needs to be lights out easy. Like as easy as using Amazon.

Do you think your mom will understand why she has so many different addresses? That she can't receive to an address she sent from? 

Maybe iotas new wallet fixes those things. I hope so. It's been a shit show so far. I actually picked up on iota early on and was excited, but then started reading horror stories about people losing money from reusing addresses etc. Staying away for now.

I also think their leadership needs a bucket of humility. They write code (even if groundbreaking). I have worked at places where employees have the attitude of the iota devs. It is systemic, and bred from the top down.

Hope they get it together. Iotas vision is ambitious and futuristic. They are setting the table for a new type of economy and are likely to dominate it for a while as first mover. If they can figure out how to not put off users by  simplifying the use and get their devs to temper down it will go far.
But father apart geographically...with non uniform hardware....with differing latencies. 

We need to be realistic with the claims.
Pretty sure this is wrong. It was 7k tps on a test network. 

I'm sure right now we could not reach that. Just based off of latency between nodes it doesn't seem plausible.

BUT there's nothing saying a clever way of "sharding" or partitioning the network couldn't happen. You could set up sub networks or route to one of many node networks handling "up to 7k tps"
Are you forgetting that there are no fees for Rai? This system could and would be gamed full stop.

More importantly the philosophy from the dev team seems to be more laid back. I would be surprised if they ever announce anything like this, or a partnership or whatever. This doesn't mean a third party couldn't do it. If you read what Colin about his vision for Rai...to be a protocol like framework....it's one of the reasons I like this project. No gimmicks, just a functioning and (hopefully soon) easy to access and use crypto currency.
I'm not sure everyone understands how many things Rai got right.

1. Fast (seconds to do transaction)
2. Free (aside from cost of minor POW)
3. Decentralized network (security still questionable?)
4. Faucet distribution (only a few large holders)
5. No marketing, let product speak for itself
6. Devs are receptive, polite, and adaptive
7. No "partnerships". Yes I think this is a good thing.

Things missing:
1. Privacy? Possible mixer can be used
2. Quantum resistance? Can be implemented.
3. No inflation. Debatable if this is bad/good.
4. Representative leveling - I think this is being worked on.
5. Node incentive? Debatable also  - run a node if you have interest in the security of the network. Minimal resources needed right now.

Pretty close to perfect for a currency. If Rai isn't crypto 2.0 it will be something similar or a fork.

The second I see something is an ico or devs hold large buckets of the currency I click close and move on. The second i see ANY fee for a currency I click close and move on. The second I see partnerships I click close and move on (does the USD have partnerships?).

Rai isn't an incremental upgrade for crypto currency. It is a quantum leap.

When I see something better come along I will be the first to hit jump boat - right after Colin the main Rai dev.  He said it himself.

Shill me on these please. What boxes do they check that Rai doesn't?
Holy shit this looks complicated. How are these people not understanding that this stuff needs to be lights out easy for Mass adoption?
What? No.

If he has held ripple longer than a year when he trades for ETH that is the taxable event, where he realized the gains.

The ETH holding can be a wash (same in and out) if in a short period of time. No taxes on that.
The claimed 7000 TPS (Transactions Per Second) - while impressive, is untested and not proven. It is only theoretical and quite hard to attain especially because of my next (2) point.

**Agreed.**

The ledger (chain) size is already nearing 4GB with only a handful of transactions. It has no proposed mechanism for reducing this and if not taken care of soon - will drive XRB into the same scaling wall as Bitcoin.

**They have proposed pruning, but it is still being worked on.**

The PoW (Proof of Work) required is not only required for sending a transaction, but also for receiving.

**Correct**

You cannot receive funds if you are not online. Someone can send the funds, but they will show as pending until you become online and to the necessary PoW to 'pocket' them.

**The only issue I see with this is that it doesn't allocate to your representative if you haven't pocketed. Otherwise the funds are dedicated to receivers chain.**

There are a number of vulnerabilities and attack vectors that haven't been accounted for through a technical solution. A bug bounty is underway as well.

**Agreed. Hopefully any potential security issues get worked out soon**


It can only function as a currency.

**There have been some proposals for incorporating data into the mix, there are several ways to achieve this, BUT it is meant to function as currency, which I see as a selling point**

 It does not support data transfer, is not spam-proof, is not quantum-resistant and the network might become slower and slower with increased usage.

**I don't think ANY crypto is spam proof - including Iota. Iota has yet to prove this claim. They intially said "spam helps us" then they got spammed and were like "oh wait".

True it is not quantum-resistant, but it can be in the future.  

True the network might become slower, we shall see.

Good points you made and people should keep in mind that no tech is perfect at this point, DYOR**
It's meant to function as a free, instant, decentralized currency. It does all of that right now.

I'm long req....but the thing is as far as PayPal goes that there is a LOT of human intervention needed for bad transactions. The claims process is drawn out. On eBay if you are a trusted seller and used delivery receipt tracking you are generally covered against claims, BUT eBay/PayPal charge very large fees to cover those claims.
How would crypto be fdic insured? You are your own bank. 1 btc= 1 btc always. Who would insure it in USD?

Bitcoin is just paper? Wait....isn't it meant to be pretty much paperless...so you don't need a "voucher"?

What did I just read?
They keep profits on appreciation ? Where did you read that. 

You put up collateral,get loan, pay off loan, get collateral back. If btc has appreciated you now have the same amount of BTC. What am I missing?
Think about the liquidity this provides and the chance to hold your coins while taking fiat.  If you truly believe your coin value will go up compared to fiat, you can live off of the loan and then have the loan and interest paid off by the underlying assets.

For those with big balls it creates another margin trading or multiplier effect.  Post crypto as collateral, get USD....buy more crypto with USD.....rabbit hole.

> Oyster Pearl

Cool concept, but I actually think that most people don't even mind ads any more because they are in one of the two groups (ignores ads or uses adblock).  Hard for me to get behind but I hope it is successful.

I'm going to second this as a low market cap pick. It is not a technical project (IE not necessarily "new technology", but one that deserves attention)

They are trying to address P2P trading - something that is critical in developing countries and places where people trust the fiat currency less than crypto. It's kind of difficult for some to understand, but even a crypto that can lose 70% of its value in one day can be more stable than fiat in say Venezuela.

One of the goals of Hawala is to make P2P crypto exchange dead easy, which is needed for mass adoption, and it looks like they have some apple-esk design skills (take a look at their website). 

The point is to make it as easy as humanly possible, and this is one of many projects that has the potential to do that. I do not think the ease of use requirement can be overstated. These projects are critical to the crypto community.  Regular people can't deal with crappy wallets, ten different exchanges etc. Projects like Hawala will be the ones that make or break crypto, as much as we love the other technical ones.

Disclaimer: I hold a small amount of HAT. I had to use etherdelta to get it though!
HAT


Hi CFB I agree that raiblocks needs an audit. But I believe this post to be complete FUD.

Those lads at MIT found a critical issue with Iota came to you devs discreetly right?

Why wouldn't you perform your attack on the testnet?
So if I make a post like this tomorrow will people tip me?
I'm just messin, I made a tipping account a while ago.  Put 3 XRB in it at the time. That was ~$2.00.

Now it's worth $15!
edit: $16
edit: $22
edit: $24
I use TWO clipboard tools that are awesome, one of which would have saved your but here:

Ditto

It simply saves your clipboard history.

The other is Greenshot. Look it up also. Makes taking/editing/posting screenshots instant and easy.
Hopefully they have SOME interest in it and they were cool with this, otherwise ...wtf?

At this point there are about ten hoops to jump through in order to get rai back to fiat.  For a couple bucks they may never do that. Maybe Rai hits $200 per in a year and it makes it worth it though.
2020 is a long way off in the cryptospehere. Who knows where we will be even a YEAR from now?

Worth a shot I guess.
This. I get excited to think that there are people sitting on a handful of rai that will pay off big for them! Hell even at todays going rate 1 XRB would be near half a years pay for one of them!
I agree with you for technical projects, but hawala is basically just an idea that has a token as backing. Not much different than say modum or something.
Ok idea, but maybe just have a minimal amount of crypto and actually transfer it.
Hawala.today
Hawala.today
People like to hate in it because it is fake, and that competes with the other fake cryptos they invest in.
Everyone has different goals when investing in this speculative space. If you have reached your goal, cash out. A lot of people will say you should leave some skin in the game, and that would be my strategy, but if you have reached your moon and the additional money from future investments wouldn't impact the way you live your life get out.

It sounds like you are driving yourself mental reading the news. If you can't tune that out then the money you have in crypto obviously means a lot to you. If cashing out does nothing other than bring you sanity it may be the right thing to do.
Civil engineer. Just started my own company. Working 20-30 hours a week,mostly dicking around.

Was a project manager for a construction companie(s) for the past 8 years, also pulling in $100k+ in a moderate COL area.  Had multiple offers for ~$150k/year and decided to leave and start my own company.

Wife is a pharmacist.

Kids are spoiled.
Let me know when it hits $1000. Hodling til then.
Are people still sending that wallet btc?
I think what is really overlooked is the confirmation time. It's seconds with raiblocks. While other coins may process that many transactions on average over the day, it takes a lot of time for confirmations.
Hope it turns into a lambo for you!
your seed can be input on the online wallet. Click on:

Sign In -> Recover your wallet with your seed.
Hawala.today has over 4500 people on their telegram.  They also have a lot of bounties.  I wouldn't put it past them to reward people with coins to pump the vote - which is their prerogative.
This is also where I get heartburn about the pruning thread where people say "Nobody should have less than 1 XRB in a wallet" and such.  It's possible that you could have 0.5 XRB and that's everything to your name!
THIS. I love the idea that one day a guy might say....wait XRB is at $100???! I have a few of them left over!
I wonder at which point will representative nodes NOT have the full ledger.  I would expect that to be a LONG time off.

Local nodes, sure. But they rely on the representative nodes to get it right.
Here's the thing about USDT - it's a scam. It has no working product, the team isn't visible.....wait, you can say that about half of the coins that get shilled here.

I know the premise that people think it needs to be backed by a 1:1 ratio of USD is out there, but I don't think that's necessary. If it can work as a temporary transfer medium reflecting the dollar why not let it?  

BHH...BHHH..BUT!

Seriously there are many more projects with much larger market caps (not necessarily volume) that are complete vapor.

Use it for what it is.

How many of you moved money into USDT over the dump in the past week?
bitgrail is pretty much a dedicated XRB exchange am I right?
Oh fuck...am I vegan now?
Check out Raiblocks. XRB.

It's what bitcoin wanted to be all along. No fees period. Very fast (transactions in 10-15 seconds).

If there is a future payment system in crypto it will be Raiblocks or something similar.
Check out Raiblocks. XRB.

It's what bitcoin wanted to be all along.  No fees period. Very fast (transactions in 10-15 seconds). 

If there is a future payment system in crypto it will be Raiblocks or something similar.
I think the "open account"  POW needs to be increased by a large factor.  I only need a few accounts compared to the amount of transactions I will be performing.  

This should help with people creating many, many accounts right?
I don't mean to take away from this accomplishment, but this type of headlining is what the crypto community takes issue with.

Everyone please read the website/release. Japan is tying to become a hotbed for the cryptospace, so they are basically starting an development program in hopes to attract these businesses to japan. They had (40) applicants and chose (8) participants. The others are listed below:

Factom, Gatecoin, Igloohome, Iota, Lykke, Platin, Xain AG, Tempo.

We don't know why they chose these applicants over others, but my guess is that they were looking to cast a wide net in terms of promising technology and also get projects from different areas of the world.

Yes this will provide Iota (along with the other seven participants) exposure to some of the companies listed, but its a stretch to say that they will be WORKING ALONGSIDE of them.


Check out the website. Not much detail given to the coin yet, but looks interesting. Plus you can throw down a couple hundred bucks and grab a good amount of coins. Low cap on coins.  It's a gamble, but I think it will at least 10x in January after they release deliverables and then it will catch people's eye.
These days you have to be willing to really research projects, and when you come across something with low market cap just take a gamble on it.  Only about 5% of the projects out there even have something unique.  Not necessary to be unique to be successful, but it's a big part of it.

Go on CMC, sort by market cap in reverse order. Start reading.  Most projects take less than a minute to cross off your list. You're lucky if a <$10M Mcap project has a functioning website.  After you find four or five or those plop down a small percentage of your holdings and just let it ride.  Four of the five may go to zero, but hopefully the last one goes 50-100x. Rinse and repeat.  
Hawala.Today
100x sleeper.


I think xlm is due for a pump anyway. Its under $1. Seems to be the trend.
it did a few weeks ago!
This guy is right. Low value coins have been getting pumped. Even Dogecoin has had two pumps in the last week. I agrees with you that smart money is interested in MCap, but this is the new crypto...


End game is that if we want it to be actually used as a currency that retailers will run nodes. Also consider the load on the nodes are much, much smaller than most currencies.
bots and whales propping up the price on the books at gdax so they can milk suckers.
I don't think there is ONE point of crypto, I believe at this point there are many  ideological and practical problems trying to be resolved.
see my post about "a clone of some sort". As the clones pop up I will be watching them closely.

I am super excited for Raiblocks and think if it is all it is supposed to be it will be the default payment crypto...until the next big thing comes along. We have to realize that this is technology - there is always something better coming down the line and that's good for us - the users.

The issue with most of the big coins right now is that too many people have a lot of money (investors, miners etc) in them and don't want progress, they want more money. I understand that because I am here to make money also, but like to think I'm open to newer and better things.
Its almost too good to be true. Read the whitepaper if you haven't.  It's very well thought out.  If Raiblocks isn't the "next" iteration of a payment coin, it is likely to be a clone of some sort.
Did that work? I'm not sure that I got the command correct.
!tipXRB 0.01
try it out yourself
I can see that argument. The transfer cost is probably not significant for large qty btc holders, which dictate the market, but is for small holders. The scarcity of the btc on the market is partially driven by all of the btc moving between wallets etc, and because it is inconvenient to do. When you see a minor correction you may be inclined to hodl because by the time you make your transfer the market will have corrected or has already nosedived so your btc is worth a lot less.

The way I look at it is that if XRB is really as good as it says, my local wallet is only seconds away from an exchange, effectively meaning I don't have to keep my xrb on the exchange, but can utilize it instantaneously if needed. This is a short term case use of xrb. Bots will take all of the arbitrage situations, and someone will figure out how to anticipate movements purely based off of xrb traffic.

Honestly though it may as well be Monopoly money. What I am excited about is that it may be possible to actually get the world working with xrb or a clone of xrb, or the next xrb. We are pushing the standard forward and  if everything is secure etc, we have a real shot of making the turn. People and business are going to be more open to making the transition the more familiar it is to them, and the more advantages crypto has the better.
1. Can you implement split representation within a wallet? This feature would need to be used for the exchanges since they keep a large portion of XRB in their wallets, which is concerning because they are likely their own representative node also.

2. What measures are being taken for balancing out the representatives? ...I'm thinking someone needs to start tracking the reps for uptime and speed - take the top 500 and start assigning those in the wallet by default starting with the one with the least amount represented.

3. What progress is being made for possible spam attacks as defined in the whitepaper, both for the precomputed POW and >50% attack (asking because of concerns with the representative distribution per above).

4. Have you reached out the the MIT group that found the security flaw in IoTa's code to see if they could do a review on XRB?  

5. What types of bounties are being considered at this time?

6. I know Raiblocks can't say anything about what exchanges you are going to be listed on, BUT, let me say that if it is a certain exchange rhyming with Dinance, it would be wise for raiblocks to set up a referral link to get some money back for helping with listing fees etc.  Even if it isn't "Dinance" you could set up a referral link in case it is someday :)

7. Is it possible to have web services nodes spin up on demand as needed? If someone would implement this I am sure the community could help with the costs of this service as it may be needed during high growth times (hopefully coming soon) as more people try to set up wallets/nodes. 

8. Right now a LOT of the support questions are due to the wallet syncing (which may be more rate limited by hard drive speed?). Will the new wallet(s) be light nodes (AKA no full sync needed?


Excited to see where raiblocks ends up...and forget about those complaining about the name/logo etc., I LIKE IT AS IS.


While I believe XRB was only designed as a currency, there is no reason a second layer couldn't do what iota is planning.
In the same spirit..."scalability" should be "scalable", right?
I don't agree.  Let devs work out known kinks right now (desktop wallet sync, light wallet update...possible defense of spam attacks). THEN hopefully we get listed on a reputable exchange (Not Bit-z??).


Or the inevitable KINGDEUCEOFF /KINGDEUCE0FF.  I think you should be able to SAVE addresses of your own..but that gets tricky too if they want to change addresses. There could be a lookup service.
I think some of the most important traits of XRB often get overlooked.

The rich list is thin. The two current exchanges hold the biggest bags (they combine user wallets into one large wallet). The dev fund is <5%. The next few are in the 4% to 2% range and it drops off from there.  The coin is distributed well. You dont have to worry about a whale with 20% of the total supply dumping. Is it possible that some large holders have XRB spread across several wallets..yes, but I'm thinking its more likely that nobody has a huge chunk of it.

This also brings up the faucet. Coins were distributed by participants solving captchas.  I would guess to say that MOST of the faucet was earned by people in developing countries. Most of that has probably been entered back into the market, but I feel great knowing that if XRB hits it big there may be some hodlers in developing countries that end up millionaires. I actually think adoption will be huge in developing countries (esp. those that have massive inflationary currencies) due to the fact that it has zero transaction fees.  $0.005 in transaction fees may not be a lot to you, but it may be to someone who only has $20 to their name.

Colin obviously thought about the implementation of each aspect of the currency...it is really what bitcoin was meant to be.

Biggest concern I have is security.  At this point the claims about XRB are ALMOST too good to be true.
But wouldnt the other team know your play then?
There is about a dozen of these coins. Hardest part is adoption. Average people dont want to buy a coin to pay for music service, for local/ indy artists. They want to pay $5/month for pandora.

Hope one works out but it is crowded.
Personal opinion here... I think we should devs some time to work out the issues they know about right now before getting listed on a MAJOR exchange. I'm not in a hurry to buy a lambo - there are some issues with the wallet (and possible mobile wallet) along with some contributions being made to get more nodes running.
bearish.
Bitcoin ($3500)
ETH( $200)
XRB ($500)
XRP ($1.25)
XBY ($0.00)

"Real people, real code, real byte".
Welp, sold me.

There might be money to be made here from the pump it inevitably has, but I'd be surprised if it isn't vaporware.
Fedora coin had $4k in volume yesterday and has a "market cap" of $44M. Don't you think the market cap comparison is a bit skewed?

"It's also a sale, not a purchase which is why it's in red iirc..."

Whaaaat?  You realize its a sell and a buy right.  There are accounts on both sides of every trade.
To be clear. You feel the need to patent something...and then open source it?
The other part of this is USDT worth USD if everyone says it is?

We base the value of other generated crypto's on what people are willing to trade for them.
Guys, I happened to be taking a video of myself when watching this. Catch my reaction video here:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtJlQkloWc8

In all seriousness I have done this about 20 times.  Going from the desktop wallet to the raiwallet.com takes less than ten seconds for the transaction and less than ten seconds for it to be pocketed.

We will see if it holds up, but for now it is very fast!
I can see them in their office sitting back adding these to the search terms....

"LOL now put in bigboobscoin, it'll fckin rocket to the moon"

This is great but please be aware as a crypto holder this is NOT a typical crypto play big gainz.  MOD should be viewed much like a security that MAY provide dividends at some point.

I'm bullish, but just don't want a pump and dump on MOD.  It's got some kinks.
Only full nodes need to store the blockchain - and even that is being worked on.  You can use the web wallet, and they are coming out with mobile wallets soon.
That's not a technical white paper. It's a marketing tool.
Amazon Coin: 8% discount on orders or something....
Thanks for making a post.

https://imgur.com/a/LCItT

If you want to help please consider running a full node. I believe once the desktop wallet fully syncs you act as a node - so keep it open if your computer is running.  The data traffic is minimal.

Working on some scaling solutions right now too. Trying to figure out how to get additional nodes up and running very quickly. 

Hey college kids. How about putting that free (errr...already paid for in tuition) electricity and lighting fast internet to use by setting up some nodes?  Check out github or raiblocks tutotrials.

https://raiblocks.net/page/resources.php#devtools

Another member from discord is putting together an amazon web services image that we could replicate easily that will act as a node.  That way we can scale it.  Once it's up and running I think we should be able to choose to put them on servers in various locations.

Feel free to donate here if you can't run a node:

xrb_15ewpw3i45icsof9jezfwuczoo5ake8jgqxizfwbs7t9gbztdrw7ewepz9xg
Lots of marketting stuffs, no whitepaper. I may get some in case you are right.
You realize XRB has room to grow to $10,$50,$100 or $1000 right? IF, and thats a big IF it all pans out to be true and secure.
You're not the only one. Bots will carve up these exchanges and level out pricing across them.
It can be done. The transaction spamming is also likely. I imagine people that spent $100M on a mining farm have the resources and knowhow to make these attacks.
Why not cancel all open orders?
I love the name. I love the logo.
Agreed.  A few solutions:
1. Use the web wallet
2. Search here for the wallet repository...download and load it up
3. After your wallet is synced, LEAVE IT OPEN - it acts as a node and will help others sync.
4. I'm working with someone now to get an AWS mounted microserver with an updated ledger, so we can replicate. Hopefully someone can integrate this into some code for it to automatically scale in the future.
5. Maybe suggest the legder could be downloaded with the wallet right off the bat.
We need to get some more weight behind other delegates. I think the wallets need to address this automatically by picking one of the trusted delegates with <1% of the weight.
We also need to remember that the people invested in the coins above XRB have a LOT on the line.  It it not out of the question for them to attack XRB's network - find something they can take advantage of in the code etc.

In the crypto world of the wild wild west I honestly wouldn't be surprised if someone put on a DDOS/attack at $100k/day for an entire month to drown a coin.  It's not impossible.
Because as a merchant you pay 1-4% in fees?
Security, Security, Security;
Getting more full nodes up and running;
Evening out the DPOS;
Bugs
Understandable. I just think it should hit you in the face when you go to the website. Even if it was a picture/link to download the client.
Attach wallet....wait.  Send transaction.....wait 1:38. Is that the best example? If you look at rai it it literally a handful of seconds total.
Fractions of cents may not mean much to you and I in a developed country, but may be a large percentage of someone's pay in a developing country. Just imagine getting paid $1 a day and then paying 5% of that in a transaction fee (assuming you have a phone to transact with)....nope, you would just use cash.
But isn't this native with xrb, or even xrp?
Bitbay is crap.  Where is the actual marketplace? You have to download their client. Why is nit not web based?

Too many hoops to jump through.
The marketplace should be on the web, front and center when you go to the website - token info in another tab.

Too many hoops to jump through = low adoption.

If the team doesn't understand that...
servers are still shit. Market trades were taking 30 minutes yesterday, all while buyer/seller was in the dark about whether it was executed or not and at what price and you couldn't cancel it.
Seems like a mistake...
Just so we're clear...you think that if there is a crypto crash that the underlying crypto assets that modum has are somehow insulated from that AND that you are entitled to those dollars?
LLLLLLLOL.  I'm sure there are some people dumb enough to dump money into this.
I like the current design. Downvote me to hell.
Let it be known that ALL exchanges have and will continue to experience issues while going through the massive amount of growth we are in.  IMHO GDAX is terrible, it freezes all the time etc.

Depending on what coins/tokens you are after may determine what exchange you transfer to. This is very much the wild wild west right now.

Good deal.

I think the holiday around the table chatter will drive BTC through the roof, and may pop after that.  Just my $0.02
Is this REQUIRED by law or just something the suppliers want?
I'm going on 20 minutes for a MARKET ORDER. I can't even cancel it if I wanted to. What a joke. 
The issue is that the fee will scale with the price of the asset.  Bitcoin used to have "low fees" for transferring as well. Guess what happened when bitcoin is worth $15,000/btc?

Serious question because I haven't read up on byteball. What would happen if byteball went to $15,000? Is it divisible to the point the fee would be hundreths of a penny?

Also please remember that you live in a different world than most people on earth.  A $0.005 transaction doesn't mean anything to me, but to someone that only has $10 to their name it may.
Answering my own question here: It LOOKS like the devices will be reusable. Please someone confirm.

https://medium.com/modum-io/moving-the-modum-hardware-forward-2aadae00ee21

My absolute biggest concern is a flash crash caused by fear - I'm willing to bet if trump even tweeted about regulation of bitcoin there would be a huge dump in the  USA - I understand crypto is worldwide, but I think that would be a canary.
This is awesome. Hopefully it pumps the price enough so they can pay off their mortgage....wait a second....
Scamsters are all over this crypto hype. I hope not too many people get burned...
The dividend date issue is handled well in stocks right now. I don't see why this would be any different. The MOD token seems like it is basically a share at this point.

Company sets a date for dividend snapshot, after that date the stock/token is marked XDIV. 

http://www.investinganswers.com/financial-dictionary/income-dividends/ex-dividend-date-2121
Not sure about the specifics of the iota attack can someone link?
The raiblocks whitepaper gives theoretical situations of attacks.
Yes you will need to transfer in a coin on gdax (btc/ltc/eth). Most sites trade pairs with btc so that is an option. Up to you since they are volatile. Ltc seems to have shortest transaction time now.
Transfer all back to gdax. Sell on gdax for USD. Move USD to coinbase account (instantly). Withdraw from coinbase.
Varies. Should be pretty quick though...might want to see if you can contact the exchange
What site did you use to cash in?
Sometimes exchanges dump all of your coin into another wallet so they have a "pool" of it.  This has scared me quite a few times.
Are there issues with the code that you saw (that you could share privately with the team), or was it just not clean?
There are at least 5 core devs that I've seen. They have also been working on it sine at least 2014.
My understanding is that zero fees on LN would either require some form of centralization (IE they collect data for value) or the fees will be "very small" AKA not zero.
Somewhere between $0.01 and $20,000.00
Started looking at Rai a few weeks ago as I was targeting projects with lower market cap and high potential for growth.  This community is great, I went into the discord server and got answers to my questions/issues (one directed to and answered by colin - super accessible).

Wish I would have picked up on the project earlier and I'm trying to figure out ways to contribute.
Awesome! Looking forward to using this on other forums.
https://thetangle.org/statistics/tokens-distribution https://thetangle.org/statistics/richest-addresses
I'm sure with some investigation we can figure out which ones are exchanges.
https://thetangle.org/statistics/tokens-distribution https://thetangle.org/statistics/richest-addresses
I'm sure with some investigation we can figure out which ones are exchanges.
no reply for me either.
https://thetangle.org/statistics/tokens-distribution
https://thetangle.org/statistics/richest-addresses

I'm sure with some investigation we can figure out which ones are exchanges.
its most definitely the exchange.  Once you get your rai test it out to see how fast the transactions are.
I knew that! I believe the dev team for XRB retained 4.8%.  There is not a single wallet other than the devs and the active exchanges that have >3%.

https://raiblocks.net/page/frontiers.php

Can someone supply the numbers for iota and byteballs?

This IMHO is the BIGGEST issue.  We're trying to get away from big disparities in wealth, right?


I like the way you think but....Whoa....slow down.

I think you're forgetting about the growth rate of crypto.  I don't think $5000/MRai is too much of a stretch!
This is one of the biggest complaints with btc...that a small group holds a majority of the btc. Just want to see how each of these is distributed.
How about  a comparison of how much of each the devs hold?
Not ads persay, just people shilling their project. Me being one of them.

I did a ton of research in the past few weeks and my picks were:

SALT: short term 2x-3x
REQ: long term 10x-20x
XRB: long term 20x-30x 

This was about a week ago...so now some of these have started to move.  Good luck.


For this to work you need to find differences in the trading pairs between say GDAX and BINANCE also.

I pulled some arbitrage the other day when LTC was trading at a 15% premium on GDAX but ETH was only trading at a ~1% premium.  Bought ETH on GDAX, Transferred to Bittrex, Traded ETH->BTC->LTC quickly, sent LTC back to GDAX and was able to cash in while it was still trading at a ~14% premium.

Biggest issue with this is time.  Your arbitrage situation can disappear in literally seconds, so you have to figure out what your risk tolerance is.

The second issue I specifically have with this is that GDAX/Coinbase have me at the $10,000 withdraw limit right now (never saw a need to increase that limit until now, as it protects me from an account drain also).

Once there is a good solution for instant transfers these rice differences will be few and far between as there are tons of people programming ways to take advantage of these situations.
Do you accept Doge?
Eth is not meant to be a currency. They also have plans to implement some changes to help with speed. I understand what you are saying but if we're being fair eth is on a different playing field.
It means that currently the exchanges have a lot of xrb and could potentially attempt an attack. No particular reason they would because bitgrail wants nothing more than for the price of xrb to go up, but it's a concern.
This is actually my primary concern right now...

https://raiblocks.net/page/representatives.php


https://imgur.com/a/MikTP

Listing of accounts. Top three accounts are 28%, but two of those are exchanges and <5% for the developers.

Otherwise my understanding is that it was distributed via a "faucet" via various tasks. People were literally doing captcha's for days at a time (think people in developing countries) to earn rai. Which is good news! It's spread out far and wide.
XRB>BTC for currency. 

XRB is NOT an ether competitor.  Ether has layers on layers on layers that get built on it. if XRB holds true to its spirit of doing one thing well - its just a currency.
LOL at the first two comments in this thread:

https://imgur.com/a/MikTP
Dont worry. These coins come around every week.  Seriously. Look back at the history of the subreddit.
> 

Holy shit you might want to take that down.
I'll post about my experience purchasing $XRB. This was about two days ago.

I read about which "exchanges" it gets traded on and looked at the volume, decided to check out bitgrail. I saw SOME action - but after reading a few hours of material on $XRB I decided it was time to take the plunge.  It is obvious that bitgrail is built specifically for trading $XRB.  The biggest problem I have is that the trading was only really getting done with $BTC. So I transferred in some bitcoin and waited...and waited.... this was not an issue with $XRB or bitgrail...bitcoin was clogged.

After getting my $BTC on bitgrail it was fairly smooth, but I did feel like it was a bit of a captive market. I mean it took me a day to get my bitcoin in, so was I going to wait around to see if my order filled or just buy it up? I ended up just buying - I think this is part of the reason it is bucking the trend on alts right now...once your BTC is there might as well buy. Probably would have been better to use $LTC to transfer into mercatox or something.

After buying the $XRB it was a little bit frustrating to get it off of bitgrail also. The transaction went through very quickly, but didnt show up in my wallet....because the desktop wallet was still downloading the full tangle. It is a known issue that is being worked on by the DEVs (New wallet coming out soon). I got the issue solved after hopping on their discord.

So for now the ride is a bit bumpy. I think the issues I had will probably be solved in a few weeks with a new wallet and hopefully getting listed on a big exchange. But I kind of feel like if you want to get in really early on a good project these are some of the things you have to be willing to deal with.

TLDR; Use Mercatox, use the rai web wallet until the new desktop/android/ios wallets are released.  Be patient.  Looks promising, could have some issues though. 

Disclaimer: I have a minor stake in $XRB
It would be nice if they would make an official post on the site with an official link to the repository...or disable hardware wallet downloads for now.

Not sure if you saw the post the other day about the iota theft from the "official" guide that someone posted.
There may be a dip, but it may be from a new higher baseline!
I had an issue with the desktop wallet where it was stuck syncing the DAG. Check the make sure that's not your issue.
Seriously. Get this thing paired with as many coins as you can on the exchanges.  If you can't clog the network the exchanges would be the only thing holding back the speed (which they absolutely do right now).

I identified a large arbitrage situation yesterday when their LTC was trading +9% over other exchanges (including in relation to ETH).  The only issue was that both ETH and LTC transactions were taking 20 minutes to an hour.

If XRB was paired across these exchanges and could actually be transferred instantly, and the exchanges could keep up with it = stabilization and no discrepancy of prices. Bots would take care of that!
STORE YOUR RECOVERY SEED FIRST! THEN DOWNLOAD THE DATABASE AND UNZIP IT!
What gets me is the fees that coinbase/GDAX are pulling in off of all of this.  They have to be pulling in $5M+ PER DAY off of both platforms at this point.  That's a....pretty good business model.
IMHO the biggest reason btc may dump is because people are afraid of it dumping...its a self fulfilling prophecy.
Rai could be THE solution to all of the network congestion. It's not really "no fee" as you have to consider your CPU time as a cost, but in this day and age...I live on a computer and it may be done on a phone eventually. I'm already paying for the CPU time no matter what, it's very very minor in cost. 

Interested to see how this plays out. I think they need some help with marketing for it to explode, but maybe it's best to see if it really pans out. Hopefully xrb gets listed on some major exchanges soon.
This is great news. Also they said the Colossus release is due BEFORE the next update. This helps prevent the PnD's because they can't be sure of the timing. 

Disclosure: I am long REQ
Please post in other forums!
To be clear..you are tired of REQ posts but clicked on this one because???
Thanks for your insight. Would you prefer a Moon meme?
Sure thing. I think REQ has an actual real world case use that creates value. You can't say that about 95 percent of coins/tokens.
I am pretty forgiving for most things.  Currently have a BTC transaction from GDAX pending since 6 AM. One issue I have is that GDAX doesnt allow for you to select your fee.

I am trying to trade into RAIBlocks, their exchange only looked active with BTC, otherwise I would have use LTC.

GDAX can go minutes without updating the visual order book on my end.  I'm positive the API calls the bots are using are getting through though.  

Coinbase charges exorbitant fees and is the primary option in the US for obtaining BTC. They need to do better or it is going to turn a LOT of people off of crypto.
What gets me is that the page still says "Minor service outage". Like what the hell? Its obivously DOWN.

probably too many bots using API calls.  Thats why the price spiked to $20k.
mine is still partially working. If you had an order in at 16,500 it likely got filled.....it hovering around 16,400
This has really got me peeved right now. I'm going on three hours and it hasn't even hit the bitcoin network yet.
What I don't understand is how news like this comes out and btc is still skyrocketting. If it can happen to a company like this how are people supposed to have confidence in this stuff?
The problem I have is that I have a fiat card that returns 2% cash back, AND in general it costs $ to go from fiat to crypto. Sure hopefully the crypto increases in relation to the fiat, but that's not a guarantee. I guess im not the target audience for the card, but I will glady pick up some tokens.
Good. Now you ded. 

We're talking about the real world here.  A guy holds a gun to my head and tells me to hand over the seed/key.  Even if multisig one is mine and one is my significant other. If my wife is around she coughs hers up, if not I'm dead.

This is all hypothetical, but very serious. The hypothetical situation was a guy is holding a gun to your head. You think you're going to say "sorry, it needs another key that another person has, you're going to have to kill me"?
Serious question. If this happens people will be looking to dump/get off bitfinex right?  What crypto would serve that purpose the best?

To me it would be LTC or something like that. I guess we dont really know how much crypto is actually being held on the exchange though...
Sure. $2000 + $500 at an ATM.

Or they demand your seed and wallet and have access to several hundred thousand dollars in crypto (if you are that deep in). Maybe store the seeds at a bank or something to solve this but then they aren't as accessible as one would like.
I mean how does this reach mass adoption? You think my sister, who barely knows how to cook a pancake is going to jump through all of these hoops and vote on "nodes"? Do you personally know people running nodes?
USD at my bank.  If someone holds a gun to my head AT MY HOUSE I can not give them INSTANT transfer of large amounts of money with money in a bank account. The thief would have to hold up your bank and/or hold you captive until the funds clear several banks.

With crypto they say give me the goods and ten minutes later are off.
Agreements on the site do not have any verbage specific to the loans. It does mention aml an kyc requirements which include providing SS # and bank account information. This suggests to me that there will be more information provided at the time of the loan, possibly specific to the carrying party.

I'm trying to find more out about the product and process. Thanks for the help.
This seems like its an actual use for crypto and if nothing else a bridge for crypto-fiat.  These projects are needed.

That said I lol'd at the amazon payment graphic they have on the website.  Do you really think amazon is going to go for something like this?  I'll give you a clue - check out their website and see how many alternate payment processors they currently allow. zero.

Will do some more in depth research on REQ tomorrow.
I have to say after I was verified (which was quick), the process was quick. The website looks amazing. Not sure on the coin value since it's hard to guage demand right now. I might even execute a small loan to get the terms etc to see how it all works.
Hopped on this after purchasing some SALT on bittrex. I already have a nano S but theres no shame in having a few, or giving it as a gift.

On a side note if you are really worried about getting a ledger nano from a third party and you have some technical knowledge ledger posted a guide:
https://ledger.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005321449-How-to-verify-the-security-integrity-of-my-Nano-S-



Wait what?  The site is selling them at a pegged $25 right now. How would you expect the value to go over $25?
Not for me!
Edit: Working Now. Sending some SALT in to play around with the platform.
Hello. I have registered for an account, but the "Deposit Salt" on the dashboard does not generate an address.  Is this a known issue?

edit:started working right after I posted this.



Your post history shows you are part of a group that identifies and executes pump and dumps.  Why would you not have a separate account for shilling?
Same with btc here. 3 hours and counting. The coin I was looking to get into has just about doubled in price. 


I mean out of all of the shit that should be taken care of by a wallet/program isnt this at the top of the list?

What the actual fuck?
Hockessin checking in. Felt the quake for sure.
Or do the right thing and stop using it. The nub is the answer to all of your questions.
Was just in cali a few weeks ago, and tried in-n-out. Place was jammed.

Food was cheap. LOTS of employees working. They cut the fries right there. Shakes were small but were ~$3 if I recall.

It was good, cheap, fast. About on par with 5 guys, but probably 30% less $.
*How would your life change if internet service providers started blocking or throttling certain internet traffic, or creating paid prioritization channels for certain content?*

I don't even know because that sounds like something that should never happen....right?


In a different field with a bit of a different salary scale, but not too different of a situation.. a couple of considerations.

Kids. If you plan to have them being near family is both priceless and also has financial worth. If you both work and a child can't go to school because they are sick (happens a LOT), can you/husband take off on a a whim and often? Need a sitter for a sanity check date night? Parents are often free, you know what you are getting and your parents will enjoy it too! You mention aging family, so putting off kids for a"few" years is a slippery slope also.

As others mentioned...COL increase is huge in different markets..

If it were me I would likely keep the lower paying job, but let them know subtlety in the future that I turned down a  big $ offer to stay there. Depends on the organization, but most would value that and may find a way to give you a bump.

If your husband is a champ these type of offers are likely to come around every few years...if he turns it down and you regret it or your situation changes maybe reevaluate. 

Now my story time. Had a job that had me on trajectory to make good money with a well known company, but a hundred miles away from family.. Wife and I settled down near family at her insistence. Turned out to be best decision ever after having kids. Drove 1.5 hours each way for that job for about a year and noped out and found a job close to home.  Pay was about 70k at old company and new (much smaller, family owned company matched). Stayed at smaller company for five years, salary grew but not by leaps and bounds. Old company purchases business much closer to home and makes offer of $125k+ vehicle etc etc.  I ended up turning that down, and let my employer know about it. They ended up giving me and several others a big bump  ( probably for fear of poaching, but more so because they didn't know the market). So was then making $100k+ vehicle etc, but I was working 40 hour weeks instead of what would have been 60+ hour weeks.  Me turning down that offer also cemented me as an inner circle type person at small family company.

About three months ago I realized my kids were growing up fast (4yo and 2yo), and quit my job to start my own company as a consultant to provide even more flexibility and make my own hours. You know what small family company said? They said " You do you, let us know what we can do to help, we will be your first client, and if you ever want to come back it's a standing offer". Old,Old company also reached out to me to offer me even MORE money ($150k+), which  I declined.

Story time for three reasons:
1. You seem like you know there is great value in quality of life, but don't know how to balance it in dollars. That's up to you(and husband) to decide. Know that there are some things that money can fill the gap on and create time/QOL (lawn service,house cleaning, laundry service etc.) And things that money can't provide.... being with family etc.
2. It's possible turning down the offer and let it being known may cemwnt husband at current company and provide benefits going forward.
3. Offers will come around again. Skilled people will never be out of demand( until robot overlords take over).

Good luck!
To be fair, they didn't say they aren't Obama.
Only a violation if there is a person in the excavation....so yeah it is now.
I really wish TV manufacturers would get away from making smart tvs. This day and age there are many better options for content delivery than the built in apps...and you replace your TV maybe once every 8 years or so?  

I tried using the samsung plex app and it was painful.
Looks like the tunnel is actually HDPE pipe.
Made me think about the bean machine game! Spent hours and hours beating that one.
I was on board with the song until the "singer" started. What was it with this period where yelling really loudly became the default way to sing?
Use the volume rocker. Trust me.
Better than Pushbullet?
Have a Dell TB16 and it works well with windows.
I do not know if the dividends are only distributed to the circulating supply.
I'll break down my math.

T= transactions
PAY # = 205,218,255
Fee Dividend = 0.5% or 0.005

Equation for Token Dividend =

(T) * 0.005/205,218,255

For each $1B

($1,000,000,000) *0.005 /205,218,255 = $0.024

$0.024 (2.4 cents) per token per billion

At 5 billion in transactions 

5 x $0.024 = $0.12 dividend per token

Of course the value of the token is not equal to the dividend but I think we can assume that it would be safe to assume most investors would be looking for at least a 8% dividend.

0.12/ 0.08 = $1.20

At $5B in transactions that is what I think PAY is worth.  You can extrapolate from there.


Edit: I just checked bittrex and PAY is trading at ~$4.30/token.  With a dividend rate of 8% that would require ~$14B in transactions.




I'm not sure if you responded to the wrong person or not but my post lays out your exact argument. I don't think $100b in transactions is remotely possible.

I would say that $5b is optimistic.
Thanks. A million card holders seems impossible from <10,000.  Just think about the type of infrastructure and systems you need in place for a million users. We're talking customer service representatives, tech support, fraud department etc.

Good luck all!
I like the vision of tenx and like the model, but $100b in transactions?

That seems like a stretch. I mean nobody can predict the future, but the total crypto market cap right now is around that range right? So you would have to exhaust and recycle the whole market every year.

I'd like to see some realistic numbers based off of the number of card holders, average use etc. If the average user spends $1000USD per year you would need 100 million users to hit $100b or ~2% of the entire human population (probably more like 4-5% of the population with the means necessary to receive a card, have a phone/computer etc), which seems like an impossible adoption rate.

I want to get on board with this, but can someone point me to where they laid out the $100b number?
Another serious question. Can the card be used without the app?  The videos I have seen show the users checking the app for balance after the transaction, but do you need to have the app open to approve the transaction when using the card?

Unable to register the app with US phone number.
Serious question here. Has Tenx posted any data on how many cards they are issuing and what the usage is on those cards so far?
There I was thinking....wow what an insightful comment. Check username...wait. why do I know that username? Seems like.... yup. Then ten minutes of scrolling through your posts. Reddit is crazy. It always ends up with porn.
Look into how to hack the Amazon dash buttons. Pretty much the same deal, and you can get them for $0.99 or free during promotions.
Did this with a powerwasher at home depot unintentionally. Bought one, used it but didn't like the nozzles - returned it....saw it the next week at 30% off. For 30% off I dealt with the nozzles.
but how did you take this picture?
I have a x1 g5. I never realized how not black my screen is until now.
This got under my skin for a while (married a pharmacist). Didn't like the idea of my wife making more bank than me. It was purely  psycological. 

I eventually got a job offer with higher pay than her. Ended up turning that offer down. Just the offer made me feel accomplished. Fucked up, but it's reality. 

I now make about the same as her, but due to her weird work schedule take on more time with the kids and whatnot. 

Putting this one out there for people to hear that it's natural to be envious, and it takes different things for different people to get over it.
at what point does it just become gymnastics?
I know he said that he sold it in the thread somewhere, but I don't think RAD is a bad hold with a basis of $3.83.  He does seem like the type to want to go after another pump and dump though...

FWIW I bought 5400 shares @ $2.77 today.
I mean I get that you may have a few old ones...but do you actually use all of these?
This is correct. If you are young and healthy, just keep the paperwork handy until the period is over. Free if you don't need it. If you do have medical expenses in the period, calculate if it's less expensive to pay them outright or elect cobra!
Up.

Ellie. 

Saddest piece of cinema ever made. My son watches it and doesn't bat an eye.. he doesn't know.
Hate these stories.

I don't care what the forms say, I always take a copy of the data on my drives (if possible).  Hopefully you didn't lose anything irreplaceable.
We hit both these peaks on our trek. Fixed a defunct Rock pile with a pole in it on top of one of them (don't recall which). Can't wait to go back with my son when he is old enough.
Been a while since I bought a book.  Just wondering how the hell they get off charging about a dollar less for the kindle version.  Seems at a minimum it should be $5 less. 
I think we've gotten to the point that regular spec laptops are light enough and small enough that you don't need an ultrabook.

If you want versatility - t470. If you want the coolest toy x1.

Typed from my carbon x1 G5.
Sign up for perksatwork.  You can get any of those...including the x1 G5 with much better specs if that's what you want.
Dell dock is working well. Let me know if you have any specific questions.

One weird thing is that the cable on the dock is fixed coming out of the left side - it's about 12" long so it restricts the options of how to orient the x1 when connected.
Just bought the M570 for this setup and its my first time using a trackball - still getting used to it.
If I can't get a hang of it within a few days I'll look into alternatives.

Trying to be proactive about the whole ergonomics deal. I have been using a computer my entire life and don't forsee a point when that will stop (maybe when we all live in a VR).  The M570 looked like the most popular option so I'm trying that for now.
Thanks.  I could have probably got away with a non tb3 dock, but thought it was a bit of future proofing. I also happen to have a literal f***ton of Dell credit - which is why you see two $500 monitors and a $300 dock from Dell.

Most things in the picture new within last few weeks/month. Set up this post as a humble brag.

I know...windows.... most application I use are in windows. Going to try to figure out a dual boot with linux.

Good news for carbon x1 G5 owners.  The Dell TB16 dock works great (so far).  It charges the x1.  Right now using it to drive two 27" 1440 displays.

Finally hooked up my old speakers (Bose Companion 5's) - before you knock them because they are bose...if you get a chance to listen to them in person they will blow you away.

This setup is for productivity- I do not game.
check slickdeals.net - search "xps 13". You will see some of the deals that pop up on the xps 13.

Also, the same program that most here use for the discount (perksatwork) had a promotion for what was essentially 30% cashback on your dell.com purchase for about two weeks just a month ago.
Yes
I only upgraded to three day depot when I purchased.  Sent it in on a Monday and it was back on my doorstep two days later.
First off, you are posting this in a thinkpad subreddit...so keep that in mind.

I went through the same decision and for me it came down to this: how much money am I willing to spend to have the coolest toy out there, vs the second coolest toy out there.  I'm typing this from an x1 G5. I could have had a similar spec'd machine from dell for about $400 less.  I want to use this laptop for about three years. $400 over three years is nothing when you think about it.

FWIW I think the x1 is just a bit nicer than the xps 13.
Have qnap. Can not recommend. Biggest reason is I cant get VPN set up correctly (PIA).


You must not have children with little grubby hands
Rasplex behind  mount https://imgur.com/gallery/zzrRz

As others have said. Server goes somewhere else.  

I use a raspberry pi for the family room. It is mounted behind the entertainment center. It's the best client I have tried. Everything direct plays over cat6.
Jackpot!

Typing this on my X1C G5.  Sent it in for a keyboard repair on Monday, got it back on Wednesday. 

I paid for expedited depot when I bought it.


Receipt:  Ten Balloons (Blue)

FUck
Yeah...Guess I was trying to convince myself that it would be ok so I didn't have to give it up for a few days.
My 'S' key has come off two times in the past day.  About a week of use.  The keyboard is nice, but this makes me wonder how this thing is going to hold up.

Am I willing to send it back to Lenovo for this right now? No.  If it continues to happen. Yes.

Any suggestions on how to fix it?  I'm now listening to my keystrokes and thinking "was that a weird noise?"
Not that I care about the packaging much, but my x1 (typing on it now) came in a red/black box.  It has two flaps that when opened actually elevated the x1 out of the packaging.  It also had a cloth like sleeve (not a plastic bag).

I ordered the custom version - but customized it to the same specs as the i7/512gb version.  No Ethernet Dongle provided.
Same question!

I happen to be coming into a literal shitton of Dell credit and I'm considering getting one of these:

http://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/dell-thunderbolt-dock-tb16-240w/apd/452-bcnu/pc-accessories

Another optin I've looked are the plugable docks on Amazon - they have good reviews. Not sure they would actually charge the x1 though.


https://www.amazon.com/Plugable-Charging-Delivery-Specific-Thunderbolt/dp/B01FKTZLBS/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1489149709&sr=8-4&keywords=usb+c+3+dock

Anyone with real time experience with docks on the x1 gen 5 please chime in!

Edit:  Another thing that I have considered is getting a razer core (which I don't really need as I don't game), but it lacks all of the ports that I would like to gain from having a dock.



It was available at one point.  The listing has been very erratic. Three models listed in the beginning with no option for customization, then not available, then three models with customization....now one model with no customization.
Also around 5 am.
Pretty sure the battery and screens are all the same as there was not an option to customize.
Be prepared to be mad.  I was waiting for that model to come back in stock and it never did....but through the customization of the lower tier model I was able to order the SAME EXACT specs on 3/2, and it shipped yesterday.
Update on order.

Order placed for a x1 carbon 2017 on 3/2/17 for a "custom" with maxed out specs aside from ssd (512gb instead of 1tb). Original ship date was 3/6, then was updated to 3/13...just got a shipping notification this morning (3/6).  Shipping out of China, says it should be here in 4-5 business days.
You the man, just ordered the specs of the model on the page that shows as sold out.
NOICE.
Where are you seeing this option?

First four words of his post...
Looks like the T470 is available now but without the FHD display.
Good luck getting one!  I want a new thinkpad bad, but want a new model; order of preference x1>t470s>t470.

The x1 model is sold out in the model I would like (who is spending $1500 on a laptop and NOT getting 16gb of ram? I'm guessing that's why the mid tier model is still available.).  The t470 is also sold out.

It looks like I may have to suffer for another month or so. You will likely be in the same boat if you set your expectations for early March.
Lucky duck....unable to order in the US.  I guess they made enough with UK keyboards to keep up with demand.
Now shows as sold out.

I had to go to work this morning before I could place my order....on the road all morning. Came back and sold out - just like the x1 carbon!
Available through perksatwork if you change the url (can't navigate to  it).

Froze up on checkout for me though.
Right there with ya. been checking all week for it to become available. It only does this at final checkout.

This is despite the fact that the product page lists a 5 week PLUS time to shipping.  I mean as long as we're in the "PLUS" territory, why not take orders and then update on anticipated ship date?
You lucky duck. I've been trying to purchase the same model for a few days now - out of stock..an doesn't tell you until you get to checkout.

How is the lapability?  My primary use will be in a recliner with the laptop on my lap.

I'd be happy if they restricted WHERE you can use food stamps more.  I consistently see people use food stamps at a convenience store, buying food at twice to three times the cost of a supermarket - not a food island situation either, a supermarket within 1/4 mile.
I've been trying to purchase the 512gb ssd /16gb ram configuration for three days now. It only tells me that it is out of stock after it is added to the cart.

Take my money Lenovo!
Don't tell your current employer until the last minute...For all of the reasons above plus this:

A job offer is not a guarantee of a job. It may be rescinded. The new company may still be looking to fill your position now. Keep your options open.
At Marriott in waliea Hawaii now. TV does exactly that, Netflix, HBO, Pandora etc. It's actually fast too!

That said the rooms are $400/night (not for me I'm here on points). They make their money on the room and $15 drinks they sell you.
Rain is a bummer tonight but the past week has been great
This is available in quite a lot of places now. It used to be available in only a few.

I've had it at Disney, the dole plantation on Oahu, a Hilo Hattie's and a lapperts on Maui ( on Maui now), and a few miles from my house in Kennett square, PA. 

Taste the same in all of those places. Only the ambiance varies.
Commenting to save for later.
Nah bro this is like one of those tanning tattoo deals.  In ten years when they peel that badboy off at the right angle you will be able to see the outline of the ribbon.
The only issue I have here is....

is this your main account? 

WHAT ARE YOU THINKING? THROWAWAYS EXIST FOR A REASON.
Thanks Rosa!
I mean how long til this thing melts?  Could we motor this thing down to the Caribbean and charge people to take trips to it/sleep on it/live there?


I get it. Father of two and my wife works weird shifts so I get the *benefit* of being with my kids on my own more than most.

This video sums it up pretty well.  Want to murder them 50% of the time and kiss them 50% of the time.  That "Hi" could either be creepy or melt your heart.
Holy crap long post, good details.  Will be trying this later on.  Is there any reason you can't do this through your router by port #?  
Does it bother anyone else that the shot says "View from the ice" even though we are clearly looking through the glass?
This times a million. Started going to the gym four months ago...went through three or four iterations of phone/headphones etc. ....then I remembered that I had an iPod classic. Boom.

Navigation is perfect with that click wheel. And it still lasts a few hours of play time - gets me through a week of workouts.

Started looking for a new one...and they don't make it any more?

Oh well I have two 30gb ones and will probably use them til they die and then replace the battery and storage.

No
If you have a receipt...don't say a word and keep the $20k readily available.
Immediately googled how far this star is from us ... 1,480 LIGHT YEARS.

That means if we were able to get up to the speed of light it would take 1,480 years to reach this place. (beyond some way of teleportation). It would also take 1,480 years to send any information back to earth. 

It also means that what we're observing now happened 1,480 years ago at Tabby's Star.

Seriously? 

We go extinct in about 500 years if we don't get our shit together. Unless these aliens are going to fix earth for us in that timeframe, isn't it better to spend resources focusing on something else?
The biggest reason I can see is that you can tap the principal amount on the Roth.

The second biggest reason is that most people assume that tax rates are going to increase in the future and they are hedging against that.
Thanks for the explanation!
Don't know your situation, but we keep our 529 in my wife's name. Although it doesn't seem like our children would qualify for any aid based off of our income, who knows what the future holds. As of a few years ago when we set it up assets in your child's name were counted at 100% while if in the parents name much less(maybe 25%?)

Looks like you have a good mixture going on. Who knows what the tax code looks like when you retire...but it looks like you are starting to balance to hedge against that.  
Here are my suggestions. 

If the baby is more than six months old let it cry. It provides good background noise to fall asleep to.
Also, try to have sex at a reasonable hour.

Also flip out on your husband about the cleaning - he will get the idea.
Version 1.1.3.2700 
Qnap

Been having to follow your instructions here to fix via SSH:

https://forums.plex.tv/discussion/comment/1243501/#Comment_1243501

Thanks for being so active in the community
I'm with you on that. Birthday is in about a month and I'm researching a nice UPS for my wife to get for me.  A lot of the power blips are actually caused by me - doing work on the house and killing circuits.

But I'd still like to fix the issue.
Those face gainz tho....
Nice
A lot of companies use zero balance accounts to pay checks. That means they may have an account with a ton of money in it and transfer $ to an account to pay checks as needed. Human error could be to blame.

This happens for reasons other than companies going under.
Pretty awesome. Keep it up.
Generally it's an excuse if the person is frequently late, a reason if they are consistently on time.
I mean I get what you are saying...but only one team broke the world record. Since USA came in first they broke the world record. France then came in .01 seconds behind the NEW world record.
How do you know he was an amazon driver?

Could have just been a random dude.
Thank you for what you do. People don't realize how much stuff other than shit makes it into sewer systems.  I've seen hunks of grease that are the size of a small human come out of sewer pipes.

Do you provide a processed video to the client before you leave the site?

I am a site contractor and currently use two different companies that do the same type of work that you do.  I am switching entirely  to a new company because they provide good service and they provide the videos prior to leaving the site (for the robotic stuff, still working on them giving the pushcam stuff same day also).. The other company would take two weeks + to send a video (with their invoice).  That time makes a huge difference to a contractor.  It's 2016.

I've also seen snakes in pipe - but we often video new systems before they are connected to existing mains and storm pipe.
Waiting for someone to find a reflection of op nekked on toilet.
Honda station, or Toyota, doesn't really matter ...just depends on who puts up the most sponsor money.
Came here to see if someone posted a mirror to imgur...12 minutes too slow.
Congrats. You are now in a great position to find another job.  This is now your job (finding another job). Use your increased salary to get more on the next one. Never stop that process. Don't burn bridges and keep your options open. Still bust your ass and make an impact at your current employer - but get out there and find another job.

The good kind.
A couple of reasons for longer loan terms that may not be great reasons, but could be considered.

1. Low interest rates - Why pay cash when you can park your cash in an investment that is earning 5-6% more than the loan interest rate)?
2. Inflation - although inflation has been relatively low in recent years, if we have mid/high inflation and you have a long enough term loan you are effectively paying with money which is worth less to you (assuming your pay at least scales with inflation).
3. Flexibility - If you can pay off the loan comfortably within 4 years but the rate is the same for six yeas, you can take the six year loan...pay it off at the 4 year "payment" and if needed you can step it down.  Unexpected stuff happens all the time - you lose your job, now you can pay less for a few months until you get back on your feet.
4. You plan on having the car for 10+ years and it will depreciate slower than you pay it off.  Only put 5,000 miles/year on the car? Sounds like it may not be the worst thing to finance it over 5+ years.

How was that column not structural?  I mean I believe that you did your due process, but why was it even there?
There's a company developing tunnel plugs of sorts to help with this sort of thing.  Not sure what kind of head pressure they can handle now, but they are pretty cool.

http://www.ilcdover.com/engineered-inflatables/infrastructure-security
...said Hitler. Probably.
Seems like a paltry amount of funding.
I love this show, but I realize it's a men's soap opera. Kind of like entourage with technology. I expect a "twist" every show, but still like the feeling of anticipation.

Thanks for the reminder.
No ripples in the water...except those caused by your god damn helicopter! 

You ruined it.
Was also 6' as a teen. Was athletic and did track and soccer. Ended up with a very light tent mate. When we divided up the gear in the morning with the crew I took two piles. Wasn't a big deal though. We trained for a solid two years for philmont. Pretty sure we did the longest/hardest trek.

Wouldn't be surprised if my pack weighed in at 70+ lbs. I also hauled a fully inflated soccer ball with me attached to my pack with one of those soccer ball net things because I was a teenager and why not?
Guys this is happening, it wasn't just a proposal. It's not only an architecture contest winner.
You see the search engine compresses the image for quicker searching. The method used for compression is middle out.

The easiest way to explain it is if there is a room full of men and you had to jerk them off what's the fastest way. Well I'll tell you.

You would line the men up across from each other and touch the tips of their dicks together. That way you could grab two dicks with each hand effectively jerking off four guys at once. Also on the downstroke of each cock you hotswap dicks - wasting no motion.

Then you put that in a search engine or something.

Middle out. Jerking off two cocks with each hand.
Was in like calc 9 or some shit in college (engineering major).  Had tests every other week.  I almost never went to class because my whole life up until that point I could get by just showing up for exams and figuring it out as I went....

Turns out that if you miss a few weeks of a class like that they start using notations and weird symbols and shit and its difficult to catch up.

Since we had a test every other week the prof decided that the lowest two scores would be dropped.  Going into the final exam I needed like a 95+ to pass the class.  Turns out my friend already had an A+ in the bag and didn't need the test score at all.  You can see where this is going....we swapped exams. I told him last minute that I was writing his name on my exam and he kindly obliged. Passed the course by the skin of my teeth. 

The next year they started checking ID's when you turned in the exams.
Please someone drop that $20k and name it something like "Monster Cock".

Then they win the competition and news agencies all over will be forced to say it.

PLEASE
Had a statistics course in college, required for an engineering degree. Most students put it off until senior year, myself included.

The grade was based off of the final and final only.  The final was scored on a +/- basis...that is if you get a question wrong it was a negative mark. AND the questions had different weights.  A statistical analysis was needed for whether or not to answer a question.

The average score was a +6. There were lots of negative scores. I got a +13 and received a grade of A. If you got below a +5 you didn't pass.  Kids didn't get to walk because of that shit. It was insanity.
TIL the company in WALL-E (Disney ^tm) has a basis for it's name in nautical origin.
Solution: Conference them all in on a single call and start a reverse auction.
Did this same thing when I was a teen, gots some sweet high fives.  

Same game on the second half kickoff my brother kicked me the ball on the opponent 30 yard line after two touches by my team and I scored within 10 seconds of the kickoff.

Won the game by a point. Beat a team that was arguably multiple times as good as us with good D and two lucky scores. 
So did I:

http://imgur.com/WGIoSeg

I used a Robotic pancake maker and a downloaded template...

pancakebot.com
Project Manager in heavy construction
Worked for me at both mid size and small companies.  It will work everywhere.
The first thing you have to do is set yourself up.  Let your employer know how you will grow in your role and responsibilities and what kind of scrilla you have as a goal (short, medium and long term).  It's OK if you don't have a solid idea of your long term goals, just generalize that you will have more responsibilities.

The second thing you need to do is let them know you will ALWAYS be asking for more money.  You are not around to stagnate.

The third thing you need to do is work hard and make progress.

The fourth thing you need to do is always keep your options open.  Network and know what you are worth.  If worse comes to worst make a jump somewhere else.

It honestly sounds like I'm bullshitting but people respect you once you become assertive about your compensation.  They actually like you more and feed into it and help elevate you.  If these are not the type of people you are working for - find a new job.

Ninja edit:  Yes I got what I asked for each time.  Because...they knew I was going to ask for it anyway.  Another thing to consider is that managers sometime have budgets for salaries and bonuses and distribute them how they see fit.  They need to know before raise time comes around what you expect before they allocate budget.
Get out and make contacts.  Online applications lead to dead ends and positions that are filled by someone that knows someone.

Organizations and charities are great networking tools.
Taxes are marginal bro.  In your example it would be 15% up to $45,000; then 25% for the additional $5,000.  You don't make less money by making more money due to taxes in the US.


I wouldn't fret it.  When you get into big $ salaries the people making the hiring decisions often have schedules that are very difficult to coordinate.  
Don't stop there.  Ask for big raises every single year. Every. Single. Year.  The worst thing that can happen is they say no.  I'm six years out of college now $100k+ and started just where you are now.  I didn't get here by letting them dictate how big my raises would be.  I'm nowhere near done.  I will always be pushing that bar up and expecting the pay to come along with it.

When I made a job switch two years ago I made my salary goals very clear to my new employer...and you know what - they liked that and we've stuck to my guidelines and goals thus far.

Congrats, but don't let up!
I mean isn't homosexuality a diseases in the classical sense that the purpose of humanity is to reproduce itself?

Didn't watch the video.
Don't forget to pitch in with chores and at least offer to pay for some things every once in a while.  These people are your parents, but you are putting additional financial burden on them. Maybe they are OK with it, but as an adult you should pitch in where possible.
Expect a lawsuit from Susan G Komen by the end of the day.
I want to believe that it all ends well for these families but something deep down in my gut tells me that the houses are for shit (because...who builds a house in a few days?) and that the quick cuts and weird angled shots are you know...ways to cover up shit.

Also, they usually end up building a huge house in a not so nice neighborhood?  why not just buy a new house for the family and give the old one to ANOTHER family.


Memories for money.  At the end of your life that's all you will have  - memories.

If you think spending the money on a wedding will result in better memories than not, spend it. You will remember your wedding for the rest of your life.

Her come the down votes!
This. Plus I can probably convince my boss that this is necessary.  If a $3200 version gives me another year or two of usable life beyond a $2200 version....who am I kidding, I'll use it for a year, a new version will come out and I'll dump this one on someone who works for me (who will be happy with it) so I can buy the new one.

Also when you think about it, for some people this may be their primary tool for working.  A lot of those types of workers are in the $100k+ range. Let's say they cost a business $140k a year (benefits and taxes and all)  If they use this laptop for two years and somehow manage to only work 40 hours a week that's 4000 hours (two weeks of vacation per year).  So what incremental increase in productivity is needed to justify a $1000 jump (assuming that the person is limited by the computer speed)? 0.4%. Plus there is time/cost associated with computer switchover which may be delayed another few months or even a year with a higher end spec laptop like this.

To conclude - I want this so I be getting it.  Plus I just made up some math and shit that makes it sound like a good investment.
Everyone is bashing this because Hef would still be living there....I imagine that he would also still have an occasional playboy party, so chances are you would get some of that poon if that's your sort of thing.
Happened to me in high school.  I was one of the fastest kids on my track team, and ran a pretty fast 400m for a white kid (low 50s). We had a team meet against the team that was the fastest in the state (ran like 47ish I think).  I recall being ahead of this guy because I was in a lane that put me ahead of him for 275ish meters.  He literally comes up aside me and looks at me, smiles and puts on the burners.  I ran the fastest I ever ran that day - my legs were actually giving out by the time I was approaching 400m. He smoked me by at least  four seconds. 

Good times.
Insurance through my employer isn't all that great either...

Basically have to pay $10k in premiums for a family of four for a high deductible plan.  Don't recall specific #'s but I think the deductible was $6k per person.  So we would pay $10k for the privilege to pay another $6k per person. 

Luckily my wife picked up employment with a MUCH better option. I  elected no coverage through my work (they pay ~$6k per year to do this), and it basically covers the premiums on my wife's plan - which has about the same deductibles.

Here's the thing. We are both six figure earners....and this stuff puts pains in our sides.  I don't know how most families do it.
But if it was an old quarry didn't they take out like all of the rock?
I'm 30 now.  It took me until I was about 29 to figure out that experiences are much more important than physical belongings.  I also realize that retirement isn't the end all be all - experiences (such as vacations or events) should be a regular occurrence throughout your life.

Different strokes for different folks but I make money to be able to live.

Here's my tip #1 for waiters/waitresses:

Get me the check/swipe me out as fast as you can.  The last thing on my mind before I write your tip is how long you took to get the check and swipe my credit card. If you took long as fuck,you get a smaller tip. This is compounded when I have a child with me and they are impatient.

If I want to sit around and chat with others in the party I will anyway after I sign the check, but I try not to do that because I know your livelihood relies on you turning tables.

Natural Selection
Seems like a pretty specific number....who estimates like that?
I think that the these stats may be skewed a bit because of people that have kids and then have a partner die or get divorced. Having the kid sucks more after death of a partner or divorce because you're on your own raising the sacks of shit.
All of these threads have a common theme. Don't have kids if you want to have savings. If you do, have parents that will watch them while you work.

My wife and I pay ~$28,000 in post tax money per year for daycare for two kids.  We both are $100k+ earners and that shit takes a huge toll.

The "good" news is that in 2019 our student loans will be done @~$1200/month (~$14,400 yearly), and then two years later one kid goes to school (public) and then two years later the other goes to school.  In eight years or so we will have over $40,000 of additional post tax money to save/spend as we see fit. Forty fucking thousand dollars.
Not only is it in the kiddie pool, but it's like all around us...everywhere.
The only way to make this up to him is to blow him daily for a year. Source:guy.
What the fuck did I just read?
Walk into a store with my wife...she says "that guy by the door had a weird name, his nametag said 'Greeter'."

That was the day i started keeping a file. its good for a laugh on occasion. 


Only the engineering majors.  The college of media, art &design girls averaged solid 7's or 8's.  I saw a few of them once on campus.  It was amazing.

Source: Drexel Engineering Alum (2009)
This is also fake.
Say what?  What side is "up"?
Can someone explain to me how to make a living doing shit like this and why my job is boring?
Must make jerking off at your desk a bit awkward.
He/she may actually hate it and just be really good at using the costume. We'll never know.
Not me but my mom.

When my mom's mom (my grandma) was on her deathbed..she told my mom she was adopted.

My mom has since found her birth family....and is exactly like them.
Fuck you guys.

Was that rapey?

No it wasn't.

Fuck you guys. Seriously.  Not everything is rape.
After you get a new job continue to go to this one....but don't do a thing. Show up in your pajamas with a few magazines and kick back. Fuck them.
PF forum.  Someone types out a very specific situation, includes tons of details and actively responds to posters and gets maybe five to ten replies.

Someone posts a "oh man what do I do, I'm in debt" with absolutely no information and leaves and PF piles on a ton of replies with speculation and advise.

/rant.
I've found that literally nobody cares what grades you got in school once you have more than like ten days of work experience.
Was in this exact situation in 2009.  Same income, same deal with reimbursement.

I bought a NEW civic LX for something like $15,500.  Never had to do anything other than maintenance and tires.  Maybe $1000 in all that shit in three years. Dumped it for $9,000 at 105,000 miles when company provided me a car. So something like $0.07/mile for the car. Insurance will vary, but at 26k miles per year you might be looking at  another $0.08/mile.

Gas for simple math lets say you get 26mpg  @ $2.60/gallon, so $0.10/mile.

All in $0.07/mile for car + $0.08 for insurance and $0.10/mile in gas.  I'm not an expert in this shit but that leaves quite a bit of room to the IRS rate.  I know I always made out on the reimbursement.

Get a dependable car and never look back.  Even one breakdown to me isn't worth the difference in cost of ownership - but that's up to you.

Put more time in at work or enjoy your time away from work doing shit you actually want to do instead of repairing/maintaining car and that time will yield you future $ that get you ahead of any savings from doing repairs yourself.

This is my advice because it is what worked for me.  I'm six years out of school, make $100k+ (part of the "+" is a company car allowance). I now have two kids and couldn't buy the time to make car repairs if I wanted.  Not trying to get too META since you only asked about the car, but I would attack it the same way again.

Not knocking gearheads. My brother is a mechanic.  But you went to school for a reason.  If you don't want to do your own car repairs don't let a bunch of people online make you feel like its a terrible decision to buy a new car.
Dusty crophopper.


Parents everywhere share my pain.
Downside is that you have now posted your fingerprint on Reddit and you will be framed for many crimes in the near future.
Your rent is surprisingly low. That said if you plan on retiring with $3m+ in worth a property of your own is a good place to start.

We have similar income,but live in a lower cost of living area. Same age, two less kids, no alimony or child support. So a bit better off. Between my wife and I we have $200k in retirement savings and have $60k in net worth in a home. The thing is after 30 years our home may well be worth $1m dollars...I'd say stop paying someone else to build wealth. Flip side of that is that your rental payment is very low and if it truly includes utilities is a hell of a deal.


I don't care if they put that shit on a bar of fucking gold it will still make your asshole explode thirty minutes after digesting.
Joint account here. We make a relatively good amount of money so watching spending isn't even a thing. (250k gross, not a large city)

My real advice is to be wealthy. Then it doesn't matter. Trust your partner, if you can't then the problem is trust not bookkeeping.
They have bases for these things that go on sales a few times/year at Lowe's for $99 a pop. They double as drawers and raise the machines about 12". Well worth the $ to save your back.

Nice job though.
"The allegations led to Harvard University Police raiding his home, where they found Lego sets, televisions, a table saw, garbage disposal, and multiple iPads."

Like every other house in the world?

"Welp guys we found a couple ipads and a garbage disposal, wrap it up - this guy is guilty"

You can find all of this shit in my house. Probably five ipads, a uninstalled garbage disposal (because everyone buys that shit and then gets lazy), leggos, and oh my god TV's! And yes a table saw. I stole $0 from my employer.

In the US you can buy prepaid visa's/mastercards labeled "debit", and use those to buy a money order at walmart. the prepaid cards usually have a fee of ~$5 and are loadable to $500. The money orders cost under $2.

With a decent cashback card its a wash. With a good card/bonus/points you can actually make out on it.
 Check out flyertalk - manufactured spending.
I think if I turn down x that relationship dissolves.
I was thinking of asking for an ownership deal with company c. Kind of tough because its like ten different llc's and the value isn't necessarily held in one particularly. 
Directions unclear, lost job and am homeless.

Thanks
The goal would be to sack away extra earnings to accommodate early retirement or starting my own business.  

I tend to align with your preferences. We don't *need* the money either but it would make a minor lifestyle adjustment possible in addition to major increase in savings. 
Came here to see how people would suggest investing a $12k surplus.  OP goes on to list debt. PF'ers proceed to shit all over him. Not disappointed.

Plot twist - published by the KKK.
I'm going to offer up a bit of different advise based off of your OP.  

If they *need* your abilities to re-establish the company (IE it would fail without you) - see if they'd bite on a much larger share for you. You also have to consider the payback period, if you can sustain yourself through that period and establish that the business will sell no matter what by X date unless nullified by you.  If you need a salary then establish a payout equivalent to the other owner(s) at your % share (IE if the company profits $1M and you own 30% you get $300k).
the eggs are in the nnaise part. If it's just Mayo - no eggs needed.
COL given is an average.
Income given is a median.

Not an expert on this by any means. I'm willing to bet the median COL = median income based off of the fact that most of the time people spend all of the money they make.


I mean weren't they all young at some point?
It's our defense mechanism from it happening again. Subconsciously we make ourselves fatter so the temptresses are less tempted.
I actually have a dedicated qnap server at home. Plex, sickbeard, couch potato, newzbin subscription etc. That's how I primarily gather content and transcode if needed.

I have a rpi2 that sits in the spare tire area of my car, for my kids to use to watch movies on tablets while we are long trips. It hooks up to my accessory outlet and is completely hidden. It's also set up with bitsync and has a small battery to keep the rpi2 running after the car turns off to pull content off the qnap server when it connects to my home WiFi. I have not come across a file the rpi2 wouldn't transcode, only had a stutter with hd 4 gb mkv's. I usually just download files <1 gb. On mobile so won't go into specifics of setup but I'll say I did everything on tutorials - I'm not a programmer by any means.
Throw your money at a raspberry pi.  Sometimes it takes ~30 seconds to buffer a large HD file, but otherwise works flawlessly.
Check again. Pixar didn't have a hand in planes. Shared a producer,but produced by Disney without pixar.
Highlights from the game:

http://www.fifa.com/womensworldcup/videos/highlights/match=300269503/index.html

For some reason ESPN's videos are commentary, interviews and fan reaction.  Maybe they don't have a deal with Fifa to show the games?
They were released by disney
Listen up fucktards there are control joints and expansion joints in concrete sidewalks.

Sidewalks like this are usually scored (control joints) at ~5' intervals to control where the cracks form. Control joints are also called contraction joints. These can be tooled or sawcut.

In ADDITION expansion joints (with fiber expansion etc.) are placed ~30' (depending on your locale).  These provide isolation from the object next to them (sidewalk, building face etc.) and provide room for expansion/contraction due to temperature.

Source: Civil engineer that works as a contractor.
So if premiums are paid through employer they are pretax, but if they are paid out of pocket with post tax dollars they aren't tax deductible?

Crazy.

Still might take a swing at a higher deductible plan and bank the savings for catastrophic events.
"I sold an hour of my life for $13" doesn't sound nearly as good as "I make $100/hour" either.
But...but...what if it's for real?
"< Less than"
"> Greater than"

Fuckin pisses me off every time.
You are so wrong you might be a quatillion wrong.

As you approach a quatillion all other numbers are so small in comparison they are either equivalent to zero or one, depending on the inflection with which the quatillion was said.
If it starts hurting on the first one...


Yes.  In the big scheme of things everyone seems a bit too focused on the past 3000 years and how you could take advantage of it.  If I'm immortal I'm really looking to set myself up for the next billion(s) of years.

Yeah you can get mad rich or whatever, but that only matters for ~4000 to 5000 years.  Then what?  

I'd focus on a way to preserve other humans - or make AI good enough that I couldn't tell the difference.  Gonna need some company to keep from going insane.  May even go about trying to steer humanity in a different direction - ie preservation etc.
Play enough poker and you see this often enough that it doesn't phase you. Yeah the buyin was $1m, but this shit happens. Been on both ends of this exact scenario several times....players at this level judge their play on quality not outcome. Variance approaches zero when you play enough.

I've hard much worse beats than this. I've held a nut flush on the flop and got it in against a no pair hand - other guy needed two EXACT cards to win. He hit them runner runner for a straight flush. I remember the hand because it was a "bad beat", but it really didn't phase me...cash game anyways so I reloaded and won it back eventually.  
I feel like all of the responses here are trying to cheat by ending up with something of value.  Very fine line there.

If I had to spend $20k/day I would travel the world and just throw cash out for accommodations.  I'd make sure I was paying a team of specialists to help me live as long as possible to milk that shit.  Trainer/Doctor whatever.
9 lovely girls and a butterface.

Second from left. Yes I'm mean.
They probably won't pursue this any further than a phone call or two if they are a real auto dealer and not a shady used/ridiculous financing/take advantage of poor people type of dealer.

$2000 is nothing in the grand scheme of things, if its a legit place they'll move on.
post to check my flair...did I push already?

Raspberry pi
Pay them the money!

Seriously...just give them some money. They deserve it.
How do you have two countries split by a big fucking river with disputed land on one side of the river?  Why do the borders jog back an forth across the river?  Has Danube changed its path that much?
Age of empires and offsrping...in online play you had to have the game disc in when the game started.  Then you could put whatever you wanted in and it would play.
The only way I would consider a car an investment is if in your profession people will judge you based on it...like if having a nice car is part of the uniform or something.

That said everyone has different priorities. I want to retire early, so I drive used toyotas/hondas with mid-range mileage.  If your husband enjoys his car more than a nice vacation or early retirement that's his decision.  The file is pretty thin here and people in this sub judge pretty quickly.  

Do you have an unusual circumstance that would justify this expense (like no mortgage etc)?
I can't imagine a gay couple getting a pizza shop to cater their wedding...

Find a cheap flight to hawaii, live on streets etc.  Even if the deal doesn't pan out now you're in hawaii.  I dont understand how literally every homeless person doesn't do this.
Fucking staticians always approximating.  What about daylight savings? What about leap days and millennial leap days? Time zones? Valentine's Day? Steak and blowjob day? The orgy of 97?

I assume the federals are ten year payback periods...

Pay the fixed rates off 5.875% and 5% - the others I would hold onto and pay off at minimum payments unless they spike in rate.  My personal cutoff is 4% - and I don't qualify to use student loan interest as a deduction. It looks like you might so your cutoff might be higher (4.5-5%).

Unless the market tanks you can find investments that yield > 7% right now and at least for the next few years.
Should read: Gamestop tries to hedge against lawsuit with $50,000 donation.
You know when you are at work and something is marked NSFW and you try to determine by the title "how NSFW can it actually be?".

Then you click the link and your 24" monitor is literally covered in cartoon porn?


The same place that this system puts it. Reverse osmosis plant.  You have to be capturing sufficient power to provide the pumping to get it there...
Why couldn't you just build the turbine at a lower elevation than the ocean floor and basically create an endless hydroelectric dam?

I get that waves=energy, but seems like this has a lot of points of failure.
If I were to try to create a website that was more scammy than that one I don't think I could.
Fuck.  You have to get your kids into a good high school when they're entering kindergarten? What the Fuck?

Sounds like you're pretty ingrained in living in NYC but at some point why not cash out and move somewhere with a lower COL? 
Does your wife want another kid or kids?  If so - move.  Otherwise try to balance it out.

My wife and I live in an area that has some really good elementary schools and shitty middle and high schools. Current plan is to move in 2023 to get into a better district for middle and high schools. Pretty easy decision for us though - it'll cost us the fee for selling our house and an increase in property taxes of $15k/year. We have multiple children (two) and have access to some of the best schools in the nation if we move a few miles and pay those higher taxes. That's our current plan - might change.

Still. What the fuck?

How about labeling the maps so it doesn't take everyone minutes just to figure out where they are?
I just don't spend any money and occasionally flip out on my wife when she goes overboard.  If that's considered budgeting...then, Yes.
Just came to say that if everyone goes to heaven no matter what... I wouldn't change a thing about how I am living my life. Maybe people in seriously shitty situations would kill themselves, but I tend to like my life.

Oh and sin. When I knew I was going to die I would go on a sin-a-thon.  I would screw everything I possibly could and do every drug known to man. Not because it didn't matter, but because I may not get a chance to ever do it again....who knows what kind of rules they have in "heaven".
Came here to see if there were links to OTHER videos of her. For science. Please post in reply to this comment.
White guy here. Stopped here to say a few things. I'm sure this comment will get buried in downvotes.

First Thing: "I was followed for 5 minutes before I started recording this video. "....

FIVE MINUTES?  Pretty sure that if you spend more than two minutes in a convenience store I would be suspicious too.  I can count on zero fingers the amount of times I have taken more than a minute in a convenience store to make a selection.

Second Thing: It's not racist unless he only does it to certain races.  Can't conclude that from this video.  Maybe he follows all customers. Maybe he follows all people under a certain age. Either way it's creepy but may not necessarily be racist.  I'm not saying he isn't racist - he may be. Just saying this video doesn't prove that.
Please don't tell my wife about this.  We will be buying this shit by the buttload purely because it's pink.

Came to say nice legs. I wouldn't doubt if mky737 posted this album as a subtle brag to show off his girlfriends legs.

10/10 would shave those legs.
We have a 529 in my wife's name for our children.

The reason being that when you fill out a FAFSA your child's savings are counted at a much greater rate than the parents.  

Most likely our children won't qualify for any $ from a FAFSA, but they might if one of us stops working or something.  You can also invest in any states 529 - doesn't have to be your state.  I don't know how this affects those with state tax benefits, because we don't have any.
When it's time to pick up the kids from daycare. That shit will stop a good work sesh right quick.
If you two are worked up about where the other spends money.....

You need to get over that shit. If you both have shared goals it makes sense to share money. If you guys have separate goals get a lawyer lined up for the divorce.

Money ruins more relationships than people like to admit. Maybe some people get on married for a long time maintaining separate finances...but underneath it all they don't trust the other person enough to share finances? 

Work that shit out or move on.
I couldn't make out all of the audio..

But you never know what people are going through. Maybe she was on her way to a funeral.  Maybe she was on her way to get a sex change.  Either way you don't know.

I'm pretty much the coolest cucumber in the patch, but have lost my shit before when under a weird combination of circumstances. you just never know.

I also half expect people to punch people recording them in the face or smash their cell phones during videos like this.  If I lose my shit and I realize a bystander is recording it to put it online I'm probably going to kick their ass.
I have decided that fried dough, in any shape form or fashion, is my favorite food.
If your benefits are not immediate at the new employer ask them to kick in to cover the COBRA for your old employer.  This should be standard operating procedure anymore.
What if this object is actually a planet exactly like earth, exactly 1/2orbit behind the earth on the other side of the sun?
I think frameless glass deals work well with  showers, but not tubs?  I think the main reason people have bathtubs is for kids, and to wrangle up those mangy creatures I think the glass may get in the way. This may not be the case for you. It does look a lot nicer than a curtain though.

Nice job though.


If the card says "debit" on it you can actually buy money orders with it at walmart....small fees.

But then again you have to go to walmart.
Where the hell are your other expenses? Don't plan on buying any clothes, electronics, gifts, vacations, going out to the bar to get over your shitty shitty work weeks? 

Not trying to say you can't live frugally, but enjoy that cash bro.....live it the fuck up.
If they're covered...contacts and glasses. Order next years medical supplies if you have a condition which requires any.

Hit all your yearlies in December, switch to high deductible/out of pocket next year, alternate rinse repeat.

Source: husband of a diabetic, had a baby in 2013 and expected 2015. Used the above strategy.
Ask for as much money as you possibly think you can get out of them, then ask for another week of vacation.Work your ass off. Then do the same thing next year.  Take your extra money and your extra week of vacation and go somewhere nice. Then switch companies and repeat.  This is the new formula for success. 

Your writing skills alone put you in the top 10% of your field I bet. If you're in the top 10% of your field you deserve to be compensated as such. The statistics for what other people are making are great and all but in all honesty I don't care of the guy in the office next to me or in the next state is making half of what I make for the same position.

Just act like you own that shit and they'll comply. Go big son.

