Set a cup of beer inside the cup taped to the roomba 
It’s Minnie Mouse’s house. 
This would be amazing with a light to dark purple only gradient. But is a pretty sweet background nonetheless. 
357GB for this month. I’m not sure how I’ve done that though. 
PLA?
A coworker of mine had the same issue. Turned out that his wallet case folded back in such a way that it blocked the microphone near the camera and nobody could hear him. He even changed out the phone under warranty. 
AppleCare is not offered in many places in Europe. 
Finland is part of the EU. So... No. like I said it’s not universally 2 years throughout Europe. 
It’s not a 2 year warranty universally throughout Europe. Here in Finland you only get a 1 year warranty. 
Unhelpful brag, I got a 10401 on my X. 
Is this Kuninkoja Turku/Raisio? 
I wouldn’t sweat it. [https://9to5mac.com/2017/11/09/coldgate-iphone-software-fix-cold-temperatures/](https://9to5mac.com/2017/11/09/coldgate-iphone-software-fix-cold-temperatures/)
I preordered mine through Telia and had it on launch day. So My new baby is a week old already. 
My only complaint is the way the volume bar is in portrait mode. It cuts through the notch and you have about 5 clicks of volume before it pops out from behind the notch. Otherwise I’m pleased. 
Am I the only one who hates the EarPods? They hurt my ears or they fall out constantly. I would much rather an in ear headphone. I use x3’s instead and shove this in a clutter draw for emergencies. 
Because we only have a handful of gyms and they don’t start raids until after I’m at work and when I can get to a raid say on weekends nobody is there to raid. My work is nowhere near anything Pokémon  and after work I have two kids to deal with and their hobbies. My wife works the late shift as well so I can’t even go out when she gets home. This game is designed for people in cities with free time. Not for guys like me. So I have walked my dratini for 105km and I will dig in and walk the remaining candies no matter how painful. 
I still have ~~23~~ 27 candies to walk. Ugh. Then I need candies for powering it up. 
6+ owner checking in at 14% wear. I don't remember exactly when I bought it but it was fairly new in he marketplace when I bought it. 
Footprints...Never forget. 
I use three Megas in a deck and have great results. I use pidgeot, mew two, and alakazam megas. Granted I don't use he alakazam that much but the other two are great together especially with the cave of memories. 
Semper.fi is a baby food website in Finland. 
It's from Finland and here we call it reindeer piss. 
I wish I had that luxury. But I wake up at 5am and live in Masku so there isn't much reason to go out at night for Pokémon or night life. 
South side of Finland but I'm old so I don't get to stay up late. 
I live in Finland and it's summer so the sun doesn't until crazy late at night. I haven't seen the night time mode on PoGo in nearly a month or more.  I guess I can see the stars rotate in a few more months. 
For those who don't speak Finnish. He is protesting driving while playing PoGo. Not PoGo itself. 
Xatu?
Roy? Cactus?
I would give my daughter my phone in the car to catch Pokémon while we went from place to place. They killed that but she could at least be my pokestop spinner. Now they killed that. It's cold and snow has already come. Now I just have to explain to her that we can check back in the spring to see if niantic has pulled their heads out of heir asses but otherwise we need a new hobby. My town only has 6 pokestops and 4 gyms we don't go to the bigger town so often. You win Niantic I will crack my last 10km egg and give up. 
Southwest Finland.  I counted them on my way into work just now and I passed 7 groups of Drowzee and 2 groups of Jynx. 
That picture is literally what I see everyday to and from work along the whole path. I hate drowzee so much. I honestly feel without hyperbole that I see more Drowzee than Pidgey. 
triopak.fi might have it as well. Their website kind of sucks though. Can't hurt to call if it's not on the site. Maybe they can special order it.

I have a 666cp Seaking. I refuse to power it up. 
same here glad im not the only one

Team Instinct!
I found that I really only snack out of boredom and/or feeling like I would be left out of something (the Mrs has a coffee and snack daily in the afternoon and the kids sometimes will get a snack at the same time so I feel like I don't get that moment if I don't snack with them)  once I realized I was just snacking out of boredom, when I went to the pantry for a snack I would stop myself , drink water, and find something to do ( exercise, clean, read, play Pokemon Go, anything really)

If you are really hungry for a snack try almonds, sliced meats, sliced cheese, protein bars. Make sure you are eating enough fats they help get you through the in between meals time. 
My town has 6 and the neighboring town has 1. 
Up vote to you for spelling it correctly. 
The disabled input was the reason I used it. I would turn it on and go for my run and hatch my eggs. Without it the screen gets tapped too much in my pocket and it disturbs my music. As a side note I hope they fixed the egg hatching gps problems. A 10km run only registered as 8km usually. 
Paras in Finnish means "best". 
It's funny because it's true. But now I have said too much for this week.
I just use a note that says "The person holding this note  really Is Kinkkulainen. --Kinkkulainen's Mom" works every time. 
Name Day (nimipäivä) is a different holiday altogether here in Finland. It's like a mini birthday that celebrates your name. Mine is December 11 send gifts. 
Bring a camping foam pad/patja that can be rolled up and a picnic blanket go to the top of a kallio because the plant life is less up there. And for sunshine/warmth. Just be careful of parma and punkki. I've had the same thoughts I just have to convince my Mrs 
SUOMI!!
It comes with 10 blood glucose strips not the ketone strips. 
It's hard to say without knowing the exact data you are looking at, but the data may be for just the meat not the bones. Try to find data that is specifically one or the other. 
In addition J is pronounced as an English Y Jokela is Yo-ke-la
If you take pictures from the locked home screen(swiping up from the camera icon), and click to photos app to review without unlocking, it will only show the pictures you took at that moment. 
You have to go to Tools->Import Media Files then import the files into the podcast you'd like. You can make the name whatever you'd like. 
I do this with Downcast. It works great for me. I also download a radio show and put it in and with downcast it's with all my podcasts. 
I actually make my BPC with protein powder and coconut milk and use it as a breakfast replacement I also dial back the fats a bit. But I only drink it max 3 times a week otherwise it's real food for breakfast 
Except for the one that I gave as an example. And many others out there. 
If you are going to recommend that OP medicates to sleep. Why not recommend an actual sleeping medicine? (i.e. melatonin pills)
My migraines don't exist anymore.
Niin se on.
TIL why I've been so stuffy lately. 
I've dropped 22 pounds in two months and have never felt more clearheaded and energetic in my life due to keto. It was the hardest jump to make but I'm so glad I did.  

Check the floor you are standing on. If your scale is on a rug or uneven floor or tile cracks it will create abnormal readings. But it's a long shot if your numbers are consistently abnormal. 
Weigh everything. Use my fitness pal religiously. And to get a starting point of how big your meals should be divide your daily calories by three so you know your general meal size. If one meal is higher reduce something from another meal. I always pack my lunch the night before and log it along with plan breakfast. That way all I have to figure out is dinner. Also I tend to take "extras" with my lunch such as cottage cheese and almonds that way it's easy to cut them out if my other food is too high. 
I've had this one belt for nearly 18 years and at my heaviest I was on the second to last hole (probably should've been on the last). Now I am on the last in the other direction I can't wait to break out my drill like you did. Great Job
There is an option in mfp but it's a pay option. 
Broccoli is sometimes too sweet for me nowadays. 
I think I got it from prisma the first time. Then bought almond meal the second time from prisma and recently tried the hazelnut but I don't know where we got that. 
I'm Keto and in Turku as well and if you buy almond meal (one is jauho  and one is jauhe but I can't remember which is which) it's cheaper but slightly rougher but it works pretty much the same. Also hazelnut flour has better macros. This is my favorite recipe using any of the nut flour/meals http://karppaus.info/resepti/resepti.php?id=196
That bastard garlic has gotten me too. ALWAYS double check the ingredients.
Celery!
I eat normally 1515 calories. But for the trip I was going to mix it up if it helps. But that's what this post is about, what is the best way to tackle this? My Keto has always been easy because I have a routine that I controls and predict. This is way out of my routine. 
Finland back home to Miami. Then the real Keto challenge starts its been 10 years away from the US and I have all the food that I've missed there. But of course those missed foods are all non keto. I have dreams of Corn Chex and wheat thins and cookie dough and biscuits and gravy. I will be strong though. 
True. I don't like being hungry but who does really. Maybe it will be a good test for me. I like the idea of challenging my old habits. 
Oh good suggestions. I will see what of that is available here. Also since it is international travel meats and nuts will have to be dumped prior to entering the new country. But oh well I guess. 
He would if she wanted to keep doing the show to the end. She has been doing some shows from home lately. She said the other day that she doesn't get to see benji's beard often. There has also been times Howard has gone to her and gotten no response cause she was in the bathroom. But he would see that if she was in her booth. Audio has been a bit off also. But she is still in the studio as well. 
I am shocked to see budgetketo here. I actually opened /r/BudgetKeto this morning. I made it private because I had to go to work and didn't have time to start anything there. But it's public now. And yes a bit of a wasteland to be honest but what do you expect for being open for 2 whole hours. But with a few positive people and tips that we all have it can be a guide to all of us who are working with what we got.
you sound like the perfect person for /r/BudgetKeto
True about the pancakes I noticed that I had been falling into that routine too often. 
Tuna is one of my go-to's but it's rough to eat when I already feel like I am force feeding myself. And like I had said around here protein supplements are expensive and/or are loaded with sugar. The whole low carb thing hasn't taken grip in Finland like it has in the states and other places. Also isn't it so that your body can only process 30g of protein at a time.
Yes always, but I did realize a goof I made recently for bacon and chicken breasts I weighed the raw product and needless to say a 90 gram chicken breast was only 67 when cooked. Doh! But that just makes it even harder to get my protein.
I started Jan 3rd and I'm down 16.7lbs. I was so close to being in your cool kids club
Thanks. It's such a great feeling to retire clothes that are too big and reach to the back of the closet to find stuff that hasn't fit in ages.
I live in Finland.  Our ability to eat pure Wisconsin style is certainly limit. 
I am experiencing the same thing and if you look at this sub alot of us are in the same boat. But the consensus is that in weeks 3-6(some say 3-8) you have a bit of a stall while your body is adapting. I have been between 80.2-81.3kg since the 16th... However, if you have been taking measurements you will notice that your numbers are changing. I've lost nearly an inch off my neck, half inch from my waist, half inch from my hips and 1% body fat all since the 16th. During this time I am going to back off from watching my scale and just keep doing what I am doing. Have patience the "elders" of this diet say the best is still to come and they have been right so far.
Tempering egg yolks into it will thicken it. [Like in this sauce](http://www.olivegarden.com/recipe/alfredo-sauce/man-imp-reci-prd-69) btw leave out the flour and this alfredo sauce is keto.
Exercising your kegel muscles will help you hold it longer. But keto= needing to pee.
[Source](https://www.fitnessblender.com/articles/can-you-lose-weight-in-a-sauna-calories-burned-in-sauna)


>Here’s an equation you can use to estimate out how many you’re burning:
Number of calories burned in 30 minutes of sitting (specific to your bodyweight) x 1.5 (possibly x 2) = calories burned 

>For example, a healthy male of 185 pounds burns 42 calories in 30 minutes of sitting. To find the number that this same individual burns while sitting in a sauna, multiply those calories by 1.5 and 2 in order to get an estimate. In this case, the individual would burn roughly 63 to 84 calories.



I just made these minus the sweetener. They were deeeeeelicious. Tastes like French toast and I didn't put anything on top and I didn't miss it at all. 
You will.  Just be strong through the hard days. And read all the info here. 
I always log my meat and veggies for all three meals first then add my fat accordingly. Whether it's adding cheese or butter or a creamy sauce or last resort a fat bomb. But if you know what your important numbers are then you can fill in the fat easily. 
Tuna melts, taco salad, cheese burgers, pulled pork, ham and cheese stuffed chicken, garden salad with cheese cubes and boiled eggs...
Even it she quits you keep chugging on. She will see your example and have a tinge of guilt for jumping ship so early and probably come back. Just slyly mention the positives when they come around "Wow, I just dropped 2 pounds." or " Look I got these old pants on it's been years since they've fit me." "I think my face looks slimmer". Don't deny the negatives though otherwise she will catch on but don't dwell on them. "I have a bit of a headache today maybe I should check my electrolytes." "Hmmm, those fries are tempting but I don't want to ruin my progress I feel so much better already." 
Others have mentioned the fishing game. This is common and I have even seen people distribute the party bags this way. But I didn't mention before that family parties almost never have party bags. It's almost always just  for friend parties(i.e. Daycare, school, neighborhood kids). 
Don't stress too much kids like pencils,stickers, some candy, balloons, bubbles, glow bracelets, super balls. And not all that stuff. those are just the stuff I've seen and given over the years
It is normal to give out party bags. In fact my daughter has gone to many and just had her first without a party bag and she felt quite shafted. I can't say if it's typically Finnish but it is certainly the norm. 
I had a sweet craving the other day and simply melted some butter and mixed in sliced almonds and cinnamon. It wasn't sweet but the cinnamon tricked my brain into thinking it just had dessert. 8/10 will do again. 
This is my instant craving killer. I used to come home and give my kids a snack and pop a few cookies in my mouth and start making dinner. I noticed that since my kids still get a snack I have to stare at the pantry and the cookies are still on the shelf. So I take out the cheese before I grab their snacks and I eat a slice or two. Followed by some water and fairly quickly I don't feel that I need those cookies. It's all about reconditioning your old habits. I'm still very new at this but my wife and kids are still normal carb people to I am forced to address a normal carb world at home. I just feel it builds will power.
You say you are at the gym 6 days a week but you are set to Mostly Sedentary. I have nearly the same stats as you but I don't get to the gym I would call myself Mostly Sedentary. Adjusting this can bump you 300-500 calories. I would tweak your activity up and your deficit down. 
I second the taco salad. 
yeah I know. It just started so well I wanted to make sure I didn't screw up somewhere in the week. I would hate to get deep into this and realize I've messed up from the start. At times it feels too easy and at other times so hard (like when I make my kids pancakes.) But overall I am enjoying the process.
Thanks. It's hard to know if I am doing it right since there isn't a big group of ketoers to bounce info off of. And my wife just rolls her eyes when I mention about how I need to add butter or cream or oil to something. But I am happy if the scale and the tape measure keep on moving smaller.
Yeah that sounds pretty easy to me. In order to notify the birth of my kids to the US Embassy I have to fill out multiple forms, collect supporting documents, submit everything, wait for them to review that it was submitted properly. Then I can make an appointment for all parties involved to go to the embassy sign the papers in person. Then wait 3 months for the paper work to be processed. It seems easy to fill out your form and have it notarized by an apostolate. Also the US Embassy will do that service you shield check if the finnish one will also. 
Look what your PS2 did to her iron! It's all covered in nasty black goo now. You should do the right thing and buy her a new one.
Howard said last week that he met JD's girlfriend at last years Christmas party


One cup of beer is 125ml. 
I used Fysiokulma for a recurring back issue. They were able to solve my issue and help keep it from recurring. I've been mostly pain free for nearly a year and a half. 
Every week I see TIL facts from several of my favorite podcasts. 
Bababooey Bababooey Howard Stern's penis. 
Maybe he was trying to filter out pulp.
You are pouring from the wrong direction then the spout belongs on the top as you pour. You would think it belongs on the bottom but flip it and it works. But you have to hold back the flap unless you pour long ways with the spout up. But only weirdos do that.
I'm not a Finn but I've been here a decade and this is new to me. But I taught my wife who is a Finn about how you guys sit on ant hills for fun. So clearly communication isn't a strong suit amongst Finns. 
I have a table mounted angle grinder that the same collects under. I always look at it and think I should take a picture for Reddit. Upvote to you for actually doing it.
This is the Game Center bug. There is no known fix (Apple is actually telling people to restore their phone and not apply any backups which makes you lose everything) but Apple is aware of it. Ever since I upgraded to iOS 9 my Game Center won't work and any game that requires it freezes. But games that don't require it work but don't update Game Center info. You can delete those apps through iTunes if you need to. 
They also have an app for your convenience. 
I have a 6plus also. No news app. But I have the battery widget but it only appears when I have my Bluetooth headphones connected. 
Depends on the sauna owner 60-70c is the low end 80c is the norm and 100-110c is when men start trying to prove how macho they are. The size of and shape of the sauna greatly effect the feel of the room my sauna I keep towards 100c because the colder corner is about 80c. 
The lead singer is Robin. right?
I helped build that ship. As well as many others. Royal Caribbean is my favorite.
I called them already. There are eleven crows. 
I don't have an issue with the sound effects but the music ruins it for me. 
So my typo was correct after all. It was a faux Fawkes.
I see Carrot Top mixed with Prince mixed with the Guy Faux mask. 
I mean this in a polite way but is that a dude or a chick?
Good luck. 
Big boy club is near yokylä. And I think they are fairly cheap. And so is m and m. http://www.mmkuntotalo.com/ and http://www.bigboy.fi/
I was going to tell you that's how we eat them in Finland but then I saw your name.
Danske bank has English online banking. Not sure about the fees tough. I haven't noticed anything outrageous but my wife doesn't most the banking. 
Doesn't it look like her knees bends the wrong direction. 
ETM has aged the worst.
Metal worker mostly welding. Our workshop is so noisy that we wear over ear hearing protection anyways so why not slip some headphones under them. When Howard is over I switch to podcasts. 
Does Hanzi believe that TV only broadcasts to his room and it's his duty to record his TV to share with us all. The first couple pages I thought ok he is wierd but no biggie...But then it went on and on and on. Dude needs to go outside meet people and get a little self esteem. It's so low that he turns people off to him upon meeting him. (i.e. His Tinder profile)  
And I actually like Hanzi. I truly don't mean this from a mean place.
Åbo Finland 
I lost 18 out of 35 to them in one attack. My place is rocked.
When I lived in Florida we never took our shoes off but when I moved to Finland it is forbidden to leave your shoes on. The only time you can is if it's a formal thing and you are wearing "party shoes" which don't get worn outside.
Sporf
Give birth. I mean for realz have you seen the amount of gross fluids come out.
I'll make the popcorn.
How long did it take to get I am thinking about buying a buddy one for his 40th bday. 
an answer so obvious I completely overlooked it. You are correct.
If they were drilling at the right speed the chips would be longer and wrap back further. But also you have flutes so far back so that you can sharpen the bit  and not have to buy a new bit everytime it wears our or gets chipped.
Howard already discussed Joey Boots' footage. Spent a while on it too. This video is nearly unwatchable the interviewer steps on everything the guy says and the interviewee can speak a coherent sentence. Sorry to rain on your parade but you are a few weeks late on this one. 
Am I the only one who pulls the cardboard roll from the center and pulls from the middle?
Setting up deep boarders should help. Thank you for the advice. Also the light is just the opposite in Finland summertime is 20 hours of sunshine and wintertime is 6 hours of sunshine. 
Finland. U.S. Zone 5b
This one looks interesting but the lack of waterproof headphone jack is a no go for me. 
I'm leaning towards no but they sound ALOT alike. There was a slight accent to this guy maybe Canadian. And his inflections are dissimilar to Fred's. But I wouldn't give a solid no. It could be him with different recording setup.
I agree with you but Howard is normally very considerate about these thing and dumps out. I honestly feel he didn't realize is what was being said. At least in regards to the phone number which is where I feel it crossed the line. 
Hyvää Suomi!!
I had all but the Egg McMuffin.
I watched that for far longer than I am comfortable admitting to. 
SiriusXM.com  
Just because you haven't been diagnosed, doesn't mean you aren't. 
Something is wrong. My 6+ I've used now for 2 hours since last full charge and it just dipped into 98%. I have location services on and screen about 30% brightness and I have fitness tracking on. Check which apps are using the most battery I would guess you have a rouge app. 
Doesn't everyone wipe with both hands at once? One hand follows the other it's very effective. 
I work in a metal shop and because of the metal dust and risk also of water damage I have to use the life proof on my 6+. But on the weekends I take it off and enjoy it naked. The lifeproof case takes the fun out my phone but it does what I need it to do. 
He has 954 tattooed on his chest
I lost the option to switch off swiftkey. You can go between the different languages but you can go back and forth between the native keyboard. I had to turn it off completely. And since the landscape native keyboard has the cut and paste options and the bold, italics, yada yada yada swiftkey kinda sucks now
I know right ?! When will she come out of the closet as the dook. 
Then what was the [Sulu Dance](https://youtu.be/laWb3cHChyA) in protest of?
I couldn't find anything with my Google-u but if you find anything in Finnish I will gladly help you translate. 
I was hesitant to give up my 4s because I loved the size. My phone died and I needed the best battery apple had so my boss got me a 6 plus it took a few days to get used to but now I can't understand how I managed on such a small screen. I have a very physical and dirty job/work environment which is why I was worried about the size of 6 plus. Make the jump and embrace it you will enjoy it.
This doesn't help your problem but I have the exact same setup and everything works fine for me. Try the simple things like restart your iPad or restore it. Again I'm not pretending to have the answers just sharing my experience. 
They speak like Americans but spell color with a u. Weirdos ;)
Their website says it's not out yet and has a notify me box. 
Thanks for the advice. I don't live in the US so apple care isn't an option. 
Life proof would be ideal but they don't make it for the 6plus
Just because she is the only article you have read doesn't mean she is the only one this has happened to. This is the same exact thing that happened to my wife and I for both of our children. And there are MANY others in the same situation. Not to mention the countless dirty looks you get in the grocery stores by the checkout ladies when you plop the box of formula on the belt. 
Yacky the tickler

Niin.
En mäkään
debbie schlussel 
remove the drawers and reach down into the cabinets
I second this my wife sells eyewear and she forbids me from adjusting them. Her reason is it's real easy to break them and that most places will adjust them for free or a small fee. Also in this guide it implies you want the sides to be level with each other this is misleading most people's ears are NOT level and thus the person to first adjust your glasses made one side higher than the other.  There are many more points of adjustment to get the right fit. This guide is good in a pinch but otherwise let the pros handle it. 
this should be on /r/majorlyawesome if there were such a thing.
I would recommend cutting up an old bike tire. You'll get the exact texture. 
/u/finkelsteiner what a glorious freak
upvoted for being the only one in color. not that I dislike the black and white it's just nice to see them both.
Multigrain Cheerios
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Follow as a young chocolate tycoon loses his fortune to an eccentric man after a tour of his factory goes wonky.
There is a "body language" to driving. Learning it will help you be a better defensive driver.
to have kids.
I used to ride my bike alot. I don't mean like around the block. I mean like 100k charity rides and daily about 30+ miles. There was just something about being on my bike in the fresh air and sunshine listening to music and just being on my own that was liberating and exhilarating.

edit: as an adult I sadly get no joy from it. it hurts my taint.
Meatwad, Aqua Teen Hunger Force
Macon Georgia
Edit: when I posted this it was instantly down voted. You guys make me happy that I'm not alone in this. I am sure there are a couple decent place in Macon but the question is where do you avoid going through and Macon is a police trap and very sketchy so I avoid it like the plague. 
"I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!"
Socially Antisocial Age
Learn to brush while sleeping

Kangaroo pouch.
I think it's unfair how much crap she takes on her looks but I must admit I laughed big time at this comment 
They took down the old version of the Brad Williams episode so they could edit out the rape story. Brad is covering his ass after red bar called him out. [Red Bar](http://youtu.be/wiVqBC8087w) the original video was 3 mins longer than the one they uploaded today and suddenly the rape story is missing.
Barbie and the Secret Door
I hate the noise that is made when someone barely pulls the trigger of a battery powered drill. The sound it makes just before it starts to rotate. Make a man want to destroy.
[Suomen kansallislaulu](http://youtu.be/EeyxRRiv9hY) all rise and hail the mighty Kimi Raikkonen!
I'll tell you it in English and see if you can figure it out. What kind of chicken can't lay an egg? A Carrot! Waka Waka Waka!
Yay! there are other Finns on the internet. Let's all rejoice separately and silently and try to make no facial expression. 
In 1972 she was 17.
Mistä? Mä haluan NYT!
I can't believe that I just watched a dude wash his underwear. 
Björk Björk Björk
A kid toucher at children's book promotion. There has to be something wrong with this legally speaking.
Save button clicked. Will try this soon.
This is the coolest gif I have seen.
Metsämansikkajäätelö nam!
the r is for retarded snoo
I'm from Florida and we call them carts.
[Gamorrean guard](http://www.sideshowtoy.com/mas_assets/jpg/1000061_press12-001.jpg)
Yeah I always save the best for last too. 
Just to help it out here it is queued to her ["performance" ](http://youtu.be/Pln0-1gxHB4?t=1h15m6s)
I hated these as a child. My dad would use them to illustrate "Spare the rod spoil the child." Not the thick ones he isn't a total monster just a mostly a monster. They leave a welt across your ass big time.
We don't exist. 
I appreciate the support but this post is a month old. How far back do you go in the depths of reddit to find a month old no votes post. 
My mom wouldn't buy it. But I remember the commercial. "Nintendo it's for breakfast now. Nintendo Super Mario wow!" Set to the tune of one of the Mario songs
My theory is that the rectangular ones were placed first. Then in order to squeeze the square ones in they took a rubber mallet and tapped them in. Thus slightly packing in the gravel beneath just a smidge more. Since water runs downhill it collects in the center of the pattern.
I-Slam sounds like it IS-lame
is that a moomi party hat?
Jude Law?
It took me 2 and a half hours to put up a hammock. 
I've been there. Great place
Morgan Freeman
With our 2 daughters we have used a combo of Pampers and Libero. Pampers seem to hold well and are more flexible than Libero. But there are some stages where one works better than the other. Mummi ones are so thick and stiff. Lidl ones are ok. And Huggies just don't seem to be as well made as pampers and libero. If you watch the ads you will usually find some deals on bulk diapers and buy them when you can. Just remember babies grow fast and don't buy large quantities of the smaller sizes since they fly through those.
In Finland they cost 11.95 Euro.
And every tool is a weapon if you use it right
And what about the people who answer those questions and even worse answer with a question?
Anything in the cabbage family
elmo's monster maker

I would so party with the dude on the left. The guy on the right I might go to a game of DND with.
I'll just take a break
I always keep in my wallet a paper ruler it folds up to next to nothing and is always there in a pinch. I think I took mine from ikea or the hardware store. 
Fiiiivvvveee guyssssss. Drool. I miss those burgers the most nothing in Finland holds a candle to five guys. He'll even Wendy's would be better than McDonalds and Hesburger
Naked before more sex
you said **LITERS** of budweiser. No self respectin murican would use metric. I think you just outed yerself
I'm not finnish just an american living in finland. i'm one of you.
In the Summertime - mungo jerry
Black socks and sandals
"I extend to you a laurel and hearty hand shake" -Blazing Saddles
When I picked on the fat kid just to keep myself from being picked on. I'm sorry Larry 
Nope. All of them. And why do all women squeeze the tube from the middle and why can't you guys keep the end of the toothpaste clean? 
Why won't women close the lid or put the lid back on (in any competent manner)anything and everything?
Haista vittu! Smell fuck! 
Why do I feel op works for the chive ? Nice try
Mornin dishes
Root beer with barbecue
Toilet paper
You will often meet the guy who zips in and out of traffic at the next light. 
Rather pleasant. Please no spoilers
Meditating. 20mins a day minimum 
Human centipede 
Bosom Buddies
I don't even like tomatoes but this sounds great
Finland!
My favorite is pancakes. They are so simply and can be made 24/7. You always have the ingredients and they can be varied so much with toppings and fillings. 1c flour 1tbsp sugar 2tsp baking powder 1/2tsp salt 1 egg 2 tbsp oil 1c milk. Yum
Cool as ice. 
You must get 30,000 likes on Facebook 
Meatballs or pancakes every country has a version of them
Great now I have to go to the sauna to warm up. See what you did I hope you are happy

There are plenty of Finnish stores in lantana and lake worth. I am certain they will have it
This person is beyond jaded. In my nearing ten years living here I have spent less than 6 hours total in any and all government agencies. When I have been there they have been courteous, informed and down right helpful. There are forms for everything but they aren't quite what the author implies. While I agree alcohol is way over priced I am wondering where this guy found a 70 something € 24pack. Finns understand that not everyone is ok with being naked with everyone else and usually go out of their way to make you comfortable (usually letting you take a separate round in the sauna or going as far as letting you wear a bathing suit). And if you aren't a douhebag to your neighbors, bus drivers, and store clerks they will have no issue with you. Don't expect to be best friends with store clerks and bus drivers but they appreciate a kind word like everyone else in the world. What I am saying is you get out what you put in. 
I read it as Morgan freeman 
I have bought toll house chocolate chips from city market in turku. Doesn't get more American style than that
I made pulled pork yesterday and plan in making corn bread with it. (I'm from Florida) Boston butt is called porsaan lapa and cornmeal is in the grain aisle called polenta. Don't forget the sweet baby rays 
I'm 35 and still hate the fuckers. What really sucks is my 2 kids love them and daddy just has to shut his mouth and be brave. But the first one to touch me eats their costume whole. 
I do this and for no excusable reason. Simply to irritate people who are bothered by it. Down vote me for being an ass but I'm just being honest. 
When I was a kid we played this on the Nintendo but the graphics were better. It had a different name though...
It sounds like Nicole Bass with out a doubt.
Was this a thing? do you know when? Not that I am doubting you I would just love to hear it. Sounds like a good bit. 
100% bad-assery
Kukkakauppa means flower shop in Finnish. 
Source: I'm an American living in Finland. 
I was twinked once. I couldn't sit straight for a week. Ouch
Nobody likes onions, the Duncan trussel family hour, joe rogan, ram dass here and now, alton brown, talkin shit with Eddie ifft, Dan carlin hardcore history and dan carlin common sense
Electricballroom is right in an episode of behind the scenes they showed his setup. He has two banks of what electricballroom linked to. As well as he has the profit system which has the music, clips, robins news, as well as the all the lesser used drops. 
I'm American from south Florida where driving is a nightmare and we never have snow. When I moved to Finland I was able to turn in my Florida drivers license with in my first 18 months of living here and was issued a Finnish license no further testing required.  It makes the locals angry when I mention it because many of them have paid thousands of euros for driving lessons. Hahaha 
His cock measures seventeen.
Biiiig Black Titties Bam a lam woooaaah black titties bam a lam
I was wondering the same thing I thought it was this past week's episode but I didn't see him. 
Anthony zipper father of calistra whom he claimed to have had stuffed. But the whole thing was bogus. It made for a great e show
Tosi hyvää
Miukumauku
Does he really think he isn't balding?! 
Mine was recently stolen I had had it for 5 years. It was perfect and seeing as I don't live state side anymore it is tough to get my hands on a new one. I highly recommend this and other Klein tools. 
I find this hard to believe
Don Felder, Artie and Fred from the show. 
I moved from Florida to Finland in 2005. I won't say it was easy but much easier than I expected. I have a decent job wife and kids and house. I'm living the American dream so to speak
Too expensive.
Finland for all the same reasons as the swedish guy said but we are just better ;)
Yeah they are..(I getcha wink wink nudge nudge) Nice try I fell for then but not anymore.
My brother once tricked me into believing that pickles were made from cucumbers. Yuck.
My four year old daughter helps me change the tires when the seasons change here. And I don't mean she watches and hands me something from time to time. She knows where to put the jack and how to pump it up (granted she can't jack it up fully) and she can't loosen the lug nuts but she can take them off and put them back. She knows that winter tires have a direction and how to check it the tire is no good.
Two cannibals were eating a clown one turned to the other and said "Does this taste funny to you?"
Why did you write "FLICK"?
You forgot to mention that you don't shave a beard you drive a beard. 
Same here. Nothing but the will to quit will work. I smoked for 12 years but haven't in 10. No looking back just quit
/u/phonedojo I hate 99% of his links 
Nobody likes onions, Duncan trussel family hour, talkin shit with Eddie ifft, and joe rogan in that order
Awwww yeah two hundred and forty dollars worth of pudding awww yeah
You're so near to Russia
So far from Japan
Quite a long way from Cairo
Lots of miles from Vietnam

same for me

I would like to comment on this but that would mean social interaction with a fellow Finn and that isn't allowed.
Why did you get mad at Jay Thomas when he asked you about wearing your mother's clothes after she died? 
http://www.marksfriggin.com/phone.htm
Here are a few ways to contact the show. 
Don't forget bong hit Eric and Eric Fred Norris
Thanks So much. I got all my requests plus some very generous giver.
Sorry I was told not to use the tape 
Not to nitpick but he says " mmmm crops". Other than that I agree the push sounds are getting redonk. I may have to turn them off soon. 
Same thing happened to me I dled a game so my password was active and was browsing through some list then it automatically purchased some fishing game and I couldn't stop it. 
Turku has archipelago cruises too check out the boat ukko pekka. I met my wife at the centro hotel she was an intern and I was on a business trip 11 years later I live in Finland married with two kids. But the Finns still wonder why did I go from south fla to Finland 
The chinaman peed on my carpet. 
It's true. http://foodbeast.com/2013/07/19/science-says-testicles-and-anuses-have-taste-receptors/
Imagine the extension cord needed to trim those hedges.
That's the problem everyone is THAT guy. Someone has to be the other that guy. 
But a true Bizarro Bobo would be intelligent. 
In Finland one way of telling someone to "fuck off" is to say "Ski into a tree"
A bowl of Multi-Grain Cereal.
The girl in the picture is Christina Palumbo from the Jay Thomas Show. If anyone was interested.
Thank you soooo much it's like Christmas in October. Way more than I requested. I had bought almost everything the free hard earned way and the only stuff left was the premiums thank you so so much you rock
No problem
We always say that a sniper gotcha. "Did you just see that dude eat it?" "yeah he totally got sniped."
You say they as if I'm not an American. I know what WE use.
That's what I always say. People always think that Americans use only Imperial but every food item you buy shows weight and volume in both. Our speedometers show kmph and mph. Tape measure can be purchased with both units on them. Digital scales can be changed to your liking as well as digital thermometers. In school you are taught both ways and how to convert between the two. 
Silly Brits can't even spell Whales right!
Just get the nfl game pass app. Live hd streaming, pip, scores and background info, coach film, it's a cost but you can pay for as little as a week or for the whole season. It rocks!
I recently bought a family pack of eggs (15 eggs here in Finland) and every last one was double yolk, I would prove it but I was too lazy to take photos every time I cracked one. So Upvote to you fine sir or ma'am for not being a lazy sack of yolk like me. 
In Finland the word for brazing and the word for soldering are the same word. Just a bit of useless info
This made me snort with laughter
People are too sensitive about cold stuff on their teeth I mean come on right?

According to Wiki it's the official jargon. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Popcorn#Jargon
I myself am a mushroom man. 
I get your point but they are cholesterol free. http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/fast-foods-generic/8054/2
I got 5 from throwing darts in krustyland
Please add me Bleeblip all my friends but 2 are inactive
It blew.
These were my thoughts exactly. I'm leaning towards option #1
If your power supply has a 110-230v toggle make sure it is in the right position. 
Is it just me or does it look like it's filled with chocolate milk?
Z. Cavaricci's
It says "Come with me to the bath" to be more accurate.
Have him go to the doctor and discuss how he feels about the meds. There are lots of meds with different levels of side effects. They could maybe come up with one he could say ok to. I had problems with the side effect but only after I took them ,ssri med don't agree with me apparently. I went back and after a few tries I am on some with no side effects at all. But he has to go in there and be honest about it. 
http://www.bookdepository.co.uk/Mindful-Way-Through-Anxiety-Susan-Orsillo/9781606234648 Works for me and I was recommended it through my shrink.
Hands down the original Super Mario Bros. 
Cinnamon toast
Evian backwards is Naive.
I was amused by the 13 euro box of lucky charms. 
Nice try NARC
I'll trade you for some soup chopsticks.
The gif of him is with Jonah Falcon, but the OP's image is Brad.
Musculature 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonah_Falcon#Penis
The guy he is man handling is Jonah Falcon. His dick is so big it has it's own category in his wiki http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonah_Falcon#Penis
Here's a secret I'm American but I live in Finland. The name is just a Finnish play on words with my real name.
Jenki but the one in the plastic box/jar things similar to the picture.
We have these in our gum here in Finland and I always thought it was just a tiny notepad. Boy do I feel dumb.
It's not the end of the line. But the times I've done it there were 10 or so people also getting off. I think it's a matter of the bus gets you from the airport to the outskirts of Helsinki (30-60mins) and the other bus gets you to turku 
Yes and on the schedule it is marked as express. 
Reddit needs more people like you good sir 
onomatopoeia
> David Wilson, a professor at MIT, came up with this baby barbecue requiring no use of firewood, coal, gas or electricity to operate.

So does it grill babies or does it us them are fuel?
Just a side note. The night buses are generally considered express which means they don't make a stop at the ikea to switch buses. Otherwise they are going to stop near the ikea you get your stuff off the bus and then switch to another bus that takes you to turku. Nobody told me this my first time and I was rather surprised.
Barney the dinosaur because fuck kids
I live in Finland but am American, I overheard two guys bitching about all the foreigners in this country (mostly Somalians)they were speaking Finnish, they looked at me realized I was foreign and said "except for foreigners like him he is white. He's the good kind." I wasn't sure if I should be insulted or complemented.   
I actually started drooling
I hear their toilet water rotates backwards.
In his first season he dropped the same line during one of the diary type interviews.  I remember seeing it then and I haven't watched this seasons finale. 
Seanie is on jay Thomas often and he is doing stand up
/r/cringepics 
Iceman defrosted.
Do you actually like Jay Thomas or is it just a tolerance for him.
Add me bleeblip. That is all.
Bleeblip
Nej :(
That is how I read it too. A fedora is a felt hat. And since the article has "see also" and a list of felt hats I would say it's safe to assume that those too are fedoras but have another name also.
I use AV Streamer
American living in Finland here. There is no real difference in Finn vs American coffee. American coffee gets a bad rep because restaurants sometimes cheap out and serve instant. But the average coffee you would drink at home or work is basically the same Folgers tastes just like Juhla mokka. And in both places you can get crappy instant, decent regular, and fancy espresso type drinks. The biggest difference I've seen is Finns don't do decaf.
I found it mildly interesting. However, I thought it was a honorable way of plugging your sub.
I have several great ideas for you but since you are an ass hat I will keep them for myself.
When I was a kid comics were funny.
Judging by the upper case He and Him Veera may have met God.
Why is it that on your blog where you answer the horse/duck question there is a digg button but no reddit button?
I have had numerous iPhones 2 models but 7 or so with warranty swaps and not one has had a broken screen. No matter how many drops. Just my experience. 
"It doesn't matta!"

http://youtu.be/Ii_-IuYd8qE
He was on Jim and Eddie talk shit also and mentioned that she was a great gf. He also mentioned that he is married with a kid now. I don't follow him too closely so that was a big surprise.
This sir is my whole reason for coming to the comments. Thank you.
Troop level 135
10 giants
3 wall breakers
20 goblins
25 barbarians 
37 archers
A dog bed would've worked. Who would put a tree on a dog bed.
I play them at double speed. It's always about being fat, sucking dick, ass fucking, eating ass, eating food, and somebody is a fag. They were funny back in Florida now not so much.
33, 24
I make what I call candied onions. They are onions sautéed then I add butter Worcester sauce molasses sugar and salt and cook it to a soft candy stage. The only person other than me is my loving wife.
When asked if he was nervous going into business meetings with college elite, Jay-Z said, "They'ved read a lot of words, I've lived a lot of life"
My brother used to push down on my head ( as in I was standing and he was pushing from the top of my head towards my toes). He would tell me that he was doing spinal compressions. When I got old enough to know what spinal compression meant, I still hadn't hit my growth spurt. I was certain that he had actually hindered my growth. I confronted him about it and he died laughing that I actually fell for it. There was probably a good 8 years between the compressions and the confrontation. 
Take the time to sit down with whoever in your family cooks. Write down not only all their recipes but full instructions and tips on how to make them. It will make them feel needed and happy and when you are away it will make you feel better when you can make your comfort food.
Boy Legos are ninjago and monster things. Girl Legos are Friends and Winnie the Pooh duplo, or Legos that are non violent
My three year old daughter wants everything from every commercial except boy Legos 
I would think it's fine and acting like it should. http://support.apple.com/kb/TS1579
Apple addresses this on their support site.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capacitor#Hazards_and_safety
Capacitors may retain a charge long after power is removed from a circuit; this charge can cause dangerous or even potentially fatal shocks or damage connected equipment. For example, even a seemingly innocuous device such as a disposable camera flash unit powered by a 1.5 volt AA battery contains a capacitor which may be charged to over 300 volts. This is easily capable of delivering a shock. Service procedures for electronic devices usually include instructions to discharge large or high-voltage capacitors, for instance using a Brinkley stick. Capacitors may also have built-in discharge resistors to dissipate stored energy to a safe level within a few seconds after power is removed. High-voltage capacitors are stored with the terminals shorted, as protection from potentially dangerous voltages due to dielectric absorption.
The capacitors in the circuit board hold a small charge for a bit after being unplugged. This is a normal occurrence in most electronics. Nothing to be concerned with. However if you were to do repairs or maintenance to a device with capacitors you would want to wait until these have fully discharged some can hold quite a punch. 
I am proud of myself for not knowing who the lady was.
My middle finger does that wonky turn like that.  Not as bad but mine is from gripping my pen/pencil too tight when I was a kid during my formative years. I was always writing homework, class work, sentences for punishment...but I guess I would use a ninja death grip. 
The company who launched this line is AMS Marketing. They started in Switzerland and the product originated from Switzerland. The only bit you had right was that the label is the same in all countries. Also this photo was taken in Finland. You can see the Pirkka brand pineapples in the background. Pirkka is the store brand for the K-Supermarkets, Kesko Group.
* http://www.ams-sourcing.com/AboutAMS/History/tabid/2473/Default.aspx
* http://www.ams-sourcing.com/AboutAMS/tabid/2462/Default.aspx
* http://www.ams-sourcing.com/EUROSHOPPER/EUROSHOPPER/tabid/2484/Default.aspx
* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euro_Shopper
I'm an American living in Finland and have come to love Christmas food from here. I have made for my American family rosolli (beet, apple, carrot, pickle, with whip cream that is turned pink from beet juice) and they loved it. The liver casserole is great but I can't attest to home made versions. I love the prune pastries. And my least favorite is the lye fish (lipeäkala). But traditional Finnish Christmas meals are served as such first round it a cold foods medley (various herrings, cold and warm smoked salmon, boiled eggs, boiled potatoes, mushroom salad (mmm), fish roe with cream and shallots, stewed prunes, peas, rosolli. Then round two is ham, carrot casserole, rutabaga casserole, liver casserole, stewed prunes (again), rosolli. Then round three is kisseli, it is basically fruit (fresh, frozen, or dried) could be blueberry, raisin, cranberry, prune, "sun fruits" (orange, pear, peach) added to water and maybe sugar depending on the fruit boiled to soften it then potato flour added to thicken it add a dollop of cream or vanilla cream. Then round four is prune pastries, pies, cakes, cookies, chocolates. Our house this all starts after Christmas peace is read (noon) until 9-10pm. There is booze and trips to the sauna, walks around the neighborhood, visits by santa. 
Lanttu is actually rutabaga not turnip.
It reminds me of this handsome fella. http://youtu.be/fbGkxcY7YFU
I love that it even captured the airbag while it was delpoyed.
I fully agree. I used their guides when my headphone jack was busted on my 3GS iPhone. But Apple has made things more difficult for the DYIer but not impossible.
From door closing to door opening probably 3 minutes. Including hand washing.
I hold my wife and kids to the very last minute and tell them how much they mean to me and how I want them go on with their lives after me.
I would eat sticks of margarine.
if you slip them in a plastic zip lock bag (minus the magnets) you have Snowies and can put them in snow men or snow ball lanterns.
It looks exactly the same here in Finland except we have another section that size of hot sauces and a refrigerator of High Fructose Corn Syrup laden sodas.
I know the guy who owns that company.
Onnea!
It's a very relaxed work place. With very few workers but mostly I listen when sandblasting and when brazing or preparing our materials to braze. But the welding/grinding area never has more than 2-3 people in it at a time and you can always tell where people are.
Damn. Plastic baggy was what I was going to try when I got it back.
I was using AVStreamer HD however it's been buggy since their recent updates and I have switched to Plex and couldn't be happier.
The only downside is with AVStreamer I could take control of my PC which meant I could technically have Flash on my IPad.
Nopea ja mukava on asiointi!

Am I the only one who likes onion rings without the onion?
I own the app but it doesn't show up in the Finland App Store either anymore. Neither does AVStreamer which is made by the same company.

If you delete the podcast app from your devices and iTunes then reboot and podcasts will be back in you music app. I was very upset with the podcast app and reverted mine back. 
There is a book called "What is God?" it is a very basic way to show what all the gods are and what the different groups believe and mentions that people don't have to believe in god. It's geared to children. 
Do you have the weather app in your notification center?
I was itchy at Ikea once too.
It would have made me smile. Not overly dorky, just enough dorky to be endearing.
Guy with the hat.
I don't know a good one but one I had trouble with was flowers first. They only delivered half the flowers they promised and said something about the cost for flowers differs between cities. They were also 2 days late and offered me 10% discount on my next order to make up for my troubles. I also can't get unsubscribed to their stupid newsletter I will never use them again. 
Judging by the chips in the blade in his up close photo. I would say this person abuses their knives. And most likely cleans it in the dishwasher which will cause the blade to be brittle and snap. 
It's from the Pole Dance Karaoke at the Viper Club. He was brought in to open the new handicap accessible bathroom and judge the contest. This was only a few months back. 
It's great to be a Florida Gator.
Find Polar bears. Pet a penguin. 
Garden supply website sell them I'm sure they have a supplier in Australia.
I think I just peed myself a little from laughter.
Coke Vanilla
When I moved into my current house I was over joyed to see that the previous owner had a whole 3 sq. meter patch of those. In Finland we call them forest strawberries and they are so loved that they even sell seasonal forest strawberry yogurts and ice creams. 
Expect alot of "why would you leave paradise to come here?"  but I came here first in 2001 moved fell in love with it then moved here in 2005 and couldn't imagine living in Florida again. 
Fellow Floridian now Turku area resident for life. Enjoy your time here.
Jäger. I woke up down the block from the new years party passed out in some bushes covered in puke. It wasn't a nice neighborhood to be in either. I guess I was lucky that since I was covered by the bush I wasn't mugged, but my sister had a hell of a time finding me.
Am I the only one who sees that it say "ALSO available" as in not the one we are asking you to smell but the other version of this product?
Dougie the puggie

I'm American and I'm not even sure what the OP means. Do you mean Lips and assholes like what hot dogs are made of?
Eric the Ack Ack-tor
How did she find a shirt so big but shorts so small?
We all know "no" means "yes".
I just puked a little in my mouth
Just a safety item. Before you till your lawn make sure you know what is under it. Make sure that there are no yard lights that have power cables buried shallowly. Often the previous homeowner doesn't map this out or follow code. 
The contractor is thinking for the kinda now but more for the future. The technology is in the consumer market at reasonable rates to transfer the output of your DirecTV to transmit  via CAT and on the other end you would have receiver that would turn it back around.

As for the CAT to the speaker lines. That technology isn't as consumer ready at the moment. It's not a bad idea to have the cable there for future purposes, but I would say to run CAT lines to you devices (IPOD dock, AV receivers, SONOS systems, etc.) and speaker wire to the speakers. And if the price is alot for running the CAT in addition to the speaker locations have them run spare conduit with wirepulls in them to make it easier to run the cables when you change your systems. 
You not only carry a piss jug on a plane with you but you whip your dong out on the plane instead of waiting 5 minutes for the line to clear up?
I've never been so lazy. And if I am camping why wouldn't I just pee in the woods?
When my eyes dry out I blink. Or in worst case scenario I used eye drops. 
I just wear contacts rather than deal with the hassle.
The Tightest of Ends.
beach (snorkeling, fishing), library, bike riding,  
I saw a piss porn like this once.
I have so many I made a natural stone campfire pit in my back yard maybe 3-4 feet wide 2 feet tall.
Sawgrass is a good one. Just sharp enough to make people think twice easy to care for and a So Fla native.
Scandinavian countries would be Denmark,Norway,Sweden (DNS=domain name server). Finland is a Nordic Country not a scandinavian country, same with Iceland.
JesusHChrist
My neighbor was mowing the lawn at 7am the other day. I wanted to murder them. But Sundays at a reasonable hour is fine.
Finnish
Get off reddit and go look for it. And call animal control, local Humane Society, and all pounds.
"Man beaten to death with a ham." kinkku= ham lainen= person (kinda)
Hornier than a two peckered owl.
4 hours or less then no. Greater than 4 hours yes and not during meals. 
Sounds strange my peonies aren't a bush. They die off in fall we cut them back to the ground. Bada bing bada boom new plants in spring. 
Ahh... I remember my time as a sinisilmä jenkki....now I'm just drunk and bitter. 
And in Eastern Finland it isn't so rare to see signs with Russian text. And in places like Nauvo the text is Squeedish first then Finnish. 
20% of 0 = 0. That is all.
Yes Yes and Yes.
I am thinking it could be a plum. But there are only 6 blooms on the whole tree. It stands about 4-5 feet tall. Last year there were no blooms at all.
Well said. 
Raspberries are winning the race in my yard.
It has two photos of you on the card and is tied to your fingerprints in "the man's" database. Isn't that good enough

My mom always hid a few eggs in plain sight for simpletons such as yourself
i was thinking the same thing. slash the bitch to pieces.
Would you say that this is related to the one in question? http://i.imgur.com/iHbdDh.jpg
Wow I didn't know how many colors it could be. They are beautiful. 
I just planted our sunflower seeds today. Maybe we get them by Sept.
Yeah I would recommend against it. But don't ditch the speakers you never know when you'll need them in the future.
So am I getting this right that you would want the original 2 speakers that attach to the subwoofer and would want two additional speakers (the Sharp ones) all running at the same time? If that is correct you may run into an issue with the power to them systems like the  QAS50K aren't really built to handle more output than the speakers they come with. You would maybe get enough power but you wouldn't be able to crank it up really. 
With that said if you still want to do this you can get 2 RCA Y connectors http://www.hdcabling.co.za/rca-audio-video-splitter-adapter-ysplitter-rca-male-to-2-rca-female-pi-82.html Then plug the Y connectors into the back of the subwoofer. Plug the old speakers into these 1 into each y connector. The do as I said above run an RCA cable to the other input of the Y Connector and strip the other side and plug into the speaker.
The system is the amp yes. The aux doesn't matter in this problem. The issue is that the receiver has RCA speaker out and the new speakers have standard speaker wire with no connector. 
LA hiways are parking lots. You would have to go to a drag strip to go fast.
The easiest way would be to take a set of rca cables (the cables in picture 2) plug the one end into the system and then cut the end off the other side. You will be left with a cable that has an inner core surrounded by a metal shielding. The inner core is you positive cable (+) and the outer  shielding is your negative (-). Do this twice once for the White cable (Left channel) and once for the Red cable (Right channel). You can split the cables apart if they are stuck together like most are. Hope this helps.
The firepit came about because everytime I would dig I would find another massive chunk of granite. Soon I had a big pile and decided to make something useful with them.
That's the one. Thanks it will be added to my list.

Ok I updated them with the best I could do.
These I have no idea the name not even the Finnish name they are very hearty. They are actually pink and make a large pink carpet in late May-June (Finnish weather time frame). Next to our cottage is a striped variety http://i.imgur.com/wfSRIh.jpg it's pink and white very neat looking when in full bloom.
hortensia aka hydrangea
I didn't name them because well I don't know most of the names. I am originally from Florida and know tropical plants then moved north to Finland where I not only had to learn northern plants but have also had to learn them by their Finnish names. But I can try to go through the ones I know and add them to the descriptions.
Maskussa.
I think you are right about the Huckleberry. It isn't sticky on the bottom of the leaves but they have just emerged. I looked at an old berry from last year and it had a seed in the middle. And some pictures on google look strikingly similar. http://www.duke.edu/~cwcook/trees/gabr.html.

As for the other one I was just putting out there out of eagerness to know. I will wait a couple weeks and post a better picture on that. I have a feeling it's a young plum that just hasn't been blooming or maybe a young apple tree.
kyllä. Most are from last year. 
more like a life little league tip
Tennis balls would work too. You can also paint them any color.
That is the exact place I was thinking. I work around the corner from them and they have tons. And if they don't have it they'll order it.
If Josh was manly.
I can't wait to show this to my vegan friends.
"this one time at band camp"
Nothing says healthy pregnancy like MSG
It's funny... because it looks like him.

The real question is why don't I have a pair yet.
Being an American living in Finland, I often get the "oh American's are so funny and loud and happy" Stereotype(What I am assuming is they see us as wild party people looking for a place to party.) But I feel odd with that stereotype since I am an antisocial-person. I moved here for many reasons and one being that I would get to join(or not join really) my fellow anti-sociallites. But what I have learned is Finns aren't cold heartless people. They simply take some warming up to. The reason People were always friendly to me from the start is because the Finns don't generally need to warm up Americans, since they know our pop culture, they speak our language and they like the opportunity to speak English.  When I took my full time Finnish language course. They encourage the immigrants to be themselves and not try too hard join the Finnish way of life. Which seemed odd at first to me, but after some time I realized (by watching my own interactions with their cultures which were knew to me) I was intrigued by how much I really didn't know about them (Keep in mind I am a man who has traveled the world but also has sometimes crippling Socialized Anxiety Disorder.) One Somalian friend of mine was leaving to do an internship in a Finnish company. I told him "They won't talk to you unless they are ordered to by the boss. In spite of that, go to everyone of them shake their hands, give them the biggest shit eating grin you can dig up. Tell them jokes in any language you communicate and work your ass off." He came back saying he was all wrong about how mean Finnish people are and that they are so much fun.     
Same in Finland. Alko is the sole provider of harder alcohols

Thanks that is actually very helpful. Now it's just a waiting game for the snow to melt. 
I guess I would want to know about what soil type is best, where should I locate them, pruning, and winter precautions. Also with the pineberries are the rules the same as with normal strawberries I do have a successful [forest strawberry patch](http://www.luontoportti.com/suomi/en/kukkakasvit/wild-strawberry), how do the pineberries differ in care from those.
If only it were the toilet you could flush them.
I hear ya. I'm in Turku and I feel lucky because I have one flower bed with tulips that is starting to sprout but the rest of the yard is under half a meter of snow.
Wasteland 104 for Jay Thomas??
And knowing is half the battle.
If you don't stick your tongue in the hole of a pulled tooth, then the new tooth will grow in gold.
It is a regular sweater their head is in one sleeve and their feet are in the other. The neck hole is around the belly.
This is the best thing I have seen on Reddit all week. If I could double upvote you I would.
Am I the only one to read this in the voice of Ali G.
Dirty Hobbits!
That truck is smiling at me. Wuv twu Wuv
And if the dog is smart like mine, she figures out how to spit out the pill and eat only the meat. Just hold your hand under the bottom jaw and point their nose upwards.
Import the file into your library then right click "get info" then on one of the tabs is a drop down menu select podcast and I like the remember play position that way if I change tracks mid show it knows where I left off
Kenny vs. Spenny
I saw the sign - Ace of Base
Try some  [bergenia crassifolia](https://www.google.com/search?q=bergenia+crassifolia&hl=en&prmd=imvns&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ei=khcfT77hBtmpsgagzLigDA&ved=0CCUQsAQ&biw=1280&bih=685) In Finland it's name translates to mountain climber. It is almost impossible to kill. Handles harsh winters well. 
I would post the link in this thread.
[Ben Folds](http://youtu.be/kqPwR39VMh0)
I just want the guy in the front to fart really bad.
I finally fully appreciate Josh. The prank call was amazing. He honestly nailed it. Horse Donuts and whites only. The hardest I have laugh because of Josh to date.
[Soldier's Heart](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Da_Costa%27s_syndrome). This was the explanation of my heart pains. 
I have anxiety issues and when I am in a bad phase a have sharp pains in my chest doctors have checked me out and my heart is fine. But there is a thing called soldier's heart which they have diagnosed me with. It's the physical manifestation of my anxiety. Your brain is very powerful and I say it never hurts to talk to a shrink and there is no shame in taking steps to better yourself.
The nose of the bottom right Hello Kitty in the top picture isn't the same as the others. Is it bad that I notice and am bothered by that but nothing in the bottom picture bugs me?
Episode 16 is when I started listening. Fav episode is when Patrick talked about the word Prattle
I'm with you on the blue.
And a Happy Festivus to you too.

If it was the end of the night and I was drunk and there was no one left in the bar I guess I'd through her a bone. 
I totally agree. It makes me wonder if Josh is right about Patrick's taste in women..
The Crypt Keeper?
my belly loves pussy rubs
http://www04.edu.fi/suomeaolehyva/
http://www.peda.net/veraja/isv/suomi/hm1
These are sites that they gave us in my Finnish class. (BTW I'm American too). Paying attention to what the Finns say is one thing but written and spoken language are drastically different. Go to the book store and buy Hyvin Menee 1 this is the most common textbook for foreigners. It is in Finnish but google translate and some common sense can help you get through the instruction. My best advice is learn the grammar and words structures and the vocabulary will come over time. Also I went to a course paid for by the unemployment office which was full time and it was the best thing I could have done knowing I will live here forever.
Miksi? Siellä on englannin kieli.
Kitties2Diamonds.com but it's now defunct
He is a rapist :: Allegedly:: his name on the show was Dion the cat raper. He would call up rape cats and talk about random things.
The backdrop says George Washington University so I can only assume something with that. 
I works better when you use water not mud. Just a tip.
Rakanishu always sounded like Pikachu to me. 
I would like the tag CurrentResident
When you have to brush at the same time.
I'm an American who moved to Finland and after I saw how few hang ups there were on nudity and sexuality here I realized all my hang ups were stupid and whatever my wife said was ok was really ok. Myself my wife and 2 y.o. daughter all shower and sauna together. It's only weird if you make it weird.
Valio fat free strawberry vanilla. 
I really didn't I made the spoon shape by holding my thumb on the pulltab part while twisting the back 

Again I would rather eat some bacteria than fear it.
I trust the Finnish grocer system far more than I would trust the plates, cups, and silverware in 90% of restaurants in the worlds. I would rather eat a little bacteria than fear it.
Nah. It's the fat free low cal dessert for my lunch.
Props to the redditer who taught me this.
http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/kjb2m/every_time_i_forget_a_spoon/
I worked great until I got to the bottom of the yogurt then my knuckles were getting smeared with yogurts from the sides of the cup.
who knew robots had bellybuttons and giants ones at that.
[Relevant](http://youtu.be/wXTGYGPWtoY) NSFW Language.


The best part is 859 out of 895 found this answer helpful. Gotta love man code.
Can we throw said kittens in the fire that makes me feel cozy
At least it's not the stupid Frye meme.
 "No, I don't need porn. All I need is you." really means I would rather watch porn alone than have to deal with your commentary followed by your insecurities.

I scandinovered it again and it clearly says. "Sometimes the term Scandinavia is also taken to include Iceland, the Faroe Islands, and Finland, on account of their historical association with the Scandinavian countries.[3] **Such usage, however, is considered inaccurate in Scandinavia**, where the term Nordic countries instead refers to a broader group comprising both Scandinavia itself as well as countries and territories that are historically associated with the Scandinavian countries, including Finland, Iceland, and the Faroe Islands."
Finland isn't part of Scandinavia. You don't nordic about Scandinavia.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scandinavia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nordic_countries
I have nipples too...can you milk me?
Andy Kaufman and Terry Schivo.!!
Since when is Michael Jackson hair related to speed metal?
Church of fudge
I can hear the pussy whip crackin' already.
Glue all the pieces together next time so you don't have to worry about it breaking up.
Jim Carrey WOW!
what's a pokemon??
Yeah i love getting drunk and smearing my body in jelly too.
shocker Hogan will sell his soul for a buck.
Yugo!
should be called wonkapedia
Found him.
Plowling ½ planking ½ owling
You are doing it wrong. [] goes are the M if you're a dude.
is it just me or could this be the user avestis?
you probably think Hebrew is sexy too 
this from a man speaking in yoda
Tosi Fiksu

Only she can make russian sound sexy
This thing doesn't know anything it said I was Blec but I am white.
aren't 5 and maybe 7 NSFL
so the blood doesn't drip on the ring when you are having your "lady days"

MC Hammer called he wants his pants back.
a midget?
Biscuits and gravy
or Pancakes
I think the no eating before a work out is more about cramping and nausea. And you feel tired directly after a meal. But that is my amature opinion.
American cheese slices on the car windows are good in the daytime. When they melt the oil in them is a bitch to clean off the windows are greasy for weeks.
Watch "Home Alone" and take notes.
http://www.alibaba.com/showroom/sca-sm-radio.html
I'm pretty sure he means SM there are such things as SCA/SM RADIOS. They say AM FM and SM on the dial.

Here's a bit of info... http://www.blackcatsystems.com/radio/sca.html
::Insert Title:: Murphy
When I lived in the USA (birth-25) we always had one. Then I moved to Finland and I heard that Americans don't use these I was surprised.
I think my record is about 7 seconds.
Remove the one photo of porn from each. Then burn 'em.
granny?

In Finland they have whole aisles of rye products. 

My question is were in Finland did you find a ziploc bag. Please tell me cause the ikea equvalent isn't the same
Isn't that the gay announcer for the Howard Stern show?
And here i thought he was a brick with unicorn jizz all over him.
TPS reports in triplicate.
his llama...
Howard Stern complains about his in New York regularly.
Finland too.
Also many headphones are shaped at slight angles for comfort switching ear would make them less comfortable. 
Is this one of those magic eyes. Cause i see a sailboat
If you can't beat 'em join 'em
Who?
who?
I second this
Dubstep
Sadly I was on Digg I even stayed there after the new version. Just recently I made the switch for good. Reddit is far superior.
It bothers me that they are out of order.
Did you ever think it's because there are more American English speakers than British?
Munahuivi
Tomin työkaverit ovat paskapäät. 
Nobody Likes Onions (cause it's LOL-funny)
Freakonomics (cause it's creative)
Distorted View Daily (cause it's twisted)
Chris Porter's General Store (cause it's insightful)
Gentlemen Scumbags (cause the Abbreviation is Gentscum)