I agree. The moto e4 is amazing for the price. But it still has its draw backs. It was an amazing phone and still is until you upgrade. The biggest thing i noticed when i upgraded was the lcd vs amoled screen and the 2gb of ram. Other than that it's a great budget/temp phone.
It could be the heating when your doing extensive tasks. Keep in mind most if not all phones are passively cooled. Or it could be that your using a metal case that was poorly designed and blocking your antennas which would cause them to use more power trying to get a stronger connection.
FM app currently works on my moto e4. Maybe its lockrd by different carriers?
Congratz on your new laptop OP. You can download HWmonitor which monitors all your temps. Also msi afterburner is a good software to have to monitor and do small over/under clocks on your gpu. Happy gaming :)
Motorola definitely doesn't! They can't slow down something they don't even update 🙃
Moto e4 from a galaxy s6. Its actually a bit more snappy when doing normal tasks, probably because its running pretty much stock android. Amazing battery life compared to the s6 plus removable back. Downside kf the phone is probably the 720p screen. Not super great but youll notice it coming from an amoled display. Camera is ok. Very bad in low light but does the job in good lighting. Pretty much an all plastic build phone so it doesn't feel premium or as slim bht hey its a budget phone after all. Id say im pretty happy with it.
I got the same text for lte as well, on a moto E4 from freedom but on the older legacy 35 plan, i have the old sim in as well and im getting lte. The speed between lte and 3g is crazy..
I just got it too on my E4. I had the legacy plan before and i didnt have to change my sim or anything, just got a text, restarted my phone and i got lte!
swag
Anything more than 2666 is dimishing returns. You should be fine with that kit.
I have mine running at 4.4ghz@1.17v right now. It could be that you didnt win the silicon lottery :/ When i stress mine with prime95 it's max temps were 70c.
Squaddddd
970 is definitely an upgrade. If you can return the 1050ti that would be great!
He did say he only wants to run os and overwatch so 120gb is more than enough. If OP ever needs more they can just add an extra ssd or hdd. I would agree about the 1050ti but if this is your max budget a 1050 will be enough.
Not really. Went fron a 2k to 720p and i only notice it in mostly photos and some videos. Its not that big deal to me since a phone is so small but if this was on a monitor or tv the difference would be night and day. I think types of monitors would be more noticeable like oled vs samoled, lcd.. etc
I agree. I only got good temps after adding 2x140mm fans as intakes. The fan noise isnt that bad but it is noticeable underload. I get about 33-39 temps on idle.
yeah amoled blacks is amazing. But burn in still an issue you have to keep in mind
yeah :/ unfortunately the iphone se is the closest thing to that. For android maybe the new xz1 compact but that is flagship pricing. 
I completely agree about the speed. It feels very fast for a sd425. Screen isn't noticeable unless you are viewing 1080p+ content or beside a higher res screen. For everyday use battery is amazing.
Da real mvp
Moto e4/e4 plus may be your cup of tea :)
P.s e4 regular size has a plastic body and removable battery
Got a moto e4 after my s6 decided to commit sudoku. The e4 is pretty fast for a low end phone since its running stock android. Biggest con is probably going from a 2k amoled to a 720p lcd and camera. Most low and mid tier phones will suffer in low light photos.
7700k is a dead platform but it gives you greater ipc and overclockabilities. Dont think the jump to ryzen is a big upgradr but a side upgrade. Why not just get a better gpu instead?
Not sure if theres any program like this but you can try to run a virtualbox and then control both mouse cursors with one mice.
Or buy one more stick to make it 4x8gb ;)
Weaker dollar compared to USD. I believe 100 usd is like 75ish canadian :(
Are you trying to say how your s2 ran with a smaller battery? Its most likely due to a lower clocked and lower power processor. Plus android back then didnt have a lot of features so you could get away with a 600mhz processor and not drain your battery like mad :)
Looks good. If you could squeeze your budget a bit more id op for 16gb ram (2x8gb) and a ssd. Might push you over 800 but its well worth it in the long run, esp sincr you are planning to multitask.
2679
Loooool only a matter of time till oneplus releases the 5t
yeah it was for a motherboard :(
Atleast you got yours :( been 2 months for me
Have a blackwidow and deathadder ( 2013 and before versions so blue leds) never had any hardware issues with them. Synapes had its issues when it came out. Maybe its just their headsets?
If you can try to get a cheap 1x8gb ram and a bitfenix case can be had cheap. Other than that everything should run 1080p 60fps no problem.
Moto messed up on everything above the g5+ specs and price wise. Feel like they did well on the g and e line even though their design is bland throughout.
Does it come with another bracket for you to fit?
Removable too. I believe it uses the same as the g4 play so its easy to buy.
It is but it doesn't come with stock android. It also doesn't have a lot of North American LTE band support.
yeah its not the worst camera it gets the job done but i came from a s6 and theres a noticeable difference indeed. Other than that the fingerprint scanner is blazing fast and stock android really flows well with this setup!
Have the e4 non plus version with the snapdragon and it can last me 2 days with medium use and a day and half with heavy use. The phones just so efficient with the sd425 and 2800mah battery 720p display. Only downside is the camera sucks donkeys but what do you expect from a cheap android device.
I got the moto e4 with my old windtab before they totally took it out :( its only freedom tabs now 
Dont think the global version works on freedom
Id say get the 1080 even for 100 more. 1070 prices is too close to it. It doesnt hurt to futureproof it ;). Also a higher end card doesnt have to work as hard ao less stress on the card. Just make sure the model your getting has good fans/cooling
I would say the e4 from freedom. Phone feels fast and comes with pretty much stock android
Not available in canada. We only get the moto e4
This is why Canadians are nice
I think side power and volume buttons are more popular. The zenfone 2 had it  but was widely critiqued for its choice with a 5.5 inch screen. Your best bet now is to get a finger print densor in the back like the v20 or g6. I dont think any phines right now have only buttons on the back
If you dont mind used you can probably find a 780ti or gtx 960 for around that price. You save on the tax :)
I would wait for the pixel 2 since its coming out very shortly. I had a s6 but it broke down so i grabbed a moto e4. Even with the inferior specs on the e4 it feels so much faster than my s6 due to it havibg stock android and no bloatware
1. Stock android
2. 1080p 5.5 small bezel display
3. SD 660 4GB RAM
4. 5000mah battery
5. Back fingerprint censor and capacitive buttons
The zenfones right now are havibg issues with not being able to call 911 so be careful of that. Not sure if they fixed the problem yet. In canada you can grab a moto g5 (not plus) at virgin mobile for around 249+tax and sim card fee ($10) and unlock it for another 3. Just a bit of work but comes to about 300 including taxes.
Thanks for the reply!
ottawa isn't using the unique lte 66 band but using lte 13 i believe. That one is supported in more mainstream/older phones
Noise might just be from the camera.
Z2 play is going to be about 650 price range :/ not really budget territory anymore
Still using my S6. Has everything i need. Only issue is the battery life. This thing has the smallest battery for a flagship device. get about 2hrs to barely 3 hr screen on time a day. Sort of interested in the OP5 but in Canada its about 735 dollars getting shipped here. I can pay a bit more and get a G6 or S8
There should be a abp add-on for the new samsung internet browsers. should be a simple add and install and you won't get those annoying pop-ups. Works Great!
Yeah i meant and sorry about that
I would also recommend the ryzen due to more cores and threads. Ryzen 1700 should be fine and will cost about the same. But if you guys decide to stick with intel its best to get a z270 board. It will allow you to overclock amd make use of the newer 7 series features like octane 
pm'd
Don't think the G5 Plus is coming at all to Canada. For the XA1 Ultra, it could be released at a later date. Just give it some time, Freedom is slowly releasing more mid and low range smartphones supporting the new Band 66 LTE frequency. 
I have the $35 2gb plan as well. I believe it was a $150 tab before. If i were to upgrade now would i still get that $150? If i switch to the new LTE plans will i lose that tab?
I got the update today. Its released the same time as Bell. Surprisingly both Bell and Freedom got the update out before rogers and telus.
The best way for me was to Co op as you get two times the skills, double hp and save on stam.
F1: hope it doesn't bind your leader and kill it by doing the max combo
F2: kill one with sheria roots skill and slowly kill the last predra while still healing
F3: Burst it if you can, it will regen to 50%, when it does that just use sakuya's skill gravity to bring it below the resolve threshold
F4: make sure you have a full orb for the 49x multiplier, if not you use your other sheria roots+kanna skill to break through the 1.5mil armour
F5: make you sure you kill it first turn, you can kill it second turn but then you'll have to do atleast a 6 combo (just adds more pressure)
F6:Your other sherias should be up, use it to clear the beelzebub board
F7: use all the gravity skills you got to bring her below the one shot threshold ( i believe its 65%?) then gauge the amount of orbs you have and use your other kanna kill to max out damage.
Are you running android 7.0? If you are the game might not be updated to suppot android 7.0 yet. You can try to go on their new forum site and try to make a post so maybe a dev can see and push for an update asap.
Yeah keep them if you want a row team, it sounds fun!
Just wait for the upcoming godfest and roll. Maybe you'll get lucky and get some GFE that are worth some MPs.
You have a decent board for You yu, but your XM team isnt that bad either. I'd say sell your extra green dupes and lights that you don't need.
I'm going to have a hypermax you yu on day one too but I used my BF already but feel free to add me too. ID 369 680 270
PAD is really picky about rooted device. I believe this tablet is of Chinese origin and probably came rooted standard. Rooting on android devices allow for custom software and customization that normal devices would regulate. PAD restricts rooted users because it doesn't want any potential hacks from users.
Match 4 red orbs to trigger tpa to get the most damage out. Be aware that the boss Aamir tanks any single damage over 500k for 2 turns so be prepared to bring heart orb changers or tank the 2 hits.
After years of singing, doing live concerts, and what not, do you feel like your voice is dying/feeling more faint than before?
arghahahahahh -all murlocs
Regi have you considered picking up other teams from different games like Starcraft or Dota?
earth rune skarner.....
how often do you guys take a break from practice?