Yeah the folks who actually popped into my stream said the same thing. And I made sure to exhaust the dialogue options so I have a decent idea of where I'm going and what I'm doing. 
SO MANY TIMES. 
Heyyy man. Thanks for all the encouragement. Especially the part where you told me to explore knowing what would happen. I'd almost be cross if it wasn't so fucking funny.
Excellent. I hate when open games give you absolutely no indication of where to go next, and you wind up having to google shit or find a walkthrough.
All good, spoiler free info, thank you. I'm sure I'll forget it all in the first 10 minutes though, hahaha.
Fair enough lol.

I'm not looking for spoilers though. But your logic does make sense. Please tell me the game gives you a clear idea of which area to visit next though.
*"Well hello there Mister Cell..."*
Damage you can't avoid that the game punishes you for. 
Ouch. 
I like how he's wearing the same grin he sketched. 
GRIFFISSSUUU!!! 
Oh yeah good point. 
This show is such garbage. If you're interested at all in watching it, save yourself the frustration. It's fucking crap. 
Pat's pyramid head is a manager-esque figure who gurgles barely intelligible "get in here we need you" and "we're gonna talk about this on Monday". 
That explains everything though Paige. Why you're apparently crazier than Pat, why you're a designer baby with lupus and a neck made of cupcake sponge, EVERYTHING!! We're all just figments in a comatose ginger midget's angry brain, buzzing around like wasps. 
Then she's gonna smash a coffee mug and threaten to delete the Doctor only to retract it seconds later, thus perpetuating his constant state of existential fear. 
Thanos used the Water stone.

IT'S INFINITY WATER
Yeah I was sitting there thinking "that would either go really well or really badly, but I want to see it." 
Considering his dad was the Third Doctor... 
Yeah but it *might*. Pat has anxiety problems, he's talked about them before, how his brain assesses a situation and will start to come up with the worst, unlikeliest but still possible scenarios and then it snowballs out of control until he can't do anything or make a decision. 
Not difficult though.








Because he's short. 
Followed by "I don't know what to doooo!!!" 
"OH NOOOooooooo...!!!" Jesus the sheer panic in his voice had me in stitches. I guarantee his anxiety brain immediately started giving him images of broken pipes, expensive plumbers, exploding toilets, homelessness and bankruptcy. 
> Hulk's still hasn't been explained and probably never will. 

Hulks was, ironically, more than likely of him going out of control and hurting the people he loves. In the shots of his face you can see that his eyes are red and puffy, like he's been crying.
That's not why I need it. If you actually read my post you'd see I specifically said I'm not looking for it to be upsampled. 
Has to be LPCM over HDMI. The Pi hardware supports it because you can do it with Kodi. 
At previous jobs I got chewed out for having just an eyebrow piercing. It wasn't a big nasty one, and it had very small jewelry in it, so much so that you had to look for it to notice it.

Present day rolls around and people show up to work looking like a fucking peacock at the zoo and screech about freedom when they're asked to look a little more professional. 

Fuck everything. 

Me, bitter? What gave you that idea... 
He has a neckbeard, a receding hairline, and what hair he DOES have is bright fucking purple.

What even is this world anymore? 
Yes, yes it is. 
Here I am!! I am the master of your destiny!! I am the one, the only one

*I am the God of kingdom come*

#GIMME THE PRIZE!! 
Man he was so good in that role. Giant ham, the way he snarled out his lines, but SO GOOD. 
>US one

It was fucking GARBAGE. It turned out to be a VR experience the dude was having on his way to Mars to see if there was life on it.

In other words, more proof that Americans think "subtlety" is a dirty word. 
Hellraiser.

Awesome cult 80s horror film with epic music, iconic bad guys and quite a bit of gore. 
The relevant trope is "killed mid sentence". Another good example is one of the characters in The Expanse has his head taken off by a rail gun shot. 
Anachronicity would be another way of putting it. 
Me and my friends call him Budget Hardy or Low Rent Tom. 
Which is why I'd bet good money on them trying to get it canceled soon. 
The Sleep stone. 
Dat ass doe. 
Terrible, but she's easy on the eyes and looks good naked. 
Because SyFy is a blazing train wreck. 
> I thought that galactic mergers led to spherical galaxies. 

Only if the galaxies are similar enough in size and mass to disrupt one another. These events were probably more like the Milky Way absorbing smaller galaxies with only minor disruption to itself.
> Cretaceous/Tertiary (KT) boundary, 

Minor correction, they apparently call it the Cretaceous-Paleogene boundary now.
They know that a huge asteroidal impact happened at roughly the same time as the apparent extinction of most of the dinosaurs, thanks to the K-Pg boundary possessing an unusually high amount of iridium, which is an element largely found in asteroids.
Worse than dying - he's being erased.
He's Baldur, there's pretty much no other member of the Norse pantheon that fits as well as him.
It got burned and charred and pitted, but considering he then used the Space stone to open a portal and escape, the functionality of it and the stones doesn't seem diminished at all.
> True BUT if they did that it would cheapen the death of Loki and Gamorra etc. because they could just bring them back but won't for reasons.

I reckon they're going to go with the idea that they can undo the action of the finger-snap itself, but anyone that dies before or after the finger snap stays dead. That's what's gonna keep the stakes high in Part 2, and it would be an easy way to keep Gamora and Loki dead.
> Half of the world disappears,

Correction.

Half of THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE disappears.
Later on there's that scene with Thor that shows that they probably couldn't have mortally wounded him if they tried.
The problem the other studios have is this: they're basically looking at a picture of a finished cake, saying "We can do that too" and then ignoring the recipe. When they make a flaming trash pile that gets worse the longer you look at it, they throw their hands up and say "BUT WE COPIED THE PICTURE AS BEST WE CAN, FUCKING MARVEL FANBOY SHILLS".
> Then in A4 he's just tending to his garden

No joke, after the good guys beat him and take the gauntlet back in the comics, he becomes a farmer. Adam Warlock visits him and Thanos confesses he's glad to be rid of the power it gave him.
And then as he's disintegrating he looks right at him and says "Tony... *I'm sorry, I'm sorry...*" and Tony's expression breaks.
> A white hole?

So this thing's spewing time... back into the universe?
Overly dramatic and for some reason I pictured you wearing a fedora. You could have explained this story in a third of the time, but borderliners oh so love their embellishments. 
Lol all these flavours, and you chose salty. 
As they should. "Alternative" cancer remedies are at best a money-grubbing con and at worst actively harmful to your health to the point where the cancer can actually become worse.

I wouldn't expect any of the supporters to understand that though - they'd just dismiss it as "big pharma/cancer propaganda".
Cool. Hope that helps you with the knowledge that they're likely to do this to a lot more people in your stead.
Well then what the fuck are you doing in a "spoilers" thread?
Trash them publicly. Direct people to their competition. FIND ANY CUSTOMERS WHO WERE YOUR "REGULARS" AND POACH THEM.

Don't take the "high ground", it is not remotely worth it and will always make you resent what happened. 
Trash them publicly. Direct people to their competition. FIND ANY CUSTOMERS WHO WERE YOUR "REGULARS" AND POACH THEM.

Don't take the "high ground", it is not remotely worth it and will always make you resent what happened. 
> But thinking about it in the instant they did lose. 

I'm not sure how many different ways I have to say it to make it clear to you that they needed to lose first...
Absurdly fake. Where the fuck would this plot even come from?
What was the spoiler? Because unless it was extensive, they likely didn't spoil much. And if it was two words, beginning T for the first one and W for the second one, the only responses should either be "no shit" or "foregone conclusion".
Dude. The front of his brain was mashed up. Do you remember how many neurons they mentioned were in there? It wasn't a small number, and it seems the only person who could work on a system that complex is now dead. Bruce already flat-out admitted neither he nor Tony had the expertise necessary to take on a task like removing the stone - do you really think they could somehow repair the damage and find a way to bypass the need for it? Because that sounds a lot harder and more complex.
He had a benign tumor on his vestibulocochlear nerve - it was removed but resulted in deafness in his left ear and transient partial facial paralysis.
I have a little more consideration for other people than to be inappropriately exuberant in public when it would be unduly disruptive. A concert is a little bit of a different environment than a FUCKING MOVIE THEATER.

That's what you call an "equivocation fallacy", btw.
Indeedly.
I mean "great" as in the scope of his achievements. Dude wiped out LITERALLY half of the universe's population with a fingersnap.

That's nothing to sneeze at.
They think they're the only person in the room, the rest of you are just NPCs in their story.

It's fucking obnoxious as hell. They usually go through life with the same amount of inconsideration for those around them. Garbage people - and they raise their kids to be the same, based on the cinema crowds I've experienced.
Not gonna happen, sadly. Feige hates the TV MCU and at this point it's all but confirmed to be a separate universe. Shame, really.
It worked well enough to properly utilise the Space stone.

I think it was just mangled from the energy output of the fingersnap, but whatever magic allowed it to work continued to function.
Lol ok bro.
Yeah I remember that being a thing too.
It wasn't completed because we saw a bunch of shit disconnect from the stone when Thanos RIPPED THE FRONT OF HIS SKULL OFF.

Either of those two things are kind of beyond the remaining heroes' ability to repair, at least right now.
Well you're gonna see him in Captain Marvel - he's confirmed to be back.
I was hoping someone would pick up the reference. But yes, it's basically the same concept. Although in this case the "bad guy" isn't a nutcase racist wizard named Tom.
Beating him as in taking his victory away and largely reversing it. Or in other words, to be a bit cliched, he's won the battle but the war is still going.
Yes, but it's fine if it's not leaned on constantly or done with no negative repercussions or importance to the main storyline.

It's established in Doctor Strange that messing with time is not a good idea, and thanks to the events of THIS movie it looks like they have no choice in the matter. So the Time stone is going to demand a price, just like the Soul stone did. 
Yup. It's his great power/great responsibility thing. Functionally what he's doing is the same as burning back the edges of a forest so it doesn't overgrow and choke itself and other things to death. Yes, it sucks for the 50% that get culled, but he's literally trying to save the whole universe.

Considering the MCU doesn't seem to contain Eternity, Galactus, and the other cosmic powers, there might not actually be anyone keeping the universe's rampant expansion in check. Which only serves to strengthen Thanos' position. 
Well Thor speaks Groot, so maybe "Tree" is Groot's real name? 
> screaming everytime he was on screen.

People who do that should be kicked out of the fucken cinema. 
You actually can't accuse him of genocide because he doesn't wipe out an entire species or planet. 50% of a world's population is nowhere near enough to bottleneck it. He takes an evenly distributed 50% of the UNIVERSE. You COULD call him a mass murderer though. 
That's why some more of them are going to die and likely stay dead. 
Because they can still fix it. The stones still exist. The Gauntlet can still wield them even after being trashed by the fingersnap.

You made the same mistake everyone but Strange did by assuming "winning" meant stopping Thanos on Titan and preventing him getting the final 2 stones. What it actually requires is letting him get his victory and then undermining it and eventually nullifying or reversing it. 
He kinda did. Terrible... but great. 
Part of the reason he's compelling and the whole "hero from his perspective" thing works is because there is proof that his philosophy works - as he said, the planets he's saved are now THRIVING. 
Feathers could blind you. Like you said, bubbles just hurt, a little bit. 
Could be Miles Morales in the next movie. 
"Trillions" is massively under stating it. 
They call that a "godzilla threshold". Remember that in previous films he had complete faith in the Avengers and even in the first one they weren't facing anything REMOTELY as bad as what happened here. 
No, all of the stones have a distinct look when they're being used. Power is a purple energy wave, Space is a smoky black and blue cloud that almost looks liquid,  Reality is a rippling crimson that looks composed of tiny crystals and so on.

I think it's fine to assume that the Time stone looks like that when it's in use. Maybe the Masters of the Mystic Arts were taught something by the Time stone, thus their magic looks similar to the patterns it creates, 
Time travel is fine if it's done properly. 
Yup. And how you can see parts of her brain are separated from the rest, enclosed in some kind of shell, and then connected with cables.

One scene demonstrates better than any dialogue why Nebula is so angry and lashes out at everyone in her previous appearances. Like, she has the convo with Gamora in GotG2 about it but actually seeing what was done to her (by seeing how she can be taken apart) was super rough. 
> AND THEREFORE ALL THE CONSEQUENCES MEAN NOTHING

We haven't gotten to "consequences" yet, we're only halfway through the story. Some of them are definitely staying dead, and some more are going to die before the end. We don't know who.

Personally I think your point of view is overly narrow and reductionist. 
I think the collector is dead. 
I've been reading comics for a looooong time, lol. I know the bags of tricks these movies pull from.
That will more than likely be either exactly what they do, or ALMOST exactly what they do.
Was it a two-word spoiler about anybody winning or losing?

If so, you should have replied with "foregone conclusion". Trust me, he spoiled very little if that's all he said.
I agree, like I said in another comment, given that these movies are supposed to be a "changing of the guard" in the MCU, killing the original Avengers wouldn't be a surprise.
It's worth noting that Strange did nothing to stop him even though he'd literally seen this timeline - I'm thinking his actions were integral to that 1 timeline where the heroes win.

Everyone else thought "win" meant killing Thanos there or stopping him before he got all the stones, and Strange didn't correct them because they'd never accept that gaining victory required Thanos to gain it first.

Same way Raiden couldn't convince Liu Kang that they needed to let Shao Kahn win before the Elder Gods would step in. It would sound absolutely batshit insane to anyone who didn't have the power to see the future.
It'd be too late to bring in the Cosmic Powers now. The relevant trope would be "giant space flea from nowhere".

I agree though it'd be awesome to see them.

I think if the Celestials were still around they would have stopped him or at least shown up during the fight. No, the solution is gonna be a lot more main-character-centric.
Like others are saying, Ant-Man and the quantum realm are going to be part of it, Cap Marvel's powers will be useful for catching Thanos off-guard when he inevitably fucks up and sabotages himself (something that he does frequently in the comics).

Gamora's death is going to drive something in pt2 as well. At the end of this one Thanos looks content, but I don't think it'll last.
> Nit Thanos at full power 

Thanos was at full power, the gauntlet wasn't but close enough to make the difference arbitrary. Thanos needs to close his fist to "activate" the gauntlet, and for that fight he wasn't.

So Steve isn't remotely strong/powerful enough to stand up to an in-use activated gauntlet, but he CAN present an obstacle to Thanos in terms of raw physical strength.
It's only the first half of the conclusion.
Strange coulda stopped him and didn't. His actions were required for the 1 timeline where Thanos loses.

What Strange didn't tell anyone (because they would never understand or accept it) is for the good guys to win, Thanos has to win first.
Can't she also channel the power of a white hole? Makes her go all glowy and her hair becomes fire.
> But i'm wondering if the 1 outcome where Dr. Strange says the heroes will win is the one that we are currently on. 

It absolutely is. They wouldn't go to the effort of having that scene and then not do something with it.
Vision - maybe.

Gamora - probably not.

Loki - could go either way, but his death was horrid.
Redemption equals death.

It's a trope.
> The way Peter held onto Tony is just so heartbreaking and I cried hysterically throughout half of the movie. I still wanna cry right now. 

"I don't wanna go I don't wanna go I don't wanna go... Tony... Tony *I'm sorry...*"

I was sitting there basically unable to breathe when that happened.
Thor getting Stormbreaker was a red herring, I guarantee it.

Thanos can't be killed right now by any weapon forged by mortal hands. The one thing that will do him in is what always does him in - he sabotages himself due to deep insecurities. Yes, that sounds corny but it's what allowed the good guys to win during The Infinity Gauntlet minisiries in the comics.

They'll be able to strike AFTER that and potentially beat him but it'll still be hard. Trying to BEFORE it happens will be doomed to failure.
Some of 'em are definitely staying dead. And perhaps some of the ones left will have to trade their lives to bring the ashed ones back, thus fulfilling the "changing of the guard" these movies are allegedly supposed to be.
Nah. If you're familiar at all with the comics then a lot of the events of the movie are a foregone conclusion - but that's ok because we're not there to see that, exactly.

We already know Thanos is going to win 5 minutes into the movie - he effortlessly murders all the Asgardians save 1, crushes Loki's neck, and literally beats the Hulk so hard he's scared to appear afterwards, and gets 2 stones, making him the most powerful in the Universe.

What we're there to see are the small events leading up to the foregone conclusion, which will lend context to it.
Exactly 50% of the population of 

#THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE

No, that is not a joke.
Actually I think he was actively in the middle of a breakdown for most of the movie because of the events of the opening scene.

I mean he basically opts to go on a suicide mission and admits he has nothing left to lose, meaning he already considers his life forfeit.

Thor is **_broken_** and he knows it.
Way to reduce his philosophy to absurdity, dude.
>  The post-credits scene has maybe my favorite joke, even though the context is really dark.

The final shot of the pager though, and what appears on it. Marvel knew how to take a situation they'd established as being TOTALLY HOPELESS and then show us something that turned that on its head.

Can't wait for the Captain Marvel movie.
I wonder if the vision that Wanda gave him back in AoU was the Mind Stone trying to warn him the same way it was warning Vision? His is the only one that has stuck with the franchise since it happened, and changed everything about the character's behaviour permanently since.
I got the impression he was doing that specifically to mock their attempts. Can you think of anything less threatening than bubbles?
I was about to say "she'll be back" but then I stopped and realised that she probably WON'T be. She didn't get turned to ash, she was killed. And given WHY she was killed, it would make sense to have her STAY dead.
His philosophy is essentially based on what they call a "cold equation". Another good example I can think of in semi-recent fiction is in "Sunshine" when they're running out of oxygen and they have to kill one of them for the rest to survive.

At that point you can't think about emotions or attachments or anything, because if you do, EVERYONE DIES. You have to think about it in a purely logical way, in a way that people would consider cold. Hence, "cold equation".
Because he likes making it personal. Loki's death was fucking horrible. The only other scene in the movie that made me more uncomfortable (to the point of actually feeling physically ill) was Nebula's torture scene.
> Emotionally, he's fascinating. I have never seen a villain this...endearing, in the MCU. All of his scenes with Gamora completely sell him as a being highly capable of love, but willing to put that aside for what he sees as the greater good.

And as we learn with his explanation of how Gamora's planet is now thriving, **he can't be called WRONG.** 
Yeah for me Groot was 2nd saddest and Spidey was saddest.

Fuck me that ending was **_brutal_**.
I loved that. As soon as Ego confessed to giving her cancer the guns were out and he didn't even have time to finish his next few words before they were firing on both barrels.

Don't fuck with Pete's loved ones.
Nah that was Gamora in the Soul Stone talking to him. I'm not sure if the movie version is exactly like the comics version, but there's an entire astral universe of souls inside the soul stone (in a place called Soul World) who don't know they're dead.
Yup. The question isn't if people are coming back, of course they are.

The question is HOW they're coming back, and who ISN'T.
Yeah I'm so glad I didn't spoil myself on that before going to see it.

For like 2 hours afterwards I'd just randomly say to my girlfriend "DAT RED SKULL CAMEO DOE" and she'd say "I KNOW RIGHT?!"
The Gauntlet is burned and smoking but still whole, and the stones still work fine, as evidenced by him utilising the Space stone to escape and probably multiple stones to restore Titan (assuming that's where he is at the end).

And yeh he's a lot less powerful but at the same time he's still practically unbeatable. If it was like the comics he would have won in 5 seconds flat and we wouldn't have a movie.

They had to make him seem beatable so that they could give us hope - which they then took away by showing that he's actually not beatable until he makes the inevitable mis-step that's endemic to his character.
Oh he'll be back, don't worry. Most of the people who ashed are coming back. That's not what we're gonna watch the next movie for.

What we're watching it for is HOW they come back, HOW the good guys win and WHO stays dead.
That shot of Groot going to ash and then fucking Spider-man's death was a huge one-two punch right in the feels.

Can you believe they're actually catching flack for how brutal and downer this movie is? Like what did they want, some kind of magical deus ex machina surprise character ass-pull to fix everything in the last 5 minutes?
Wanda succeeds though.

Too bad she waited til after Thanos had the Time Stone and was right there before doing it.
Eh... what he did was dumb but completely in character for him. He's the hot-headed guy who acts long before he thinks.
The Celestials can't stop him at this point. 

What did him in in the comics was once he attained godhood he usurped Eternity's position, thus making him incorporeal and leaving the Gauntlet vulnerable and unguarded. The heros got it and pushed the reset button with it. It later turned out that Thanos self-sabotaged by doing that, because deep down he didn't feel he was "worthy" of it. Then he goes and becomes a farmer.

I really hope something similar happens in the second movie, given that like I said in another comment, I believe the 1 timeline where the heroes win is contingent on Thanos winning first (like in the Mortal Kombat reboot, with the "he must win" thing). He's gonna fuck it up for himself somehow, and the heroes just have to hope they catch him when he does.
Yup. Just like in the comics, them beating Thanos hinges on them allowing him to win **first**. What comes after will be a little different because of the whole "deal with Lady Death" thing not being a subplot, but my guess is him murdering Gamora is going to weigh in heavily in his downfall in Pt 2.

Also LOL at all the people going around spamming "Thanos Wins" as if it's some kind of fucking spoilers. Like, no shit. He has 2 stones by the end of the OPENING FUCKING SCENE, making him the strongest being in the Universe thanks to the gauntlet allowing him to wield them properly. It's a foregone conclusion that he wins, really.

And fucking NOBODY should be surprised that Vision bites it - the second the Mind Stone became part of him back in AoU I called it.

It's weird, you already know the conclusion of the film before it gets started, but it's a fucking great movie anyway. No idea how they managed that but they did, and it's awesome.
The scene that sticks with me is the one where the Grey Child walks up behind Rose and lets lose that godawful screeching sound. Makes all the hair on my arms stand up straight every fucking time.
TIL TJ Miller likely has Frontal Lobe Disinhibition.

Sadly that means that he's pathologically an asshole and literally can't help it.
ITS NOT COOL IT'S FUCKING STUPID GRAH 
Same here.

So fucking DUMB! Although it was born of Kevin Smith and his friend getting stoned and talking about how dumb a walrus based horror film would be.

So my guess is that fucking stinker of an ending was completely deliberate. 
Tusk.

That fucken stupid fucken film makes me so fucken unreasonably mad. My girlfriend likes to randomly bring it up and then laugh at me as I start foaming at the mouth and ranting about HOW GODDAMN DUMB IT IS. 
YES! They didn't just make him captain crazyman, they made him sane, compelling and very understandable. It's even debatable if you can call him evil. Monstrous, yes. But evil? In the comics at least his motivation was different but it actually made him a little flatter as a character imho.

The funny thing is the two word spoiler that's been going around is a fucking foregone conclusion if you know anything at all about comics and this particular plot line. And it becomes clear in the first 5 minutes how it's gonna end, but not in a bad way. 
I like GL, warts and all. Mark Strong was a great Sinestro, and the dude playing Hector Hammond was good also. I didn't mind that the green light constructs looked plasticy because I always pictured them looking fake or odd.

Shame it bombed, the post cred scene with Sinestro putting on the yellow ring was a great hook. 
I want to talk about it so much right now. There was one scene that actually made me feel physically ill. Uh... It involved magnetism, I'll put it that way. They did a great job. And Jesus the movie was DARK. 
I like Man of Steel and Green Lantern. I recognise they have flaws and I can't really defend them as "good movies" but I enjoy the crap out of em.

Oh there's also Primer, Coherence and The Man from Earth. Most people I know find them too complex or boring to enjoy. 
Why not now? America isn't the center of the universe. 
I saw it and I think they knocked it out of the goddamn park. I just about fell out of my seat when a certain someone showed up. 

What about you, what'd you Think? 
Oh my, accusations of gaslighting. Getting desperate, are we? 
You need to learn to read, because the pronunciation I stated is right up there as a valid one.
So then you're actually IGNORING what has been "established for years already". Because the pronunciation I stated has been around a hell of a lot longer than Spider-man.
THE BOAT
Iirc they actually lobbied to force the spelling of "aluminum" to be the only right one.

They failed, btw. Because the rest of the world doesn't dance to America's tune and that just burns them up inside, as this thread demonstrates. 
Which one's been used for centuries in language in general? 
I like how you think I'm going to "start espousing anti-American prejudice" just because I won't spinelessly accept your argument. Your arguments are bad and i think you are incorrect. You can't handle that so you are LITERALLY leaning on a "why do you hate America?" rhetoric.

You can't hear how fucking hard I'm laughing at you over here,  but I owe you thanks for giving me a decent chuckle. 
So sym-BYE-oat is what you're going with then? Seeing as the word has been around a lot longer than Spider-Man has been using it. And it's been pronounced that way for many more years than those it's been in comics. 
> Reddit is a ridiculous place.

Majority American population too. Wonder if these things are linked? 
I'd place good money on the possibility that a whole bunch of the American idiots in this thread DO say it like that. 
People are literally behaving as if Stan Lee invented the word. I've been told by a variety of dumbarses that the pronunciation in the trailer is wrong because the American way is the "canonical" way. 
Because they can't handle things being pronounced different to the American way, even if said American way is equally different depending on what state you're in.

So ignorance with a dash of nationalism, basically. 
. 
Even if you spare the major ones and only kill the ones who attack you the game still treats you like a coward and a piece of shit. It's ridiculous. 
We get that story from the monsters. The relevant trope is "unreliable narrator". Maybe I'm nuts but I don't buy that a bunch of literal soul eating monsters are 100% innocent of any wrongdoing there. 
>Try reading your comments back and tell me you don't sound like an edgy teenager. 

I'll let you figure out on your own why asking me to do that is fucking dumb.
>Hey it's fine if you don't like it but lets be honest many games asinine things as well. 

Oh absolutely.

>I say the one thing undertale does fail is that it should make the monsters just npc's after sparing 

There are definitely things about the game that I like. Especially the combat system. Allowing you input into if and how your attacks hit is so much better than just a behind-the-curtain RNG roll. Because with the latter, you have no way of knowing if it's even a legit random roll, as it uses the same algorithm the game uses to determine the enemy's attacks.
That's great.

As I said in another comment, unless Hugh Jackman created the movie, his statement is at best a "word of saint paul".
> You are just acting like an edgy teenager shouting "No mom, you are wrong". Of course it pissed you off, cause it pulled something you didn't expect. So you feel like it made fun of you by tricking. From your perspective it's being smarter than you and mocking you for it.

Hey, fuckwit, how about instead of insulting me because I didn't like your OMG FAVEROTE GAEM you deal with the fact that some people don't like games that lie and manipulate you into feeling guilty? You haven't even remotely addressed the arguments I made in my other comments to you, and you flat-out refused to acknowledge that I wasn't talking about a "genocide run" initially.

That's another problem with this game - the fans are FUCKING INSANE. Good thing I don't have a dog for them to make death threats at, like they did with Markiplier.

Fuck off back to your TorielxMuffet porn.
So you're saying that it's sensible and "right" to let them do it, just because they "don't know any better"?

That's asinine.
That's what's called a ["word of saint paul"](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/WordOfSaintPaul) and is thus still open to debate and interpretation.

It is the same as iirc Michael Caine commenting that the "top falls over" at the end of Inception, as well as the costume designer agreeing, citing the costumes of the children in that scene.

As it is not directly from the creator, the jury can still reserve judgement on its accuracy.
Maybe we only think Pat is small because Paige is actually a giantess, and everything in their house is sized with her proportions in mind and not his.
But it IS the same X-men cinematic universe, just in the rebooted timeline from the end of DoFP.
Oh and you're right, I didn't see them in the basement. [I saw them right here in front of Asgore, with a 7th empty bottle JUST FOR MY SOUL.](https://i.imgur.com/Sbl4HoT.png)

Coz you know, the location makes ALLLLL the difference, amirite?
Ah damn. Where do I turn in my "shitty character adaptations knowledge" badge and credentials?
> Nope, only a being with the SOULs of a human and a monster can pass through from the Underground out to the Surface. She kinda didn't want Asgore to kill you or you to kill him to get out, so the only choice in her head to prevent that from happening, so when you show her you a determined to go, she lets' you go.

See, that's my point. She refuses to talk and challenges you to battle, literally throws magic fire that hurts you at you, and you want me to believe the "right choice" is to try and talk it out with her, when she "looks through you" and ignores your attempts?

Nuh-uh, bitch. When you're flinging eldritch flame at me the time for talk is OVER. You had your chance and you instead tried to distract and stonewall me and then threatened me with lifelong imprisonment in your house and the ruins, and attacked me when I pushed the subject.

FIGHTING BACK is the only logical decision. Fuck the game for the guilt-trip it pulls on you after that. "Oh boo-hoo you must hate me" - no, I was defending myself against a crazy fire-wielding goat-lady. YOU gave me the impression you were that through your crazy fire-wielding goat-lady actions. I never hated you and I certainly didn't WANT to kill you, and now I've got that blood on my hands, so thank you for your complete refusal to communicate with me. Don't blame ME for the results of that behaviour. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.

Fucking goat bitch.

>Well, you didn't, there were 6 coffins there. He has 6 human souls and he probably did kill them, but he didn't eat them.

When you've literally killed 6 human children and imprisoned their souls - which are established to exist in this universe - you lose any kind of moral high ground you claim to have. "Oh but I didn't eat them" - well that's nice, you still murdered them and extracted the essence of their being, trapping them in this plane for eternity.

>For what? Genociding the whole population, you are a piece of shit in the game if that's your solution, cause in no way you need to exterminate every living being you come across to get out - as you said it is unnecessary, it stays on neutral route if you just kill here or there.

I already said I wasn't talking about a genocide run. Why do you still act like I'm talking about that? Are you finding it hard to deal with valid criticisms of the game?

>It actually doesn't and the only one who does any sort of call out is Sans, his is closer you should have looked on your actions from a different perspective, since you are so much stronger than monster you could find a way. It only nudges you towards pacifist route, which again is just an option if you want it.

So I guess you're just ignoring Undyne ranting about how you're an evil child who wants to trample everyone's hopes and dreams? You know, the crazy fish lady who chucks spears at kids and thinks she's some kind of anime hero?
She only mentions his name after you kill her. So after the point it ceases being any kind of bargaining chip or useful explanation.
> The date is 6 years after but Jackman said its not the same universe. And it would be ridiculously unbelievable if it tried to be.

Sure, they just refer to things that happened in the previous movies and everything, but yeah, totally different universe.

It takes place in the "rebooted" timeline from DoFP but it's still in the same X-men Cinematic Universe. Saying it's not is literally saying that the final scenes of DoFP are from a different cinematic universe.
Yeah, and if you're American you even get to insist your way is the only right way to say it!
> She kinda doesn't want you to get killed by her husband and since there is no other way out than through him, collapsing the exist is the only thing that can stop you. Plus if she hurts you enough, her attack start to avoid you so you only can die if you try to die on purpose.

So why didn't she just FUCKING EXPLAIN THAT? Or better yet, as the Queen of Monsterland, why didn't she escort me to the exit and keep me safe? Humans can cross the barrier, correct? So there was literally no reason she couldn't have done that, besides the whole "I want a human pet to love and stuff with cake" creepy thing.

>Literally didn't do that and hoped that no human ever falls to underground again.

So I guess I didn't see 6 souls in bottles in the basement then, right.

>Yeah, only game says multiple times that you are to naive and that way wouldn't work in real world, you had determination and power that what helped you to overcome challenges on your way.

And then it goes on to try and make you feel like a massive piece of shit for it.

>You don't just fight back you genocide every area you come across, killing every monster even those that didn't stand in your way. In fact you can always back down from the Genocide route till the very last enemy and game only calls you out if you insist on proceeding with the murder thorough all the zones.

No, I'm talking about just a neutral run. The game literally guilts you when you fight back in self-defense, and the characters that interact with you talk shit at you for doing it. Need I remind you that you are JUST A CHILD surrounded by things that breath fire, spit knives, and don't comprehend the notion that they can kill you by doing so?

I'm Genociding because I refuse to let the game piss in my mouth while telling me it's rain. I won't be manipulated like that.
Yeah I got legitimately pissed off on my stream when it got to that point. And then the gigantic fuck-off ridiculous photoshop monster that looked like a 10 year old's rejected deviantart submission came down from the top of the screen, beamspam-raped me to death, and then crashed the game.

I legit didn't finish my "neutral" run, scrubbed the save and dove straight into a genocide run because of that. I refuse to play a game that's gonna pull that level of straight-up bullshit on its players. I was already annoyed with it straight-up misrepresenting what it was and then punishing me for the decisions I made based on said misrepresentation.

Maybe I'm too cynical to "really get it" or something, I dunno.
But it's literally a loanword from the Greek language.

English is a piecemeal language like that. I'm not sure what you find so troublesome about the concept.
> Except this is English so no. 

[Symbiosis is literally a Greek word.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbiosis) In Greek it's spelled "συμβίωσις".

If you plug that into google translate, it anglicizes it as "symvíosis" with the translation as "cohabitation".
See, this. This right here is a much more valid statement. Nothing about whether it's correct or incorrect, nothing about people being stupid or wrong.

Just "It sounded a little odd to me because I'm used to it being said another way."



All the other dumbarses in this thread really need to look at the example set here.

However, I WILL dispute the "canon" thing because saying that a comic can somehow canonise a widely-used word that isn't specific to a country or a created asset is absurd. If Marvel had CREATED the word "symbiote" then yeah, they could establish a canonical pronunciation.

But they didn't, the Greeks did, and it's a word that has existed for a lot longer than Marvel comics has.


> For all your bellyaching about "dumb 'muricans" being butthurt, you actually seem to be the most passionate commenter. You even went so far as to suggest it's "almost racist"

Considering they're running up and down this thread, mocking the pronunciation in the trailer, mocking the actress, mocking the studio, and claiming the american pronunciation is the "correct" one and other ones are "wrong"...

Yeah, it really does come across as a bunch of dumb, racist, butthurt, uneducated American rednecks.

Don't blame me for that conclusion - people have TRIED to point out their error by linking to pronunciation guides and giving explanations on how differing dialects and accents are in no way less "correct", only to be told they're wrong.

What other assumption could a person possibly make in this case?

Also, saying that the cartoon "established" the "correct" pronunciation is absurd, for all the reason I've already tried talking about to other people. I'm not gonna waste my time trying to explain it to you because I know what you're going to say.

The population of dumb, racist, uneducated hickland just increased by 1, enjoy your stay.

Which only increases my mirth further.
Just remember that they're doing their best to emulate how Americans sound to them.
Especially since it's a completely fucking invalid complaint spouted mostly by people who can't comprehend differing pronunciations being as correct as the ones they're used to.
Welcome to language outside of the United States. You might find it scary. The rest of us find that amusing.
Actually she'd be telling you lot to stop saying it was wrong. Given that she's English. And that's how it's pronounced in the UK.
This comment chain is gold. Dude thought he had a fucken zinger only to be bluntly schooled.
>outside of the US

The core concept of that is something they have a lot of trouble with, in my experience.
It's actually a Greek word so we should be asking the Greeks how they say it.
The words share the exact same Greek root word as well - βίωσις . Saying the pronunciation is correct one way and incorrect the other makes no sense when you use them both, considering they contain THE SAME FUCKEN WORD.
Australian. Also confirm correctness.
>Po-TAE-to Po-TAH **_REEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!_**

FTFY.

The "reeeeeee" is from people who can't accept alternate pronunciations as valid.
And yet this entire thread is filled with Americans insisting that the "canonical" pronunciation is simbeeoht.
> That's different.

It's literally not, the root words have the same exact origin - the "biotic" is from the Greek βίωσις, meaning "life" or "living".
I always thought the pronunciation of "eye-rack" was mocking racists and rednecks who didn't know how to say it right?

Because I've heard Americans say it "irrahk" way more often than the alternative. So much so that the "solid as a rock" joke was a thing in Arrested Development.
It's got a pair of RCA connectors on one end, and a trio of TRS 3.5mm on the other - internally I'm pretty sure it's either straight-through connectors or a resistor network.

It's designed for you to plug in a stereo source and it duplicates that to all 6 channels so you can use your 5.1 speakers, but it doesn't "change" the signal or anything. I'm like 90% sure it works both ways too. It came with the Logitech X-530 speakers way back in the day.

[Here's the chinesium version.](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/Aikexin-5-1-Game-Console-Adapter-5-1-Audio-Converter-2x-RCA-Jack-to-1-8/32829955610.html)
That's great.

I don't care.
In my country, the "established" pronunciation is sim-bye-oat.

So you're wrong.
Yes, that does seem to be the general philosophy around these parts.
Yeah, I'm gonna be honest, I found the game's philosophy to be atrocious and sickening. The first monster you meet lies to you and tries to kill you. The second monster you meet says she's going to collapse the exit and trap you forever and you have to live in her creepy house with the creepy box of childrens shoes of different sizes, and then she tries to set you on fire if you're like "no, for real, I need to GO THE FUCK HOME now, lady." Her husband is the monster king who has LITERALLY CONSUMED THE SOULS OF CHILDREN.

And when you fight back, the game basically rubs your nose in the carpet and says LOOK AT WHAT YOU DID!!!

I question the creator's moral compass when it comes to things like being passive, defending yourself, and the notions of abuse, kidnapping and stockholm syndrome.
Christ, I'm sure it's pronounced that way IN some of the states of the US. Accent and dialect isn't a static unchanging thing across a nation of that size.
It's almost entirely Americans - the idea of a word being pronounced differently is somehow offensive to them, I guess? Even though people pronounce a ton of words very differently in the north-west vs the south-east of their nation, for example?

A few of them are trying to claim it's "canonically wrong", which is a laughable attempt at a positional defense. Calling it "broken logic" would be implying there's any logic there to begin with.
Get yer logicks outta here!
But it IS an established pronunciation.
Maybe Sony should change it to "blobby goo monster" to please all the Americans who don't like things being said "wrong".
I say it "sim-bye-ott-ik".

Because I'm not American.
>  How dare thee, good sir! How dare thee besmirch my good name with your vile, horrid, filthy insults.

/r/iamverysmart is that way ->
I turn 35 in about a fortnight.

PRAY FOR ~~MOJO~~ KONP
Yes, because the American accent is perfectly even and unchanging across the entire nation, from coast to coast and north to south.
Paige pushed the final button though, didn't she?

Also I said this in the chat but I envy her experience with the game. I don't find the monster characters to be that sympathetic at all, except for Papyrus and, until some of the dialogue he dropped on me in the restaurant, Sans. And as they're literally getting in the way of my escape back to human civilisation, they're as dead to me as the rest of the monster race.

So I never got to experience the whole "rollercoaster of emotion" thing, for me it was more "this kinda sucks but they're in my way and literally defending the things that have a frequently-expressed desire to eat my soul, and they're working for a king who has ALREADY DONE THAT TO OTHER KIDS. They have to go."
Lol, alright bozo. Keep on telling foreigners they say stuff wrong.
They should leave it in just to spite all these narrowminded Yank chucklefucks who think that different pronunciations are incorrect because America.
> , keep displaying your ignorance haha.

What, like the ignorance of the fact that "symbiote" is pronounced differently by people of other nations?
It's borderline racist if you really wanna get down to brass tacks. Doesn't quite get there but it's fucken close.
He's also wrong about it being the name of the race. The race name is Klyntar. "Symbiote" is how people refer to them because they bond symbiotically with another being.

Like how "mitochondrion" is the name, but they're a symbiotic organism.
Ehhh... on the one hand, I think it's fair to be conscious of spoilers if you're making a video and to try and avoid GRATUITOUS ones or deliberately massive ones just to be a dick.

On the other hand, if someone doesn't want to be spoiled they shouldn't look for videos on the subject they're trying to avoid spoilers on.

Both parties need to come to the table, really.
Spell it wrong too. Always dropping U's out of words. IT'S SPELLED "COLOUR" GODDAMNIT.
It's absurd, the entire thread is filled with people going into a white-hot patriotic rage over the word being said "wrong". As if the only right way to say it is the American way and fuck the other 85% of the globe that talks different.
Where it takes place doesn't matter if the people saying the words aren't native American English speakers. Jesus fucking christ. This is like if I, an Australian, came to your country (I never would, but that's a different topic) and you started in on me about "saying stuff wrong" just because my regional pronunciation is different.

English pronunciation is not a solely American thing. You fuckers really need to stop.
> That is honestly fucking depressing in universe. 

Yup. Although at least in Logan the mutant race has a chance to rebuild. In DoFP the Sentinels were wiping out everyone forever. No way to come back from that.

>I suppose I'll pivot to saying that while the film takes place physically in the same universe, it is still a character piece similar to what I hope venom to be.

I agree with the people saying that Spider-man NEEDS to be involved for this story to be even halfway decent - but not too involved, because then you get Spider-man 3. It's Venom's movie, but completely excising the entire backstory of the character is asinine.
I disagree, but ok.
I wouldn't be at all surprised if these people saw a non-American film where someone non-American pronounced "tomatoes" in their native, non-American accent, and started screaming LITERALLY UNWATCHABLE THAT'S NOT THE CANONICAL WAY TO PRONOUNCE THAT WORD **_RRREEEEEEEEEE_**

Honestly, this display of salty nationalism over a fucking PRONUNCIATION is hilarious, especially the efforts they're going to to defend their position as the correct one.
If you don't pronounce symbiote like a good ol' Yankee boy you can GEHD OUWWT!!!
"Dem filthy foreigners durnt say dem wurds rite! Symbyeoat, who dat sposed to be? Why ain't they talk liek a 'merikan?"

Also your argument sucks.
I thought it was the other way around - the Venom symbiote was "crazy" because it wanted to share a body and bond with a person, instead of completely dominating its will like the rest of the Klyntar race tried to do.

Fuck, there's been so many retcons in comics that it could be any of these things, or all of them at the same time.
Good point.
I like how you got downvoted for saying that. Like, the only reason Stan Lee pronounced it that way is because, as an American, that's the way it's pronounced in American English. It's no more or less "canonical" than it would be if it was pronounced in any of the other English variations across the globe.

Dude's just salty because it's not pronounced the way he likes it (aka in Freedom Phonemes).
The name of the race is ["Klyntar"](http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Klyntar_(Race\)). People refer to them as symbiotes because they bond SYMIOTICALLY with another life form.
Except for the fact that it's a correct pronunciation in a lot of countries that aren't America?
Watch Star Trek: Nemesis.
Lol, look at this thread, so many Americans getting legitimately angry that they "said it wrong" - when half the goddamn globe says it like that. There's even people saying that the American pronunciation is "canonically the right one".

Remember kids, words don't correct unless you use the Freedom pronunciations.
Are they any worse than Topher Grace asking God to kill Spider-man because he exposed the former's photographic forgeries?
> I imagine he’s too far gone to ever have a hero arc 

He sacrificed his life to save the planet and to atone for the things he'd done in the past, semi-recently.

Then again, that was AFTER he was whammied by a "moral inversion" spell that made the villains good and the heroes bad, so it's arguable if you could consider that a proper heroic act.

> That, and the small matter of killing bad guys and eating their brains.

Didn't the symbiote crave a certain neurotransmitter or chemical though? It might have also been that it needed it to LIVE, not just that it wanted it real bad. Eddie's influence drove it to only eat the brains of "bad" people. It would have been rather like a rabid animal on anyone else.
Venom is canonically an anti-hero. The only people he wants to kill are wrongdoers and spider-man. He's literally called "society's lethal protector" in more than a few of his appearances.
Hey!

KOOPA!!

You're a **LOUSY LEADER!!**
The trope is "For Science", I believe, and I also believe it's a great trope. If you had a bunch of money and power and were in the sciences industry, you'd have to have some pretty goddamn strong morals to NOT go down that path.
I legit don't understand why they couldn't keep him British. I mean, they didn't make him do a mexican-spanish accent in Star Trek.
Hopefully the bald version with the gigantic moustache.

Or better yet - SHINZON.
> I mean, fuck, logan, arguably the best superhero movie in years doesn't even take place in the same universe as the rest of the movies. 

If you're talking about the X-men movies when you say "the rest of" then your statement couldn't be more incorrect. It happens something like 6 years after the end of DoFP.
The webbing IS the goo - the symbiote can produce it naturally.
Apparently Tom Holland has been sighted on set and people are claiming he's in the cast list, though?
Do you routinely lose your shit when those filthy foreignites pronounce words in un-American ways?
BWAAAHHRRRRMMM
Stan Lee isn't the final arbiter of the English language and has no control over whether a given pronunciation of a word is "canonical" or not. People in other countries pronounce it differently, get used to that.
If you read the main post correctly you wouldn't have to assume anything. It's going into an external video game capture device.
Hmm, that's an idea. Levels don't matter too much to me really, I just want all channels to be present. Center is arguably the most important as games that send 5.1 audio usually reserve that for cutscene dialog.

For now I bought a knockoff version of a logitech 5.1 console adapter - I've got a genuine one stuffed in a box somewhere but can't find it. As far as I can remember it was bi-directional, so we'll see how that works first.
Who's the guy on the bottom?
The guy's made some questionable decisions in his public comments over the past couple of years, but that doesn't mean he deserves this, especially since it was (iirc) in remission.

Cancer fucking sucks. And yeah, I'd be mad as hell at a supposed "specialist" who would miss/misdiagnose something that badly, especially given the pre-existence of the whole cancer thing.
The people watching might see odd behaviour or encoding errors, or be unable to actually see the stream at all.

You're unlikely to run into those problems though unless you set some REALLY strange settings. Twitch is reasonably flexible in what it likes in terms of streaming video.
That indeed is the only clear and played completely straight example I can think of as well.

I love how in the Jeff Wayne musical version narrated by Richard Burton, the "Ulla!" of the fighting machines starts to sound a little off and strange towards the end of it. But the narrative doesn't reveal why until it's over - by that point the Martians would have been really fucking sick and probably dying slow painful deaths. Nice little detail.
Possibly, I don't know. Don't have that option ticked, you want total control over your encoder properties. Ticking it will force OBS to use basically "auto" settings pre-determined for "maximum compatibility".
Consider trying to use NVENC (encoder built into your video card). Bit-for-bit it won't be "as good" quality as using x264, but it'll take the load off your CPU and give you a bit more wiggle room as far as your system goes.

You might need to change some of the settings around to get a better result, maybe up the bitrate to 4.5k instead of 3.5k. Look for guides on how to squeeze as much quality out of NVENC as you can.
Hope you guys enjoy it when it's burning your house down.
Yeah, actually. In Star Trek it's semi-excusable as their level of tech would theoretically allow them to identify and eliminate probable pathogens before they became a problem. Plus the Federation likely shares info on pathogens on their member worlds. Still doesn't excuse the Vulcans not accidentally infecting Earth when they first showed up, or starships infecting the planets they visit that AREN'T a part of the UFP.

Stargate is pretty bad for it as well. There were 2 episodes where they played it straight - one in Atlantis where they all get that disease that causes memory loss (not the one where Rodney gets Space Alzheimers) but it's common to that area of the galaxy and natives don't get it, and the one in Universe where there was a bacterium in the water that caused them to start dying one by one, and they go to the planet with the chestburster eels to find a cure. But in the greater SG-verse there's no explanation or excuse for how they aren't dying of a bunch of different space plagues.

Star Wars is science FANTASY, not science fiction, and doesn't really play by any of the sci-fi rules that well at all.

tl;dr - yes, actually, I hold them to the same standard and they come up wanting, at least on that detail. Doesn't stop me being a fan of them.
So your excuse has now shifted from "it was too hard" to "it was too expensive"?

Here's another one: why not make it a majority black family with a single white adopted child?

I swear, I'm getting closer to these goalposts but it's like someone keeps pushing them just beyond my reach...
Only for 1 episode.

Then the ALIEN ROBOT turns into a dude in a suit.

Let me say that again. Alien. Robot. As in, probably not from a species that shares human anatomical layout based on its original design. So probably not programmed with the ability to reconfigure itself into DUDE IN A SUIT.

Just more laziness from a series mired in laziness. Don't get me wrong, I'm enjoying it in a general sense - but I'm not gonna lie and say it's not a turd with glitter on it.
Dude. They held up the box and put it center-frame in multiple shots, making sure you could see the logo, and then went on to mention it several times more. That is product advertising in movies 101.

If you buy the "It totes wasn't product placement we swear" line you're... well you're about as intellectually capable as the average redditor I guess.
OK then.

Make the dad or mum black in addition to the daughter. Problem again solved with no need for the adoption thing.

Want a good black actor for the dad? Idris Elba. Want a good black actress for the mum? Thandie Newton. You know what would have been great about EITHER of them? They're both British. So you'd have a multi-racial, multi-NATIONAL family.

But nope - just make the daughter black and adpoted cuz it's easier and they don't want to actually do anything besides win diversity points.
For it to be cold enough for that much water to freeze that rapidly (especially with the heat of the spacecraft as well as the earth beneath it), the air would be so cold that the characters would have died the second they tried to breathe it.
They should have been writhing around on the floor bleeding from their eyeballs and shitting out the lining of their digestive tract by the end of the first day. There was no way in hell they were immunologically prepared for what was on that planet. 

Whether or not the bacteria/viruses endemic to that world were deadly **to its native inhabitants** makes no difference. They'd be swiftly fatal to the Robinsons by virtue of being literally alien pathogens. I mean fuck, Earth diseases wipe out pockets of civilisation ON EARTH simply due to isolation, and they're from the same planet.

I wanna see a sci-fi that plays that straight and hard.
>  60s values

Hahahhahhahha

Ahhhahahhahhahha

Ahhhhh....

NO.
Look, why don't you just call me a racist misogynist bigot and be done with it. We both know that's where this conversation is going anyway.
Are you a character in a TV show? No?

Then obviously I wasn't talking about you, was I, dipshit.
The original 60s show was garbage, but charming.

The movie was garbage, but fun and had Gary Oldman.

So far this is just garbage and dour.
I'm fine with black (or other colours too) characters that were originally white (or other colours). I'm not fine with them taking a character that's in a family of a certain colour and changing their colour and theirs ALONE and making them adopted for NO REASON other than diversity points.

I'd have the same complaint if every other member of the family was black or asian or indian or whatever and Judy was <insert colour the other members of the family aren't> here.

See - Sue Storm in the most recent F4 movie. They made Johnny and his dad black - why not her too? Answer: so they could make her white and adopted and say "look at how inclusive we're being".

Every time they do it it's awkward, obvious and tacky.
> Like they have to meet a quota of their diversity. 

That's exactly what it is and I'm fucking tired of it, personally.
>Why is one of the children black?

So that the show creator could say "Look look, I'm being diverse! I even made her adopted, how awesome am ?!"

They could just made ALL OF THEM black. There would have been nothing at all wrong with that. Someone should ask them why they didn't.
Perhaps a particle of pre-animate matter, caught in the matrix?
Oh. The black hole did it.

Yeah.
> She's also the only one that's not in STEM, she doesn't try to lead the group, she acts more like a typical teenage girl. She's a one-dimensional character.

You sound like a saxist who hates strorg wimmenz.
Something something "patriarchy toxic masculinity".

Do I win something?
You forgot to call them racist because one of the women is also black.

You narrow-minded simpleton.
Lol, sure, just ignore THE ENTIRE REST OF MY POST and concentrate on that. I mean, ignoring someone's points is the same as rebutting them, right?
So make the whole family black.

Problem solved. No need for a shoehorned-in painful-ass subplot about marital issues.

Also, the fact that you think she was chosen for the role AFTER it was written and they had to "write around her" is laughable, and sad. They deliberately wrote it that way to win the diversity awards, nothing more. They went for a twofer - adopted AND black!

It's the same fucking shit they pulled with Fantastic ~~Flop~~ Four. Also I like how you tried to imply I was having a go at the skill of the actress, when I actually didn't pass commentary AT ALL on whether I thought she was good in the role or not.
> Which raises the question, exactly who are they producing this show for? 

Dumb audiences who hate numbers that aren't in Freedom Units.
> Are you not accustomed to shows translating things?

If it's a translation it's a pretty fucking terrible one. 3036 meters is 9960 feet.
Show didn't even make it 10 minutes before someone made a dumb decision.

Judy: "Don't wander off."

Will: <proceeds to wander off>

They didn't have to make her adopted/the child of a previous marriage.

There was no reason AT ALL in the narrative to do that, and there was no reason she couldn't have just been another one of John Robinson's kids.

They did it anyway, because diversity points.

FUCK I hate film/TV creators that pander like that.
Ah, shut your fucking mouth and remove my thread already, jesus christ. Fucking moderator acting like you're some kind of martyr. "That's what's required of me", holy shit.
I'm pretty sure you don't know how to count, because there's no way that my own twitch channel takes up more than 10% of a posting history that goes back EIGHT FUCKING YEARS.

But whatever, this is keeping in line with reddit's severe anti-creator bent, so go ahead and jerk your gatekeeping boner off.
Rule 4 says it's allowed if it adheres to reddit's own self-promotion rules, which I'm pretty sure this does.