Because some people like all their pop culture icons homogenised into a single bland style. I guess. There's the odd one I like, but mostly I find them so bland and devoid of the style of the source character/franchise. And the fanbase around them is *really* cultish. 
Both Voyager and DS9, DS9 especially, managed to do both the overarching storyline and the self contained episode. I agree that TV is generally moving away from the maguffin of the week format, but that doesn't mean that it can't be done well. 
It was very brief, done in narration during the race setup, they explained gunters and sixers but not in great detail. 
Working in a supermarket putting stock out.

"Excuse me, how do you tell the difference between red wine and white wine, it doesn't say on the bottle?"

Was asked by a young couple with a small child, my mind blue screen crashed for a few seconds before I was able to come up with a response. Thinking about it later I assume they might have been secret shoppers and that was one of their tests, but I'll never know for sure. 
It was sad to think that 'grabbing them by the pussy' wasn't the rock bottom of new lows, at this point its tragic to think this probably still isn't even rock bottom. 
Given one of the big selling points of Brexit was 'taking control of our borders back' I expect changes to entry requirements are a priority on the Brexit negotiation, and given how successful those negotiations have gone so far I expect it will be just fine......... But either way the EU have made it clear that any changes to immigration and border policy will be reciprocated, so tougher controls on entry into the UK mean tougher controls on entry to the EU. 

And just because we've had visa free travel in the past, doesn't mean that we will post-brexit, all past agreements were nullified by any EU directives, and we've just torn those up. Of course visa free travel is the sensible option, but the chief Brexiteers running this show have already demonstrated that they're more interested in grandstanding for the press than doing anything sensible. So I'm sceptical at best.

Oh and the only person talking about Little Englanders in this conversation is you, and you seem to be doing just fine making that point by yourself, you don't need any help from me. 
Except visa free travel to the EU isn't a given as we're renegotiating border control, and you can bet any concessions the EU want on border control will set of the BoJo, Farage and Mog show.

But facts are difficult, you can stick to name calling. 
My grandparents don't seem to realise that spending the winter in Cyprus, Italy or Spain is going to be a lot more difficult after Brexit. But I'm sure even that will be the EUs fault. 
Yep same, I used MIUI across several phones over the years, though once stock ROMs started incorporating a lot of the features I liked in MIUI like lock screen music controls, quick settings (especially customisable ones), app folders and custom theming to name a few, I switched to stock or more stock like ROMs. 
Yeah it's on daily in the morning in the UK, I'm always disappointed if I get up too late at the weekend to watch it. Its hard to explain why I like it so much, I think it's just warm and isn't mean spirited, if you compare it to the big bang theory, that show is just relentlessly mocking it's main characters and geek stereotypes, in quite an unpleasant way. 
EA isn't too big, and if all their brands/licences come with it then Microsoft has just secured Fifa, Madden and Battlefield, these three titles alone probably secure a majority of the casual market, its a pretty attractive proposition for MS, even if the titles are only timed exclusives. 
As I say I don't disagree in principle. I still believe that the malware is an exception rather than the rule, and largely limited to the more questionable corners of the Internet, though there are as you say a number of high profile examples of a 'reputable' site being compromised. It would be fair to say that there is a threat, and enough of a risk that it is a valid argument, though without knowing enough about Symmantic's survey and what it considers malicious (tracking cookies for example could be argued to be malicious) I couldn't comment on that. 

I just think that more often than not it is a shallow excuse, and there are a lot of empty promises of 'I'll white list sites with safe and unobtrusive ads' which I don't believe are always followed through on. And the fact is people don't want to see adverts, no matter how unobtrusive, I certainly don't and I know there is a hypocrisy in that, but I also feel that the advertisement industry made ads so obtrusive in the past that it caused this deep seared resentment of ads. 
Primarily supply and demand. A lack of industrial scale production will increase costs, as will dealing with a the red tape and regulations, and limited competition in the market will allow suppliers to keep the price higher too. The street has set an expectation of price, for medical marijuana to be priced lower would also likely encourage recreational users to try and get medicinal certificates to get cheap weed, which would in turn put the industry under more scrutiny. 

If you saw wholesale legalisation with limited regulation, similar to the alcohol industry, you would see huge commercial farms and processing facilities, giving economy of scale. You would also see more producers in the market, creating competition. As with beer you would have huge cheap name brands of a certain quality and price, and you would also get the 'craft brews' which would be more expensive. 
And how much much of that $20 price for weed is because it is illegal? The cost to produce weed is higher because of the risk, a company producing weed, legally on the same scale as alcohol could do so at a much lower cost, and therefore offer a lower price to the consumer. 
While I don't disagree with you in principle, I do kinda feel that this argument is used a lot as an empty excuse for using an ad-blocker. There certainly have been sites which have been compromised through ads, but they are the rare exception.

Edit: full disclosure, I myself use this justification, and while it is a legitimate concern, there are other areas where I can be a lot less fastidious with PC security which makes the argument somewhat less valid. 
I suspect that this was the intention, but MS backed out of not having the Chief be the lead character for the game. The only way the ruse would've worked is if Locke had been the main character for most of the game, and have the reveal and the Chief sections come much later. Instead the 'twist' is exposed much sooner to make way for playable Chief sections, which left a story which didn't deliver on the cat and mouse story promises, nor on playing as the Master Chief saving the universe. 
Yes, I stand corrected, blu ray read speeds are faster than dvd/cd, just slower than hdd, which is now considered slow compared to ssd. 
I saw it as a commentary on the expectations and assumptions made based on race. Around the desdsec group he played up the 'yo homie' persona, because that's what they expected of him, they mocked his nudle persona because the idea of an educated, well spoken black guy subconsciously seemed absurd. 

The nudle version of himself was, ironically, his true self, but got treated with faux politeness to cover up mistrust, because he was black. They expected that 'yo homie' version of him, and were suspicious that he tried to hard to fit in because again the idea of an educated, well spoken black guy subconsciously seemed absurd.

Ultimately both 'forward thinking' groups made assumptions about the person, because of the colour of his skin. That was my take on it anyway. 
The answer is bluray read speeds are much lower than dvd and cd. So the processing speed has increased, but access to the data has decreased. Hard drive read speeds are much higher (even than dvd and cd) so installing data to the hard drive negates this. 
It is a bit of a stretch, but it's being regularly updated and to be fair even on PC it's not the most refined of shooters. The gameplay style suits the console market, and it'll help MS reposition the xbone as the goto for console shooters like the 360 was. It's a good move on their part in my view, turning a breakout PC success into a multiplatform success. 
I have the [same wallpaper](https://i.imgur.com/7VjgyAZ.jpg) I just didn't think to rotate it! I like your destroyed halo though, nice work. 
The simple answer is to vote with your wallet and not buy games that employ 'darkware', these systems have to be a closed box to make it harder to find exploits. 
This is a do or die situation though. It means that their argument is purely based on perception and consumer expectations, and apple go out of their way to make iPhones appear to be the faster more superior phone. 
The chip part is the safer part, the signature can still be forged, or not checked properly, but the mag stripe tech is really old, not very secure and the hardware to is relatively cheap at two to three hundred bucks for a USB writer. The chip is much harder to copy and is much more expensive to replicate. 
Oh it most certainly is a storm in a teacup, but that doesn't change the fact that apple mislead their customers, they didn't even give them a chance to misunderstand, they took that option away. Now a lack of options, and a my way or the highway attitude is certainly apples mode of operation especially when it comes to the iPhone, but the consequence of this decision on apples part is to create mistrust. 
Never. He's rich, he's white (ish orange counts right?) and he's the president, at best he'll be made to step down and given some kind of golden parachute. The man is a fucking leech. 
I think historically it has primarily been the new OS not being optimised for the older devices, and putting greater demands on the hardware. And also peoples perception as new tech arrives, remember how great special effects looked or video game graphics looked, how great 720P was before 1080P, before 4K? 
No it isn't. The issue is with apple being deceitful and hiding the fact that we have an issue with battery tech, combined with design decisions apple have made. They have intentionally hidden the fact that they are slowing down devices, and the fact that it may encourage some users to upgrade sooner, almost definitely was considered (though probably not the core motivation). This is not the best option for customers, the best option is to be honest and alert users that their device may not perform as well due to an aging battery, and that they can send their phone in to get the battery replaced for a small fee. But of course this also makes apple look bad, and the first rule of apple is don't disparage apple, especially with the Samsung battery issue still in recent memory, so this is actually the best solution for apple PR, except now it has backfired. 
Apple doesn't help themselves with their secretive and overly defensive nature, it makes people question motive and what else they might be hiding. The fact that the actual fix meant admitting to a 'fault' in their devices, especially with the Samsung battery issue still fresh in people's memory, leads me to take their explanation on face value for the most part, but I do not doubt that, like any business would, Apple did cost/benefit analysis on the potential fixes, and the subject of some users upgrading did come up. It probably wasn't the intention of the throttling, but Apple certainly saw it as a potentially beneficial consequence. 
Of course headlines are designed to inflame, level heads do not prevail when it comes to generating traffic.

However, Apple hasn't helped itself with its cult like secrecy and track record of planned obsolescence. The article may be pandering to the confirmation bias of Apple's critics, but even to the most sceptical it is a well earned bias. The general perception of Apple to anyone who isn't a fan means the idea that they're throttling phones to get users to upgrade does not sound that absurd, and the fact that they haven't been forthcoming with the 'truth' or the fix just further validates that viewpoint. Though Apple does also have a habit of sticking it's fingers in its ears and doing the lalala I can't hear you routine when it comes to iPhone issues, so it does fit their pattern, the fact though that they significantly benefit from doing so this time does, and should, leave a bitter taste. 
Yeah they were a fleshed out culture and not some two dimensional caricature, in fact I'd argue they had more depth as a species than some of the main stayers of the star trek universe. 
Maybe a little too on the nose for the 'worst of humanities traits' but all the ferengi characters were well written and acted. It created a believable and fleshed out ferengi culture and society. 
Minsk. 
Having to rewind games back to the beginning to load them again. 
Netflix has always been a bit thin on the ground with Disney content, but with Disney buying up Fox that further broadens what counts as Disney content. But this is why Netflix has been building up a library of its own content, and 'syndication' like rights for TV shows outside the US, they're not immune from the Disney/Hulu thing, but I'd say the proportion of original content watched is steadily growing. I'd say at least 75% of what our household watches on Netflix is original content, and it isn't like we're then turning to other services either. 
My favourite example of this warning was a video from 2004 called [Epic 2014](https://youtu.be/Bt3TmUW90B8), posed as a history of the web from 2014. The companies are wrong but some of the concepts are eerily close to reality.
It's like countries with the word 'democratic' in their name. 
It's just sad this farce is what it takes, and that a significant portion of the population will continue to blame the EU for years to come for the economic turbulence that we've inflicted on ourselves. 
I think that's what the UK needs. Give it thirty years or so and we will request we rejoin, but with none of the concessions that allows us to stand apart. The UK's relationship with the EU has always been a one foot in the door kind, which is why so few people identify with it. 
This is where I think voting for the smaller parties matters most. The 2015 election was the first where the big two really acknowledged issues raised by the smaller parties, the smaller parties started taking a more significant chunk of the vote in 2010. It was just a blip in 2010 and with politics and the nation in its current sorry state we're doomed to return to two party politics, but it shows things could change longer term. 
Just as some people believe Labour is the only alternative. 
Some people will just never vote against their party. 
It's tricky, but I think the code needs to be centralised on a master to achieve your goal. I would suggest you keep a golden source master of your addin (once created), on the sharepoint site. If you then have your addin installed locally on the device, you can then add code to your project workbooks which check the sharepoint for an updated master, or just take a fresh copy each time, in the on open event.

I've done something similar before, just with the master stored on a shared network drive. It may not be the most sophisticated solution, but it's simple, which is my preferred option.

As I say, happy to share examples when I can if you'd like. 
Well I assume from your original question that much or all of the code is the same, if you are looking to replace entire modules. In which case most of the work is done. All I'm really suggesting is that you rewrite code where possible so it can work for multiple workbooks, it may mean that you need to pass worksheets, ranges etc. as arguments to make the code work for all of your processes. And where you have similar functions you try and re-work your code so that you can amalgamate them. This is all I really mean by standardise.

Once you have this done you have an addin (just save the workbook as an excel addin) and you just code each of your report macros to look for the addin and run the relevant routine there, tweaking the references and values you pass to the routines in order to keep it dynamic.

In other words centralise your code in one global macro and have sub-macros which use the code within using `Application.Run`

I'm probably over complicating it in my explanation, I'm on the move right now but will try to provide you with a simple example later. 
It is, to the best of my knowledge, impossible. I would suggest that instead of embedding code into your workbooks you compile all the code into standardised functions and routines and save it as a single add-in. With sufficient usage of reference and value arguments it should work. Then add some code to you 50+ workbooks which checks and installs for addin and updates if required. 
No he doesn't. Maybe he should spend more time trying to address gun crime and mass shootings and less time behaving like a child on twitter. 
Sounds like exactly what happens in the US with gun control discussions every time there's a mass shooting.
It might do, increasing the amount of GTA$ you get may also work. I think regardless of the cost of shark cards the low value GTA$ in terms of what you can buy with it makes it seem less worthwhile. You also have such a grind to earn through gameplay, it's very unsubtle in pushing you towards the micro-transactions.

I think actually all three things need to tweaked, in game value, in game earn rate and real world cost. 
Except consider that the cost of the shark cards to get that content is orders of magnitude greater than the base game......... Kinda seems lazy to me. 
Yeah I love their games, but they certainly take a unique approach to optimisation. 
The problem isn't that the CPU isn't powerful enough to run 60fps though, it's that locking physics to framerate is a lazy implementation in the first place, physics calculations require precise timing, any jumps in the framerate or changes to the frame pacing result in instability. The devs then brute force it to fix the stability, so it becomes a CPU on PC at high enough framerates, the power is irrelevant if your implementation is not optimised. Gears 4 multiplayer ran at 60fps on the original xbone because UE4 doesn't lock physics to framerate. 
It is widely documented that linking gameplay issues to framerate, especially physics, causes stability issues. In all likelihood the PC code takes advantage of the additional cpu power to handle the variable framerate, whilst the console code lacks this (and the power to handle this). 
No its because Skyrim calculates its physics using the framerate and assumes 30fps to do it, this change would need them to adjust the physics engine calculations for 60fps and allow the game to switch between the two depending on the platform. It's what programmers call a non-trivial issue.

And it isn't Bethesda's job to not break mods with updates, it's up to the modder to fix them if they are happy to continue supporting their mod. 
I'd rather reddit *actually* accomplish something. This is better than the usual 'no pre-orders' CoD meme circlejerk which inevitably ends in record sales for the game in question. 
I don't think North America and the American revolution was a bad choice, it was just poorly implemented, with a dull protagonist and a few too many 'assassins were involved in this famous thing' moments. If you think the Ezio trilogy was all around the Italian renaissance, the origin western society, it makes sense to follow it up with the birth of the US nation, and the dawn of the modern society. The idea that the templars and the assassins are trying to shape events was a compelling one, they just dropped the ball rushing AC3 out and trying to cover the entire revolution in one game, rather than focus on two or three key early events. 
True, I recall cliff bleszinski saying about five years ago that EA gets torn down immediately but valve gets praised for almost the exact same micro transactions. 
TF2s loot boxes have both cosmetics and weapons which do affect gameplay. No straight upgrades, though that is up for debate.

And I'd say the community market is an insidious factor, player 1 buys loot boxes and sells contents on the marketplace, player 2 gives valve money so they can buy items from the marketplace, player 1 gets profit less a cut for valve, and player 1 can only use profit to buy stuff on steam. It's a system that further incentivises loot boxes and puts more money into valve's eco system. 
I do wonder why valve gets such a free ride on this. Their loot boxes are no less shitty than any other, they double dip with the item marketplace, and there are so many shady CS:GO item gambling sites that valve seems to go out of its way to not give a shit about. 
Yeah I think that's kind of the point. They can't sell it to kids. You think the big loot box games, battlefront, overwatch etc. they all appeal massively to the older kid market 8 to 10 years old and up. 
I think the angle is more that these games are sold to kids, a lot of them target the child and teenage markets specifically. For them to be targeting these markets the game couldn't have any 'gambling' content. 
Still no easy way to track how much of the region you've cleared.... 
I expect if digital sales were that good EA would be shouting it loudly.

Remember people that typically buy digital are probably also more likely to be the ones that are boycotting battlefront, and a bulk of the sales which will be unaffected are parents buying the game for their kids, which will most likely be physical purchases.

This is all assumptions, but for the missing sales to be all digital would imply a huge shift to digital, not impossible, but unlikely.

Also remember that the 'I'm 100% digital' comments sit in the same 'savy gamer' echo chamber as the whole battlefront controversy in the first place.

Ultimately even if there is a big uptick in digital sales it's fair to say that the impact is going to be noticeable. Long term as people give in and buy it the impact will be lessend, but between this and the general media attention, I'm sure it will be noticed by the industry. Chances are that it'll only make it more devious though. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
TfL and the Bank of England are about the only major UK institutions still paying final salary pensions. Even most other public sector jobs are on DC pensions now. 
Because companies are still trying to exploit the psychological power of gambling through loot boxes. Yeah pay to win is shitty, but so is charging real money for rng cosmetics. Again if they didn't matter companies wouldn't charge for them, but they know that they do matter to people. Just look at the item marketplace on steam, literally hundreds of dollars for some of the hats. 
Loot crates are scummy, I can accept loot boxes which can be earned through a reasonable amount of gameplay, I think Halo 5 gets the balance almost spot on, not quite perfect but the closest I can think of. But if you can unlock the crate with money then the content should be guaranteed, the scratchcard gambling draw is predatory and there is a reason gambling is a strictly regulated industry, using gambling tactics to appeal to young kids and vulnerable people who will potentially spend more than they can afford is just wrong. 
Because the inclusion of pay to win, micro-transactions, and predatory gambling mechanics at all is "negative all the time".
Yep I've seen this too many times to think anything will change.

Problem is that for every vocal complaint there are hundreds, thousands of people who don't know/care. Parents buying it for their kids, people who have enough disposable income to just buy the additional content, youtubers who will want to post their let's play video. And once the game gathers momentum people start giving in. 
And they had a really really shitty season pass AND content you can only buy with actual money. And cosmetics matter to people, otherwise they wouldn't make all of the money selling them. 
They are more than $60. Sure the base game maybe $60 but you then have the deluxe/gold/ultimate editions, each of which have unique content, the season passes, the DLC not included in the season pass. Not to mention all the physical collector edition extras. And actually, this kind of works, tiered pricing with different content of varying quality and quantity, and it allows you to pay for the extras in installments.

It's a little devious maybe, but the fact that it is something that has mostly been ignored or overlooked suggests that it's an acceptable strategy. As long as the season pass content is sufficient and the 'deluxe edition' extras justify the additional cost for those people will pay for the extras.
Surely someone at EA can see this will just encourage idling!? Find the most efficient game mode and attach a rubber band to your game pad. And nothing will kill the multiplayer faster than matches full of idlers. 
Especially since the bottom guy gives no hint of the work he's doing. Even slowed down his efforts are almost imperceptible. 
We'll get all the white people to sit at the front of the bus, and black people at the back. It's not racist, it's just moving people around based on the colour of their skin. 
Anger and frustration will only get you so far. Complaining begets more complaints. Anger begets more anger. People won't change, on both sides of the argument, people will blame everyone but themselves and do nothing to change their circumstances. It's not worth getting upset about things you can't change. 
I'm cynical enough to think that 90% of us are not qualified to open a tin of beans. But a less flippant response would be that people should be equipped with as much pertinent information as possible, to make an informed decision. 
The 'I didn't cause this / vote for this' attitude does not make you immune to the consequences of it though. However this goes, whether it (likely) fails or succeeds, it will be because the EU are bullies, or the UK is so strong etc. etc. There will never be an admission that this was a stupid idea in the first place

You will not get that vindication you seem to be looking for, you see it already, whenever there is another Brexit set back it's because the EU is a fascist regime, or trying to punish the UK.

Make the best of it, because the 'I told you so' attitude is just as tiresome and unhelpful as the leavers blaming everyone else. This is why it's a fucking shit show, everyone is too busy scoring points and pointing the finger to actually do something, and time is not an abundant resource we have right now. 
We elect people to make these decisions for us, because they should have experts and research etc. to inform these decisions. Ninety percent (and I include myself) of the people who voted in the referendum were not qualified or equipped to make that decision. 
I love how the banner to the right when the clip starts is clipping through the wall. It's so typically Ubisoft that something neat in their games is directly contrasted with something stupid. 
Problem is that all the content is behind paywalls only, so a level 10 player with a lot of money to spend on shark cards might have more stuff than my level 110 character. 
I shouldn't have to do loads of research and download custom utilities to stop an OS that costs a lot of money from spying on me and selling my data. 
I love the way the Kuruma handles, it's fast, agile, and it doesn't take much to kick the back out for drifting. 
The problem I have is that the physics are so wonky, the game was designed to be enjoyable to drive around the open world with NPC cars, it just doesn't work well for racing. 
I love gaming, but christ is the gaming community not the most toxic, cancerous thing on the planet at times! 
I only just started watching Grand Tour, I had grown tired of the Top Gear format, the last few Clarkson series felt missing something, hollow, like they were just going through the motions. I expected Grand Tour to be the same, so pleased that it feels a bit more like old Top Gear. 

I don't think they'll ever recapture top gear when it was at it's best around 2005 to 2010 ish. I think as the budget grew it lost some of its charm, the illusion of it being three blokes bumbling about faded and it started to become more polished, with higher production values.

With the Grand Tour it's obvious they've been given all of the money so the polished production is still there, but there is a genuine jubilance to it that has been missing from Top Gear for some time. And it does feel like three mates bumbling about, even if they have a massive production behind them. 
Not really practical in the same way that cars are practical for transportation though is it? 
Gotta get me a Big MacQuesarito


Such as? 
The Iraq numbers have been adjusted to account for combat, if you notice Syria is also in that list, below the US. 
If someone wants to hurt me, then they will find a way to do it, one on one violence will still be a thing as you say. But you never hear of someone killing 50 people from their hotel room with a chair leg. Guns make killing faster, and easier than other tools even things like knives, and they also allow you to do it from a distance, there is a reason they became the military weapon of choice. 
You're trolling...... right. I mean that article is making the exact opposite point to your argument, that the US is more comparable to shit pot third world countries than first world countries. It has less than half a percent fewer deaths than Iraq, so good job I suppose..... 
No but cars have a practical use. The only purpose of a gun is to fire lethal projectiles. So your argument is dumb. 
I couldn't help but feel that for three Chris Tucker's agent had a conversation with the production along the lines of 'Mr. Tucker would like to have more singing scenes in this film'. 
For all its flaws I never felt like Halo 5s loot crate system was unfair, you could earn plenty of crates through regular play at a reasonable pace. 
A lot of countries have mental health issues, it's a chronically underfunded area of health care across the world. And the solution to that is finding ways to improve mental health treatment, and access to that treatment, but lessening the risk of an unstable person having a firearm would generally speaking make everyone safer. Also how the police themselves respond to a mentally unstable person differs depending on whether or not they carry firearms, the recent case in Dallas would've played out very differently here in the UK, where the police would de-escalate the situation rather than draw guns and do the opposite, to an unstable and distressed person more confrontation won't result in a peaceful resolution.

On your terrorist point you say that the second amendment has nothing to do with stopping terrorist threats, but use terrorists as a justification for gun ownership, so it's a confusing and contradictory set of arguments. But to your point, the second amendment is meant to protect civil liberties, but that hasn't stopped the US government from eroding those almost daily for two decades, as long as it's in the name of freedom and stopping terrorism and protecting the flag etc etc and guns certainly don't protect people from the terrorists and those who want to do harm. 
I must've missed that 'armed and educated patriot' who stopped the Vegas shooter, and the sandy hook shooter. 
Because nobody in the US ever used a vehicle to cause death or destruction. 
I would argue that deciding slavery is unacceptable *is* a change in ideals. And as for freedom of religion, that's a new and progressive concept, back then you would've been burned at the stake for being anything other than a Christian. 
People from back then also shat in buckets and enslaved people. It's called progress. 
>I'll ask you one thing though if your child is vaccinated why are you scared of someone's child who isn't.

Firstly, genuine concern for the child, neglect is a strong word which I wouldn't use, but there is a good reason we have these vaccines, some of these diseases are nasty, nasty things. Google the effects of smallpox to see one of the less NSFL examples, and then the life long effects for the 30% of people who survived. Then remember that smallpox now only exists in a couple of labs, because of vaccines, and even if smallpox got out of these labs somehow, we'd be safe because vaccines. But the vaccine only worked because enough people were vaccinated. 

The second reason is that there are some people who can't have vaccines due to allergies, immunodeficiencies etc. these people are only safe from a lot of these diseases because the people around them are immune, they won't get infected and by extension pass on the infection to others. And the problem for people who cannot have vaccines, especially children, is that if the vaccine cannot be administered due to the complications it could cause, then the full on disease is often an instant death sentence, even for the more inconvenient than fatal ones. 

In short willful ignorance of the benefits of vaccination is bad for society on the whole. The world is a safer place because of vaccination, but it requires mass co-operation. Not that I expect any of this to change your opinion. 
They aren't comparable removing a sticker is not evidence that you modified the hardware, rooting your device is actually modifying the software. A warranty only covers repairs or replacement due to defects, it's good PR for Apple to replace the odd broken screen here and there, but they're not obligated to do it if you dropped it, same as Samsung aren't obligated to repair or replace your device due to unauthorised modifications, both to the hardware and software.
>1) Apps applenty

Gives no examples..... 


I don't pay a premium price for these things, I pay for a high quality screen and high spec internals, the look, feel and size of the bezel are kind of irrelevant to me, they're just part and parcel of most high end phones. Obviously there are some design considerations, it has to be practical to use etc. and I can and do appreciate the aesthetic qualities of a device they just don't guide my purchasing decisions.
Slightly more progressive than a government staffed by people in favour of fox hunting and against abortion, gay marriage and a right to privacy. 
Okay so what about the sites hosting those mods? Both nexus mods and moddb use advertising to cover the high cost of hosting large mod files. 
But what is the alternative? There are sites which survive on donations or merchandise or paywalls, but there is a finite amount of money people will be willing to spend. Without a way to generate revenue most sites will simply shut down.

I don't like ads, and block most of the intrusive ones, but I accept that over the alternative of subscriptions. 
I agree, both Sony and Microsoft could do a lot worse than a racer with caricature/cartoon versions of their lead characters, Master Chief, Marcus Phoenix, Nathan Drake, Kratos etc. then license a few other characters and off you go. Nintendo has the advantage of lots of iconic and family friendly characters to use but it won't take much to come up with a compelling lineup. 
Series 7: The Contenders

A faux reality TV show where a group of people  are tasked with hunting one another down and killing each other. It mixes GTA levels of satire with pitch perfect reality TV style and editing, the mini cliffhangers and over hyped drama with constant recaps and over dramatic narration. 
Taking the first comment in isolation, I would agree. But combined with the second comment, it changes the tone. To me that extra emphasis reinforces the exclusion, implying it's only a positive thing for this single group. 
I remember driving through Italy I think, I convinced an ex that the legs on one side of their body were considerably shorter than the other, this is what allowed them to climb so well, and was also why they were always on the side of mountains and never on the ground. 
Popularity doesn't need to affect your enjoyment, and I don't understand why people think it being 'mainstream' is a negative thing. Places like Machu Picchu, the Forbidden City, and the Vietnamese war museums are important remnants of history and culture, and it is fantastic that they've been made so accessible. 
I do think halo 4 is a much under rated game, though I think for me Reach hits the balance of good story, great aesthetic and tight gameplay.

I think you're right about the atmosphere of 4, it is up there, but I do think it didn't quite capture the wonder of the original Halo's ringworld.

Generally 4 tries to take the franchise in a more serious direction, you can see 343 pulling back a little toward the older cartoony style of the bungie games with 5. This puts 4 out of step with the rest of the Halo games and I think this will affect the overall opinion of 4, but unto itself it is a great game. 
It boggles my mind at how they come up with this. They must have to test the map in full for every little change. 
It also didn't help that both the remain and hillary campaigns dismissed opposition voters as racists and fruitcakes, and told everyone how bad the opposition was rather than why how good they were. Both campaigns failed to engage with the opposition voters in any way. 
We need to get the electrics rewired in our house, while they're at it I'm getting them to run network cabling through walls and put an ethernet socket in each room. Only cost a little bit extra for them to do it, just need to get a decent switch to run it all through. 
That and the fact that it's a little more discreet, looking more like a cheap sorts tracker. I'm not embarrassed about playing pokemon go, but I'd rather not have to wear a bright white and red kids watch. 
Putting yourself as a 'candidate' for qualifications you haven't completed. Working in finance I've seen 'CFA level 1 candidate' so many times. Congratulations you paid the registration fee for an exam. 
But those M&Ms are victims of the system. These other M&Ms are just born evil. That's the difference! 
I've had it a while but never got around to playing it. Booted it up about a week ago and it's just exceptional. After playing so many cover based shooters with regenerating health, have a game which encourages and actively rewards you getting stuck right into the thick of it is great. When the music ramps up, and demons are spawning everywhere, it is exhilarating in a way very few modern games are. Nothing gets in the way of gameplay, not even the story. 
Some apps are so overzealous with blocking rooted devices, my cell provider's app won't launch if it detects root. Heaven forbid root compromises an app which tells me how much data I have left this month. 
And this is why gaming won't be taken seriously. I'm sure every group has its childish and shameful elements, but none are so vocal and visible as gamers. 
Every group has that element which makes you ashamed to be associated with, but no group quite has the toddler throwing a temper tantrum down quite like gamers. 
>Not everyone who plays video games on the regular enjoys the treadmill that some call “the grind.”

GTA online is no longer catering for these people, it's catering for the 0.01% of players who will buy all the new content with shark cards. It's that simple. Stop thinking about GTAO as a game designed specifically to be enjoyable, and start thinking about it as a platform to sell content. 


If it were that important then people would be willing to go through the pain and difficulty in adult life. The reality is that very few grown men with foreskin would want to go through for the 'cosmetic' benefits, people say it helps with hygiene, but just wash your dick, it isn't hard. 
It's a nice reference to the 'paradise taken for granted' Martians have of Earthers. 
I am interested in this product and or service. 
Inflation is already kind of accounted for as both spending and GDP will be affected, so it should sort of self adjust, any deviation would be the effect of inflation on spending vs. GDP and is probably worth retaining. 

Population is an interesting point but I think even more interesting would be normalised against both total population and working population. I think that showing how spending has changed vs. the proption of active contributors would highlight changes in the UK demographic and how that isn't being accounted for. 
But I'm not going to buy raid passes when I know it could be wasted when nobody turns up. 
You assume that people on welfare only breed more drains on society, and that 'good' people do not breed shitty people. 

I can assure you that is not the case. 
If that's what safetynet is looking for, but it's not just the filenames, it's their content etc. this is what the magisk guys figure out, what the flags are and what can be done to hide from them. At this point the new checks are probably getting quite sofisticated. 
Because the general public haven't made any collective decisions that could be considered controversial, even stupid, recently. 
I think the last time someone tried to remove 'undesirable' elements from the gene pool, people made a bit of a fuss. They might even have gone to war over it. 
It checks a multitude of things, signatures on various elements of the system, if the bootloader is unlocked, the presence of SU management apps, the presence of certain files. 


What you're suggesting isn't a new idea, but the responses will be signed to verify their integrity, maybe you could capture the responses by running a clean device and save them for later, as long as the digital signature doesn't include a timestamp, if so you'd need to know how they are signed. Now we're getting into digital cryptography, the chances of cracking this are slim. 


Bottom line is whether you are spoofing clean responses or are masking and avoiding detection in the first place, it's still a game of whack-a-mole. Getting a new clean response to spoof, or working out what safetynet is looking for and hiding it. Neither is bulletproof but hiding from safetynet is the easiest solution. 
When dropped from a great height, even a dead cat will bounce. 
They also had significantly longer to get a rating that low, we'll see how trump looks after a comparable length of time. 
Remember that children play this game too, I'm not sure encouraging them to speak to strangers is a great idea. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
It's just so much better than the usual 'the human eye can't see more than 30fps' circlejerk. 
Always. ALWAYS. Set up a direct debit to pay the minimum amount each month. Even if you intend to pay the whole balance, or carry the majority of it to take advantage of low interest periods, the minimum payment will always be less than any fees or interest due to non or late payment. 
And also David St. Hubbins in This Is Spinal Tap

http://imdb.com/rg/an_share/title/title/tt0088258/
It's not bad, it's just not as good as it could be. I mean the phone app has more tracks and vehicles. 

My main bug bear is that the tracks feel too narrow in places for twelve cars, the collision physics get so wonky at times and if you're in the main pack on the first corner good luck! 
My preferred method to reorder columns is to use the advanced filter. 

Create a new sheet and set out the headers in the order you want them (they have to match the source headings exactly). Then select the advanced filter, your data will be the original csv data, leave criteria blank, check the copy to box and your destination cells are the headers you just created (A1:G1 for example). 
Strong & stable leadership. 
This is why I stopped bothering with the top two tiers of CoM. I don't mind losing because I've been out matched, but losing to a RNG is just frustrating. 
While it's not awful it's disappointing to compare it to the app and toybox turbos (which the app is based on). It seems to based on the same model of quick stand alone races as the mobile app, ideal for commuting but as a console release it feels a little disjointed. The lack of simple things such as staying in a group with your opponents for the next match stick out like a sore thumb, especially given the short game length. 
And most importantly 'the will of the people', like 51.8% means a unanimous decision. 


That said I don't think there should be another referendum, I think we should struggle through this shit show, and maybe in ten years, twenty years, the nation will see what it has lost and try to rebuild bridges, eventually consider rejoining the EU. Of course we'd have to adopt the Euro, make all the concessions to the EU we'd refused to before. But that will make our bond with Europe closer, we've always only ever been a 'one foot in the door' kind of member, closer to the United States than our geographical neighbours. But a frostier special relationship with the States, and a flourishing Europe should make us reconsider our position on the world's stage, and who our allies truly should be. 
I tried to discuss this here https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemongo/comments/6jvsio/idea_incentives_for_your_team_holding_a_gym/

There is no team benefit to holding a gym, in fact I'd rather see an opposition held gym, if I've got the time I can clear it out and get a pokemon in there, if I see a friendly gym chances are it's full and the pokemon don't need many, if any berries. 
I disagree with the idea that only the defender should benefit from holding the gym. The problem from a gameplay perspective is that there is no wider team benefit. I don't care which team holds a gym if I'm not one of the six defenders, there is no sense of team collaboration when it comes to gyms. 
I've always thought that if there was a scout on the team, and a non-scout picks up lots of energy there should be a tip pop-up telling them scouts get x2 during the round and can also equip a deposit bonus. 
Snorlax - Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go
The first time each person changes in the last three seconds the timer goes back to five seconds (only once per person so you don't get stuck). It works for multiplayer games like Halo. If people want to troll they will find a way to troll,but this would at least warn you of their intent. 
You have a ten second countdown showing if people vote to stay or leave, you can then change your decision accordingly. 
The toilets and communal kitchen in my office lead me to believe that there is an army of invisible five year olds living there. I mean grown ups working at a respectable FTSE 100 company wouldn't spill coffee all over the kitchen counter for someone else to clean up, or build little toilet paper hammocks for their *could do with eating a little more ruffage* shit and not flush....... 
The PS3 had backwards because they included the Emotion Engine chip in the PS3, then they stopped including it to save around $13 per unit, and to charge gamers for the pleasure. They got it right, then they realised that getting it wrong would be more profitable. 
'so many' is more than the none that I will get at the moment because nobody challenges the gyms near me. 


Taken from the Rockstar EULA: http://www.rockstargames.com/eula

>Subject to this Agreement and its terms and conditions, Licensor hereby grants you a nonexclusive, non-transferable, limited, and **revocable** right and license to use one copy of the Software for your personal, non-commercial use for gameplay on a single Game Platform (e.g. computer, mobile device, or gaming console) unless otherwise expressly specified in the Software documentation. **Your license rights are subject to your compliance with this Agreement.** 

&nbsp;

Pretty clear that the license can be revoked if you breach the agreement, meaning they can disable your copy of the game, not just end support.

&nbsp;

>The Software is licensed, not sold, to you, and you hereby acknowledge that no title or ownership in the Software is being transferred or assigned and this Agreement should not be construed as a sale of any rights in the Software.

&nbsp;

You have now ownership at all of the software.

&nbsp;

>You agree not to:

>c. make a copy of the Software or any part thereof (other than as set forth herein);

>d. make a copy of the Software available on a network for use or download by multiple users;

>h. reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, display, perform, prepare derivative works based on, or otherwise modify the Software, in whole or in part;

&nbsp;

Effectively bans modding, as well as the creation and distribution of mods.

&nbsp;

Now the reality is that Rockstar probably wouldn't take this to court for users playing singleplayer mods, it would be too costly for the financially and reputationally. But lets not forget that both LeagueSharp and Bossland were successfully sued for the mods they created, whilst they are designed to allow players to cheat from a legal perspective it does not matter what the mods do. It is the creation of 'derivative works' to quote the Bossland lawsuit, which was one of the key reasons Blizzard won.

&nbsp;

Just because they generally don't do it, does not mean they cannot or will not.
Except you don't own either playground. You own a licence to use the playgrounds on their terms, it is up to them if they allow you to modify either. 

Software licences are are weird legal minefield for the consumer, which overwhelmingly favour the publisher unfortunately. 
That's the thing I find most disappointing, Shran was such a great character. Rewatching DS9 I was so pleased to see Weyon and Brunt. 
Discovery is already being massively automated in the corporate legal world. When large volumes of 'evidence' is in a digital format, all you have to do is have an algorithm which identifies patterns. You flag the overall pattern for review by a human, and you flag any outliers from the pattern. It also eliminates the effectiveness of evidence dumps, sharing so much evidence that the opposing lawyers can't process all of it properly, creating a needle in a haystack. 
The problem is that the progression curve is so shallow and excessively protracted. The distance between the last 'reward' and the next one is so large, and the enjoyment from each reward so small that the effort required is not worth the reward. The distance between each progression step should be larger than the last, but the rewards and new content should make bridging the next gap easier and more enjoyable. 

I get very limited amounts of time to play games, and I want to maximise the enjoyment I can get, I don't want to grind for weeks for a new car or pay $100 to make a new game mode enjoyable. The reward does not justify the investment. 
Oh of course, I simply mean that with the timelines we need to work to for Brexit, the torries can't be leading the country and having a leadership debate. 
Under normal circumstances I'd agree that it is unfathomable for her to remain as leader of the party. But unless the EU agrees to the halting, or at least suspension of the article 50 process then we don't have time for the conservatives to play their amateur game of thrones. Not unless they're willing to conceded to a Labour/SNP coalition. 
https://youtu.be/4sJY7BTIuPY
He would've been more successful if he just put the startup capital his dad gave him into an S&P index fund. His father was the business powerhouse building a lot from nothing, Donald Trump started with a lot and wound up with less than he would've had he done nothing. 
Sins of a solar empire has been my go to more or less since it launched. Especially before I found the fast forward keyboard shortcuts,I am not a smart man. 
I'm beginning to wonder if that's their plan. The torries know that between Brexit and trump the next five years will be awful, so step back, let Labour deal with it. The only thing I doubt is whether the torries and in particular Theresa May are pragmatic enough to give up short term power, for the long term gain. 
Already trying to exploit the Manchester bombing. This irrelevant party are shameless and should have no place in this country, let alone governing it. 
The nine is silent. 
Well clearly I have been bested by your concise and well written riposte, I conceed defeat! ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
This kind of response is exactly what these people want, and is the purpose of these attacks. They want there to be a knee-jerk 'blame Muslims' reaction, to drive a wedge between western culture and Muslim culture, 'they will never accept you as a Muslim, westerners will only accept you if you become one of them'. It creates resentment on both sides, and for every person like you, there's a Muslim on the other side feeling more and more detached from the western country they live in, less and less welcome, and less and less like they have a place here. 

ISIS recruiting strategy is sophisticated and insidious, they're into Scientology levels of psychological manipulation. They're making Muslims feel isolated from the western world, making them begin to resent it and then slowly drawing themselves in. Remember, most of the culprits of the recent attacks have been born and raised in western countries, they're considered dirty and cannon fodder by ISIS because they're not 'true' Muslims in their eyes, but they can redeem themselves by doing something like this. 

To give you an idea of how powerful this manipulation is, I'll leave you with the documentary about Richard Dart, a white, British born man with no previous connection to Islam, who was recruited into the terrorist group. [My brother the terrorist](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2614285/My-brother-terrorist-Filmmaker-attempts-understand-stepbrother-went-middle-class-white-boy-Muslim-convert-convicted-terrorist.html), and I know you'll say people like Anjem Choudary are the ones who should be locked up, sent home etc. and you're probably not wrong. But his talk is not that dissimilar from the General Lee waving rednecks in the US who spoke of civil war and secession, it's all free speech, it's hypothetical and academic,it's all *just about* legal. 
The ELI5 version is that Windows system files are mostly protected (read only) once the OS has completely booted. Most viruses circumvent this protection by remaining almost completely dormant until the computer is rebooted, it injects itself into the boot process and can then modify or delete the core system files before the OS boots. If you see any signs of a virus infection, you'd want to avoid rebooting, as it may not have fully infected your system. Once your system files are infected you have to contend with the same protection to clean them, and it is often easier to wipe the system. 
My main concern is that the headphone port is put under a lot more stress than the USB-C port in day to day use. Headphones connected, disconnected, pulled around as you move with headphones connected. I damaged the headphone port on an old device, it was inconvenient to not have a working headphone socket, but at least I could charge my device and recover data, in a 3.5mm free future it would be very costly to do so. 

You then have the ability to charge and use the headphone jack at the same time as others have mentioned. But this isn't limited to headphones, a friend takes card payments through a device which connects to his phone through the headphone jack. He needs to recharge his phone during a busy day several times, with a USB-C device he would need to stop accepting card payments for extended periods whilst he recharged his phone. 

There is just no benefit to removing the 3.5mm jack at the moment, there are USB-C headphones out there but they are limited compared to the alternative. And whichever you use 3.5mm or USB-C you'll need an adapter for them to be universally compatible. I get it, it's chicken and egg, you need adoption for a standard to become standard, but you don't get mass adoption unless it's the standard. But removing an option when the alternative isn't widely established just doesn't seem like change for the battery, just change for the sake of change. 
You are correct, devices can indeed have different features, but I suspect that if Samsung removed the screen from their phone in the name of differentiating itself you'd be pretty quick to call them out on it, even though we managed without screens on phones for decades. And different devices with different features will illicit different opinions. 

My opinion is that there is no practical reason to remove a port which is so ubiquitous, and for which the alternatives are measurably inferior. You have Bluetooth which is not capable of providing the same quality that wired headphones do, is susceptible to interference, and drains your battery faster. Or you have USB-C headphones, of which the choice is significantly more limited than the 5mm alternatives, uses the same port as the charger and data cable leaving you unable to do either at the same time as listening to music, and provides a virtually intangible difference in audio quality. 

I invite you to offer me reasons why removing the headphone jack is an improvement over older models. Because I genuinely cannot see what they are. 
I have more than one set of headphones which I use regularly. I often charge my phone and listen to music at work. I just don't expect a new $600 device to be more effective inconvenient then my current one. 

It also increases the risk that the charging/data port on my phone could become damaged. I broke the headphone port one an old phone,  I was knocked over and the headphone jack was bent in the port damaging it, it was inconvenient but the device was still usable. Now granted that was a freak occurrence, but if that was the USB-C port I would also be unable to charge my phone or recover the data from it without using an expensive recovery or repair service. 

Not to mention the raft of other devices which use the headphone jack, most notably card readers for small/mobile retailers. A friend of mine does interior design, she has a device which allows her to take room measurements and automatically syncs them to an app so she can quickly mock up designs for clients, it also scans colors so she can include them in her designs. 

It all sounds trivial but my phone should just work, I don't want adaptors to be able to use the same headphones on my pc and my phone. 
My contract allows me to renew my phone every year. I've had it so long and had so many discounts applied there's no benefit to not getting a new handset. I may stick with the 10, I wound up sticking with the M8 and sold the M9. Did the same with one of the One X models,the benefits of changing handsets didn't outweigh the hassle. 

But I won't be getting the 11 even if I don't intend to use it, I don't want to endorse the removal of the headphone jack. It was a stupid idea when Apple did it, and it's still a stupid idea now that HTC are doing it. 
Yup. I'm a fan of HTCs hardware, had a new HTC almost every year since the original Desire, but it looks like I'll be getting the S8 or maybe the Pixel 2. Shame. 
I always felt Keyes strength was astrogation, the Keyes Loop certainly has an element of tactical genius, but for me the real genius was that he crunched the numbers himself, without an AI. He certainly has a talent for the strategic thinking, but it's usually one on one scenarios, Cutter sees the bigger picture a little better imo, coordinating lots of pieces at once. 
If I recall correctly you can load the original CnC files with openRA. The look would be the same just at resolutions beyond the original engines capability. 
Your credit history won't affect how much you can borrow (generally) which was OPs question. But your credit history will affect whether a lender will actually give you a mortgage, usually combined with the 'LTV' score or loan to value which is the percentage of the property on mortgage. 

So you may not get approved for a 100k mortgage at 95% of the property value, but you could get a 100k mortgage at 50% LTV. This part is very tricky to measure and the criteria to get approved are far more variable than you'd think, and it still comes down to a combination of a pretty broad formula, and the subjective opinion of the risk analyst who gives the final approval. 
Do you have a lot of keys? This happened to me when I had 1,000+ keys, contacted support and they reviewed and unbanned me. 
I don't have an issue with change. I think the general gameplay is some of the best in the series, the combat is more fluid and fast paced, the controls could be a little tighter to get the best out of it, but it's definitely an improvement. A little tweaking of the arena environments and AI to make the battles seem less like an unconnected group of enemies and they've nailed it. 

The nomad sections also I kind of enjoy, the biggest issue with that for me is the lack of incentive to explore. After two or three random encounters with the kett or the remnants, or both, I realised the reward wasn't worth the time, a container with random loot of indeterminate value. Again refinement could make this work better rewards, the environment actually changing as you terraform the planet, and some kind of permanence to each victory instead of the infinite respawning. 

But the character relationships, which for me were one of the franchises highlights, are lacking depth and meaning. As are a lot of the side missions. It feels like quantity over quality. Giving us 300 short and simple side quests rather than 30 complex ones. Now to be fair there are some lengthy side quests with real depth, but they're lost amongst the hundreds of bland go to x and kill y or press/scan z missions. 

Change isn't bad, but the main steps back to me don't feel like a result of change or experimenting with new things. They're just a step back, not as good as past games. But like I said, it's a solid game and I like it overall, there are just elements which could and have been done better by Bioware. But I'm hopeful for MEA2,given the past track record of refinement. 
Yeah this is how I feel about it. If it was a brand new franchise it would be getting 90+ review scores, but compared to the earlier games there's a lack of refinement you'd expect from the fourth game in the series. I'm sure MEA2 will be much like ME2 they refine what works, redesign what doesn't, but as it stands MEA feels like a bit of a backward step, not bad, just not as good. 
Alarmdroid allows you to skip alarms, I'm genuinely surprised this feature isn't more common in stock android phones already. So useful for bank holidays, days off and holidays, no need to remember to turn the alarm back on. 
Internet detective here! Definitely the Liverpool Street line metro service, but the photo must be old, I can see the old abellio greater anglia branded notices (grey, red and white), they changed all of those to the blue and white tfl branded ones. 
My friend and I did the same. We played it for hours on a zoom instagib server when 2k3/4 came out. 
While I was never this bad, I do think back on my past self when I was at college and cringe at my behaviour. I wonder if this individual will ever do the same. 
The fact that it's a cat is irrelevant, setting off a firecracker next to any sleeping animal or person is a shitty thing to do. Doubly so for animals who won't be able to figure out it is a 'prank' and there's no real danger. 
The ten years is just the previous posters figure, and yes Scotland isn't starting from scratch and could be in a good position with a two to three year transition period. Although this assumes a smooth process with lots of cooperation from Westminster, as you say with Brexit being an ongoing disaster there will be little motivation or capacity for Westminster to be cooperative. 

However my point was getting an independent Scotland from referendum to eligible to join the EU, the previous poster was implying that having a referendum sooner would make it easier to rejoin. After the initial transition period there would still need to be an extended period of stabilisation. 

Then as I say you have all the infrastructure of governing agencies etc., I accept that many of them have a presence in Scotland which could continue the BAU operations, but the governing infrastructure is all in England so new leadership, strategy and policy would need to be established. Yes setting up the Scottish parliament was a quick and smooth process, with a lot of cooperation from Westminster, an existing system to build upon, and a sole focus. We're talking about every government agency, and every ministry department at the same time, no trivial task especially with limited support. 

On your point about Montenegro, it applied to join the EU eight years ago and current progress puts it at joining by 2020, some fourteen years after the independence referendum. Now I accept it has faced many more challenges than Scotland will, but the biggest ones like having it's own currency will be the same. 

Simply put, my point is that there is a big difference between becoming an independent nation, and fully unwinding itself from the UK and being able to join the EU. It's far from impossible and has been done a number of times before, but it is a complex process further complicated by Brexit. Every challenge the UK will face in negotiations with the EU will be compounded for Scotland with the UK,simply because Brexit is going to be higher on Westminsters priority list. 
Scottish independence will be a ten year process. It'll need to set up its own central bank and currency, yes they could use the pound but without a central bank to back it up they're using a currency they have no control over in terms of interest or inflation, which makes fiscal policy nigh on impossible unless it aligns with the UKs. They'll also need to set up their own governing infrastructure, for example if Scotland wants a financial industry they will need a regulator, the FCA only has one office, in London. Then they need to go through all the UK laws they've inherited, ensure they still apply and that enforcing agencies are there (Environment Agency, FACT, BBFC, Trading Standards, Customs & Revenue) and setup with their own leadership. Border control along the English border will need to be established. They will need to decide if they're going to remain governed under a Parliamentary system with the PM also being the head of state, or do they setup a new governing system. 

Until all of this and much more is answered, implented and proven to be the foundation for a stable nation the EU won't even talk to Scotland. 
Maybe at the time of the last referendum, but oil is barely worth more than the barrel they put it in at the moment. At $50 a barrel it's 37 times cheaper then a barrel of Perrier water. 
I would be satisfied with a mission generator for 'fixer' contracts. Choose the type of mission (few examples):

* Assassination
* Collect and protect/escape (police and/or gang) 
* Steal object/hijack vehicle
* Cause chaos


Quick start you just choose difficulty, duration, distance to travel, no. of players. It creates a lobby then you can go, locations are randomly selected based on distance and duration, waves and types of enemies are based on the mission type and difficulty. I think the engine and AI are dynamic enough to take it from there. You could even choose specific locations etc. in an advanced menu, and bookmark the mission setup at the end. 
I agree with you in principle, if you cheat in a multi-player environment you get what you deserve. 

However, my problem with this is that it supports the notion that you do not own the game you've bought. The idea that a game you've bought can be disabled entirely, for a relatively minor infraction, is quite worrying. Now sure on consoles if you have a physical copy you can use a different console or gamer ID, so it's not entirely disabled, but if it's a digital copy associated with your ID then it is for all intents and purposes, useless. 
This is only ever going to really stop if people stop buying touted tickets. There are so many shitty things these companies do to get as many tickets as possible, if people didn't buy them it wouldn't be worth their time. 
You can return them and closer to the event they sell the returned tickets. 
I assumed it was an incentive to buy simcash, I don't get ads having spent a few dollars but I've discouraged friends from doing the same for this very reason. Getting some free stuff for buying things seems like a reasonable trade off, especially if the gold chest always gives simcash. 
No I think we need to go back to revelations for the sellout game. I enjoyed it, but it was the first of the series to start the throw away, one game gimmicks that have become part of the franchise. 
I think part of the problem is that you're dealing with lots of 'I'm not racist but...' people. They have convinced themselves that their choice was about more than immigration, so much so that they cling to lots of flimsy arguments. 
I loved the version of Hell March from Retaliation. Weird how this became the base for HM2 and 3. 
I love the comments section. I like to imagine that there's a big switch marked 'idiot magnet' they have to flip to turn the comments section on. It also makes great fodder for Dave Gorman's Modern Life is Goodish. 
This might have been me, I've been hoarding beach items in my feeder city. Sold them all earlier so I could clear a earn simoleons task and buy the next vu tower upgrade. 
I was laboring under the pretense that voting to leave meant exactly that. Of course the leave campaign lied, of course pro-leave MPs told us we could have our cake and eat it. Meanwhile, every senior EU figure (also known as the people who actually decide our exit deal), told us access to the EU trade union would require concessions on free movement of people (which was a concession the leave campaign would not accept). The fact is that the right wing eurosceptics have been touting this bullshit for a decade, and rightly ignored or dismissed as the ramblings of idiots, you can't now point at them and say but they said. The reality is that the remain campaign was woefully inadequate, and spent all it's time addressing this clearly false nonsense, whilst dismissing genuine concerns and neglecting to talk about the benefits of EU membership. Let us also not forget their lies, Cameron's promise not to resign if he lost, guarantees on an immediate post brexit recession, hundreds of thousands of job losses and a mess exodus of businesses, concerns about national security being at risk. And these are the more sensible claims. 
Because the fighting isn't going to change things, the time to fight was a year ago, unfortunately the remain camp assumed that the result was a full gone conclusion, and dismissed the leavers as idiots and loonies, rather than actually engaging with them. 

Resisting and not making the situation work is hurting everyone 'cutting off your nose to spite your face', it's not like we're immune from the consequences because we didn't vote to leave. I for one intend to make whatever happens work, I've worked hard for what little I've got, and I'm not going to let that fall apart in a childish act of self destruction. 
This argument about 'leaving the single market wasn't part of the vote' argument is just invalid. When people say that we didn't vote to leave the single market, or we didn't vote on soft/hard brexit, they're just fooling themselves. A vote to leave was a vote to leave the EU and all things pertaining to it. 

I was against the referendum, I am against leaving, but the votes were cast, and the result clear. Cameron and his ilk are to blame for the poorly defined terms of the referendum, it should have required a significant majority for either result to win, and there should have been plans to deal with either result. Unfortunately none of this was the case, but the pointless resistance and in fighting isn't going to change anything and will just cause more instability. Saying that I didn't vote for it doesn't render me immune to the outcomes and consequences, as much as I'd love to sit back and watch everything fall apart around the brexiters, it's going to fall apart around me too. 
This isn't a new business model, in fact it's more or less the standard business, repackaging items to resell. If you buy a sandwich from a sandwich shop, you're just buying 'stock assets' at a marked up price. In the creative industries there are entire sites devoted to stock pictures, sounds, videos, fonts and various other assets for use in photoshop etc. In the music industry some artists make entire songs from samples, takes some of daft punks most successful songs for example, some of them contain little to no original content, other than the way all of the components have been joined together, and the subjective measure of how good you think it is. And with all of these things there are people who are purely interested in making money, not the artistic element. 

Don't get me wrong, the game is a pile of shit. But I think we need that shit, the amateur hour stuff. The so bad they're good games, Earth Defense Force, Deadly Premonition, Two Worlds, that Sherlock Holmes game with the creepy Watson. They add a bit of flavor and diversity, to an otherwise fairly bland AAA lineup. 
If there is a scout in the game a message should pop up for non-scouts picking up power, along the lines of 'scouts collect double power and can get additional deposit bonuses'. Same for people building things when there's an engineer. 

There are trolls in horde, but part of the problem is that the mechanics aren't explained too well, most people are used to in game tutorials, not walls of text. Case in point, hada game where a sniper was collecting lots of power, I messaged to ask they leave it for the scout, and they said they didn't know and left the power for the scout.  
Four new and exclusive IPs. The XOne is devoid of new IP, the closest thing to a killer new title was Titanfall and that got a 360 release. Sunset Overdrive, Quantum Break, Recore all pretty mediocre, nowhere near as iconic as Halo or Gears, Forza or Fable. 
They may not be top earners, but a significant number won't stay in the UK if there is a risk that their success will be limited by wage caps. If an entrepreneur starting their own business, can't find top people to help run their company and make it successful in the UK then they will go where the 'talent' is. 
I like it, but I wouldn't want it on my desk. If that makes sense. 
An old uni friend does this, setup sounds pretty similar too. 
My friend does this, he has an old case and gutted some old CRT monitors to put some new screens inside, even wired up the power buttons. He likes the nostalgia feels, and the looks of surprise when he opens it up and there's an SSDs, an i7 and a couple of titans, has mods to make the desktop look like win 98. Pretty weird if you ask me. 
You say this like the US media does any different, they skew the facts 'mis-report' and outright ignore certain stories to benefit the candidate the outlet prefers. And it's never about what's best for America or the people, but the news corporation. I'm not saying that it's right, it's just nothing new, only the platform (social media and alternative news sites) has changed and the Internet become a pivotal piece of the election. 
These people make me irrationally angry, smartphones and tablets make it worse, I see at least one person a day still reading a book or watching a show on their tablet whilst trying to walk through the city, today I saw a guy doing it with a small laptop. What the fuck is wrong with these people, that they need to do this for their fifteen minute (at the very most) walk from the station to the office?
Because not participating isn't an option, I'm still affected by the result anyway, so I fail to see your point. Just because I participate in an ill conceived, opportunistic vote, which I had no desire to have in the first place, doesn't mean I should just put up or shut up. 

The reality is that the EU referendum was a question the British public were woefully unqualified to answer, and we shouldn't have had a vote in the first place. 
To me the discussion seemed to be more about the broader usage of the word. But then even in the purely technical sense the word hack is a hugely broad term covering physical, and software exploits, bugs and unexpected behavior, the use of malicious code and tools (both software and hardware). The classic, print/help exploit in Win98 seems laughable now, but it is hack in the strict sense of the word, even if it doesn't compare to the sophistication of modern exploits. 
Ultimately language is defined by it's usage, phrases and words are used incorrectly all the time. I agree that the word hacking should refer to the use of technological exploits, not theft, social engineering, or human exploits like re-used/poor passwords. But the popular perception is that hacking is a generic term for gaining unauthorized access to a system, regardless of the means. I suspect that it will remain so, and the terminology for specific types of 'hacking' will become more common place. 
This is my biggest issue with the writing. I think the characters themselves, and the way they interact with one another was really well written. But the way the narrative is told and the way the characters responded to the different plot threads was really quite poor. For example is Miranda ever introduced beyond the news report about her being transgendered? And is it established how Marcus knows her? Unless I skipped a side quest or missed some dialoge, she just sort of turns up and seems to know who Marcus is. 
Yeah I kept meaning to make a post about it, but always forget to grab a screenshot. Glad it's not just me that noticed. 
I think you pretty much hit the nail on the head. My main gripe is once you're spotted, that's it, everyone knows where you are, in WD1 you could disable communications to stop backup, this time you can't and once you're spotted some guy on the far side of the map will call for backup. I also found escaping or losing notoriety to be pretty much impossible on foot. There's no indication that you're escaping, and there just seems to be endless waves of bad guys, so you can't stun/kill your way out. 

All in all, I found there to be no incentive to go full stealth, but neither full guns blazing. It seems WD2 tries to give you both options, but both have serious flaws, not game breaking, but enough to make you cheese it with the stun gun. I mean once you get the insta-stun upgrade you just stun gun then use a silenced pistol to keep them down. 
It's probably mechanical, when there is weight it starts the water, then as they pull from a certain angle it cuts the water flow. Also the wobbling can make it more stable, much like Japanese buildings which can move slightly to absorb some of the energy from an earthquake, the movement of the frame may be to absorb the stresses being applied as people swing in different directions etc. 
The turn based combat has a few quirks to keep it interesting, it wasn't too grindy if memory serves. 

The narrative is pretty good, not the best ever but more than sufficient to support the length of the game. The real draw for me were the lost memories, short memory sequences triggered by the environment. They were text over a static image with some sound effects, very simple but very well written. 
C2C is actually pretty good for this, their form is easy enough to do online.  Also if you use their smart card they automatically start crediting you as soon as the train is delayed by more than two minutes, it's literally pennies at first but it adds up. I've only once been delayed by twenty minutes or more, it's usually a delay of a couple of minutes that you wouldn't even notice, but I get about a fiver back each month. 
The trick is to not get into a fist fight with someone weilding a knife in the first place. You go in treating the situation like a conflict, acting aggressively and you'll get that fight. You need to be authoritative but calm to de-escalate the situation, if you draw a gun you've escalated, which is the opposite of what you want to peacefully resolve the situation. When you're dealing with panicked individual that escalation will only panic them more which results in shots fired. 
There is a big difference between behaving in an authoritative way and an aggressive way. A nuance which seems to have been missing from situation in most cases where the suspect is shot. 
I think this tool is designed specifically for the 'telemetry' stuff built into windows 10, it's not bloat/spyware per say, but software taking advantage of some of the tracking tools built into the OS itself, and MS own usage of these tools. 
Yes, the uncompromising 'perfectness' of the crews in TNG and Voyager gets a little tiresome. And the characters in DS9 are excellent, Garak is one of my favorite characters from any show, he was just so consistently great. As you say in the pale moonlight is a great garak episode, as is the wire. 
I hated DS9 as a kid and much preferred TNG and Voyager, but having rewatched it as an adult I think DS9 is the best series by far. 
Because he was getting free stuff by letting them think he was a medical doctor. 
It's worse than that, there are people in the United States who would've reacted violently and attempted a small revolutionary war, had he lost. A small group admittedly who received a disproportionate amount of attention, but greater than zero. 
Back in my university days some friends found websites that would let you buy titles. One guy found a site and bought himself the title of 'Lord', not to be outdone another friend bought the title of 'Doctor'. Both of them used the titles at uni and it was quite funny to see a doorman do a double take when the guys ID said Lord etc. 

The point of this little preamble is that the friend with the doctor title found that about half the time when flying he would be offered upgrades and other freebies when he was checking in, which he took advantage of. He also liked to travel a lot and his father had moved to Australia, so he had gotten a lot of millage out of the title, until, on one flight to Australia, a flight attendant woke him. "Excuse me Doctor" she said quietly and calmly, "sorry to wake you, but a lady is unwell and having trouble breathing, could you help please". He panicked and had to admit that he was not a doctor, was massively embarrassed to say the least, and never used his title again. 
I have a physical copy but not needing to change discs is always nice. Thanks. 
I did this, not realising that buying something stops the ad rewards. I would've found these much more profitable and useful long term. 
Most 'Antivirus' apps pointless on Android, at best they do nothing, at worst they're malicious themselves. 

Just keep an eye on permissions when installing apps, you'll usually be prompted when running the app. If a soundboard app needs access to your contacts list then delete it. As already mentioned ignore booster, clean up, battery saver and app killer apps. The built in HTC boost app should take care of most of this anyway. 
Chances are that the deal price is still more than a physical copy from Amazon or big retailers. Usually the older games get good discounts but less than a year old and the discount doesn't do much when MS store pricing is so uncompetitive. 
Brand loyalty and marketing go a long way. The iPhone has been by and large inferior to the flagship Android handsets for about four years, but they're still insanely popular. Because brand loyalty and marketing. Something Sony has a much harder time with. 
I commute to work by train every day, I grumble and complain about the inevitable delays, the strikes, more delays, and the annual increase in ticket prices. But damned if I don't admire the pure logistics of making a nationwide rail network (mostly) work. 
Sniffing instead of blowing your nose when you have a cold. If someone is doing it nearby repeatedly I'll make a point of offering them a tissue. 
The same applies to walking. During my commute if I'm in a rush to get to the office I wind around people like an asshole. If I'm not in a rush this annoys me so much I make a point of being as obstructive as possible to people doing this. 
I have no problem with her being a placeholder prime minister, the problem is she seems to think she's more than a placeholder. 
You don't necessarily need to add all of the flavors. Sometimes simplicity rules, sometimes I just want really good steak to taste like really good steak, doesn't need every flavor in the spectrum. 

But his point was more about the usage of salt and citrus. These two components in of themselves don't add much to flavor, but the chemical reactions they create really draw the flavor of the rest of the food out. My go to example of this is tequila, on it's own a mildy palatable drink, add the salt and lemon/lime slice and the taste changes entirely. 
If only all the worlds problems could be solved in twenty words or less. 

The situation is complex since China originally annexed Taiwan in the 17th century, only losing total control in the mid1900s due to civil war. Now sure Taiwan does have a case for independence, but the internal politics of other nations prevents them from fully supporting them. How would Samoa or the Virgin Isles for example, react if the US support for Taiwanese independence was based on the fact that they were once an independent nation which was invaded centuries ago? Or the Falkland Islands? Or Catalan? If their respective 'owners' fully supported Taiwan. There are plenty of overseas territories which are points of contention for various nations, supporting the external status quo gives more credence to the internal status quo. 

If you want global politics without amoral and hypocritical situations, you're dealing with the wrong species. 
Because China claims ownership of Taiwan. 

From the perspective of China it would be like Alaska suddenly going, fuck you America we're independent, and the whole world went along with it because Alaska has resources and the world wants access to them. But at the same time when dealing with America the world is totally behind the idea that Alaska belongs to the United States (but pssst not really Alaska). 

Politically by acknowledging Taiwan as Taiwan in its own right very publicly, and not as Taiwan Greater China, Trump has shown all the wit, charm and subtlety of a chimp throwing it's own shit every which way that it can. 
The simple answer is to point out that it may not just be the government that accesses the information. A database of browsing history would be a prime target for hacking, think of all the breaches just in recent memory. We could see a shift from ransomware to blackmailware with criminals treating to sell personal data, or publish embarrassing information. Just because it isn't criminal doesn't mean that it can't be used against you. 
I saw two women in the full burka taking selfies in front of the tower of London. I couldn't help but wonder what the fuck the point was. 
And yet when it matters that he does something he remains silent. For the leftist, socialist upstart, he's abstained from voting against things that he should be opposing. Ultimately he's another politician who gives lip service to certain ideals to maintain his support, but actually he's quite comfortable with things the way they are. 
Sounds good, waiting for HTC to push 7 to the ten in Europe. Think it's just rolled out in the US. 
Textra has this option already, you can either reply in the notification bar, have a pop up reply box appear when you touch the notification (has the full message thread) or have the traditional launch the full app. 

If you don't already have it Textra is a great messaging app. 
That and 'professionals' who use MacBooks. If you're not a 'creative' and use it for spreadsheets etc. you don't need a MacBook. If you are 'creative' and you can do your work on a MacBook you're not a professional, and you still don't need a MacBook. 
I think you came to the wrong sub if you want mature and rational discussion on console performance vs. PC. Too many in this sub prefer the 'lol potatoes' circlejerk to an actual discussion. 
This is exactly it, I was watching a report on a town in Texas that used to have a huge steel industry. One guy genuinely believed that when Trump gets into office they're going to reopen the factories and 'call everyone back'. Like he was just gonna pick up where he left off, like it was the weekend, and he'll be earning good money for it too. 

These people are in for a real shock when surprise, surprise, American companies continue to import goods and outsource labor, while automating as much manual labor in the US as possible. Unless he actively blocks it, I expect self driving cars to become fully road legal under Trump's administration, and that'll carve a huge chunk out of the trucking sector. 
It was more like. 

Building. 
Unable to comply building a in progress. 
Unable to comply building a in progress. 
Unable to comply building a in progress. 
Unable to comply building a in progress. 
Unit rea. 
Building. 
Unable to comply building a in progress. 
Unable to comply building a in progress. 
Unable to comply building a in progress. 
Unable to comply building a in progress. 
Unit rea. 
Silos needed. 
https://youtu.be/cgDHEgnA3zg

Sums up my feelings towards this individual. 
The problem in my view is that brexit was too loosely defined, without an idea of what sort of exit deal the government would seek a simple yes/no vote was inadequate. 

We should have had a survey style vote, scoring certain categories on trade, immigration, law, contributions in and out on initiatives etc. to get an idea of what the will of the people looked like. 
He literally said '52-48 result would be unfinished business' when talking about a remain win. 

If the conservatives had actually thought about this, rather than rush a referendum they thought they'd win in order to win points, we wouldn't be in this mess. Something which was a permanent change to the nation should have been decided with an overwhelming majority. 

>But the MP for Romford 

Of course this dickhead is my MP 
It was such a shambles because the conservatives thought that a remain result was a certainty, and that the promise of an EU referendum would be an easy way to win over voters, especially from the UKIP lot. 
If only we had some kind of system to select, elect if you will, representatives who would make decisions, in a governing fashion, for the nation on our behalf. What a crazy notion. 
PSVR is designed for the PS4 and needs the additional processing unit that comes with it, I assume MS will be looking at more standard equipment that relies solely on the host hardware. I dare say that they will be trying to get standardized VR protocols and APIs so all hardware is compatible with all software, currently as I understand it rift and vive software is not cross compatible without mods/hacks. One there is a pc standard there is by default an Xbox standard but PSVR won't use the pc standard. 
It always sucks to be an early adopter, the XOne is probably one of the worst examples in recent history. 

Fact is though MS launch strategy was terrible and they needed to change direction, even with a kinect bundled with every console there was little support for it. Cross platform titles will have little to no support for it and MS doesn't have enough first party developers to create a tidal wave of exclusives. It sucks but I'm really not sure what people were expecting. 
Android users hate on Apple. Apple users look down on Android. The great circle of life. 

BT headphones are great, I get a lot of use out of mine, but sometimes they need to be charged, either because I forgot to charge them or I've used them a lot, and so I always carry a spare wired pair. And sometimes on a crowded underground train I do get interference. 

I just think the benefits of removing the headphone jack pale in comparison to the benefits of having a headphone jack. Apple are creating a solution to something that nobody thought was a problem, and it looks, plain and simply, like a cyclical profiteering move. 

Sometimes it's OK to admit that you may have made a bad move, something Apple has never been good at. Much like the iPhone 4 and its call dropping design flaw, Apple offered free cases but it was more of a 'since you moaned so much we'll do you this favour' then a 'we made a mistake and we're fixing it for you'. That humility goes a long way, just ask Microsoft after their Xbox RROD problem. 
Yeah I did connect 4 in java. My favourite hack was making it possible to beat the bot, random number generator to the rescue. 
I do enjoy Valves code. When I was at University a couple of friends and I started playing with the Half-Life 2 source code. In part of the code dealing with the physics was a comment something along the lines of 'this is a messy hack, will fix after lunch' and after the small block of code which followed was 'funny story, couldn't fix it'. 
Pussyman........ Actually doesn't sound that bad I suppose..... 
You may be putting the cart before the horse here. It could be that SafetyNet was about to implement a check for systemless xposed and Niantic used it because of this. I dare say it takes more than a few days to build these checks. 
Most banks will ask you to call the number on the back of your card and give you a reference to quote. The reference number will then route you back to agent you were speaking to. 
I use a number of quality of life mods, smartphones are expensive devices, users should be free to make them work exactly the way they want. 
And there's a lot of ignorance coming from your corner of the Internet. 
Punishing a proportion of the community for the actions of a small group is not acceptable. Having a rooted phone doesn't make you a cheater, my phone cost me a lot of money, I have a right to make it work exactly the way I want it to. 
No the PS4 PR wasn't great, they just got handed everything on a plate by Microsoft. It was just a list of all the stupid things they weren't doing. The PS4 is basically Hillary Clinton. 
Bethesda's biggest platform is the PC by far, so it's Microsoft that they want to keep on side. Upsetting Sony a little isn't going to be too big a problem for them, it's not like Sony is going to black ball them from the playstation. 

The only real risk is a reputation for being less than flattering about companies they work with. And I think in this case the comments are factual and justified, the lack of parity between xbox and playstation would leed to people claiming they'd been paid off by Microsoft. 
No the issue is it removes something, and the only replacement is proprietary, more expensive and less convenient. 

When floppy drives were removed CDs were well established, when CD drives were removed USB devices were well established. And in both cases the alternative replacements were superior. 
That's kind of the point. Apple has removed a feature and now you have to pay extra in the form of headphones or adapters which are both more expensive than any equivalent because they need to be licensed/approved by Apple, and incompatible with most other devices. All of this because of the removal of a standard feature to an Apple proprietary format. 

And it isn't just headphones that are affected, there are other peripherals such as card readers, which are used by plenty of pop up shops and street vendors, use the headphone plug. 

tl;dr A feature has been removed and replaced with a more expensive and limited alternative. 
A lot of planes in service are still based on old designs the 747 was designed in 1968/9 for example. It's had a few revisions over the years but it's still the same core design. In this period airlines have tried to get more seats into the plane. One of the ways they did this was to raise the seats slightly, this changes the position of your legs, allowing them to put the seats closer together without taking too much leg room. The window position has been moved slightly on newer designs, but boeing don't design the plane around maximum capacity. 
At this point I'm inclined to call shenanigans on the whole trump campaign. He has to be a trojan horse for the Democrats. Right? 
I'll admit I'd forgotten about the Greenland precedent, though as I understand it Greenland is more an overseas territory so it's a bit of a grey area. 

I agree whatever happens, independent or not the next twenty or so years will be shitty for Scotland and the UK. But I think that that's more of an argument for unity. I doubt the UK would be willing to negotiate brexit and a Scottish independence at the same time and brexit will take priority, so Scotland is being taken out of the EU anyway, the EU may be willing to deal with Scotland and agree some preliminary membership terms (though as I've said they are so far only willing to deal with the UK) so Scotland steps straight into the EU as it leaves the UK but that will still take a long time. Scotland is too interwoven with the UK still for independence to be quick and easy. 

I think there are arguments for both routes, but my personal feeling is that the SNP are just using this as an excuse for another referendum, and another tool to maintain their position in Scotland. There's a reason Nicola Sturgeon has let Alex Salmond take the lead in the independence rhetoric, her position is subtlety different in focusing on keeping Scotland in the EU with less talk of independence, while Salmond is going full William Wallace. The SNP is trying to play both sides here, and I don't think they truly have a plan for independence, nor did they in 2014. 
You're missing the point completely. It doesn't matter if the UK is an EU member or not. Spain and France are dealing with their own separatist movements, they need to show these movements that a newly independent state won't get special treatment, regardless of whether the UK is still in the EU a Scottish referendum would be a high profile event which both the separatist and governments in France and Spain would closely watch. 

Slovenia and the Czech Republic joined the EU through the normal process, in fact Slovenia's accession was actually extended following their civil war. So I'm not sure what parallel you're trying to draw. 
Add a server/open match list. I'm not particularly fussy about which map I play, I just don't want to play those shitty parkour maps, or public records races, or the titan mission, which seem to be the only three modes being played.
You have it the wrong way round, it's about sending a message to the separatist groups that you won't be fast tracked into the EU if you vote for independence. 

And it's not just that, in 2014 Scotland's economy was just about strong enough to survive sussesion, since then oil prices have plummeted, North Sea Oil won't be a big prop to the Scottish economy right now. Neither will the ship building industry, Scotland would lose MOD contracts to places like Wales, it'll be labelled as national security rather than a tit for tat retaliation bit it will happen. And while Scottish MPs openly oppose the Trident replacement, they all know that it is a boon to the Scottish economy. Scotland's economy is growing at a much slower rate than the rest of UK, just 4% compared to 23% for the UK as a whole. 

So, even if Scotland did get independence and a fast tracked EU membership, the outlook for Scotland is bleak. The SNP will talk about Scotland's booming cottage industries, artesian food and drink producers, but they won't support a whole economy. And the idea of becoming a business centre is, as I previously stated, unlikely when there are bigger and more established business centres that are a part of the EU already. 

After Grexit the EU cannot afford further economic instability, Scotland will be a liability it can ill afford right now. Scotland will have to stand alone and prove itself before it will be considered for membership, and I'm sorry to say, as an independent country Scotland will come up short right now. 
The assumption though is that Scotland would get EU membership, both France and Spain have said they would only negotiate with the UK government, not part of the UK, a sentiment shared by many EU politicians. So Scotland would need to become independent before negotiations with the EU would even begin. 

To further complicate matters both the French and Spanish governments have motivation in the form of independence parties and disputed territories, to block a Scottish membership fast track. 

Finally in it's current state Scotland isn't eligible for EU membership, most obviously it doesn't have a central bank. Scotland would need to not only vote for independence but complete the independence process, formalise a full government system, it's own ministry of defence, inland revenue and customs etc. though the basic framework is there for these bodies they currently do not exist. Before this process is complete the EU would not consider Scotland for membership. 

If Scotland voted for independence today it'll be coming on for 2025 before the independence process is completed and Scotland is in a position to apply for membership. By which point business looking for a new home in the EU will have found it, most likely in Ireland for firms looking for an English speaking business centre, and in Germany or France for firms not so concerned about being in an English speaking country. 
I don't think the XONE fully supports USB3 I didn't notice any significant improvements with an SSD. However I did notice the dashboard was a little smoother when I set the apps to install on the internal storage and games on the external. Not mind blowing but switching back to the dashboard and snapping apps seemed to be noticeably faster. I've since switched to a regular HDD and it still seems smoother. 
It's just not C&C as you know it, no base building, command point caps limiting unit numbers. 

It isn't a bad RTS it's a bad C&C game, it depends on what you're looking for. 
When it starts costing them sponsorship $$$ they will start caring about doping.
I don't think it'll damage your game, and you probably wouldn't get banned but as with any cheat there is always a risk, so I wouldn't say you'd never get banned. 

The real risk is the hack app itself, most require root access on Android, which if you don't know what you're doing can brick your phone. Then there's the hack app itself, most are probably fine, but you usually need to download them from shady websites. There's no guarantee that you're not downloading a malicious app. 
There are apps which allow you to hack or modify the values in a game, one of the functions of a lot of these apps is a speed hack. Which allows you to speed up or slow down the game time. 

In this case they've probably used a speed hack to run the game at a fraction of the speed, so one second of game time takes ten seconds to pass. They can then clear tsums slowly but in the game they're clearing impossibly fast and they get feaver bonuses and big chains. 
I suspect they're using speed hack to slow down the game. 
The problem is it is actually very difficult to legally pin down precisely what counts as hate speech. It's such a subjective area which is constantly changing. Is claiming that there are only two genders hate speech? Some parts of the Internet would claim so. As absurd as others would call it. 
How is this allowed? The news is supposed to be factual right? 

 I understand editorial bias happens, and certain events won't get reported if it doesn't fit the desired narrative. But this is an outright bold faced lie. 
No, like any nation with nukes the only purpose of holding them would be to prevent others from using them. The long term goal would be to get everyone to agree to total nuclear disarmament, in the interim first world nations don't all need nukes pointed at North Korea just in case. By having one united nuclear force you can reduce the number of weapons without sacrificing defence. 

They would also be deployed globally and not in a single location, with each member nation committing the same amount of resources to support the program. 
Exactly and until we see stability in these countries there is no way we can give up these deterrents. 

Though it would be good if we could all just agree to be sensible, or even nice to one another. 
I agree with your sentiment, but while we have crackpot dictators trying to develop nuclear weapons programs we need a deterrent. It's a case of damned if you do and damned if you don't, we can't disarm and hope that Iran or North Korea stop trying to build nukes on good faith, and you don't want to be reliant on the US for global nuclear security, I can't see them holding the world to ransom but it isn't impossible. On the other hand more nuclear weapons does not make the world safer or more secure either. 

I think realistically we should have a NATO like organisation, countries join and support and maintain the nuclear arsenal of the organisation, but surrender their own weapons. This way you have the deterrent, but it's not being used to protect the interests of a single nation, just to ensure that conflicts never escalate to nuclear war. 
The problem is the only way to re-sync is to force close the app, OP wants an in-app way to either restart the app or the connection to help resolve this, though a little more work on the netcode would go a long way.
I had a play around with a couple of GPS spoofer apps and took a look at the location data,and I think it's a system level issue. It appears that if the location service is receiving a mock location, or the mock location isn't terminated properly, it suppresses all genuine location data regardless of whether mock locations are disabled or not. But with mock locations disabled the location service doesn't expose the mock data either so you don't get any data. 
I've used a GPS spoofer before (possibly yours) to do some testing. I had a problem where I uninstalled the app without turning off the location spoofing, my location on google maps was stuck in the spoofed location until I reinstalled the app and turned off the spoofing service. It seems in this case the mock location stuck even without the app, if pokemon go detects mock locations this may be the cause. 
They should implement a system similar to the berry blending of earlier games, where you can combine different candies together to get a candy you want. 

There would be costs so a common candy for a pokemon would cost any five candies, rarer pokemon candies might have more requirements, like at least three different types, and a higher candy cost. You then have either a dice roll or maybe a mini game, and you get one to three candies depending on the result. 

This keeps the catching mechanic as you need to gather candy, but it gives you a little more choice in the pokemon you use. Currently most gyms near me are held by Pidgeots or Hypnos with a few Ratticates and Golbats around too, as these are the most common pokemon, and therefore the easiest to level up. 
It needs to change, I agree a team should be given opportunities to steal the kill, but not with a lucky hit which is more often than not how it ends, with both teams throwing everything at the boss at the last moment a one team getting that lucky shot regardless of how much overall or even recent damage was done by which team.

A middle ground would be a shared health bar up to a point, but the last few percent was independent for each team.
You can make the same argument about seeing the other teams score, if you know they have a significant lead would you bother. And besides you don't need to show both bars just yours. I don't see how this is less fair than a guy sniping with a BR winning the kill when the other team did 95% of the damage. 
The problem is Ingress and Pokemon go may not have the same audience. There should be some way of submitting locations for Pokemon go. 
Or in normal Warzone for the other team to score the kill. Bosses in Warzone should have independent health bars for each team. 
The problem with BLM is that they only concern themselves with white on black violence. A police officer using unjustified lethal force is a serious problem, but there are more black deaths caused by black on black violence which BLM doesn't seem to address at all. Arther Reed leader of the Stop the Killing group quite eloquently summed this up in an [interview with Channel 4 news](https://youtu.be/BEzMGjvqpkg) in the UK. Skip to about 1.50 for the specific part I mean.
For every really get game there are a load of really frustrating ones, the other day I played WZFF for a bit and after my third REALLY frustrating game I'm thinking to myself 'why am I still playing this?' and then tonight I have four really great games in a row with two wins and two losses, but the losses felt fair, it felt like it was our fault not a poorly designed round.
And when you do get a gunner the minigun is more like a pea shooter that does no damage and overheats too quickly anyway.
The trio if wardens is easy enough when they aren't spawning in the home base, behind walls of Incinerator Knights and in positions that make it very hard to bring vehicles into play. I agree with your other points, I think as far as the AI goes they're just too accurate, especially with the way weapons work for the AI, plasma pistols seem more like machine guns, other plasma weapons never overheat and the boltshot shots are too magnetic.
So I've played around 100 odd games of Warzone Firefight and chalked up eight wins, of the games I've lost I feel that a vast majority of the time it was unfair, I did not feel as though we lost due to a lack of teamwork or low skill, but that it was just down to poor balancing and design. 


And to top it all off there is a lot you can criticise Halo 5 for, but you can't say it isn't polished. Warzone Firefight just feels unpolished, it feels like they've accidentally released a beta build. Often the intro sequences glitch out in some way, the Pelicans are missing the truster effects, sound effects and music ques don't play, and Sarah Palmer's VO sounds like they've edited together other clips because they couldn't get the actor in to record more lines. I don't see how they are so bad when they've just lifted the Warzone intros wholesale, you can often still see the second set of Pelicans for the other team, and the drop pod sequence just has no impact, it doesn't feel like the hellish ride the books make drop pods out to be, and the landing just doesn't look right. There's also bugs with joining mid-game, all but one time I've joined a game mid-round my REQs are locked until I rank up or the round is over, fine or round 1 or 2 but rage inducing on round five where I'm basically gimped to level 7 loadout weapons.


I've grouped up the rest of my views together below with a few suggested fixes or changes (apologies for some small walls of text).


**Respawns**
Easily the biggest gripe of all, both the timers and the lack of location choice is terrible. The cardinal sin of game design is taking control away from the player, and both of these points break this. The timer should increase 5 seconds every two rounds and start at 5 seconds for round 1, so you're left with a 15 second timer by round 5 which is punishing enough. As far as spawn point choice goes it should be that you can chose any req station, maybe also add a mini-map so you can see enemies and objectives vs your chosen location. Also an auto-respawn toggle, with the long wait times I often zone out and don't realise I can respawn now, have a toggle that will auto-spawn you as soon as you can.


**REQs**
REQ leveling seems to be backwards, it takes forever to get to level 3 to unlock the BR etc. but from then on I seem to get to level 7-9 without even noticing, it would've been good if there had been a round per REQ level and REQs levels were capped at the corresponding level (or one round for every two levels and REQs level at two per round). But as the game is REQs need to rank up faster in the early game without significant changes to some of the round 2/3 objectives. I also think REQs should auto-refill at death for Firefight, in traditional Warzone using loadout weapons a majority of the time is fine as the BR is suitable for the PvP nature of the gameplay, but with bullet sponge AI enemies you need to pack a little more punch.


**Ammo**
This is pretty high on my list, loadout weapons should at the very least get 4x the ammo capacity and you should spawn with full ammo, REQ weapons should get 2x ammo at least. In Warzone limited ammo makes sense and there is always plenty of ammo to pick up for team and enemy players bodies, in Firefight there's no enemies who carry the BR or pistol and especially with early round kill x enemies objectives having to refill ammo breaks the flow of gameplay. I also think there should be a refill REQ which costs 1 REQ point and is a Firefight only REQ card, I understand REQ packs are a business but even Legendary weapons may as well be pea shooters against a lot of the enemy types so ammo refills should be an option, and you should get a free ammo reload for any weapons you're holding when the round ends (this doesn't count for weapons you pick up after the objective is completed though).


**Enemies**
The prometheans are still boring to fight. The magnetism of promethean weapon shots needs to be toned down, I've been hit by crawlers who seem to arc shots over obstacles with no actual line of sight. The waves of Grunts/Crawlers are too spammy, lots of fire doing more damage then an individual shot should, I get that you should be able to ignore 15 Crawlers and waltz through a wall of fire, but they do too much damage and are far too accurate. There also seems to be very little thought in terms of balancing the number of enemies and mix of types, often you'll find 5 to 10 Knights with Scattershots and Incineration Cannons in rounds 2 and 3 all spawning together, at this level 1 or 2 can be a challenge as they just eat up damage but in large groups they just bombard you with Incineration Cannons at range and oneshot you with Scattershots when you get in close. Also the infinitely respawning enemies is cheap, if this does need to continue they should spawn away from the objectives/players, so many times I've been utterly destroyed in a Scorpion because prometheans warped in all around me. Finally on enemies, none of them should regenerate health, and shield regeneration should be limited or slow, if I recall in the lore that was the main advantage of the Spartans shields over Elites was that they could regenerate even when they completely dropped.


**Objectives**
Some of the objectives seem insanely unbalanced. Apex is my most played map and the only one I haven't won a game on, usually down to the round 2/3 objectives where you have to destroy vehicles (usually Ghosts or Banshees) with level 2 REQs, this isn't impossible on it's own but they get so much additional support that it just feels unfair and often when these rounds come up on Apex now I see at least one player quit. This is a problem with the boss rounds in general, they are surrounded by too many supporting enemies who spawn frequently, and between you and the boss. Also bosses should always spawn out in the open, the three wardens in the home base spawn is just an instant lose scenario, you can't flank them, it's very difficult to bring vehicles to bear on them and even when you can it's one at a time and you can't deal with one at a time as they all have line of sight with one another. I think another issue is with boss and target enemy type rounds is that with some of the maps being huge you can lose half the round just trying to find them, they should all be marked with the arrows that you get near the end, and bosses should always have the boss markers. The five minute round time also often feels too short for some of the objectives, an issue compounded by respawn timers and locations and the REQ refill rate, I think killing bosses and target enemies should give additional time which could be scaled by the difficulty of the enemy, 1 second for Grunts, Jackals, Crawlers and Soldiers, 10 seconds for Hunters and Knights, 20 seconds for Legendary bosses and 40 seconds for Mythic bosses. Finally you should be told what the objective is before the round starts, if I've got to take out Phaetons or Banshees next round I won't want to order a Wraith, similarly if I need to defend an objective I should be able to get to it before the round starts.


**Vehicles**
It would be nice if the AI vehicles were armoured with the same paper mache as players vehicles were. This is an issue in multiplayer in general, I remember when a Warthog or Ghost on the field was a genuine threat, the chaingun on the Warthog feels underpowered and shouldn't overheat and the Ghost just doesn't seem to do much damage. Even high level REQ vehicles seem to take too much damage from small arms, if you get caught in a swarm of Crawlers in a Scorpion or Wraith it will take a significant amount of damage, between the high DPS done by the Crawlers and the poor splash damage of the Scorpion and Wraith shells. The Mantis doesn't do much better, the machine gun overheats too quickly it can barely kill two soldiers in one volley. I also think vehicles should be repaired at the end of a round, not necessarily fully repaired, but a certain percentage of damage removed based on the round.
So I've played around 100 odd games of Warzone Firefight and chalked up eight wins, of the games I lost I feel that a vast majority of the time it felt unfair, I did not feel as though we lost due to poor play, just poor balancing and design. 


On top of this, for all the criticism you can lay at Halo 5 you can't say it isn't polished, but Warzone Firefight feels unpolished, it feels like they've accidentally released a beta build. Often the intro sequences is buggy, the Pelicans are missing the truster effects, sound effects and music ques don't play, and Sarah Palmer's VO sounds like they've edited together other clips because they couldn't get the actor in to record more lines. Also all but one time I've joined a game mid-round my REQs are locked until I rank up or the round is over, fine or round 1 or 2 but rage inducing on round five where I'm basically gimped to level 7 loadout weapons.


I've grouped up the rest of my views together below with a few suggested fixes or changes (apologies for some small walls of text).


**Respawns**
Easily the biggest gripe of all, both the timers and the lack of location choice is terrible. The cardinal sin of game design is taking control away from the player, and both of these points break this. The timer should increase 5 seconds every two rounds and start at 5 seconds for round 1, so you're left with a 15 second timer by round 5 which is punishing enough. As far as spawn point choice goes it should be that you can chose any req station, maybe also add a mini-map so you can see enemies and objectives vs your chosen location. Also an auto-respawn toggle, with the long wait times I often zone out and don't realise I can respawn now, have a toggle that will auto-spawn you as soon as you can.


**REQs**
REQ leveling seems to be backwards, it takes forever to get to level 3 to unlock the BR etc. but from then on I seem to get to level 7-9 without even noticing, it would've been good if there had been a round per REQ level and REQs levels were capped at the corresponding level (or one round for every two levels and REQs level at two per round). But as the game is REQs need to rank up faster in the early game without significant changes to some of the round 2/3 objectives. I also think REQs should auto-refill at death for Firefight, in traditional Warzone using loadout weapons a majority of the time is fine as the BR is suitable for the PvP nature of the gameplay, but with bullet sponge AI enemies you need to pack a little more punch.


**Ammo**
This is pretty high on my list, loadout weapons should at the very least get 4x the ammo capacity and you should spawn with full ammo, REQ weapons should get 2x ammo at least. In Warzone limited ammo makes sense and there is always plenty of ammo to pick up for team and enemy players bodies, in Firefight there's no enemies who carry the BR or pistol and especially with early round kill x enemies objectives having to refill ammo breaks the flow of gameplay. I also think there should be a refill REQ which costs 1 REQ point and is a Firefight only REQ card, I understand REQ packs are a business but even Legendary weapons may as well be pea shooters against a lot of the enemy types so ammo refills should be an option, and you should get a free ammo reload for any weapons you're holding when the round ends (this doesn't count for weapons you pick up after the objective is completed though).


**Enemies**
The prometheans are still boring to fight. The magnetism of promethean weapon shots needs to be toned down, I've been hit by crawlers who seem to arc shots over obstacles with no actual line of sight. The waves of Grunts/Crawlers are too spammy, lots of fire doing more damage then an individual shot should, I get that you should be able to ignore 15 Crawlers and waltz through a wall of fire, but they do too much damage and are far too accurate. There also seems to be very little thought in terms of balancing the number of enemies and mix of types, often you'll find 5 to 10 Knights with Scattershots and Incineration Cannons in rounds 2 and 3 all spawning together, at this level 1 or 2 can be a challenge as they just eat up damage but in large groups they just bombard you with Incineration Cannons at range and oneshot you with Scattershots when you get in close. Also the infinitely respawning enemies is cheap, if this does need to continue they should spawn away from the objectives/players, so many times I've been utterly destroyed in a Scorpion because prometheans warped in all around me. Finally on enemies, none of them should regenerate health, and shield regeneration should be limited or slow, if I recall in the lore that was the main advantage of the Spartans shields over Elites was that they could regenerate even when they completely dropped.


**Objectives**
Some of the objectives seem insanely unbalanced. Apex is my most played map and the only one I haven't won a game on, usually down to the round 2/3 objectives where you have to destroy vehicles (usually Ghosts or Banshees) with level 2 REQs, this isn't impossible on it's own but they get so much additional support that it just feels unfair and often when these rounds come up on Apex now I see at least one player quit. This is a problem with the boss rounds in general, they are surrounded by too many supporting enemies who spawn frequently, and between you and the boss. Also bosses should always spawn out in the open, the three wardens in the home base spawn is just an instant lose scenario, you can't flank them, it's very difficult to bring vehicles to bear on them and even when you can it's one at a time and you can't deal with one at a time as they all have line of sight with one another. I think another issue is with boss and target enemy type rounds is that with some of the maps being huge you can lose half the round just trying to find them, they should all be marked with the arrows that you get near the end, and bosses should always have the boss markers. The five minute round time also often feels too short for some of the objectives, an issue compounded by respawn timers and locations and the REQ refill rate, I think killing bosses and target enemies should give additional time which could be scaled by the difficulty of the enemy, 1 second for Grunts, Jackals, Crawlers and Soldiers, 10 seconds for Hunters and Knights, 20 seconds for Legendary bosses and 40 seconds for Mythic bosses. Finally you should be told what the objective is before the round starts, if I've got to take out Phaetons or Banshees next round I won't want to order a Wraith, similarly if I need to defend an objective I should be able to get to it before the round starts.


**Vehicles**
It would be nice if the AI vehicles were armoured with the same paper mache as players vehicles were. This is an issue in multiplayer in general, I remember when a Warthog or Ghost on the field was a genuine threat, the chaingun on the Warthog feels underpowered and shouldn't overheat and the Ghost just doesn't seem to do much damage. Even high level REQ vehicles seem to take too much damage from small arms, if you get caught in a swarm of Crawlers in a Scorpion or Wraith it will take a significant amount of damage, between the high DPS done by the Crawlers and the poor splash damage of the Scorpion and Wraith shells. The Mantis doesn't do much better, the machine gun overheats too quickly it can barely kill two soldiers in one volley. I also think vehicles should be repaired at the end of a round, not necessarily fully repaired, but a certain percentage of damage removed based on the round.
No contact races are boring, but a regular race with catchup and slipstreaming on are exercises in frustration. There's no benefit to gaining any kind of lead, and the physics can be so wonky,its great for normal driving but the collision physics in races just don't work. 
As a Scott living in London, the chain of events for Scotland is incredible, and I'm kind of glad I'm away, I foresee a chain reaction of disasters on the horizon. 

After Scotland voted to remain in the UK the SNP win at the general election was clearly a knee jerk reaction, however while at the Scottish Parliament the SNP calls the shots the SNP MPs become a minority at the national level, severely limiting the influence Scotland has at the national level. This coupled with the weakening of Labour gave the Conservatives the majority and allowed them to call the referendum. 

Now the same SNP wants to call another independence referendum for Scotland, which will if it happens result in an independent Scotland. Of course the independence process will be as long if not longer than the EU process, so by the time Scotland is a sovereign nation it'll be out of the EU anyway. Then the EU membership process will need to begin, as contrary to what the SNP and their supporters seem to think membership won't be fast tracked for Scotland. Nor will Scotland become an alternative to London as an EU financial centre, banks won't set up in Scotland on the off chance of independence and an EU membership, they'll move to Germany or France if they do move. 

Ten years from now and Scotland will be ruined, left without the backing of the UK and chasing an EU membership that won't help now, and having caused further instability for itself, the UK and Europe. I sincerely hope that the UK government doesn't allow a Scottish referendum, that it has the strength to tell Scotland it chose to remain a part of the UK, and that it can't chose to leave now it didn't get what it wanted. I can understand the reasons for wanting an independent Scotland, but I can't see how it can be anything but a disaster for all concerned. 
I'm not saying it's bad, just unrealistic. And yes we could rejoin the EU, but we wouldn't get all the concessions we had, we'd have to take the euro. It would be too bitter a pill to swallow for the many of borderline remain voters and even more galvanising for leave voters. 

It's good to have the option open, but I think it's little more than a pipe dream.
The thing is that all of Scotland and most of Northern Ireland are included in the 48%, if you just count England and Wales then a much larger majority want out. 

So you have two potential problems, for one Scotland and Northern Ireland may get independence, it's not guaranteed but there will be lots of heated debate about this. The second problem is if they are denied independence then chances are they'll vote for nationalist parties, the exact same thing happened following the Scottish referendum, ironically had Scotland voted it's historic status quo there would not have been a Conservative majority. 

I don't want to leave the EU, I didn't want a referendum and I didn't want a Conservative government, but the votes have been cast on all counts and the best thing to do is look forward and make the best we can of what we have. All this looking back, looking for loopholes or ways out, it creates more instability and will do more harm than good. We as a nation have made our choice, when half of the population wanted out, rather than engage them in intelligent debate we dismissed them as nutters and racists, tried to scare monger them into voting to stay and they pushed back. We can't undo what has been done, but instead of burying our heads in the sand and blaming them as idiots, we should learn from it. 
A comment made by a single 'consultant' before the referendum had taken place. 

Sounds more like pre-vote scaremongering by the remain campaign. Exactly the shitty doom and gloom scare mongering campaign that left us with the vote to leave. 
I'm curious to know where that 60k jobs moving out of the UK came from. There were rumours of HSBC moving 1,000 jobs and another that Morgan Stanley would move 2,000 but they denied that. Even so that's still 57k short of your figure, which I can't even find in the daily mail, and they've claimed Facebook gives you cancer. 
With such a well reasoned argument I fear I must acquiesce to you sir. 
Economics. The art of explaining tomorrow, why the predictions you made yesterday didn't come true today. 
Scotland will still need to meet the membership criteria, they won't just automatically be allowed back in. Even if Scotland voted for independence today it would take years to meet the criteria, stabilise a new economy under a new central bank and complete all the articles of membership. It's not the instant get back in the EU free card people seem to be making it out to be. 
At a bare minimum Scotland would need to be a sovereign nation, with its own currency and a central bank to back it up. The EU won't make an exception for Scotland because it needs stability and strength at the moment, which a Scotland in the process of breaking away from the UK wouldn't provide. It would be more volatility being thrown into an already uncertain situation. 
That's assuming Scotland is allowed to join the EU alone. As with the last referendum Scotland doesn't meet the requirements of membership, and with the EU already unstable they simply cannot afford to risk more instability. 
It's a shame lost odyssey didn't become the franchise Microsoft wanted. 
No Sony confirmed the Neo well before E3. 
I think this was the plan all along, but Sony forced them to announce by announcing the PS4 Neo. Scorpio is going to be expensive, it's not meant to replace the standard Xbox One, it's meant to be a hyper premium model. 
The problem they have right now is that they can't over hype Scorpio right now as it will damage sales of the Xbox One/S. But if they'd kept quiet they would risk the Xbox One looking even more underpowered compared to the PS4 Neo. 

I think it's clear that the Scorpio wasn't ready for public announcement, but Sony forced their hand with the Neo. If they'd had their way Scorpio would've been an E3 2017 announcement, they would have had more meaningful specs and actual demos of the console. 
I think they're lying so as not to devalue the Xbox One S. It's still a year and a half away, they can't risk sales of the One/S dropping off while people wait for Scorpio, or decide to get the PS4K instead.

Also I think this is kinda last minute, they've been working on it for a few months (since rumours of PS4K started to circulate did it probably only start to become a serious thing rather than a what if/what could we build type scenario) and so the specs and hardware are still being worked on, until they have the exact design finalised they'll be a bit sketchy on what it will actually do.

At the very least I expect it'll play all games at a decent and consistent framerate and at minimum 1080p without upscaling.
And half of those are multiplatform. Hell FFXV even got a spot on the Xbox conference. 

Sony's conference this year was a lot like the Xbox conference last year, lots of new IP and sequel reveals with no dates, and release date reveals for a whole bunch of exclusive and cross platform games. The only new thing was VR. 
And they'll be ridiculously overpriced. Year old games still selling for $50 to $60 when boxed copies are at $25.
I think Scorpio is going to be the ultra premium model, it'll take more than a year and a half to get enough units out there to see a shift towards Scorpio exclusive titles. I think more likely after two years there will start to be generation like differences in quality between Xbox One and Scorpio, at this point Scorpio will be the primary platform but the other models will still be supported, though with less optimal performance as the focus shifts to top end graphics. Left behind but not left out. 
They've just announced a $300 slim model, and the Elite controller shows MS is willing to build premium hardware at a premium price point. This is going to be $600 easily, unless MS is willing to take a massive hit per unit to get it out there, they didn't slash the price and take the hit with the Xbox One even knowing it was the underdog, so I doubt they'd do it when they think they've played an ace. 
Has to be liberty prime. 

Democracy is non-negotiable. 
Grown up and mature discussions!? On the Internet!?............ We don't take kindly to your kind round these parts. 
To be fair a lot of the mods will be using existing game assets, or just be scripting tweaks so are relatively small. The mods with new assets will be the big ones which need more space. 
Considering we have the freemode events now as a 'community' thing, daily objectives  that get people playing specific game modes are surplus to requirements. 

Not that R* listen, the abundance of new adversary modes in spite of the fact that they're largely unpopular (even with all the double rp/cash events), is proof of that. 
Programming. 

I studied computer science, learnt C++ and java primarily. After uni I worked as a programmer for just over a year on a meagre salary with few benefits or opportunities. Around this time an old school friend mentioned the problems he was having in his team at the investment management firm he worked for, I suggested that it would be fairly trivial for a tech savy person to build something in vba to automate a lot of the manual excel work. Six months later I'm working for the company on double the salary I was on as a full time programmer, I've got to do some of the teams work, but doing it helps me build the solutions anyway. 

Six years later and I'm heading up a small team I created to build department wide tools, a lot of the teams have similar processes so having a team outside of IT to develop solutions and standardise processes with controls and checks has increased accuracy, reduced work loads, and allowed the teams in the department to focus on the value add work rather than struggle with the BAU. 

You don't have to learn programming inside out, but a little advanced vba and some technical know how will take you a long way. Conversely for programmers, learning other skills and using your computing background to supplement this can be much more lucrative than a traditional IT/programming job. 
To the un-initiated INDIRECT is witchcraft, I've reduced tasks which took hours for non excel savy people down to, open up the new data files and update one cell in the master file. 
Throw INDIRECT in there to forumlarise your array references and you can create some very flexible lookup formulas. 
Series 7: The Contenders 

Definitely gets less attention then it deserves, brilliant dark comedy satire. 
Prediction: Windows 10 stuff 

Wish: Not Windows 10 stuff
Of course it is subjective, we're talking about abject systems of beliefs and morals, they can't be objective.

The objective difference is the sanctioned behaviour of the organisations, and of course as with any organisation so of that behaviour could be considered sinister, non-religious organisations like Wal-Mart, Google, Amazon, Goldman Sachs etc. have some shady as fuck business practices. But the shady behaviour of Christianity is in line with that of most large organisations, and yes there are some sects as you say which encourage, endorse and excuse some of the worst actions, but they would do this with or without religion they're shitty people doing shitty things. 

Scientology on the other hand is in a whole other league of manipulation and sinister behaviour which comes down from it's leaders, Scientology by design is intended to fleece people for everything it can and turn them into slaves for the perpetuation of this system, Christianity is often misguided, but I do not believe it is malicious in this regard.
And most Christians recognise that the Bible is not meant to be a literal text, or an instruction manual to be followed to the letter. It is a set of scripts written decades, centuries apart that have been translated and retranslated are full of interpretation and embellishment. But which sets down a framework of narrative and principles for their beliefs.

The people who pick out single lines from the Bible to prove their argument or justify their actions are the exact shitty human beings I'm talking about, who would do that shit religion or not. And of course Atheists who like to pick out the most absurd lines from texts written centuries ago, to prove how ridiculous they are.
It happens, but again this is more down to individuals or sub-groups of the religion then the religion itself. My point is the most sinister parts of Christianity and most religions for that matter are down to people not the religion. The god hates fags lot for example are undeniably a cult, but it's not really Christianity as intended, it's people doing shitty things and holding up religion as a shield.

I'm not a fan of Christianity or religion at all, but people can do what they want as long as it doesn't harm others. And scientology falls into that group, it is harmful by design, Christianity isn't it's just become a tool for those wishing to inflict harm. Your argument seems to be Christians have done shitty things, and yes they have, but people do shitty things, and they'll do them in the name of whatever lets them get away with it.
But the despicable things Scientology does are ingrained in it's very culture. The more sinister parts of Christianity on the other hand, are mostly down to individuals using religion as a tool/veil for their own misguided beliefs and hatreds.
It may have been in Zero Hour with the stealth general. 
I'd normally do that back at my base, my goal with their base is to distract them from the fact that I'm building a command centre. And to hamper their early game whilst I build up both tech trees. 
Hijackers were awesome. Playing online against US/China I used to get a barracks up first, and train five. I'd send them over to the enemy base and get them to hijack a dozer. First thing I'd do with it is start a command centre in my base, let a worker finish it off, then I'd build barracks and defence structures in the enemy base to cause chaos.

They were always surprised when a platoon of overlord tanks popped out of one of my tunnels. At least once I got called a hacker, another time I got clean away with the dozer and kept my second base secret until they went to capture the second set of resources which I'd already cleared out. 
And they're always 'parkour' maps, which while are an interesting challenge, become tedious as soon as one person gets to the weapons, especially if they use a secret easy path / short cut. 
Only if the type of function is specified in any contract. Usually they just use the word function in the contract so they can use the same ones. 
Avoid mention that it's a wedding where possible. My brother's father in law tried to arrange a venue and was quoted a ridiculous price when he mentioned it was for a wedding, when my brother called he was quoted a third of the price for the same venue, date etc. the only difference being he said it was for a birthday. 
Idiots protest something they don't understand makes for an idiotic headline for a respectable news outlet. 
What if I told you self-righteous Atheists are just as annoying as self-righteous Christians. 
Yep same for me. Xone also. I think it was mentioned in the EG review and it's isolated to the XBox version.
Try using the D-Pad instead of the sticks, it takes a little getting used to but you get much better control especially on the more squirrelly environments like Lagoon and Valley.
Nah, jet fuel can't even melt steel beams. 
I think it'll be a little more obscure, something you might not necessarily suspect. Given they destroyed the footage etc. I doubt it would be so widely known. 
I doubt it's unknown. But given recent world events, I think the authorities would take a keen interest in people looking up highly explosive materials. 
I'm sure the amount of Internet research required to satisfy my curiosity, and find out what it is will land me on a terrorist watch list. 
In Unity in the slums in the south west of Paris I got into open combat with some of the soldiers. During the fight one of the NPC citizens shouted out 'come see the violence inherent in the system'. Only ever heard it the once, but it's a neat little nod to Monty Python and the Holy Grail. 
Not being into a popular sport or any sport is like a social leprosy. It's not like that's the only social interaction but it's definitely a gateway. I've taken to watching match of the day just so I can talk about events like a casual fan, and get passed that disappointed 'oh' that usually follows when you say you don't follow football. 
Personally I think the over abundance of lore is what damaged Halo 5s story. For the games the story is by necessity simplified, but that's hard to do well when it's based on novels worth of complex lore. 

I enjoy it, but the extended universe needs to expand rather than create the story on which the games are based. 
It will be interesting to see if they revisit the idea of selling the console on a contract, much like mobile phones, with an upgrade at every renewal. I imagine if they get the subscription price and length right, that it would be an attractive alternative to paying for hardware upfront. I wouldn't mind paying 15 to 25 percent extra over an 18 to 24 month period if I got new hardware on renewal. 
I expect what we'll end up with is more of an XBox one point two. Much like PCs the core architecture and OS will remain the same, and components like the processor, graphics chip and RAM will be upgraded. Games will then, much like PC games have graphics settings which can be configured depending on which XBox model you have. This way games can be scaled back to work with older models and scaled up on newer ones. 

At which point you basically have a PC in a straight jacket, and I'm not sure why you would not just get a PC. Especially if XBox exclusivity now extends to Windows 10. As an XBox loyalist, Microsoft are making it really hard to remain a fan. 
This never fails to put a smile on my face. 
Yeah but as they've already identified the culprit they have to press charges, in your case the culprit was unknown to you so the credit card company would pursue it. 
The difference here being he's already admitted liability by giving his son the card. It wasn't some unknown fraudster several states away, he identified what happened. His son, whom he gave his card to, used it, all be it without permission, but responsibility for this situation is with the card holder, he handed his son the card, it wasn't stolen or cloned so in the company's eyes he didn't take reasonable precautions to prevent this from happening. 

Your situation was a case of fraud where you do not know the identity of the perpetrator, your card was used in an entirely different state and to your own, and so probably appeared to be a clear case of fraud. Your credit card company would have a huge fraud team who would collate all the information about the transactions etc to the relevant authorities in the state that the transactions took place. And would work with authorities to recover their money from the fraudster. 

tl;dr This law is to protect credit card holders from fraud, not stupidity. I mean why did his teenage son need a credit card with $8000+ credit limit anyway, surely he wouldn't need more than a couple of hundred dollars at most. 
Working in a supermarket I got stopped in the wine aisle by a young couple with a child. 

'Excuse me, how do you tell the difference between red wine and white wine, it doesn't say on the bottle'
If you were to talk about this in the context of physical location and face to face conversations, people would flip their shit. Why is the Internet so different? All the people who throw out the argument of 'if you have nothing to hide' quickly change their tune when you switch the context of following and spying to the real world. 
This used to happen to me on fo4 after the dashboard update, then after a couple of weeks it stopped doing it. Only have the one profile on the console. 

I remember back on 360 a lot of games (dead rising is the only one I remember off hand) would ask which storage device to use, even if there was only one. Used to irritate me in exactly the same way. 
This is what bothered me, in their closing arguments for the Avery case they explicitly said 'only one man is responsible' obviously they're wording this to make an emotional statement and get the conviction, but it must have to be based on the facts. And then to present a completely different version of events, with no actual physical evidence, just some very questionable confessions from a scared, confused and not too bright kid is shocking. How his defense attorney couldn't just point to the Avery case and say, this version of events is different to the version that got very convicted, I do not know.
A lot of the time you have very little control over the situation, only your reaction to it. 
Smell my finger. 
Threatening someone with legal action isn't a crime, but using the threat of legal action (or paying them) to compel them to do something illegal is. It's called coercion and you'd also be charged with conspiracy to commit. And I didn't mention the mafia, the threats would be of legal action if he didn't comply. 

Ignorance isn't a defence I'm afraid, as would have come with its own DRM and EULA. And it would be very unlikely a judge would believe blizzard did not know who the rights holders are, given their interest in the software and as they are already taking legal proceedings to get the code from bossland. 

I don't get to decide how the law works, but the only previous case blizzard has won was in 2008, and was highly contested, they only really won on the grounds of copyright infringement, due to the methods the hack used. The tortious interference claim will likely not work now as there has been a number of cases since, which have set precedent for an EULA being a legally binding contract, and the scope of an EULAs control is much more limited. 
Coercion is a crime for a start, and I doubt he just handed it over, he was either paid or threatened. It would also be a defence for apoc legally speaking. 

Secondly they've received software knowingly for which they did not have a license (piracy). Since blizzard asked for it I assume that they used it some how, and bossland can show that they have suffered as a result. 

While creating these hacks is morrally dubious and a douchey thing to do, it's not illegal. Using them might be, it depends on the contents of the EULA and whether it's considered a legal contract, but that's on the people using the cheat tools, not the ones that make them. So from a legal stand point, blizzard are in the wrong, even if it's for the right reasons, and the courts ignoring this could set a dangerous precedent for modders and tool creators at large, not just cheat/hack creators. 
I enjoy free things. Entering. 
My old flat mate works as a steel erector, cranes, scaffolding, building frames, he does it. He's self employed and set himself up as a company with a few of his mates, they called it 'erection force' I lost my shit every time we got a letter or a phone call at the flat to do with his company. 
And you realise that local pd with sidearms won't stop them? But it will escalate the violence in petty crime situations. 
They might have an advantage over first responders, but an armed response unit would be called in. These would be highly trained (more so than a regular officer with a sidearm), and are then at a distinct disadvantage. 
It's unauthorised, but it could be argued that he was doing it to get in touch with the phones owner. 
I have the feeling that the story we got and the one which was originally intended were different, that the original plan was to keep the cortana reveal until Halo 6, and cast much more doubt on the Chief's motivation. The marketing for Halo 5, put the spotlight on the story much more than any other Halo marketing campaign, the fact it fell so flat in the end just doesn't gel for me. 

Firstly all of the marketing material, from hunt the truth, to the trailers played up this hero or traitor element, but the Chief was shown to be the hero we know him to be fairly early on, with clear noble intentions. I think this was changed late in the development, but the marketing angle was retained to build mystery and intrigue.

Second of all, there are so many conflicts the story can play up, fireteam osiris having to hunt down a hero, the humans and the sangheli, humans and created. We see these conflicts hinted at, but there's no pay off, like 343 knew they were there but didn't have a chance to build on them because they had to rework the rest of the story. 

There are other minor things, which can be explained away quite easily, but that also point to these changes. The reveal trailer hinted at the Chief's loss of cortana, 343 outright said she wouldn't be in Halo 5, the which team are you on campaign. So many little things. 

I think originally the main 'simple' story was hunt the Chief. The more complex 'epic' story was the what are the Guardians. With blue team hunting the Guardians, not knowing what they are (or potentially activating them), trying to capture or board one for unknown reasons. And fireteam osiris hunting the Chief, trying to stop him. With the cliffhanger being blue team escaping with a Guardian, never revealing the cortana twist. But I think MS thought there would be too much backlash at casting the Chief as the actual villain of the game, and/or keeping the Chief's motivation hidden, especially during the blue team sections just didn't work. So there were last minute rewrites to keep the Chief a hero and cast cortana as the villain. 
Nothing. Changing your profile photo on Facebook achieves nothing. The button might as well say 'click here to fulfil your social obligation'. It's a completely meaningless gesture, it won't help the people who have actually been affected by this in any way. It's only use is to appease your own ego into thinking that your token response has some material effect on the world. 
This is the danger. This is exactly what ISIS want. Dead civilian Muslims to use as recruitment material and propaganda. 

While I understand the knee jerk reactions, the hateful anti-Muslim response is exactly the type of reaction they're hoping for. Driving a wedge between Islam and the West to push more Muslims towards their 'the west will never accept Islam' message. 
She's not evil, it's a 'all for the greater good' scenario. She thinks she can bring about universal peace, using the guardians as enforcers. 

I wouldn't say she's evil though, I'd say it's a mix of rampancy and the ego she inherited from Halsey. She believes she's right and knows better than everyone else. 
I apologise for any errors, this is what I remember from the network security module I did one semester on my computing degree... 

Your router acts as a hardware firewall, when traffic hits your router it needs to know which computer on the network to pass it onto (NAT - Network Address Translation), if the router doesn't know where it is going then incoming traffic is discarded, this would cover most hacking attempts which didn't involve a virus or trojan on the target device. 

When traffic hits your router it arrives at a certain 'port', usually a computer will send a request out on this port and receive one back to the same port, combined with other identifiers like IP the router can connect the original request with the response and pass it on. This can be slow and unreliable as the router is kind of guessing a little. For normal browsing wouldn't be a huge problem just slightly longer page load times, but for gaming and streaming video it can cause lag and buffering problems. So an alternative to this is port forwarding, directing all traffic received to a certain port at a specific network address, not common anymore but you may have done this for games or xbox live about ten years ago. 

Most modern routers and net services use UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) this allows sender/receiver software to broadcast and discover one another using DHCP services, I don't fully understand the technicalities of how this works, so let's just call it witchcraft. This is where your software firewall comes in, Windows built in firewall will primarily police UPnP connections, alerting you to software trying to broadcast and allowing you to block it (this broadcast effectively bypasses the hardware firewall as UPnP itself is designed to handle the NAT piece which would normally block hacks), this will cover most hacking techniques the average net user would encounter. There are more sofosticated techniques which would get around some of this, but frankly you're not worth the hassle, unless they're specifically targeting you, and even more expensive firewall software probably wouldn't help. 

Back in the days when PCs directly connected to the Internet (dial up for instance), firewall software was essential, now with connections through home networks and routers being the norm and a built-in firewall in Windows, home/personal firewall software is a pretty small market, and the focus has shifted to most sophisticated network security for big corporate networks etc. 

tl;dr A router and windows firewall is all you'll likely need. 
Yeah and after apple put so many kindles in their stores this is a really shitty move by Amazon. Not to sell a competing product. 
Also free markets. Apple doesn't sell android phones or kindles. But people like apple and Google more then Amazon so fuck them. 

Not saying the fire TV thing isn't shit, but they don't have to sell competitors products. 
How many kindles do you see being sold in apple stores? They don't have to sell their competitors products. 
This looks like a city centre metro system. The average journey is pretty short, and the trains tend to get very busy during the morning /evening rush, seats just get in the way and take up more space. It's better to have a small number of seats for passengers making longer journeys, and keep plenty of space for standing commuters. 
Welcome to r/atheism, an often obnoxious sense of superiority is this subs main thing. 
Supply and demand arguments only work when the sector isn't monopolised by a handful of companies. 


Piracy isn't right, but it is the result of the supply not reacting to the changes of demand. The world is smaller thanks to the Internet, staggered release schedules and charging a premium in certain markets don't work as they used to. It's not a case of it being cheaper in poor countries, but of artificial premiums being added in others because that's historically been the model. 

And to follow on from your argument, people obviously aren't willing to pay the premium or they wouldn't pirate in the first place. People will pay if pricing and availability are fair in their region, take Netflix for example, people who live in countries that don't have Netflix use proxy DNS services to get it, anyone who has the technical know how to use a proxy could easily pirate anything on Netflix, but instead they pay. Make it convenient, price it fairly, and they will come. 
The UK ran out last year, but a lot of government departments have big unused blocks which they're starting to sell off. The article doesn't really make the distinction between sold and being used. 
I keep thinking this myself, but I think it might spoil his character a little. In the first season he seems like such a skilled schemer, always a few steps ahead, but as it's gone on it feels more and more like dumb luck. I think rewatching the first season this feeling would creep in more there. 
This is disappointing but hardly surprising, VHSs and DVDs used to have ads, usually for the publishers other movies or TV shows as other product adverts would quickly become outdated. But it shows how the idea was there all along. With loading screens creating breaks in the game, and most gaming PCs and consoles being connected to the net, it wouldn't surprise me if a few companies start using them as ad breaks. At best I expect all the ad boards in sports games to become dynamic, Trackmania Nations did it almost ten years ago, though that got a pass for being free. But at worst I expect to start seeing ad breaks inserted into loading screens (and potentially extending them) in the next couple of years as Web browser adblockers and ad free streaming services reduce advertisers audience numbers. 
While it's true that jailbreaking opens up iOS a little more, it's still not as flexible as stock android, and even less so if you root android. Change the stock/default launcher, lockscreen, text app, dialer, contacts app all without rooting and the entire OS with root, true you can do some of this on iOS and a little more once you jailbreak, but you shouldn't have to in the first place. I know it's openness causes some problems with malicious apps and some lower quality apps, but freedom always comes at a price and it's worth paying. 
Full disclosure. I'm not a fan of apple products, so I'm probably biased. And while I respect their ability to create a user experience through simple and stylish design, I do feel that this is often to hide that what is underneath is more limited than other offerings. 

So that out of the way I think force touch flies in the face of everything apple has strived for, with simple and intuitive interface design. This is the complete opposite and will struggle to find any practical applications, especially with the limited tactile feedback a touch screen provides. I remember how the analogue buttons on the PS2 controller never got used beyond a handful of games, because the short travel of the buttons made tactile feedback hard, and this will be worse. It's not like it's going to solve the limitations that we do have with touchscreens. Sure a drawing app might be able to make use of it, but a majority of smartphone usage is for texting and browsing the net, hardly areas where this opens up a whole world of possibilities. 
This is always the thing that gets praise in Monsters Inc. but the thing that blows my mind is during the scene near the end, where they're riding the doors through the factory. The characters move in and out of the different doors, and they lead into the kid's bedrooms like usual. But to do this there needed to be a second 3D space within the main scene, and yeah there are plenty of tricks to achieve the effect (similar to what valve did in portal) but it's done so seamlessly in a very fast and chaotic scene. It's deserves more attention then it gets. 
I've been preaching to anyone looking for antivirus software, that NOD32 is the best choice out there for what must be close to ten years now. It's been all I've needed for just as long. 
Having sex with my neighbour. And by having sex, of course I mean masterbating furiously in their living room. 
Why is the space around the sun hotter than the sun? 
I have to stop my self from saying "but you know what you don't want, list that out and it might fucking narrow it down" every time we have this conversation. 
Might be because a lot of people prefer the HL1 engine over source for comp multiplayer. I remember counterstrike 1.6 was preferred to cs source for the longest time. 
22 is old enough for CRTs and other non plasma/LCD screens......right? I can't be that old, I remember them and I'm only six years older. 
I'm a firm believer that the media industries are holding back development and creativity. But fucking Kim Dotcom, his flagrant fuck you attitude, and knowingly rubbing what he's doing in potential prosecutors faces is just going to result in the Internet moving backwards. I'm sure his spirit is in the right place, but he's a giant bullseye now for every media firm on the planet, an easy target to prove that 'the open Internet is bad'. 

He's the geek equivalent of those celebrities who jump on a cause and drown out much more knowledgeable voices with their stardom. Ultimately causing more harm than good. 
I'm pretty certain it's a 550 watt, definitely at least 500 so there's a bit of wiggle room but not much. If I recall correctly the max draw on my current hardware is around 410. 

How's the r9 for noise? I'm finding my 560 gets quite loud even after a good clean. The rest of the fans are virtually silent so getting something that doesn't make too much noise would be a plus point. 
Oh sure console limitations are a consideration, but no more so than low end PCs, the developers are looking to cast as wide a net as possible. New Vegas is a bad example imo, obsidian make great games but technical proficiency is not their strength, and sure with mods you could do that, but for others with lower end PCs it might cause instability, it might even do it on your PC to some extent. And yeah gambryo had it's quirks too, but they held onto it because developing an engine is expensive, it was likely more cost effective to patch it functionality at the cost of efficiency (new vegas). 

If you were to take GTA 5 in terms of detail and scale it up to the size OP suggested, running on current tech you wouldn't see performance differences. The additional LOD shouldn't be a problem with a bit of technical trickery, most of the performance issues are down to the near field detail, traffic and npc density, and that won't be affected by a larger overall world. Sure your near field detail wouldn't increase much, but that's going to be a trade off regardless of platform, and a world as detailed as GTA 5 but x times larger is still pretty mind blowing. 
I don't think you're a PC elitist, but I do think you're a little blinkered by the PCMR 'potato lol' thing. Consoles don't run 60fps at 4k with all the settings to max, but there's more to it than that. 

Take the minecraft example, the world size limit was purely down to save file size policies, and not technical or hardware limitations. I don't know the specifics of the file limitations, and sure the consoles might have difficulty processing larger files as is, but this would definitely be a software issue that could be resolved. And this limitation even if it is hardware related is irrelevant for a static world, the saving issue is unique to procedurally generated worlds, and won't affect the ability to stream that data. 

Now looking at skyrim, this limitation is also present on PC, and I'm sure PCMR would use this as an example of consoles holding back games, but it's simply not true. The cell design of skyrim is due to the way they choose to design the engine, and it was done because it was easier to do. Separating ambient lighting for indoors and outdoors environments is hard, hdr was a big deal, and this and similar derivative technologies go a lot of the way to helping with seamless worlds. But this is just one problem. With skyrim you have all the interactive objects, each with its own physics and persistent state (it stays where you leave it), loading and streaming this much is still a challenge, but it isn't limited to consoles. Also saving all this information, in a single seamless world, all the data has to be stored for every room and object, but using cells all you need to do is flag if the player has entered that cell or not, and only save that data once they have, this system is also why oblivion had issues with save file corruption, the save file structure wasn't big enough to store all the object state data. 

Lastly let's look at game maps, GTA 5s map was huge, Just Cause 2s map was bigger (http://imgur.com/ckdT200), there's plenty of other examples on Google if you're so inclined. And yes GTA 5s map was more detailed, and Just Cause used a lot of copy/paste, but this is more down to the abilities and resources of the respective studios. 

The technology is there to support environments as big as OP suggested, and it isn't consoles that hold that back. It is the cost of development in a game that big, especially in a world of billion dollar f2p phone games that cost relative pennies to develop, and break out indie titles that sweep up awards and gamers cash. Bigger budget games look less sustainable to accounting departments and board members, who aren't in it to make great games but great big piles of money. 
I don't think hardware is the limiting factor anymore, sure the amount of disc space is a consideration, but in the last console generation the software to stream worlds of near infinite size really developed. Minecraft is a good example, sure it's simple geometry and game systems are a nice shortcut but once you take into account the pure scale you can get to the geometry becomes trivial, and in a more detailed game would just require good LOD management. 

The real limiting factor now is pure level of effort to build, texture and script. Plus the effort of populating that map with missions, events etc. If you have a map that big you need an even bigger game to fill it. To put some perspective on it, an old uni buddy works at R* Leeds, his team did most of the scripting for the roads to make traffic work, and it took months to do, that's not even starting on pedestrian scripting, missions, random events, online missions, all the little scripted interactions between NPCs etc. It's a momentous task and it's why the credits take half an hour. 
I never said anything of the sort, the difference being one group isn't carrying the stereotype of being a criminal. The reality doesn't matter, this is what people believe and as long as that is the case racism and discrimination can hide behind this viewpoint. 
But blame falls on both sides, with the gangsta, yo hommie, hood rat attitude and culture, blacks are also perpetrating this stereotype. If you dress and act like a thug or a criminal, you will be treated like one,this isn't just black culture and that's how they are, it's an intentionally aggressive and anti social culture, much like metal/goth counter culture is meant to be a way of setting yourself apart, so is gangsta/rap culture. Perception is reality, and if you're creating a negative perception, a negative reality will follow. 
kungfuspoon US version, on when I'm not at work
Exactly this. The number of times I've seen cyclists stop at a red light, hop off their bike, walk across the pedestrian crossing and then hop back on the other side (bonus points for not even getting on the bike). The ride the wrong way down one way streets, and make turns at non-turn junctions. No road user is perfect, they all break the laws, but cyclists are the worst offenders, and even more infuriating because of their militant victim attitude. 
http://i.imgur.com/bhRKWOq.gif
It will prove that the euro can be broken, and sets a precedent for other countries if/when they get in trouble. 
A country not managing it's sovereign debt is not comparable to an unavoidable natural disaster. And general when a disaster strikes the country tries to help itself, Greece has made a mess of it's economy and it is unwilling to make the kinds of changes required to do something about it. 
The scammer crashed the back end of his car into the other guy. He'd then claim that he was rear-ended and the victim's insurance would pay for the repairs, which would likely be done by an accomplice for way over the actual cost. Might also make personal injury claims, whiplash is a very easy claim to make and often gets relatively large payouts (if a payment is made) as it can often be a life long injury. Again the medical examination would be faked, or they would try and pass off an old injury as caused by the accident. 
It's not even always that they don't work, smartphones were successful before the iPhone, they were just business devices rather than mass market tech, the hdd mp3 player had been around since the late nineties, Creative's nomad did most of what the first iPod did but it didn't have the click wheel or iTunes. 

Apple is very good at creating appealing products through style and intuitive interface design, creating a really positive user experience. It comes at the cost of user freedom and functionality a lot of the time, but it's a sustainable strategy. 
Best thing to do is try just using the below command into the javascript console (CTRL+SHIFT+J), when you get the 'you are already in a room' message click OK, then if you get the room full message click OK and refresh the page. You should now have left your old room but not be in a new one and the above script will definitely work.

>JoinGame(48271);
Anyone trying to join a room pick one a use the below script (credit to u/Aarseth ), press CTRL+SHIFT+J in chrome and paste this into the console, change the 1111 to the room number a leave it, you'll get a free spot soon enough. Jumping in room three myself to try and help boost, the trolls seem to be out in force. :(

> setInterval(function() {JoinGame(1111);$J('.newmodal').remove();}, 5000)  
Yeah if you ignore the tiny details like noble team trying to save the planet, that's all of it. 
I think it would be fair to assume that everything in Reach is canonical, except the parts about the pillar of autumn, the chief and cortana, which is fan service and artistic licence. 
I always liked the tongue in check names, my favourite was the ONI sloop from Contact Harvest. UNSC Walk of Shame 
I think for the same reason that the Didact created his army of promeathians, to eliminate, or at the very least reduce, the risk of corruption by the flood. Huragok are organic and so presumably can be inffected by the flood, while the synthetic sentinels cannot. 

Also I would presume that the Huragok are a creation and tool of the builder caste, who did approve of the shield world strategy the Didact proposed. So the Didact likely wouldn't have been provided with any Huragok for his plan. 
I think a good solution would be to weight each upvote by the amount of time played out of some target time (5 to 10 hours). So when they review the game after ten minutes of play instead of one point, it's 0.01 points, this score is fixed at the time it is received so it doesn't go up as they play, meanwhile someone who's played ten hours gets a whole point. This is capped at one point so it doesn't scale upwards, and downvotes are completely unweighted,or weighted to a lesser extent. 

This way genuinely good reviews that get lots of upvotes will still rise, reviews like these will be sunk by the higher weighting of downvotes. 
http://imgur.com/JxRnItF
Sean lock said this almost word for word 

http://imgur.com/JxRnItF
There definitely needs to be some incentivisation for people to help with setup missions. I think having it contribute to your own heist progress (if you're on that heist). There is no incentive for me to wait half hour in a lobby for the measly setup payout, I can earn double that playing criminal records on my own. 
Passwords aren't perfect but they allow for decentralised storage of security data across all your services. In theory you would have a unique password for each service. 

The first obvious alternative is two step verification, this is more secure but less convenient. There are situations where you may not have access to your phone (lost, broken, stolen etc.), this would make it harder to get access to your accounts for a time. 

The second is biometric data, this would require hardware with certain standards set to ensure compatibility, and a secure enough check, as I understand it the iPhone finger print reader can be quite easily fooled with the right skills. Also there's the issue that this is totally unique data to you, making it a master key to your life (potentially). You either have to provide this information to every service which could be hacked, or a fake site setup to gather this data, or you need a centralised verification system, but this means entrusting a company to be your passport and gatekeeper to your data. 
That's what happens, the hashes of previous passwords are kept for the last x passwords, but that will only confirm a complete match. You can't compare hashes to confirm partial matches, so users can then increment a number at the end to make the password appear different, but otherwise keep it the same. 
I think you missed my point, you can't know that 'password' and 'passwant' contain five consecutive characters that are the same once the password has been hashed, only that they're not the same. 
This implies that the passwords are being stored either as plaintext or with some reversible encryption. This to me suggests are bigger threat to security then incremental passwords. People will fined a way around it, like substitution of letters for symbols to create an otherwise similar password. 
But the only way of knowing the exact characters is to store plain text surely? A properly hashed password protection system could only tell you if the hashes match. If the password encryption can be reversed then there are much bigger threats to security then users using incremental passwords. 
My character also changed colour, randomly getting darker or lighter,all the way from milky white to the darkest black and everything in between. 
While the end result is positive, don't confuse a business decision with them actually taking a stand. They score positive PR points and the chance to avoid backlash for any company that supports this legislation, there's no such thing as a selfless act especially where big business is concerned. 

Cynical I know, and I dare say that a few of them actually mean it, but most big companies don't become big companies because they're nice and do the right thing. 
That's how Google works, create a service for free, that provides the best user experience, once it's widely used work out how to monetize it. Everything they've done has been the same. 
I came here to say this. There is no context to this at all, there's a video of me on YouTube getting one hit ko'd by a little guy. And I'm painted as the villain of the story, so to speak. 

 It's made to look like I'm using my size (quite a broad 6"3) to intimidate this guy, but he's been saying shit for the last half hour about me and my friends. So turn to confront, I don't intend to make contact at all, just use size as an implication, next thing I know I'm in an ambulance. And there's a video making me look like the bad guy. Not saying every big guy is a gentle giant, but every published video has an agenda and a bias. 
Tip for the heist leader, don't give the pilot a smaller cut because it's the 'easy' job, it's also the most boring, especially when you retry several times. Don't be greedy, any good pilot won't hang around for chump change. 
This is true but it's not the point he's making. He's saying performance/resource wise PCs have more power and are more scalable (you have graphics settings) so making the game compatible is easy, you add a small amount of code and let the user either turn down the settings or have to use a top end PC. For a console you have less power and don't build in these settings, so you either build a game that works with VR but looks shit, and without the VR has no benefit and just looks bad. Or you code a normal game, then add a second VR layer that scales back the graphics and assets to run at a reasonable frame rate. Most engines even for a console do scale so it's not as hard as he makes out but it's a lot of extra work to make all the optimisations to get the most out of the console. And you still end up with an inferior product that not many people will have the peripheral to use. 
Nice! Any chance of getting the raw files (assume PSDs) so I can customise it a little? 
PCmasterbationrace? 
I agree it's in the nature of the game for racing to be full contact, dirty and aggressive. And if it was balanced and the physics weren't so wonky it would be fun. 

But I can't help but feel it's a little imbalanced. The physics clearly are not designed with contact racing in mind. You rarely have two cars grinding and bumping until one is forced off the road or into something, it's usually just one or both cars just spinning out. It isn't fun, and the car in front is usually in an unfairly weak position. 
Halo 4 gets shat on a lot for 'running' the art design of the forerunners, but it's totally unjustified in my opinion. Sure the bloom and flare was a little excessive, but it most definitely creates the impress that the forerunners were a massively advanced civilization much better than 1 through 3. Looks stunning too. 
39) Yes of course you can install 'Net Optimizer X-Pro-Elite' on your work PC, the best high performance software is often only advertised through flashing banner ads on the seediest parts of the internet.

40) When I.T. sends round a company wide test email asking you to confirm something by reply, make sure to use 'reply all' in case somebody in the Bangalore office needs to know. 
For these companies taking the loss of accepting her lie is more cost effective and better image wise, than not and getting bad customer service rep. They'd have to spend ten times the cost of the console doing damage control on one of those retail horror story style complaints, and in the end the cost is passed on through prices and shitty warentee deals. 
Try telling that to my American (I'm English) work colleague Craig, who insists it's pronounced 'Cregg' when it's clearly pronounced 'Cray-g'. 
As I understand it Aluminum was the proposed name for the at the time theoretical element but the ium was added to keep it consistent with the rest of the periodic table. One of the few times where the English spelling actually makes more sense. 
Ubisoft has been making map clearing simulators for a few years now. 
It's a shame that recent projects have been cancelled, Generals 2 looked to be in an early working state, how could cancelling it be more cost effective than finishing it? 
Or not play them at all, why didn't they just have the vids play in game like they did with 4 and anniversary. 
Easier said than done unfortunately. Bots and intelligent automation are areas of software engineering that are seeing a lot of attention and development at the moment, there are plenty of open source projects in this area that scammers can use with a bit of know how. Making steam inaccessible to these bots without making it too inconvenient for genuine users is a tough balancing act. 

Think about DRM in games, there's plenty of instances where it's more inconvenient to use a legitimate copy, then it is a pirate one, all because of DRM. This is the same, people would stop using steam if the hoops you had to jump through got in the way of using it. 

I'm not saying they should do nothing, but I think education of users about scamming techniques should be the primary focus. Any technical solution to the bots will have to be just right, otherwise you're just trading one annoyance for another. 


>I almost feel sorry for her. She's painted herself into a corner, and there's no way she's going to get out of it without taking a lot of damage. I say almost, though, because I don't think she will ever give up her current views, no matter how much death it causes. 

Let's not forget that she's made a 'career' so to speak, promoting an idea that is actually harmful. Her own ignorance I can understand if not condone, most parents will look for a cause when their child is disabled in some way, but her course of action has gone on to cause even more damage. While she might not be responsible for putting the idea in these people's heads by being a active, vocal and famous voice for this cause it has, in their minds, given it credibility. Bottom line is she is directly responsible for any of these kids getting seriously ill from easily prevented but possibly fatal diseases. 
No. I'm pointing out that the state can take action on behalf of kids, who are too young to make informed decisions about their own future, in order to protect them from the ignorance, stupidity or neglect of those who are responsible for them. In this case the action would be having the child vaccinated, I assumed that leap of logic was self explanatory. 
At a restaurant I worked at the owner would refuse to serve people with a novels worth of allergies, he simply couldn't guarantee that they wouldn't make it into the food in a busy kitchen which relies on a lot of those ingredients. 

It's 'surprising' how many of these allergies are actually just preferences called allergies by dick customers. Not all but about two thirds would back pedal and say small traces of said ingredients wouldn't do any harm. 
But for the most part it's the anti-vaxers kids not the anti-vaxers themselves. If a parent is neglecting the well being of their child, the state can take that child away, the state can declare 'ownership' of children in the name of protecting the child. Why is this different? It's neglect of their own child and possible endangerment of others. 

I don't think holding them liable for others infection is feasible, but I do think that exemptions from vaccination should be much more restricted. 
They should just assign people to random factions at the start of the next month and limit changing to prevent one faction becoming over weight. 
Level 50
Kung Fu Spoon feel free to add me.
The problem is the physics are so wonky spinning someone out is easy and there is very little risk in doing it, a minor sideswipe or shunt can do it and there isn't much you can do. 
Grand theft auto. The original game was so sunny and happy, it made the juxtaposition of the ultra violence hilarious. And it took actual glee in the death and carnage you created. The modern grit of gta is great but I do miss the original no nonsense formula. 
I loved renegade. It was unpolished, the single player was terrible, the multi player was broken but I loved it. I lost hours of my life to that game. Flame tank rushing the guard tower, using the MLRS to shoot through the map, and bringing down helicopters with the sniper rifle. 
You can catch a cold from the cold. 

"But colds are more common in the winter months" When we stay indoors together with the windows closed and the heating on, breathing uncirculated air in close proximity to others with nice warm germ incubators. 
The problem is proving that, which even if it is the true objective of the lawsuit, is going to be hard to do, not to mention covering the legal costs of doing so. They probably have a whole load of so called valid reasons for the lawsuit, all rubbish but just enough to technically validate legal action. 
I'm surprised that anyone stil believes there is any privacy on the net from the top government agencies. It's a fairly safe assumption that if they want to get at all your online data and activity they more or less can. Even things like TOR are just great big bullseyes that scream 'monitor me' to any intelligence agency.
I imagine they (rightly) believe doing this manually without the website to identify the required layovers is a lot more effort than most people are willing to put in, a few will do it but most won't. And they underestimate how easily the concept can be replicated, or they assume the lawsuit is enough to deter copycats.

Business and the internet just don't play well together.
They probably don't expect to win should it go to court, they just expect to be able to drag the whole thing out in a costly manner that will force him to back down. The modern legal system, you don't have to be right, just able to out spend your opposition. 
There is a lot done to reduce or at least control sound and vibrations, the trains are lighter than normal overground trains, the tracks are mounted on shock absorbing fixings and some of the openings like these ones are acoustically designed to direct sounds away from housing. Also damping the vibrations is important in the tunnels where it can, over time damage the tunnel walls and also create a lot of unpleasant noise. 

Source: Uncle is an acoustic engineer often contracted by tfl
Yeah I expected fast travel to only work on the map markers, but that fact it works literally anywhere is awesome, I dropped myself right on top of most of the parts. Too bad the hidden car itself was pretty crap. 
I often find myself torn with steam, I find myself wishing that the few games that aren't on there (ME3 for instance) were on steam so I have everything in one place (I know you can add non-steam games) and all the steam functions all work etc. On the other hand if steam was the only platform I would be concerned about the abuse of this position. 

Origin is a piece of shit but at least it and other lesser services mean valve can't pull massive dick moves and gamers have no option but to take it. Consumer choice is important. That said I do want everything on steam I hate having two or three other platforms for the handful of games that need it. 
That companies (mostly film studios) can claim copyright, almost indefinitely now on works which could only have been created because the duration of copyright on the original source material was much shorter at the time. 
I get the feeling that the engine just wasn't built with takedowns in mind, that the takedown missions were added later in development and the required mechanics just weren't properly built. 
There are countless white police officers who disprove that theory unfortunately. 
I think terrorist threats count as mitigating circumstances. 
I don't think the issue is with people who can tell the difference. It's the ones who act like discerning audiophiles who actually can't, unfortunately human nature tends to mean no matter how smart they, their perception is warped by their belief, driven by brand, price tag and reviews from other 'audiophiles'. It's not limited to audio products (android vs iPhone) but it's such a subjective area it's hard to conclusively prove one argument right and one wrong. 
I was talking about this at work, and we decided it would be both hilarious and terrifying, if all the stupid things NK said were true. 
Exactly this, it doesn't even really matter that he is so blasé about the whole thing. He just doesn't seem to fathom that he has done more harm than good, and not just for the US but for all developed nations, and especially for the people who are brainwashed into joining extremist groups as a direct result of his actions. 
I agree with your sentiment absolutely, I know someone that had their life totally derailed by such an accusation, the problem is that rape is often unreported or the charges are withdrawn when faced with going to court. This just adds another level of stigma and potential issues for any genuine accuser, who is often already uncertain about pressing charges. 

Like I say I agree in principle, this kind of accusation can take years to stop causing problems for you, (the person in question was temporarily barred from coming to the school where his child was to collect him as they heard about the charges two years after being proven innocent), in practice it's much much harder to do, without treating every potential victim like a lier and possibly scare off a genuine victim. It's already in a lot of cases a hard crime to prove or disprove. 
Framing news as controversy is always the popular route, it becomes a self perpetuating story, where the original story is re-reported over and over but the controversy itself and the discussion about the controversy and the public knee jerk reaction becomes the story. It's the gift that keeps on giving for the news as they rehash the same story with no new information but frame it with 'growing controversy' and 'public outrage' headlines to keep it going. 
The TF2 community always acts like spoiled and entitled brats unfortunately. Every Christmas update the rage on SPUF that they didn't get free stuff, or a free key, because one year they did, is unbelievable. Update implies new content, there have been cosmetic only updates before, the difference is that the community hyped itself into such a state this time, that it could never meet expectations. 

Neither Valve or McVee and his team owes the TF2 community anything, the sooner it stops acting as if they do the better. The game has been supported with free content and much more of it then any other. And frankly every time there is an update, the community makes me feel ashamed to be a gamer with their shit headed entitlement. 

tl;dr Grow the fuck up 
I just felt like the story didn't build up enough, I half expected the bit where arno gets kicked out to be the beginning of the final act. I mean it was, but as a final act it was so short, I was like Oh we're ending the game already..... 
This. Both the app and initiates are fine, they just didn't work properly, though I'll admit the app missions take too long you need to be able to speed them along though not with actual money, in game currency. 
I don't mind them being on a yearly release schedule, but I wouldn't mind it being two yearly either. They're great games as they are and I don't think an extra year between would improve the end game, but it would slow do the series fatigue a little. 
Nope. Buds are currently going down in value as traders sell their buds for keys. We know that the end of the line update is due soon, and probably a Christmas event, this means people want keys to uncrate new items, the demand for keys does increase their value but this is a temporary bump in the supply/demand curve. 
What can you do with ref? It has no practical use and more ref is freely created every day. Idlers may have accelerated the process a little but ultimately it's down to people trading a useless free item for a useful item with an actual cost. 
They're both unlimited but ref has no cost. 

You get ref for free just by playing effectively and it has no real use, the only use for ref is to craft hats and you can trade for them at relatively low prices and get the hat you want instead of a random one. So you have a situation where the amount of ref is increasing with very few ways to use or get rid of it, no uses and no cost to produce. 

Keys on the other hand cost actual money so while they are also unlimited there are a lot less of them entering the economy, they also have a use as a trading currency and for uncrating. So you have an item that is useful, is desired and has a controlled supply, . 

TL;DR Ref is paper money, keys are gold, and everyone has their own personal printing press. 
Just came to say that exact thing. 
Don't you mean this one? http://youtu.be/MQBQb5KaZyU
I think compared to Florence and Venice of AC2 and Constantinople of ACR Rome is much more muted, there are beautiful areas in Rome but there's a lot more filler between them. I also found Rome the most frustrating to navigate, it lacked the fluidity especially on the rooftops that the other games have, AC3 had the same problem but much worse.

That said overall Brotherhood is still my favorite of the series, AC2 was great for sure (I view AC1 as proof of concept and AC2 as the final product) but I think gameplay wise ACB hit the nail on the head.
Deep down women are just as self interested as men, the only real difference is that men had the a physical advantage and became the more dominant gender. You rarely if ever hear feminists calling for more female garbage collectors, or plumbers, just engineers, CEOs etc. Ultimately feminists agenda is the betterment of women, and sweeping the streets isn't seen as betterment even if it is more equal. 
I'm not saying misogyny doesn't exist, just that not every slight or joke at the expense of women should be held up as an example of all that is wrong with men, and that a lot of the time there are much bigger issues. Ignoring anything else that may factor in, my straw man example for instance gets treated as "science achieves remarkable feat, social justice warriors complain about man's T-shirt" making light of the ridiculous comparison and that they can't see the bigger picture behind some minor indignation. The whole thing becomes a magnifying glass for all the negative stereotypes. 
If a t-shirt is misogynistic and undermines women then you're not saying a great deal about women, except that all it takes to undermine an entire gender is a t-shirt. 
No but a lot of people don't want 30 platforms for buying and launching games (yes I know consumer choice is good and market monopolies are bad but people want convenient). Steam for the most part has been a fantastic one stop shop and having the uplay layer between is annoying.

Personally the issues I've had are when ubi servers are down and I couldn't play a single player game I bought on steam offline because of uplay, maybe they changed this since but this was really annoying and put me off uplay for good. 
Conan O'Brien looks like he's playing himself in a Pixar movie in that gif.
I've always thought a good way to deter this behaviour is to have another reffere watch the match via the camera feeds, then he can tally up the number of dives and fake injury appeals and award the opposition a penalty for each one. 
Shrink is pretty common as thatoneguy said, another one is 'preventable loss' this usually includes loss through theft as well while Shrinkage is loss through damage or going past its sell by date. 
Especially this time around where there was no majority and we wound up with a conservative government anyway. 
While I agree in principle, the problem is the yes campaign is glossing over issues such as currency plans and playing on national pride and defiance of the English. In the last debate when it was said that Scotland could use the pound without a currency union Alex Salmond jumped on this with 'they can't stop us using the pound' ignoring the fact it would be unsecured against a central bank. This kind of rhetoric is misleading and you can't reason with facts. I'm Scottish living in London and I would love to see Scotland independent but Alex Salmond will bring nothing but ruin with his half baked strategy fueled by nothing but misty eyed optimism and national pride. 
No matter how disturbing they try to make movie monsters and sets etc this kinda thing always freaks me out more. 
No. But as it fires at the nine o'clock position it is mounted off-centre to make it easier to target and not throw the plane off balance. Also they have to place a jack under the tail when they remove the gun as it would literally tip over backwards. 
True. But it's no less aggressive then some of the ads and donation schemes you see sometimes. I've seen servers that effectively offer hacks as incentives for donations. So it's easy to see why there is anger and knee jerk aggression. 
It's a valid request but 'don't play there' is also a valid response. The reason server owners do this is because it is profitable, the minute that stops so will they. 
While this is true it is based on current figures, under the current status quo. If Scotland were to gain independence there would be a change in revenues, likely a drop as businesses leave Scotland. 

Take the financial services industry which is massive in Scotland, mostly because of the cheaper costs of operating in Scotland than London or the rest of the UK, but the industry still has the protection of the bank of England and UK regulation. If Scotland leaves the UK and does not get a currency union this protection will be gone, and Scotland will be less attractive as a place to do financial business. Many finance firms have outright said they would have to move south of the boarder, and many more are quietly looking at this possibility too. A friend of mine works for a US bank in Edinburgh and they've been looking at how feasible it is to stay and without the bank of England, the FCA and the general confidence of the market of the UK as a financial power there is not much confidence in Scotland I'm sorry to say. Regulatory concern is enough though to force finance companies out. 

The other factor is that it will simply cost more to be an independent nation. Infrastructure of government and the public sector is spread across the whole of the UK. To split from the UK Scotland will have to rebuild the parts of the infrastructure they're cutting off. Departments for pensions, tax and revenue, health etc may operate at the local and Scottish level, but they're still operating under the top level umbrella of the UK government. Scotland will have to have their own top level government and it will be more costly than their current share of this cost. 

For the record I'm a Scott living and working in London, and I do think Scotland can succeed as an independent nation, just not under Alex salmond. And if Scotland does gain independence I'm staying where I am. 
It is unlikely a publicity stunt since they're mostly all doing pretty well, and most of them would get huge incentives to do a nude scene or even just lads mag photos. This pay off has now lost its 'see it here first' value, to continue along the batman lines 'if you're good at something never do it for free'. 

Either way it's still a massive invasion of their personal lives and privacy, millions of others have personal photos on their phones and probably inadvertently online it's not like this is unique to them. And yes the celebrity photos are just more sought after I get it, but that doesn't mean it can be justified by saying it's their fault or they should or should not have done something. How is that helpful. Though I appreciate that these discussions are in general valid points that people should take serious notice of, the intent behind the message at the moment is that it's their fault how could they be so stupid. 

There are consequences of both identity theft and this personal data theft and yes some are more serious, but the point is people are actively being dicks about the former, blaming the victims and harassing them for trying to remove this stuff from the Internet. Both are crimes though, and people should act like that. 
Yep, this is no different to having your house broken into, then being blamed for having nice things. 
Yeah and if you don't want to get burgled don't have nice things. These are personal photos, stored 'securely' in personal online storage. I get it online secure is not really secure but nothing is really, if someone really wanted to break in to your house they could. If this was a member of your family or if someone had broken into their house you'd be out for blood not telling them what they should or should not have done. 
If you're wearing beats headphones I assume it's because you're a fucking idiot. 
Because it's not just something I don't believe in, an indifference to religion would more likely be an agnostic view point. I would say as an atheist I actively believe the opposite, that a god as described in religious texts does not and could not exist. 

That belief I hold is just as valid as a Christian belief, to say that I have no belief belittles that. Christians have faith I have growing and evolving evidence and research. Science has been around longer than Christianity and I believe it has bettered mankind much more than religion. 

That's why atheists get so worked up, because as a belief it is dismissed just as quickly as you would the tooth fairy. 
I'm pretty sure that it's not as fast acting as the gif makes it seem, more like a few minutes before it gets to that state which would be too late for the kind of bleed that would need that in the first place. There are dressings that do contain small amounts of similar sorts of chemicals to encourage clotting, but the dosage is pretty low to prevent clots occurring in the bloodstream which would be bad. 
Beats headphones. What a waste of money. 
She's also going to be in the second series of Utopia, a fantastic art house style thriller on channel 4 in the UK. 
Possibly something like this:
http://www.ssqq.com/archive/vinlin19.htm


I didn't choose the poo life. The poo life chose me. 
Defcon really got to me. Playing late at night with headphones on you could almost believe it was real. And the background soundtrack was creepy as fuck. I've not encountered another game that played on the psychological realism so well. 
Another issue is the assumption and reliance upon everything being done in post-production, and this isn't just VFX it's the lighting, sound everything. Studios put pressure on directors and crews to keep costs down and sound stage and especially location shooting is an easy cost to keep down because most problems can be fixed in post, this causes three main problems, the first is that there is less time to do the VFX as the shot has to be cleaned up first, the second is that there is more work for the VFX team, things that could have been done during the shoot like lighting and simple (or even some more complex) practical effects could have been done then but now they've got to do that too.

But the third and biggest problem is that in Jurassic Park, District 9 etc. the VFX team is huge they have guys on the shoot making sure they get what they need for post and they try to work in practical effects where possible to reduce the CGI needed they work with the crew from start to finish, however a lot of the time they just bring in a CGI studio to deal with the effects after the fact.

TLDR; Film crews and directors assume that everything can be done with CGI in post with no thought given to doing some of the work during shooting.
True but how often would someone say 'Speaking as a parent' when talking about diapers? More often then not it's a preface to a bullshit opinion and to dismiss out of hand any opposing opinions.

I'm not saying there is never a justified use of 'Speaking as a parent' actually means 'Speaking as an arsehole that has no regard for your opinion because having kids unlocks all of the wisdom in the universe'
"Speaking as a parent" 

Fuck off you sanctimonious cunt. Your ability to reproduce does not make your opinion any more valid. 
Valve has been bought by EA, HL3 will now be f2p with micro-transactions. 
[Karate - Unsolved](http://imgur.com/BZExFqf)

[Oceansize - Effloresce](http://imgur.com/JtsnJWM)
This. I have had this so many times, some guy lone wolfing in some corner and not collecting the cash. There needs to be a green outline around cash like there is with the bomb, even if it's an upgrade you buy. 
Surely they missed a trick with 'Bucks Bunny'....
This is the part they never show in House. 

Well Mr Kalasky the good news is you're cured, the bad news is we're going to have to bill you for having a five person team dedicated to your case, seven MRIs, fifteen x - rays, and thirty two blood tests. Plus nine or ten treatments that didn't actually work. That will be 1,750,000 dollars. 
My brother has IBS triggered by wheat/glutton and an allergy to nuts, I am most grateful for my relative digestive health.
That's usually the sign to blacklist them. If you wanna inconvenience me for opting out of this shit then I'll just leave. 
I've been working in London for little over six months and this annoys me so much, I no can't help but judge all London cyclists to be this kind of scumbag. The things that annoys me are when they jump red lights and plow through the crossing pedestrians, or mount the curb to get around red lights lights or cut through pedestrianised paths, and they always ring away at their bell like they have right of way. 

Only yesterday I saw one guy mount the curb and a cross road to ride along the pedestrian crossing and then drop back into the road on the other side, getting annoyed at pedestrians who weren't diving out of his way. 
I just realised I've always read the 'what if I told you' memes in Sisko's voice. 
How about some new ideas for games? Next generation means more than just shinier graphics, if all you want out of games is higher resolutions, framerates and poly counts then get a gaming PC. The thing that got the most applause at the PS4 conference was that you can trade in games. Really?
I just think it's a sorry state of affairs when the best feature of a new console at E3 is not having shitty DRM policies.
Amazon says they do not have prices from Sony yet for games. I assume they are making an educated guess based on PS3/360 launch game prices.
Nope. I'm about the same, other than shortly after launch when 360 games were in short supply but after a year maybe 18 months not so much. And the effort of not taking the old console out from under my TV isn't exactly a deal breaker.
It's not news that the Xbox is more expensive in the UK and the US, because EVERYTHING is.
I'm pretty sure the US price would be excluding state specific sales taxes etc. whilst the UK has the standard VAT. Correct me if I'm wrong though and I'm sure you will.
Going to go with the obvious and say the survival mode of Minecraft might be ideal. 
Depends on your definition of cool, my parents were were pretty cool. They didn't let me get away with anything I want, but they wouldn't dismiss or shut me down without a reasonable discussion. Treating your kid like a person that is maybe able to be grown up, reasonable and make decisions based on facts and common sense is pretty cool in my book. 
Looks like the most elaborate game of jenga ever. 
Shut up and take my money. 
Needs more bad metaphors. 
I love Valve's games but it's true that they are a business. It just so happens that they're better at it than EA, and as Cliffy B says they have better image control. Valve offer better value but ultimately what they're doing isn't that different to EA, and having the 'independent' image helps even though I dare say they generate more cash then EA does. 
I remember that being normal, and a sub 900 ping being some rumour that your friend would totally swear his cousin once got. The days when downloading one mp3 was a whole day affair. 
They work a little like this:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBhrpD1x8zo
Of course it isn't trustworthy, because ultimately the value of an item is subjective. Not to mention that ultimately they're intangible almost to the point of being imaginary. And like anything something is only worth what people are willing to pay for it. 

Me personally I value having all the different weapons and hats, a second bills for example to me is as valuable as a second stock rocket launcher. I'm aware the community at large values it higher but that's their opinion, I would trade a dupe for any weapon I didn't have regardless. If I could get more for my troubles I would take it but I'm not going to hold onto something that to me has no value for the sake of 0.11 ref the spreadsheet says it's worth to what I'm being offered. I would rather play the game. 
This is why I pre order online, chain Game stores are the worst part of the industry. Retailer exclusive content, the over saturated used game market, and chains of stores that are run by people with no interest in the industry. 
Source is a game engine, think of it exactly the same as a car engine. It's the core of the game, the engine can just be what renders what you see, but can include physics, sound, basic AI and the toolkit used to develop it. 

Years ago renderware by Criterion was the engine of choice, being used in Burnout, Tony Hawks, and the PS2 era GTA games to name but a few. The current engine of choice is Unreal 3 used it the Gears of War, and Mass Effect and Arkham games. Each engine has it's own quirks a characteristics, Unreal 3 is known for it's texture pop issue (though that has vastly improved) and the slightly hazy washed out/over saturated look it has. Like a car engine You can get more or less out of it depending on how it's tweaked and what additional plug ins and middleware is added. 

Source is only really used by Valve for Half Life 2, Team Fortress 2 the Left 4 Dead and Portal games, a couple of non-Valve titles have been released for it but it remains widely unlicensed, generally due to it being developed for Valves needs rather than as a widely used engine. 
Can't get enough of that DiRT 2!
Sins is excellent but expect to lose days of you life to a single game. Also be sure to look up the hot keys for speed up and slow down the game....it'll save you weeks of your life.
I would suggest. 

Laa shay'a waqui'n moutlaq bale kouloun moumkine. 

The Arabic for Nothing is true. Everything is permitted. 

Disappointment. Sincerely jaded former xBox fanboy. 
I went from this could be interesting to what the crikey fuck is that. Thanks. :-D 
I would have to recommend Defcon a nuclear themed strategy game that uses a very cold and sterile approach to global nuclear war. It gets right under your skin, the simple graphics and haunting soundtrack play up the psychological realism with a very simple interface and modern vector graphics. Nobody wins, you simply lose the least. 

Also Sins of a Solar Empire a space based RTS where you build fleets and colonise planets and galaxies. Spreading your empire across virtually infinite size universe you can zoom right in to watch ship to ship figters dog fight above planets and right out to see entire star systems and galaxies completely seamlessly, the scale is immense. 
I don't think there's a need to go one way or the other if you already have a gaming pc. Some games are much better on the PC, some are better on the console. 

I have Skyrim on pc and xbox, sometimes I want to play Skyrim with super high graphics settings, loads of mods other times I wanna kick back on the sofa. I wouldn't play Arkham City or Assassins Creed on PC but I would much rather the PC version of Team Fortress 2 and Max Payne 3. The PC also does have loads of great indie games and much more choice. 

If you're gonna choose one or the other though, go with the PC get either a nice game pad or if like me you like the 360 controller get the connection dongle. 
That's what the world needs, more Origin. 
On whether or not it'll be good. Valve have never made a game I've disliked. Episode one is their weakest titles and it's still better than most other games of that time. 

That's not to say that it can't be bad, but I have faith that valve won't disappoint. 
I remember my brother got a badly translated copy of crystal or something for some reason the word medicine was translated as dick. So get potions was hilarious, 'Stu put hyper potion in dick bag' . 
When did that happen!? 
And this is why I don't like calling myself a gamer, because when non-gamers imagine gamers that's what comes to their mind. 
I'm not saying it will make the content appear it's already there. Centralising it will just bring it to the fore, take sites like tes nexus. Unfortunately while there are great mods on there and it brings out the best in the community it also brings out the worst. 

My comment was meant to be tongue in cheek, I don't care stuff like that is about, what bothers me more is that you get a torrent of people doing the same thing. I lost count of how many varieties of dicks ended up populating my Spore universe. And every time shit like that hits the press it drags gaming back down as a stupid childish hobby for kids and immature adults. Take the hot coffee mod or the 'sex scene' in Mass Effect. The media at large still keeps gaming at arms length, treating it like a creepy sibling until the next 'no Russian' comes along. 
I'm gonna have to load up the Eurogamer time-lapse videos now. They really show off the Red Dead world at its best. 
Valve time chalks up another victim. 
Fallout is imo the better game, but it's more and RPG that has guns then it is an FPS. If you're looking for an action FPS style game with slight RPG/class elements then of the two Boarderlands is the one to go for. 
In before each game has 300 pages of distinctly phallic 'content'. 
Yeah, that's exactly how I discovered marathon. And that was my exact reaction. Followed by 'wow'. 
When did this happen!? Why was I not informed!? 
He missed the bit where you don't use any actual words just a random sort of numbers, punctuation marks and letters so nobody can ever refer to you by your gamertag on team speak. And so adding you as a friend feels like writing a small novel on the on screen keyboard. 
For me Command & Conquer still holds up, if you get over the camp acting and old CGI cut scenes. The game play is still great the graphics are passable and the music is still incredible. 
Earliest memories are of playing tape games with my dad on his acorn computer. He used to get magazines which came with free code at the back to slowly program a space invaders game, six months of patiently waiting for him to finish it, a week later he wipes it to start the next one. 

I also remember being about 8 or 9 staying over at a friends house shitting myself while we played Doom. I kept trying to peer around walls to see the monsters. Then the following day playing C&C for dos and being like 'omg this is the best thing ever'. Good times. 
Should just need to unzip it to the skyrim root folder. You then just use the skse launcher exe instead of the normal launcher to run the game. 
You need SkyUI and Skyrim Script Extender (SKSE) extract them both to the root Skyrim folder (old download NExus Mod Manager and point it to the zip file it'll do it for you).
Nope. I doubt the games would stack up to what's around in 20 years. They just wouldn't be appreciated. Try showing pong to a 15 year old, you'll get the idea.
SkyUI (require SKSE Skyrim Script Extender) is a great inventory, shop and magic menu replacement.

Lanterns of Skyrim adds Lanterns around cities and on bridges to brighten them up.

Midas Magic adds 60+ new spells to the game.


I can't say as I've seen anything like the 'online pass' system for books, I think their relative low price tends to make it less worth the effort. Though textbooks I imagine with their high price tags certainly do (I got a lot of my textbooks used) I think the book market at large is relatively safe and e-readers like the kindle are growing in popularity, since getting mine I've gone from being the only person on the train to work using one to one of many.

True, but I more meant in terms of the extras they withholder to sell as options. I know there is extra cost in producing an air conditioning unit or satnav but the same argument can be made for the DLC.

I hear it a lot in Game (uk) most often to parents buying a game for their kid who don't know or care about the impact to the games industry. To them it's an unsealed version with a slightly dog eared manual that cost £5 less.
Deus Ex. Failing that MGS or Command & Conquer. 
Exactly, I've bought albums years ago which I still listen to now. I also play songs from these albums through spotify, thus the artist is receiving additional income from me that they would otherwise have not seen if I'd ripped the album to mp3 or just listened to the cd. 
The real problem isn't services like spotify not paying much but record companies not adapting to the modern world, the Internet has vastly changed the way we consume music, albums with a handful of headline tracks and a bunch of shitty filler doesn't cut it when we can pick individual tracks. I suspect that spotify and YouTube etc. will change the music industry dramatically in the next decade with artists having more rights and control over their work. 
True enough. But books don't take millions of dollars and hundreds of people to make them. Also and more importantly, high street book stores don't sell second hand copies of new releases right next to the new copy for a fraction less. The fact a second hand industry exists isn't the problem, it's that it's so aggressively pursued by the major games retailers, the effective high street front of the games industry. 

Like I said it's a shitty tactic, retailer exclusive piss me off to no end and day one DLC is unfortunately a thing now DLC exists, that's not new. Take the car industry you can add loads of extras to a new car that are just as easily included as not since they're already accommodate them into the design whether they're there or not, sure it's a much more tangible extra than a new costume for batman but it's another example of an industry giving you an incomplete product and charging extra. 

End of the day the games industry is a business and like every other industry they want to protect their interests and profits. The aggressive strategy of major retailers to buy and sell second hand games has gotten to a point where the stores stock more used games than new. Is it any wonder the industry hits back, and unfortunately it's the consumers who get stuck in the middle. You should be able to sell your games if you are done with it or don't like it, but it should be direct to a friend or through something like ebay, people there are looking for used games anyway, while a game store will actively talk a person into buying their new game used 'you know that game is £5 cheaper used' is a line I hear a lot at the counter. 
Artists get a few pence for one play of their song on the radio to hundreds of thousands of people. The same number of people listening to that track once on spotify would generate similar income. For new unsigned artists it's a low cost method of launching and monetising their music to a global audience. Taken on it's own a single play of a song may pay peanuts, but if millions of people listen to it a few times it quickly adds up. Plus it will continue to pay over and above what would've been paid from a single or album sale with enough plays. 
Street Fighter. I never got it as a kid, I still don't get it now. I'm no good at playing it, but all my gamer friends love it. 
I'll take some of this action. Free is the best price. 
It's a shitty tactic but I can kinda see where they are coming from.

Most other media has other forms of generating revenue. Films have box office takings, product placement, merchandise, syndication on TV networks as well as DVD sales so a used movie DVD isn't their biggest concern. Music has radio royalties, licensing music for TV/Film/Adverts, concert tickets, merchandise as well as CD sales. etc.

For games the sales is the primary source of revenue, sure you've got merchandise here and there but it's nowhere near as prolific as films. The games industry simply losses more through second hand sales than most others.
Tell him 'you're going to burn in a very special level of Hell. A level they reserve for child molesters and people who don't get Portal.'
Right-click on L4D Properties. In the local game files tab click 'Verify integrity of game cache' It'll probably re-download the corrupt files. Or Delete local game content and re-download.

I remember dicking around with the Source engine code and made a 'stuff gun' that would fire random props. Unfortunately half the time it would be one of those 'ERROR' models, getting killed by a giant, bouncing explosive error was quite funny though.
I wrote my entire final year University dissertation to the Halo 3 soundtrack (I like to have music on when I write but can't have music with lyrics) it's now engraved in my memory forever. Also MGS1 & 2 have awesome music.

But all time favourite game soundtrack is the C&C series, Frank Keplaki nailed it every time. Act on Instinct is the sound of my childhood and the Hell March tracks from RA1/2/3 are epic.
If you're into music I recommend Audiosurf (already recommended) and Beat Hazard which is a twin stick shooter which sets to your music.

Spacechem is an incredibly addictive puzzle type game.

And Defcon is one of the creepiest games I've ever played, a nuclear apocalypse themed strategy game.
You're such a cynic! How could you not trust a guy who's trying to sell an as of yet widely unavailable console devkit.
Maybe it's something in your profile. It definitely never used to I remember thinking the same thing, but recently it started putting the date in for me. 
It normally does, it still gives the prompt but the date is automatically completed. 