I dunno man, people need to leave chrischan alone. They need therapy, not ridicule. 
This kid is a dollop episode in the making.
But the question is, how good are your tacos?
Another YouTuber worth checking out is RJTheBikeGuy. He does a good job covering the basics and can get experimental.
Poor Toynbee guy probably didn't notice he put his tile in the middle of the pothole.

Thanks Peduto ^^^/s
Yeah, Drop bar mtb conversions are typically custom efforts and therefore pretty rare, good luck finding a complete one used. Besides if what you can find on the market is anything like the bike I built for myself, its probably a mix of new, used and garbage components pieced together from whatever the builder could get their hands on over time. If the person who is selling the bike had any sense they'd tear it apart and sell what decent parts available piecemeal, restore the bike to its original condition if valuable, and/or scrap the rest. 
Do you often need to access the battery during the ride?
Don't forget the cost of the fork if OP wants to go rigid. 
That or a cord to a saddlebag.
I put skirts around my flatbed so it works less.
Living on the western edge of a timezone is always the greatest. You can ride until 9:30pm in the height of summer!
Hey now, I’m pooping at the moment, it’s not like I can do something else with my time besides wipe or fiddle with my phone.
Could it possibly be that Kanye goes crazy before a release because creating, producing, and releasing an album is a stressful time for him?
>artist needs the business and property owners permission to paint

So what? They granted permission *and* along with that permission they also accepted the artist's terms of perpetuity in the contract they both agreed to. Being a landowner doesn't magically grant you "take-backsies" on a legal agreement you, or even the previous owner, made with someone in the past. Besides you can't argue that the murals did not benefit the businesses and it is not like the artist's labor was free, and don't dare waste my time babbling about "exposure".

Simply put, they broke those terms in the contract, in any other situation you would not be defending someone or some organization who unlawfully broke a contract. A lawsuit and/or legal arbitration is within his rights and his only recourse; if these businesses didn't want to be sued, they should not have unlawfully broke their agreement. 

Your entire argument is bunk, would *you* enter into a contract with someone who so brazenly broke them with others in the past? Any other future artist would be wise to steer clear of such unscrupulous individuals/organizations in the future. I could never trust a business who thinks they can get away with breaking their contracts willy-nilly, so why are you holding these hacks to such a ridiculous, blatant (and possibly racist/classist) double standard? 
Stormy would be a far better president than Trump ever could be, if only for how well she can pick her lawyers.
This is backwards, the man made a contract with them. It was their fault they agreed to keep the mural there in perpetuity, and if they wanted to change the deal they should have worked that out with all parties involved as per the contract. If anything its incentive for artists (and other respectable businesses) to never work with these double-crossing businesses again. Unless for some twisted reason you believe these landowners are above the law, he is well within his rights to sue, and he absolutely should sue them because precedent and defending his rights matters more than what some gentrifying hacks think of him.
> a conversation with a dude who asked why I would believe something that makes me unhappy.

*Hey guys didn’t you hear? Trump isn’t president!!!*

One problem is when those standards become outdated as technology matures. For example, mixing 3 80 pound bags of concrete a by hand, with a hoe, is physically demanding, but pushing a button to mix 240 pounds of concrete in a mixer really isn't. By design, a lot of tools which make physical  labor easier has made a lot of those brute force advantages obsolete, however guys and the people in charge still cling to them in order to stay relevant. 


Only salt is allowed
I have a theory that for some people, being a conspiracy nut is as close to being "woke" as they can get. Despite their nonsense, they are not stupid, they can understand and recognize that world is shitty for them and for others. There is just some huge personal, ideological stumbling block that gets in the way of them fully "getting it". They *really* want to believe that they're good people, and that the foundations upon which they've built their entire world view is fair, just, and based on facts. However, in their travels, when confronted with realities like systemic racism, climate change, the earth being older than 6000 years, or whatever, they break down and do their damnedest to wish those problems away. Instead of taking responsibility for, internalizing, and trying to correct for problems like maybe they are bad people who's actions have hurt others, or that they are benefiting from the ill-gotten gains of their ancestors, or that, as it stands today, for every waking moment in our modern society we are killing all life in this planet, or that maybe a 2000 year old book written by goat herders and war lords shouldn't be taken so literally, they flatten out the whole world to make it fit with an understanding which benefits them and blame the inaccuracies on the reptilians. Instead of blaming themselves, they blame ciphers. It's much easier for them to invent a fantasy world of monsters and aliens than it is to come to terms with their failings and their privileges.

However despite how hard they believe in their fantasies, I suspect they *know* those problems are still there and they are getting worse. Which is why they are so frustrated.
And kraft cheese.
>For one thing, the stitches aren't literal.

Oh no, I get you are somewhat using metaphor, but still what industry exists that doesn't pose a serious risk of repercussions for whistle-blowers? You rat out your boss to regulators and do you really think the company won't do its damnedest, legal, grey, or otherwise, to cover its ass and crush you into oblivion? 
Avengers 1?
What fairy-tale *industry* do you work in where snitches don't have a serious risk for getting stitches? Sure, you might be in a friendly positive workplace where whistle-blowing is encouraged or protected, but somehow I doubt it's your entire industry. Hell, I bet your own workplace has skeletons hidden in  closets that are just unknown to you.
>Marvel made fun of the MO education system subtly with the whole “Missouri is on Earth you dipshit” line.

I don't know where these people are getting this read from, or are taking the bait from the user, I thought Stark was just calling Starlord a dipshit, not the entire state Missouri. It just seems obvious to me that of course Starlord is a dipshit, that's like quarter of the arc to the two Guardians movies! He's literally just Andy Dwyer with a Walkman and jet pack.
I’m [shocked!](https://giphy.com/gifs/Y8SqjWuohk8Rq/html5).
That’s material for /r/latestagecapitalism
No that’s for the guy who doesn’t even wash his pubes.
I agree Saddam was a nightmare, however the event itself was staged and inexorably tied to the infinite boondoggle that is the Iraq War.

Besides for all of Steven Foster’s faults, to my knowledge, he never killed anybody. Comparing the removal of this statue with Saddam’s it hyperbole teetering on satire.
No Kanye
A /r/CringeAnarchy user advocating for returning to oppressive social norms? I'm [shocked](https://giphy.com/gifs/Y8SqjWuohk8Rq/html5).
>Calling Bradley Manning "Chelsea" is delusional.

-[/u/jinxputmaxinspace](https://www.reddit.com/r/CringeAnarchy/comments/8fdtk4/chelsea_manning_reveals_senate_campaign_abolish/dy2oe4k/?context=1)

What could possibly give you that idea?
There's a dollop episode about it: http://thedollop.libsyn.com/287-the-caning-of-sumner
Well number of things by volume matters too, because storage space is going to be the largest initial buy-in for your hobby. 
Maybe he can buy a dongle that connects to real keyboard.
But EU memberstates all have different ways of giving out healthcare. Doesn't your coverage abroad depend on your country's healthcare system?
Hey now, visiting a US hospital would just be terrifying for your bank account.
That's the joke.


Or you know, people have an accent different from yours.
Libertarianism is a lazy ideological opiate made from the smell of your own farts. You're being purposely dense and twisting the conversation into masturbatory fever dream where somehow you are being oppressed for having responsibilities. People who don't pay their taxes owed deserve what's coming to them, it isn't theft. It isn't thuggery, its the law, its a part of the foundation of the society through which you benefit. If you're so deluded and self absorbed into believing you don't owe society anything, there is really nothing I can say to convince you otherwise, but you'll pay your taxes. I really do not give a shit about how much your dumb ass thinks its an injustice, because I'll be paying too. So will and should everyone else who can.
Yup, pay up. Freedom isn't free.
Wow, you really are dense. Taxation isn’t theft you brick.
I’m threatening you? Do you understand how taxes work or a you being purposely dense?

You don’t pay you get fined by the government, if you somehow owe a lot you go to prison. Your taxes pay for services, infrastructure, and protections given back to you and society, if you have a problem with then you can move to a libertarian paradise like Somalia.
Lol that’s not how this works. Pay up or you can join Al Capone.
You next
Fine with me ;)
Less hair too
>are grossly under-assessed because values have skyrocketed

So lets have the county reassess the houses, adjust the taxes according to the new assessments and the current rate, and then use the added revenue to fix up the public schools, bridges, public transit, etc. 
Stop deflecting. Did I ever say corporations shouldn't pay taxes? No, in fact, I rail against Amazon too, and often. To be clear, of course these big companies should be taxed, and taxed much more than they are being right now. So your points are irrelevant because I already agreed with you on that part, you're just kicking a straw man.

All I said was that you and I should pay our taxes too, and arguments for lowing taxes for the "middle class" are usually red herrings for weaseling in measures to eliminate corporate taxes entirely. 

If your house's actual market value is greater than the amount you're being taxed for, you're robbing the city of needed revenue much like UPMC or Walunt Capital are. Of course, you personally not paying a fairer share on your house is several orders of magnitude less of a problem than UPMC getting a free ride, but lets not be hypocritical in our sanctimony. Besides the small bits do add up too. 
Oh I totally agree that we should tax corporations, I just also believe that we shouldn't let property owners off the hook either. Besides if you want to tax corporations you're also going to have to explain why taxes are good. Its in those corporations best interest to convince people that *their* money being wasted and should be returned back to them, because its then easier to follow up with "why should our corporate money be wasted too?"

I fundamentally reject that taxes are money wasted in the government. Of course you need fiduciary responsibility, but the most responsible person in the world can not build a bridge with no money. 
> Yet the people at FOX buy into all of it.

You got it backwards fam, the people at Fox buy into the promised Racism, christian theocracy, war mongering, and tax cuts, all of which have been the foundation of the modern republican party since the civil rights act. Trump is merely the vessel through which the Republican's worst dreams can manifest, so they tolerate his musings only because they haven't yet gotten in the way of their true goals.


>Assessments on all property should go up, and the tax ~~rate~~ revenue goes ~~down~~ up.

To hell with this selfish libertarian nonsense. Its our civic responsibility to pay taxes; bridges need to be replaced, schools need textbooks, city and state employees need to be paid, people need help. Raise taxes. 
How wide are your residential roads? Car-first designed cities and suburbs will build their cul de sacs to highway standards, and driver's brains will miscalculate into thinking they can go faster. 
Mopeds pay a gas tax, you can't tax electricity in the same way. If they wanted revenue they'd have to register e-bikes and charge a flat tax. Personally, I don't have a problem with paying taxes, but the reality of the situation is that the pro-driver legislature would probably pass a tax completely disproportionate to the cost and impact of an e-bike to the roads and environment, relative to mopeds/motorcycles/cars. 
The relevance is debatable, but don't lie; you're plugging your sub because nobody is going to it.
Nice sub plug, mod of the sub you just plugged.
I get your sentiment but the toppling of the Saddam statue isn't really an event to aspire to...
[MY BRAND](https://i.imgur.com/88hAVrb.gif)
Statues of people are memorials, not a museum you silly billy. If you want to learn about Steven Foster, the library is right next door. 

Nobody today wants to memorialize and exalt a white guy for plagiarizing the works of an oppressed people.
You're not clever and you've never faced a hardship or challenge. 

Everything you've ever accomplished was only successful because it was given to you. Which is why you believe doing nothing is the best way to facilitate change, because doing nothing has worked out so well for you so far. 
With the midterms coming, I'm worried that "Enlightened Centrism" is coming back into vogue. So many "enlightened" losers with nothing to lose proudly saying they don't believe in the two party system so they bravely didn't vote and/or are *still* bitching about the 2016 primary.

I have about zero patience for those people, they're either children, trolls, or really stupid. 
That's good for you! Because all that matters is *you*! Like I said, you're a privileged asshole who, by you're own admission, gets to run away from the consequences of your mistakes. *Viva la Ecuador!* You're apathy and frustration comes from the fact that you're disappointed the world doesn't revolve around you, so you bravely run away. 

Your opinion is worthless.
That’s stupid, there is no guarantee of that. Things can get worse before they get worse. Things can get better before they get better.  Burning down the house is not an easy way to stay warm in the winter.
You are a privileged and stupid asshole.

Luckily for you, you probably won’t get shot by the police for holding a cell phone in your backyard. Insurance will probably pay for your viagra. Hope you don’t come down with a terminal illness!
And braking
Don’t forget the Vaporwave.
Sorry, I meant to say population.
> It's ok for your party to accept Russian money and support...which you know is all oil money right? If you care so much about the environment you need to stop being a hypocrite

This guy is too small potatoes for that particular criticism to really be relevant, unless you have some juicy evidence that petro-companies are somehow laundering money into Green's do spoil state-house elections.
>People on both ends of the spectrum need to chill the fuck out and let people enjoy what little sunny days we have in Pittsburgh without the constant barrage of political rhetoric. 

Oh geez how dare somebody protest a petro-chemical company *on earth day*! How dare they have beliefs and convictions incongruous with bland politics! Won't someone think your kids ignorance!

Far be it from me to defend the greens, but it sounds like you really do not understand what a protest is for. 
Wow, is this satire? Imagine being this dumb.
You know that bridges are supposed to be painted right? It prevents further rust and is an important part of their upkeep.
Don't be silly, he just gets to keep his job after the layoffs.
Systemic racism against Asians did not share the same tactics as systemic racism against Black Americans.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_Act_of_1924

Asian Immigration was suppressed by the federal and state governments for almost 80 years, so ~~your sample size~~ the population was already deflated.
Do you even understand how averages and the median works? I never said "poor" white people don't exist. As a *group*, whites are undeniably wealthier than POC. Its easier for them to get a job, a loans, and financial security, which are prerequisites to start investing.
Lovett is Spencer, Spencer is Lovett
Could be the lighting or the color balance in the camera.
On [average and considering the median](https://www.epi.org/blog/the-racial-wealth-gap-how-african-americans-have-been-shortchanged-out-of-the-materials-to-build-wealth/), white people are far wealthier than people of color; not even considering race, money talks. However, considering the history of race relations in America and the West, in general Politicians and Law enforcement care *far less* about the injustices committed by society against poc than they do about small misdemeanors committed against whites.

To ignore the issue of Race in economic inequality is to ignore the gas feeding the house fire.
Sometimes? No, often.
You can blame the aquarium for not having railings around the shark tank, but that does not absolve the people who pushed the guy in.
Chief Golf Buddy
Siri, what is *insider trading*?
Because securities fraud can directly impact the wallets of rich white people.

We can’t have that!
Front passenger side wheel too, if that car is FWD, it’s quite literally the worst place for a donut.
>when the violent ones are dealt with, it will just continue to crater their public opinion, recruiting will be come harder.

Insurgencies don't work that way. First of all, they have the home field advantage, and while the majority of Trump supporters won't be violent, they will be *sympathetic*. They could easily obstruct investigations to find the red-hat insurgents. Besides, they can hide in plain sight, being a violent trump supporter isn't something you can easily sort out and unexpected. Every violent person involved could be respected members of the community, family, or church, they'd have more local influence than any investigators flown in to find them. If they're "dealt with" poorly and without due process, they will be martyred as "further casualties of an unjust and distant federal government asserting its tyranny over "true Americans"^TM". Any collateral damage will be used as a rallying cry to bring more noncombatants into their cause. Hell, they might even preemptively strike on their own so as to falsely blame the feds hunting them. 
Stormy Daniel's case is asking for crowd-funding [help.](https://www.crowdjustice.com/case/stormy/)
I believe that's called Polonium poisoning. 
Yeah and president Agnew really mucked things up after Nixon, no wait, he resigned over crimes too. 

Whether or not Pence is clean of Trump's shit doesn't really matter, any republican who picks up the pieces of the trump administration will be reviled. 
I dunno, I think he's overstretching the hyperbole with the pre-schoolers bit. Its more like:

>Don't get me wrong, he's bringing his A-game. But it's like the Globetrotters facing off against ~~pre-schoolers~~ over weight braggard neck-beards. Technically basketball is happening, but....dear God, it's not even remotely fair.
Easy bake ovens aren’t allowed in the dorms!? :P
Homeowners insurance? What’s the value of the house?

So far you’re only $200/mo more than my rent... with insurance it’s probably ~$300.

But you keep the equity tho.
It’s the usual suspects of the audio world. Crooked Media might do a good job jazzing up the ads but I still skip most of them, heard one Casper/Harry’s/Stamps ad, heard them all.
Why not lace the center bar through the V-brake? It should be over the rim so I can’t see how it would get in the way. That’s how [I did it](https://imgur.com/a/5Ytpx3T), and I’m using cantis, full size Vs should have plenty of space.
I use the [Origin8 classique](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00B135SSE/). Fits just fine on a 26' fork, however you are going to need to change your front wheel from a quick-release to a threaded rod. Which might be too much of a PITA for touring.
Have you tuned up the bike by yourself before? Things like change the cables, set your derailleurs, and check the wheel for true? If you can handle that you can do the rest easily. Honestly getting the fine adjustments right is the hard part, the rest of the nuts and bolts stuff comes together like Lego. 
Oh geez, if you think that's bad you should see mine.

If they clip in and clip out, you have nothing to worry about.
Yeah, American universities have been riding on the coattails of pro-academic goodwill, but they're mostly non-profits in name only. Almost every decision made can be boiled down not for academic or campus health reasons but because they made a big deal with a corporate distributor.

"These 'Outdoor Adventure' trips cost trust fund money to set up dammit, we can't have the plebs doing their own thing for less! Cabela's won't get their cut!"
If you're not planning on going off road, I suggest getting a rigid hybrid like [this](https://www.performancebike.com/shop/bikes-frames/road-bikes/commuter-bikes/fuji-absolute-21-flat-bar-road-bike-2018-31-8561). If your average car can handle the roads you ride on, a bike like that should be able to handle it too. Maybe ask the bike shop about bigger tires if you want a smoother ride.
>hybrid with front suspension

Assuming they're looking for a cushy ride, so long as op doesn't over inflate their tires, a front suspension on a hybrid is completely redundant. Even on a beat up road surface, anything from 700x32c-42c should be more than enough. Without lockout, they'll just be trampolining up the pavement, and locked out often or tuned to avoid bouncing, the suspension is really just gimmicky dead weight.

A fully rigid [hybrid](https://www.performancebike.com/shop/bikes-frames/road-bikes/commuter-bikes/fuji-absolute-21-flat-bar-road-bike-2018-31-8561) will be comparably cheaper, lighter, faster, and easier to maintain, even for a novice. 
Don't be ridiculous, nobody died in the entire 98 year history of that club! 

Besides, deaths from injuries like what, rolling an ankle? In the northeastern US, the risks of death aren't great, especially in a large group watching over each other. There was hardly any chance of someone, even a newbie to do something stupid. Every outing was strictly without alcohol, and they were already required to have 2 people with CPR/AED certification and 1 person with Wilderness First Aid. Certifications, which by the way cost PSU nothing and was paid for by the members out of pocket. Hell, on game days, it was probably safer for students to be with the Outing club than it was to be on campus itself!
 

In contrast with other sports, like say for example Football, which have constant injuries built into the system of game, the idea of a mere walk in the woods being too unsafe for a university is incredibly galling. 
Easier said than done. As an independent group they can not meet on campus or use campus facilities to organize. Who has liability? What about transportation?
Oh and don't forget the riots to defend the legacy of a man who abided and hid a known child rapist.
Its a complete load of bullshit. If you are already the kind of person willing to go outdoors, the idea of spotty cell phone service shouldn't slow you down. If was realy that big of a deal, the uni could have alerted the club a head of time, maybe giving option for the club to raise funds or grants to be complaint with their "safety ~~double~~ standards".

It sounds to me like Penn State was just looking for excuses to shut down a beloved student run org who was competing with their more expensive offering. Its all about money and power.
Football, of course, is still an acceptable risk. 

Oh wait, the plot thickens:

>Although the university operated Outdoor Adventures program runs trips to similar remote locations, Ms. Powers said the program’s staff and student leaders are better trained and more experienced.

>The Outdoor Adventures trips also cost more. And that’s not a small thing for students, Mr. Waltz said.

>The Outing Club collects a $20 dues payment at the beginning of a semester and then charges $5 to $10 for trips. Counting gear, food and gasoline, each participant would typically pay $25 per trip.

>The cost of Outdoor Adventure trips bumped up from between $30 and $60 last year, to between $90 and $130 this year, Mr. Waltz said, and appeal to different participants.

This sounds fucky to me. 
OMG, I know *right*? :P
If anyone is stumped, here's an [explanation](https://www.merriam-webster.com/help/faq-third-common-gry-word) to the silly riddle.
Thanks for the response. But you didn't answer my last question, what benefits does the Dewey Decimal System offer which keep it from being rendered obsolete by modern database technology?

I'd hazard a guess that it is still useful for organizing the physical books and both approaches are used together. Making it easier for librarians on the back end to sort the books in their stacks, while a web search makes it easier for patrons to find the books they need on the front end.
>you legit just need a guitar and a garage

I'll have you know that *my* favorite punk band practiced under a bridge and their first drum-kit was made out of garbage cans stolen from the HOA. 
Republican primary for the first district of Wisconsin 2018 [colorized](https://therealsasha.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/futurama-politics.jpg).
If I may ask, what is so great about the Dewey Decimal System? How does it compare to other cataloging systems? What benefits keep it from being rendered obsolete?
> Yea, that was a terrible thing to have....

Yeah who needs to *breathe*?
*We asked almost 400 Tech bros in bakery square*
I find that saying “on your left” confuses some people. I yell “behind you” from about 50 feet alway, they turn around, see me and figure themselves out by the time I pass them.
/r/threadkillers 
Thurderf00t is very much anti-feminist and wrapped around the axle of the gamergate nonsense. 
/r/retropi

All you need is a raspberry Pi and some other stuff, assuming that you already own a TV, it is only about $60 to get started.

There are emulators compatible with full size computers as well, and they absolutely do not require any substantial hardware. If your computer can run a modern web browser with a dozen tabs, you can run super Mario brothers.
/r/raspberry_pi is literally chock full of these diy projects. 
Not only it could be that, but don't forget, not every atheist has the same religious background. I suspect that much of the toxic discourse and bad argumentation is inherited from the religion the person left behind. If a person was raised in an American Evangelical "fire and brimstone" and "god hates F*gs" background, they'll bring that into their approach to Atheism, for the first few years at least until they grow and self-reflect.
I wonder if the biggest failure of Atheism is the ~~disillusion~~ dissolution (E: I initially wrong word, but both can work in their own way I guess) of the fellowship and community that results from abandoning the religion one is raised with. A lot of prominent atheist literature is seemingly "libertarian", for lack of a better word, and does nothing to build up the emotional support lost after losing your religion. A stereotypical closeted young atheist has no one to turn to for secular guidance and emotional support, to humble and ground them, making the unmooring of their value system worse. 
Richard Dawkins purports many islamophobic opinions from time to time.

Bill Mayer tells \#Metoo to shut up.

Thunderfoot was and still is a loud voice in gamergate.

Transphobia is a common problem in the /r/Atheism comments section. 

I can go on, there are a lot of problems with the internet Atheist community. To say these problems are unique to Atheists is slanderous bullshit, Secular Humanism can easily be just as "moral" as liberal Christianity, but to say that Atheism is somehow immune from components of alt-right ideology is equally dangerous flowery nonsense. Usually the problems start like how they start anywhere else, the moderation is more libertarian in accepted discourse and the angriest and loudest turds in the punchbowl take advantage of that. Communities which take a strong position against hate speech tend to stay more positive. 

Did they really say that? Holy shit, what an ignorant ass. Yes there is a turd problem within the online community, but irl, for every turd I've encountered there are at least a half dozen normal people with progressive values. Its a concern, but to say most are turning is over selling it.
/r/botsrights!
What a roller coaster 
First [post](https://i.imgur.com/JRQnjo9.jpg) plz be gentle
Do you feel the same way about the alt-right?
>but not evil.

Sure, not evil in the same way republicans are not racist. :P

The concept of capital-h Hell has been used time and time again as a convenient tool to dehumanize non-"Christians" of any stripe. A strategy which easily leads to the justification of oppression, crimes, and genocide against the out-group "destined for Hell". Sure, a person who sincerely believes in a Hell may not be pure evil, but their beliefs put them adjacent to that evil. If they're not careful they might get carried away into some evil shit. You can hardly blame someone in that underprivileged group from calling the privileged group out on it.

>they have likely never critically examined seems rash

Somehow I doubt that someone who commits themselves to paganism has examined the christian bible any less than the average christian. Besides, its hardly rash from a pagan perspective, the bible is rife with anti-pegan hate speech. Don't you forget the good ol' catholic and protestant churches never had a problem with a few murders and the occasional genocide of pagans during the bad old days. 
I'd love to see /u/mrpennywhistle take on the physics wonder that is the Unrideable Bricycle. 
For short rides that are less than 2 hours, I really don't want or need anything to listen to, besides there is plenty of things to keep me focused within the city limits. 

For longer rides on lonely roads and rail-trails in the countryside, I have a [little waterproof Bluetooth speaker](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B011W7HTSK/) with which I listen to podcasts and audiobooks. I don't use it often but after a certain point, I would like something to break the sonic-monotony. 
Bernie voters also voted for Stein and Harambe (the write-in category, but calling out grown adults for voting for Harambe in an extremely important election is more fun). 

So I guess its great that dissenting *post-primary* bernie bros didn't directly vote for an orange nazi, but if you actually understand math, you will notice that it makes little difference. You just voted for Trump by proxy, good job.
Arguing politics in srd? True madness.
Liar. Enough of them are, I see them floating around on the time in many different subs.
Still tho, 12% is wayyyyy too many. Those, including the damn green and Harambe voters, are the people I'm talking about. Not even Bernie or his supporters leading into the primary, but the ones who were somehow still sour about the fucking results of the primary into the fall of 2016 up until today. People dumb enough to believe that letting clowns like Jeff Sessions become AG and Scalia 2.0 onto the Supreme Court bench would not harm or completely destroy the issues they believed in and that Bernie stood for.

They irresponsibly, stupidly, and childishly voted in November against their own supposed beliefs, interests and morals *out of spite*. Such intellectual dishonestly and ignorance is practically unforgivable, and makes me question their motives for supporting a progressive candidate in the first place. ^^^*cough* ^^^**sexism** ^^^*cough*

It is bewildering, how were you surprised that Bernie lost? He never had a chance! He wasn't supposed to have a chance! His primary goal in that election wasn't to become president, but to shift the discourse to the left. In some ways he failed, tremendously, but in others you can say he's made a positive impact, judging by the senators who are now abstaining from corporate campaign contributions, for example.

But if you want to support progressive causes, grow up a little, and put in some real work into changing institutions for the better, instead of shitposting online.
The drama is always in the comments.
No no, since democrats refuse to elect candidates who want to seize the memes of production, we have to let the Nazi's win! Take that liberals!
The conservatives are in trouble, so they're revving up the good ol' dis-info bots and bringing out the bad faith trolls again for the 2018 election. 
I believe it, there are potholes in this town deep enough to swallow whole hand carts.
Snarky? Wow, if you think that is too snarky, you must not comment on the internet too often. Especially with people who disagree with you. That’s okay, you just keep your head in the sand and continue pretending that the world can sustain this level of ~~abuse~~ “growth” with no consequences forever. ;)
>Intellectual property does not require natural resources. Most wealth is intellectual property.

Oh heavens I just stole your intellectual property. I can do it again too:

>Intellectual property does not require natural resources. Most wealth is intellectual property.

Have you forgotten about music, literature, film, and software piracy? Its still going on, and thanks to 3D printing it'll only be a matter of time for hardware piracy to exist as well. 

To have wealth is to have something in which we agree has value. Something that can be so easily copied in today's day and age doesn't seem like something to hold much value to me. This will only get worse as technology marches on, not really the ideological horse to bet your future on.

>Intellectual property does not require natural resources. Most wealth is intellectual property.

oops I stole your wealth again. 

What is the value in a song, sonnet, newspaper, computer operating system, carbon fiber weave technique for a racing bicycle frame, the chemical formula for a life saving drug, or what-ever when I can copy the information ad-infinitium, forever, for literally free? You could make the argument the value is in supporting the creators of such things so that they will continue to work on the things you like, and if they do a better job, more people will like them and they'll be rewarded with more wealth, but that's what Patreon is for.

Also, going by this definition of productivity, "the effectiveness of productive effort, especially in industry, as measured in terms of the rate of output per unit of input." I think I'm right here. As the ratio of output per unit of input approaches the infinite, the producer is essentially a *god*. He is doing alchemy, for one pound of coal, with only the mere thought and the power of his own will, he has one pound of diamond. I ask again, what use does a god have for any workers, let alone more? 

>  Wealth is not finite, 

Yeah, but the planet's resources are finite. Infinite wealth means little if it is just number in a database and cannot correspond to something proportionally tangible. If we're still stuck on earth, it's all just a fantasy. 

>productivity can always increase.

In the context of employment, this defeats your whole damn argument! By definition, as the productivity per worker approaches the maximum, the need for employees approaches the bare minimum. If your employees are already working to a supernatural efficiency to satisfy all possible demand, what need does the employer have for more employees? 

Hell, if you wanted to have fun with it, as productivity approaches the infinite, the need for an employee, or even a machine, approaches 0. At that point the employer can produce through the power of their own will at infinite efficiency, basically an omnipotent god. What use does a god need for employees?
There is no doubt in my mind that the employees at Amazon, and other warehouses, must unionize, but don't blame the victim here. Ethically and morally, this is purely Amazon's fault. Customer's complicity in the worker's plight, on the other hand, depends entirely upon how ignorant they are and whether they are want to stand in the way of those workers collective bargaining rights in the name of Bezos' profits and "low prices". 
Hey kiddos, there is a way to pirate today's pdf version of the print edition of the PG. If you are still a web subscriber the PG, you might notice you get daily emails for the morning edition of the PG. In those emails you have several links, the green one goes to a web based [pdf viewer](http://pge.libercus.net/pf3/?), but the second one is the "download a pdf" link. Looking at that second link you see something like this:

    http://pge.post-gazette.com/.fullpdfs/YYYY/MM/YYYYMMDD.pdf?clearcache=1

All you need to do is fill in that url with today's date, for example, 04/18/2018. The PG website is trash, but unsurprisingly, the entire PG web infrastructure is trash too. They do nothing to stop anyone from downloading these pdfs. Hell you can write a script that can post the entire PG to imgur daily, until they shut it down. 
Right click to view page source, the actual text of the article should still be there about 2/3^rds of the way down in the code.

E: doing quick Ctrl-f of the word "articles" should bring up the details easy-peasy. 
thatsthejoke.jpg
Not everybody is exclusively into boring hetro-normative vanilla PG-13 sex between two moderately attractive white people in the missionary position. 
But the group doesn't have to respond to his "challenge", if you both know the way, you all will catch up to the same place. 
Do kids really know what a joystick is anymore or is just the same thing as what the "save icon" is for them?
You might be surprised; people, families, and cultures are different and can vary across time. Mourners wanting to associate celebration and fun with a passed loved one's memory is far from an exotic goal and pretty normal. Simply put, a person's funeral doesn't have to be as miserable as you. 


Save the url into an encrypted text file?
I would rather not have cookies or form data saved from porn websites.
Just ride out to the meeting spot for extra miles, problem solved. :P
Eh, let him burn himself out, he probably isn't out there to impress you, but rather to challenge himself.
15 - I work late and sleep in.
12a. You are faster than the friends who want to ride with you, but slower than the friends you want to ride with.
Here's a link to the article mentioned in this morning's pod: https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/michael-cohen-and-the-end-stage-of-the-trump-presidency
A little Krampus.
[Emerald view park](https://mwcdc.org/hikes/) isn't too bad if you want to go somewhere less than a bus ride away.
What are the odds it was non-consensual?
>it’s a suicide lane 

Never heard of it being phrased that way before.
The real drama is always in the comments.
Does the heater part still work?
This is why they need unions. The only way for employees to work at a safe and reasonable pace without being reprimanded, is to either ask management to hire more people or expect less package turnover and therefore get less precious profit, or take those provisions back for themselves through collective bargaining.
Wait, really? if I recall correctly, talk radio where conservative media goes to test their talking points. If that is the case they could be laying the grassroots groundwork to disown trump, it could be the beginning of the end.
Gerald Ford was never elected President. Why? Because Spiro Agnew, Nixon’s VP, resigned for corruption and crimes. I bring this up because even *if* Pence is clean, he will be a lame duck. Trump’s base doesn’t like Pence the same way they adore Trump, and will probably will hate him for replacing the Cheeto. There’d be no reason political will to cooperate with President Pence from either side of the aisle. He’d be a loser, and like Paul Ryan, he might bow out too, because there’s little appeal in being a powerful loser. If Pence is dirty some other republican hack will take his place too, and he’ll be in the same position.
But pipes and schools are lame, we simply have to use our boom boom toys so all kids on the playground don’t think we’re totally lameos.
Such a comical strategic blunder alone should be grounds for impeachment.
The dementia hadn’t fully set in yet.
That or a man who would double-cross you at the first moment of convenience or necessity. 
From the /r/EnoughTrumpSpam automoderator:

>*Paul Ryan mirthlessly opens his desk drawer and reaches in. He pauses for a moment to consider; inside sits a loaded pistol and a half-full bottle of Jack Daniels. The bottle wins out every time, but never before the pause...*
What joke? 
88 in a username is never a good sign.
Are you almost 30?
A real whippersnapper! 

If you like tinkering, there's actually plenty of room for improvement that could make your bike ride almost as well as a modern bike which wouldn't break the bank.
relevant username?
Minute for minute, you actually burn more calories running, however its cycling is much more enjoyable and you can do it for far longer. 
However, like pizza, you are best to avoid buying from wal-mart.
To be honest I'm not a fan of black bikes, you're not batman. 

Let your Celeste green freak flag fly, Bianchi!
Remember kids, if someone online pukes “both sides are the same”, they’re either really dumb or have an agenda to depress your vote (I.e. Russian troll)
"Young", Paul Ryan is almost 50!
Probably used some safeway coupons.
My point is this, assuming Ryan has somehow managed to keep himself clean and ignorant of Trump's crimes up until today, as time marches forward it become harder for the Speaker of the House to not become involved in the presidents crimes both in the criminal sense and the opposite sense of prosecuting the president and upholding justice. Like, I can imagine Paul Ryan doesn't want to break the law, so he would prefer to not get involved with Trump, Putin, and their goons and chooses to remain ignorant of them. However, at the same time Ryan obviously doesn't want to impeach the President nor protect Mueller's investigation. As things get crazier, Ryan will have to make a choice or several choices between undying loyalty to a criminal moron or the United States Constitution and the principals we claim to hold dear. Instead, it looks like he'd rather not get involved at all, so he is officially abdicating from his seat after figuratively abdicating from his responsibilities for at least the past 4 years.
I imagine Paul Ryan wanted to do more and far worse things than that, however realizing that his stupid crony tax cut was the best he could achieve probably dampened his spirits.
> minorities staying home due to a lack of motivation.

...and more importantly voter suppression tactics. Don't forget that even *if* minority voters weren't as super thrilled about Hillary as they were with Obama, it should not take risking your job to go vote for a candidate you're mostly okay with. 
I think the silly valley types are hoping for more a *Snow Crash* future than a *Fallout* future.
Are you seriously arguing for suicide? Because that's what it sounds like; building and maintaining society is hard work, which is why it's obviously worth protecting, but that isn't a reason to just roll over and die when the going gets tough.
>He had the ability to toss them all off, he had a reason to? Why didn't he?

He probably needs those golden showers for the site to survive. Seeing his financial balance sheet might have chilled his resolve, assuming he had any in the first place; choosing between a milquetoast stance on having the /r/the_dipshitRacists being on the site and not having a site at all anymore isn't an easy decision for any CEO. 

Not to mention if he fucks up badly, couldn't he get sued by his investors?
Screenshot for any doubters: http://archive.is/obqB8

["Very fine people"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcoYKuoiUrY) (NSFW, real Nazis and hate speech.)
Make Pao CEO Again
> The reality is that ~~the vast majority of people on~~ /r/Drama is not ~~racist, not anti-semite,~~ one of the most malevolent, cruel, coldhearted online communities you'll ever find,  but patriotic ~~Americans~~ shitposters that believe in ~~libertarian principals of smaller government~~ free spech. Sure we troll ~~progressives~~ /r/SubredditDrama sometimes but usually it's all in good fun.

Ftfy
...and deprive healthcare to children and the elderly.
I wonder if these republican congressmen are retiring to avoid possible criminal entanglements and future indictments...

So far, Paulie and friends probably still have plausible deniability, but as things unfold and become more intense for Trump and RNC insiders, it'll become harder for these "brave" congressmen to both keep their hands clean while still supporting their corporate grifter agenda.
They’d probably take the obese guy too if they had to. Plenty of roles outside of combat to fill.
It doesn't matter if you're the state 3-gun champion, if you run as a Dem, the NRA will do their damnedest to smear you into oblivion and energize *their* base; all the while waffling on gun control today will do nothing but suppress *your* base. If Dems want to win, they will need to nut/ova up and run on the issues they believe in and not play lip-service to the right.  
Fair enough, obviously not every domestic terrorist is a veteran, but a lot of these domestic terrorist organizations have veterans in their ranks. Like or not, you probably know, at least, that [one guy](https://www.armytimes.com/news/pentagon-congress/2017/10/23/military-times-poll-one-in-four-troops-sees-white-nationalism-in-the-ranks/) in your ranks, and one dude is all a group would need to disseminate knowledge about how to effectively start a domestic insurgency. Also, none of those ideas require many people to achieve, nor to the require a substantial hierarchy or command structure. All it takes is a few determined people to start a meme. Even if it did require communication, there are plenty of websites and encrypted applications out there to start organizing their insurgency.

> especially former combat veterans might be able to raise hell for a short time, but it would quickly burn itself out in days if not hours.

Besides you forget the home field advantage these boys would have. These guys would probably be in disguise and well hidden amongst the non-combatant community, not to mention they could easily be comprised of "well respected" members of the local community. Any counter-terror investigation would have to go from door to door of unfriendly small towns asking about friends, family, deputies, teachers, church deacons, etc., with sympathetic locals turning a blind eye to their activities. If and when those guys do get caught, its not like their movement has ended, because now they can be used as martyrs and inspiration for the next group, turning it into a deadly game of whack-a-mole. And the next group can learn from the previous group's mistakes.
> that woman (allegedly) killed herself. 

Unfortunately that's quite possible that both her allegations against W were true but she did ultimately kill herself. Like imagine if you were taken advantage of by a very powerful man and yet nobody took you seriously and everybody told you to shut up about it all the time. Hardly any conspiracy required when society itself is on the guy's side to keep a woman quiet.
W's national security lapses during his early days were very much responsible for 9/11. He and his cabinet didn't take the terror plot seriously because he was focused on tax cuts for his cronies and the regions involved with the terror plot didn't have enough oil.
Not NY state attorney general, but federal attorney for the Southern District of New York.

But could you imagine if Trump had a NY/NJ/CA/etc state warrant out for his arrest for crimes he committed before or during the time he was running for president? What does that even mean, the President can’t pardon himself for crimes prosecuted by the states, would the state police in Trump’s motorcade be obligated to arrest the sitting President of the United States? What would the secret service do?
The third bullet point is *very illegal* as well. It’s basically an undisclosed campaign contribution.
His booty of course!
Oh honey, all you need is a little imagination...

The interstate highway system runs right through Trump country, I.e. the middle of nowhere, for thousands of miles. The railroads, and high voltage power distribution as well. A lot of these militias are actually military combat veterans, who have plenty of experience with roadside ambushes in terrain not that dissimilar from their own backyards. A few orchestrated attacks on highways could be enough to cripple national shipping. Something as simple as sniping semi-Truck drivers to make them afraid to do their jobs. Maybe use their big dumb trucks to cause a traffic jam and then mosey up the highway executing anyone who doesn’t look enough like a Trump supporter along the way. Besides, there’s always train derailments, millions of tons of raw materials lost from the country. While that happens, guess what? Blue dots greater than 200 miles inland will start starving. People from the inner cities to small colleges begin freezing to death. Hospitals run out of medicine. Cars don’t have fuel, and even if they did it would be unsafe to drive anywhere outside the suburbs because it could be open season on Prius drivers.

The electrical grid alone is protected merely by the honor system, a rented or "stolen" excavator to a few towers in the dead of winter would be a serious problem. 

While the military and federal government are powerful, the continental United States is much bigger than Afghanistan, and half the military supports Trump and recruitment challenges have lowered standards on what is or is not a Nazi. Not to mention the lessons from Iraq and Afghanistan are true for white Americans too, fucking up and causing collateral damage will spawn more right wing terrorists and sympathizers. Even with a unified federal government any effort to eradicate y’all queadia will take decades if not generations.


Anna Marie Cox who hosts the pod “ With Friends like These” went to the CPAC and found a female punk trump supporter. Yes she was also a Nazi who thought that guy from Charlottesville was cute.
And this was just for Stormy Daniels (and some other felonies)!
As someone who lost 130 lbs, you’re goddamned right it’s a celebration. I might not be an Olympian but it took a lot of hard work just to become “adequate”.
John Bolton’s mustache twitched with glee.
In Pittsburgh yesterday, US route 30 slid off a mountain and into an apartment complex. But Paul Ryan lowered taxes.

Infrastructure week!
Not to mention, the story is important because it exposes many crimes committed to cover the affair up and the plausibility that Trump and his goons have used the same criminal tactics before with matters equally if not far more serious.
He was the rightful president to *nominate candidates* to fill that seat with *the confirmation of senate*. Until the Turtle got wiley, everything else was a courtesy.

Look, I don't like it either, but the poop-hole loophole worked. Besides if we win the senate in 2018, I'm pretty sure you don't want the Senate appointing some corrupt Fox news clown to the Supremes either. The legislative needs the right to have discretion over something as powerful as a Justice. 

What we really need is an amendment to guarantee that Justices be appointed within a appropriate time frame, or maybe a rule like "sitting president at the time of a Justice's death, impeachment, or retirement gets to nominate the next justice until the seat is filled". Like say if a Justice died on January 19th, even after the old president has left office and the new one gets sworn in, only that old president has the right to pick the Justice nominee for that seat, whether the Senate likes it or not.
If you're still butt hurt over the primary, you might be the nut job. Like the result or not, it was completely legitimate and if you believed in a single thing Bernie stood for you should have voted for Hillary, you spiteful crybaby ass.
Unlike Trump, to my knowledge Gorsuch hasn't really committed any crimes. The political will required to impeach a Justice who hasn't done anything wrong beyond being a Orginalist hack would probably be so insurmountable it'd be easier to build a moon base named after Obama and Margaret Sanger.
Wow, imagine being this dumb. 
The US Greens are a scam, who congregate with con-artists and woo frauds, showing up asking for donations every 4 years to perpetuate the dream of being a serious party. If you want to be a serious party start with the school boards and dog catchers and county levels where real environmental protection work can be done.

The SocDems know this and instead they're infiltrating the Democrat party from the ground up both supporting their own and building friendships with more classical liberal dems instead of being a perpetual spoiler at the top making a big show to grift fools from their money. 

Hell, even the Koch Brothers know this, they built their power from investing at the small potatoes local level, building the political infrastructure necessary to get the things they want done.
Lol good catch.
I'm going to stick with Pennsylvania, because that's a state I know and it voted blue in presidential elections since the days of Billy boy until the_dingus.

In 2012, Obama got 2990274 votes, and the Greens got only 21341.

In 2016, Hillary got 2926441 votes, and the greens got 49941. Trump won with 2970733, which for the greens at home, is less votes then what Obama won in 2012. 

So in 2016 the Greens practically doubled earning another 28600 votes in the election. Hillary needed 44292 to win PA. Sure, vote for vote, if Hillary got every new Green voter, she still would have lost PA by a ~15k votes, but elections don't happen in a vacuum. If new greens voted blue, that margin was 0.0025% of the PA voting populace, that's by a sneeze. Rhetoric matters, maybe convincing people that their vote could be thrown away *has dire consequences*. 

Maybe if Stein was a serious adult, seeing the writing on the wall and endorsed Hillary, not because she was a bastion of environmental protections, but appointing Scott Pruitt to the head of the EPA is an epic disaster for everything they stand for, the result could swing just enough that we don't have fat_Caligula in the white house. Something which Johnson, for all his faults, was at least brave enough to do that for the sake of the issues that mattered to him.
That is the one thing *I will never* forgive the Greens and Green voters and the "Harambe" protest voters for. Sure Republicans deserve much of the blame, but Republicans are going to Republican; pigs are going to swim in shit. That Supreme Court seat was ours to lose and in jeopardy, but we had a chance to stop it or at least protect the progress we made.  However those antiscience, innumerate hacks thought the last election was something they could throw away "in protest". 

A lot of the rights, protections, and privileges the left holds dear exist because of efforts made in the ~~Judaical~~ Judicial Branch. Successes which can be just as easily be overturned or made far worse. Thanks to the efforts of those fools, with some help from ol' Vladdie; everything, including future executive and legislative action and past judicial precedence, from voting rights, Roe v. Wade, gun control, *environmental protections*, trust busting, anti-corruption, and citizen's united for the next generation will continue be vulnerable to the rapport of a gavel because those gmo-free anti-vaxxier granola munchers did not have to presence of mind or sufficient understanding of government to see the difference between two sides and stop an "originalist" Scalia clone from joining the bench. 

By the way, Ginsberg, bless her heart, isn't going to live forever, and odds are teh_conartist has 2 good years left to fuck around in office. Thanks Jill, you grifter hack.
A hero of /r/vandwellers.
>feel at ease... until the cops start questioning him about the ~~missing pets in the neighborhood.~~ semi-trailer full of possibly stolen Texarkana Coors beer in his backyard.

FTFY


Or Zuckerberg from the Social Network...

...oh wait.
[Urfascism.txt](http://www.nybooks.com/articles/1995/06/22/ur-fascism/)
How do you know it’s infrastructure week? 

*Trump has another scandal.*
All colleges are free when you’re a corpse!
Fluffy pillows with razor blades in them.
What happened?
Don't give them ideas!
> The intersection of a highway and an interstate in the suburbs of a midwestern city is probably the worst place on the planet to find a place for bicyclists.

This doesn't have to be true. However, all the diverging diamond needs is a few dedicated bike lanes and it should work as intended with bikes just like cars. 
And a three level interchange would take up *less* space?
At that point, why not just build a full cloverleaf?
Steven Universe has nothing on the Venture Brothers.

Excluding the pilots, since it's premiere in November 4, 2013, SU has released 140 episodes in 230.5 weeks, that's more than one episode every two weeks, and average wait of 1.65 weeks per episode in fact. 

Whereas, since its premiere in August 7, 2004, VB has released 71 episodes and 4 specials in 713 weeks. Counting the specials, that's an average wait time of almost an episode every 2 months, *9.5 weeks* per episode.

E: Rick and Morty is closer to VB levels of wait time, however it still isn't nearly as bad with an average of 7.30 weeks per episode. Game of Thrones has a run of 5.43 weeks per episode. M.A.S.H. had a run of about 2.13 weeks per episode, and to my knowledge people didn't complain about that show having a long wait time. 

E2: The Simpsons are at 2.33 weeks per episode, if your show is doing better than *the Simpsons*, you shouldn't be complaining about hiatuses.




They practically release a season per *Presidential term*.
It'll be in the 60's right until thanksgiving.
The wind blew bricks off of my house.
That's Seattle.
The scenery is pretty and the cost of living is still low.
January 95^th
Holy crap! A time traveler from 2013! Quick warn the world about trump and brexit before its too late!

^^^^^srsly ^^^^^tho, ^^^^^ur ^^^^^a ^^^^^little ^^^^^late ^^^^^to ^^^^^the ^^^^^party ^^^^^on ^^^^^that
/r/rickandmorty and /r/stevenuniverse have no business complaining about hiatuses, VB has had 6 seasons in *14 years*.
Sweet ass-bot.
>These commenters were an odd alliance of Anderson devotees and the usual internet complainers who love to call out "identity politics" and "snowflakes," *but most, judging from their Twitter avatars, were white men or sentient anime characters.*

That should be a flair.


>thinks cultural appropriation is mocking other cultures. 

While it doesn't always have to be a form of mockery, it absolutely can be a form of mocking an oppressed culture or people. Unless you're willing to explain how "Chief Wahoo" is a respectful and welcome representation of Native Americans.
> I'm not sure Moana qualifies as appropriation at all

From what I've seen, whether of not Moana is acceptable appropriation mostly depends on the writer's given opinions of capitalism. 
Did they follow it up with claiming that you were being "racist against white people"?
Man, nothing is stupider than seeing someone trying to refute cultural appropriation by saying "durr no ur the real racist!"
> Getting the crank on the rotating part of the rear-wheel would be a step more tricky

Just repurpose a trainer, easy peasy. Hell, at that point you could use the trainer to belt drive a circular saw, and then the old man could really cut some wood. 
> Other than it not having a slight ergonomic shape to hug your face like an old phone

Have you ever used a traditional land line [telephone](http://www.slate.com/articles/life/design/2012/05/telephone_design_a_brief_history_photos_.html)? They have more than a *slight* ergonomic shape, unlike a smartphone, for 80 years the receiver of a traditional phone has been designed for the sole purpose of fitting real human faces in order to facilitate calls. Smartphones for all their benefit have to do so many different things, so the ergonomics of making a simple call on them has been compromised to the point of almost obsolescence. Personally, I don't like shoving a sharp edged brick into my face, so I try to avoid it if I can.
For me, smartphones are not as comfortable to use like a traditional phone. Without mic’ed headphones, I’ll use a smartphone like this in private.
You know how in word documents and text boxes you can use the arrow keys to move the cursor through text? In windows, you can use “ctrl” + left/right arrow key to have the cursor skip whole words, and the “home” and “end” keys to jump to the beginning and end of lines.
Okay, so while this is a cute idea, I can see at least 2 improvements. The first being foot placement, if he pedaled on the balls of his feet and not his arches he'd have more power. 

The second thing he should be do is use the rear wheel as a flywheel for the reciprocating saw. Real engineering covered as to why this a good idea in his steam engine [video](https://youtu.be/fsXpaPSVasQ?t=3m7s), and you can see where the old man has a hard time maintaining a smooth stroke. Besides, using the rear wheel would allow the rider to have gears, which he can use to adjust his cadence for comfort and optimum efficiency.

Edit: this guy figured it [out](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MegM0oKWCKs). 
...a post which belongs on /r/OSHA as well.
What would be post wing dinga?

"wham-blam-thank-you-mam" for the 70s? Maybe "bleep-bloop" for the 80's?
Do they forget what a blood donation is for? Its for saving another person's life, not for community brownie points or feeling special or good about yourself. Its a stupid hill to die on, if you want to help out there are hundreds of other options that do not involve putting kids with goddamned Leukemia at an unjustifiable risk for getting AIDs.
Not to mention, they ban people who use needles as well. 
There is nothing moral or ethical about putting a child *with cancer* at risk for AIDs just because ***you*** feel entitled to donate your blood. Sure, you might be the cleanest person in the world right now, but that doesn't mean you or someone else could get sloppy in the future. One simple screw up, from a lying/unknowing partner to a broken condom to a botched test, and they could easily kill several of the most vulnerable people. Good job, At least *you* get to wear a "I donated sticker" too.
>Just me and a bunch of straight white dudes doing straight white dude stuff.

They just want the world to be the [Lancaster steam show](https://youtu.be/ZXZgJ8hWoQk) forever.
Or willing to wear a swimsuit in a war zone, in January. 
He’s also fit and self confident enough to embrace his baldness.
...And he's like 30.
I volunteer my Pittsburgh 2007 Suzuki Reno (the hatch version of the Forenza) as tribute. However, you got some details wrong:

>I think Suzuki is the only Japanese automaker to enter the US market and then abandon it?

2000's Suzuki in America *was not* a Japanese manufacturer, but rather a GM... Daewoo enterprise, its basically Korean. IIRC, GM bought Daewoo in the 90's but figured it'd be too hard to sell the cars with the name "Daewoo Lacetti". They licensed the Suzuki name because "that's what the kids like", but the deal didn't last forever. GM then just dropped the Daewoo name and Suzuki pretense, calling it "GM Korea". In fact, the spiritual successor to the Forenza is the Chevy Cruze.

As of today, there's like 6 of them in good condition at the local U-pull-it junkyard, and still see a few rolling around on the roads, my guess is that dealerships are scrapping them after being traded in. They aren't worth a lot and being a dead brand doesn't help. At least it makes it easy for me to find replacement steel rims; the pot holes have been really bad this winter. In 2 months alone, Pittsburgh gave me two flats and ate my donut. 
>When trouble started on one project folks would jump to another to avoid the problems. Before long we had multiple projects that were sitting in different states of incomplete. Once they brought in traditional structure again the projects gained traction again.

QED why Anarchy doesn't work. 
Well duh, it's in their flag.
It's quite literally the official car of eating an [endangered](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piping_plover#Status_and_conservation) species. 
Also isn't ocean spray an issue in Long Island?
Okay, is this a joke? Are you guys for real?
...relevant username?
Looks more like a *Baine Coon* kitty. 0wo
Yeah... impossible...

Nobody fooled here. Nope
Yeah Obama opining that “there has to be a middle ground, between strong encryption and the feds seeing anything they want, surely our best and brightest can figure it out” reminds of that one scene in the movie *The Core*. Specifically where some General says “if we made it too the moon, why can’t we go into the center of the earth?”

Sorry Barry, that’s now how that works. It’s not how any of this works.
Speech 150: Convince people to give you blowjobs on *their* birthday.
>I feel that the whole not voting for Hilary is a vote for trump mentality is a huge part of our problem.

You failing to understand basic mathematics is a bigger problem. 
*Federal* Prison, to be precise, Ivy League criminal colleges.
Is this satire?
Also the main [website](http://viewoftheblue.com/photography/) is loaded with great /r/TrainPorn and /r/AbandonedPorn material. 
And its not like Amazon is going to giving away many "opportunities" to locals anyway. Its all a scam.
>Why is this like this?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redlining
I T T O O K T W E L V E Y E A R S T O M A K E
The official car of a 35 year old carrying around a copy of the Texas "Romeo and Juliet" Law, in New Jersey. 
The official car of wanting to claim environmentalist brownie points but riding the bus/train/your bike is way too poor for you, and the Prius looks lame.
So the official car of late Obama years Burning Man?
>The official car of *disruptively* overusing the term "disruption".
The official car of rooting against the farmers in the John Deere right to repair case.
The official car of the football coach. 
If John Bolton was a Marxist. 
Why not both? If the goal is confusion, you don't actually need to appeal to mensa members. 
Wait isn’t Stevo Pinkie a transphobic asshole?

E: never mind that was Peterson 
That's fair, although anecdotally I know of a few real "socially liberal, fiscally conservative" types, so its possible there were some libertarians who thought something like gay rights mattered more than lower taxes in 2012. 

Still however in 2012, Obama got 2,990,274 votes in PA. In 2016, Trump got 2,970,733 and Hillary got 2,926,441. So where did those 63833 votes go?

Not all went to the Greens, so I dunno, maybe some went to Harambe too.
>Comment [A471]: All this pop psychology is hogwash. You can’t say ugly people are drawn to the left. Have you ever seen the people at a Trump rally?

🔥🔥🔥
What pasta
>Did Trump win any state by less than the votes that Stein got there?

I can't speak for everywhere, but here in PA, which voted blue in almost every presidential election since Bill, the Green and Libertarian (E:) and Harambe vote combined damn near tripled in 2016. That difference was enough to give this state to Trump. 
Outside of of white guys over the age 25, you can't peg everything on one exact demographic, the margins for Trump's victory were so narrow that a lot of things had to happen for it to work out. Voter suppression isn't just gerrymandering but its intimidation, propaganda, and depressing the electorate as well. If you're dumb enough to believe that "hurr-durr, both sides are the same", you're not exactly going to be enthusiastic about going to the polls, or telling people to vote, or convincing them that Jill Stein is a worthless hack who is unfit to manage a community garden, let alone a party.
Man, if uber-liberals cared about the supreme court as much as conservatives did, and we really should care, we wouldn't have Trump. 
> He ain't shaping up to be the next Ginsberg.

For a second there I was confused about how you thought slam poetry was good preparation for law school. 
>Lol even the religious scientists who abandoned geocentrism did so at least partly because they didn't think God would create a universe that worked nonsensically.

Lol, honestly I'd love to see a Abrahamic theologian actually argue that maybe their God is crazy E: or a narcissist. 
While their sentiment isn't wrong, I don't think it is too much ask to first send a message saying "sry its over" *and then* deleting the blocking the guy. The guy isn't entitled to an explanation nor a rebuttal, and of course if he was already being shitty you have to do what makes you feel comfortable, but at least this way nobody is wasting their time. 
Not really, better odds than vegas on this bet.
Hey now, he broke his funny bone in a crash. :(
Was this guy Andy Kaufman? He *often* won spoken word competitions!
> I'm sure Facebook was just as naive as its users about the potential harm it might cause

Probably more negligent about the harm than naive. 
Double it and you can probably buy the boat to keep.
Somehow I doubt that the coast guard would let you float that in the middle of a shipping lane.
While he might be able to afford to travel anywhere on Earth, unless ol' Bezos has a teleporter in his basement, there is a limit to how short his commute time can be made. 

Proximity matters because it helps to hire from the government and past contractors if you want to work with government. Besides, you don't want to make your biggest customers travel far every time you have a face to face meeting.
Like I said elsewhere, its a simple fact that on average, a white person with an undergrad degree will make more money than a poc with the same degree. In fact, on average, a poc with an undergrad college degree makes about as much a white guy with a high school diploma today, but don't forget a high school degree doesn't require student loans. Its also a simple fact that to this day, white people have an easier time finding a job at all levels than a poc. Our hero is in school for a graduate degree in engineering. Even in the worst case scenario straight from a Hillbilly Elegy, this guy will not nearly be as negatively impacted by dropping out or losing his scholarship as a POC in the same position.

Sure, wealth can be a factor too, but to say that race dosen't matter proves that you have much to learn about the history and current state of race relations in America. 
Its a simple fact that on average, a white person with an undergrad degree will make more money than a poc with the same degree. Its also a simple fact that to this day, white people have an easier time finding a job at all levels than a poc. Our hero is in school for a graduate degree in engineering. Even in the *worst case* scenario straight from a Hillbilly Elegy, this guy will not nearly be as negatively impacted by dropping out or losing his graduate scholarship as a POC in the same position. 

No one said life was easy, even for white people, but his opinion is moot. He has almost nothing to lose from this, yet he wants to use his privileged voice ruin the chances of giving a voice to the people at his school who need it the most.
You are an idiot. *Every* white person in America benefits from our history of systemic racism, even the poor ones deep in Appalachia. 
You really going to pull the reverse racism card? Lol, Get real snowflake.
It absolutely *does* matter. 

Its a safe bet to make that he has both the family wealth, social, and economic support resources in place for him to safely drop out of grad school and relatively easily cruse into industry if the going got tough. Sure it might not be in his field, but he'll get hired somewhere and in the meantime he won't be homeless. Exchange students and people of color on the other hand simply do not have the same economic and social advantages that he does, so they cannot simply just leave when the school decides to fuck with them. 
My girlfriend simply cannot resist my [hot](https://assets.bonappetit.com/photos/58ef9815f9ef2707d8e770af/1:1/w_768,h_768,c_limit/morning-buns.jpg) [buns](https://i.huffpost.com/gen/1165281/thumbs/o-BUNNY-570.jpg?1)
And of course its a white engineering student with literally nothing to lose from this. 
My bet is near the D.C. metro area, because there are like 3 cities in left in the running of within an hour's drive of where Bezos bought another house. Besides Amazon sells cloud services to the government, so being closer to that sweet federal money is a no-brainer.
"Things that could have been there" would be a good sequel to that classic Rick Sebak documentary. 
To be clear, I was suggesting that supporting Bernie to undermine Clinton's legitimacy was a clear part of Putin's agenda. The Bernie-Bros who are refusing to admit that they were played by Putin, Bannon, and other agents of destabilization are still a big part of the problem. 

Which isn't to say that their ethical reasoning for supporting Bernie over Hillary was right or wrong, but being a good person, having the best of intentions, or believing in good causes doesn't render you immune from  being bamboozled into making disastrous and consequential strategic blunders.

E: it goes without saying that we should blame Russia for a lot of this, but Russia didn't act alone. Besides, we can blame Russia all we want, but its not like this current Administration is going to throw down heavy sanctions.  At the moment its more productive to learn from our mistakes and go after the particpants who are easier to reach like Facebook, the international right who courted Putin, and Trump's goons.
Didn't Putin put forward a directive for his troll army to support *both* Trump and Bernie?
I can imagine a few Bernie-bros and uber-lefties are afraid to admit that they also contributed to the rise of Trump in some way. Of course, it isn't an indictment against Bernie himself or his ideology, and it does not mean that Hillary and the DNC/DCCC did nothing wrong, but 2018 & 2020 are coming soon, and we have to be honest with ourselves to learn from our mistakes. 

Like maybe taking advantage of Russian money and bots to shit-fling the last viable candidate against stupid-authoritarianism and stuffing Supreme Court with another 30 years of originalist Scalia clones was seriously a bad idea. Maybe misunderstanding how electoral politics and *fucking math* works is a mistake that we should learn from.
>you can’t beat a grandmaster in chess and you can’t play in the NBA and you can’t be the best opera singer in the world unless you are motivated and disciplined enough to have practiced for decades, learned how to use the best techniques from masters, are very lucky, and are genetically gifted.

FTFY, physical traits and gifts do matter, a lot, but that isn't the whole story. Being gifted does not matter much if the best circumstances life can give you is being a tax accountant in Des Moines, Iowa or a bike messenger in Nicaragua. Even if you do find out that you're a savant, if not at an early age and without substantial monetary, familial, and community support, its entirely possible that you will not have enough time in your life to really do anything about it beyond being a competent amateur. 
Nah, that’s how you’d end up vivisected
Wait, there’s a downside?
N O L O W B A L L E R S I K N O W W H A T I H A V E
So it can take off with *less* runway? Carry heavier loads?
Here's a question since you appear to know what you're talking about, but what if you could channel thrust from the engine into the gyro? Not 100% of the time, because that'd just be a helicopter, but for takeoff and maybe to assist in a prolonged hover. It's not a new idea, because that's how they did it in the [30's](https://youtu.be/mQieKnglzj4?t=3m34s), so there must be some reason why they don't do it now. If I were to guess, a drive-train which can mechanically divert 150 hp 90^o upward into something torquy like 20 foot propeller blades on demand is expensive and heavy, especially in the 30's, but surely we have different techniques now. Like instead of a directly connecting the mechanical output of the engine to the rotors, what if we channel the exhaust of the engine into a turbine connected to the gyro? It might not be perfect, but wouldn't some power assist be of practical benefit to the gyrocopter?
From this thread, Panic is actually preferable reaction to a trained fixed wing pilot's reflex in a stall. 
> Probably far higher maintenance cost...

...due to the consequences of failure being so dire, of course.
>It was like a 2 week old article at that point

Wait I thought that was like 4 months ago...
Stormy "Legal genius" Daniels 2018. Hell, she could probably make it to some house seat if she had enough support.
Maybe put the sign in a more prominent and visible spot?
Problem: Billy Bob's third DUI means you're down one driver for the move, but Mr. Lahey won't let you stay on the grounds after the end of your lease.

Solution: rent an Auto Transport. 
>if that happens you are having a bad problem and you will not get to fly in your autogyro today

But at that point, you're already in the air so it should be "if that happens, you are having a bad problem and your trip in the air will end early today."
I bet Trump is the kind of guy who is scared of fireworks.
if so, which one was it?
It was mentioned in 60 minutes overtime, but another thing to remember is that if the_criminal, his fixer, and other  goons used the intimidation tactics mentioned on Stormy, they probably used these tactics elsewhere. On people more relevant to Mueller's investigation. 
The problem with such a strategy is that, like gas, rats know no nationality. The distance is not that far between trenches, so if you somehow encourage a rat infestation on the other side, those rats will soon come to your side looking for more food. Not to mention, being in the trenches *sucked* equally for both sides. Naturally, unofficial agreements between opposing sides arose to keep their mutual living situation a bit more tolerable. If one side started killing your rat doggos, you'd kill theirs in kind, but the only thing that would archive is you'd now both have more rats, which makes things worse and doesn't put either of you at a strategic advantage.

Also snipers would not waste their hidden strategic advantage on a prize as meager as a dog, they'd want to target something more meaningful, like an officer.
It’s not nimbyism to want to protect a city park from some self important entitled yuppies who think greenspace stands in the way of some narrow definition of “progress”.
Nice fiat.
Jared?
Yeah, I'm really skeptical of "uber leftie" strangers telling people to give up. Almost as is they've reading and spreading lies to let the left  fail again.
I prefer my jousting rod to be artisanal fair trade steel tyvm. 
Seriously, OP needs to learn how to use chopsticks and eat his General Tso’s properly.
You can’t hot-glue Bitcoin onto the roof of your car.
Like alcohol, selling a gun to a minor *is* illegal. Selling a gun to a felon is also illegal. 

Reddit doesn't want to be seen responsible for an illegal transaction. They claim that they cannot verify that the transaction of a controlled item happening on their site is between 2 consenting adults, or even that the 2 parties in question are capable of verifying the legal status of each other. 
Give them time, it's not like the Admins are organized or actually had plans.
Straub is better than Yuengling anyway. 
> Are you girl?

To be clear, being a guy isn't a deal breaker, it just means the returns are significantly lower. 
You should send the admins some non-alcoholic beer with a note which ~~tells them to go fuck themselves~~ congratulates them for their competent website administration.
So... they went to bed together, and took a nap?
Could you imagine if currency arrived instead of your lost beer? Such inconvenience!
Of course not, we'll sell them ideas. 
Oh geez you would not want all that Yuengling to become "lost"! A minor could find it!
Same reason why /r/beertrade was banned.
It competed with reddit's sidebar ads.
Letting lil' Timmy become radicalized into a Nazi is a-ok with the admins and advertisers, but seeing 2 adults legally trade beer is *beyond the pale*.
Letting lil' Timmy become radicalized into a Nazi is a-ok with the admins and advertisers, but seeing 2 adults legally trade beer is *beyond the pale*. What a load of horseshit.
What's next? Will they ban pictures of cats?
>How can people think like this?

Blaming the woman while giving the man a pass, well that simply is just classic misogyny and sexism 101. 
Gin simply tastes like the ever-present reminder of the series of mistakes you made to get to the point where you can tolerate the taste of straight gin.
Facebook is sort of too big to fail at this point, I don't think many people are willing to give up with what might very well be the only system of contact with their friends, family, and community they have left. 
Come on OP, "OBJECTIONABLE" was right there.
This looks like the cover to a prog rock album.
>  Ritter's is a mere shadow 

Really? Their Greek omelettes are pretty great, altho I always substitute the lettuce for spinach. 
How is this always [relevant?](https://xkcd.com/1373/)
Isn't that already in appeal?

>COULD YOU IMAGINE THE TRIB COMMENT FEED?

MY BODY IS READY
THE CITY SHOULD

SEIZE THE ILLEGAL

MTWASHINGTON SIGN

FROM LAMAR AND 

GIVE IT TO THE

PITT CULTURAL TRUST
Airplanes aren't going to crash themselves.
> i would be a better paranormal investigator

Don't let your dreams stay dreams, bb. To be a great paranormal investigator, all you need to do is learn some film-making and digital production techniques and then simply lose all sense of scruples and ethical responsibility! Easy peasy 
Has your friend considered the possibility that the cigar smell merely has persisted in the carpeting, drywall, or other fixtures of the house?
Hey now Pink Flamingoes was great.
>I always thought it would be for his alcohol addiction, not his ghost condition 

Are we sure one is not a symptom of the other?
The official car of one of the guys who you suspect is your real dad.
Buying Beanie Babies.
America, where it's easier for a teenager to get an AR-15 that it is for them to get a case of Bud Light Lime.
> people WILL abandon their platform en masse

And go where, Google+? 
You forgot to mention the cigarette butts left tastefully on the ground on the top left.
Freaking out? Not really, looks like most people are just confused and curious. It's not like this stuff is covered in sex-ed. 
You can also hot glue beanie babies to the roof of your car, you can't do that with crypto. 
That one guy got a whole pizza once!
I know about that, perhaps PAT shouldn't try to force the CC system onto riders in the modern era before the system is modern.
Obama's the Anarchist, Atheist, Muslim, Commie-nazi Anti-Christ.
Because he'll just [hang up on you.](https://youtu.be/wDGLSRPQ5B4)
Not to mention, not everybody has a debit or credit card, especially someone who makes minimum wage, if at all. Being online is hardly helpful for someone without a credit card.
> it just takes a day or two to go through

But that is completely ridiculous in today's day and age. Countless other payment processing systems can handle many more frivolous transactions in minutes, if not seconds, so why is PAT still processing transactions like it is the late 90's. I'm fully aware of how the system works, but quite frankly, the system is crap and should have been rebuilt long before these "incentives" were rolled out. 
I disagree, while it isn't a bad idea to move people away from cash, with the current implementation of the connect card system, it is both *morally wrong* and absurd to financially penalize cash paying riders. There are not enough kiosks open, the system is way too sloppy and practically an afterthought, and the entire concept punishes the working poor while rewarding the privileged few University students and riders who can afford the more flexible unlimited system. 

 Until it is as easy as possible to get and load a connect card, the cash penalty is, at best, an out of touch and myopic incentive, and at worst a downright malicious attempt to further punish the poor for their mere existence.
Wow, so you really are a fragile little snowflake.
Are you really such a snowflake that you feel your fragile masculinity is threatened by *twinkly lights on a bridge*?


You are, surrender all of your stuff to the 5^th south bound pedestrian exit in the liberty tunnel at midnight during the next full moon. 
Nah, more like Turtle Creek.
its not the worst [lifestyle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpl5mOAXNl4) to live.
What if the alt-right is supported by Skynet? Like the youtube, twitter, and facebook AI are all artificially boosting the appeal of the turds so as to destabilize human society and make the path easier for our eventual robot overlords to conquer us?
I tail my worklights out so the black better.
Almond milk is totally an inferior coffee creamer tho, you might as well be adding straight tap water.
Madness. Next you're going to tell us that it is in fact impossible to workout every other day, at four times a week, every week.
That thread needs to be archived by the library of congress. 
I eat grass to protest the overreach in [brussels](https://youtu.be/C8dfiDeJeDU?t=6m56s)
We're saying Merry Easter folks. 
Oopsie doopsie
I tail my blacklights out so they bet worker.
Trump isn’t some Machiavellian  mastermind, especially in his old age. If the_dipshit has his phone and is in bad mood, I suspect Miss Haley won’t have much job security.
You guys should have brought some potatoes.
/u/probably_crime 
>Not that one usually wants to find hippies.

Speak for yourself, they're almost always down for a good time if you're polite. 
> is why does that need a name?

Why does anything need a name!? The just reads like bad linguistics.
> I have a hundred dollars in my bank 

Slow down there Rockefeller! :P

Seriously tho, hope things work out for you.
I suspect that the best way to curb rules lawyering is to go after the muzzle energy of the cartridge and not specific features of the gun. That's where a rifle's deadliness most comes from, and would easily cover for variables like speed and mass of the bullet (remember energy=1/2 \* mass \* velocity^2). The .223/5.56 used in assault rifles has an energy of almost 1.8 KJ, the 7.62 used by the ak-47 is 2kJ, both of with are as powerful as a hunting round like the 30-30. In comparison a .22 long rifle is only less than *300 J*, which can be dangerous, but not nearly as deadly nor penetrative and damaging as an assault caliber. 

What I propose is that we ban the future manufacture and new sale of any semi automatic rifle capable of shooting a cartridge with a muzzle energy greater than say 450J. Obviously this limitation would create an exception for the 22lr, but that is an intentional compromise to let them keep their toys to cosplay commando with while at the same time limiting the far more lethal weapons. 
<3
/r/beetlejuicing 
Why not make the upvote smaller so that it fits into the label of the floppy? That way it could look like it was there all along.
>I forgot the reasoning behind it though.

I'd guess that the disagreement between users gets more personal the more you humanize the characters in the discourse, making it harder to walk away. 
Is boasting about your IQ the best you can do? Truly, you need to workshop your material with your buddies at the lunch table. 
Really, what are you 16?
Oh no, you're one of *those*, До свидания
Stormy Robert has a nice ring to it.
Damn, are those gay frogs pro-cyclists?
Compared to what, some idiot Marxists on reddit? You all think you're Lenin or Trotsky?
Fair enough, I missed the "registered at school" part. If you're registered to vote *in Oakland*, which includes any dorms on main campus, there's little you can do about this election outside of volunteering. I am not the OP tho. 
Looking at the new versions, and the Micra might be one of the few cars where angry headlights actually [improved](https://www.nissan.ie/vehicles/new-vehicles/newmicra.html) the look of the car. I'd drive one here in Pennsylvania.
That said, a lot of students, faculty, and staff do commute in from all different parts of the city, so there's probably a few from that part of town who could use a reminder. After all, Pittsburgh is bigger than Pitt.
I guess the real question is whether or not violent media in general influences, for good or bad, things like domestic violence or violent crime in general within the culture at large, with or without guns. Sure, Australia and Germany and Great Britain may not have very many shootings, but a fist fight is still *violent*.

For all we know, maybe violent media actually *reduces* violence in real life, and the mass shootings are a uniquely an American problem. Which sounds crazy, but violent crime in the US has been falling [for years](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2018/01/30/5-facts-about-crime-in-the-u-s/). Maybe it does nothing and is merely a correlation; intuitively I'd guess violent media attracts violent people like flies to honey, yet obviously honey doesn't generate flies. Or maybe it does make people violent, or make violent people more violent, and we as a society need to decide what is too much.
Aww now the thread is deleted.
🎵 Let me drive my van into your heart [🎵](https://youtu.be/3atRlsFr3Ao)
You joke, but lead poisoning from industrial pollution is a serious concern in the rust belt.
I wasn't knocking the ideology. I'm knocking accelerationism, i.e. the fantasy that ceding ground to Republicans and allowing American conservatism to achieve its stated goals will somehow convince Americans to support progressive polices in the future.
But its okay, when the camps open up, it will totally convince the American populace that ~~weed legalization~~ Democratic Socialism is the one true way. ^^^/s
Somehow I doubt these kiddos really understand that their (in)actions have dire historical consequences. 
I'm serious, but of course since you're visiting from Chapo, I'm not going to waste time pandering to a woke political strategic mastermind such as yourself.
I never said to support the candidate you disagree with in the primaries, but when push comes to shove, Dems are not the GOP. You live a very charmed life if “banking deregulation” is the only thing you notice about a party’s values.
You know how many Trump supporters a real full on Nazis, and besides you don’t need literal Nazis for accelerationism to be a shitty idea made up by crazy people or idiots without something to lose.
Despite the propaganda from the right, shockingly many democrats are not true socialists. Who knew?
After a purging of their friends and loved ones, the genocide of millions of people, and a world war? And all you get out of it is a failed state who’s population and resources are bled dry by a ruthless dictatorship?

Boy sign me up, man you tankies really have a way of selling a strategy. :P
Ask the Wiemar left about how well accelerationism worked out for them, oh wait.
What a load of idiotic crap. Say what you will about the Dems who are voting to deregulate banks; maybe it was a cynical decision, maybe they are 80's Reaganomics true believers and think deregulation helps the working people, maybe they're sleeper agents. :P Whatever the reason, they should be kicked out and the party leadership should be held responsible for this.

But they are not Republicans, to even confuse the two reeks of ignorance and *privilege*. Those Dems **are not** voting to shut down planned parenthood, arm children with assault weapons, criminalize homosexuality, establish a state religion, neuter our environmental protections, arbitrarily imprison and disenfranchise people of color, start a war in North Korea, etc. Don't just roll over and die bleating about about this easy "both-sidesism", while letting conservatives take control and freely rape this country all over again.
While your sentiment isn't wrong, at the same time it is very important to keep a skeptical eye on what is or isn't marketing. Just because it was advertised as "safer" doesn't make it so. 
I'd also try to test fit the helmet first too. My current helmet is a Bell MIPS and, while it "fits", I swear to god that piece of crap doesn't want to stay on my head. Just a little poke will make it easily slide 2-3 inches backward exposing my whole forehead, which defeats the purpose of the helmet. Sure, it is possible to find the correct adjustment *randomly*, it comes out of alignment *every time* I take it off. Like I can't take it off to scratch an itch without spending the next 20 minutes fiddling with it to keep in on my head; it completely ruins the point of a 12 minute bike commute if have to spend more time on my helmet than on the bike! I'm probably just going to pitch the damned thing and buy a classic Giro or Specialized or something instead (with or without MIPS).

Personally if OP is going for a MIPS, stay away from Bell, its trash.
Did you hear the pod? The guests were very optimistic about the resiliency of our democracy. It just requires work and persistence. 
Some say he drinks soy by the millimeter.
Would a bamboo bike survive in the city? Or is it just a status symbol for an upper middle class family who will buy 4, use them 5 times in  four years, and eventually send to the same landfill as everyone else?
You make a good point, but to be fair, petroleum takes energy to make from crude too, lots of it.
What dumpsters are you picking in? Asking for a friend.
What sort of resale did you get for a 1-2 season used racing bike?
> Old school journalists would be turning over in their graves.


Pffft [mfw](https://youtu.be/ztVMib1T4T4) you forget the period known as “yellow journalism”.
Truly, the most carbon neutral option is suicide in a forest, so your nutrients will feed a whole ecosystem.
You should visit /r/subredditdrama sometime.
Somehow I doubt this guy is upfront about his statistics. He’s selling bamboo to the Whole Foods granola Luddite crowd, who ain’t exactly known for their mathematical prowess.
> I chucked it in my recycling bin. 

Better than the landfill ;)
I actually just happened to catch the train at that spot right at the nick of time; it was quite the lucky break, that was literally all the footage I got. 
I look forward to the trib comment section.
I put Sriracha on my hot dogs. It deserves a spot next to ketchup and mustard on any fast food condiment table.
It can be repaired too. This article is an ad for smug rich hippies who don't know better.

Bamboo seems like a promising material, but you don't need to smear other bikes materials to sell the idea.
>most people who own carbon fiber racing bikes replace them every three years

If you're in the top tier and/or living with a pile of money, maybe, but most regular people on fast "racing" bikes keep them for much, much, longer than 3 years. Usually they try to get their moneys worth out of them or sell them on the used market.
He said, the consumer, breath stinking of his own gatekeeping BS.

Do you ignorant luddites really believe that every carbon bike in good condition gets thrown into the trash every 3 years? Not bought and sold on the used market, or ridden for decades, just *trashed*? 

Your wants and needs are not the sole arbiter of what determines the wants, needs, or goals of the rest of the community. You can still ride the way that you want, and hang out with other people who live at your pace. That's what is beautiful about cycling, your way of life isn't dying, it is just becoming more diverse as cycling becomes more popular again. If you don't want or cannot fathom why someone else might do something differently, that isn't their fault.
> hat she was somewhat on the wrong side of history in the HIV activism movement for her position on needle exchange programs in the 90s 

The 90's were *twenty years ago*, fam; people can change significantly in that amount of time. While it doesn't hurt to press Donna for her current opinions on the issue and how she feels about her past; her actions and policies both made most recently and planned going forward matter far more than past transgressions old enough to vote. 

Sure, its always better to vote for a candidate you're most comfortable with, but in the end you have to settle on not making the perfect the enemy of the good. 
It there any benefit to a Turbo RX-8 or is that just some bro-mysticism? 
It's more like: "eyelids go up"
Nah, if that’s the case Pittsburgh’s HQ2 hopes are doomed. The 200 years worth of trash hidden under the greenery and foliage won’t be shrouded again until late April at the soonest.
Which Lawyers? It sure won’t be the Justice department. You mean the bottom of the conservative-barrel hacks desperate and crazy enough to work Donald Trump as his personal lawyers, a man who’s lawyers sued him for not paying them after counter suing into bankruptcy the people who sued Donald Trump for not paying them?

They’re already too busy putting out the fires Trump sets personally on a daily basis. Somehow I doubt that reddit would suffer more than 24 hours of tweets.
Almost as if these particular phones were designed by lazy hacks, blindly following a brand, and are not an objective sample of the demand from Android phone buyers.

The circle jerk runs strong in this sub.
Maybe not in 15 years, rejigger the turnpike interchange and the northbound entrance to 28 and it wouldn’t be too bad.
Unless the turns are banked the mall would be *way* too narrow for a serious bike track, even for exercise. Although maybe the guys from that failed bike racetrack from a few years ago would be interested in some old anchor store real estate.
I dunno, it’s not worth the association.
Nobody’s surprised, but you don’t have to see poop for the first time to know it’s detestable.
This guy is nutty, with a protected left turn lane at important intersections, Forbes Ave does not need 4 lanes after Bellefield.

Hell, Baum could use the same setup, but one can dream. 
Simple, use another wrench! /s
You should check out AVE on youtube, he rips Hazard Fraud a new asshole all the time.
It should be obvious to everyone by now that the only people who Trump believe should get Due Process, are not even his supporters, but Trump; because Trump is an idiot narcissist. 
Technically all republicans do is throw projections.
And soy, I never leave home without my trusty soybean around my neck.
Or a recipe for success!
Hell, they can even turn a spot into some showers and a changing area! Charge like $1-5 for a single use and have like a monthly pass.

Turn the Mills into an "adventure playground", it'd be a reason for dicks to stay. 
They should put a running track around the inside of the mall. That'd bring a few people.
Walnut Street has a lot too, it even has an Apple store. Hell Walnut is more of what a classic mall promised than the malls are today.
>"criminals"

>"middle class shoppers"

Did anyone's dog bark or was that just me?
They should just put a running track surface down and add some sneaker stores and juicer shops. I'd go to that mall like 3 times a week in the winter.
>You can attribute the amount of access to public transportation, in particular bus service, to a malls downscale nature and clientele. 

I had to do a double take reading this, at first I thought they were lamenting *the absence* of busing to these malls as the reason why they were dying in the twenty-teens. Which makes sense, because you'd want as many people to come to your mall as conveniently as possible! 

Then reading it again, its obvious they meant the opposite and blamed the downfall of the malls on the people who would take the bus, and were just being racist and/or classist trash.
SPACE PEDUTO KNOWS NO JURISDICTION
Can't you say the same thing about a lot, if not many, planes?

Somehow I doubt the SR-71 could glide much better than this cardboard box with wings when the engines are turned off.
Cardboard VTOL? Someone should do this for their engineering thesis.
It's not advisable to do while driving.
The *first time*? Really?
Truly, charging for bathrooms in RCT is one of the far worse war crimes you can commit in gaming.
Semen doesn’t work that way, it sticks to the back of your throat in the same way as it would to a wall.
Which is still better than “SEXY SEX OF REDDIT, SEXY SEX?”
/thread
The official car of "*Live. Pray. Love.*"
>People from the north east are called Yankees...

...and get confused about why you're referring to the baseball team. 
>Okay lets call hotdogs hots then!

>hot[shotshotshotshotshotshotshotshotshotshotshotshotshots](https://youtu.be/XNtTEibFvlQ?t=1m18s)



If done right, sweet and savory can mix really well, and besides the gelatin element in classic gummy-bears is made from bone marrow. It probably works better together than you'd suspect. 
Or, get more linux admins/webdevs comfortable with HyperV, go from there.
Honestly, I'd rather pay full price once than be bilked for software monthly.
Truly, a distinction without a difference.
Buy used, then you won't even need to go through the hassle of a background check.
>"There is no reason why on the street today a ~~citizen~~ a black person should be carrying loaded weapons"

>\- CA Governor Ronald Reagan, 1967

Fixed that for you.

>No wall, no deportation task force, no Muslim ban

Not for a lack of trying, the dreamers are *screwed*, people are getting deported every day, and ICE has definitely stepped up its game under Trump's administration. Its almost as if the only "values" Trump really cares about are nepotism, tax cuts for the rich, and oppressing people of color.
>surrender

But this implies he is on the opposing side to the thing he is ignoring, which isn't true.
Its sounds like if you want the_dipshit to do *anything*, simply remind him that Obama failed to do it during his time in office. 
Not to mention, there is the possibility of the unloading passengers crossing the street in front of the bus where you can't see them. 
Not really, its more "people who are capitalists" and "people who think the oppression of groups or individuals is terrible" respectively. People who are liberals to "the left" don't necessarily have to overlap in "the center" with people who are liberals to "the right".
But he could hurt somebody else driving distracted too.
Because the word has more than one meaning depending on the context.
>Speculating is akin to gambling. Investing is like going to work.

🔥🔥🔥
Unless they pay you. If its unpaid, you're merely a follower. 
This all just sounds like a natural evolution of classic celebrity culture to me. Remember all the hype and scandal in the tabloids about the Beatles, Michel Jackson, N Sync, Justin Bieber, and other stars of a generation? The only difference is Markplar's fame is smaller and decentralized with his life framed at a more "inter-personal level". 
Hell they sell a lot more than AR-15s, I'm sure they'll be fine next hunting season. 
Unless you need a ball, just go to REI; guns or no guns, the most of the stuff Dicks sells is shit.
Probably not much for Dicks. Relative to other items like sneakers and golf clubs, maintaining what is essentially a gun shop is a lot of legal and infrastructure overhead for a big chain store like they are. 

E: Throwing out "modern sporting rifles" and getting a "boycott" from NRA die-hards probably won't hurt their bottom line the same way bad publicity for still selling them could.
Why not just edit the old comment?
That's because we're all SAS on this blessed day.
> I have this but I’ve been disappointed with it because it’s so narrow that it’s challenging to find a pole skinny enough to lock it to. I think I also have a cable lock somewhere, but I’ve heard those are easy to cut. 

Its supposed to be narrow and skinny, U-locks work best on a modern bike rack. Of course, *finding* a modern bike rack is another story, but there are lots of them in downtown despite that fact that their [goofiness](https://fitt.co/pittsburgh/pittsburghs-bike-racks-2/) doesn't make things easy. 

>If I needed to go across the 9th street bridge, especially early in the morning when it’s still dark, would you take the sidewalk or the road?

At that hour of morning, do what makes you most comfortable. As far as I am aware, as long as you're not blasting pedestrians at 30 mph, you're entitled to the sidewalk along with a full lane of the street on the non-highway bridges.
Again fuck you, I don’t need help from charlatans and con artists.
Fuck you and your concern trolling. My point is that the same turds who argue for “boundless optimism” argue for gutting the social systems like roads, schools, and healthcare, which made such growth and innovation possible for underclass in the first place, leaving all the wealth left over for the top. What wealth that is still growing is left for rich to hoard and the traders to circlejerk and scam into oblivion. Reaganomics has never worked as advertised, but somehow you still want to believe in the fairytale that it will incentivize innovation, instead of this cost saving race to the bottom we’re in now; making the shittiest products with the closest thing to slave labor possible under the rule of law (and if the law gets in the way you can always invest in changing it).
> We can't predict what new technology will come out in 5,10,20,50 years

So let’s bet that it will be sunshine and flowers forever! To hell with responsible investment in maintaining infrastructure, the protection of the environment, and the welfare of the people, technomagic will save the day always! This brief period of exponential growth can’t possibly be an anomaly; truly, despite the fact that empires can always wane unpredictably and the earth is only so big and entropy will always trend towards chaos, man’s ~~hubris~~ monkey brains will allow us to persist wastefully and greedily forever!  Despite the fact that there are not hiring incentives for creating western jobs that aren’t for the purposes of automating all human labor away, we’ll just make up work with the powers of bitcoins in the cloud!!!
Fucking hell are you Lucille Bluth? The kind of people “making 6 figures paycheck to paycheck” are not going to be broken by a $60 video game, it’s not even 1% of their budget. Confusing them with people who are *really poor* is beyond patronizing and out of touch to a level of parody.
Using the electricity provided to them by their uni.
A true libertarian Übermensch would have simply just invented time travel on their free time in between double shifts at the walmart. 
>And if it isnt then we have bigger problems.

A lot of arguments against social safety nets that come from the right and "neo-liberal centrists" claim that the economy is going to grow and invent new and interesting jobs forever. Unless we start investing in space travel, somehow I doubt the economy is going to continue growing *infinitely, forever*. Without some sort of organized large scale fraud, somehow I doubt our economy will continue to grow at the same rate within our own lifetimes.
Somehow I doubt the kind of people living check to check are spending *all* of their free money on video games. In fact, I'm willing to bet that they're even spending it on food!
THE SUFFERING MUST CONTINUE UNTIL MORALE IMPROVES
Nah, all that energy was spent on this morning's abortion thread.
I'd gladly vote for a rumba with a blue pen taped to its case over a republican any day. Why? Because policy fuckin' matters and when push comes to shove that vote will be needed. Sure, I'd much rather vote for a more ideal candidate than a fuckin' rumba, but you have to pee with the cock you got.
Trust me, there will be shirts still available by then.  
Its easier to ask for forgiveness than for permission... 

All you need is a pickup truck, chainsaw, hard hat, and a highviz vest and that wood is yours.
He has a law degree, he has even higher qualifications than the sitting US president.

He could even be a republican federal judge appointee.
Just post "Trump is shit" onto one of the local news' comment section, particularly on an article that doesn't have anything to do with politics. That should flush him out.
This [guy](https://youtu.be/DtRNg5uSKQ0)
Mayor for life
Maybe with some statistical analysis you could demonstrate a trend, but that could take years. By the time you could publish something substantial, these kids would be out of undergrad. 
But where are these devices getting their micro power, terrestrial radio? 
The official car of "whoops can't outrun a radio"
And a steel desk.
Why not install pidgin and run it with an AIM skin?
Yeah, but you can't fit three of them on your desk...
True Courage^TM
Eh, since its a mod, it needs more [colors](https://d1nslcd7m2225b.cloudfront.net/Pictures/780xany/7/9/0/1275790_yellowsubmarine_titleimage1_433750.jpg). Just painting it yellow and throwing some decals up onto what should be colorful and vibrant sub is just half-assing it. 
Why stop there, the kid has the scruples to become a future US president.
> Also, the bible is not a reliable way to determine this issue. Desert wanderers 2,000 years ago don't have the understanding to make moral decisions in modern times.

A boy after my own heart <3
I'm the "Sweet propaganda mate"
They're also anti-sex and believe parenthood is the punishment for it.
>no one is genuinely pro-life?

Maybe not everyone, but most of them are merely *pro-birth*; what happens after the baby leaves the uterus is of little concern to them and something for ~~god~~ the invisible hand of the free market^TM to decide.
I love you bot. ❤️
Where’s a Poem for your Sprog when you need him?
>Reason: Rider was in fighter pilot

More like Astronaut. According to his GPS, OP was going 3x faster than the known record for the SR-71 Blackbird. 
I guess if you have a system to burn for a learning exercise, it could work out, but you'd have to quarantine the HV just like the VMs to be safe.
I dunno, but the Meltdown/Spectre vulnerability makes me doubt the security of the hypervisor of whoever tries this today.
In general, what needs to be done for masking that a given windows installation is running on a VM?
I need this as a bike kit.
In WW1, German snipers could tell who was a British officer by the cut of their riding pants. The British quickly ended this practice in the trenches, I don’t know if it stayed that way into the rest of the 20th century.
Blaming one side isn’t a criticism of “both sides”. Instead you could call it *hypocritical* because you claim that “both sides” are guilty of it.
Okay, about the NYC cop accuracy statistic, it’s not the whole story. What isn’t mentioned is that NYC police departments set the trigger pull of their guns to something ridiculous like 10 lbs. It doesn’t matter how good you are, you’re not hitting the broad side of a barn with a 10 lb trigger pull. The intention is discourage police shootings, but somehow I doubt it is effective.

It’s not that the message was wrong, it’s just that particular statistic is crap.
Is bestiality a common problem among lawyers too nowadays?
>This is one of the best, if not the best case scenarios inside the US

Bullshit. There are a lot of reasons why Acela is half the speed of European trains, but the route and concept isn't one of them, it can be made better. For example, a lot of the trackage on the NE Corridor is the ancient leftovers from the Pennsy days, and could use replacement and upgrades.
Well price can be a factor too, like if tickets were $10 cheaper, they'd be in competition with the megabus, which is a terrible trip now that they stop at state college.
If in doubt, take it to a respected LBS and have them look at it. It might just need a little adjustment or it might need a lot more work; recessed headsets aren't beginner level stuff, so it's worth it to have it looked at by someone with experience.
Rising sea levels would do that to a coastline.
Yeah, *it would have been* a ridiculous tragedy not to move that structure. It was already on stilts! You just need to reinforce the frame and drive the truck under the house, then cut the pylons and take it around the block. 


>Do not reliably stop at crowded points (buses often blow through Forbes-Murray, Forbes-Whiteman, CMU, and Oakland stops. Sure, a bus stops eventually, but still.)

Are the buses full when this happens to you? Because if so it makes sense why they'd blow past you at those stops. 
>it's a complete joke that he is serving as an elected official in any capacity.

He's from Butler, which is a joke of a place.
Gross. Sure, there are plenty of things they can do for modernization, but this redesign is just awful. 
Do they serve it with cold yellow?
>  they value human life more for some reason.

Well other countries do have better heathcare than the US...
Little single pods aren’t cheap to run.
Nonsense, we *love* giving the rich free shit!

With the hyperloop, there’d now be like *12 less cars* on the parkway east, totally worth the trillions it’d cost and forests destroyed to build this boondoggle. It’s trickle down traffic! 
People deserve to be paid fairly and equally for their time and effort, regardless of whether or not you, the customer, thought they smiled enough times, had the right skin color, or showed enough cleavage to make please you, consciously or subconsciously. You believe that you are entitled with the right to lord over your servers, like they are beneath you who must dance to your fickle whims of fancy, when that should not be a decision for you to make.
Oh wow, you know like 3-6 people, congratulations I’m happy for you. It’s good to have friends, but just because your buds are doing well doesn’t disprove my point you self-important bump.
Explains half the content of this sub.
In a vacuum?

The joke is that even in a normal diet, eating 6 whole potatoes per day is ridiculous. The entire food pyramid was a fuck up that people just forgot about. 
>Please take your physics out of a vacuum.

But what if I'm spherical cow?
[Relevant](https://www.reddit.com/r/FriendsofthePod/comments/7xhu9n/transcribed_lovetts_food_pyramid_rant_because/?st=JDN9WYJS&sh=feb821ca)
My one year old nephew can eat pasta without puking, must be our "Italian heritage".
Upvotes for the title alone.
Its 74 degrees tomorrow, so that'd be a good time :P
Which is surprising since it looks like a stiff breeze could knock 6212 down.
Or we can just complain *all the time*!

Its what we do best.
Maybe you should stop internalizing your own self-doubts, the world owes you a lot more than you think.

E: Oh you're an incel too! Explains a lot, sounds like you are a bit entitled bby.
You are the one who is *entitled*, using ignorance and callousness as an excuse to take advantage of society and the lower class. The cost of *your food* is subsidized by the tips far more empathetic people than you give. In your perfect world, the food you eat should then cost at least 15-20% more per item so the owner can afford to pay their staff right. However, if an owner did raise prices and wages out of their own free will, cheap myopic self-important goons like you will go elsewhere to save money (and for the chance to lord over desperate people for your own amusement). Without top down regulation, tipping isn't going anywhere, but if you give a damn about your fellow humans and see them more than slaves or over-glorified vending machines, in the meantime, you should at least help out and tip your servers well if you can.
>If it really is the case that waiting staff would starve if people stopped tipping then people need to campaign for the government to step in and make sure people are paid adequately. 

I dunno if you've noticed but our government has been a bit of a mess lately. In the meantime, you, the customer, should stop being a vindictive self-important ass and start being a part of the solution. Paying people for their time and effort, regardless of whether or not you, the customer, thought they smiled enough times or showed enough cleavage.
> How hard is it?

*Seriously?* When was the last time you got a job, and bonus follow up question what's your color, race and relative age?
...And the increase in the minimum wage for servers hasn't matched the cost of living. 
People deserve some stability in their damned lives ffs. 

Not everybody makes over minimum wage with tips, sure you could make $15/hr on a Friday night, but that doesn't mean much when you're making ~~<$5~~ $7/hr from Monday-Thursday. Not to mention, outside forces from illness to holidays to the weather can determine the number of customers you get during your shift and the hours you work, and hell even if on the side you're giving the best bathroom blow-jobs in the county, no customers means no tips. Such uncertainty can be stressful to say the least when you have regular bills due. 
> I'm not American but the tipping culture over there is ridiculous,

Nobody is saying you should pay a 20% tip outside America you dingus. Really this is an argument to end tipping in America, but if everybody stopped tipping in protest now, waitstaff would starve. If states required restaurants to end pay the waitstaff a consistent real wage tomorrow, tipping could end overnight. 
Sounds like you're being the entitled one here to be honest.
It's called inflation. Their wages aren't going up ether, and they need to eat too.
Since we're on the subject of honesty, why link to a blog that explicitly hates apple-fanboys and not the source material he was [referencing?](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/head-head-apple-homepod-really-sound-best-160346138.html) According to Yahoo fiance, at it's worst the home-pod is merely middle of the road, which of course isn't the *courageous and revolutionary* voice control speaker Apple marketing was dishonestly promising, but it's not going to set your house on fire. Hell, according to the [computer audiophile guy](https://www.computeraudiophile.com/ca/reviews/apple-homepod-review-an-audiophile-perspective-r697/), just said he wouldn't recommend the device to someone outside of the Apple cult.




Have you seen the other half of reddit? This behavior isn't surprising at all.
Conversely, try 5801 for easy victories. 
Is it possible for someone with photoshop skills to volunteer some of their reddit time to turn down the HDR in this photo?
Highland park bridge toasted my [rim.](https://imgur.com/a/IsAOi)
Buy a 10 year old SUV and save up your u-pull-it coupons.
RIP the planet as we know it.
But it’s not just life that gets in the way but your drive and focus can suffer too.

Gaiman’s point was also that he needed to change gears and work on something else because the deadlines and stress and monotony killed his drive and inspiration for the other project. He wanted something new. Fans expect Martin to finish his work, and I don’t begrudge them of that, but he has been working on it for what 40 years now? That’s a *long time* to be working on the same project.  I don’t begrudge Martin for wanting to quit, either, but some mutual honesty between the fans and the author needs to happen.

Martin wrote a check he could not cash, and the fans were unrealistic enough to believe him.
And Germans, lots of compound words in German.
And you can install Linux or windows 8.1 instead of 10.
Well that sucks.
Wait, so are you using the free version of windows 10 or a paid version?
How’s the dongle life?
The comment is coming from *inside the house!!!*
There are potholes in the potholes!
I dented my rim on the northern side of highland park bridge in January, but luckily for me my car is a decade old GM Daewoo with steel rims. All I had to do was traipse through a junkyard for 2 hours and spend $50 to swap and install the rim.  If you’re on a tight budget it doesn’t hurt to check and see what the local u-pull-it has available.
I didn’t know butt rubs were valuable.
>it's just a phase

Come on, its gotta be:

>It's just a *phrase*
Comments =/= Posts, by all means freely shitpost in the comments.
>great way to never have (m)any posts.

*Mission Accomplished*

If you want to post other stuff, try a more relevant sub.
Potatoes are fine "in moderation", but this is America and moderation isn't allowed. Besides potatoes are not necessary for a healthy and balanced diet, so if cutting them out entirely works for someone, it isn't a big deal. 
Not to mention, unlike *Stacy from Math class*, Mr. Parking-lot-person would never judge you for smells or looks; it'd basically be the pot calling the kettle high.
Do they accept back rubs as "favors"?
>bitcoin is secure in that its a little harder to track transactions than normal currency

That is nonsense, the fundamental design of bitcoin requires all transactions to be public and open. The only reason why bitcoin was safer for illegal purchases in the past was because of its relative *obscurity*, which any dingus who passed a CS course with a C- should be able to tell you *is not* security. 

Unless you want to orchestrate a legendary scam (I wonder...), bitcoin will never be "secure". It you want anonymity, you can't beat some dirty cash in a shoebox. 
Did DeRay mention or talk about that event?

If not, *would you like* DeRay or Ana or Lovett or the other pod bros to talk about the alliance between labor and BLM? (I suspect that this it what you really want)

If the answer is no to both questions, than its not really relevant to this specific subreddit.
A podcast sponsored by crooked media, which therefore belongs here.
The problem is focus and mission creep; this isn't a "progressive subreddit", this is a subreddit about a progressive podcast. Although you could make a reasonable argument for threads and articles which suggest topics for crooked to talk about belong here too. However, there are dozens of subreddits which cover progressive topics like blm and labor issues and only one sub which talks about the output of crooked media.
It’s not in the pod nor mentioned in the pod.
He's a bad haggler too, you'd think a senate seat is worth at least 6 figures. 
> I really don't understand why people have to get up in arms about frog postage that's clearly lacking in any malicious intent.

Because the internet is where nuance goes to die.
Yeah Pittsburgh has maybe [a third](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pennsylvania_metropolitan_areas) of the population Philly has.

Probably less, here's a doodle I made for scale: http://mapfrappe.com/?show=52009
Isn't it risky to keep the rack near the dryer? I'd be worried about all the lint.
Yeah, if there was one thing about the queer space in Pittsburgh, is that it isn't particularly big. 

However, relative to Philly, Pittsburgh itself isn't that big either so this isn't really surprising nor an indictment against the city.
Be vegan?
However one bugaboo I have with wired ear-phones is that in the past decade, manufacturers, especially apple, have gotten cheaper with the cabling, using hair-thin strands of copper. These cables break much fast than older versions and are irreparable. 
Man if only there were little wires you could use to charge your wireless headphones while you used them. Maybe have the wire connect directly to the phone so that you can use your *$160* headphones on the go.

One can only dream I guess.
Can you use a superconductor as a battery?
Another reason for a bluemidterm ;)
Bbbut Alex Jones said the cloud people demand fresh organs for sustenance! /s


These ~~kids~~ *stable intellectuals* can fuck off back to Chapo. You don’t think I know about the healthcare industry’s involvement in the ACA? Was this a *shocking* revelation to you?

The Obama administration did what they had to do and work with who they had to get something done. This is America, you can’t just sign the death warrant to a multibillion dollar industry and expect to keep your job by the next dawn.

Your patronizing “wokeness” isn’t spreading knowledge, nor is it spreading facts which weren’t already public record, you are all just shitposting. I have little patience to argue with a shitposter right now.
And there are about 6 average haircuts too, hell you can practically them sum up using republican senators:

1. The Paul Ryan
2. The Ted Cruz
3.  The Davin Nunes
4. The Jeff Flake
5. The Blake Farenthold
6. The buzzcut 
No.

Because you don't know what you're talking about and you expect me to change my entire worldview because of links to some crackpots and hacks. You can stuff it.
I recommend you use lube when you stuff your ass.
Oh geez the FBI has a history, every organization with a history that long does. What does that have to do with Mueller and his staff?
You are an idiot if you sincerely believe that merely being on an advisory board for some think tank as a favor to a friend makes someone a "shill" for an entire industry. 
Go home to CouchoTokeHouse you loon.
I think CrapoTrashHouse orchestrated a coup behind our backs...
Yeah what happened to John (not lovett)?
Lol that's not how workplace culture functions. If he refused to use the equipment, his boss would find somebody else who was dumb/complacent enough to do so. All that guy can do was complain to management or lose his job, and management will tell him to shut up because it was only "temporary". Those planes were going to fly one way or another, and Peter probably believed he had enough experience to keep those planes from flying into each other, unlike the scab fresh off the street who'd take his place. A different rookiee/overworked coworker (because firing Peter would make them understaffed) would still have let those planes fly into each other, the circumstances were out of the ATC's control regardless of who was at that console.
OP and friends are from ChapoTrapHouse, anyone less than the ghost of Che Guevara might as well be the exact same person as Trump to them. 
Chapo go home.
>LLI keeps "The Russia Stuff" segment to a timed three minutes

Its supposed to be timed to 2 minutes, but honestly 3 minutes wouldn't hurt in a practical sense, there is a lot going on. However, it being supposed to be two minutes long is a part of the joke.
/r/applesucks
No I get that you were joking. Its just that resorting to appealing to morality alone is a fool's game. Instead you can easily use real data and facts to solidify, and prove, your argument well before you even have to address the hydra of complexity and contradiction that is a population's "moral values".
>and weren't even good at

Somehow I doubt that toking up and complaining everyday would make you a better fighter-pilot.
Judging by when you wrote this I'm guessing the school day just ended in your timezone.
> who were obsessing over the same 3 movies

I guess its important to distinguish between fans of the *films* and fans of the *franchise* and fans of the *mythology*. 
:P

>This is why all the Lastest Star Wars movies have to spend as much time jamming in references to the previous ~~stories~~

Not really, they don't have too many narrative references to the earlier movies and other material (btw, if it didn't cost 100 mil to make, to the writers of the new movies,  its trash), which is what superfans really want. What they do have is *lots* of thematic references (shape of the spaceships, Yoda is a stupid puppet again, TFA was a remake of SW:ANH), which leads me to believe this isn't really pandering the "dedicated" fans, but to the casual film goer who wants to see the same shallow original three films over and over again, ad-infinitum. 
>The Universe has become too bloated and complicated to work in a movie format.

It was that way before TF~~W~~A with the EU. IIRC, TF~~W~~A was supposed to be a soft reboot to clean all that out, but in my opinion JJ Abrams fucked it all up with his hacky mystery-box crap. For all its problems and faults, TLJ was better than TFA,  because at least it was a more straight forward and unique story. However, Rian smashed all of JJ's silly little boxes to actually make something compelling, and I doubt they know what to do with this mess next. (My suggestion: bring back the Dern)
Don't even surrender the *implication* that torture "might" work. 

That's the rub, people who argue for torture argue that it offers results and therefore it is more moral to protect the lives of "good people" than to defend the human rights of "bad people". A moral argument alone doesn't work with them, because then you start quibbling about some trolley-problem moral dilemma derailing into the weeds. The *explicit* point that I want to hammer home is that "torture simply does not work". Everything else is merely subjective smoke and mirrors. Its not worth the ethical and legal compromises required; it isn't worth the time, money, and materials required; it simply does not get results promised. Its a just scam for unimaginative and horrible people to justify their horribleness and thirst of vengeance to unimaginative scared/tired/ambivalent people. Modern intelligence and law enforcement have far more clever and effective psychological tools in their toolboxes than torture, methods which are surprisingly more humane than you'd think. 


Even for a "good cause" torture doesn't fucking work; people will admit to anything, no matter how ludicrous, just to end their suffering or, they will galvanize their convictions and endure it out of spite and hopes for martyrdom. Anyone openly advocating for torture is either an ignorant moron or a blood-thirsty goon. 
"Torture is fine when it's done in the name of my ideology!" - Dick Cheney and CTH

These clowns read like the writers of 24.
Except for SRD announcements, which is just an invitation to shitpost wildly and randomly.
>spend time off their bikes

Blasphemy. 
Do they allow hand-cycles on a track? You know with some engineering this guy could be a god with a 2 wheel drive bike.
Still not as much upper body strength as the OP tho, there's a reason why even the most buff riders don't look like John Cena. 
The trick is to figure out how to use the legs the cycling gods gave you to do the tasks you'd think were meant for hands. 
Time for everyone to take their pants off and start jousting.
So can anyone eli5 why you can’t parse html with regex? Is it because there are so many possibilities for valid html?
Hey, she’s been flashing her boobs for free for *years*. I dunno OP, her offer seems duplicitous, I’ll give 5 honest American Dollars for the laptop.
Will there ever be a fan edit of the hobbit? Like take the material from all 3 movies, and cut 70% of the bullshit out to make a 90 minute fun little movie that’s truer to the book.
Dude it’s just porn for Moms. Just like the porn the average redditor is into, 50 shades’ narrative has some very problematic elements, but that doesn’t mean the underserved Mom demographic can’t get their jollies off too. 
I’m not joking about the bus. If you wanna take it easy, just cruise into downtown, and then take the 41 or 31 into bridgeville with your bike on the rack. From bridgeville ride your fixie to your final destination.

The south hills are no joke, and once you get outside the bikepgh bike map you’ll find that everything from the people to the topography to the pavement is unfriendly if not downright inhospitable to bikes. Not to mention, it’s February, there is still plenty of snow outside, you wanna take a 30 mph decent in slush? ...In a fixie, with slicks probably? While it’s certainly doable to explore for fun, in good conditions, if you expect to get things done today I’d try to minimize as many variables as possible.
>Live in Pittsburgh 

>only has one gear

>wants to go outside the shadyside-Oakland plateau.

>in the snow 


[Lol](https://youtu.be/ztVMib1T4T4)

Seriously tho, just roll down the hill and take the bus the rest of the way.
>The reason why power companies don't like these is the possibility of linemen on the telephone pole getting electrocuted by the power you're feeding into your house. 

if I recall correctly, the proper term is called “back feeding”. If you do it wrong, your powering the outside world with 120/240v along with your house. Linemen, the people who fix downed power lines, assume the part of the network that’s off and is going to stay off, but if your dumb ass powers up the grid without the crew knowing about it, you can easily kill the linemen who are fixing your neighborhood’s electricity. I hope it is obvious to you as to why the power company wants their repairmen to be alive and safe.
That's some cards against humanity shit right there.
He had a family!
>from my understanding if the Power company catches you using one on a job where it has been connected to the grid then things will get nasty.

The reason why power companies don't like these is the possibility of linemen on the telephone pole getting electrocuted by the power you're feeding into your house. Its possible to use this safety, you just throw the master breaker to your house off and the circuit *should* be disconnected from the mains; but I completely understand why the power companies and regulators don't trust idiots using these and have strict rules about them. 

Not to mention there is an obvious risk of electrocution to yourself when the plug is hot with the powered prongs exposed.


But that's not the point. No company should ask of that from their employees even if freely given, its both immoral *and* risky. Long nights happen but it should not be the excepted cultural norm of the company. 
> Those engineers put up with the crappy working conditions and long hours needed to succeed because they believe in that vision and are putting their lives into making it come true.

That *is* exploitation, and not just engineers but many employees in Elon's companies are being worked to the bone. I too believe in Musk's vision*, but it absolutely should not be at the cost of the welfare of his employees, even if they want to be there.

\* Specifically of space travel and electric cars, his position against public transit is ignorant and offensive.
They're just SPD's with flats I think. 
Sounds like the makings of another LS swap project, not for the power but just to have an engine who won't catch fire on the M5(?).
> Perhaps the slow return to base was due to ...

...engine trouble? That's what the article literally said. They probably sailed out there, saw the stage and said "welp, we can't bring this back". Then lo and behold for some reason the engine was broken, which can easily happen to boats, so they begin the process of limping home. Along the way SpaceX kindly asked the Air Force to keep an eye on it, and blow it up *after* the crippled boat was a safe distance away from the stage. 


Put the web traffic/pfsense/ssh/smb logs on the array, and keep the disk logs on boot drive, assuming the disk logs have less frequent writes than web traffic and other fluff.
And your IP address is where you live. :P It'd be stupidly easy to fake a watermark like that, whatever format you do.

Using AI to face-swap videos, the cat's out of the bag now, facts are dead. You might as well enjoy the Nicholas Cage gifs now while the sun rises on our brave new world.
The difference is Trump wishes he was even half as fit as Mayor Biff.
Or fight a [war](https://youtu.be/5JI-UC_Osg8) there
Here's my S P A C E P H A L L U S
I dunno man, the universe is really big. 
They swear that the litter is totally [flushable](https://www.worldsbestcatlitter.com/clearing-the-air/2014/07/is-worlds-best-cat-litter-flushable/), but it probably depends on your own septic system and local regulations.
Have you tried flushable cat litter? Just keep the box next to the toilet, and when you flush, you flush away the sifts at the same time. You just need to get into the habit of sifting litter after you poop, so it seems like less of a chore.
Capitalism.txt
However, the one thing I'd worry about is whether these services actually treat their staff right. You know, like pay them a living wage with benefits and shit. I'd rather pay more for that (or pay the person directly).
No, point the logs to a directory on the array.
Why not point the logs to disk?
> Not necessarily, insurance can still exist in an individual market with *perfect information* where you only buy insurance for scenarios that could plausibly happen to you. 

...Soooo, in your own words, an "individual insurance market" can only work if you assumed everybody involved was *clairvoyant*? Looks like you just conceded your entire point in the first sentence. Thanks for making it easy for us, bb. 

Eh, you can not be a fan of his opinions on exploiting labor and disparaging public transit, but the man can sure build and manage a team for landing a fuckin' rocket on its butt.
The center core is a *reusable learning experience*.
Oh they complained about those too when steam first came out. Valve or Microsoft, its still shitty and anticompetitive, no matter which way you slice it. Steam got away with it because it evolved into a superior pc game store, until about 2013. 
I want more jobs too, but cutting taxes for multinational corporations has never, ever, been the way to do it, and the jobs that we get would from Amazon simply will not benefit the city enough or in the ways expected to make the price worth it. Its a raw deal built on a sleazy flawed ideology and fairy-tales. 
I'm not a fan of Pittsburgh and Padoodles whoring themselves out to Amazon, but if in exchange for getting Amazon we have statewide protections for LGBTs in the workplace, I'd be happy with that.
I tried to replicate the siege of alesia in SW: GB editor once, the game crashed and I got bored. Also the movie who inspired me to do it failed to mention that neither Cesar nor the Gauls had flight capabilities in 1^st century BC, whereas the Star Wars combatants did. Maybe I'll try again with AoE 2 to avoid that.
Despite what Reagan era neoliberal horse-poop you believe, Amazon is not out to help this city, nor any other city for that matter. This whole charade is a scam for Amazon to dodge local and state taxes and for dodgy developers to raise property values to ludicrous amounts. Which btw, will further destabilize the local population both black and white.
"It's not a Star Destroyer, but it'll do"
>but what would you expect from a company that wants to sell its operating system.

That's an explanation, not a justification for a monopoly. I don't blame anybody for complaining about this, but really the only thing they can do to fight this is not buy the game. (And vote for politicians who aren't craven corporate sycophants, but I digress)
>since the only "Age of X" game I ever liked was Mythology.

Galactic Battlegrounds Saga or GTFO.
That or if you *really wanted* to film Uma driving, you re-engineer the scene to be safer. Like maybe drive slower or not use a narrow dirt road like its fuckin rally cross or not use a 40 year old bug that languished in some hippy's garage. This is completely on Tarantino.
Either end LGBT discrimination in PA *or* keep Amazon out of Pittsburgh? Sounds like a win-win to me.
Philly expat chiming in: Philly has a proud history of being the worst sports fans in North America. It seriously got so bad that they set up a court in the stadium. Now, you’d think that would be embarrassing, but Philly sort of has an ouroboros of a toxic sports culture. This can be summed up by two reasons: 

1. Philadelphians are usually terrible and cranky people. 

2. Every generation of drunk fans both signals that such behavior is okay and they need to push the envelope harder. 

40 years of this crap compounding upon itself and finally they went full soccer hooligan.
A better question would be is why doesn’t the dongle have *both* a headphone jack and a lightening plug? It doesn’t have to carry data, just be powered. That way you can still both listen to your headphones and charge your phone when the irreplaceable battery eventually wears out.
Courageous!
I still don't know if these centrist-meme subs are serious or parodies of themselves.
I'm surprised that you never bothered to upgrade to at least 500gb IDEs in the 10+ years you owned the buffaloes.
Well you need to keep Philly fans specifically in their own room. 
Philly has a proud tradition of being the worst sports fans in America. 
Hannity does not deserve such courtesy. Nothing he says has any substance beyond bamboozling racist old white people into unquestionably supporting a bunch of incompetent fascist clowns and criminals so they can fleece the federal government and American economy for all its worth. And it’s working. That LEGO headed clown deserves all ridicule he gets.

To add, PSA does get into some substance about Hannity's rant, but they rightfully don't take him on directly because what Hannity is saying is Alex Jones nonsense. Their point is that Hannity is merely a useful cog in the "right wing conspiracy theory/white supremacist talking points to public discourse laundering scheme", to treat Hannity seriously is to give his babble credibility.
Truly it’s the reason Trump won.
Hey, wait a minute “students sing to celebrate” was in Pittsburgh.
With courage, of course.
What now?
Nah bro, Pittsburgh only gets trashed for Kenny Chesney concerts, and it’s non consensual.

Oakland maybe, but that’s just Philly kids at Pitt who aren’t used to winning.
It’s a shame a turnpike bowl hasn’t ever happened.
Not true, he's still preaching: https://www.biblebaptist.net/staff

>Almost every church would never tolerate this type of behavior

Lol, "almost every"? Your sense of scale is skewed. 

Perhaps many churches would not tolerate such violence coming out publicly from the pulpit today, but if you think such actions are intolerable privately, then you're just flat out ignorant of American evangelical dogma. The corporal punishment of children for even the smallest slight has been baked into that cake since the Civil War.
I can understand the shock of hearing that the first time kept people quiet until the sermon was over, but the fact that the guy is still preaching there today means that this church is okay with this guy's "alleged" actions. 
Just a bad apple guys, no trends to see here.
>Seems if it was a made up story he would have used that card to play it off like a parable to lower the heat on himself, though who knows.

These are evangelicals we're talking about, lying on the pulpit to the flock would be a far greater sin to them than beating a kid.  
So they're basically the German version of sovereign citizens?
Then who was Konrad Von Hotzendorf?
>NB: “listen” doesn’t mean the same thing as “bow to the dictates of.”

I couldn't have said it better myself, but to add it always bugs me to see a minority leftist use their minority status as an ace up their sleeve in a discussion about policy, politics, w/e and shut down a discussion. 

I'm sorry, while minorities and people of color deserve to have their voices heard, and perhaps disproportionately more so nowadays in order to correct for the centuries that they were silenced in our culture, that does not make them experts in politics, economics, logistics, mathematics, medicine, public health, engineering, foreign policy, industrial design, agriculture, sociology, psychology... 

Like them being a queer person of color doesn't erase my right as a boring ol' white guy to call anarchism stupid nonsense without any basis in reality. If they don't like that, show some expertise or we're just shitposting.
You'd think Nazis would learn from WW2 and work on their code making skills after the Polish and British schooled those clowns and infiltrated their entire secret infrastructure by the end of the war. 

But they can't learn from their mistakes because investing effort into information security quite literally undermines their entire ideology. Like to assume that their adversary is possibly both more clever and smarter than they are, in order to develop good countermeasures, is to admit that there exists people who are both smarter, cleverer, and more driven than white Germanic males in the party. They can't have that, because they're the "master race", so they shove their heads up their butts and believe what farts come out are pure strategic genius.
>this has great pasta potential

Isn't that the point of manifestos? 


I get his point, calling *literally everyone* who isn't an anarchist or a tankie a nazi, cheapens the term. However this guy is bringing it too far in the other direction; "1488" is essentially today's swastika, and her racist rhetoric hammers the point completely home. She *is* a Nazi, no ifs, ands, or buts about it.
M 8
I don't think your morning commute counts as "playing F1". :P
It turns out worms can handle concussions well.
If this was a TV show we'd accuse the writers of being hacks and using lame and obvious metaphors. 
I bet it smells like 40 years worth of an acedemic's pipe tobacco.
> radial engine

No no NO. Think airplane, not Mazda. 
I want to subscribe to more tiger gifs.
Define "function with other people", because doing what you're told and/or giving people simple, straightforward commands is quite literally all that many jobs require.
[Praise be to the sun](https://youtu.be/iFca32_7YUU)
I read that as Seismic Satiation, which is fitting I guess.
>Where on earth do these people get the strength of their convictions, if I had that kind of confidence I'd run for president

Don't let your dreams be dreams bb
>Sun worshippers in disguise 

[MFW](https://youtu.be/iFca32_7YUU)
"What's a computer?"

Something that can keep partially typed messages persistent in memory dispite switching between several applications. 
If you don't fight it now you risk letting other eye-turds show up and ruin the city's unique skyline. Fighting this to the bitter end is 100% worth the money.
>cyclist had his lock in his hand as a weapon ... that’s illegal.

~~Not really,~~ Maybe not, PA has the "stand your ground" laws too.

>a person in any lawful place outside his home “has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his ground and use force, *including deadly force* if . . . (he) believes it is immediately necessary to do so to protect himself against death, serious bodily injury, kidnapping, or sexual intercourse by force or threat.” (18 PA consolidated statutes 505(b)(2.3))."

With the video it'd be easier to prove who's the aggressor, but it could still be a crap-shoot given that many prosecutors are not huge fans of SYG and probably don't want to legitimatize the law with legal precedent. 

Edit: Looking a little more, SYG [might not](https://www.philadelphiacriminalattorney.com/stand-your-ground-laws-pennsylvania/) be a slam dunk.

>However, under Pennsylvania law, there is a caveat to this law. Unless the threatening party is an intruder in your home or your vehicle, a simple threat of violence or feeling of danger is not enough to justify force. There must be a reasonable expectation of immediate danger. In Pennsylvania, this means that a deadly weapon, such as a gun or knife, must be visible and accessible for immediate use.

Since the driver was a bigger, angrier guy and a car can be a deadly weapon, the cyclist can maybe keep it in his favor, but I wouldn't blame him for talking to his own attorney (if he can afford one) before he presses charges.
"Very fine people"
>Not so when they or their buddies are

...obstructing justice, committing fraud, not paying contractors and then suing them, laundering money for the mob, rape, colluding with hostile foreign governments, pergury...

but no your parents not affording some paperwork 30 years ago is beyond the pale and will collapse society!!!
Yes.
/r/circlebroke2 hates sex more than themselves.
> couldn’t win against a fucking turnip.

Well she won the popular vote against that turnip...
> Kid is old enough to know the difference between right and wrong. 

You say that, but then teens eat tide pods for memes and karma.
The conservative representatives in the house are wackos, and the state houses are worse.
I wonder how these "upstanding citizens" would respond to such serious crimes like speeding and internet piracy.
Ahh yes the heinous crime of having the wrong paperwork. 
>News and worldnews are not neutral. That’s laughable 

Malicious slander! Of course /r/news is neutral. It holds an even hand towards the affairs of straight white men! :P
What are those brifters?
Reddit alone probably wasn't enough, but I have no doubt that is was important cog in the "nazi shitpost laundering" scheme.

At first Stormfront, Alex Jones, or Brietbart spew some trash online. Alt right subreddits, facebook groups, *chan, and twitter pick it up and restate it as fact. All the while, these softer nazis will mingle and share their insights with their more traditional republican friends, collegues and family members both on the internet and, believe it or not, in real life. Then "soft-right" and traditional internet groups claim that "some people are saying" this trash in a more sanitized form. Fox news and Drudge will then claim that "the base" believes it, and then the more mainstream media outlets will pander to "the base" because white supremacists in bumfuck nowhere are still a profitable demographic. After a few months of this the overton window has shifted to the point we have to fight people over whether on not Mexicans are human.
You say that, but I suspect that for them, "defending the supremacy of the white race" is a worthy use of their time.
That could just be a sampling bias tho, when a sub send's their drama, they aren't sending their best...
Also pretty ignorant too. Despite what the proto-nazis on the_dipshit want you to believe, a person, legal or otherwise, within the boundaries of the united states are [mostly](http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2017/mar/29/florida-immigrant-coalition/do-undocumented-immigrants-have-constitutional-rig/)\* entitled to the same rights as a citizen of the united states.

\*Not within 100 miles of the border. However, even a full citizen doesn't have their 4th amendment rights within 100 miles of the border, because of spooky terrorism and Nixon's drug war.
I smell a brigade...
I once tried talking my department into buying winrar, but they didn't want to because they had already licensed securezip which is fucking broken. So I continue to use unpaid winrar for "personal use"; someday I'll buy it tho, but I keep forgetting.
You can always wank to pictures of Kevin Spacey for free.
[SNEK ME](https://pics.me.me/snake-me-up-snake-me-up-inside-i-cant-snake-3062598.png)
You can tell its still open when gas prices are more than $2/gal.
Wow, a person goes onto /r/unpopularopinion with an actual unpopular opinion. I guess I've now seen everything.
Nah, what should happen is we crowd fund a ticket for ElectroBOOM to visit one of this kids shows, then during the Q and A, have ol' Boom give this kid the beans. Better yet, since this is TedX, raise funds for ElectroBOOM to be the speaker immediately following this kid, and BOOM's speech be just about why free-energy claims are a scam.
If this has a headphone jack I'd totally buy it.
The Union Jack still needs its bottom imo, the blue continuing downward when its obviously not supposed to throws everything off. 
>Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds
I wonder if it has something to do with their linage. Like if orange already runs in the family, the little blackies are more likely to have an orange undercoat too.
If his house is forced air, with some clever hacking he could probably heat his house with that rack and never have to fire up the heater until the coldest parts of the winter.
Not to mention the performance you can squeeze out of R710 or newer can easily blow away 3 of the best 2950's combined. If you're paying for the electricity, the best thing you can do for your budget is virtualize those dinosaurs onto some newer hardware asap.
You can't be serious, obviously Black Southerners supported a 15% increase to the capital gains tax.
Its all wibbily wobbly.
Looks like someone needs a lint roller.
It goes in a flat circle obviously.
But morals are fiat!
I bet he compiles Gentoo from source.
Amateur hour 
To be honest, the city has done a poor job of staying on top of road infrastructure too this winter.
Kid spouts bullshit, and ElectroBOOM calls him out on it. 
>Is there a possibility that dems fold? Of course. But let’s not count them out yet. 

I am absolutely not optimistic about this. Why? Because the Democratic base believes in a functioning government and the libertarian base within the republican party doesn't. The Republicans have the Democrats by the balls there, every day the government is not working demoralizes and spites more Democrats than it does Republicans. In fact the Racist factor within this debate will probably embolden the Republican base. 

Republicans can just sit around and lie about things until the Dems cave, and the Dems will cave. They have too many pet projects and important social programs that rely on premise of a federal government existing. Then come March, jackbooted ICE storm-troopers will violently round up about 800,000 people who's only crime is that their parents couldn't afford some paperwork, while the senate Dems get to sit cozily in D.C. doing the rounds on CNN crying that ol' Turtle Soup is a cheat. 

E: Quite frankly, a government which expels the dreamers is not a government worth funding. I'd like to think that Dems who believe that expelling the Dreamers is unjust would never vote to fund the government again until trump is out of office or unilateral amnesty is given to those Dreamers. But I'm realistic in knowing the Dem leadership are ultimately made up of cowards and fools. 
> now their message is "Mitch McConnell lied to us."

That’ll be small comfort to the dreamers being carted away by jack booted ICE agents in the middle of the night. I have little confidence that there are enough Dems in the senate with the spine needed to stand for their rhetoric, values, and principles, shutting down the government and to keep it shut down until a vote is cast.
It bugs me that the categories and the category colors are not consistent for bikes vs cars. It needlessly makes it less obvious and therefore harder to read and disingenuous.

We should do a gofundme or something to buy /u/melector a ticket to one of this kid's future gigs, and then give this kid the beans when the QA happens. 
>Saving the planet" and innovating our way out of fossil fuels is highly political.

Unfortunately it is, but you don't need free energy wahoos for that, we have solar! This is just plain old idiocy and classic showmanship with a cute face.
> even as a politician himself.

Well there is no doubt that this little punk has enough charisma for the job.
Oh shit, paint one pepto-bismol pink and it'd be perfect.
> Donald "Two Corinthians" Trump has hoodwinked a demographic of Americans

Not really, these people know exactly who they voted for, a racist who will violently suppress both Islam and people of color foreign and domestic.
That doesn’t mean human lefties are secretly naturally ambidextrous.

By necessity I’m sure many lefties are *learned* ambidextrous, and that alone can skew the results of an arm “strength test”.

Like if you got a left handed construction worker, who used a right handed circular saw and other tools his entire life, surely that would muddle a strength test. Sure you can control for him as an outlier, but my point is that in the modern human society, every lefty would be in the same situation. I’m skeptical that you’d get any reliable data in the modern world. We’re not out in the woods picking berries here, we’re using tools and opening doors and surprisingly still facing prejudice today.
Not necessarily. Lefties live in a right handed world, so what hand we learn to do specific tasks with can be influenced by the environment. Like if your classroom only has right handed scissors and computer mice, or your dad’s house only has right handed power tools, then you’re going to have learn how to be somewhat ambidextrous pretty quick or that job isn’t getting done. 

At least for me, by adulthood I’ve grown to have a passing proficiency in both hands for many tasks. But that doesn’t mean I am naturally ambidextrous, I still prefer to use my left. However, at this point in my life I am not nearly as skilled in my left with a given task than my right, not to mention left hand specific tools can be expensive and hard to find, so I have to use my right at times even if it’s weaker or weird.
I’m not convinced, you have to remember all lefties live in a right handed world, and that environment can influence how often we use which hand merely for practical reasons outside our control.
Source: Ken M
TIL casinos and law firms hire welders as customer service staff.

Look, I’m not saying that a neck tattoo makes your life *easier*, what I’m saying is that it isn’t the end of your professional life. 
It's a step too early, its like forcing users to go to DVD in 1999.
Nah, obviously the whole appeal of buying all Apple is to look like an elitist snob. (/s, mostly)
Basically, you could just say the Uni was being both lazy and wasteful. 
That just means that the kind of person who works at McD's merely correlates with the kind of person who'd get a neck tattoo. The sample size of "your life" doesn't define the real world, and there are many jobs that exist which aren't at McD's or your office. 
>Buy a USB C flash drive.

How about you buy one for every coworker you know so they can share stuff with you. Nah you can fuck yourself with your C drive, but you might need a dongle. ;) 


>A neck tattoo is a career ending mistake lol

That's a cultural problem, not a personal one. Unless you're living in some bible humping region, their career path isn't in law or teaching, and said neck tattoo isn't gang affiliation or nazi symbolism, many people simply aren't going to give a shit.

"oh no, my phone tech support operator/outsourced web developer/programmer/welder/plumber/crane operator has a neck tattoo, what a scandal!"

>I said ostracize.

Do you know what words mean? Ostracize: exclude (someone) from a society or group.

Even if the world comes down hard on the person with the neck tat, don't you think punishing them *twice*, by both the world and the family, is excessive? Surely if you want them to correct their "mistakes", you'd at least keep them within circle of family support.
Needing to use an adaptor == being incompatible.

You're just being a ridiculous fanboy. You shouldn't need a dongle to use a usb key. 
If you're going to abandon your kid over what you consider to be a cosmetic mistake, you might be the problem. In other words, *you* sir are the shitty person in this situation.
Its a feature for Apple's quarterly financial reports.
>It's vastly superior in a dozen ways. 

Like what, being incompatible with 95% of everything you own, and 100% of the rest of the world?

It's not a bad idea to use C, but what they should do is have both, so you know, you can still connect to other computer hardware. 
>Why would you need a second set when you can just place the dongle that also came with your device? 

What is this the 90's? The prevailing trend was to make technology more universal and inter-operative, not proprietary and bulky. 
Think Dongles.
Not to mention, Apple has committed to removing the headphone jack on the iPhones, yet keeping them on their laptops. So now, if you got the stupid stock lightening headphones, you need a second set of real headphones if you want to listen to something privately on two different Apple devices. 

Or you could buy their Airpods at $150... it sounds like either severe incompetence or a clever scam. 
Literally *anything* can do that *and* be less than a third of the price of a dongle-book.
TIL the macbook air is still for sale.
Can't run linux on an ipad. 
1b. Make that second USB port type A for christsakes. There is not reason for forcing a single type C port other than to sell stupid dongles.
A shitty family, that’s who.
Also, don’t forget, a family who ostracizes a member for something petty like a tattoo probably isn’t really supportive in general. Which isn’t good for mental health in the first place.
>Republicans spent an entire year 

You mean an entire *decade*, they haven't changed since the Obama years.
Not really its more like saying "we refuse to fund a government that deports dreamers." 

The difference is, the Republicans have full control of the 3 branches of government, if the GOP wanted the government to function they could do it before sundown, without a single Dem vote. The only reason why the Dems are relevant is the GOP is such a nazi shithouse right now that they can't even work with themselves. Regardless the Democrats do not need to be complicit in deporting the Dreamers, it is bewildering to see them fold like this, let the GOP clean itself up or let the Dreamers stay.
Shutdown the government, and let it rot until Republicans can honor the deal they promised or court the crazier members of their own party.

To keep this government functioning so it can deport the dreamers is to be 100% complicit and supportive of their deportation. The question right now is "do senate Democrats value human lives over stability"? Right now, I'm worried that the Dems are cowards.
Your analysis doesn't add up. Jones voters were almost entirely the Alabama Dem base, the same numbers who turned out and voted blue since Bill Clinton. Based on the numbers, the "Alabama independents who voted for trump" stayed home for that election.
The truth is the congresspeople are doing their job perfectly. Half of congress has been tasked by the people to give the dreamers a vector for legal citizenship and is willing to compromise for it, and the other half has been tasked by some wealthy racist benefactors to destroy the government.

E: hell they might even deserve a raise!
🎶 *The cirrrrrcle of liiifffeee* 🎶
But, just like the guy above you, *you* can't speak for everyone. Even if you did know about how he handled it, it doesn't mean such a technique could work for you. People handle things differently for better or worse, depending on who they are and the situation they're in.
>justifying saying "this is about race"

First of all, I never said that, what I am justifying is asking "*Is* this about race?" which is a very different thing. The /r/space mods seem to believe that the mere questioning and speculation of NASA and the executive's racial motives is pure heresy, which is absurd, especially considering musings about her being grounded for dumb reasons like being a former CIA agent or pregnant at 49 were still kosher topics in that thread.

> they have a lot more plausible deniability than the people wanting to lynch Obama

Of course, reddit's preemptive response to questions of NASA crew decisions is merely tangential with the_dipshits who want to lynch a former president, and at this point I'm probably just ranting. However, any hiring decisions done by an agency under Trump's executive branch deserve considerably less benefit of the doubt than other previous administrations, even less than W Bush.


There is plenty of circumstantial evidence to be suspicious of their motives and demand answers from NASA. Quite frankly their reputation as an institution is at stake and to be milquetoast about it is to be complicit in this, if it is about race.
Despite the average Redditor’s exhalations NASA absolutely is not immune from the politics of Washington. Not to mention this shithole administration has done far more racist things in the recent past, and has no sense of professionalism, ethics, or even the simple competence to cover up their misdeeds. I definitely find it plausible that someone within that White House made the call to ground her as soon as they learned about her mission.
Why would an incompetent, racist presidential administration ground the first female black astronaut to visit the ISS? Truly, it is a mystery for our age.
That same bullshit was all over /r/space today when the to-be first African-American ISS crew member was grounded today for unknown reasons. 

Lots of turds floating around the punch-bowl screaming that the "real racism is from those who are worried that she was grounded for race."
They may be sorry, but I'd bet money that next dem administration won't recognize it as a genocide either. 
Oh man, this administration do something insane? That would never happen, nope, some *very stable geniuses* are in charge. 
Exactly, like it or not, benign or otherwise, this decision was not made in a vacuum. NASA is certainly not immune from the politics of the country and the white house, so whatever decision they make is going to be viewed from that lens. They have to clear this ambiguity up and give a reason now or NASA's reputation will be forever tarnished.
> What do astronauts do when they're not in space?

Lots of stuff, even grounded they're experts on both the station and the active missions and experiments going on up there, who can be easily consulted upon. Besides there is PR and educational work to be done, and plenty of pet projects on the side.
>  It just screams function over form.

Not really, a car where you need to short the windows to open isn't prioritizing function. At that point, either the windows shouldn't open at all, or you fix the switches.
>find a nice 12v 40/70/92mm delta and under volt it to 5v

Or you can use a 12v supply and a hacked car adapter to power the Pi and disk.
Yeah, where’s that “binging with babish” guy? We need to figure this out!
^^^^I ^^^^like ^^^^Milwaukee’s ^^^^Best...
I had a similar take a few months ago, and boy did I trigger some DCEU fans.
Hold the phone, the only people with bobcuts in stranger things were the boys.
I know you're probably joking, but I doubt that's even true. Humans are surprisingly tough, the tactics required to purge the entire human race as it stands today could be more damaging to the environment then just letting us run our course. 
Here's a question, if you have almost a decade's worth of telemetry, data, and personal experience that refute the technical claims of the manufacturers, why not write up a white paper or article or a blogpost to share your findings with the world? Surely it'd be a nicer feather in your cap than merely posting on reddit.
Eh, you're not wrong, of course RAID is not a backup. But if the backups were weekly and your raid gets toasted on Thursday night, last week's backups aren't going to help you if something important got lost. But then again that isn't an indictment against Raid 5.
>Being tricked doesn’t absolve you of blame

That depends on whether or not you're supposed to know better.

>if anything it’s worse because you’re stupid, a bad person, and willfully ignorant.

> wont fail the job on a single URE, it will just result in probably 1 corrupt file, or possibly a few if the files 

There's the rub, some admins could lose their jobs depending on what single file got toasted. 
Its possible to successfully play Russian Roulette 20 times in a row too, but that doesn't mean there isn't a bullet in that revolver. 

IIRC the biggest risk with Raid 5 is when your entire array comes from identical disks in a single batch. They'd all have the same loads, uptime, and possible weakness/manufacturing defects, which makes it possible that what killed your first disk kills another in the array during a subsequent heavy load (the kind of load that happens during a raid rebuild of a 24TB array). By now you probably don't have this problem, since you've allegedly rebuilt the entire array almost 2 dozen times, the disks are now all different. 

If its not a revenue server, you do whatever works for you, but most professional shops can afford to try and mitigate the risk. 
24TB Raid 5? You're a brave one. 
You can't even do that, for the blockchain to work, every transaction *must* be public, nefarious or benign. You can safely bet that the alphabet soup of federal agencies have the entire currency archived and on record, its open nature makes such a database trivial. Sure you can try to obfuscate your transactions, but sorting through criminal's financial smoke and mirrors has been the FBI's, ATF's, DEA's, IRS', etc. stock-in-trade for a the past century.
My [centurion](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/0a/27/ac/0a27acba7d4c44d169ecdfb4141fe9bc.jpg) is best centurion because I crashed it :(
>/u/mymombeatsme420 

Relevant username?
Oh geez those terrible democrats want to use data and evidence to find what works best for educating students effectively. Unlike the greens who, like their medicine, only want to use hemp and feelings. 
Probably 250, at least.
/r/conspiracy: Is ice flammable?
>ios11 is straight up ~~garbage~~ courage
Just do what you want and own it, man. 
A more generous take is to say your grand/parents generation have been bamboozled into caring about the wrong, racist, greedy, irresponsible, or simply just generally unhelpful things. Their trusted bamboozlers tell them nothing is wrong, so they think nothing is wrong. 
Washington Post: “Ice is, in fact, cold”

Buzzfeed: “11 facts you won’t believe about ice”

Buzzfeed News: “Children in Baltimore are getting frostbite in school.”
> especially since the US was behind that one 

That doesn't mean the US isn't vulnerable to the same attack, to analogize, a bullet from a gun doesn't care about which side of the fight you're shooting at to be deadly. 
>“why don’t you use a Xbox controller it will do the same thing”

>“cause navy that’s why”

I mean its a good idea and all, but oftentimes common sense fails to address uncommon or unintended consequences. 

I can imagine your OPsec guys would be having nightmares over the idea of just letting some random sailor plug in some generic USB device into an important subsystem of a nuclear submarine on possible secure network. You don't know what sort of tech could be sitting in that controller you just bought from gamestop, and you don't know what hacks your subsystems could be vulnerable to. 
Also sony was selling the first gen PS3s at a loss, so dollar for dollar, a pile of PS3s was much cheaper for the Air Force than whatever IBM was willing to sell cell processors by an order of magnitude. 
He's basically the Oogie Boogie.
NSFW
>How do you not have a full time personal trainer, yoga instructor, nutritionist, chef, access to the cleanest food and water, a dry sauna

Because that requires work and eating foods that are not cheeseburgers.
Hey now, those savings go to booze! 
Aldi's or GTFO
Oh jeez all these people who share similar traits, struggles, and backgrounds share interests with me! Whodathunk-it!

Nah obviously its Obama turning the frogs gay.
>On windows

You can also just download your favorite copy of trusted Linux live cd a use the same commands.
Pro-er tip: dd if=/dev/random/ of=/temp/overwrite_file several times so that the "deleted" space on your hard drive is written over with noise. 
Call me crazy, but if it is that easy for someone to fuckup the button of a missile alert, it is infinitely more a failure of both the developers and management for letting such a system be developed and continue to exist, then the peon who fat-fingered the wrong button.

Its like a fire-alarm, it should be simple and obvious that the lever you're pulling is going to be taken seriously, because in a moment of panic, you don't want confusion either. As the design stands today, the next coming "test missile alert" could be the same mistake.
Well that and they probably don’t want it public that you could cripple the internet for 3 towns with a pair of pliers.
And what? Risk tearing your family apart *sooner*? Go bankrupt with dodgy lawyer's fees *and* be deported?
Fuck you, you self-important childish ignorant hack. The only reason today this family is torn apart is because of ONE PARTY. One party has disingenuously lied, manipulated, and dog-whistled about the debate over immigration for years. That party is the republican party, plain and simple. 
The problem I have with trumple-shin-splints isn’t that he avoided the draft on some high minded principal, it’s that he simply has no principals and is a cowardly bully with no self control; fully willing to talk the world into a dangerous and deadly situation that he used his daddy’s wealth and privilege to escape from.
No, zootopia is the coming second wave.
Your hair doesn't *look* too damaged... does it feel dry?

If you don't want to buzz it off, try just conditioner washing for a while to let the oils come back into your hair. Bleaching is rough but that doesn't mean your hair is a lost cause. That said, if you want a buzz cut go for it, but just remember it'd take a year to grow back to where you are now. 
Or a tapout shirt.
Why else do you think he was shot?
Trump is a click-bait president, everything he does or has been doing since the 80's to now in the white house is to get attention from the tabloids. However unlike New York aristocracy or WWE, the Presidency is serious business. 

It doesn't help that the entire US Presidency was designed under the assumption that the American voters and the major political parties wouldn't elect a crazy moron to the office, yet here we are.

>which is a start, but looking through our dns logs for the obvious “porn” and “xxx” and comparing it to that list shows me it is lacking.

Unless your guys are plumbing contractors, you could also probably get away with blocking everything that has "tube" in the name, and only white-list "youtube". 
What do you call a med student who graduated at the bottom of their class?

Doctor.
CentOS and Red Hat don't seem to have the iucode-tool nor intel-ucode tools available. Are we going to have to wait for Red Hat to install the microcode update into their kernel or patch the bare-metal bios' ourselves like Windows?
Well Extremist Christianity has an entire political party attempting to coup the most powerful country in the world.

Who needs messy terrorism when you have half of Congress making your holy war “legal”?
and it took 12 years to make
Larry Jear-bear
>He's full of shit, really fucking racist, and generally awful, but he has basic public speaking skills and uses a lot of conservative buzzwords

You could say the same thing about Trump, albeit with much less coherence. 
>If the R2000 8 speed can be used with a 7-speed rear derailleur.

Yes, but you need an 8 speed cassette compatible with shimano/sram and that has a range that fits the old derailleur. 
>Strawberries are technically aggregate accessory fruit rather than berries

You mean Strawaggregateaccessories?
> They absolutely were fighting for State Rights.

Even that was complete bullshit, the slave states happily used the powers of the federal government in the fugitive slave act to enforce slavery onto the free states.
Processor performance scaling is not linear, even in a perfect world you'll run into diminishing returns as you add more generic rPis. In the real world, you'll run into many bottlenecks both in hardware and software. 

Hell your entire network will be limited to *100 megabit* speeds, good luck dispatching your nodes with any efficiency. As a learning tool or a proof of concept, go for it, but you're not going to get much of anything impressive done even with 100 rPis.
He's cuter when his hair is longer imo.
Daddy's smartest dollars buy the smartest degrees!
>The guy runs a business

Are you serious? Trump *single-handedly* bankrupted two casinos and a football league, has defrauded dozens of small American businesses for several decades while suing them into oblivion.

The man's only two strengths are being a bully and a bullshitter, that's it. 
I'd vote for a blue pen taped to a roomba full of dead rats over trump, but that said Oprah, while not a terrible person, is a hack.  
But if there's one thing about jokes is that as they go on people start to take it seriously.

Dear Oprah, don't run for president. Thx.
You know, if you let windows update run more often (like once per month) it'll only take, at most, 10 minutes to reboot on average. 
The gel-coat on my 2014 bike is failing, and this post is giving me ideas... I wonder what it would take to get something like this done to an aluminum frame.
I don't hate it, but it reeks of "late-2000's college football".
That's a funny way to spell FBI.
Who, Mr. Regular?
Its almost as if taste is a subjective opinion made up a diverse group of people with different backgrounds from around the world. 
Maintenance is probably not as bad as a wooden boat.
I think this pic belongs in Amazing Taste ~~b~~and Great Execution. 
>It's so, so bad. 

What cretinous slander! This is a masterpiece! ^^^:P
My cat likes bread and french fries for some reason.
Now I want to change the logo on my car...

This comic is two panels too long.
Those first pics looked like they were taken in 1997.
Hell at this point, the value of a working pII has gone up as a classic gaming machine.
I dunno, google gave it “$$$” and their menu isn’t listed, but I’ll have to check it out in the spring. The idea of dining in someone else’s backyard has always appealed to me.
According to Google, yes. I live across the tracks on Negley and last time I checked they were still there. Is Zinho worth it?
It was Eric sending smoke signals to warn his brother of the Mueller investigation... at night.
Lol, Normies on SRD don’t even know what a “hardcore” fet can be.
Not to mention, “wearing a collar” can bring an element of vulnerability if done (tastefully) in public. You can’t really pee on someone in the mall.
Well that and it’s an ad about baby shoes...
Couldn’t Tide be a skin irritant?
Mitch McConnell is the saddest turtle.
Back in my day our packets came in the mail, and we were grateful!
Double the comments, double the drama!
Always remember, the main stream media does have a bias, but that bias is toward *entertainment and novelty*. They have a job to sell ads to survive and make a profit.
Swhr
I'm half expecting Trump to pull off his wig and show the world that he's really Andy Kaufmann playing the greatest prank in human history.
Even AMD and ARM is vulnerable, only much less so.
How'd you get to it? I just ran Windows Update on 2012r2 and it hasn't turned up yet.
For our in house stuff we're not worried, its mostly small potatoes anyway. 

What I'm most worried about are the offsite VM's hosting a .gov whose hypervisors are out of our control which get a lot of traffic. However given the security restrictions we may be the only users of that host, so its probably under-provisioned. Maybe we'll have to kill some dev VMs and shuffle around some cores to keep things going, but it'll probably be alright.
*Everything*, even that old server some professor hid in the wall.
Since there's really no way to fix the bug at the hardware level short of replacing it, the patch *must* be applied on the kernel (the operating system) level. The vendors all have had months to work on this so you can expect them to be ready for a release by the embargo date. According to their release, you can expect Microsoft's fix to come as a security update on patch tuesday. Cloud providers are probably already working on it under your nose, but you still might be expected to update and reboot your VMs.
Isn't the Xbox 360 based on the Power arch? You could probably run linux on that and get full 1080 vga support!
Couldn't you just spoof the CPU?
Fair enough, but this is /r/gaming, not /r/sysadmin or /r/homelab after all, so the performance of VM's aren't exactly relevant.
Does VR do many system calls? If not then it’ll probably be okay.
> Bannon knows it

Bannon is a snake who’ll say whatever he needs to in order to survive.
Shhooo fanceh
Damn, to a Northerner for all that property, 30k is a song.
And risk ingrown asshairs? Are you *mad*?
I'm sure a professional knows how to wash their hands.
Yes and no, as I grow older, I grow more skeptical of attempts to debate the opinions of the "white working class'" on welfare which scrub racism from the equation entirely and make the discussion solely about class. Rural white people are the largest demographic by far who can benefit the most from universal healthcare and basic income, yet they're one the strongest voting block for the party against it. Sure, maybe the believe their ideology, but for the most part this libertarian "bootstrapperism" and complaints about "welfare queens" and "taking our jerbs" smell like economic ciphers for race. 
I know right? Pitt pays once a month and its always *after* the munch, so usually I'm broke af by then.
Everybody's first time is awkward bb ;-*
If you ask nicely on Fetlife I'm sure a nice 40-60 year old man would happily wax your ass for free.
At worst for intel, this will result in cloud providers considering whether or not to diversify their hardware stock; good for AMD and ARM providers, but intel will be fine.


Is there any risk for you guys getting miscompiled software from 3rd party vendors? Are you planning on compiling it yourself?

It was mentioned elsewhere ITT; back in the days of Bulldozer, allegedly benchmark and other software devs would use the "generic", as in "the Intel specific", compiler flags, instead of the proper AMD compiler flags resulting abysmal performance. Which resulted in AMD earning a bad reputation, performance wise. Has this been mitigated today? 

I'd guess if this debacle results in larger purchasers beginning to buy up AMD supply that would force developers to make sure their code works out of the box for the hardware.
"Hey purchasing, looks like we might need buy 20 to 30 more esexy hosts... kthxbi"
I wonder how many cloud providers are going to be crippled as a result of this patch due to over provisioning. Even a best case 5% performance hit could cripple the network like a rolling blackout.
Buy the same vulnerable CPUs?
I believe one black activist (Ta-Nehisi Coates iirc) called electing Trump putting a confederate statue in the white house. Our century's version of a cheap, sloppy symbol erected out of spite in response to a rising tide or black cultural and political relevance.
I can't tell if that guy was being meta or just ignorant.
PIT stands for Punxsutawney.
I know right? We can't "afford" a higher standard of healthcare for all Americans, so we spend more for an inferior product ^catered ^^mostly ^^^for ^^^^white ^^^^people and boom boom toys. \#freedom
To add to the other guy's comment, you being arrested doesn't mean you committed a crime. In fact given the circumstances they were probably all innocent or at least guilty of nothing more sinister than merely defending their homes, loved ones, and themselves from a mob of racist white men.
Its a bit disingenuous to call Tulsa a "riot". It was a slaughter, perhaps even a genocide. 
Yeah, its unfortunate all the windga dinga boomers won the day, erasing the sn95 from the Mustang's lineage with forced retro styling. 

I grew up with a v8 sn95 as the daily driver for a family of 5, and I'll always have a warm place in my heart for it.
The GOP is the party of Nixon and man babies.
Hey Mr. Policeman, you can't shoot me, I don't give a shit about politics.
brexit? Those clowns are less than a year away from their planned ritual suicide yet they still have not begun to work out the trade deals necessary to keep Britain from falling into the fiscal sea.
The Mayans probably were off by a [few years.](https://xkcd.com/1930/) 
Where's your patreon? 
The US can't afford universal healthcare obviously, we need more boom boom toys to please the crying conservative man-babies.
/r/titlegore
> Think of the worse cops in the United States. What if we gave them free reign and an ever increasing budget. 

-Trump’s domestic policy.
Woot woot wpts!
At least they’re not Detroit!
Checkmate Reddit.
“Both sides are the same, 420 blaze it”
Anarchism means you can’t tell me what to do, Dad.
I am the Walrus 

* Lenin
And: What part of the country were you in?
Communism is when IGN gives a Nintendo game a 7 out of 10, and so on and so on.

* Sneezy Zack 
If r/drama is centrist, then I am field marshal Conrad Von Hotzendorf.
Completely change what you're saying to “black cats are the cutest” and I would agree.
You can try analogizing but the moment you attempt to extrapolate motives and the /r/badhistory police will kick down your door and send you to an education camp for the crime of retroactively misapplying a relatively young political ideology to millennia old  far flung civilizations.
Communism is when your barista says “happy holidays” instead of “Merry Christmas”.

* Derrel Merkin


No, but you’re welcome to do it yourself.
Because demon globalists want to turn our frogs gay.
There was an article in the financial section of the Atlantic I believe which praised the concept of crypto, but not in the way you’d expect. They were extolling the possibilities of a crypto based Fed to add or subtract fiat currency straight into or from a citizen’s bank account without their consent or notification, and how easily it would be to monitor and control private financial transactions to avoid fraud and crimes.

Quite literally the wet dream of neoliberals but the stuff of nightmares for the libertarians.
> Gov is gonna come down hard on crypto. 

That depends upon whether or not if one of the Trumplings bought into crypto to embezzle their dirty money.
> don't forget that americans have been brainwashed by the rich to believe that anything other than pure unfettered capitalism is *Stalin's* work. 


FTFY
Yeungling is very inconsistent, verying in quality from a solid *meh* to a taste of ear wax. I’ve found Straub to be a much better cheap PA beer.

Yeungling light however is one of the beeriest tasting light beers I’ve ever had.
But the tires are for summer.
**WANKEL****WANKEL****WANKEL****WANKE****WANKE****WANKE****WANK****WANK****WANK****WANK****SPANK****WANK****SPANKEL****WANKEL****WANK****WAKEL****WANKEL****HANKEL****HANKHILL****WANK****ANKEL****ANK****WANKEL**
Freedom ^TM
It’s first world for the first percent.
The thing you can never forget about all this Russia business is how *cheap* and *easy* it was to sow chaos into our elections, it was nothing special for them. America is a tinderbox, social media was the lighter fluid, so all Russia needed was a match.


Nixon had about 25% when he left office, FiveThirtyEight suspects that number is Trump’s floor.
I would expect a professional to wear respectable attire for an official government broadcast representing his team and organization’s hard work.
We did it Reddit!
>It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that dropping sharp things on your feet is bad.

But these are Brain Surgeons...
It was in poor taste...
It might sound like trivia, but it caused the 2003 northeast blackout.
Our kitty busted out of her car box like a goddamned chestburster. Luckily for us, she was pretty tame for the car. Unluckily for her, our car broke down, so she had to stand with us on the side of the turnpike...
It’s poetry, it rhymes.
Exactly it’s equally as likely these clowns are just using alts to keep their shitpost history obfuscated.
After the 2016 election I couldn’t blame her for a stay at [Gin](http://clipground.com/images/gin-clipart-6.jpg)tamano.
>GM Daewoo
They care about things like safe money. \#HotTake

In all seriousness I *really liked* TLJ for the risks it took in order to fix the hack-job by committee that was TFA.
☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
This is why Matt Dillahunty always warns Atheists about accidentally accepting the burden of proof, I.e. proclaiming that “there is no god.” 

What he recommends is you take the position that “there has yet been no good reason offered to believe there exists a god”. Which sounds agnostic, but defaults to “until proven otherwise, there likely isn’t a god”.
> You have a good enough lawyer or dumb enough jury you can literally get away with murder. 

Or you can convict a ham sandwich.
> Either the object would move or it wouldn’t, which would tell us only that either the hitherto immovable object was not in fact immovable, or that the hitherto irresistible force was in fact resistible.

Hey this guy forgot the possibility of the two irresistible things simply *not* interacting.
Besides Mark is a great actor and films are a collaborative effort. Who’s to say different that *both* Rian’s direction and Hammil’s suggestions combined made Luke a stronger character?
Goosesteps.
It’s an untested rocket, sure it’ll probably work but until a successful launch, to the space scientists and industry, that rocket couldn’t do anything.
>“Hi, I’m Joseph Stalin.”

>“Do you have ~~science~~ historical evidence to back up this claim?”

>“Um...”

>“That’s what I fucking thought, Steve!”

Look, despite what the transphobic bigots say, science actually supports the existence for the existence of gender dysphoria. 

I don’t know why you’re so quick to throw the entire concept of science and facts under the bus, especially when it agrees with you. In fact, you actually are fully within your rights to call a transphobe *irrational*!

E: This justification really gets under my skin because it’s same tactic anti-vaxxers, cults, and the Trump Administration uses. Skepticism is okay, so long as you’re not a dick about it and actually believe the evidence when it proves you wrong. While you should believe them because all the evidence is there to support their claim, calling someone their preferred pronoun does not equal you believe them carte blanche, it just means you’re not an asshole. Whereas calling someone the wrong pronoun specifically to hurt them definitely makes you an asshole whether you believe it or not.

How about for 2018 we start believing in facts again okay? We need them now more than ever.
The birthday problem is a weird thing.
Lord of the Rings was written between 1937 and 1949, during the Second World War and the fall of Nazi Germany. Besides isn’t the idea of an old foe rising up from the ashes scarier and more deadly sort of a theme in those books?

Also I doubt that Sauron is a specific characterization of Germany, but rather of Modern War itself.
There were several Toto’s used for the making of OZ. Being animals in the studio system, a few died. Not being the type to waste something, a producer had the pelts made into slippers.
Art is in the eye of the beholder.
The mods targeted Shitposters. 

Shitposters!

Shitposters are competitive and hard core, by nature. We love a challenge. The worst thing you did in all of this was to challenge us. You're not special, you're not original, you're not the first; this is just another meme fight.
The ultimate ketchup alternative is spicy ketchup.
He gets to be persecuted by the lame-stream and get *two-scoops*.
So what you’re saying is if somebody wanted to launder dirty bitcoin money through Newegg, it would be better to diversify your items. 
But the Republican leadership and donors get to fleece the country for all its worth, and Racists get to reinforce white supremacy for another generation, and the Christian extremists get closer to enacting the handmaid's tale and Armageddon, so all is forgiven. 
I wonder if it'd be faster to cash out of bitcoin through buying a dozen core i9's and reselling them on ebay for cash money.

Hell, core i9's might be a smarter way to launder money too.
>"You Don't Need to Trade Securities to Commit Securities Fraud"

Oh my that's a saucy take for a title. E: Unfortunately the fraud lawsuit doesn’t have anything to do with Bitcoin.
>But the excitement surrounding cryptocurrencies really doesn’t have anything to do with cryptography or math at all.

It doesn't even have much to do about currencies either. 

>You could substitute bitcoin with gold, or crude oil, or tulips, or bottle-caps, and the story would make just as much sense.

You forgot to mention, tulip bulbs, stock in southern ocean trading companies, stock in fly by night websites...
No no "Bitcoin dude" is still trading in China.
[3Blue1Brown](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBC-nXj3Ng4) covered the technology extremely well a few months ago.

From what I gather *conceptually* crypto doesn't have to be a scam, but *ideologically* bitcoin is a bundle of BS.
Doesn't newegg accept it too?
Obviously the local contractors were German.
Even as a Heroin dealer it is *really dumb* to use bitcoin freely, since everyone, including the FBI and DEA, have access to your precise transaction history.
Oh please where, I need something fun to read during the holidays.
Wait... did you just admit to using bitcoin to launder money in order to commit a crime?
My mom could always use some pretty Dutch tulips.
> Once people lose faith in bitcoin it has nothing for it to retain value.

At least you can glue beanie-babies to the roof of your car.
You know what, I forgot about the ~~suckers~~ speculators who think they can beat the market, selling their bitcoins to the last incoming suckers at its highest price.


Bitcoin is crap at being a currency (i.e. facilitate an exchange of goods and services, its even terrible at the exchange of illegal goods and services) and offers absolutely nothing of value as a commodity; eventually it will have to succumb to [gravity.](https://i.makeagif.com/media/10-17-2016/XoFLRf.gif)

I suspect the only reason Bitcoin has survived to this day is that there are still enough libertarian suckers buying into it. Especially with the press now, dads who can't even spell "cryptography", are buying into it thinking it'll keep them safe from Trump's coming recession/depression.
Fake-history. A Frenchman would never offer such hospitality to a German solder on French soil in the trenches of WW1.
>There's no way someone can be this stupid. 

There were 1.4 million green party voters, so it sounds like there are plenty of ways. 