❤️
Toms River. We get Philly and NY stations. I guess it’s Central? But parts of it feel South. Or is it just the Shore? What about inland?
🙏
Yea, they’d be in trouble even if weed was legalized
It’s so pretty
Can you?
Without the s it looks like it is pronounced Jax ON


Oh hi bigot
Can you share me the place? 
Not all vegan dishes are substitutes for meat they are fine dishes in their own right
Try frozen bananas in a food processor or blender. Add toppings if desired. Boom, ice cream 
Yup and no pus or hormones or torturing animals 
Forza Metro
Asshole kids
...ahh and out of nowhere some classic “liberals” ad hominem.

You turned it very personal, and psychotic I must say. 

You’ve got some shit you should really talk to someone about. Maybe someone other than Jesus?


“Help me out by speaking to me on a higher level”

“Fuck you.”

You’re a toon but your shtick is rather amusing in an absurdist kind of way. Thanks for the free entertainment nutjob.
Re-read our exchange from the beginning guy. It started with you offering that eloquent argument that “NJ is a shithole.” Is that how you begin an intelligent debate and exchange of ideas?

Your ranting is straight up laughable. You seem to suffer from an utter lack of self awareness and self control. What would your lord and savior think of the things you said to me, a stranger on the internet. I find it fascinating that you are so easily offended and yet dish out paragraphs full of offensive childish insults. 


👌 sure it will 
You only know what you’ve been told. When will you break the cycle. Do if for yourself man. Before it’s too late
Lol what loser downvoted this
You’re a sick person
Yea the guy’s comment is dumb anyway. Dude thinks real estate  has something to do with pork roll . We can stop this here 
The deli and the truck get it from the same place 
This isn’t an ad campaign. Your comment is nonsensical 
I’ve never seen a Taylor Ham food truck. Just sayin
And higher taxes and more pollution and more congestion
This is not new he’s been doing this since inauguration basically
Splooge
I call mine a possessed polar bear
let's not get ahead of ourselves. we should be focusing on winning as many races in November as possible. 
This is great stuff thanks for the chuckle psycho.

Also it’s “you’re” not “your.” Dumbass. 
Oh yea. Dave Emory goes with folding laundry like peas and carrots 
They do not, you racist!

https://i.imgur.com/5gwbgo9.jpg
wanna get high and get something to eat at Fox and Fig
https://i.imgur.com/lezz7XI.jpg

Doing our part!
Thanks for the info! Interesting. Do we know how much revenue is brought in from alcohol taxes?
Lots of words to say so little 
If you want Fios try and find a place where you can get it now otherwise it’s likely not going to happen soon or ever. 

What towns near the coast are you looking at
LMCU.org offers 3% on max $15,000 balance

Not a bad place to park an emergency fund 
Kim is getting exactly what he wants. Sovereign recognition, a seat at the table, and economic sanctions removed.

His nuke program wasn’t sustainable anyway.

Maybe the unconventional approach by Dickhead Donald helped but it wasn’t a main factor.

Jury is still out on long term result of this. Will NK demand removal of US nuclear capable aircraft and ships from operating around/in the peninsula? How about removal of US troops?

You don’t know that
How bout a Vapor Brothers box vape? Still viable? This is what I use though I mostly vape oil carts with a cheap vape pen these days
That takes some balls. I’d be very weary of triggering a Trumpster
Oh Jesus Christ Doofus Donald STFU
Y’all’ll see
 Nice doodle!

Dit mine https://i.imgur.com/bVVJjaz.jpg
With that attitude any place you find yourself in your life will be a shithole
Eh. South Carolina? Seems excessive just to save a few thousand in taxes

South Jersey (or Central) is reasonably affordable with homes 300k and under. Even less if you do your legwork and can navigate the foreclosure market. It’ll need work if you buy one of those but I know coworkers with kids who bought as low as 100k (Port Monmouth, 2 br, 1 ba). Leaves a lot of room in the budget for renovations.
Can you share some Zillow examples of places in NC with those criteria? 30 min max to beach pls

Edit: I checked it out myself. Nothing remotely like what you described available.

I did see a 4 br, 3 ba new construction house in Watts Landing. It’s about $200k but doesn’t say what taxes are. It’s on a small lot. Likely has an HOA fee too. It’s not bad at all but not what you claimed.

Btw, when searching for lot sizes 2 acres or more with 4 br and 3 ba minimum, under 200k I get 3 results in the whole state of NC. Two are near the coast. Both are total gutjobs
It is pretty cool that Philly, NYC, and even Baltimore are within range for daytrips. 
It’s a car. If you care that much about the aesthetics of a stranger’s hunk of metal used to transport themselves maybe you should get over yourself
No my other stickers are a Red Bulls and a WFMU sticker. Say something else 
And the cancer is free!
I wonder how revenue from legal weed would compare with a quarter percentage point or whatever in sales tax increase
They’re basically public though, anyone can and does use them 
What’s the bbq place
Weed shops man
Don’t do it man. Sacrifice now and bank that money it’ll be worth it
Sandy Hook. the old military stuff is pretty interesting and unique
Fuckin NJ politics man
https://78.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxp1vcflx91r8kfm2o2_500.gif
Saturday and Sunday afternoon/evenings gonna be fun ride home for you northerners
Ahh same man. I moved to TR. But I don’t have a good tech job and can’t really get one up there anyway so I’ll take my 60k cake job and be happy that I can at least afford my own place down here. Looking forward to beach season! So nice not having to get on the Parkway to go to IBSP
Wonder if they walked away. 

Like this: https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/3-Hilton-Rd-ATLANTIC-HIGHLANDS-NJ-07716/39221062_zpid/
Just respect our home, our land and your fellow citizens and we’ll get along just fine 
That seems high. I just saw a nice looking used RV for sale for 29k
No but once your income becomes fixed and or reduced it’s definitely something to think about. Every year is going to reduce your standard of living a hair. 

That’s why we have 55+ communities. Shit I would buy one now if I could. 
Sounds like NJ. Although depending on the area there are plenty of alt routes 
Fuck that man. You want 30 minutes or less
I can only make out the Jesus one which seems harmless enough 
Wow. This is kind of amazing to see a real life example of the NJ-leaver cliche. I wonder if they sold their place or walked away. Hope they find what they’re looking for.
Get a place near Yanticaw Park or any of the individually named parks that link together between Kingsland St and Center St. Great place to go for a run or a bike or a picnic. bring the dog, feed the ducks, shoot some hoops. Nice place
Fuck him in the ear
Reverse for me. 20-30 minutes to the beach, hour to NYC. That’s the life for we
He can’t legalize it himself. The state senate has to. All he can do is sign it or veto it.
Can anyone pinpoint Antelope Island? How about the peak of Frary Trail?
Happy to hear it

https://i.imgur.com/q2edKVz.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/UQf1XkU.jpg

The face of a killer
Cool man. I wanted to buy a place in AP a couple years ago but could only afford a place in a questionable area so bought in Toms River instead.  I’d love to live in AP it would save me a lot of driving since I’m there pretty much every weekend!
I do
You grow up there or move there later in life?
Eh. I wouldn’t mind some aged Gouda but I don’t really miss it. There are substitutes that’s aren’t too bad
going vegan will make the weight melt off, just sayin
I’m about to buy a new pen leaning towards this one because of the variable voltage. Is it actually useful? 

For weed oil will it vaporize at the lowest setting? Also 350 mah seems low and that I’d have to charge it frequently . What do you think
No. It’s a very strange and morbid picture of dead animals frozen in the throes of agonizing suffocation; slung over the shoulder of their smiling killer. 

Great. One less car to compete for parking 
Were you picking up trash ? Good person
You don’t play Rocket League I see
Cool
That’s disgusting
I hate them so much they’re the worst 
 Now how do we kill off the ticks
Get shitty cops out of this state
Same. I grew up in North Jersey calling it Taylor ham because I didn’t know any better. Now I live in OC and I call it pork roll although I don’t eat it anymore since going mostly vegan. 

Taylor Ham sounds euphemistic and uppity to me. It’s like people don’t want to say “pork roll” because they think it sounds beneath them.

And that’s all that you would deserve
I need to get a kayak this year I keep putting it off. Got a river a block away 
Sad
You sound a lot like my wife and me and our doggo.

A walk in the woods or a bike ride with our buddy is a daily source of joy for us. Yesterday after playing some tennis we biked around our neighborhood passing a vape pen to each other while our best friendo ran next to us. It was a beautiful way to end our weekend
Plebe
Ok, Rangers scum
agree. 
lol Rangers fan logic
Got any more of his clever fixes
But it’s not snowing 
Wanna get Chipotle tonight?
No
Cool
thanks
Do Bananice cream
I suppose that’s what makes it humble 
How much do you get paid troll?

Surely you don’t post this garbage for free?

Sad 
Huh?
Antelope Island
Can I use this vape with weed oil carts?

I assume yes but the part it says how it’s meant for essential oils makes me doubt. 

I have a knockoff ego-t I bought for $7 off eBay looking for something higher quality. 
Russian, stupid or blind
Execute them 
Ten cents per gallon or more. It comes out to at least $2-3 dollars and the higher gas prices are the more you save. And you earn 4% cashback with Costco credit card. 

But yea when it’s a long line I don’t go unless I don’t mind chilling for a bit. Although the wait is rarely more than 5 minutes. 10 at most. This is at the Lakewood location on 70.

If you have someone else in the car send them in for beer while you wait
I’m pretty high rn and I enjoyed this and want to play dog of war
It definitely does for me because I no longer care when I arrive or that I got “stuck” behind a truck or bus or someone going the speed limit or that some asshole cut me off.

If there is ever a road test for intoxication I hope there is a reasonable legal limit like there is for alcohol
Sure
Yea just a puff it’s fine

I do make a point to drive slower when doing this though. I stay in the right lane or middle. With traffic and not in a rush. 

I’m not recklessly speeding down the parkway blasting music changing lanes, etc. It’s a relaxing ride. I will also say I see lots of bad drivers out there driving with no situational awareness, with their cellphone in hand, or talking emphatically with their passengers obviously not paying full attention. These people are a much bigger risk.
That sucks. My job didn’t even do an initial test
I will partake after work on way home. Parkway south, vape, tunes, TGIF 

Edit: didn’t make it til quitting time. Went for a walk at lunch and hit it. Happy 420 Friday you beautiful bastards
What about all the other jobs people have and the spouse dies or is not able to work? That’s what insurance is for. And disability, and Social Security.

It is not the responsibility of the taxpayer to subsidize a police officer’s lifestyle. There is nothing that says a police officer or any other public sector job in NJ is entitled to a salary that lets them buy a house and support a family by themselves.
This is why in many households both people in a couple work. 
Do soldiers make six figures?
Can I use a syringe to get the last drops out of my carts and combine them in one to use it all up?
Shut Up and Eat
What thickness is your underlayment? Maybe get something thicker 
Hope she doesn’t lose her sense of self worth when she does inevitably age. Or has some other quality she can take pride in besides a fleeting youthful appearance
Drugstore Cowboy man
All that for a nip? Fuck yo kid
Bless your heart
Fuck this guy
They who
They can have thorns. They are not soft 
Tumbleweed chipper
I’m shooting for triple digits I wanna see some shit
I always thought it would be better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody 
I agree the odds are against us but it feels good to have someone like him to vote for. If turnout is high I think Kim can win.
Beachlife
😍
And when they don’t you have natural disasters like Harvey flooding and maybe you drown 
Delaware baby! That’s what’s up 
Buh bye
Andy Kim, 3rd district y’all. Let’s send MacArthur packing he’s been there long enough. Time for new blood.
Similar to what wife made us yesterday. Sweet potato with black beans, sautéed kale with garlic, and an avocado and scallion dressing. So damn good I had it for lunch today at work too. 
Hasn’t been my experience at all. Most seem to drive at average traffic flow speed with minimal lane switching and little braking. They are predictable drivers, in a good way. This is in NJ
See now this deserves a buck a drink
Go Andy Kim! 3rd district. MacArthurOut
Show me your tears
Thank you Devils. Going to sleep good tonight 
Lol fuck that lying turd
High flow bc of all the rain . That’s why it’s post worthy 
When I go to north Jersey now for family events, etc it’s always a nice reminder of why I moved to Ocean County
The American Egg Board advertises eggs
How stupid must someone be to fail to read and comprehend a post before commenting with childish bullshit
Don’t you find it strange that an entire industry requires an advertising campaign?

The milk industry does it too. Ever stop and think why?
Better late than never but this is really late
It also keeps things like the dresser and crib from damaging the walls

Also, aesthetics 
Are you insured sir
Like how the egg industry itself engages in advertising campaign so people buy their shit? That’s preachy too
This fucking guy
Antelope right? Amazing place like none other 
what do you do if they win the whole thing. as a GK fan. like boom you've experienced the most amazing season possible first shot. 
that would be hilarious
probably going somewhere where he has a Russian buddy or two
guy's a megalomaniac
You’re a child
Fuck off
Pork roll egg and cheese if you please, on a Kaiser bun
They’ll probably play some clips of his best goals 
😘
TAKEN
I stopped watching. That one episode early this season where they and Neegan yell across to each other. With guns. 

I’ve moved on
“Bezos is allowed to sell supplements why can’t I?”

This is some weakass deflection. Bezos doesn’t have a radio show on which he advertises his own brand of questionable supplements to his devoted audience. Right after scaring them and increasing their paranoia. I feel bad for his followers’ families, they have lost a generation of men. Sad
Aren’t they paying property taxes though? 

At what point is their land put up for auction? Is no one else interested in buying these lots? Would they only cost the amount of taxes in arrear? Hmmm
Yes, this is serious business
No silly, pics of the fireworks from Eagle Rock!
I like Andy Kim for Congress, 3rd district. 
MacArthur out
It’s fine, still tacky to me but that’s coming from someone with a certain affinity for the statue. It is cool to see the town embrace the team. 
You’re cute
This.
Every seat there is great. I usually just buy the cheapest ticket I can get, as long as it’s away from the visitors section.
Everyplace really there’s so many. pick the one closest to you and go
$750 first year
$2,000 second
$3,000 third
$5,000 each year thereafter

This would be in addition to the property taxes they are paying. 

Lots of $. But I’m not sure how it solves the eyesore of abandoned properties. Or are these registration fees like a fine for letting the property languish. Does the town then use that money to maintain the property? So many questions
Pics OIDH
Tell all your friends too. Spread the good word. We are better than this
Technically sure but this is a matter of the heart. For many New Jerseyans Lady Liberty is a cherished monument. I’d say more people from NJ have actually visited it than people from NYC. We have Liberty Park that many of us have been to numerous times which is a park dedicated to the statue and all she represents. 
Yea this just looks all kinds of weird to me. A Devils jersey belongs there. I could see a Rangers one too if they were in the playoffs. 

But the Vegas GK logo looks so out of place on the Statue of Liberty

It’d be like putting a Vegas jersey on a fake Washington monument, or Gateway Arch, or Utah’s Delicate arch. 

But it’s cool. Vegas is Vegas. A facsimile of someplace else 
That’s disrespectful and tacky. But it’s Vegas cant expect too much I guess
Would love to hear what you have to say when one of these guys hurts or kills someone, or crashes into someone’s car and then rides off.

Btw, this post isn’t about “wheelie kids.” It’s about off-road vehicles. Can’t you read?

name calling is fun isn’t it, ya basic bitch
Aww feel better?

When the fun and stupid thing involves breaking the law, putting other peoples’ property and health and lives at risk, disturbing the peace, driving uninsured vehicles through crowded urban streets, ignoring road signs, obstructing traffic, etc the “fun and stupid thing” becomes a big problem. 

There’s good reasons for the law that bans this. Need to figure out a better way to enforce it
Things are cringey af
Should have just grabbed his toy and snapped it in half
It’s so annoying on the tv
Stay strong for the next one Devil bros
Go to bread
Do you really think that is what I think should be done. C’mon obviously not
Fuck that. People just trying to have a good time?

While basically saying fuck you to everyone else around them, putting people in danger, racing around recklessly and uninsured. It’s completely unacceptable behavior 
Trying
Sniper?
They aren’t insured either 
Pennies on the ruble
Define “Trump/Russia” connection first 
You’re gonna ride that dirty old Trump dick all the way to the bottom huh. down with the ship eh
Mathew Perry is a Kings fan
I believe you 
Definitely at least cilantro. It’s a game changer
Pics oidh
Leave
Get gud
HAIL SATAN
It’s your gimmicky noisemakers
For real it is annoying af 

Gimmicky bullshit
Those noisemakers are annoying af
not pissed, just making an observation. if a kid did that to the tree outside my house they and their parents would hear about it
yea I noticed that. as long as they don't get the idea they can do that to other peoples' trees
lol thanks?
A little more to the left and the branch snaps and girl drops to the ground.


Yea fuck this tree right. It’s only been standing there for decades. Growing slowly year by year before these kids were even born. One moment of stupidity and this tree loses a branch for nothing.
They are not climbing on the tree they are hanging on weak branches.
Yes, this tree is not a mature/strong tree. Hanging on thin branches like that damages the tree and can result in injuries. I stand by my comment
Fuck these kids pulling on that tree’s branches. Stupid shitty parents
Get your drone out of national parks asshole
What’s that about 8 chickens that were tortured then killed for you to eat this shitty meal?
Waste of space it’s all the same anyway 
Glad he’s gone too
Poor pig
I’m probably my at my peak Gold II and I always have a good time playing this game win or lose. There’s something to be said for just playing the game and sometimes having great moments and sometimes fcking up but always learning and having fun
So do something else jabroni
Ehh get fucked up, be merry, outside, dance 

Friday and Saturday gonna be popping in Jerz
If there isn’t PS4 backward compatibility I’m done with Playstation. That will be a deal breaker and make PS3, ps4, and Vita the last Sony systems I own.
Thanks for the heads up
Pretty good but sad to see the force touch lag on the home screen was not addressed
Look at his feet. He places it in a place that won’t keep him upright. There’s no good reason that happens. The defender doesn’t trip him up he purposefully sets up his own fall. Fuck you Diving Dom
Grow up 
Glad to hear it! Construction starting later this year, to be finished by 2020
Just Android things
I hope my pup lives a long and healthy life he’s 2 now but man it’s going to completely wreck my wife and me when that time comes. he brings us so much joy. Sorry for your loss

https://i.imgur.com/ztV1kTH.jpg
Wax those puppers’ paws people!!!

I use Musher’s. Pup loves it, nice bonding time, helps protects those paw pads 
And how bout that headphone port!!!  Nice eh
South Korea
Brazil
Could the U.S. be next 
Could the tide actually be turning against our little despot
Be different if they were the New Jersey Jets

I was a Nets fan too before they left
Glad to hear. It would be silly to pass up a sellout at a nice markup no less
Go ahead, smash my face in
If your dildo costs $30 it’s got bad stuff in it. spend more money on your dildos people
Yea wouldn’t be concerned then unless you already have high cholesterol. French press coffee is really easy and delicious
You should be fine unless you drink multiple cups a day this way 
Just keep an eye on your cholesterol, it’s higher in French press made coffee
We need some vegan fast food joints!
Eh we don’t need divers we need soccer players
I don’t watch baseball. Eagles for NFL
South Jersey is still Jersey. The Devils are your team too
You can buy tickets direct from the team but you have to also buy tickets to two MLS matches too. 
Not a strip search, it was a literal anal probing 
I have no room for it. And I already sold the printhead and ink
Child services needs to check on this copper’s kids he probably diddles them too
Buenos Aires is a really charming city. And that’s speaking as a one-time tourist. Actually being from there? With family, friends, former teammates, coaches, fans... one can easily imagine the strong pull home has for him. 

Or maybe it’s just all about the futbol experience. Either way yea. Buenos Aires is 👌🏻
Link?
To Republicans, yes
Love how the island came out 
This isn’t clickbait
Ooo that’s really cold man
No. Just more people are choosing vegan instead of vegetarian these days 
I really like that part of Brick. We go to the dog park on the weekends. It would be nice to be able to just walk there. if the place hasn’t flooded before the flood insurance shouldn’t be that much . Maybe about the same you’d pay for regular homeowners’.

So edgy. Do you feel better now
Watch a wider variety of documentaries then
you are either a child or a man child
Giant ass granny panties cannot be unseen 🤮
Sell all the tickets. Sell out the game. More people you get there more chance some of them will come back for a RB match. I feel like no matter what they do Chivas is going to show up in droves
Very cool. I never knew 

I’d love to visit the sandlot next time I go to Utah!
Should have done vegan/omni 


Looks nice but I find it weird that the keycaps themselves are not lit.  What is the point of lighting the underside and not the keys? 
what ever happened to him
they're not real kids
but look at you now!
aww that's so cute
AAAANNNDD IT'S A SECRET REMOTE CONTROLLL!!!!!!!
Will this be a sellout?

Tix on the aftermarket are high


Just have to make sure everyone that is there sticks together. hopefully not too many interlopers
Cheapest rn on StubHub is $90 for visitors section

I’d be selling that shit. Gonna be a home crowd for Chivas. Lots of demand
so what's the fix. or do you just uninstall it
He lets Trump fuck his wife too
Seems they are in a line to park in a disabled parking only area. They are presenting their placard so they can park there. That’s the violation right there
My justice boner is raging full on
I think the idea around that scene was that it easily could have happened. Looking back I bet Derf thought about the times they were alone and that it could have been him who was his first victim.


Yankees players must be so sick of that shit
Yup nope, PS3 content is trapped on the PS3 platform
This is why other than the PS+ sub/games I don’t spend money on PlayStation store. 

Steam has it right 
MAKE SOME NOOOIIIIIISE
and then it begins again
I’m wet
r/humblebrag
I don’t see why not
Give her the big sausage pizza
Fuck man you just gave me my bucket list topper. Live to 2082 so I can witness one hundred years of Devils hockey. 103 I would be. Fuck I can do it!
Sweetsetup man where you at
I didn’t read the article I’m too drunk rn but maybe they’re just quoting the max available territory this can be done in 
Thank you Governor. Now someone get that Sweeney prick out of there and we can make some real shit happen
I want to piss the fuck all over his headstone

Have my dog take a nasty juicy wet rancid soupy shit all over it 
When this fucker dies no one is going to mourn him not even his family 
Since going vegan this is my ice cream. I usually do it in s food processor it comes out like soft serve froyo. 

It’s really good and the fun part and more delicious part is getting all creative and shit with the toppings
Ours does this too. Either jumps on us and joins in the hug or scoots between us and stands there so our junk can’t touch. I call him Charlie the Cockblockin doodle 

https://i.imgur.com/sfXwBaY.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/raqBPAY.jpg
Eh we are covered in bacteria. It’s worth it
Good point. I hate these people. Look at them with their Fox garb. ripping around on their machines trashing the land wherever they go no doubt.  Fuck this shitty family
I would like to massage his paws with paw wax. Good pup
Not a starter? Sure looks like one
Fuck Sweeney
He got surgery for weight loss on our dime and still eats like a child. He deserves the shaming
Lineup looks great. Jack Johnson, Ben Harper, Incubus. Let’s go burn one down 
I was being facetious. I don’t judge
trash people, ban them from all national parks
unnffff
lol gay
don't be surprised though. they may want to make an example out of these douchebags
hilarity ensues
point is Trump is a pathetic excuse for a man and a human being. if he refused to serve because of being a conscientious objector to the war I would respect that decision. 


ask your mom
yea and that has nothing to do with Mueller. he can't impeach. obviously
nice projection
most likely it won't. but the American people deserve the truth. with that information we can vote accordingly this November and in two years.
so that would mean Powell lied, not Mueller. Or Powell had false evidence unbeknownst or beknownst to him.

Mueller stated that Powell presented evidence. If you're questioning the evidence that's one thing, but he didn't lie in that statement.

RIF
keep fuckin that chicken
Fountains of Wayne maybe 
Try tweeting them that’s not right 
Something about throwing a baseball and catching a baseball am I right. I’d be down if I lived in Savannah. Sigh
They attach themselves to them bc it makes them feel like New Yorkers even though they fucking live here. I see them and I laugh. I pity them. They pine for all things NY all their lives. It’s sad
Not definitely for good, but definitely gone for now. Until things change. They may or may not
It’s not a question of fairness. The economy and trade doesn’t operate according to what is fair but rather to what people want to buy from each other. 
That’s it I’m sure. The transmitter was/is in West Orange. Repeaters added later to cover Hudson Valley and NYC
🤢🤮
Hackensack.  I bet it all Alex
If you make it to Asbury and like tacos check out Mogo on Cookman. Awesome Korean style tacos. We get tofu tacos and a side of veg fried rice, so good.

After you can walk up and down Cookman. Lots of cool shops. Cookman Creamery has vegan ice cream, Confections of a Rock Star only has one vegan option an Oreo cupcake but it’s so damn good. Couple blocks away is Purple Glaze Donuts which has plenty of vegan options too. 

If you come in summer Mogo has a spot on the boardwalk. Silverball Pinball is worth a couple hours at least. 

Oh and in Red Bank Earth Pizza makes a great vegan pie. Good Karma Cafe is there too, all plant based food. It’s ok but I’ve had better. Like Kaya’s Kitchen in Belmar.
Asbury Park my man
You can get roadside assistance coverage through your car insurance
Or just reshuffled traffic
Fucking Sweeney man
WFMU is missing

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WFMU
My two person, two dogs, and one cat household uses 3,000-4,000 gallons a month. I’ll round up to 50k/yr. 

Adding a couple of kids I could see that usage doubling. I don’t think we use a lot of water. Don’t water the grass (hoa covers that), only wash our cars a few times a year, the animals don’t get baths (dog gets a grooming appointment every few months), we don’t take long showers, we do take bath soaks a few times a month, newer HE washer. The toilets are basic and will eventually be replaced with multi-flush units. 

100,000 seems just about right for a family 
That is yet to be determined. Rangers irrelevancy this season is indisputable however.
However without those sparse years the Devils wouldn’t have Nico 👁❤️2️⃣🏒 Hischier
Yup. Watch out Philly!
You people act like he fucked your wife
Lol irrelevant to what? Certainly not the playoff picture.
I can’t go to these games the sight of all those Rangers jerseys makes me ill
Show me your tears
Ya know, I never heard the white guy cop say he smelled weed. But I guess coppers don’t question each other during a stop like this? 
Need moar
That’s beautiful man. I’m down to my last cart. Need some more. Fucking NJ hurry the fuck up and legalize ya fucks
http://www.state.nj.us/lps/dcj/agguide/stripout.htm

According to that the officer did not follow procedure. I don’t know anything about legality though but it really seems like the young man’s rights were violated.

The officers involved, if they have broken the law, should be immediately terminated
All yours ociffer. John Denver’s take me home is more my speed. 
Nice screen, no holes
Can we ban him from traveling
Gimme some WFMU
Really great shot. Love our beaches in the offseason. 
I read somewhere that Trader Joe’s is not planning on opening a store here because of the large population of retirees/elderly.
Yea it’s going to be a few years before we see things happening on the ground. They updated the master plan to allow for taller buildings downtown. They want to have some dense residential buildings there. 


Whole Foods is my vote. Since it’s too big for a Trader Joe’s

Yes I realize this is fantasy talk
He’s an un-American piece of shit. He shames us all every day he is in office
Oh right. Cool
Pics?
What are we talking about again 
Right. So this asshole shot an arrow into water to kill a fish for no good reason
Too bad they didn’t cut their hands on that line. Stupid human
It’s indicative of a weak argument, whether it’s understood as hyperbole or not
Am in north Dover section in a townhouse community.   An orthodox family bought an end unit recently but sold it shortly after not sure why. We don’t have basements and largest units are 3 br. I think they are looking for larger places. 


Uncle Doods! Yes. And the new Huddy park is nice too. 

I’d love an indie movie theater down there.

Or, a bar where you can take dogs with some live music/watch sports
Pending jail time 
😂
I don’t invest in crypto currency but hopefully people who put money into Centra were well diversified with other cryptos. 
Is that really necessary?
Poor bastards. They’ll see how real it is when their balance is zeroed out
Lol you don’t even know

Dirty meat eater

Try going vegan for 90 days. Your wife/gf/bf will like how you taste 😏
No this is reddit stop messing around! This is serious.

It’s the playoffs!
It’s disingenuous and invites skepticism. Poor way to frame an argument.
https://i.imgur.com/lALOmc1.jpg

https://nypost.com/2018/03/27/country-singer-devils-goalie-start-relationship-on-twitter/amp/

https://bustedcoverage.com/2018/03/29/devils-goalie-keith-kinkaid-country-singer-taylor-acorn-chipotle-date-photo-video/amp/
Then why say it if it’s obviously false 
People who won’t call it pork roll need the bougie “Taylor ham” to satisfy their social-climbing bougie sensibilities
Can you please. Thanks 
This guy is s piece of work 
Don’t you think women say the same thing about men? It was a joke howdy
They’re not as narrow minded as you’d think. You know how it is. Sometimes you just gotta rip on omnis
That’s cool. But they didn’t meet through Twitter it sounds like they were already talking
Ah. So they did know each other in person before the date request tweet? Yea then the article I read was bullshit
Nah I’m good actually. Wifey is on point
I looked at a similar sounding place in 2015. It was under $250k for a 2 br. I couldn’t buy it though bc O needed an FHA loan and apparently couldn’t get it for that property. 

I look now and here’s nothing like it anywhere near that price. Wish I could have made it work somehow. Though the no off street parking sucked
Legalization doesn’t mean you can smoke it in public. Also vaping is pretty popular and doesn’t smell 
You can test yourself. Dollar store has em
❤️
Sounds nice. How does that work as far as maintenance? Do you pay a maint fee? Any off street parking?
You looking at condos or houses? What’s your budget

But yes that’s a nice part of AP to be in. I’m jelly
I can get on a trail a block from my townhouse and hike for days in the woods if I were so inclined. 

So many places to hike, bike, or canoe/kayak. And of course nothing like a day at the shore in the summer 
FIOS bitch
I drove up to Belleville from TR for Easter yesterday. Way too many goddamned people up there. So many cars so much traffic. I don’t think I’ll ever move back to North Jersey
Crash and burn 
At least there seems to be some action on improving downtown TR. 
Yup sure do, great place to live
nah it is worth it
Thanks. I see after looking around some that the ability to browse music library on the phone from the watch was restored. I'm finally updating my watch from version 3. good stuff
sweet! finally updating my watch from 3.whatever

genres would be nice to have though
No see it is. Because it is on a news show. Delivered by news reporters. To people watching it, it is "news." 

And most of them will never know that their friendly local news reporters are being instructed what message to deliver to their audience.
true. thought the contamination is caused by animal agriculture (i.e. feces)
not to mention all the other crap you're ingesting with your meat. antibiotics, hormones, puss, feces, filler, and rotting flesh

I do have a lovely narrative.

Go vegan and no one gets hurt
Thanks. It says ability to control music on iphone from watch is restored. but can I start playing music from the watch? I can browse my library and pick something to play? 
Hmm is this accurate? On 4.3 can I browse the music library stored on my iphone from my watch? And select things to play from the watch?
yup sure do. do you have a point you are trying to make or you just like asking leading questions
Stop eating meat people
I’m not surprised no
This is real fake news, aka propaganda. Sinclair and their talking heads are decrying poor standards and bias in news media while engaging in exactly that.
It was a very close game. 
😿
It’s Taylor ham until you grow up and realize the truth
It might be a tumor
Put it on a jersey
Subscribe
😏
It’s all about the memories man
Sure. Wonder how much shipping would cost
I mean it’s trapped on the PS3 platform 
That’s it we’re going to Naples
It is nice though. Wife and I went the weekend before St Pats. Stayed in a carriage house found on Airbnb. Brought our dog and our bikes. It was a really good time. Paid about $500 for three nights but bought $500 Airbnb credit off eBay for $450.
Because of this most digital purchases I’ve made for a while are almost all on Steam. I don’t like how PS3 games are stuck on that console. 

Same goes for my Wii U. Got a bunch of games on there that are trapped on that system.

The Steam model seems the most consumer friendly 
I’m thinking of ditching my Sprint SERO $50 unlimited data plan for Total Wireless when my contract is up in November. I plan n getting my Sprint iPhone 6s Plus unlocked before switching. Will it work with TW though or do I have to buy a new phone 
Are dogs allowed on the shuttle?
Food is reasonable though and happy hours abound. I always bring some beers with me too in a reusable to go cup. 
Accommodations are pretty pricey for places in walking distance to downtown 
haven't done this but it looks like a good time
That’s a good cat
Now show the machine that grinds up male chicks alive. A million times a day 
It’s actually 20 miles East.


Go away 
Nope nothing of any interest at all. 


Go away
Ahhh well done
Wonder what kind of teammate he’s going to be
You like dags?

https://imgur.com/a/gXJf5/
This really dumb
It is nice. Making me reconsider replacing my old carpet with vinyl plank or bamboo 
Kb?
Guttenberg
He gets cankers if he eats the skin
✂️
Really nice. I love walking around in dense fog. Everything feels so calm
I would skip it. You’re still getting slot of use out of Wii U. Wait for Switch 2. You’ll get a more powerful console and hopefully by then Nintendo will get its online/digital platform act together.

Personally I’m not getting another Nintendo console until backwards compatibility or some kind of permanent digital library that is not locked to one console (ala Steam).

I have NES and SNES and Wii I games I own digitally but locked to my Wii U. I don’t care to spend money “buying” digital games that are trapped on one piece of hardware. 
I’d be too embarrassed to carry logs out of the woods. 
I didn’t realize the Atlantic League was only around recently. And you made me feel old.
Yea nm you know way more about this than me
Just minor league teams 
Lol that wasn’t old, old days
This is pretty weak. since they don’t play soccer there. It is (was) a baseball field don’t you know
Fucking REKT m8
How would it work with the mount though 
Glad to hear it. Let’s shoot for a decrease next time though. It is not unheard of; a bunch of town’s taxes actually went down. 

With more Sandy properties re-joining the tax contributing rolls it is not a fantasy.
Brick City
Shame
I have original Pax. I loved it but moved on to using liquid. Cleaning the Pax is such a pain in the ass and the mouthpiece constantly gets stuck. I use a vapor brothers box vape at home for herb and an Ego-T for portable.

Is Pax 2 any better as far as maintaining it? Doubt I’ll ever buy another herb portable vape though since the carts and batteries are so convenient 
I don’t have an answer but oh boy. Good luck with this one. I’ve read some horror stories. Keep us posted on the process 
That’s sad to hear. I don’t mind the Island-ers
ALDI has good avocados, nice and big and sometimes on sale for 59 cents. I see no problem with their red potatoes either. Or sliced mushrooms, squash, cucumber, carrots, bagged spinach, celery, tomatoes, onions, cilantro.

Most fruit is good but be careful with their berries sometimes not so fresh. I had a pack of strawberries grow mold the day after bringing them home. Keep your receipt so you can return if there’s a problem. The policy is you get the money back and a replacement but you have to ask.

Almond milk yes. Organic ketchup. Mustard. Canned beans, tomatoes. Sauce, pasta. Nuts and dried fruit. Tortilla chips. Sprouted grain bread. Veggie chips. Excellent chocolate. Good veggie patties, and I love those hash browns. And double stuff cookies.
Take it again. Isn’t it in April?
sole purpose is to be eaten? says who? spend time around a cow and you see they have personality, and consciousness, and feel pain and sadness and fear. 

your justifications hold no water.

I don't expect much of any substance from you though. A meat eater that trolls a vegan subreddit. yeah, done with you. 
“Take the guns first, go through due process second.”
-President Fuckstick
Ahh wtf Rosie. I was surprised to learn she voted for President Scumbag. 
Your bougie Taylor ham still has no song

Edit: Downvote all you want. Doesn’t change the fact that Pork Roll, Egg and Cheese by Ween is the greatest song you will ever hear about pork roll
Hah
The lol is an odd choice
Try coconut bacon
Call the police
Nice scare mongering you got there
Go Leaves Go
Right see that’s kind of the issue. Why are some beloved pets and some fodder for slaughter? Says who? 

Think about why you do things don’t just do them. A cow has as much soul as a dog and they trust us and we destroy them thousands of times a day. Baby male chickens are literally ground up alive. and on and on
Sticklers lol. Brick is definitely not North Jersey. South Jersey subreddit it is then. Is there a central Jersey subreddit?
Feelsgoodman
Triggered
You nervous bruh
Uninstall
I have one still in the box unused but with no ink or print head.

Anyone in the Jersey shore area want it? Free
Keep telling yourself it’s delicious.

And keep ignoring everything else about it besides taste. You sound like a child who will only eat pizza

I’ll go eat my grass, and spinach, kale, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, carrots, onions, beets, broccoli, cauliflower, olives, avocado, corn, peas, potatoes, beans of all colors and types, lentils, hummus, nuts, fruit, bread, pasta, rice, quinoa, couscous, veg tacos, chili, pizza, stuffed shells, lasagna, veg burgers with all the fixings, stir fry, and on and on and on

Do you not realize that most of the food everyone on the planet eats is vegan? meat, dairy, and eggs (and fish). Everything else is vegan. That’s a lot more food than “grass.”
That’s just the end of the torture though
You do you but no thanks. Dad has prostate cancer and meat increases that risk.

Also I don’t want to eat a sentient creature that lived its short unnatural life in captivity, pumped with antibiotics and hormones and crap filler before being slaughtered 
not a great idea to rely on milk for your protein intake
haven't had dairy milk in over a year and don't miss it at all.

I get unsweetened almond milk from ALDI, $2 a half gallon.I use it with cereal, with cookies, in cooking, it's great and like you say lasts much longer.
now ask your soul how satisfied it is to be consuming something that was likely literally tortured so you could eat its dead flesh. 
Just like the expectant mothers only parking
Independent sentinel my ass 
Thanks Gov!
I like that floor, tell me more?
I’m glad there are no people in my life that are capable of such a thing. But also sad that people like this exist
Thank you

Edit: how do I get rid of the New York and just have Metrostars flair?
Yea I guess. To fellow manchildren and I suppose actual children as well. 
Thanks for nothing fellow Ranger haters
The Trump stink is really difficult to wash off
Nope she ain’t gonna fuck off. Deal with it. President fuckstick is going to learn about consequences. For the first time in his useless life . Enjoy the show
Denino’s in Brick
It’s 3-0 I just turned it off

wackass tankers
Asbury Park (NJ) had a Vegan food fest yesterday. 

They have them multiple times a year in different places. Their website is http://njvegfest.com
Golden doodle yea? Same!

https://i.imgur.com/hskxklJ.jpg
Good idea, both can be fine
smart
do you love it?
yes but not good enough for r/battlestations

is there an r/aboveaveragebattlestations?


also, if his monitor was on an arm mount this would be r/battlestations territory
y tho
I like that idea. Anyone done that? Would like to see how it looks/if it works well.
Yes IKEA should offer more design for these. Like bigger drawers/fewer drawers and different front panels for the drawers. Maybe some with hardware pulls
It’d be cool if more people shared pics of their stations, not just the super clean tricked out ones. I find them all interesting 
Thanks!
What the fuck are they laughing for
So sad
Today is Harold’s birthday
Oh good then it will look good slower down too . It’d be a lot cooler slower
I do like me some Central Jersey. Like you say fairly close to both the city and the shore and a few cool towns of its own to do stuff in.

I started out in North Jersey but now in South Jersey, or at least South Central (Toms River). It feels like South Jersey anyway. More spread out, you drive on highways pretty much to get anywhere. 

I do like being closer to IBSP though and having hiking trails a block away is nice. Cheaper housing and taxes too. 
Someone heckle him please lol

And someone else record that shit please

thanks fam
Cool chair man
Do they sell a battery powered portable?
The funeral usually happens in the morning or afternoon. Or could have been easily scheduled around the game.

Good joke but the punchline needs some tweaking 
That OT play to win the puck and make the pass was too good. He held his own against a full grown man. Really impressive. 
Hope they find this piece of shit before he attacks someone else. 
WFPB FTW
I love it. You can have players like this come for a couple years and put butts in seats and at the same time bring up players from academies and usl rosters and young internationals. 

I don’t think a few legacy signings changes the long-term team building and player dev trend that will really grow the league.

MLS can do both
My 80gb classic still works great. It’s mostly just used in my car hooked up to my with iPod connector from the head unit rear aux port. 

I do have to reduce the quality of songs to transfer my entire library though so at some point I would love to try this mod! 
Triggered
Allows cars to go in and out in a tight space 
Calmer than you are
I’ve heard that buying foreclosures is difficult for regular folks. Investors with cash usually get these. 
Oh hell yes. So convenient, don’t have to clean out my dry herb vapes, tastes good, fucks me up nice.
Just say this instead
Omgomgomg
Makes sense though. I pay near that for a 3 br townhouse (mortgage, prop taxes, home insurance, pmi, and hoa) and that’s after putting down 20%. 

If I had to rent my place out I’d be asking $2,000 which would only give me $200 positive cash flow. 
and when it says wipers on lights on that doesn't mean you can rely on your daytime running lights. people behind you need to see you too so turn on your damn lights
no, I don't code. I use the portrait monitor for anything really. Except gaming of course. Web browsing (either one long window or two (one top one bottom 1200x1920).

I find it much easier to utilize my second screen in portrait vs landscape bc in landscape I have to turn my head a lot more to see the screen
Today’s Republicanism is a disease of the mind
Im sure it does the job though
Top lads shitposting 

Subscribe 
What an asshole. 
Pay your taxes, and don’t be corrupt
Wake me up when Trader Joe’s comes to town 
I am expecting to wfh tomorrow. Looking forward to it! 
Total Wireless


Use it as system drive. Most people aren’t storing their data/documents on their ssd. Just OS and applications. 


And weed
Been to this fair city four times for SP haven’t seen the parade yet. Seems like a hassle honestly 
Get out now FB peeps
SSD is a must. Night and day
Pence is a creepy shape-shifting mother fucker
When in doubt, call out but  available to wfh
Vote people fucking vote. Tell your friens
Andy Kim for Congress, 3rd district 
I’m a lazy mofo. Why am I unbothered my lack of ambition. Or am I really bothered   
Eventually yea but not in our time. We are doomed to live in this in between time with our casually apocalyptic daydreams.
Oh yea definitely. Re-reading my comment it was a bit rough. I have a cat rescue and a dog we bought from an Amish family breeder.

Of course all animals deserve our love, patience, and care. Just saying that not everyone can handle that with obviously abused dogs and cats. Bless them they are truly good people
Couple reasons 

They want a dog other humans haven’t already fucked  up. Not everyone wants to or is capable of handling that responsibility, either because of their temperament or their lack of ability.

Dog insurance. I imagine more people who buy puppies from a breeder get health insurance for their dog. This way they are covered since there will be no pre-existing condition exclusions. I’m guessing after the company look at the dog’s history they’re going to have a full list of things they won’t cover. 
Check out the old campground buildings on Huddy Trail in Toms River at the intersection of Whitesville Road and Ridgeway Road. Entrance is to the left (approaching from Whitesville Road south) of the Boy Scouts building. Several old buildings along a trail to see. Bring your bikes 
I see you
Take full advantage of the warm weather once we get it back. Best summer ever coming up you guys!
It was a nice beach day today
Wah wah
Fly Eagles Fly
First you’d have to define “ultra left” which I’m guessing you would struggle to do.

Second, this is just plain false and pulled out of your ass anyway.

Read up on Sinclair broadcasting for starters.
I say Bernie runs again
They need customers too.  Lots of them
That’s gon be me
This is what happened
Hi Ben Carson
It’s not a date it’s a fuck session
I would watch a movie about this
Yea vodka is vodka gg was created by a marketing guy
r/circlejerk
HAIL SATAN
Bah. Satire can be art
Crew is kind of big in Philly though. It is relevant 
Gonna need this jawn on a poster
I have two. My fat (80gb originally) and my wife's super slim she bought for her place when we were dating so I'd play video games at her place and thus spend more time there. 

She told me to sell it but I want it as a backup and for sentiment
I believe
ABIGAIL!!@#%
Yea they are haphazard but I’ve never once had any issue or incident. People seem to get it. Go slow, look before you go
my guess is yes.
death trap parking lots? how
any one got any updates on the state of the invention of a vegan pork roll?
*in the summer 
Do you have any interesting stories? 
Got any good stories?
Nasty . Plumped up with salt water and anti-biotics. 
Not really though. It mirrors his administration’s demonization of the press.
This looks really great. 

Dog friendly?
Oh I agree. I go there year round. But in the summer it’s one of the few dog friendly towns on the shore. I either go there or IBSP with my pup
Blockbuster took over the Super Video in my town, I never cared for them
Sure I guess, if you only equate fun with alcohol
Wtf who said it’s a magical town saver? No one that’s who this is all  in your head. You’re reading into this too much 
Trump’s America
I take cheap and safe. Drive to fun
Strippers are people too
Asbury Park man

Wonder Bar happy hour gets a bit too busy for me as the afternoon hours get on. I like going early for a bit then leave when it starts getting crazy. Go hit a place on Cookman for grub then hit the dog beach after bathing hours in season.


Exactly. Which makes his comment even more ridiculous 
What is your point?

The place sat unchanged for a few years. The previous owner bailed on the project. Work started again on it last year. Work continues on it today
Eh I don’t care for this line 
It still has a bit of an edge to me. And it’s got a unique vibe. 

I’m afraid this luxury building is going to have a Pier Village feeling. Which to me is soulless and almost corporate feeling.
Lol
To me this seems out of place. It’s right there in the middle of everything. A luxury building would have been better suited a couple blocks north by the other fancy buildings. 

Hope it doesn’t change the place too much but I fear it will.
Oh Lordy I hope there’s tapes 
I’d say just give it some time that feeling will go away. Try to sleep it off. Go have something good and healthy to eat.
H is literally everywhere in this state
Bougier
Hahahahahaha 

Breathe

Ahah ahaha fuck you Donny boy you’re fucked
It’s a pretty diverse crowd though 
Nice. 
Yea I’d pay another $500 a month to have a decent sized private yard. Been here two years and already feeling the pull for a detached house. In another few years will probably start looking seriously.
Not bad at all. 
I’m at $1750 all in (mortgage, pmi, home ins., prop tax, hoa) for 3 br, 2.5 ba, 1 car garage townhouse end unit built in 1996.

Granted I’m in Ocean County and a condo but the equivalent in a place closer to the shore or more north would yea, be probably $1000+ more monthly nut.

I was paying close to $3,000 in West Orange for 2 br, 1.5 ba. Got out of that shit thankfully. Too much for what the place was. 100 yr old house with issues

Wonder Bar has a good amount of bar seats and Langosta has table seating.
Check out some bands in Asbury Park. Wonder Bar, Langosta Lounge, and APYC. Pre-game/eat on Cookman Ave then pick a show. Watch the waves from the boardwalk before between or after a set.
Cooper’s Block in Kearny in the old Irish-American Club spot on Kearny Ave.
Go next weekend instead you’ll likely have a better time
Yes yes let the hate flow through you
Pence is Trump’s cockholster
Hammered em!

https://i.imgur.com/ssuMtoP.jpg
Really? Fuck the World Cup and fuck FIFA
Use the detention to discuss and organize further action. Millions of Americans are so proud of what you are doing.

Remain active, get your peers to register to vote who are eligible and encourage them and their families to vote in November. Find your local candidates who support your cause and call them up ask how you can help their campaigns.

We love you and support you
Damn. I turn 39 this year. Hope I’m as spry as this fellow looks when I’m (hopefully) 93
www.nationalpopularvote.com
What headphones is he using

Wonder what he’s listening to. Maybe an audiobook?
how do you get ny/nj metrostars flair
😘
You’re a sad man. Go try being a good dad and get the fuck off reddit
😂
You’re not worth it you senile bastard
in exchange for reducing their corp tax rate from 35% to 21% the average TR resident will save $2 a month on their water bill. Yay?
Ok tough guy. You’re a joke. Get fucked
What a save!
What a save!
What a save!
Sad. And you have kids? I feel bad for them 
Fake New Jerseyan
It was no accident that he filed for re-election the day after inauguration. Part of the plan. Being president is just another one of his business scams.
Weird thing to say. It’s in the game it’s going to happen gtf over it and play the game 
One of our favorite things to do is bringing the bikes and the doggo to Lambertville and New Hope. Ride around Lambertville, down by the river. Lock em up and walk over the bridge. Eat drink and be merry 
Nice! Love their shroomburger now they just need a nut or coconut milk shake
The poor people and hip restaurant area sounds like it’s right up my alley
No!
This Jared is worse than Subway Jared. Fuck off boy
Ocean and Monmouth counties are great places to live especially Ocean if you’re an outdoors person or like the beach.

Longer commutes to most jobs North but more affordable real estate and lower taxes and more chill place to live.
Define basically
Parking sucks in Hoboken too
Ruin the game for you how
Yes this is the funniest thing. I literally laugh out loud at them
Whining about it is even more of a pussy move
I’m a full fledged leftie and I agree with you. u/domtest your post is race-baiting troll fodder.

When you begin a conversation with those ulterior motives your arguments become tainted. 

There is an interesting conversation to be had about Willingboro’s real estate market and all the factors that affect it but it would require true intellectual curiosity not a baited social experiment.
r/madlads
But it takes a year of bills to get the increase. And if they increase it too much the tenant leaves and they don’t collect.

Flower, the game. In IRL
I kind of wish we didn’t neuter our boy I would love to see his pups. But we have no private yard and not much money or know how about dog breeding. And he’s a mix of a poodle and a golden so Idk how that would work. I hear the further away you get from golden and poodle parents the more health issues they have

I love my boy so much it hurts!

https://i.imgur.com/LNSb2WS.jpg
Try Bubba Gumbo
I watched Ren and Stimpy as a child I turned out mostly ok, I think


Ahh thanks! 
Wife and I in town this weekend from up north. Ate at Fox yesterday for lunch, today for dinner delicious food.


Asbury Park or Lambertville/New Hope
Grew up in Hudson county. After school in NYC lived in Newark (Ironbound), then Rutherford, West Orange, Belleville then moved to Toms River a couple years ago. 
Thanks Gov
What a fucking tool
Feel better?
Ocean County
Don’t have this problem anymore since I don’t consume dairy.

I buy 4 half gallons of almond milk at a time from Aldi and they’re good for a couple months. Bread always stocked as well. Keep it in the freezer. You’ll never have to deal with the momo hordes again.
Yea fuck that noise. Dink for life
I agree, “Alexa” is easy to say where “hey google” is weird and takes more effort. Even “google” is a weird word to say. 

We use them primarily for music and Alexa pales in comparison to home.

I wanted to listen to a new band I heard of called Haunting Portraits. 

I ask “Alexa, play Haunting Portraits on Spotify.” Alexa responds with sorry, I couldn’t find that on Spotify.

I tell Google Home the same thing and it plays fine.

This happens frequently.
Great song! Listening to you on Spotify now. Do you know what time you will be taking the stage
Thanks for the suggestions. I think games like this are just too complicated for me. Too much stuff to worry about, attributes and that. 

I plan on trying it again (I bought it but sold it soon after a while ago) but I play more pick up and play type games.
I have one of each. We like Google Home better
I wish this game had an easy mode
You’re right I should have directed my comment towards the Hasids moving into towns around Lakewood and other areas. They are being directed to do so as policy by their leadership, the so-called “schtickle pioneers.”

http://shorenewsnetwork.com/new-jersey/ocean-county-news/toms-river-news/rabbi-brooklyn-jews-encouraged-to-be-shtickle-pioneers-to-settle-ocean-county/
You are making assumptions and generalizations yourself. You like to throw that word around quite liberally. Do you think it is supposed to scare people into not offering criticism of what these people engage in? 

Yes my initial comment was reductionist. But that’s the reaction many of us who live in the communities they are moving into have to their blatant abuse. It is their actions that paint themselves in a negative light.

I suspect you don’t live where this is happening. It is difficult for people to fully realize how they are impacting communities and peoples’ financial situations (real estate) if they don’t see it regularly. From afar you jump to conclusions and label critics bigots but there is much more to the story.
Heading out Wednesday night on a road trip to Georgia. Hope it’s not too bad
Some landscaping would add interest and wind blocking. And some Park benches for extra seats. Hell add a pergola and a table nearby at some point
Nope. Don’t like their corruption. Read up on their tactics. What they’re doing is un-American and cult-like. It’s actually a disgrace that they are allowed to get away with their daily thieving. 

To recognize this doesn’t make me a bigot. They can’t hide behind the anti-Semitic banner that’s not what this is about.
Bc with the eruv come them
You really don’t have to
Yup. Bury em. Bonus is no more eruv
It’s funny how butthurt a lot of players get when you bump or demo them. I love it when they whine
Like daddy like son. Lock him up
Nice. I’m 30 minutes south via the parkway and go there often so it’ll be convenient to stop for supplies if it ever comes to pass. 

I’m in Toms River and they’ve talked about a preemptive ban but it’s been tabled for now. They’re going to revisit it if the state legalizes.
Thank god for Asbury Park
No. Well stocked with bread and almond milk at all times. I did stop for beer though
He should go vegan not just veg
Shut that cesspool down
Wife and I will be in Savannah from Thursday to Sunday. didn’t even know this was going on! 

How does it work? Do you need tickets? 
Rocket League, of course

I’ve never played a game this frequently (almost daily) for so long (since launch) before

Although I play it on PC most these days
Yea. Was cheap though. Bought them using amazon no rush credits and Plus was on sale too
Here’s the thing. They are walkable towns with a lot of  amenities and they are more affordable than places closer to NYC.

For people who work in NJ they are great places to either live in or be close to. 

I’m even further from NYC bc I bought the space I wanted at a price I could afford. RB and AP (mostly AP) are my go to spots for weekend fun. Not everyone wants to or can afford to live in a dense urban environment. 


I’m subbed til March 2021

Not sure after that. PS4 might be last console I buy. I use PC much more and I don’t like the idea of content trapped on old systems 
Login to https://account.sonyentertainmentnetwork.com

Click on Media on top bar
Look at expiration date
YES!!!
yes, that's what decriminalization means. you pay a fine and get no criminal record since you aren't prosecuted
Yes!

“If you go with a third-party router and bridged FiOS router/MoCA adapter, all you'll lose are Remote DVR (the ability to program and watch the DVR away from home) and On-Screen Caller ID, which is only relevant if you have a landline phone with Verizon. All other guide and DVR functions will still work.”

https://reddit.com/r/Fios/comments/8178ha/_/dv0znfo/?context=1
Would look better with black stripes
You didn’t full stop though bro
Vita cross buy at least hopefully
Maybe we’ll still get Vita cross buy titles? 
Wonder if we will get Vita version of PS4 games that have crossbuy
Hmm I wonder if cross but PS4 titles will still add the Vita version to our libraries...
Yes! And psone!
It was probably all just for show anyway. A time waste and a distraction
What ATX statement?
Frary’s Peak
Poor doggo. Put down more rugs
Offseason is bestseason!

Not really, summer is glorious. But offseason is beautifully serene
And by how much has the Hasids’ corruption increased in the same time?
So glad I don’t have to take 495 to/from work anymore. 
The landscape is different. But it is beautiful. Pine forests, sandy soils, marshes, rivers, lakes, ocean, bays. 

The commute part is an issue if you work outside of the state. But if you can find work in-state it’s a reasonable drive from many points south in Monmouth and Ocean counties. 

I am really enjoying life here. Great parks and Open Spaces for hiking and other recreation, various beach towns within 20-30 minutes, and reasonable real estate prices and taxes. 


Go west (and south Jersey) young man
Doesn’t say much about the company you keep. Boring people are naturally bored.
The first half of that word salad of a paragraph is pure deflection. This is such a tired and weak tactic.

The rest of your ranting is a scare-mongering word jumble.
Eh, don't want to buy a whole new machine. We like the K250  we have now. It's not that big a deal. Certainly not enough to replace it
Good point. But there is a major difference between them. The GOP has shown their willingness to throw their hat in with an anti-government corrupt business tycoon who violates Constitutional norms and arguably Constitutional laws. As long as it lets them engage in their power grab under the radar they are happy. Despite the long term damage being done to our democratic society. 
Clever girl
What a letdown, I thought there was going to be an actual reason instead of a rhetorical comeback worthy of a toddler. Try harder
I haven’t really gotten into EPL. Haven’t been keeping tabs.  Don’t really miss it either.  MLS is more interesting.
this is a wonderful feeling. Looking forward to it
not much reason yes, but there is some reason.

I turn ours off after each use as well since we usually only have one cup a day in the morning. It would be useful to tell Alexa to warm up the coffee machine instead of pressing the button. And then to turn it off without having to press the button.

I'm going to hook up my Keurig to smart plug, even just to turn it off it could be useful. 
How sheltered must someone be to think a whole goddamned state with so much history and natural beauty in literally every single direction, and all around it for hundreds of miles is nothing more than just a place to shit and sleep between visits to New York City?

You gotta be a youngin with that attitude. It’s not my job to explain to you all that one gets from living their life within these boundaries. It’s your job to go out there and explore and have experiences and expand your horizons. There is so much to do and see here that people have written books about it. Feel free to google it.


You did the right thing. Yea it sucks but it’s worth it. I thought though you had to wait 30 days to be new customer, or use a different name could make it work earlier?

If they do call you though please update your post. Would like to hear what happened.
“Without any of the good”

This is true if the only good thing you think is here is proximity to NY. Which many people will tell you is just silly.
I hear you. I’m not in a position to get a job paying me 6 figures. The job I do now would likely be less salary in other states with cheaper COL so it’s all relative. 

NYC a reasonable drive away. I went to a concert at the Beacon last week. After work, drove in. Was home just after midnight. Went to work the next day no problem. Philly the same. I don’t go often but it’s nice to be able to when I want.

Lots of parks and hiking around me, lots of beach towns. Asbury Park 30 min away, I visit throughout the year. IBSP season pass for summer beach days is the shit. 

Some people actually like living in NJ go figure.

Houston? Checking Zillow lots of places under/near $300k with prop taxes 40-50% less. Not bad bu it’s not mind blowingly more affordable. In comparison NJ is not “ridiculously expensive” unless you’re talking about places worth more than 500k close in to NY. And you have to want to live in Houston. I am suspicious of their school quality. The weather is another issue for me since I like having four seasons. Also, no tornados in Jersey. The flood prone-ness of Houston revealed another potential strike for their unchecked/unwise over-development. Traffic I hear is bad too.



Lol guess you’re not ready to self-actualize. Pity. Good luck in life
I notice you didn’t answer the question. Interesting.

I’ll still try answering yours though.

Most of a team’s fan base comes from the geographical area the team represents. That obviously doesn’t mean people not within the market area shouldn’t be fans. But, those fans’ reasons are different than the motivations of typical team fans and vary widely.

Anyway, go ahead and be a fan of whoever you want but expect to be ridiculed for it. Just know your Rangers fandom for a person from NJ makes you look like just another wannabe New Yorker from New Jersey. 

Have some fucking self-pride man and don’t be yet another NY lemming. 


The Devils are New Jersey’s team. Our only team. 

For many of us pride in the team is part of the pride we feel about where we are from. What is it you get out of being a Rangers fan? From New Jersey?
Just a hunch

You’re self-hating because (assuming) you are from NJ you don’t root for the team that represents your home.

You glom onto the NY franchise because it is more popular and “cool” to like NY things than NJ things.

Same goes for the rest of the wannabe NYer New Jerseyans


Sprouts FTW
Another self-hating Rangers fan from New Jersey. Sad
when I can get damn good tasting almond milk for $2 a half gal why bother
Dole fruit juice? why
just got 6 avocados from ALDI in NJ. $0.57 each on sale, nice big ones
the Raddison in Paramus by the Parkway was pretty hopping ten years ago when I worked nearby
it's not
Yoga man, that's the ticket
"not because they want to"

what does that mean? sure no one wants to pay more than they think the place is worth point is it is worth what they are asking, despite what the renter feels. The rent price is based on the ownership cost and physical maintenance, plus profit.

if you want more than a 1br for $1,000 a month housing payment then you'll have to come up with a down payment and take on a mortgage.
because lots of people are moving in, and being born, and growing up
well despite the headline the real story is what she was trying to raise the alarm about. 
Iwould  like to have  this

You have a monitor mount attached yes? It works well? Stable? Not going to sag? I assume IKEA? The usual linnmon?thanks man
😂 this legit fucking cracked me up [7]
Haven’t done it in a couple years but no they were pleasant.

Is yours hardcore 
I actually love hot yoga
I just moved to somewhere I could comfortably afford and that was close enough to the beach to go to IBSP most  weekends in the summer and have no more than an hour commute to work (I work in NJ). Yes it meant moving out of NE Jersey where I have lived all my life but I get more home for my money down here. The equivalent of my townhouse condo up there would be near $400k with double the tax bill, and then hoa fee on top of that.

Yea we're not going to retire off the value of our homes like people buying in the in-demand, nyc and philly commuter towns but you get more for your money. Plus a lot of us living in these areas actually like it.
Too much work, same for curtailing their annoying ass yapping at every person and dog passing by. 
Try Belleville. I had a 1br in an apartment building on Washington ave from 2012 to 2015. 

Rent was $715, then $750, then $800

Not the greatest building but not terrible, it served its purpose
Namaste motherfucker!
So leave then
And yet landlords have tenants paying those rents 
Or, move within the state to more affordable areas
There is tons of blue collar work. You don’t need a degree. Learn a trade. Wish I did.
I mean of course it’s about him. That’s why the Dr. is there 
Smiling is for the offseason
Pff lmk when the bougie “Taylor ham” gets a song as good as Ween’s pork roll, egg and cheese (on a Kaiser bun)
No one knew how complicated this was!
If prop taxes are paid through escrow don’t pay if you decide to walk away. Bank will pay
You have been awarded my stupid post of the day award. Congratulations!
A paintable cord cover for the tv will do wonders
When was the last time you ate a cotton swab
I heard there are people working on making a vegan version!
Bit dramatic. It’s a suburban mall no more no less
Horizontal viewing field is not so wide, less neck twisting.

Nice long browser window. Great for browsing tumblr. And porn (portrait porn pics ftw)
You’re 81? Sell and rent 
I like the area but it there aren’t a lot of affordable (near 300k) options unfortunately.

I lived in West Orange for a few years same rule. A few times though the PD would tell me they were not accepting any exception requests for that night. I forget what the reason was they gave me but yea this can be one an issue. All you can do is roll the dice on those rare times. I did get a ticket once too. They do enforce it.
Yea that’s what I was thinking. You have no plans to use it anyway so why not. If society ever collapses it will be good to have around
Good man, I commend you 

I would consider burying it with some ammo just in case you ever need it. 
Why hello frequent nj.com commenter
GTFO
Yawn. Really low effort and I don’t even watch the game anymore
Ok tough guy
Eating pussy is pretty gay 
Yea you know Putin loves the cock
Trump supporters dude
Did you take down that stupid cairn
Thanks!
Best thing everyone can do. Just ignore the mental midget’s ramblings
No Man’s Sky 
WE GOT THESE MOTHERFUCKING SNAKES ON THIS MOTHERFUCKING ISLAND MAN

but yea that blew my mind. Like damn that’s their welcome into the world. And that one part where the just-born guy lies still while watching another newbie have the life squeezed out of him. 
Gettysburg
Shenandoah National Park
Assateague 
Monticello
Delaware River Valley
Wow really really nice 
Watch and you’ll see
They colluded once they were offered dirt on Clinton and setup meetings instead of immediately reporting it to the FBI
Obviously not
I would buy it if I could also use it on my computer too in theater mode 
Go to bars. 
Drink beer. 
Get a to go cup.
Put beer in it.
Go for a walk and drink beer.

Relax in a beautiful park square with your buds and have a chat about life.

Also, smile and be nice to your fellow humans
Try harder
https://i.imgur.com/YdTHjrZ.jpg

Big stick boyes
Yes you’ll have to pay. Buy the seasonal pass
All part of the plan you see
And I see you are a child, go back to the comments section of nj.com
I SAID PISS OFF
Ok Don Jr
A shore town visit. I recommend OG and Asbury Park. Go for a walk on the beach or boardwalk. Bring bikes if you got em. Take some selfies.  Catch a movie or some live music. 

Get coffee, lunch or dinner, a treat, drinks. 
Piss off Trumpscum
Anal leakage
What town I’m not clicking that
Shame. We could use a new source of jobs in this town. Growhouses, dispensaries, bakeries, other ancillary business activity would be a good shot in the arm, pun intended. 

Properly regulated cannabis, just like alcohol, has a lot of potential. There is a lot of economic opportunity being passed up on.
My wife hasn’t smoked for 5 years. She stopped soon after we got together for a sober challenge. We’re going away for a long weekend in a few weeks. We’re gonna drink and smoke (in moderation) and just have a fun time together and cut loose and oh did I say she is cute? She cute af r/humblebrag 

I’m lookin forward to it! And the inebriated sexes
Black stripes would have been better
Not saying they are going to for any reason 
It’d become a lot less diverse real quick if them H1B’s were to go away
Las Vegas Vegans
I just start yelling Hail Satan at them
Any tips?do I just put the put in the ground under some dirt?
Sign up with Comcast, etc then cancel Fios. 

Wait a month and sign back up.

It’s a hassle but worth it
Wish they would think of the people that might get some relief or comfort from CBD. Some people are dying and CBD can offer them something pharmaceutical drugs cannot. Sad
Wife and I will be in Savannah that weekend (before St Pats). I’d love to hear some bagpipers. Where will they be?

How bout the Irish Festival?
Lol  another Juice Plus bitch
True. True.
<cartman>Lame</cartman>
And for Uncle Dood’s Donuts
Philly Philly!
InstantPot does rice and lots of other things like beans, and lentils. Some can also be used as a slow cooker
The beach is more like 30 minutes away but I agree, Howell is nice and relatively affordable. More for your money
Ocean County 1800 sq ft townhouse, 4k taxes
Another 4k hoa fees
I don’t mind it. 
Insurance is only $300 a year. 

I also wouldn’t mind a 55+ place in another 15 years
I’m always so happy to land I want to shake the pilots and and thank them. Or be cool and go for a fist bump. But I get shy and just do a smile and a little head nod while leaving the plane.

Much respect 
Fuck Mike Pence and the ugly baboon’s ass he rode in on
NBC wouldn’t like that 
😆 good one
Nice change of subject
Edgy
Lentils are so good!

Make em in an InstantPot.. fast, easy, delicious
Wrong
Fuck you 
Loaded with puss and hormones
You’ll want to focus on calorically dense complex carbohydrate whole plant foods like potatoes, beans, lentils, squash, brown rice, oats, quinoa, legumes, and grains

http://www.forksoverknives.com/top-tips-for-plant-based-athletes/

http://www.nomeatathlete.com/vegan-athlete-snacks/

http://www.ground-based.com/blogs/daily-health/meal-planning-and-plant-based-athletes/
Dude I’m telling you, you don’t need meat to feel satisfied or to completely nourish you. NFL players have gone vegan, NBA too. These guys are probably bigger than you with greater caloric and nutritional demands and they are thriving.
I rarely eat pizza since going mostly vegan but hot damn when I do Denino’s in Brick is on point
You see what they do to provide you with your precious dead flesh? Animal abuse happens everywhere everyday in the meat and dairy industry.  They don’t have to suffer. Change your ways. Stop buying dairy milk, severely reduce your meat intake, you’ll feel better about not supporting torture and by not consuming the dead flesh of animals that endured torture for you.  Throw off your chains and you’ll free them of theirs too.
I am the best and smartest vegan I took a test. I have the best fruits and veggies believe me.
Not that amazing. I mean, look at those titties man
Selfishness and poor health. Sad
Yea and we didn’t have industrial agriculture during evolution either. 
That’s what you’ll say when you develop prostate cancer
So make it a once in a while treat then. You don’t need meat to be a staple of your diet 
Because Mormons 
Meat eaters this on your souls. Repent, meat is unnecessary 
Carry in, carry out assholes. It’s not fucking difficult
Sons of Ben been singing this for years at Union games.

Originated from Millwall FC in England in the 70s

But yea fits great for the Eagles too
https://i.imgur.com/7B8octr.jpg
I see me! Hah in from f the library
No downside. Do eet
Keep the receipt return after
Same probably. I’m biking it in from Jersey. Cousin apparently coming by SEPTA but don’t think he on top of the ticket game
It’s called commiseration. Take your shit to Facebook fucko
You know you sound like mommy and daddy pay for your electricity
Hey fuck you pal
Same size here. Though it’s a 3 story townhouse. Hopefully goes back to normal next month and that was just an anomaly
You assume way too much. I’m not saying this is a conspiracy by the electric provider. Just shocked at how much more it was. Calm down 
Fucking ugh. Just take a look at Parkway South. NY plate? Check. Minivan? Check. Hasid? Check. Steer clear
http://6abc.com/sports/septa-website-shows-eagles-parade-ticket-availability/3047466/

Don’t know enough about it. I think subway is free but not regional
Yikes. Same thing happening with SEPTA tickets. 
That’s the Cosmos! Though I like to think the name was inspired in part by them.

Cosmos 
Metrostars


I hear you. My stepfather is stage 4. At that point it probably wouldn’t help unfortunately
Soccer team, now called New York Red Bulls
That’s sad
👏👏👏
I’d say 8 but would come before 7
It’s football fans. No they don’t care

could say the same for “sports fans” too. It’s just a stereotype. But still doesn’t matter, it’s close enough. Besides it’s not a replication it’s an homage.

Poetic license bitch
I see no problem with reducing the population of stupid people naturally. Thanks Trump doing a bang up job
Isnt the sound quality is the exact same as wired earpods
Kind of
It’s the Trump way
Just seems crazy to me. It’s more expensive than my most expensive summer electric bill
Yea decided against public transportation. Driving to Camden and biking it over the bridge
I’m bringing a few cans in my backpack with a little cooler bag. I’m not trying to get shitfaced tho
Ugh
Can't since I'm not in the area. do I really need a ticket? it's going to be so crammed with people they can't check everyone right. I have no idea how Patco works never rode it

I like my bike idea. Never done it before it'll be an adventure!
I wonder by what time the lots are going to fill up
I'm an atheist but I'd ride or die with Jesus anytime
bike?
it's beautiful man
poor pupper
In line for tickets or to get on the train? 
Oh man I’m having second thoughts now sounds like a shit show!  PATCO is releasing a special Thursday schedule later today. I’m thinking I’ll just head out very early and try to park at the furthest station from Philly. 
Oo boy this sounds like it could be a mess. 

Maybe I should just drive into Philly and walk . Any areas where I can get a street spot? I don’t mind a long walk to the parade route
Thanks. Seems I’d be going out of my way a bit. I’d have to drive the same distance to AC as Camden do I might as well make the drive towards Philly. I’ll probably take 70 W
Can they be bought online? I won’t be in the area for anything until Thursday 
Damn how did you get those doors to align so perfectly. I took out standard hinged double doors in my bedroom and put in barn doors but they don’t line up very well it’s not a seamless closure like yours. Frankly it’s janky as fuck and I spent $800 :(

The doors were made of pine planks and I think they warped or weren’t squared off to begin with. I spend a lot on the material alone. :( I wish yours were mine
Thanks
Thanks this is part of the point I was trying to make. They have and continue to benefit greatly through tactics like gerrymandering
it’ll take me just as long to get to Camden or AC that’s why I figured Patco.  Ride will take a while with all the stops I guess. 

Is Amtrak direct? much more $? Thanks 
Ah didn't think of that thanks. A seat would be nice. maybe I'll do Lindenwold. I've never ridden on PATCO, I'm driving from Toms River
yeah I think he does try and give credit where credit is due. I don't care for him but I didn't get the feeling he was favoring either team
Incredible game and incredible season. One for the ages!
Cool thanks man! 
yeah but Gorsuch is a stain on the Court. have you read any of his arguments? They are freakin amateur hour. He is an intellectual inferior to the rest and has politicized his seat. Shameful tactics got him there. We will be dealing with that for a generation.
Thanks!
Ok hater
Gorsuch on the Supreme Court hurts
We shall see. Toronto didn’t completely dominate everyone in the playoffs.

This is the benefit of a playoff format, of having a regular season winner and a playoff winner. 
Thank you. There not enough daily life battle stations posts.
They’re not all hardcore
Sad
I wonder if there is any reference whatsoever regarding love and loyalty for one’s country.

As an atheist who hasn’t studied the Bible I’m guessing no
Foles talks about becoming a pastor when his playing days are over. Wentz might want to too the way he talks about his faith.

Hell Im an atheist and I can dig Jesus Christ the man
I need this in my life for my dog and cat

https://i.imgur.com/WXlNORs.jpg
What is the name of the group of ladies in yellow please
Yup he quite obviously is 
Republican voting numbers are on a long term and slow decline. GOP are grasping at the reins of power  by any means necessary no matter the cost. It’s clearly party over country for (most of) them.
Crash and burn please so I can get back in at a cheaper price
I think there might be too much excess
Toms River now but only for a couple years. Moved from North Jersey. Fly Eagles Fly! 

Btw, I only really hate the Cowboys and the Patriots. I rooted for the Giants against NE in the Super Bowl that year.

If you’ve been following this Eagles team this year I don’t get how you could hate them. Great group of guys, great story from Wentz to the backup Foles. Several Jersey natives on the Eagles too. 


🤔
So then a 30 yr is perfect for you. You can pay more as well to reduce the interest you pay. Anything extra you pay directly reduces the principal balance.

If you plan to live in the place that long buying a place even with a 30 yr is much better financially for you than renting the equivalent.
I have to unplug and replug my Echo once a week. I have never had to do that with my Google Home.

Im in the process of shipping it to Amazon for warranty repair/replacement.  Thinking about selling it when I get it back for another Google Home
Same basic method used by Fox News and the President
That smile tho who can blame the guy
Most people do not pay off their mortgage. They sell before 30 years
Until the next flood 
I upvoted without looking at the username/flair. After reading your comment and seeing it was a Rangers fan I took it back. 
Why don’t you go be a Rangers fan. We don’t want you
You like meat assholes
That’s kind of its reason for being 
Do you masturbate in there? I would , like all the time 
I was rooting for the Giants when they beat the Pats in the Super Bowl. C’mon do it, it’ll be fun!
They are extremely likable! Good group of guys, having fun, playing with confidence. And oh yea with a backup qb that nearly retired before coming back to the team that drafted him. 
I like ketchup and mustard on my veggie burgers 
End unit or middle?
ATL: let’s be imaginative and take a chance and use Metrostars red and black vertical stripes
Holy shit! As if I couldn’t love this team anymore already 
Trump voters logic: “just fuck my shit up” 
Just fly with it man
Rekt
The cheapest estimate is rarely the best estimate 
he lied. he said the 3D printer was coming in a few weeks. 3 months later still no 3D printer on that table
a lot of my friends are getting married and having kids.
so I decided to start my own youtube channel 😂
how much is your rent? where do you live? how many bedrooms and bathrooms? 
Damn man that fucking sucks
Sadly I won’t be coming down after all. My cousin can’t make it and I’m not driving 13 hours each way myself. Sucks! Really wanted to watch the game with my bro and the fine (drunk) people of Savannah
Yea when we’re together in the living room we use the fp it heats that room very well. The furnace would be a waste since the heat mostly goes upstairs where we’re not 
Was the most recent bill more than usual?
Yea my therms used went from 161 to 251. The charge per actually went down slightly
Damn got my heart beating faster watching this. I know in the moment he felt wronged and compelled to chase her but what was his end game? 

He had dashcam vid of the plate. Stop the car in a safe spot and call the police with the information. Do not do what this guy did.
Going to watch eagles fly
People do this all the time
Beautiful doggo
they do on escrowed mortgages. First they pay it out of escrow then when no escrow funds they keep paying the taxes resulting in negative escrow account balance.
Might “have”
Whatever bougie
What would the commute be. Just calculate how more much you’d spend in gas, tolls, wear and tear, and your time. 

It might be worth it. What towns you looking at
Clever girl
Asbury Park said it wants to
Find a job yet? Hope you do that first . Or will you commute to current job 
No credit card? Buy a bus ticket 
Banks pay the property taxes 
No nj.com spamming pls
Call again explain the situation to a supervisor. If they don’t honor it stick to your principles and cancel. Try signing up again in 30 days
God think of how ancient fucking archaic ass history we will be in that many years. There is no escaping it that future time is there and will be at sine point in the far far future. It’s just a matter of time. We are nothing and our existence is utterly meaningless and fleeting
Sry thought bc of your username you were a tattoo artist 
Eagle tattoos all around!
Sure thing Eagle bro! You do tattoos? Hmmmm
GTFO
Yea man! I’m thinking the place that has the game projected on the side of a building 
 go Birds! My cousin and I are driving down from NJ to watch the game with my brother who lives there. We’ll probably watch the game somewhere around Ellis Square.
https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/blogs/assets/tetrapod-zoology/File/then-why-are-there-still-wolves-meme-320-px-tiny-Dec-2015-Tetrapod-Zoology.jpg
is this on tv? i have fios, in NJ
I don’t believe such a thing is possible
Fuck. Tfankxxzlog man 😪
I wish this helped me. It just makes it hurt more 😪
There are no words. Just, it fucking sucks so bad. Been there and will again. And again and again. 😪
Fuck 😭

https://i.imgur.com/expAGnO.jpg

It’s going to completely wreck me 
Good. Look at that soulful creature man. We don’t have to torture them we don’t have to eat them. ❤️
Yea and I don’t eat rat either. Hmmm
Orem? It looks familiar
Love Uncle Doods!

They are also working on having vegan donut options.

If you’re in Asbury Park you can’t beat tofu tacos and veg fried rice from Mogo and some donuts from Purple Glaze
Thanks mang
That’s cool. 
You should stop holding the rest of us hostage to your selfish choices
 it was set up but dog was still on the escalator

Thanks for your concern 
They who? People don’t “make” plants
Your funeral
No it isn’t. Because this isn’t how I or others always raise this issue. It’s just one reaction not an actual ideology.

If one person changes their food habits bc they were shamed into finally realizing how selfish they are being it was worth it
It’s tiresome always having to be nice about it. And when being reminded of the literal despoiling of such an important natural resource as the Amazon rainforest that’s the simple reaction I have.

I am about 99% plant based food. Even if everyone who says they care about the environment cut their meat intake in half it would do a lot of good.

Like fuck fine you don’t have to be vegan but stop eating so much meat and dairy. Baby steps 


What are you trying to say 
Umm bro?
Stop eating meat assholes
Credit Karma
Idc still playing Downwell
something tells me Reddit wouldn't allow a 3rd party access to their chat api
We were and are obviously under attack.

But to get rid of Trump collusion would have to be proven. Which to me it seems pretty clear has already happened. Once the Russians approached his campaign with opposition research and were not reported seems to me an unlawful action.

The propaganda campaign for American hearts and minds continues unabated even today.
THIS. let Meuller do his job and come what may. I fear what the altright and the extremists they are encouraging and inspiring may do if Trump were going to be forcibly removed from office. And I think he and the Repubs complicity is doing them a lot of damage among swing voters/independents.

So it might be best for the country if he were to resign instead of get kicked out.

But no matter what happens we must win as many seats in the House as we can. That should be the focus of our efforts
The internet is a cesspool 
What threat was she to other students that they wouldn’t even let her attend graduation in the audience.  The school could have handled this with more compassion. 
It’s not really an issue. The things last a long time and people generally switch them out at home when they’re kicked. Or they save the old ones for those dry times 😉
It’s not for gaming
next time take a shit in the recycle bin
that's cheap. I'm looking at tickets for NY  they're a hundo for something decent
Hah love the sports jacket
That’s an op-ed you know that right?
I'll have to check it out. Hopefully they have lots of veg options!
I like the idea of adding the property to the town's Open Spaces inventory and maybe extending Huddy Park  with the land

why the million dollar premium over the market value though I wonder
nope, moved here end of 2015

all I'd need for a night out there is a cool theater and like an ocean organics or something. :) if only that area could be more of a destination
Do they each serve a different purpose 
Very very nice. Love the built in light overhead. Can you control it while sitting at the desk
What’re all the backpacks for
This is basic functionality I use a hundred times a day
BYOB
For me a theater showing indie/art/classic movies would be a destination itself
Yea. It’s the master plan being updated. It will take years to see the effects. 

What I’d love to see is a small movie theater downtown. 
But he’s all over the ad. It’s a bad for him as much as it is anything else
Lame. But I’m an infrequent buyer and am in Asbury Park regularly so not too concerned. Would be nice for the town to get in on some extra revenue though.
why type 5 letters instead of 4
Sad they got rid of google by sms too
Sure I’ll give him some credit for the performance of the stock market. Which of course is merely one facet of the economy.

Funny how the unemployment numbers under Obama were somehow fake but now they’re real? He is plainly dishonest to say the least.