Fortnightly.
Huge achievement for them, congrats to all at Wimbledon. It was tragic what happened with the shift to MK.
Just drink in the pubs around the ground, there's plenty. The Strawberry, Trent House, the Northern Terrace etc. Just have a wander around the city and perhaps a stroll in Leazes Park.
Doesn't look real or legit to me, but I like the classic stripes as with this seasons kit.
My feeling is he doesn't have any intention of selling the club. He gets too much out of it, both financially, and for raising his and Sports Directs profile. The whole announcement behind selling the club just being a way of blowing smoke up our collective arses.
I'm one of the lucky ones who picked up tickets to see a showing of this at SJP.
Hughes is already in at Southampton.
He reminds me very much of Hatem. Be great if we can sign him on a permanent, but with his performances this season, I think Chelsea under a new manager will probably want another look at him in pre season. 
He's too much. Maybe he thinks he's funny. 
If you can join a guild that does regular raids your currency accrual shouldn't then be a problem.
I farmed her up to 7 stars reasonably quickly, she's on 2-A (hard) & 5-D (hard) so it's useful for your dailies as well. Add into the mix she's often in the guild store.

I've just started farming Vet Chewie and then I'll need Vet Han, that's going to take forever as a F2P.
Flattered by the Arsenal job, as I suppose you would be, but I'm pretty hopeful he's going to stay with us even with Ashley at the helm.
MK Dons had me scratching my head for a minute. Til I realised they're of course on about Wimbledon. 
Okay what have you done to the real Luke Edwards?
Happy birthday dad. 
Wow, sorry you went through this. Definitely report the racists. 
It’s like the poster from Alien 3.
Perhaps a good proportion of that Asian community aren't muslim. There's sizeable Seikh & Hindu communities.
How come so few in Italy?

I was reading recently Athens was the only European capital that didn't have a mosque, but that is soon to change as one is currently being built.
I made a similar post some days ago from The Times that was removed due to 'lacking a credible source'? I'd be curious to know why this is allowed unless your including a  list of tabloids as credible sources.

I don't doubt there is evidence quite frankly, just more miffed about the inconsistency in moderation.
Maradona was a bit of an angry midget.
Can’t really go wrong with a club legends name and number on the back. Shearer 9 Beardsley 10 Gascoigne 8 etc. Either that or just the number.
Same old shit, different day.
Love this!
Yet Sadiq Kahn is more obsessed with stopping Brexit and insulting the US president.
We were slated by Neville and co for our defensive approach, but I don’t know what they expect.
Lots of ‘we must stop Brexit’ posts this morning.
Man has photo taken outside number 10 world exclusive.
Everyone should deactivate Twitter. It’s toxic. 
At last someone says it.
Best thing about the sequel trilogy by far. I really hope for his redemption in the third movie.
Nah.
Why was it okay for the government to spend £9m on a 'Remain' leaflet, that was hand delivered to each and every address in the UK?
Quite common. Mam Tor in the Peak District springs to my mind but there’s a list here. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tors
I honestly don't think so. He has a fantastic relationship with the fans, the issue is of course our ownership. Hopefully, a takeover is pending once we can guarantee survival. I get the impression from him he wants to stay, but, (as we all do) wants Ashley out. He's already been making statements in the local press aimed at the board that things need to change.
To me it's obvious this was a joke. Sure, perhaps in bad taste, but I doubt the guy has genuine antisemitic views. His mistake was of course posting it to Youtube and other social media.

I doubted it somewhat but after this I don't see how you can seriously say we any longer freedom of speech in this country. No more jokes about Jews, gays, the Irish, Catholic priests, or Islam; all deemed offensive by your overlords.
He has a sense of humour.
Considering he's supposed to be a correspondent for north-east football, Luke Edwards has a total downer on Newcastle, all his articles are the same.
You'll want to be around the town before the game, get yourself into the Strawberry for a few pints, have a walk around the stadium and into Leazes Park. Just enjoy the atmosphere and pre-match buzz really.
Correct me if you think I'm wrong, but I've just read a similar article by George Caulkin (link here https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/rafa-benitez-have-i-enjoyed-this-season-no-but-i-am-pleased-with-my-work-dgzlq0rfr?shareToken=e86ff8b80a2bec5c8015104f7d9115b6) which is obviously from the same interview as they both use the exact same quotes. Caulkin's come's across as positive for the future of the football club and of Rafa's continued plans, this on the other hand appears intent on casting doubt on his future at the club.
We thank Chelsea for Kenedy this season.
I’d say 8plus tbh. Faster, wireless Qi charging etc. 
He’s about as Welsh as I’m Jamaican anyway.
I tend to agree, traditionally our players have been overlooked by England going back years. I don’t know if it’s just a north east thing. Fuck the national side anyway, at least they’re appreciated at club level.
Britain had a motive to execute him but fails to express what reason that might be. Sounds like more obfuscation from Russia, as is of course expected.
Schoolyard bullies. 
I've heard this figure mentioned for him from a few papers. Where are they getting that from, it seems a bargain to me?
Legend is a word bandied around too often, but I think it applies to this man. RIP.
Yes! I'm more excited about BB8, my FO team is finally ready.

Still haven't levelled up the Veteran Solo & Chewie char's so no JTR for me.
Just read on the BBC: "US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said it appeared the "really egregious act... clearly came from Russia" and there should be "serious consequences".
Not Jesus, but Joseph, and his technicolor dreamflag.
How are you defining 'core element'? As that indicates to me you consider at least a significant percentage of leave voters were/are racist. I think that's a sweeping generalisation of the leave vote. I don't deny there were racist people who voted to leave, but to describe it as leaves core vote is incorrect in my opinion.

I think that’s bollocks, actually. I don’t believe the majority of the 17 plus million who voted to leave the EU did so with racist motives. People may have wanted controlled immigration, amongst the other myriad reasons people chose to vote leave, but you can’t tar people wanting controlled immigration as racist it’s ludicrous. 
Ahh, that old chestnut.
Yep, agree. Really feel sorry for the daughter.
You may appreciate this one then. My view on Saturday from the opposite end (Gallowgate)

https://i.imgur.com/CrklsNv.jpg 
Disgusting that, one of the worst things you can do to a person. Really liked Carra as well, gone way, way down in my estimation. He's lucky no one made a complaint to the police.
I'm so tired of this shit, there's something endemically wrong in this country. A serious example needs to be set, and not just the cursory custodial sentences.
What about the countless Indians and Pakistani’s who voted for Brexit, Vince? Are they also old and racist, you old racist. 
I was in there, fantastic.
Love that Kenedy runs to Gayle, and the hugs 😍
Fantastic.
Can't say I've ever seen such a breakdown before. Where was this from?
La Turbie. Been there.
Wiped out his whole family, to set an example to any other potential 'traitors'.
Neither of which have anything to do with the above. I agree though, it was chief EU firebrand Blair who took us into Iraq on a lie. 
Isn’t this was what was going on in Tower Hamlets?
Or Ainsley Harriott. lol
We could always point a trident missile at them I suppose...
I agree. I don’t know why the media took such a ‘LOL’ stance over what he said! I’d pull out tomorrow, expel the ambassador, whatever’s necessary. 
They already have. Everyone laughed at Boris Johnson for suggesting we boycott the World Cup.
We don’t tolerate anything of the sort. What would you have the UK do?
To stop people voting twice.
Better to zeta Kylo or Kylo unmasked? I've been saving Zeta's to give to KRU as it's a leader ability?
They can lobby all they want, is this really news.
I really want to see him redeemed. The best character by far in these movies.
You're a prime example of that, mate.
Only three points or one win in it. It’s too close to call, even for a supercomputer. 
Pleased to see so many comments from Scotland fans slagging these guys off. Jones saying now he won’t travel on public transport again. There’s a lot of Scotland ‘fans’ and I use the term loosely who are unable to win gracefully it seems.
Shocking. What's worse is the number of people, including on here, who appear to want to sweep this under the carpet. The highest rated comment being fuck off back to Russia spambot. The shame.
The Animals, Dire Straits, Sting, Dubstar, Lindisfarne, Brian Johnson (ACDC) and of course Cheryl. ;)
Nice wallop on the backside there.
As someone who farmed Jedi from the beginning, I wait oh so patiently for some breadcrumbs to fall from the table.
Sickener. Just hope those two extra points don't cost us at the season's end. Liverpool away next. 
Jordan colours.
Meh, got to stay up first. Worry about it in the summer. £100m in the summer and we'll talk.
Can't see this happening. I can drive in Australia, Japan and the US (with an IDP) but they wouldn't let me in Europe? lol
Which obviously means you should accept swarms of migrants without any complaint. 
Started watching the match last night and was asleep by half time. Not sure if that was the football or the six pints I had earlier.
Looks like the face of a duck to me. 
Makes me weep you just mentioning it.
I'm from Newcastle, so close to Vindolanda which is where these were found. The soil there has kept numerous organic items in excellent condition. Most of you may have heard of the Vindolanda tablets https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vindolanda_tablets.
Excavations have been ongoing for years and they're still pulling some amazing items from the ground.

There's also a massive collection of shoes, and other items such as combs, and other leather items such as the head dress of a horse etc.
Waterloo.

Was reading this is probably the most historically accurate movie out there. Before the days of CGI so they used a huge amount of extras from the Russian military I believe. 

The history buffs guy did a YouTube video on it. https://youtu.be/sWKk5Sy0JT8
Nowt wrong with Pizza Express imo. You can't take your date to the Ritz every time.

Personally I'd say to the cinema to see something shite. You don't have to talk and can instead have a snooze. 
Aye, you’re right. 
You reckon? It was only the Burnley game he really stood out for me.
Since the Burnley 0-0 at SJP he’s been a revelation. Don’t know what they’ve been slipping in his tea but more of the same please!
Aguero shouldn't have reacted, but we don't know what was said. Regardless he'll be facing a ban. Wigan will also definitely face a reprimand for the pitch invasion. Expect some fall-out from this over the next few days.
All valid points, most of which I wasn’t aware, but for me the biggest issue was still the price. The X is still a sexy phone, hopefully they’ll correct these issues in future generations. 
Can't really say I've seen anything of him. I do occasionally go to see the U23's but haven't been for a while so guess he's just broken into the side at that level. Good luck to him though, hopefully we've got a player on our hands.
Hilarious...
I'd suggest she see a doctor personally.
Genius!
In the picture, it looks like he's stabbing himself in the face.
I never realised berghaus was founded in Newcastle, always thought it was German or Austrian.
Used to drink in those two pubs regularly. Had some good times. The pub on the left is the Prince of Wales.
Carrying the can for the Pardew appointment? Wonder if he'll follow them out of the door shortly.
Can never make Don Hutchison out. Having seen some of his more recent twitter comments I doubt very highly he's a Newcastle 'fan' as he trying to portray here. Seems to take joy out of spreading negative rumours about the club and antagonising fans.
Good name 10/10.
Wonder if the driver got away. 
I wonder, if Labour were in charge of negotiations, if we'd be any better off? Corbyn's no to the single market would leave is us in pretty much the same situation as now.
You could try the truegeordie's YouTube channel. He's very popular, discusses football and gaming mostly. He has a pretty standard north eastern/Geordie accent.
There's some decent YouTube videos around, that'd be my first port of call. Other than that it's learning the dialect. Again, I'd assume there'll be decent sources online if you have a Google. 
Yeah, likewise we've been trying to get a grip on immigration for years and have seemingly been unable to. It would be difficult politically to make it happen. We currently have freedom of movement within the EU and nothing could realistically happen until after we've left the EU and it's freedom of movement. In principle though I think I'd be in favour. 
As a Brit, yes please. Not sure how our Aussie, Kiwi & Canadian friends would feel about it though?
1.
containing error; mistaken; incorrect; wrong:
an erroneous answer.
2.
straying from what is moral, decent, proper, etc.

Number 2 is what I was shooting for.
Problem?
A US/Hungarian citizen, who benefits greatly from the EU, investing heavily into pro EU propaganda. More than slightly erroneous.
No. 
Honestly think players should get a ban for this sort of thing.
Fuck all in that, if that's what we're giving yellow cards for...
Rumbled.
I'd been farming him on cantina battles for a while, but he was only on 6 stars prior to this I was only 11 short. The remainder I just exchanged for shard store tokens. 
Savages! 😂
"Read page 3 first" 🤤
No, we had our vote, and I still believe even a second referendum would have a similar outcome.
8 plus here. No problems on that score for me. I'd try a restart to see if that sorts it but failing that take it into the Apple store.
Is the phone a X?
Rees-Mogg to be honest showed strong character here, he wasn't intimidated and when interviewed afterwards said he didn't feel threatened. These masked men were clearly threatening, with one appearing to pull his arm back as if to throw a punch.
'Fake news' and all that.
Balderdash.
It doesn't look bad considering it's 800 plus years old. Lincoln's actually a really nice medieval city, there's a castle with an original copy of the magna carta and it used to be a Roman town of which parts are still visible, so the history here stretches way back. Worth a visit.
Oh man, I so love the poll:

Will this new law stop you masturbating? 

Can't answer, too busy masturbating 50% 
No 31% 
Yes 19%


I'm from and live in Newcastle so fairly close by. We voted remain here, which was pretty marginal (51-49%). I think we were the only remain constituency in the region. Sunderland, Gateshead, Darlington, Durham, Hartlepool, Middlesbrough, Stockton, Redcar and Cleveland, North Tyneside and South Tyneside, and Northumberland voted leave. To be honest I've not really noticed much of a change of attitude, maybe that's because I live in 'remain' Newcastle but I do know plenty brexit voters who's stance has hardened. It's all circumstantial of course.
The migrant crisis will be the downfall of all Europe. These people are criminals and should be roundly deported. 
I remember Sunderland being one of the biggest leave voting constituencies. Just checked and it was 61% leave. I doubt this has anything to do with the result. Lib Dems usually very good on local issues, and would definitely attribute this to the latter. 
The comment is a quote from Kevin Keegan, regarding Ashley's ownership for those trying to take the piss. 
Don't know why anyone would have a problem with this. I quite liked Goal as well. 
Goal probably to answer for a lot of one signings 😂
I don't think it's just this sub to be fair. Seems to be loads of negativity in general amongst all nufc fans, including on forums and Twitter etc.
Probably correct. Growth being driven by investment will be lower due to uncertainty, I certainly don't expect the economy to tank, however. In the mid-longer term growth could be significantly higher.

It is true that the vote to leave wasn't one of economics only. It signified a significant change in direction for the UK.
Even the shutters are in the same position.
What are you babbling on about? It was a mistake by Blair, and hence a British mistake.
I'd rather we made our own mistakes, thanks. 
It's a shame, I think countries like Canada and Australia, NZ etc should have much better rights for movement & work etc. This is something that may well change in the not too distant post-Brexit future, hopefully.
We can thank Blair for that.
This is pure speculation by the way. No source, no quotes, nothing to support it.
Some of the replies in this thread are embarrasing. There's quite a few salty people on this sub I'm afraid. 

In regards to your question, it's unlikely you'll be eligible for British citizenship through descent. You can have a check here though. https://www.gov.uk/check-british-citizen
With me specifically.
I pray for you.
Sorry to be pedantic, it's *too.
Interesting! Thanks for the link.
I was just asking the question, but really it's by the by. Why have these tests at all if there is no lesson to be learned from it?
Upon which a lesson will no doubt be applied if you 'fail'?
This sounds less like lessons in tolerance and critical thinking and more like state (or OECD) sponsored brain-washing to me. I'd be very suspicious of any such plan.
Whoever thought this was a good idea needs sacking.
I was expecting a stuffed Snoke toy.
I'm really enjoying the new Assassins Creed game; Origins, I'd recommend checking it out. Maps are pretty huge, great exploration.
Bebbanburgh in North East England marked on the map there, modern day Bamburgh (which is local to me); once the capital of the Kingdom of Northumbria which stretched at it's largest from the Humber, across to the Mersey on the west coast and as far as the Firth of Forth in Scotland. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom_of_Northumbria
& this is what a German would say.
THE SHOES!
She's a charmer.
Be gobsmacked if this happens.
It'd be hugely expensive, it's also one of the busiest shipping lanes in the world. Also it would just be another bottleneck, more migrant camps etc. More hassle than it'd ever be worth.
Not feasible. Also. No.
She's exactly what we need. Someone who gives a shit. I so, so, hope something happens but my main concern is Ashley is just playing and has no intention of selling. Kind of depressing. :(
I've been here two or three times now. I spent quite a bit of time driving around the Peloponnese, and this is one of my favourite places to go to. Here and Ancient Messene. A charming village at the base of the rock, and quite a trek up to the top for those who wish to take it.
Pretty amusing. It's just humour, seen some reacting oh so terribly offended on social media. Yawn.
Wonder how much Newcastle's 50K+ average in the Championship had on this.
Thanks for letting me know.
I don't believe any of this. We've learned so many times, these polls are worthless.
I think rats were the initial cause of the disease. Once it spread to humans then of course it spread like wildfire from person to person. Still quite shocking to think it killed almost a third of Europe's population.
RIP. I didn't realise until this morning that the song Zombie was written as a tribute to two boys, aged 12 and 3, who were killed by the IRA bombing at Warrington in 93. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-42701421
The bonk on the noggen did the trick.
Aye, Fenwicks department store in Newcastle. They have a christmas display on every year, and have done for as long as I've been alive. It usually has animatronics on and tells a story. The kids love it. It was a Paddington bear this year. Link if anyone wants to see what it's like. https://www.fenwick.co.uk/daily-muse/articles/fenwick-newcastles-christmas-window-2017-unveiled-love-from-paddington
It's quite interesting really, I've found many in this sub tend to use the American equivalents. Maybe because many on Reddit are US based, I dunno.
Also, yep, the correct spelling for me would always be colourisation/colourised.
A surprise appointment that one.
That's hilarious, he even cuts across the player who clearly hasn't done a single thing wrong there! He should be banned from refereeing for a very long time for that.
Salty Germans.
Do you know, I didn't even know this bloke was UKIP leader (perhaps a sign of their irrelevance these days). Clearly he shouldn't be either, anyone who leaves his wife and kids for this must have questionable character in my opinion. What's even going through her mind!
I don't think Harry would want him at the wedding after those crude, and disrespectful comments about his mother. The truth being and I quote; "Trump gave Diana the creeps after the billionaire had bombarded her at Kensington Palace with massive bouquets of flowers, each worth hundreds of pounds”.
It's such a shame that the leader of the US is no longer welcomed in the UK.
Not sure why he'd be in Shields if it was anything to do with the club?
I've just been watching Sky News and they mentioned that leave currently has a 9 point lead in opinion polls? The same as remain had in the run up to the referendum.

Edit: Not sure why down voted, that's what they said lol. Was just wondering on the source. 
Won't happen, I'm afraid. Surprised he of all people has suggested it.
I concur.
Takeover or bust.
Haha, I did this. Regularly walk past the old barber shop and see him looking mournfully back at me through the window. lol.
To be fair he did keep putting his prices up.
I think we'd struggle if we went down again tbh, which is why this season is so important to us and the lack of investment thus far is negligent.
This is the last bastion for non-politics. Leave it that way.
It's estimated to be at least 7.5% as of 2010, and has rapidly grown in recent years. Then compare that figure with twenty to thirty years ago and you can see why some people are worried.
It simply has to happen. A film I'd be so excited for.
Regardless of whether we have another GE we're heading out. There's still a lot of Labour supporters who voted leave, especially in the north, and they'll be pleased to hear this.
The WTO agrees forums for agreeing trade agreements, and it's responsible for dealing with the rules of trade globally. It isn't a trading bloc or a version of the EU at all. Why would it need democratic accountability?
The EU's agreed FTA's with many non EU members, Japan and Canada notably.
A Europe of friendly independent nation states who trade freely.
Meeting today apparently, it's not known if Beardsley will be on the touchline for the u23's tonight.
Saw this last night at the time and got excited briefly, before he retweeted that fake Sky Sports News thing. Reckon his two other sources are people who've seen that fake screen capped text message. That rumour has gone like wild fire.
Had my hands on all 3 recently, a 7, an 8 plus and an SE. It's really a question of your own preference and what you're used to. I loved the size of my old 5 at the time, but now I think it's too small for me. The 8 plus is what I have now, and there are times it is a little awkward due to it's size but I do appreciate the bigger screen. The SE is a very solid phone though, and it should definitely do you until the new devices come out.
I've just finished watching, and enjoyed it. I really liked the setting, and the merging of the fantastical and modern worlds. Sure, some of the plot and dialogue wasn't always the best but it didn't really spoil it for me. An interesting concept I'd like to see more of.
A little disappointing if this is the standard we're after, but given our situation beggars can't be choosers.
Those highlights don't give an idea of what the game was really like. Seemed to focus on Stoke. Atsu could've had a hat-trick in the first half, all missed out.
I don't doubt that he's happy with the movie, and the direction they took. However, I've a feeling he probably knew lots of people weren't going to like it and that's why he expressed his initial misgivings. 
"I refuse to publicise that". Alright mate. 
Blimey. You went down hard.
There appears to be a man wearing platform shoes. 
Just got this on PC yesterday. 

Not had any bugs, other than an amusing moment after coming out of a bandit cave to hear; "Aha! Thought you could sneak up on me did you!?". Shortly followed by a mounted guard landing and bouncing right in front right of me after I assume riding off the cliff edge above. 
As if anyone really based their vote on the colour of their passport...
Who's not giving him credit? Massive win. I look at our eleven and think genius. 
I actually have, and I don't think I do. Seriously, the ruling party of China is the 'Communist Party of China' ffs.


The Chinese Communist Party controls all the land. The Chinese political structure is that of a classic Leninist dictatorship. 
China and North Korea are both textbook Communist states. They're authoritarian and possibly dictatorships but I'd argue your classification as fascist. 
It's common for people in Japan to work 12 hour work days, despite contracts only saying 8 hours.  Also, lots of unpaid overtime. 
We're leaving. Some people are finding it hard to accept. 
Right wing clowns? Sorry to break it to you but it's much more likely the left wing clowns are the ones looking up to NK and China. The communist ideology is considered by most political analysts as inherently left-wing. 
It's weird how all this started. Japan had two separate baby booms. A post war one and one in the early seventies. This phenomenon  if you can call it that only seems to have started in the early 80's or early 90's. If I was to hazard a guess to a cause it would be down to the unreasonable working hours and work ethic culture. 
Most people expected the economy to take some form of hit. It hasn't been as bad as many institutions have said, in fact it's gone surprisingly smoothly considering. However, this doesn't suite the narrative.

It wasn't concerns over the economy that drove a Brexit vote, but one  of national sovereignty and not wanting to be a part of increasingly centralised and federalist EU.
Ah, the same lady who was found guilty of complicity in a 400m Euro fraud, but somehow dodged a jail sentence.
As a Brit, I'd rather we'd have abstained, as Canada and Australia have done. At the end of the day it's entirely up to the US where they place their own embassy.
To be fair, we have some fantastic Christmas markets. Lincoln springs to mind.
I just had to google what 'lit' meant. Guess I'm officially old.
I mean, it's definitely better than any of the prequels, but it's a 7 out of 10 movie for me personally.
Newcastle. It’s had its licensed revoked in London but can still operate until it exhausts the appeals process apparently. It’s license has also been suspended in Sheffield.
I think it should be a requirement for background checks to be carried out on all drivers. This guy had apparently served several prison sentences. Uber has already been banned in London and Sheffield in the UK and I can see this trend continuing.
He's leaving the question of Rey's parentage open in my opinion; he only says Kylo believes it to be true at that moment. Abrams could still change this plot wise in the next movie. I think this is a flaw with the sequals as there doesn't seem to be an over-arcing story and each director has the freedom to alter key plot points.
Would you not be dead, within seconds, if you were sucked into the vacuum of space?
No where near 'The Empire Strikes Back' levels for me. That's still the film that drew me into the universe more than any other.

A second watch will definitely be necessary though.
I was actually referring to Darth Plagueis the Wise, but thinking about it he only had the power to stop others from dying and not himself as he was murdered in his sleep by Palpatine. Doesn't mean that Snoke couldn't have learned that secret though I suppose.
Mark Hammill even said he fundamentally disagreed with the direction they were taking Luke. I for one agree with his sentiment.
It does feel like they're making the plot up as they go along. So many unanswered questions still, which the writers seem to be avoiding. I'm not so sure that they're leaving these to be explained in future films or if they  just don't want to answer difficult questions on continuity.
Love the idea that Snoke is immortal, or at least not so easily killed. There is canon for it after all.
To say I didn't like it would be a bit strong, but it had me pulling faces on several occassions.

It was a wise-crackathon. Barely a couple of minutes go by without a ham-fisted joke of some kind. It really did feel like I was watching Space Balls at times.

On a plus note I thought some of the acting was excellent, particularly for Kylo, Luke, Rey & Leia's characters.

My main issue I suppose is with the writing and the direction they took the film.
I went to Amsterdam earlier this year to visit a French friend who works there. The last time I went must have been around 2005 ish, I noticed a big difference. Amsterdam was crowded, and in my experience when we were there very dirty. I didn't remember it being like this. We also went to Haarlem which I absolutely loved, Amsterdam wasn't for me.
Forest?

Someone's pinched the trees.
Not long for me to wait! Going to the midnight showing on Wednesday night/Thursday morning here in the UK.
I honestly don’t think you can trust a word Nick Clegg says anymore.

David Cameron went to the EU cap in hand looking for concessions on immigration but was bluntly refused. The EU swung the referendum for leave by their own inflexibility.
Grats, wish I could get him.
Bosnia, Serbia, Albania, and Northern Ireland are all in the single market but the rUK isn't. Typical EU, can't even get their maps right.
Yeah, same. As it is, I've accepted I'm not getting Rey for a while at least. I'm actually a bit more bummed I'm going to miss out on BB8 again.
If ever I've learned something from my time on reddit, it's the political persuasion of r/ukpolitics and r/unitedkingdom certainly is not representative of the UK as a whole. Any reader from abroad would come away with a distinctly warped view imo.
It's more complicated than that, surely. Would an indy Scotland be part of the EU? Probably not.
Don't think I've been so excited about two people meeting for a curry before.
Why's this not on the front page? Sweeping the federalists comments under the carpet?
His follow up tweet:

https://twitter.com/MartinSchulz/status/938748811375271936

Does this mean we can postpone leaving and get kicked out without paying the exit fee?
Reading down some of the replies. Lots of angry Dutch, saying they'll be next out if this is pushed. Can't see it being very popular in many major countries.
No worries, if it's decent beer you're after can also recommend Bacchus, Lady Grey's, Bridge Tavern, and there's also the Trent House which is also very close to the ground.
The Strawberry is the iconic NUFC pub, though it'll be rammed straight after the game. It's got an upstairs now though so maybe head up there. Other than that, just head into town, there's loads of bars and pubs around and with it being a Saturday they'll all be pretty lively post-match.
First Order occupation of Alderney.
Loads of them up my why, Northumberland.

There was a worry the Germans would invade across the North Sea from occupied Norway, I believe.
Yeah, I know. :(
Needs to happen soon, like in the next ten days or they'll wait until the summer and I don't think that's in Ashley's interests; no takeover, limited transfer funds in January, unhappy manager, disgruntled fanbase, struggling side. He'd be wise to take an offer of £250m plus and get out and save us all a great deal of stress.
New wallpaper alert.
My take away from that is Snoke hanging Rey over a precipice, and I'm pretty sure it's the same scene he says "fulfil your destiny".
It aint cheap as a new driver. Expect to pay at least £8-900 dependent on car of course. Given your age you'll be a bit cheaper than say 18 year olds though. It will come down a lot though after your first years of no claims.
Boedica, Warrior queen of the Iceni tribe in Britain who led an uprising against occupying Roman forces. 
Makes a change from blaming the 52%.
Hadn't thought of that, it seems odd that this is released now as opposed to at the time it was discovered, as it's most likely impossible to verify if this was the case.
Imagine if such behaviour was going on in normal state schools, it wouldn't be tolerated. I don't know why we are so tolerant of the intolerant.
So sad, and it's a crime no one ever paid for the torture they put her through.
Don't give up and don't beat yourself up. Have you spent some time studying, it really does help. I downloaded the theory test app on my phone and just sat and went through loads of questions. Some of the questions are designed to trip you up in my opinion and the app really helped with that.
Given up on this. I've a 7 star Rey, Poe & Finn but no BB8 and my veterans are low level & 2 stars. Not expecting to be able to unlock her.
If you don't mind collecting Pizza Express is canny. The Pollo Forza is a favourite of mine.
Parp!
People not giving a shit, giving a shit enough to make mostly spiteful comments. Nice one.
Nice. A few years ago I didn't think such a major royal would be allowed to marry an American? Possibly as he's now so far down the line of succession.

Oh, and didn't realise she was previously married. A sign of the modernisation of the Royal family, which is a good thing.
Totally agree, had the same one the other day, took me a few minutes to figure out how to close it.
Does he not have a point though? Would we not need to know what sort of trading relationship we'd have before we can set in stone what any border would look like. It's impossible to say what that border will consist of when we can't even confirm whether we'd have some form of customs agreement with the EU.
That'll tell em...
Hindus in my experience have a good reputation in the UK. They are generally very open, friendly people who integrate well into UK society.
Always liked Will Ferrell!
Like a new signing.
She's of course right, something about it all is very creepy.
Yep, go to a good reputable local butchers. Supermarket sausages are largely shite.
That's pretty amazing! Would eat. 
Well, all the booing did was put the Swede’s noses out of joint and make them more resolute and determined. Always thought it stupid when fans boo the opposition's national anthem.
Yeah, after a period.
They can put another tier on the Gallowgate, but it's apparently very expensive to do so.
Kind of lacks imagination now, it was funny the first time but...
Yep in terms of percentages we're up with the best. Now just imagine if we had a successful team to support. Stadium expansions would be on the cards.
Looks bugger all like Han Solo.
Love his passion. 
A good idea, but I think your fridge needs a bit of a clean mate. :)
Rather Russia's idiot than ours.
A good thing, surely.
Of course it can be reversed, but it won't be, and neither should it.
I wonder if this takes the enjoyment out of it. Part of the fun is the slow progression,  and when you 7 star a character it's an achievement.
I've only just unlocked him also. Been playing for ages but always focused on Jedi & Sith and totally ignored Rebels.
Not able to 7 star him yet either, that'll have to wait til next time. 
Pro tip - don't drop it.
The UAE and Saudi were the rumours. Of course, we don't actually know who PCP are acting for so...
This is quite amusing. Really going for the big hitters now.
Are these rumours re Moyes genuine? Seems a very odd appointment that one.
Yeah, the tweet not representing truthfully what was said there, as there was no tax evasion in the Queen's case.

I do wonder how you can legally stop people making offshore investments to tax havens though.
Flagrant I think you were trying to say, no?
Whilst I find your choice of example pretty amusing, yes, journalism in the UK is getting worse. It's full of lies & half-truths from all sides of the political spectrum.
They just want to drag the Queen into it for dramatic effect.

Why is the Queen not allowed to invest money abroad?
'Queen does bugger all wrong'.
Aye. I can’t see it happening anyway unless this takeover happens before the window opening.
If he could stay fit, It'd be a big yes from me. Streets ahead of what we have if we're honest.
WE'RE FAMOUS LADS!
Jamaal I think was probably worthy a call-up for the friendlies.
Heh. The toon. My home town. Saw this the other day, little did I know it’d go viral.
I just think it's more a general thing with Uni's as a whole. We all know the younger voting public, (especially those who've been in or are attending higher education), are more likely to support remain whereas the population as a whole is much more balanced if not edging towards leave. 
The only thing that bothers me is seemingly a lack of tolerance of an opposing viewpoint, which is a lot more polarised than I can ever remember it as someone in my mid 30's.
Interestingly, you say that you're not surprised hearing this about Newcastle, but that was such a marginally close win for remain (50.7% to 49.3%). This has more to do with our University populations than anything else.
She was helping carry out HMS QE's sensor trials https://twitter.com/HMSQnlz/status/925967914385145857
Thanks, so far only managed to locate two of the new pets.
Yeah, has to be.
15 years ago! For which he apologised directly to her at the time, and she accepted his apology. There'll hardly be anyone in a job neither male nor female if this is precedent.
He's resigned for putting his hand on a journalists knee, 15 years ago, when he wasn't in post, having apologised at the time? She wasn't even bothered. I think this is all getting a bit ridiculous now.
Thought there might be the odd one still for sale on the website, had a look and yeah, they're sold out. Might be worth ringing the box office to see if they've had any returns or something.
Very difficult to pick between them!
With all the issues in the country and around the world, it's pretty bloody stupid that 'Fallon touched Journalist's knee' is on the front page of BBC World News. Honestly think some people need to give their heads a wobble.
To be honest, are we not also comparing white players to former greats all the time. The next Ronaldo, Shearer, Beckham etc.
Sammy could be coming back to haunt the mackems on Tuesday night. Massive game for both teams that one now.
Wow, nice one England. It's pretty amazing how well the youth teams have been performing of late! Hopefully some exciting prospects for the future.
Imperial Assault - that skill can often wipe out my whole squad.
I don't believe a man like Benitez is about to walk out on Newcastle at this time, because his family lives on Merseyside. He's been all over Europe, including Milan, Madrid and Naples. He has a contract, which he'll honour, and we're at a stage where potentially it could become a very exciting time for this football club. But worry about it if you want.
Just because he does 'community stuff' doesn't necessarily mean he wants the Everton job. The man himself has said he's happy here plenty enough. I don't think we've got much to worry about just yet, he'd be mad to leave before he knows the outcome of this takeover.
Just a rehash of the national.ae article really.
Disgusting, should be easily identified and banned though.
Cursed it, the twat. Tough game, be chuffed with a point.
Well, there was the offer of staggered payments also, but I doubt he'd be doing that out of the kindness of his heart and I'd imagine there'd be sizeable interest levied. Unlike the interest free loans he made to the club.
Isn't there £150m+ worth of loans? If the club is valued at £300m that'd take it to £450m+ (including loan repayments) that any buyer would need to fork out.
Interesting read, Ashley wanting approx £100 more than the club's worth.
I think the Speed "don't do it lad" comment probably refers to the state the club was in at the time. It was in the midst of the anti-Ashley protests and if I recall correctly it was Joe Kinnear who signed him.
Not the sort of man you'd want as your MP tbf.
Also think it's pretty cool. Luke seems to have a habit of ditching X-Wing's into water.
Never used it. I use my contactless debit card all the time though. What if any benefits are there to using Apple pay over contactless?
Youth unfortunately equals risk in the Premier League, and more and more managers are not willing to give it enough of a chance.
You're being pedantic, I used the term 'country as a whole' in the obvious sense that the majority supported leaving. I of course am  aware that 48% voted remain. 

We are a representative democracy, yes, but a quick google search will tell you we've had 11 referendums in the UK since 1973, mostly related to devolution. A referendum on EU membership was perfectly reasonable in that context, and was largely the reason David Cameron won a majority in 2015. People wanted a referendum.

You clearly by responses would nullify the referendum entirely, and you clearly have no respect for the results.
Erm, not attempting to rewrite history at all. Bizarre statement. The majority of the population voted to leave, and that should be respected. This is usually how democracy works!
I'm really against another referendum. It's important we exit on the best possible terms of course, and I'm hopeful that despite all the bluster from either side a deal will be reached. I just wish they'd get on it. The country as a whole made a decision, as you say, and I think attempts to hold another referendum are just an attempt to subvert that democratic process. 
May as well throw my hat into the ring as well then.
Bamburgh's a beautiful place mate. It's just a small village now with a couple of pubs/hotels, but at one time it was the capital of the old Kingdom of Northumbria.
I hope you get to make the trip over some time and get yourselves to SJP, if you ever need any advice or anything feel free to ask.
I usually look to get a new device every 2 years. I was half tempted to upgrade my 7 to an iPhone X but the pricing put me off.
Aye, can't see anything being done over that, it's not been mentioned by anyone other than them lot. Apparently from the video there was accidental contact but nothing more.
Seen an article on a Palace forum which says Shelvey may get a ban for an incident that happened just prior to this, apparently Shelvey elbowed him in the face at the corner. Personally, think it's a load of old bollocks.

http://www.hltco.org/2017/10/23/newcastles-shlevey-facing-ban-cabaye-incident/
It's weird. We were pretty resolute and our ability to keep a clean sheet always gives us a chance. Whether we play at home to the bottom side in the league or away to the champions we'll play the same way. Happy to allow the opposition possession of the the football and even happier to hit them on the counter attack. Very proud of this team and it was lovely to see Lascelles shine with pride that the fans made a flag for him. 
ROXANNE! put on your crocodile shoes. 
Good to hear.
Really loved this game, the graphics at the time were fantastic.
😍
I think out of the rumours we've heard so far, this seems to have the most legs and would be my preference. Fingers crossed this can happen! What worries me is Ashley's valuation of the club.
So Luke is going to be a 'grey' Jedi?
I seem to remember people saying the only reason he was interested in being President was so he could enhance his own wealth, and that of his families businesses.
We’ll be linked with every man and his dog, followed shortly by ‘there’s nowt in it’ more than once.
I think his willingness to accept staged payments is interesting. Also, for the club to come out and make this statement officially seems like quite a leap forward to me and really highlights a serious desire to sell. 
Harsh on Jabba. He’s way better looking. 
Requesting students speak English in class is not racist. I think it’s this trigger happy use of the word that devalues actual racism in my opinion.
Love it.
The UK is the EU’s second largest budget contributor. The EU know they’ll be facing a huge budget deficit when they leave and are making it as hard as they possibly can in negotiations to slow down/negate Brexit entirely.
Yeah this’ll be endemic. It’s about time this sort of behaviour was called out though in all walks of life.
He’s settled in really quickly at the club and Rafa rates him very highly. Good move for us to tie him down early.
Great news. Glad we got it tied up early.
Dark Rey looks pretty damned cool.
Topical storm Butts is following closely behind.
No worries. Enjoy the game!
Not sure how I feel about a dark side Luke. Surely not after witnessing his fathers ultimate redemption in RoJ.
I don’t have experience with buying tickets through Thomas Cook, but they’re an official partner of the club so it should be fine, and I believe the packages offer value for money.

The Sports Bar is I believe in the Leazes End, so behind the goal and it offers seating. You just get a sports bar area to use during pre game & at half time etc. You will be sat in the stands.

https://www.nufc.co.uk/tickets/stadium-plan
Yep, a crushed can and a park bench was what we used at school. Good days. 
Strange when in Europe it’s the opposite. All you need is a football and two jumpers for goalposts.
Meteor?
Yeah, agreed. He was my favourite thing about TFA. I’m convinced he’ll turn full circle, either turning away from the dark side or sacrificing himself at the end of the next episode, as Vader did.
The UK, had a civil war (Roundheads vs Cavaliers). The Roundheads won, chopped off King Charles I’s head, and installed a Lord Protector, Oliver Cromwell. This lasted all of eleven years before the monarchy was reinstalled. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth_of_England?wprov=sfti1https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth_of_England?wprov=sfti1
This man is an utter psychopath. Horrifying.
I’ve absolute faith in this man. It’s the first time in ages we’ve had a professional attitude.
Unfunny questions tbh. A bit smart arse-ish. 
I'm not surprised, but don't tell me half of the clubs in the league aren't doing the same. West Ham conveniently left out of this headline, who have also been implicated. Also, very hard to prove. Harry Redknapp had a bank account in the name of his dog and still wasn't found guilty.
Neither have the likes of Greece.
All sounds rather wishy washy to me.
I’ve seen similar posts on social media. There seem to be quite a few out there who feel because the shooter was white, and as it was at a country music festival, these people were all hillbilly’s and not worthy of sympathy. 

I’m finding these sort of opinions more and more prevalent on the likes of twitter. Some people really need to take a long, hard look at themselves. 
I believe the translation was “We will follow you everywhere, we’ll always have your back. In spite of the lies they tell us, we’ll never doubt you. We are with you.”
Yeah, fair enough.
Hmm. The words comma and scum sound sufficiently different to not be confused to me...
Thanks!
Would you mind sharing your wallpaper?
He received a good rendition of sad mackem bastard. This was his stand out moment. 
I was thinking more 80's Clark Kent.
Restricted in my area (UK).
Yep, fantastic mount system that actually serves a purpose other than just getting from A to B faster.
He knows no more than the next man if we’re honest. Let’s hope talk of contract extensions are accurate. 
I’ve had no issues on my 7. Just been lucky?
They're coming up with proposals, which is more than the EU have done. Other than make snide comments of course. 
Good on him for fighting back. Who the hell do these people think they are!?
Got no problem with them owning us and say being the clubs main sponsor. We’ve had worse. I’d have major issues with any renaming of the club or ground. Shouldn’t be allowed to happen imo, including where it already has. 
So King’s Landing is roughly where Galway is?
I knew Hadrian’s Wall was the inspiration for The Wall, but had never noticed this before. 
Well, I’ll say it, I’m surprised. Great work ethic in the team though which I think has been the difference. Nobody’s getting carried away though. 
I got a 7 last year and although I love it, I wish I'd gone for the 7+. 

I've been eagerly waiting to see what the new phones were like to see if it was worth trading up as if I trade in my 7 it shouldn't cost me a huge amount. 

Although I love the edge-to-edge OLED display I'm not bothered about Face ID (I think I prefer touchID) and the stuff with the animoji's really doesn't interest me. The bigger screen on the plus and wireless charging might be enough for me to upgrade to an 8 plus, but the £999 for the X just to send animoji's is a bit of a piss take really.
I only see a space hopper. 
May I also take this opportunity to announce my retirement from action films. Cheers. 
Still fuming at De Jong's HBA challenge.
There's not much gets me excited these days gaming wise, but Cyberpunk 2077 most definitely is a game that catches my imagination.
Newcastle's a small city comparatively but it's the regional & cultural hub. I'm a Geordie so I'm biased, but I've lived and worked in a few of the other larger UK cities in my time and none of them have come close to what Newcastle and the surrounding countryside has to offer.

Merino seems to have settled in very quickly, let's hope it's just the start of a long and successful relationship.
Refreshing to see an opposition manager accepting the result, and conceding the away side deserved it.
I really like the design of the new phone, but at that pricing, and as others have said when you compare what else you can buy for that sort of money, I don't think I'll be upgrading any time soon.
We didn't really see much of him, and I can understand his bitterness to an extent. Rafa obviously didn't see enough during training or in the limited times he did play; probably lacked the work-ethic and the defensive side of his game wasn't strong enough imo.
Don't think I could leave.
Sing his name loud and proud, those in attendance.
> "With the Premier League enabling clubs to feature a sponsor on one sleeve for the very first time this season, MRF becomes Newcastle United’s first ever sleeve sponsor in the club’s 125th anniversary year.">

Aye, just what we need on our 125th anniversary.

Really though, it's a sign of the times, and if it helps us generate more money to not spend on players...
Not sure how I feel about this one tbh.
Do you know how old these quotes are?
He'll be a big miss if he's not on the touchline, but his health comes first. Get well soon Rafa!
Stay safe, I hope it doesn't turn out to be as bad as feared.
Half the clubs would never find a sponsor.
Drogon's still quite immature? Weren't the dragons becoming smaller and smaller due to them being kept in the Dragon Pit? Though, I guess that wouldn't effect these dragons as they came from the Shadow Lands.
That's true. one way or the other the Night King was coming. From his point of view he certainly chose the right time to invade, whilst the rest of Westeros were at each other's throats.
On a separate note, is this being released soon? I'm on iOS10 and got a notification from my 'Tips' app this morning about how to use the new control centre in iOS11?
I think it was Aerys murdering Rickard & Brandon tbh. The war probably could've been avoided up to then. I wonder what the reaction would've been if the truth was told about Rhaegar & Lyanna's relationship (i.e. that it was consensual). Knowing the Stark's they'd have accepted it and returned north, but then we'd have no Game of Thrones would we. ;)
I don't really see the difference here. Whichever method you choose, the bank still makes a profit.
I came back into GW2/HoT recently myself, I got it at launch, played for a while but never even completed the story. I've always had the game installed on my PC so when I saw about the PoF release I wanted to check back in. 

I've now completed the HoT story quests, ranked up 38 mastery points, completed season 2 story and am into season 3 right now. That's just solo exploration & story mode stuff, haven't even tried raids or fractals as of yet. Glad I came back to the game, pretty hooked right now.
What's your gear like? I found I got squashed a bit in HoT until I got all exotic gear and some ascended trinkets etc.
The wallets alright, not the greatest quality but a handy thing for your season ticket. The book is very 'meh'. Oh, and a couple of post-cardy things comprise this gift pack.
This is a truth some EU federalists need to acknowledge.
I always just ignore them and keep walking. Usually works a treat. 
I'm been a member at David Lloyd for a year. Yeah, it's not cheap, but the facilities are very good and it's never overly busy. The gym is set over two floors, there's a good sized swimming pool, spa, sauna & steam area. As well as both indoor & outdoor tennis courts. There's also a licensed bar/restaurant area. It's up to you really re the price, and whether you think it's worth it. I always find it depends on your usage. Worth bearing in mind mostly everything is free in terms of the classes etc.
Another alternative is the Nuffield gym which I believe runs at about £55/month.
Edit. If you PM I should be able to sort you a free day pass.
Did he meg him? Lovely stroke into the net.
Old man should've stopped when the guy put his hand on the rope. Not cool imo when he continues going in. Radgy old git. 
Top left I though was a guy in a hoody looking back at the screen. Quite creepy. 
Would be utter madness if we don't have a replacement already agreed and ready to go.
Only if we have a better replacement lined up. If we sell him, and then get the age old excuse of "Oh, but it was too late to find a replacement", what's the point!
It seems to me it's the EU that's being obstructive in this process.
IAegon was a famous Targaryen name, Aegon the Conqueror for example. I think he'd have been the sixth of that name, so if Jon becomes king he'd be Aegon VI. There was also a prophecy of the prince that was promised, who it was said would be called Aegon. Guessing she knew all this and hoped he would become that prince.
I surmise Cersei may well die before the birth? Yeah, in the books there was an Aegon who was a son of Rhaeger and just a baby, who was murdered in the sacking of Kings Landing.
She was to be wed to Robert as part of an arranged marriage, I don't think she ever loved him, when she clearly did love Rhaegar who was then murdered by Robert. Robert had all the Targaryan children murdered (apart from Viserys and Daenerys who were smuggled away). Jon Snow would have had the same fate if the truth was known. She was pregnant and therefore in hiding for the sake of her unborn child.
Is this really artefact porn? I don't think this sub should be a place for politics.
William the Conqueror also exploded, during his funeral, forcing it to be abandoned apparently.

http://www.history.com/news/history-lists/10-things-you-may-not-know-about-william-the-conqueror
I do wonder if they would still be in existence if they hadn't been removed. The Ottoman's had little respect for the parthenon and it's very likely they'd have been destroyed. Now though, I don't see why they shouldn't be returned. I've been to the new museum at the foot of the acropolis and it's an impressive new building that could house them perfectly. 


Actually, the Ottomans nearly destroyed the parthenon. They used it as a munitions dump which then exploded when the Venetians fire bombed it. They also turned it into a mosque in the 1400's.
He's trying to let us down gently, but I'll be amazed if he's still here after this season. Who could blame him, the clubs a farce ran by a con man. 
Great news. 
That's fair comment, I just find it unfathomable someone of sound mind could carry out something like mutilating a human body.
This is really grim. This is not normal behaviour following an accident. What sort of person would puncture the body and tie a metal object to it, let alone cut off her arms, legs and head. This man is mentally disturbed/psychotic and belongs in an asylum.
What's this, don't give me hope! 😉
I was the same, I remember all the 'sexy football' talk. He did really quite well when he came in mid-season, I think finishing 6th, and we got to the cup final which obviously we lost. The following season he totally lost the dressing room, thankfully Sir Bobby then came in.
The Independent is a truly terrible paper, it should be flagged as unreliable. Scanning down the front page I've seen a few articles from them, all inflammatory.
You can do the app swapping now with a 3D touch from the left to the right.
A seven year old boy murdered by Islamists you mean?
Abnormally big hands.
Welcome, and enjoy the ride. It can get a bit bumpy.
Interesting this has been heavily down voted.
I'm thinking Wills and Harry as Praetorian Guards.
Still nowt here either.
Ugh. Poor cows.
Sniff.
This is the UK saying EU citizens can travel to the UK without visas. Which is a good thing, I don't know why you're so rattled. 
Perhaps it's due to the cultural & religious differences, with Greece being Orthodox Christian & the Ottoman's being Muslim there's more of a clash of cultures.
Because the Ottoman's ruled Greece for 400 yrs?
It's gone up in Spain though. Is this not part of the problem, you tighten up or stop one route, they move to another. This is the reason a unified response is necessary?
They should have an arm wrestle.
Very late to this as I missed it in cinemas and I only watched it last night for the first time. 

Firstly, I'm a big fan of Prometheus. The only movie in the franchise I haven't enjoyed was Resurrection. 

Having said the above I was so disappointed in this film. I actually thought the casting was good, but the plot was a big turn off. Of all the directions he could've taken the franchise he turns it into a movie about a mad android and then carries this sub-plot into a third movie, of which I don't think I'm going to have much interest if I'm honest. 

Who didn't know it was David and not Walter at the end? Daniel's shoved a nail in his chin earlier in the movie you'd think she'd at least check. 

Anyway, just my opinion, & I won't rant on, just pretty disappointing as a big fan of the series and also of Prometheus. For a movie that was finally going to the homeworld of the engineers, to take the direction they chose was pretty underwhelming.

Launched in 1769, was Lord Nelsons flagship at the battle of Trafalger.
Haha. She's actually the worlds oldest naval ship still commissioned and a flagship of the navy although permanently in drydock :)
She's definitely quite a bit smaller than the new Gerald R Ford class. Queen Elizabeth is 284 metres and 70,600 tonnes, Gerald R Ford's  337 metres and 112,000 tonnes. https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/87/d4/5b/87d45bd61931f1af933f3eddc956184e.jpg

GRF is a much more powerful ship but let's not undersell the QE class here.

Nuclear is much more costly obviously, and nuclear carriers still need regular replenishment at sea of aviation fuel and supplies; it's unlikely QE will be in a position where she'll be unable to receive replenishment at sea.

There's also two of these carriers at a combined cost of £6 billion, just one GRF carrier costs $10 billion.

She's a great ship and will suit Britains needs for the next 50 years, which is how long they are planned to operate for.
Another pic here showing her scale, in comparison to a Type 45 destroyer and HMS Victory in the foreground. http://i.imgur.com/CubTcrbh.jpg
This is my favourite of the pictures I've seen, really shows the scale of her in comparison to a Type 45 and HMS Victory.
So wrong :(
Whereas the truth is the opposite. It was the working class that voted in large numbers for Brexit, not the privileged and well educated.
Well, let's hope he does well and get behind the man.
Is there a breakdown for counties, that'd be interesting? My own county Northumberland I'd expect to have been very high, as we're the least populated county in England. Perhaps we may have more Scandinavian in us though.
Some great pictures of it coming in, giving it some scale. A hugely impressive ship.
Been to Sparta a few times, the town itself is pretty crappy (as other's have said) and there isn't much left of ancient Sparta to see. The surrounding area is beautiful though, I love it. Worth visiting ancient Messene https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Messene and it's really impressive defensive walls.
To be fair, from what I've seen on social media, Stoke fans aren't too happy about his sale. The consensus seems to be he's a natural goal scorer but just wasn't given enough chances by Hughes.
Well, the initial consensus seemed to be Lejeune could be out for 6-8 weeks, so I guess this is good news.
I figured the Germans and Norwegian's would be dog people.
Pretty slanderous in my opinion. Prince Philip is from a different generation, and most assuredly has out-dated opinions but that doesn't make him an outright racist as the author of this article makes out.
They need to 'excercise' some demons. Lol. Nice one Tottingham.
I thought the crowd was good, then again I was in the Gallowgate, people around me singing almost the entire game. 
He plasters Sports Direct all over the ground and the club gets nothing for it, the club is lagging behind others in terms of it's commercial revenue.  He won't say it in this interview or even admit it but he uses NUFC as a poster child for his beloved Sports Direct.
I get that, but no one's asking him to write a cheque for £200m as he states in the interview, a fraction of that be sufficient.
Fair enough comments, but that's just it we don't expect to compete with the Man City's of this world but with mid-tier Premier League clubs! He has the wealth to do that; for example he's worth more than Everton's owner, and many other clubs in this league that we should be competing with financially. 

I understand we've had a season out of the Premier league, so we will be playing catch up to a certain degree and I don't think we're a million miles away from having a decent summer window, but it's at times such as now when a little investment would help ensure under this manager that we won't be scrapping around again at the bottom, as I guarantee if this club goes back down again it'll cost him personally and the club a hell of a lot more!
Can't even spell his own name correctly.
Oh right! Thanks
Imagine if Britain and France had signed a treaty of Union or even non-aggression during the height of empire or during the Napoleonic era. We might be looking at a very different world today.

Also, you can see why it was never going to happen; "Britain was doomed, he said, and union would be “fusion with a corpse.” Another minister concluded: “Better be a Nazi province. At least we know what that means.” Reynaud later wrote in his memoirs". Which clearly was a mistake.
Was really hoping we wouldn't see this in our city, but sadly I'm not surprised.
"You cheeky little scamp."
Guaranteed to be sharing his pearls of wisdom and inside knowledge on us every sodding week.
Saw this on twitter and the subsequent meltdowns, but I don't think he's said anything remotely new here. 

We all knew he was unhappy at the January window and that he's frustrated now, but acknowledges a difficult market. However, if he feels he's being mislead or lied to by the board (Charnley) I've no doubt at some point he'll walk. 

We have to wait until the end of this window, if we bring in Perez and another it will calm the waters; but I don't think articles such as this do much other than stir up anxiety amongst the fans whilst regurgitating things we all already knew.
Remember it well, as a kid I remember going in the UFO bit, I think it was actually Bainbridge's coffee shop.
I had no issues at all with my 7 purchased from the Apple store, pre-ordered and received on launch day. Not sure if I was one of the lucky ones.
I hope this is true and not just more hot air!
Welcome to your daily bullshit from the 'Independent'.
The French one with the baguette. 😆
From the Independent I shouldn't be surprised but this really is tenuous. If 3% more people attended university we'd 'likely' have voted to remain in the EU.
When you consider the UK already has a very high percentage of graduates and some of the best Universities in the world. Political jingoism aimed at putting the blame on the less educated. Time to get down from your high horse.
Was at the game yesterday. It was very comfortable for us, could've easily been 4 or 5 if we'd taken more of our chances. Can't recall our keeper having to make a save. Stand outs for me were Ayoze, who I thought had a great game and was working hard tracking back & winning the ball back, Shelvey, and Lejeune. Manquillo also had a solid game at full back. Didn't get to see too much of the other new boys as they didn't come on until well into the second half.

My only worry was perhaps we should've had more of a test for our final game of pre-season.
Simon Fraser 'chief mandarin'; is he the guy who's in charge of the oranges?
UK papers wise I'd say the Times / Sunday Times is about your best bet. I like a paper that cuts out the political jingoism, which I'm afraid the rest of our major papers are hell bent on. I ignore by default these days The Mail, Independent & Guardian, and all of the other major tabloids. The Telegraph is also pretty reasonable.
Yep.
Hasn't done her much harm. Maybe we should all drink four cocktails a day.
Cheers, wanker.
Worrying. There's some vermin around.
I hope not, we play you tomorrow! ;)
You have to love him. He had the privelage of playing under some great managers in his time. He's had some stick down the years but goes down in history as a bit of a cult icon. 
That's a bit different in my view. It's one thing being upset at having to cut short a career in the Navy to being unhappy at never being made a King and her equal, which as we know constitutionally would never happen. 
Newcastle here.
Shearer for £15m from Blackburn to Newcastle was the world record transfer in 1996. In a little over 20 years that's an increase of 1,220 %.

Also shows how far we've come..
Thanks for these. Been looking for a new wallpaper and these are just the ticket. 🙏
The rain falls mainly on the plain.
Lol. That's a bizarre thing to say. 
Never saw Prince Philip moan about it.
I'm no fan of Trump, but I can't stand Salmond either.
Is it just me or is that helmet massively oversized...
The BBC politically positioning itself nicely re our exit of the EU then...
I'd say your best chance is Shark Club, they have multiple screens and I'd be surprised if they wouldn't put it on for you. It's more an American themed sports bar than a pub though.
I thought Churchill said to Lady Astor something to the effect of"
“I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.”:
Sad to hear it didn't work out for him, although I did think it was a bit soon given his young age. Still a good young coach, I do wonder if Rafa would take him back.
Aye, I remember some of the Scottish pundits saying it was a joke he was even given the job, and Chris Sutton I think it was sticking up for him, before a ball was even kicked. At the end of the day though, his record was poor.
8 wins out of 30 apparently. I wanted him to do well, but I thought it was too soon for him, he could've stayed under Rafa for a couple of years and learned from one of the best in the business.
Love it. 
Iran has a positive influence in the world?
Goal of the season.
Canada is the most influential country in the world? And Iran makes it on the list ffs?
A slim 'majority' of it? Do you mean a slim minority? Or are you implying the 52% that voted to leave the EU. 
Either way, comments like "having an ignorant, close-minded populace with extremely poor language skills" & "an underlying contempt for non-Anglocentric cultures among many British people" read like lazy stereotypes to me.
We've been linked with so many players, it's hard to keep track really. Rafa seems to keep his cards very close to his chest, like with this Merino deal and also with Manquillo the press didn't have a clue until they were pictured at the training ground.
He does want a new goalkeeper and we've apparently just put an offer in for the Udinese keeper Oristis Karnezis, but we really need a new left-back and another striker. Rafa apparently wants another 4 signings though according to the local journalists.
I'd imagine it'll be Merino & Shelvey in the middle of the park, we've got Hayden, Mo Diame & Colback as back-up, but yeah personally I'd ship one of those out and replace him with Samaris.
You seem to have a very low opinion of you're own country.

The UK has close historical and cultural ties to Australia & NZ, it's hardly surprising many Brits move there. British people integrate seamlessly into Australian life.

The vast majority of British people living and working in Europe also integrate perfectly well, with little to no issues, and yes many of them  do learn the language of their host nation. There's no 'contempt' for non Anglo cultures at all.
We were heavily linked with him and it was rumoured we'd agreed a fee, but the latest is we're backing out of that deal now we have Merino.
They really need to be pinned down on this, personally I'm thinking Corbyn's position of leaving the single market is the party's official position.
Not very many in the scheme of things when there's 3.2 million EU nationals living in the UK.
Well, she doesn't look at all bad for her age off it.
Great news for us. Seems to be a real talent, supposedly a permanent transfer following the initial loan period.
Seems like a real promising talent. Pleased at this one.
The Phantom Menace 5/10

Attack of the Clones 4/10

Revenge of the Sith 6.5/10

Rogue One 9/10

A New Hope 9/10

The Empire Strikes Back 10/10

The Return of the Jedi 7.5/10

The Force Awakens 8/10

I'm one of those who doesn't really get on with the prequels too well, but I'm really pleased with the latest two SW movies and hoping this continues into TLJ.
Hmm, cheers for the heads up. Can't say I've seen much/anything of him, but Rafa does seem to want someone who can can sit in front of and protect the back 4 better than the likes of Colback/Diame so I'd imagine he'd surely be an improvement on that front? (Though I get your point about his lack of physicality).
Not getting my hopes up. He sounds unspectacular but I'd argue that's what we need in centre-mid, someone who can do an unspectacular job and protect the back 4.
Probably why he holds all his business meetings in the pub. Nothing he says would stand up in a court.
Funnily enough the cathedral's famous for it's imp. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Imp
Oooh, a lying hypocrite.
Yeah, I think it would have been the tallest building in the world for a lot longer if the spire hadn't collapsed lol.
I lived in Lincoln for over 10 years. The cathedral was the tallest building in the world for 238 years (1311–1549), and the first building to hold that title after the Great Pyramid of Giza.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lincoln_Cathedral
I'm actually liking him more, and I hated him previously.

I agree with his stance on Brexit, as an example. My only worry is I'm a supporter of the UK armed forces, and of the necessity of Trident renewal. Everything else, especially on the re-nationalisation of our national infrastructure, I tend to agree with him.
Probably the most sensible post in this thread. 

It does my head when people use this as a means to bash the NE.

Can hardly see the club crest, should've been white.
Potentially huge story, if it can be verified.
At the beach in her platforms. Nice. 
Didn't realise Oasis were banned from China. That one seems a bit odd.
Nicely reasoned.
Love this.
Yes, but the ECJ doesn't have jurisdiction over any of its citizens in any other non-EU country - so why the UK post-Brexit?
This is the main problem I think, they won't budge on the ECJ as being the supreme court post-Brexit. Which other country would accept the jurisdication of a foreign court over it's citizens living there...
Okay, thanks for the tips, yeah, as a F2P player for a good old while I was just focusing on Jedi. I do have a 7 star QGJ which I switch in but am in the process of gearing up a bit.
😂
Thanks!
Oh yeah, Righteous Fury. I do have him unlocked and to 6 stars but need to level him up. Thanks.
Sounds like he's taking advantage of the situation and of perhaps you being too much of a nice guy. I'd try talking to him sensibly, explaining the situation, and if he doesn't like it perhaps it's time you found a new house mate.
She was bullied by teenage girls at school, I've no doubt she probably was picked on for her being Polish, as bullies will pick on any perceivable difference they can. It's terribly sad, and I'm sorry for her family.

There are very, very few xenophobic incidents in the UK towards Poles and there is no invasive anti Polish feeling.
I would take that as a final league position. 😉
Love the vid, so nice to sign a player who genuinely wants to play for you for reasons other than money.
Slightly strange one. Rafa obviously sees something in him, imagine it's more of a squad signing than anything else. 
Liked the shot of what I think was Luke sitting by a camp fire next to the Falcon.
Misread that title there first off.
Amazing state of preservation.
It's kind of funny, Theresa May would be getting absolute pelters by our (UK) media if she'd done likewise. Everyone thinks Macro's cool though so...
You seem to have an agenda here. I've certainly not witnessed any of the widespread 'post referendum' xenophobia you're referring to and don't recognise your portrayal of the UK.
Inspector Gadget is barred.
Murphy in Gouffran out seems reasonable. What a bizarre picture though. 😆
We don't hate the French at all. Not really sure what you're on about. 
I think £10mill plus add-on's is a fair offer, with Norwich receiving more depending on appearances and a sell on clause. 
Lovely turn & pass by De Jong.
KOTOR 3. That is all.
Nice finish.
That's a bit weird tbh.
Strange one.
"If you see any racist comments coming from white immigrants". Racist comments from other ethnicities are fine though. 

She certainly applies her own stereotypes of eastern European's here pretty well. 

Edit: Just seen this is likely fake.
I wonder when the UK's terror threat level was last measured as moderate or low. 
Aegena?
I like the sky-blue, but yeah it's a bit of a template kit. 

They seem to have made more of an effort for the third-shirt than any of the others which is a bit bizarre. All the hoo-haa launching it live on Facebook etc. when it was all a bit half-arsed with the new home kit!
Aye, a £6mill difference in valuations isn't a great starting point. 
Norwich want £16m apparently. I think that's a bit ott.
On the sea shore?
It's things like this that are the reason I subscribe to this sub, learning new bits & bobs every day.
Porkedo.
Do a Ben Arfa and throw a huffy then. 😉

Apparently both he and his brother are Toon fans, according to NUFC 360 on twitter.
That's what I'm thinking. Perhaps it's an earlier version of the anniversary crest. 
Jealous. 💚

Looks lush by the way. 
OK, I'm not going to argue with anything you've said and you may well be right. However, having seen public services suffering (in particular the NHS) without the necessary subsequent increase in public spending that is needed given a 7.8% increase in population in 10 years, I tend to disagree. If you look specifically at England, which accounts for 84% of the UK's population and was estimated at 54.7 million in June 2016, it would be the 25th largest country in the world by population and the fifth largest in Europe and also the second most crowded country in Europe, behind only Malta!
The thing is it's also very lopsided, with most moving to the south-east of England, the population density of some areas must be phenomenal. Yeah, though, at this rate we'll be like an oversized Singapore or Hong Kong.
Who says the Scots have no imagination?
A 7.8% change in the UK is massive, considering in 2007 it was already a country of 61.32 million. An increase to 65.5 million in ten years. It really can't continue at the same rate, I don't see how some people can't understand this.
Great news if true, was a bit concerned about who the next Bond may be, and Craig is one of my all time favourites for the role.
United - The first 100 years and more. By Paul Joannou who was the official club historian. I believe you can still pick up editions of this book on Amazon.
Yup this is true. Whether you were from North Africa, Britannia, Gaul, or Germania you could serve in Rome's legions. Whether you liked it or not. 
I'd honestly prefer we kept him.
He's a great pro, and should do well there. Just a shame he went to dirty Leeds.
I like that completing the Luke Skywalker event will unlock Commander Luke Skywalker. I hope they do a similar thing with Rey when TLJ characters come out.
Do wonder if this is Chronicle bollocks, can't name a player so name a position and say we've had talks.

Falling 10,000 feet whilst still strapped in her seat, and surviving. F***.
🤣 He has to be on the wind up! 
Sure Southampton had a strip like that in the 80's or something.
People have known this for a decade or more, the thing is successive governments have done bugger all to stop it!
Has always grinded my gears this. Totally agree. 
Some luck, obviously, but we did have a really good counter-attacking setup at the time with players such us HBA, Jonas, Cabaye, Ba, Cisse (after we signed him in Jan), plus we didn't suffer heavily on the injury front.
"The Magpies' success was the result of Kevin Keegan's footballing philosophy of : Attack!, Grandad-collars, curtains, ATTACK!" 😆

Don't buy that the Asprilla signing had anything to do with it though.


Landing onto a rickety old pier by the looks of it.
Seems decent stats-wise at least, Rafa's apparently watched him since he was at Villarreal so I'd say it was definitely his signing. Strong, good in the air, two footed and good with the ball at his feet but slow seems to be the consensus. Could be exposed for pace potentially in the PL.
My favourite, probably Andorra.
Another vote for Narwhal here.
Finally.
12 pints and 12 chasers? Good effort.
I'm really liking the look of the renders I've seen so far.
There's a V R (Victoria Regina) one on my street, I think those ones are still fairly common though.
I wonder how many shipments have been successful in getting through. Worrying.
Wondering if we'll get the maroon and blue hooped kit again, seeing as the second colours appear to be maroon on the training kit. Just seen this linked on twitter. https://twitter.com/_ck248_/status/881598071800573953
A bit weird they're not using the anniversary crest on the training kit.
Why for just a few years? The industry bodies all seem to support this move.
This was one of the major issues promised during the brexit campaign. It's a good thing for the UK fishing industry.

Loling at the down votes. 
This isn't even news. 
Most responses I've seen were supportive. Lots of people calling for a Tiote one as well, which would be a good idea. 
I've got no problem with it, but wonder if it's really necessary? Saying that though, if  fans want to organise and pay for a flag, I certainly wouldn't object. 
Attack of the Clones.
This is such a fantastic concept. Would love to see something like this happen. 👌
This is a genuine question, and I'm not saying this is a valid reason, but are private sector wages also going up in line with inflation?
The thing that strikes me is that since the referendum more Briton's are sceptical of the EU than pre-referendum. (76% of people said the UK should leave the EU or that if it stays the EU's powers should be reduced, up from 65% in 2015).
This thread summing up this sub, sadly.
Tbh that must have been the case, some sort of mechanical failure otherwise I'm sure the driver would've been arrested by now. Just lucky the chap wasn't seriously hurt. 
He's very lucky. That bus though, must have been speeding, the chap was on the pavement by the time it struck him and the bus had already collided with a street sign before it hit him.
I'll remember that one the next time I make sweeping generalisations about a group of people. 👍
Racist.
Some pretty good drone footage here https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/watch-drone-footage-shows-departure-behemoth-hms-queen-elizabeth/
Regardless of Brexit, the UK will still work closely with other European states in defence. Particularly the French who we've been deepening co-operation with even following the Brexit vote I don't think that will change much.
Yeah you're right it is actually Dreadnought.
HMS Dreadnaught, what a name. The Trident replacement subs are bringing that one back though.
They'll operate as part of an aircraft carrier group in any sort of conflict I'd imagine, with a Type 45 and a couple of frigates, probs an attack sub. They'll be well protected.
They're equipped with a Sea Ceptor air defence system apparently which can stop any missile travelling up to 2,300mph, but not Russia's latest hypersonic Zircon missiles. They might need to review that in the future.
Sue the lot of them. Bastards. 
I went for the 128gb model, atm I've only actually used 28gb of it and that includes 3.5gb of music and nearly 4 gb of photos. You may well be okay with just the 32 tbh, but I'd rather have the knowledge I've got plenty memory if I need it.
Like the small picnic bench in the water.
Blimey. Ashley got Luke Edwards on acting as an agent to sell the club?
Sold out now, doubt they'll get any more in without the sponsor tbh.
Seems a bit low to me.
Yep, same, at just 22, and all because he wanted to take a small souvenir home. Horribly cruel.
I don't think they know for sure, I assume they'll carry out a post-mortem for the exact cause of death but did read this "They said the most likely cause, given Mr Warmbier's young age, was cardiopulmonary arrest that had cut the blood supply to the brain."
What will they do with them all? Destroy them? I've always been of the opinion these artifacts should be kept tbh, no point in erasing history.
All they've said was a severe neurological injury of unknown cause leading to an extensive loss of brain tissue. The NK's claimed he'd contracted Botulism which was proved to be false. He's been tortured to death is the only logical conclusion.
RIP, I can only imagine the torment he was put through, all for taking a propaganda poster as a souvenir. If ever people needed confirmation of what sort of regime the NK government are.
I don't think this is genuine but I like it. A throwback to our 1993 third kit. 
TIL this existed. 
Exactly what the likes of ISIS and other extremists want, playing right into their hands.
The reason I think our monarchy works.
It happened to me once when I was about 16. I remember 'waking up' in the middle of the night, and seeing a vague outline of a person or being on my chest. I was unable to move and could literally feel the weight pinning me down. It began waving it's arms in a slashing manner, I was petrified as I'd never heard of sleep paralysis at the time. I remember struggling and managing after what was probably only 30 seconds to throw myself onto my stomach and laying there terrified to roll back over until daylight. It was only later that I saw a documentary on sleep paralysis and understood what had happened. Thankfully, it's never happened to me again. Once was enough.
Thinking of going up for this one if I can talk a few people into it. Train up and back the next day after a night out in Edinburgh. 
Tbf, the TV I'm thinking of getting is a £500 Samsung (yup, it is 4K). I wouldn't be spending that sort of amount either.
Ima Gun Di lead is great fun against Sith teams, especially the Emperor, Sidious, Vader, Maul teams. So much fun seeing all your Jedi retaliate all at once. 😆
Thank you. I'm running a Jedi Ima Gun Di team atm in squad arenas. Level 84.
I'm in a similar situation, I'm going to hold out for the X. I also need to upgrade my tv to a 4K but will probably do that this summer well beforehand.
Genuinely don't know where they can relocate them to. East Stand nope, Gallowgate nope, Milburn nope. 
Good.
I'm thinking the keeper should be doing better there, to get beat at his near post from that distance. Fair play, he may have been unsighted.
Wow, have to say that's a fantastic goal! Great vision. He only actually touched the ball twice.
How does that even end up as change in a cash register? Bizarre. 
Formally triggered his release clause according to the Northern Echo this morning.
Good appointment. Boro are probably in the strongest position of the three relegated sides. With Monk they'll have to be targeting at least top 6.
Well, as far as I understand, it's not a formal coalition like the Con/Lib Dem's in 2010. She was only 8 seats short of a majority, and will form a minority government with an agreement from the DUP (who have 10 seats) to support her on legislature.
Her party did win the most seats though, so she does have first option to form a government and by the looks of it, she will.
She's in with the Queen right now asking to form a government with the aid of the DUP, I don't think it'll be delayed.
Snap. Been restarting it for the last 40 mins 😂.
Utterly disrespectful. Even it is not in their custom, they were playing in Australia and should have abided by Australian custom. 
For context, the Mirror is taking the opposite stance and telling people to vote Labour. This isn't anything new, it's been going on for decades. The papers always pick a side dependent on their readership, largely.
She's taken a huge gamble in holding this GE I think, could backfire massively. Their campaign has been a nightmare, the dementia tax was a ridiculous move.
Both of the KOTOR games were games that really captured my imagination in a way no other Star Wars game has. Just such a great story and great characters.
I'd love a KOTOR3, but I think it may be more likely we'll get a completely new SW franchise, which I'd also be happy with. I'd just be happy with a SW rpg right now tbh.
Good shout, Rafa.
Also interesting we're currently ranked 22nd in the world for Brand finance. Not bad for a newly promoted club.
Along with the reasons given, I wonder how much Rafa's global renown has helped raise the profile of the club. 
I'd be sad to lose him really. However, if we get a good price and invest the money wisely.
His agent apparently saying it's bollocks.
Agent says it's bollocks. Oh well, it won't be the first time this summer.
This is stating the obvious to me, of course it'll plot it's own course.
Pleased for the fans who stood by Wenger this season.
He was third at one point til some of the fan accounts on twitter got hold of it. 😆
You did the right thing. Well done.
Yeah, would be 75 quid otherwise. Must say, Im tempted. It just annoys me how beautiful the unsponsored kids one is. 😆
Aye, if you pre-order you get the name, number and PL badges for free. 
Tempted to order one to make use of the free name, number and badges. Still not entirely sold though...
Excellent post, hits the nail on the head.
Who is suggesting collective punishment? 

It's a case of routing out those that preach and practice a belief system that leads to mass murder. That's the case for whatever their particular brand of fundamentalism might be. The alternative is to carry on as is and accept these mindless attacks, and I'd rather not thanks.
The ideology that makes it okay to blow up children at concerts.
Just because there have been many influences on British culture, doesn't mean that British culture doesn't exist. The same goes for every other country in the world.
Certainly don't have a problem in sharing Intel that could help law enforcement deal with and prevent similar attacks in the future. But the information should be classified and shame on whoever is responsible for the leaks, no doubt to make a few quid. 
This is the thing imo, other cultures have contributed to our own. You've mentioned both Indian and Caribbean and there's many others. The problem we have here is with a poisonous ideology. 
The NYT should be reprimanded in some form.
Attacking people for cultural appropriation whilst wearing Levis jeans and Nike trainers.
One of those at the time I was glad he was no longer on our books.  A wasted talent, but an utter bellend.
Majority kids and teenage girls, the lowest of the low. No words to describe such actions.
Sounds as though she may have been very lucky, if she'd had a puncture wound from the sea lion it could have been a lot worse.
Saved from the pot, or not?
Great first touch and hit.
Congrats Millwall.
If you ever get to visit Northumberland, it's a really beautiful county and England's least populated. The coastline is fantastic, particularly the area surrounding Bamburgh.
Forster is actually still quite a common name around here, they were a border reiver clan along with the Robson's and many others. Here's a link for some background info on the reiver clans if you're interested.

http://www.englandsnortheast.co.uk/BorderReivers.html
Bizarre, if true.
Burnley will be our most northerly away game next season, there'll be some miles covered next season by Newcastle fans up here on our own. Hope up you do come up, for that reason alone!
I fancied a Fulham vs. Sheff Wed final, shows what I know.
Totally up to them to decide imo, the EU shouldn't impose quotas on countries that don't want them.
Saw the program on BBC2 the other night, it was pretty interesting, although didn't really tell us much new. Even outside the vapourising shockwave most living things died as the atmosphere was so hot and huge tornado like fire storms occurred.
They did say if it had hit a minute or so earlier and landed in deep water the impact wouldn't have been half as bad; as it was it hit shallow water and threw loads of gypsum into the atmosphere which was ultimately what saw off the rest of the dino's that survived the blast.
I struggle to complete them tbh, I'm level 82 and 90% of my levelled up chars are Jedi, I just focused on them from the start. I get to the last couple and then more often than not find it impossible to win the last two.
Gorgeous.
A reasonable article and I agree with most points. 

The assertion that we were always going to walk the league isn't a fair one, football is never that straight forward. We've been the scalp most championship sides have wanted to take, and the biggest fixture of the season for most of the rest of the division. Likewise, Villa began the season with a CL winning manager and spent a huge amount of money, but struggled. Over the season we deserved to win it, Brighton failed to win in their last 3 games. 

Credit where credit is due to Rafa and the players.

The comments from Adrian Durham on talksport were attention seeking drivel.
It happens when you get drunk at his age.
Perez only scores back heels. Was outstanding tonight.
Love you all.
Missed the interview, is it up anywhere online to watch?

I don't think he has to manage expectations too much. We know first season back it's going to be about consolidating our position.

Fun88 sounds a bit naff like, shame we couldn't attract a bigger brand but if they're paying the lolly.
It's just anti-UK saltiness.
We expect them to win, but I thought they might not get the huge  majority many predicted. I do think some of the recent rhetoric won't go down well with many, and will indeed win May more votes.
If that's what they're trying to do, it'll have the opposite effect and the Tories will win a landslide.
If that's what the EU are trying to do, it will backfire and the Tories will win a landslide.
I'm not really taking any of the figures reported in the press seriously. It's gone from 50 billion to double that in a few weeks. Perhaps this is just political posturing, but as with the supposed Juncker 'leaks', I really don't think it's sensible that these things be negotiated and argued via the tabloid newspapers, which so far seems to be the case.
The UK will honour what it is due to pay, I think they accept that, but neither should such a figure be used to bash them over the head with. As the second largest net contributor to the EU for many years perhaps some people need reminding of that, and the billions of pounds which the UK has directly invested into the institutions of the EU, for which they are not asking their money back.
What sort of idiot does this? Never mind an FBI agent, this guy was apparently on a video holding a severed head.
It's Zapp Brannigan.
Rey looks a little Qui-Gon Jinn ish to me.
The opinions of two uppity, egotistical, pricks. None of which are accurate.
Feel for the Boro here, if you're going to go down, you don't want to go down through the opposition cheating. Would've been a huge 3 points for them.
It would be nice to see us lift it, especially for Rafa, but you just know Villa are going to roll over.
> HMRC say "arrests relate to £5m of suspected income tax and national insurance fraud." More on #SSNHQ

Not a huge amount of money in the scheme of things. Hopefully, a fine and a slap on the wrists if there is found to be any wrong doing.
He's been a consistent performer, and the fans have taken to him. Personally, I really like him, he has pace to burn. Great offensively as well as defensively.
He's had a good season, and will learn a lot from Rafa.
It's a mainly British core now. Rafa's changed that quite a bit, 
probably our best players this season have been Jonjo Shelvey, Matt Ritchie, Dwight Gayle, Jamaal Lascelles & Ciaran Clark. We've also got Mitrovic, Ayoze Perez, Chancel Mbemba, Vurnon Anita, DeAndre Yedlin. We do still have Gouffran coming on off the bench from time to time.
Michael Parkinson is a legend himself. Alec Guinness comes across as a genuinely lovely man.
Cheers, our only concern is Ashley & Co fuck him around, but we love him.
Thanks for the well wishes.
Well, they've not spent anything since last summer, so there really is no excuses for this coming window.
Would be an amazing shirt sponsor. 'Huawei the lads'. So much marketing potential.
This might be of interest to you.

Plus with two incoming aircraft carriers we wouldn't have much of a problem.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fg5amio4jU
This is bollocks and you know it. 
The trade relationship was never an issue. We'd, I'd imagine, hope to be on a level playing field with other non-EU countries, that is all. Which by the way I believe will be the case. However if these are the punitive measures the EU would seek to take then perhaps we're right to leave after all!
If we're still paying billions into the EU budget for years to come, which is highly likely, (including the so-called exit bill) you'd still expect the UK to be put to the back of the queue and denied the opportunity to operate on an equal footing with other non-EU countries? This doesn't seem to be reasonable behaviour, and not in the spirit of continued friendship, but then again thankfully you aren't in charge of EU policy.
If that's the case, there'll be few arguments. If contracts are to be tendered out to non-EU countries, the UK should certainly not be treat any differently - neither favourably or unfavourably.
I'd have no problem with this, it's to be expected, but are EU contracts solely awarded to EU members or are third party contractors still used i.e. Canadian, US, Indian contractors? If so, freezing solely UK companies out seems like the punishment they insist will not be meted out.
The Chinese being the sensible ones in all this in my opinion.
I wonder if Obi-Wan at any point subsequent to learning the truth about Sidious in ROTS, thought back to what Dooku said and thought... well shit!
UKIP actually came first in the European elections with more seats and more votes than either the Cons or Labour. Whilst it's true FPTP was more than hard on UKIP in the GE, the problem they have is their support base is thinly spread and it's difficult for them to break through in a FPTP system as most constituencies traditionally vote for one of the major parties.
>... but assuming its budget scales to its GDP and is commensurate with those of France and Germany, that would mean the UK spends more than France, Germany, Italy and Spain combined.

Wow, had no idea it was so much.
Well, he tried...
Ah I get you. Well, if all that was true then perhaps Putin seriously misjudged Trump as US/Russian diplomacy seems to be at a long time low.
Has to be voted on, which is tomorrow, but Labour rather amuslingly seem to think they can win, so are backing it. It should pass.
What GCHQ story?
Tend to agree. The SNP won't suffer a collapse but but I do expect more Unionists to opt for Lib Dems & perhaps the Cons in the hope of stalling indyref2. Sturgeon was very canny when she said  in 2015 a vote for SNP wouldn't be taken as a vote for independence.
Noticed in his interview on Sky News he didn't mention Brexit once. Clear he's going to fight it on domestic social policy. Not sure if that's the correct approach.
Because most UKIP voters want a hard-Brexit, and the Cons are their best hope of achieving that. May's basically done everything that UKIP wanted.
They did get 4 million votes last time though.  (The third largest party in share of the vote). FPTP screwed them hard. Expect many UKIP'ers to vote Tory now though.
It's not destroyed imo, it's still an excellent health care service in my experience. It's suffering from increasingly high demand, and hasn't received the increased funding it really needs to cope with it.

The reason it's a slam dunk for the Tories is Labour under Corbyn are disunited and un-electable to many. Although the NHS will certainly be an important issue in this GE, it's going to be decided by Brexit and who people want to lead the country through negotiations. She's called this as she thinks she we can win a huge majority imo.
Really can't be arsed with this.

Cons will extend their majority which is why they've called it, Labour will flop apart from the inner cities. Lib Dems will do well. Expect remain voters to vote for Lib Dem rather than Labour.
Thought this also. You can really see the young Carrie from ANH in this shot. 
I've sat in away ends but have never let on that I was a Newcastle fan. Just gone to watch the game. Id be surprised if people had a go at them if that is all they were doing. 
Definitely be pissed that it's late.
The footyheadlines one must be a mock up. Collar was all black and the Puma was white on the video.
Looks promising, especially if it's fully striped on the back and indeed does have red numbers.
Here's hoping on a reasonable sponsor.
Yeah, I think she learned a bit from Maz and her force vision. I'd argue even Han taught her a thing or two about the Sith & the Jedi, the light side and the dark.
Apart from the nose, who'd he inherit that from?
TIL, with all of these stories I'm now hearing about United Airlines, they're Satan's favourite airline.
I'd imagine he'd have just cause to be disruptive and belligerent, seeing as he'd paid for his ticket, boarded the aircraft, to then be told to get off under threat of physical manhandling, the absolute arseholes.
The game I've been waiting for for 13 years? Make it so!
Most of the differences you highlight there are historic reasons for each, we haven't decided to just be awkward as that's the way Europe does it. The industrial revolution was launched in the UK, so many of the engineering 'quirks' as you put it date back to then. Fyi driving on the left dates back to the middle ages, most people are right handed, and it was necessary to keep your sword arm free and your scabbard further away from people when travelling on the road.
Someone tell Guy Verhofstadt.
Well, I think they'll be regretting this decision right now. Shameful behavior from a major airline. It show's how highly they regard their paying customers.
Yeah, I find it strange they never demolished it, I think it was built with structural faults in the foundations and has never been occupied.
Ah, so the UK has no more political weight than Liberia.

> would fit into Britains secret dream of becoming a global superpower again.

Stop it. My sides.

He's responded to the use of chemical weapons, as have many other European leaders. It isn't some great conspiracy for Brexit negotiations.
Isn't the tower in Piraeus effectively derelict?
They seem to want to state this as an insult, but I think we all know this is a US/Russian stand-off. I'd rather we kept out of it.
Guy seems to assume quite a lot.
>The finalité politique is the EU's manifest destiny. It will become a nation in itself; it will have its own army, police, income tax, civil code. Anyone who refuses to see this is lying to themselves.

This is why the majority voted leave imo, most people knew this was where it was going, and I'm sure many remain voters would flinch at a federal  United States of Europe. If this is where Europe is headed, personally, I think we made the correct decision.
You would think that high intellect would equate to better morals?
Very sorry to hear.
Shit. Here we go again...
I find there's aspects of both I agree with but neither one would I associate with fully. I tend to think a sensible approach is to pick aspects from both the left and the right. Without going into details some of my opinions would be considered quite conservative and others left wing. I did one of those questionnaire's posted on here that are supposed to identify what you're political persuasion is and it was all over the place lol. 
Just that I don't particularly associate myself with the left or the right politically, neither do I identify with a political party.
Just a reminder it's not just the UK that has shown support. France and Germany have issued a joint statement highlighting support. Tusk has been on twitter showing support. Australia show full support.

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-39526089
I think it's logical UKIP support will collapse. They won their referendum, and have served their purpose.
> "Keith has been a remarkably consistent performer at this level over a number of years and his experience is valued by the clubs.

>"It's not a case that he doesn't know the rules. Simply put, he had a lapse in concentration. After the game he held his hands up and was deeply apologetic to all those involved."

I don't see how a lapse of concentration could effect both linesmen and the fourth official. Bollocks.
Half way down this Birmingham Mail article:

>Now, his net worth has been revealed as a cool £990 million in the latest Birmingham Post Rich List – earning a slot next to the wealthiest in the West Midlands after buying out Randy Lerner last summer.

http://www.birminghammail.co.uk/sport/football/transfer-news/aston-villa-tony-xia-worth-12502551
Aye, interesting. They've been bankrolled by Tony Xia though. Just googled his net worth. £990m apparently, which is less than Ashley.
Next years books expected to be worse again, as they'll show our loss in commercial and TV revenue from relegation.  Interesting the team finishing 18th this season will earn £30m MORE than we did last season. This gives a huge advantage to the relegated teams this year for next seasons Championship.

They should also show the profits from the sales of Sissoko, Wijnaldum etc. Highlights how important it is to get back and remain in the PL for a continued success of the club.

I hope the club are able to benefit from a substantial sponsorship deal for the coming season.
Got to love Jeff Stelling. Secret Toon fan, I remember him hanging around with Nolan, Smith and Joey Barton the last time we were down.
You should check out Northumberland. England's most northerly and least populated county. Castles galore and some fantastic coastal routes. As well as Hadrian's Wall there's an awful lot of historic interest and some fantastic scenery. 

http://www.visitnorthumberland.com/
Interesting where Marseille are getting the money from. They've signed Cabella & Thauvan back and Payet from West Ham. I recall two years ago they were supposedly effectively broke. New ownership?
Franco blockaded the border from 1969 to 82. Made no difference. 
The only way we'd declare war on Spain is if they occupied Gibralter, a la the Falklands. In that event it would be the aggressor and occupier who should be receiving the full force of NATO, of which of course the UK is the second highest contributor. 

It's all by the by anyway, it's never going to happen.
A war we have no chance of winning. I know it's satire but...
>"I think the Europeans are looking around and saying: 'how do we teach the British a lesson? Maybe cutting off flights for three months after March 2019 he will begin to understand what is going on."

This guy is ridiculous frankly.


There's nothing inherently wrong with being right wing. Sure, you may have the odd idiot saying daft things but that's the same on the left.
Is this not the same everywhere?
Spanish is spoken by more people globally than even English. Why not that?
Loads of midgies in the summer months.
Aha. Maybe. 👃
What's with the Dutch?
Pay the £50billion and we'll talk trade basically.
I think even the most staunch leave supporters thought the economy would take a hit in the short term. In the long term, who knows.
I'm not too far into the game, having only completed the Habitat 7 & Eos worlds, and I'm presently exploring the ice planet. I'm really enjoying it though, combat is great fun and the worlds are beautiful and open. Some of the reviewers seem to a bit hung up on the face animations which only seems to be an issue in some of the more minor characters, and not something that's spoiled the experience for me. It's a good game.
Getting a few more details this morning.

The attacker was British born and acted alone. He was once investigated by MI5 over extremism fears.

Re the injured they included 12 Britons, three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, two Greeks, and one person each from Germany, Poland, Ireland, China, Italy and the United States. 

Three police officers were also hurt, two of them seriously. 
I think the security services have done a fantastic job, but most of us knew it was only a matter of time.
It's semantics to argue over the choice of words. Both are adjectives that apply.
Why can't some people put politics aside even in a situation such as this? He acted heroically, many others would have fled the scene, he ran towards it to try and save a human life.
The soldier running up the beach seems to get his leg sheered.
There's a chopper on the back.
Lol. What with this and the juicing of Seville oranges they really know how to make a point!
Anyone seen the movie Europa Report, fairly decent.
Yes, but there's also the argument I've seen presented on here numerous times that those who live in areas with the least immigration are the most anti-immigrant.  We've also seen areas with high immigration such as 'Immigration Town' Slough vote leave. However, clearly on that basis Scotland would have voted leave, as Wales did. I suspect people in Scotland just didn't make the same link that perhaps the English did, i.e. EU = more immigration.
So do you think immigration was an irrelevance in the referendum then and it really was about sovereignty etc?
Well, I suppose this poll at least indicates there really isn't that much difference between English & Scots views on it after all...
I don't think it's too much of a reach to say England's vote to leave the EU was for many down to immigration, I don't think too many deny that? Scotland, which hasn't experienced the numbers that the south of England in particular have therefore doesn't see the same level of anti-immigrant vote. I don't think that's an unreasonable assessment?

And the English are I take it. Nice one.
That must be article 50 in his hand.
Also the reason that Scots are generally more pro-EU. They've not seen the same levels of migration as England & Wales.
What with this one and the chap punching a kangaroo in the chops I like Aussie news.
Sympathy date I reckon, he's as thick as mince.
I know Verhofstadt said something similar but I really can't see how this would work.
Whilst free trade is great, is this really to stymie Trump? Didn't I see Shinzo Abe giving it the 'super best  pals' act with Trump just a few days ago?
The stern carving is preserved in the Rijksmuseum. Those ships were a thing of beauty. https://www.rijksmuseum.nl/en/collection/NG-MC-239
There is no 'problem' as you put it, This article, from August last year, is not indicative of any national thought process you know.
Yeah, born in Brussels to a British father & Dutch mother.

Funny bit I just read, her father changed his name from Ruston to Hepburn-Ruston wrongly thinking he was related to James Hepburn, third husband of Mary, Queen of Scots. TIL.
Wow, that was uncomfortable even watching it.
Lists Audrey Hepburn as Belgian as well, always thought she was British. Googled, born in Brussels but is British.
According to who? I know it when I see it. 
Interesting, baby boomers in the UK are getting the same treatment. Here I think it's because they managed to get on the housing ladder when property was cheap, most young people now can't afford mortgages as the value of property has skyrocketed. Also the elder generation have been getting the blame for the EU referendum result, most older people voted leave etc.
Yep, agree completely. It has no limitations .
She must have been VERY mature for her age at only 12! 🤔
My brother's wife is St Lucian, they have been married for 11 years and have experienced racial cat-calling from black guys in UK cities numerous times when they've been walking down the street holding hands etc. Comments shouted out such as, "What you with that white **** for" etc amongst others. 

Try telling him, as a white male, to shut up about racism. The assertion that only whites can be racist is utter bollocks and a downright lie. Makes me mad tbh.
I think this is what some Islamists want tbh.
Really like this one.
>"Continued tariff-and-barrier free market access between the UK and Europe that is predictable and uncomplicated will be vital for future success."

Hopefully something can be agreed quickly re tariff free trade on cars at least, to the benefit of European car manufactures and ourselves.
It's a sensible policy, and I agree with Ruth Davidson. 

Scots should be able to see how the UK is functioning once we have left the EU, and if a referendum is wanted, to hold it then. From what Ruth Davidson was saying she's expecting that calls for a referendum by Spring of 2019 would be rejected conclusively in the Scottish parliament anyway?
I've no problem with Scotland having a referendum personally, as a Unionist, but the SNP in Sturgeon & Salmond are a bit like a dog with a bone re independence and I think they have probably misjudged popular opinion on this one.

I wouldn't have said no deal was a threat so much, just a statement of fact that it may well be a possibility. I find it interesting we're hearing accusations that the UK are the ones threatening when we're also hearing statements such as, the 'UK cannot be allowed to make a success of Brexit' in the same breath.
Wasn't support for independence in the last referendum some 48%? So, according to this poll at least, has fallen slightly?
Old Mother Shipton was a famous soothsayer/prophetess (1488-1561) and a fairly local one to me in northern England. Her cave is still a major tourist attraction.

http://www.mothershipton.co.uk/the-park/the-story/


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mother_Shipton
Lol. Laughed so much at the bit where Warwick's in the car.
Well, James Bay jinxed it really, rather than Shearer.
Hilarious. Turkey (or rather Erdogan and his cronies) seem to be going through a phase of shrieking 'fascist' every time they don't get their own way.
Someone asleep behind her.
It's the toddlers walk into the room that cracks me up.
Exciting stuff!
Very cool.
Whilst I agree a free trade agreement with New Zealand would have the most minimal of impact, I think it's a bit disingenuous to say a push for a commonwealth free trade deal is embarrassing. The commonwealth as a whole comprises of 52 nations with a population of over 2 billion people and a GDP of over 14 trillion dollars.

It honestly sounds like more rhetoric to talk the UK and it's objectives down.
We should run a sweepstake. I'll take a punt on Volkswagen.
It'll mean financially. Charnley claims it very favourably compares to other teams in the top 10 of the league.
Our first pen was soft. Not a pen. Nothing wrong with Murphy's goal, was onside and the keeper didn't have it under control. Their pen, also soft, but given the earlier one can't complain. Third goal. Bananas. What you doing sending the keeper forward with 4 minutes left to play?
I thought I'd link these here as had seen no discussion on them. Some interesting snippets in there about future sponsorship etc. Particularly:

>The club stated that positive progress has been made in relation to a new sponsor for the
2017/18 season and that an announcement will be made as soon as the club is in a position
to do so.

>The club stated that the name will remain as St. James’ Park and that the naming rights had
not been included in discussions with potential sponsors.
The club outlined that it is in a long-term relationship with its kit manufacturer, PUMA. The
club also confirmed that kits had been selected for next season, with an order to be placed
shortly on kits for the following 2018/19 campaign, due to the required lead times.>

and...

>The club stated that its potential shirt deal benchmarks very favorably against comparable
clubs in the Premier League. >

I agree it looks like it's David from Prometheus, that makes the most sense to me. The Dome also looks like it's surrounded by a city? Not sure what the humanoids are he's walking through, I'm going to take a punt that they're xenomorph's.
Number 5 is alive!!!
I honestly don't think it'll have made much difference, there was a strong anti EU sentiment anyway, and there had been for years. 
Has a WW2 Panzer tank feel about it. I like it.
No it wasn't, Ken. Some people are in massive denial they truly are. 
The majority leave voters in the constituancy and perhaps some former UKIP voters voting for the Conservatives won it for Labour here I think splitting the leave vote.
Don't think Nuttall's very popular generally, a bit too controversial.
The Return of the Hair-bun.
>Immigration to the UK was estimated to be 596,000 - comprising 268,000 EU citizens, 257,000 non-EU citizens and 71,000 British citizens.
This included the highest level ever recorded of Romanians and Bulgarians - 74,000.

Post referendum results & interesting figures. Immigration from within the EU is now higher than that of the rest of the world for the first time with a record number from Romania & Bulgaria.
I can only imagine something like that would leave a scar for life tbh.
Horrendously sad. :(
What a heartless, conniving bastard.
Is this the Guardian trying to paint Britain's leave vote as far-right again...
Yeah, apparently natural causes, but the police are looking into it as well as a matter of diligence.
Throw away the key to this vile man.
I don't understand why they shouldn't be able to have a civil partnership instead of a marriage, if that is what they prefer.
I regularly read r/ukpolitics, and often look on the BBC comments page, still haven't seen anything like your suggesting. Maybe I've been lucky. The closest I have seen is some suggesting using access to our intelligence services as a bargaining chip for negotiations. 
I'm not one of those who believes everyone who voted leave, some 52% of the voting public, are narcissistic racist morons, which quite frankly is another ridiculous viewpoint I've seen from those on the remain side.
>"They actually suggest we should use our military to get out of the EU the way we want, without paying anything and getting control of the lands/waters we want">

The first time I've ever heard such talk is in your post. Ridiculous. 


Well spotted!
Top story on the beeb presently, as if somehow Tony Blair's little whinge will make any difference.
Oh I love this. 
Legend.
We need more of this all over Europe, but I'd imagine these people will be attacked by more conservative Muslims for their efforts unfortunately.
I'm very sceptical of it, perhaps there has been a slight increase, but I find it hard to believe ordinary British folk would go around harassing other Europeans on the back of this vote. I think a lot of it can be put down to how a hate crime is interpreted and recorded; take Amber Rudd's speech as an example, recorded as a hate crime which it clearly wasn't!

I think there has been an agenda by some of the press to paint the Brexit vote as racist and hate-fueled and I do not accept this.
Hmm, maybe getting a bit old now at 74 to be flying planes? He's had a couple of close calls lately.
If I knew it was his bike, I'd definitely pinch it. ;)
I suppose it's not only about defence. NATO would still hopefully remain the core of our mutual defence structure. We already work closely with Aus, Can, & NZ in defence anyway.
Rumbled Nuttall.
Maybe he meant all scousers were close friends of his. /s
That's just because we're awfully nice chaps.
Brexit. 
They were never going to cancel a state visit for the current US president, they never were going to, the petition was a token gesture just like the ban Donald Trump petition last year.
Yes.
It will be a propagandist arm of the EU. Think RT but pro-EU.
No, I agree, saw a few moments on the evening news where Adele received her award, started bubbling and saying Beyoncé should've won. A cringe-fest. Why's this stuff on the news? Probably the reason we keep getting political lectures from them at every award ceremony.
We don't tend to do particularly well at Carrow Road historically, so, we're due a win! Will be a real battle though.
Considering how tall Vader is, it's a bit odd none of the height gene passed onto his children.
They're slowly losing the north, can't see their figures improving until seed policy change and a move to the centre.
Depends on the pensioner. Plenty scrounging around for pittance if you hadn't noticed. I notice old people seem to be the enemy though lately. 💤
Not really sure what any of this means anymore tbh.
I thought that!
I think a lot of the UKIP'ers will vote Tory.
You've clearly not been to any christmas party I've been to lol.
How's that sexist? A bit rude, aye, but howay!
Total made up bollocks.
In the post match interview on nufctv he says he saw Mitro out the corner of his eye and intentionally flicked it to him, although he did think he was coming back from an offside position. Maybe changed his tune mind.
I sort of agree with Bercow, but I don't think it's for the speaker to be going around calling foreign heads of state, especially that of the US, racist and sexist. Neither of which have really been substantiated. Where were his comments re Xi Jinping prior to his state visit, so yeah I guess it was little more than political points scoring. 
Well, if it's WTO rules we end up with, they sure will take a hit. Colour me surprised if the German car companies put European 'unity' ahead of it's shareholders profits.
Well, you seem to know an awful lot about it, which I suspect is no more than I do. 

It amounts to 6+ years of full membership fees and it has already been rounded down from what Germany & France originally proposed. 

I'm sure we will have to pay a fee upon exiting, and there are certain things we will no doubt continue to contribute towards. I have no problems with that, but it does need full and proper scrutiny, as I suspect this is nothing other than an inflated starting point for negotiation.
Paying a divorce bill, amounting to a quarter of the entire Greek debt, seems reasonable?
"a couple of car sales a year in Birmingham". Hilarious.

"Almost one in three cars, or 810,000 cars sold in Britain, come from Germany, making the British island the biggest export destination for German car producers. It is around a fifth of the total number the industry exports worldwide, according to the German car association, VDA."
So they'd only negotiate trade once we've settled this 'bill'. Sounds a bit like blackmail to me. If this is accurate it seems an unreasonable amount, bearing in mind our net contribution in 2015 was only £8.5 billion after the rebate. It appears the theory they'd look to punish the UK for it's referendum vote is correct.
Outside of the rhetoric I think it would be a brave move for them if they did leave, although the same is true of our leaving the EU, although I think it would be even more complicated bearing in mind 300 plus years of union, a shared currency etc.
It''s on the BBC as well. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-manchester-38909352
Excellent news on this dreary Thursday.
> crowdpac.co.uk

Ooh interesting, I'm 56% Authority 56% Right - Leave.
An 80% match with Tony Blair (who I actually can't stand) and Moderate Centre.
Still can't see it happening any time soon. Most Scots oppose a second referendum, and even the most optimistic polls have remain ahead.
You see in the UK, the one bit in the north east where it's light blue surrounded by dark blue. That's my region. I find that kind of strange, though we are a bit more sociable than most so we're probably all in the local pub.
Just a play on words, if a RN sub fires a nuclear warhead it would likely cause a chain reaction and counter-firing involving the deaths of millions, possibly in the long run those on-board. But no firing the missile would not destroy the sub firing it lol.
I respect his opinion and agree with him if I'm being honest, but is there any precedence for this? I thought the Speaker is supposed to be impartial. Who ultimately has the final say on this, the PM/government?
I've never been to Thessaloniki, I've been to Athens plenty but Salonica seems quite different/nicer from what little I've seen? Always fancied a trip to see Philip of Macedon's tomb.
An awful lot of snobbery in these comments if you ask me.

Many degrees are ten to a penny these days, and very often aren't indicative of a persons overall intelligence. Anyone who's had experience with many entry-level graduate employees will know this. Oh yeah, there's that sense of entitlement which is often displayed here, but many have no common or vocational sense whatsoever.
Believe it when I see it. 
Well, we did have a referendum in 2011, they aren't lying. People just don't care enough. Compare this to the nearly 2 million who signed a pointless Trump petition. It's pathetic really.
"is happening"
Pleased no one seriously injured, good going soldier.
Jeremy certainly isn't improving at PMQ's, May on the other hand seems to be growing in confidence the longer she's in the role.
It's times like this, where there is a total disdaine of justice and lack of remorse I wish there was some form of corporal punishment to be quite frank. They do not deserve any form of common decency.
Verhofstadt wins the ugly comp by a mile tbf.
That'll tell him...
I think most people in this country across the board would oppose a Trump style ban, I don't this is reflective of the silent majority, at least not in this country.
I actually think May appears to be growing into the role, is becoming more assertive and confident over time.
Strong from May there at the end in reply to Corbyn's final question.
Looking forward to the release, but I might hold off buying until they undoubtedly release a steelbook or extended version.
Who am I kidding, I'll probably end up buying it anyway!
I've never read the books - my memories of Dune come from the Commodore Amiga 64 game. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXQO6O9Yro0
It would have to be Old Ben and therefore Alec Guiness imo. It wouldn't make sense otherwise. Sure, CGI it, but not sure how the voice would go down although I know they cut audio to have him say 'Rey' in TFA. I'd imagine it would be difficult to do the same and have him form a cognitive sentence. Yoda, on the other hand?
An online petition is hardly comparable to a national referendum in which over 33 million people cast a vote.
Horrific reports of rape in that article.

>During that first year of Soviet occupation in 1945, more than 100,000 women in Berlin were raped. Combined with the German women caught in Pomerania, Silesia, and East Prussia during the mass exodus, the number of rape victims soars to roughly 2 million. Many of them subsequently committed suicide.

and...

> In some cases, a daughter, mother, and grandmother were raped one after the other. Many were raped multiple times. Meanwhile, other family members were rendered helpless. As one mother was being raped, her 13-year-old son tried to get the Russian off her. The soldier simply turned, shot the boy, and continued his raping. 

War crimes imo.
I actually think our current policy is very sensible and I wouldn't change it.
Trawling through tweets since year dot for anything juicy are we.
Beautiful, you're very lucky.
Have been a couple of times, a really beautiful town full of history.
The link doesn't seem to work for me but regardless the majority do not want a political union and in my experience at least it was never sold to us on that premise until quite recently.
It was a trading block when we first joined the EEC. At the time of Maastricht circa 1992/3 perhaps that was when we should have left/had a referendum. Over time the EU has become a geo-political entity and that was what the Brexit referendum was all about. At a time when the UK has been going through a process of devolving parliament's to Scotland and Wales the EU was looking to do the opposite.
If the EU had remained a trading block there would never have been a leave vote or even a referendum. It's the political outreach and perseverance of the ideal of creating a EU superstate that turned the UK off massively.
Yes mate.
It's true, I know some of you on here like to think otherwise.
May has said it isn't in our interests for the EU to fail, she's correct in that, our objective is to be strong partners but to disentangle ourselves from the EU's political institutions.
My neck of the woods.
I've certainly not seen any 'excruciating embrace' unless your talking about Nigel Farage, who has been effectively blacklisted by May's government.
Lol, a bit bizarre. Sounds like he was new to the job and just trying to waste time.
Still a very strange story this. So he flew in from Lahore, took a train to Saddleworth Moor, walked to the top of the mountain and commited suicide via strychnine poisoning.
Up his sleeve I'm guessing, pulled down with the force.
>If it's some of his the FO troopers that kill her while in a ground battle, have Kylo kill all the troops he can find (similar to Anakin killing sandys after his mom died).

This would be cool, I must admit.
Worth bearing in mind that although there was only a 4% margin in the overall vote, something like 70% of all constituencies did vote leave, although many on a close margin. I read somewhere that something like 400 out of 600 odd MP's represent  leave constituencies.
I'm thinking Mogwai from Gremlins.
Quoting from the BBC article here:

"Few, if any, Conservative MPs are likely to vote against Article 50. In fact, only one - the europhile former chancellor Ken Clarke - has said he will do so.
Given that the Tories have a working majority of 15 in the Commons, this means that the bill is guaranteed to pass - especially since a majority of Labour MPs have said they will not stand in the way of the process and many will actually vote for Article 50."

Sounds like little will change.
At least when we do finally leave, there can be no argument that it wasn't constitutionally correct.
SNP, majority of Lib Dems (the few they have) and some of Labour. I'd expect the motion to still be passed.
I don't expect this to change anything. There'll be a vote in parliament and it will be approved quite comfortably.
Quite cool to see them all together like that.
Awesome, thanks very much.
Actually, that's pretty interesting.
I just can't look at their site anymore. They've even got questionnaire's before you can read the content, which is 90% of the time a waste of space. Constant pop-ups etc, it is poison. 
So, I see. A single comment on a newspaper comment section sums up a whole countries attitude towards a continent.  Did you have to spend long looking for it? I think like many on here your own anti-UK sentiment since the EUref blinds you. 
Contempt for other countries? Since when? Utter balderdash.
Movie accurate.
Compared to what we have now this is regression and oppression, no doubt about it. 
The same is now happening in other Arab states further west, and wherever Conservative Islam gets a foothold will continue into the future.
I certainly didn't feel disgust towards opposition voters, then again I was a leave supporter (although I didn't actually vote as I was out of the country and hadn't organised my postal vote). Most of my colleagues & friends were remain, so I just basically kept myself to myself as it's implied anyone who supported or voted leave is a racist moron. I had my own reasons and didn't feel the need to justify myself.
Jeans and sneakers in space.
I think the EU will survive either way tbh, I don't think it's in Britain's best interests for the EU to fail even after we've left (Theresa May said so herself). Equally I don't think it's in the interests of Europe to have a non-amicable break-up either. Hopefully once we cut through the rhetoric a reasonable deal can be done for both parties.
I understand the point, and I accept that we would not get full access to all of the benefits, but in regards to trade, if you're doing unilateral deals with other countries but then refusing to do a deal with Britain, that's exactly what they said they wouldn't do i.e. punish Britain.
Ah, cheers, thanks for this.
It all needs to be looked at in context, there appears to be a positive consensus from Commonwealth countries such as NZ, Australia & Canada, as well as a deal with the U.S. Deals we otherwise wouldn't have been able to do. Obviously, getting tariff free trade with the EU is still important, but this depends on them. I can't see why they'd object to a tariff free deal on most goods and services, as has been agreed with other countries around the world.
I was thinking this, they're talking as if mutually tariff free trade is something that we need to 'pay' to have access to. Free trade deals are agreed between countries without any form of membership fees. Do Canada have to pay for tariff free trade for example? If this is the case it appears to me that punishment is exactly what they will do despite their claims to the contrary.
Good goal. Maybe a little bit lucky with the bounce of the ball but good control & skill.
So did the keeper handle it outside the box in the second half. Looked it?
Got to admit I'd be surprised, I thought Allardyce would've rated him and got him playing.
Definitely could play there imo, very handy player to have in the squad as can also play at FB. Definitely would NOT sell.
Interested about your claim that UKIP garnered financial support from Russia? They are broke and were using EU funding to fund their campaign to leave (which they've since had to pay back). Their main funding came from donors such as Aaron Banks so this seems highly dubious to me.
The fact is there has been a ground swell of anti-EU sentiment in the UK for a long time which has come to a head in this leave vote. No Russian interference necessary I'm afraid.
A little bit of flexibility during Cameron's negotiations and all of this could've been avoided, but there we are.
The headline and the article are embarrassing quite frankly. Talk about fake news, give your head a shake. 
Theresa May is not a 'downright disgusting' politician. I don't know where you get this idea from.
It's good for Britain that he wants to do a quick trade deal and wants our leaving the EU to be a success. On the other hand, NATO is something I also believe in, although I do think it is failing in it's current state.

He's probably correct in saying the migrant crisis, and how it was handled by in particular Germany, was instrumental in a British leave vote.
Certainly no threat issued there.
Agree, I think this is bollocks. What does the article even say? We want to sign players with sell-on value? Every club does this. No quotes, no sources. It's an agenda driven piece designed to cause unrest.
Reminds me of that dinosaur from Jurassic Park.
Ahhh bollocks!
Hanging on.
Sounds like Darlow's made a couple of good saves. :/
Gayle going off injured. FUCK!
Get in! Come on lads let's do this!
Preston leading Brighton.
Seen it on netflix (or was it Amazon) but I just couldn't bring myself to watch it.
Loving the look of the Nomad scenes.
Last nights result for Reading was a big boost for us. 3 points here would be massive. Howay the lads!!
I used to like Gary, until he went all soapboxy on twitter.
I welcome it, and enjoyed the fact checking pieces they did during the referendum build up.
This is the attitude of far too many people. Many appear to want us to fail, which I find difficult to comprehend. We've had the vote, regardless of which way you voted we need try and do the best we possibly can for the country.
Definitely thinking, wow, what a big gob! I always find it's nice to see two different species interacting like that.
The Professor who made the complaint was just on Daily Politics, made a right wally of himself. He couldn't give any reasons as to why this should be considered hate speech. Rudd basically said exactly the same as both Brown (British jobs for British workers) and Miliband have both done in the past.
I'd be the lagger that fly's into a tree.
KOTOR
Interesting post, and probably the best I've seen it explained to a layman like myself.
This is a bit of positive news at least. I'm no economist, so I take what he says as read, but it makes sense to have a transitional agreement and a mutually beneficial deal.
You could say that, but I'd disagree.
History, literature, Theatre (Shakespeare etc), music, architecture etc.
I suppose when you think, the Third Reich only lasted 12 years, and again over confidence was perhaps their weakness. (Pretty sure the Empire are basically space-Nazis).
If your a season ticket holder, you can buy them today. I've just picked up a couple.
East Stand is one of the best views of the pitch imo, especially if somewhere near the centre.
Agree, not pro-Trump, but this is from the same lot decrying fake news helped Trump win the election.
How did they manage to get it stuck like that ffs lol.
Got to admit, I did notice it and think it a bit odd. I get the 19 years living in a desert thing but I don't think it would make such a drastic difference, especially as Ob-Wan looks younger in the first picture.
Can't really see this working, not a vote winner either. Seems another not very well thought out proposal. Those top earners also pay the top level of tax he seems to be forgetting.
Wow, that is classless.
The Independent. Won't bother. 
Well, he did say it in what he thought was a private conversation and not on national tv, although I agree his comments were classless & vulgar. 
'How to give Gran a heart attack'.
The interviewer quoted back Trump's "grab them by the pussy" comment back to her, which I found a bit tasteless on a Sunday morning?
Saw the interview on Sky news, she came across quite well but without giving a great deal away. It does sound like we'll be leaving the single market and look to create a free trade deal, but then again maybe that's just my interpretation of it.
Garbage.
Only what every other US president has done for the last 40 years or so. 
How'd he break his leg? No foul or anything?
Just because you don't know what the negotiating stance is, doesn't mean there isn't one.
I think this is about the third time I've seen this type of article, regurgitated from year ago as being new.
'Bang average Italian food chain struggles in saturated market' - should be the headline.
The acid test will in that case be what happens upon the triggering of Article 50 at the end of March.
Sels maybe, Mbemba, no!
She'll still want another referendum in a few years anyway, even if we'd voted to stay in the EU.
You're right of course, Brexit hasn't happened yet. However, many, if not most forecasters warned of an immediate economic crash following the vote. This is what the article refers to as not having happened. It is a good sign for the long term that these forecasters have got it wrong.
I don't see any difference to the mocking of Nazi's and the mocking of ISIS. It is not outrageous to mock an extreme ideology. If some are outraged then good frankly.
Had a really bad game against Sheff Wed, but that was the first time I've seen him have a bad game. He was also played on the left rather than his preferred right though.
I like him, he definitely isn't at the level required for the top of the PL, at least as yet.
Great work!