Oh mein Gott, wie kann man so falsch sein.... HIER KOMMT DIESER JUNGE!!!
Fandango's entrance. Cole saw it was Fandango earlier than Fandango was seen on screen, Graves questioned it, Cole explained to this g\*\*f that he saw his name on the screen and Fandango and Breeze have different single themes
THIS IS NOT AN ANTIMEME!
A simple text used to be enough evidence far back in the past. Of course photos and videos couldn’t last being unfakeable forever. In 50 years, a video is as much evidence as a written document from a random person was in the last 50 years. We need better evidences than two dimensional pictures, and eventually, those will become obsolete as well. It’s just normal revolution, it is kind of inevitable 
Seriously, can we stop posting non-KenM material, and then justifying it with that logic? 
I agree. I have seen descriptions that are spot on, and I’ve seen some that are entirely different than what I experience. Of course I can’t say how other people feel, but I’d guess it really isn’t the same for everyone. I personally never really had the urge to kill myself, rather just to die. Like I wouldn’t jump in front of a train, I never really had that, because I fear surviving it. But when it gets worse I really, really, really hope just not to wake up the next day. 
*My math teacher wants to know your location*
In the summer that’s normal, isn’t it?
Not sure if this is referencing that, or just really coincidental, because they are doing exactly that
That's sub\-suborbital. Following a trajectory with an apogee below 100km, so the same thing they did in their last flight. Not really one\-upping, but you're doing the same thing when you jump, yes.
And like the guy said, it makes sense something like winking is... I don't wanna say counterintuitive, but you know what I mean. After all, even though he is a machine, he is built to be very human, with a consciousness and everything, he can obviously be confused easily, like you said the contraction thing... some things that don't appear perfectly logical he just struggles with, while he learned some things from humans and now does them like everybody else and he feels 'natural' about it, like friendship
I HATE LUCHA ROPES!
He didn't have his hands in front of his face though, they were in front of his chest. Meaning his hands would have gone past the steel beam, but his head wouldn't. Literally the exact same outcome, except for a steel beam holding his head somewhere near the end of the fall \(least control/momentum ratio at that moment\), while the rest of his momentum keeps pushing into that direction.

It was funny as hell, but Cody is 100&#37; right when he says he almost died. A lot closer, and it would have hurt like crap. A bit further, or just like this, and he just slides unpleasantly under the ring. But just a bit closer, and his neck would have snapped.

He would have been beheaded in Saudi Arabia, even though Darren was the gay one
We aren’t quite there yet, but usually it’s the regulations that lack behind. So I’m really glad about that forward thinking, making the laws now so we have them when we need them. Rare, but appreciated. Awesome news
YES! This is satisfying as hell. Kinda reminds me of a perfectly executed WWE springboard move, good old Rey Mysterio doing Booyaka Booyaka on some motherfuckers
Are you fucking retarded? It’s a reference to the commentators asking how the hell anyone could eliminate the seven feet tall monster Big Show  every damn year. You’re either new to this sub or the joke went right over your head, but it was a reference to what became a meme
Give he was eliminated over the top rope the next day by Ambrose, and if it doesn't count, was eliminated in 3 Royal Rumble matches since then, I'd say he is eliminated
Both were never really Wyatts. It was an angle, joining the Wyatts just so you can turn on them. They weren't really what made the Wyatt family the Wyatt family.
It's not really comparable to anything we know. But every host with the symbiant is different. The person that comes out is sort of like a mix of the host and the symbiant. It has all the memories and feelings and character traits of the host and the symbiant, and that mixed personality will also remain with the symbiant once the host dies, meaning the next personality is the previous symbiant\+host mix, and this is mixed together with a new personality, which is the new host. So every "incarnation" is different, but there's a part of every previous incarnation in the ones after that, including things like memories and skills as well. So you aren't really "you" anymore. People close to you would probably still recocognize "you", apart from obviously the looks still being the same, but they would also see that you're definitely not the same person you used to be. Maybe it's kinda like comparing a 10 year old and that same 10 year old when he's 50. In most cases you still see the 10 year old kid in him, but it's definitely a different character now\(in most cases at least\)
>Space X

*triggered!!!*

In all seriousness, this is exactly what they want. Sure, the design isn't exactly innovative, but SpaceX aren't really that pissy about things like that, it's not like they would patent something like that so nobody else can do it, which surprisingly *some companies who never reached orbit or landed anything bigger than a space didlo after 100km* do.

Maybe they aren't too happy it's almost the same design \(just worse, and scaled down, obviously\), but I bet they'd take this over the Chinese not chasing reusability at all any day.
As a german: Trust me, avoiding every possible English word you can and literally translating everything as unnatural as possible to the point where it's even worse than r/ich_iel, but not ironic, is painful too
The winner of the International Wrestling Grand Prix used to get a championship, Hogan won that \(not the now\-IWGP Heavyweight title btw, one is a trophy, the other is a championship, it's just the name\)

And like others said, belts are used for trophies in combat sports. They also said the winner will get the belt as a trophy so... about a 99&#37; chance it's not a championship, or else they would have said it's going to be something that'd be defended in the future.
[https://streamable.com/sogjf](https://streamable.com/sogjf)
That was soooo obvious. Look at his size... of course nobody could eliminate him, duh... typical WWE, being predictable as hell
Since about 2 years actually.
I really, really, really hope this theme is exclusively used for Royal Rumble's. They cut out the thing right after "Shock the system", with the strobe lights and all. Cutting out small things like that are the little details than become incredibly annoying \(like Shinsuke's font too, it's seen for like 10 seconds in the background, but god was it hated\).
That spot was basically like the Elbow on Taker he missed on RAW before their WM match. I'm not saying Shane isn't insane or anything, I'm just saying this isn't a new level of crazy, like for example falling 40 fucking feet after being hit by Steve Blackman.

Insane dude....
It's not really unlikely they did a WWE 24... I mean, they did for WM now twice I think, they did Raw after Mania, they do basically all the time now... what a better time for a WWE 24 than not only the biggest Royal Rumble ever, but also a historic event for Saudi Arabia and its future and relationship with WWE. Oh, and the fact that it was almost as big as WM too
Oh my god, this is the best "Show me Seth Rollins' character" gif answer probably since 2015. This is such a classic Seth...
Lol, I can already imagine someone posting a "Everyone who goes to Survivor Series: Join me in falling down every time Jeff does a whisper in the wind" thread
I'll never not laugh at classic botch references
Yeah, I was gonna say this botch perfectly sums up Titus O'Neil basically. If I saw that botch with a greyed out person, I'd hope it was Titus, because it's such a Titus thing to do/happen to one. And yeah, he can probably have a laugh about it as well, he's a great person out of the ring
You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain

2018, and now Undertaker is botching a very serious move, which can cause very serious injuries... Damn, he looked so fit in the match... I can just never decide if he should have retired 6 years ago, or if I just couldn't live with the fact that he's retiring
Edge and Paige never broke their neck
Well, while we are talking about serious things right now, it's time to get serious when bringin up Angle: He never wrestled with a broken neck, and it's doubtable in what shape his neck was really in, it's said that it wasn't really broken. And yeah, for those who are really thinking neck injuries aren't that bad, based on Angle "winning a gold medal with a broken freaking neck", look it up, it wasn't really as badass as it sounds.
Fuck, I knew it... I was thinking he was really low on that tombstone, and I was wondering how much pressure there is on taker... if he doesn't fall straight down, and bends his hip just a little, Aiden's head will connect. Then he hit the mat... After he moved I was kind of relieved, especially remembering how Taker never really botched it and the whole Hogan thing that didn't actually happen... but still, not surprised Aiden is injured. I really hope it's not that bad, and rather just a bit of a head injury rather than the neck \(concussions suck, but the neck is what's really dangerous\)
Hey, nobody here says it's inimaginable how the hell it could happen. Besides Jet Lag and stuff \(but it's the middle of the day in the US, it's not like it's THAT bad\), just wrestling in general, working with improvisation... it's hard as fuck, there's a reason why there are good wrestlers and bad wrestlers, nobody blames Jinder for being human.

What we do complain about is that why somebody who doesn't have these skills, and is a very bad wrestler, still is in a title match. And not for the first time. Things like this aren't on the one who botches them, Jinder just sucks as a wrestlers... some people just don't have that talent for it, no matter how much they try. This is all on those people who disregard that, and still push people like him. This shouldn't happen in a title match, because you shouldn't put people that can't wrestle in important matches.

So yeah, obviously it's totally understandable how something like this happens. The part that isn't understandable is how they could do that, besides knowing it will probably happen. They have good wrestlers, why push bad wrestlers in a wrestling business?
"Maybe it was just the impact shook Jinder's knees from underneath him"

Lol I love Corey
We all know how fucking funny it was, but jesus, if he would have slipped just a little bit later... he was ready to catch himself on the floor, not the ring, so he would have went with full momentum against that metal thing under the apron which holds the ring. And seeing how far he slipped, that would have definitely cause... something... to his neck. He can be really glad that it went like it did. A lot later would have hurt, but wouldn't be too bad, just an unexpected bump into the apron. But just a little bit later and he would have went full momentum with his forehead on that thing, while his body keeps pushing down and forward but his head can't.
Yeah I know, I was referring to that “only the engines are worth saving” mentality of them
*Sir, the engines are the only reason we tried to recover it in the first place, this empty metal tube isn't really of value*
100&#37; agreed. I got really sad once I realized he will probably no longer make any themes, maybe one or two at best. CFO$ are good, but like you said, just not even close to Jim.
Yeah, but Byron sorta gives this "my dad told me to not like the bad guys and always be good with the good guys" feel. It's his character but... it's just not the same feel of passion that JR used to have.
Much more importantly, why the fuck were they friends in the first place? They fucking hated each other, Sasha got called up, then eventually she turned face for nooo fucking reason, while Charlotte turned heel in the meantime, and suddenly Sasha called up Bayley to the main roster..... twice. And they were BFFs... Of course the horsewomen exist and all but... wtf man, you don't need to fuck all over Kayfabe because of that. That was so stupid. 
Wait what? Great Khali? Damn... that would have seriously gotten a surprise pop from me. Not a great one, but just hearing somebody you haven't seen for a long time is always great \(even though we saw him once with Jinder last year\). Especially since the last 3 Rumbles or so had basically no surprise returns at all. There were some debuts or call ups, most of which were somewhat expected, and of course Rey, who didn't return yet at that point, and Hurricane. But aside from that... and the surprise one offs are always a big part of a Rumble for me
Wow, he looks so different. Apart from being jacked as fuck obviously, the glasses, the \(non\-existent\) hair, and everything... but oh well, it's been well over a decade since I last saw him without mask, so no surprise really
You're not that wrong with the first part. Yeah sure, 205 live is great, and I love it too. But come on, Neville was like a monster in there, and yet right now, he's still at the very low end of the main roster. Being good in 205 live means nothing for your credibility, the top of 205 is where the main roster even starts. It's not an alternative roster, it's actually the end of the main roster.

Like I said, quality wise they are on par or better, and I have no doubt that Neville is world champion material. But credibility wise, in Kayfabe and all, a 205 live star is a jobber on the main roster. It's sad, but it's true
Well, turns out teaming him up with someone, then have him either injured or unused while his former partner became the biggest star of NXT, first ever Universal champion, and one of the top guys on RAW, while they put him in 205 live after like 4 years of nothing, is not that good to motivate people.

It's not entirely on WWE obviously, and it's not entirely on him either, but all around, it's very understandable why he isn't motivated and yeah... the best word to describe it is unfortunate. Really sad how it went for him
Me too, except the intro. Always a shit band and some paid interns headbanging in the first row, even though you can see literally the entire arena isn't into it at all. Always makes it feel so weird when they is this small circle rocking out, but nobody else. And I don't care if "it's theoretically possible a few people at the same place enjoy that music", it just looks stupid, and the band is stupid too.

But I agree on the entrances, they have all been fire.
He was an honorary member of AOP. They're doing separate things now. But if that match happened sooner, then he would have had a guaranteed chance of winning
Lol, already burst out laughing at number 9
Have memes gone too far?
This will probably keep going until eventually somebody makes one advanced enough to become the top post of all time. I hope so at least
Vsauce once did this great video about a library which consists out of every possible word combination that can be written. It’s limited to a pretty high amount of letters, but the code can be extended, and like I said, the limit is very high, so just about every thing you can say is in that library (Library pf Babel I think). The same thing exists for pictures, so basically every single pixel variation possible in a limited resolution. Theoretically, that means you can just scroll through that and see your crush naked. And about 10000 variations of the same picture, which look a little bit different, but not different enough for you to realize that’s not how your crush looks like (small changes in physique). And also your crush with one half of the face handing off. And your crush dead on the street. And just about everything that’s possible to put in a 1000x1000 res photo. Truly fascinating.
Well he literally did that the first night in NXT so... nothing slow about that
By no means would I put him in the “best wrestlers” part of WWE. He’s pretty good when he’s not trying some stupid shit, but he’s not exceptional. He can take moves pretty well, and he can take the most extreme bumps though.
Are you suggesting he’s the best all rounder? Even then someone like Seth is better
In flight abort is said to be likely the 1041 I believe
Really, they only want to reuse a booster three times for their missions? Man that sucks... SpaceX designs a booster for 100 reflights, but NASA will still almost not use that capability
Those were evidently days with very, very gentle waves, almost none. We don't know shit if soft water landing is always just taken for granted.

I mean, you're right, the impact matters, but just because we've seen two being somewhat in good shape recovered doesn't mean the waves can't break it.
Version 7
Gwynne saying a falcon instead of "fucking" but probably maybe thinking the fucking in her head is the kinda stuff that really makes me go
They didn't name all their stuff after birds. They only named the engines after birds. The Falcon is named after the Millennium Falcon from Star Wars, the Dragon is named after Puff, The Magic Dragon. They have three droneships named, two of which are named after ships from the Culture series, one is named in reference to a Culture ship but slightly changed. Starlink is a name they got on their own, and the Octograbber doesn't even really have an official name.

Besides, BFR is as much named after birds as the Falcon 9 would be, it's literally the name word. Just that neither are because of the Falcon, but rather a Star Wars ship
Just the cost. The actual power is about as big as the space shuttle external tank/SRB O'ring. Sure, there are about 7 people for whom it would be really dangerous, but nothing noteworthy when it comes to competing with capable rockets
Everything about him was black and gold. The hair, the gear, the logo, even the god damn title looked like it was designed for him. Only guy who looked even more fitting with the title than AJ Styles tbh
Bayley too the night before.
Kenny can make a bicycle knee look nothing like a bicycle knee, and somehow making it look more devastating
Besides all the issues mentioned, I really, really, really hope the Club comes together better than the Balor Club. Back then when AJ turned heel, they did that awesome 3 man entrance together, and I really hope AJ and the good brothers coming out seperately isn't going to happen that much anymore. The Club is still supposed to be super tight, and still together and all and not just "hey remember when?". All that happened was they were on seperate brands, but AJ kept wearing Club gear and such. They never split, they just were in different worlds.

So I really hope we get to see that again, small things like the entrance, the graphics, the announcer and so on say a lot about that, and I hope they are presented like back in 2016.
Much more so than now. In NXT, he was literally that guy with a cool jacket who was the demon sometimes.

Sure his current gimmick isn't great or that deep, but it exists. There is a Finn Balor beyong "really cool when he's painting himself", and that didn't exist before. It's also why he needed to be Finn for WM, because the Demon is supposed to be his last resort, when he's frustrated and needs something bigger than him to somehow overcome what he couldn't overcome. But right now, he's confident, and he's wrestling pretty well. He didn't win at WM, but he did come in with a good chance of winning.
What's a lot more buffling about this is why the fuck Roman... this booking is super bad, for literally anyone. Out of all people they chose, why the fuck Roman? Yes I know, management isn't interested in the same guys smarks are but... Roman is literally NOWHERE the best. He's good with kids, but there are better. He has the superhero look, but there are better. He has a good, marketable name, but they have better too. I just don't get what about him makes them think he should be the extremely heavy super top man, who only ever isn't superman when he's trying to win sympathy for being the underdog and overcome the odds \(aka the "John Cena booking every time his feud wasn't a jobber"\)
And is into some shit that makes you feel ashamed about your vanilla preferences
I'm almost sure Nakamura.
Yeah, people always say NJPW has the better wrestlers.. that might be, but when you have AJ, Shinsuke, Neville, Jeff Hardy, and so on, you should definitely be able to get a product on par with it. But NJPW's production is just so much better. Some dude on youtube made a great video about it. For the budget WWE has, they should really be able to get something better, especially when the majority of it would be not doing stupid shit like camera shakes, thousands of closeups, and cuts over cuts.
202\- Neville kinda dripped over a hole and right then, Gravity remembered
My bois shoving it to Jeff Who
I'm sort of bummed the winner will only get a trophy. I mean, that's great and all but... come on, give the winner a title shot
Besides, a face champion should always have a little bit of a tweener side. Nobody likes 100&#37; always smiling John Cena Superman faces.
"I once was in a long built, epic WrestleMania match which involved Stone Cold Steve Austin :D"

"Cool. Who was the opponent?"

"....."

"??"

"...I once was in a long built, epic WrestleMania m.....
Yes, women wrestlers get boob jobs for tactical reasons to protect their chest from bumps................
No it's not. It's bullshit
Yep, and now Sasha and Charlotte are two of the best, Bayley... well, Sasha and Charlotte are good now, and that's the point. At least they still have Charlotte in a top spot, maybe Sasha will get something one she turns heel as well
Except that the top wrestler in a division should be a good wrestler. Yeah she is good on the mic, but out of all people, she shouldn't have the record of combined days as champion. And don't come now with "John Cena wasn't the best in the ring either". First, John Cena got shit on, and still is, exactly for that reason, and on the other hand, if you compare Alexa Bliss to John Cena you have no idea what you're talking about
Except that Braun wasn't always like that in the ring. He got better and better, eventually people started to realize, then he did kip ups and things even, and right now he's probably almost as good as Big Show in his very best days back then, and Braun will probably still improve. Alexa on the other hand is exactly as good as she was in NXT.
Excuse me sir but I have a degree in professional wrestling and can tell you M'Lexi is literally the best wrestler this world has ever seen, fuck everyone who says anything against that, and she should be champion even more than she already is!!

^(/s)
No, nobody says anything against subs like WWTP existing. It's the fact that it's repost over repost, and most of it are the same 3 girls as well.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Shinsuke is like straight out of a movie, the heel turn is the best thing that happened to him in his entire WWE run so far
He tried to escape him, but luckily the LED board stopped him. What a coward
Well, that's not so bad. Landing back first on these suckers is
When he repeats "wakaru ka ore no chikara", that means "Don't you realize my power" or "don't you realize what my power is", and the "ICHIBAN" in the last one then means something like "don't you realize that I'm the first one/number one"
The violin player isn't Kay Suzuki though, unforunatlely. I'm sorta bummed he still didn't come out a single time with her, while this Lee England Jr. guy had like 3 appearances already \(she also covered his WWE theme fairly quickly btw\)
Also, apparently the band is called "Shadows of The Sun". How much of that is "we will take just the bands name", and how much of it is a wisely chosen name which coincidentally is the same as the name of the band they eventually chose, is left to imagination.

But yes, it does fit well

EDIT: Apparently the band doesn’t exist as it is, it’s a WWE project for the theme. So, all the props for the name go to WWE (in that case, the only laziness is same name for band and song but... I don’t wanna be that nitpicky now, nice job WWE)
Well yeah, that's no fair comparison. Nothing tops \*that\* Shinsuke
I start to dislike the "Ronda fucking people up" thing. It was cool the first few times, especially with Steph, but... I don't know. Kinda makes the division look stupid when there's this one girls who takes everyone down with literally zero effort
I like how they are basically confirming the f stands for fucking, without saying it
Isn’t it more? 1.5 billion for a single Shuttle launch IIRC
Oh I get it... because he wants to cut himself rite?
OMG SOMEOME CALL A FUCK THAT ITALIAN ASSHOLE PARTY??? FUCK CIAMPA LMAO
Good point. I was expecting to see a lot of new information, and in general things we didn’t know. However, it was just another one of those videos where she explained what they are doing and such. It’s interesting for new people, but for people who are fairly interested in SpaceX it’s basically just the same again. She has done multiple talks, and it feels more like a tour, in which she says the same things to multiple different audiences and cities and such. The only thing we learned we didn’t know for sure was that the fairing inside is in fact 8m, and that Gwynne is VERY confident in the Earth to Earth thing. But a lit of other questions haven’t been answered (or asked, for that matter), and it was more like a “trust me, we can do that” instead of explaining how they do that. Especially Earth to Earth has been questioned a lot, and the interviewer was as skeptical as a lot of other people were, but I don’t feel like I learned anything from watching it. She was basically just confirming they are still that confident and nothing has changed.
what's happening with the damn titantron WE'RE HAVING A GOD DAMN BLACKOUT
Lol, they are actually embracing that Paige meme.
Kind of... underwhelming to be quite honest
No that's the population of India which Jinder has to carry on his back and represent as champion
Btw, does it connect to the same thing the hold down clamps use?
Remember that one guys “only females should be allowed to have female characters” rage, when be felt in love with that guy he played with for like an hour? Lol
I recall reading somewhere they gave him a couple of names and he could chose, including some crazy ass dragon name or something, and he just though Daniel Bryan was the most acceptable one.
MAMMA MIA TOPE SUICIDA
Oh...
> Shawn Michaels name is actually Michael Shawn

TIL "Shawn Hickenbottom" isn't his name either. Damn... that's like finding out The Undertaker's middle name is Mark and he has some other first name actually. I never knew the Michael part
He's a 4 time WWE Champion in 25+ years, and never had a run with any midcard title, what about this is being an egomaniac?
http://www.angelfire.com/wrestling3/kotdm15/listsleeze.html
I'm always surprise when people find out and are surprised. I mean... he's either WWE Champion, or if they're degrading him to be in the Midcard, he's surely go for the US title every time.
Exactly, just proves the point. His run, surprise surprise, sucked
I’d rather see him do it, but like I said, he didn’t. He fucked it up multiple times
That’s true. But like you said, they said it can’t, and it’s not designed to. Sure, “Space Plane” is just wrong, but that’s purely because it sounds better than “high altitude plane”, and when you’re a tourist, the feel isn’t THAT much different between 100km and 80km. Remember Felix Baumgartner’s widely promoted “jump from
the edge of space”? He was closer to the Mariana Trench, the deepest surface point of Earth, over 10km under the ocean, than the actual edge of space. Just promotion because it sounds cooler. 

They’re a whole different business model, they aren’t in the same category as BO and SpaceX
Exactly. Sure, the Russian part of the ISS already looks so... Russian, and so does the capsule and everything else inside, but you gotta hand it to them... as old and dirty the design always looks, they beat the US in every aspect aside from the Moon mission, they went orbital on the very first manned spaceflight just as an example, and they have the best track record in history, and while it's not the best Rocket now, the fact that it still makes sense to fly them after half a century is really something.

Sure, you can do new stuff, and you should, but I don't see the US right now bringing Astronauts to the ISS, I didn't for quite some time now. And if it wasn't for the private sector, that wouldn't change either.
> Nude Gwen

WHERE? MOUNTAINNN
> What's a Karman line? Everyone knows space starts at 80km

Same for Jeff "99km" Who
Wait what? When did we take a car to another planet?
Wait what? When did we take a car to another planet?
THANK YOU! That’s exactly how I felt about it too. It just feels so much more real, as if that is really what’s happening. The intro perfectly blended real past with future/fiction past. And the song just fits perfectly for that.
Lol, imagine him actually raising his kids like that
Why is Ciampa the most important part of the system, spending energy and all? HHH should be the sun, Regal drives the train. Ciampa can be under the train or something
Except for being the source of almost all energy we have, responsible for this planet not being a huge iceball, and the only thing that keeps us somehow at least a little bit aligned in the universe instead of just drifting through the milky way completely alone... oh, and the fact it's not on earth
Heute nicht!
Harald Töpfer oh mein Gotje..... ohne Humbucks, ich hab Tränen in den Augen vor lachen
We all know how good he is, that's nothing new.

What I'm really appreciating is that WWE is actually not fucking it up. That he's the best in WWE as well, and the title is perfect on him, not just a transition champion or something... I'm really glad that for once, they do everything so right. It doesn't take a genius or perfect booking, it's pretty much just giving the title to the right guy, but we all, including me, are by now so expecting them not to do it, that just when AJ is champion, I'm more than happy. Sure, he could have a cool Bullet Club angle or something more exciting, but I'm really overly happy just by the fact that he's champion, and an actual, long time champion as well at that.
Yeah, That moment when he enters the ring, El Desperado opens up the flag in the background, and the whole crowd screams Kaze Ni Nare is one of the coolest things ever.

Why do these posts suddenly get downvoted, when a week ago "LMAO SMACKDOWN FUCKING BURIED RAW" and "RIP Raw" posts were gilded and on top? I just don't get the people here sometimes....
That would make sense, but at the same time they don't limit Big E doing the apron spear so...
It started in 2015, WWE created a channel and some other social media, and Xavier was the host.

[This was the first video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx-vR13FWJk). If there was an UUDD before that, let me know, but as far as I know it was always WWE. I remember that so well because every since the day it started, a lot of people just assumed it's Xavier's own thing, and I always knew it wasn't.

Maybe there was an UUDD really just by Xavier, and eventually WWE rebooted it, but like I said, I know the UUDD that started in 2015, WWE never took it over or anything, they created and own it. It just always got mistaken for Xavier's channel because it's not filled with WWE corporate logos and it just seems like a chill show by a chill gamer instead of a million dollar production show.
If it wasn't for Reby's snapchat, I'd start to question if he can even still talk like normal Matt Hardy
I've never followed her before she came to WWE tbh, but I instantly became a fan in the Mae Young Classic. I thought finals was too much, but I'm glad they're going that way instead of jobbing her out. 
F
Lol the Roman Reigns nickname.... Rusev is a treasure
> Xavier Woods’ UpUpDownDown YouTube channel

It's WWE's channel btw. UUDD is WWE, it's hosted by Xavier

He actually fucked up within the first 100 days, so it doesn't even make sense. Like... what's the point of it if you continue after fucking up?
When and how the fuck did the meme become Space X is the correct way to spell it? This is supposed to be overly BEHIND SpaceX, meaning what they say and so is law and order, and Jeff Who sucks ass. So when they call themselves SpaceX, on this sub everything that says "Space X" should be as stupid as Jeff Who. Pretending the wrong way to spell it is the right way is just stupid... we're supposed to make fun of these people, not pretend we are them ourselves.

Sorry, I meant Dragon 9 X Norminarge Yes Mountain!
Also, chances are NASA wouldn't have allowed it anyways, you know how they are. I'm glad they allow reusing CRS boosters at least
Dragon 2 was almost solely designed for the NASA missions, Red and Grey Dragon were more a "we could also do this with it when we have it" than the reason to build it. Once they started thinking about BFR, they didn't need Dragon for either Mars or the Moon anymore, and they don't do anything with Dragon besides ISS on earth, so they could either use Dragon, or the much superior BFR for the Mars and Moon missions. It's pretty obvious which on to go with. Developing propulsive landing would only make BFR drag behind, it's basically like further improving Falcon 9 now, it just doesn't make sense in the long term.

So because of that, propulsive landing was ditched. The non crewed version will probably not even have SuperDraco thrusters, since they are only used as abort motors now.

Btw, this also means Dragon 2 will go a similar way Dragon did, and be pretty much ISS exclusive. There was one tourist trip around the moon in planning, but that one got ditched over to BFR as well, so Dragon 2 isn't this all rounder it originally was, it's pretty much only a ISS supply and crew capsule now.

Kind of sad, but in the long term it just makes more sense that way. The quicker we get BFR, the better.
I honestly didn't know who he was. But today I started watching Whose Line again, and I've seen him there for the first time then. He seemed pretty cool. Shortly thereafter, not even 2 hours, I went to the Whose Line sub, and the top post was like 10 minutes old, and one of the first reports of his death. Then I googled and there were a couple of 10-15 minute old reports saying the same. That was so weird... having never seen him in my life, but then discovering him not even 2 hours before the world finds out he's dead.

RIP, he really seemed like a great dude.
Ok, that is super weird:

I just started watching whose line again like 3 hours ago. I started with Season 10, because I have barely seen anything from that one. I saw the episode with Verne Troyer, and didn't know the guy at all, but though he's really funny. That was like... I don't know, not even 2 hours ago from right now. And just now it's being reported he died? WHAT THE FUCK... That's just super fucking weird...

I'd be lying if I'd say I knew him or anything, but this still sucks, rest in peace. He seemed like a really funny little dude. 49 might be a lot for someone with such an illness (at least I guess, I don't know what he has and if it's as bad as most of these illnesses, but most people that small don't live long unfortunately), but it's still way too young to die.
First we have to find out how much does a hole... weigh?
I always thought it’s either RTLS or just catching it basically, but I guess it makes sense to get it as far back as possible. Interesting.
I always have the feat that thing will break off when using that machine. Thanks for showing me “meh, I could probably catch myself” isn’t the case should that happen. Hate that one tbh
Yeah, one of the reasons. But my point still stands. It’s more expensive with more weight, more weight means either shorter range or more fuel. So of course at one point you should have to pay extra for more weight you put in the plane.
Do you happen to know if the Tesla Semi will have Level 2 or Level 3? Probably Level 2 as well, right?
Nikki is in Sane? Damn...
Was there a boostback burn during this? Because in [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2ZUxr7xc1E), it looks like it, but since when are they doing a boostback burn when landing on OCISLY? I know they did for FH, but that was different.
4 more B4 flights. Not necessarily landings since... why would you land it? Sure, you can put it in a museum or something, but the effort is just not worth it. They are likely expending them
As much as I disagree with almost anything else Ryback says, I'm 100% with him with that post that got him fired. Jobbers are really underrated. It doesn't make no god damn sense that people who's job it is to make other people look good, get less money and credit than those who are made looking good. Jinder Mahal got a lot more money and was treated better once he won the championship. That just doesn't make sense... why are you better earning when you're successful in a scripted show? He's as good as champion as he is as jobber. But he doesn't get the same for it.


WWE games have been annual released since over a decade, SvR2007 was the same.

I never got to play the old games when they were new, so I can't compare fairly since now obviously they don't have the same feel anymore, but compared to the games I played, starting with SvR2010, I'd say WWE 2k18 is one of the best. 2k13 was probably the very best one though
You also expect more money if you work longer, don’t you? It’s not a matter of if it’s possible, it’s the fact that more payload = more fuel burnt = more expensive.
Yes
A lot... seriously, this shit was expensive as fuck
They didn’t
What? NASA built Shuttles, and flew them 3 decades long. They are retired now.
Yes. There’s a difference between what a plane can do and how much it costs. More payload means more fuel means more cost... nothing that complicated. Transporting the shuttle was expensive as fuck
You think carrying the space shuttle was as cheap as any other flight? They had to stop 3 times to refuel ffs...
Yes. Also, the top one isn’t a plane
Not really. You know how fucking expensive that shit was? And how many stops to refuel they had to do with that? That’s a 747, stopping 3 times when flying just over America. A plane which is capable of Transatlantic flight in normal configuration....
Why is everyone so surprised? They said they want to talk and denuclearize maybe even after the Olympic games, THAT was a surprise. This is nothing really that new.

It’s not even that much of an obvious 180, as opposed to literally agreeing to peace talks with SK and USA, which they did earlier this year. It could also just mean “we don’t need to test anymore, we’re fully capable now”, which would be quite the opposite.
Yeah, I agree. When robots taking away work from humans is a bad thing, we really have to think over the system. 
The current Tesla Autopilot is referred to Level 2 I guess then?
I am. But DAE DON’T HINDER JINDER is just lame
Most times they don't. Sometimes they are aware of it, for example to implement a phrase ("for the love of Mankind"), but usually they don't. For one, that's 3 people less who can put spoilers out, and for the other, the reactions are much more genuine. Some commentators have also said they prefer it that way, for exactly that reason.

And as you can see in the video, they are big wrestling fans themselves, they get super invested in the match as well. Really nothing to gain by letting them know
Yep. That's probably also why he pronounced it jiff instead of gif, to ensure everybody understands what he meant (at least that's what I tell myself, I don't want to believe Mauro is actually a heel and calls them "jiffs")
I have zero fucking interest in Ambrose coming back. It has been a lot more enjoyable without him, and I just don't understand how you can be excited about him... There were many great choices for Strowman's partner at WrestleMania, but if it would have been Ambrose I would have skipped and rolled my eyes, he would have been such a "ugh, and I expected something" like Big Cass would have been for many people.
Yeah, but it's more everyone else having even less momentum, than Naito just having a lot. He's not dead or unpopular now or anything, but him not winning at WK was just retarded.
Acting like Jinder is any good at all and completely overdoing it, trying to be funny, is another thing that can fuck right off btw.
Momentchen, jetzt komm ich nicht mehr mit
Zu echt
4 echt?

Länder werden ja manchmal so dargestellt, mit der Flagge im Land. Österreich hat aber weiß in der Flagge, welches auch der Hintergrund bzw die Region drum herum ist welche nicht zum Land gehört, also Wasser oder ein anderer Staat. Eine der Folgen der globalen Erwärmung ist das der Meeresspiegel steigt, heist manche Länder wie die Niederlande verlieren ein geringen Teil Landmasse. Bei Österreich fehlt hier ja nun bereits die Hälfte, da der Wasserspiegel so weit gestiegen ist dass die Hälfte bereits unter Wasser liegt, was offensichtlich vor 100 Jahren noch nicht der Fall ist.
I can't provide a source without doing the same work you could do (googling and such), I know it because PWinsider, and I believe Dave as well, reported that once Tozawa completely stopped doing it. I remember it so well because I was a huge Tozawa fan, especially of his suplex, so I was really outraged by it and wanted to find out why that was.

But I don't have it bookmarked or anything, sorry.
Exactly. Tozawa does a snap and a deadlift, while brock only does release and triples (and even then, his angle is completely different during a triple than Tozawas, Brock basically still does a release just with holding on.. almost no angle, as opposed to Tozawa's pure technique).

If it was something like the F5 I'd get it, but wtf?? It's a german suplex. That move existed before professional wrestling existed
The WWE record books probably also don't have any record whatsoever of the titanic sinking, that doesn't mean it never happened. So while it's not a sanctioned WWE match, it still is a thing, it happened, and he got beaten.
Any updates? CAN IT BE? OH MY
Yes
The IC isn't its counterpart. The IC title is higher than the US
People like it, but not as a finisher.
I’m really glad to find out that’s just a gimmick/ring name of his
Because Graves isn't so one dimensional as most other on air personalities usually are. He isn't automatically cheering all heels and booing all faces, he got picks who he likes and own opinions, similar to how an actual fan views the programming, instead of the usual "I'm a bad guy, he's a bad guy, we're best friends now".
Also, having a black commentator on every booth just for the sake of having one just shows they don't give shit about talent. The only time they treat women or race minorities "right" is when there's some kind of PR to be gained. You could have the best black commentator in the world, if they have Byron Saxton and Percy Watson at every table, they won't hire him
Sounds easy. Maybe if I get the chance to do it I'm gonna go for it one day (though my dumb ass will probably just do it on a rail guard or something and break my face lmao)
It was on a camp site, and when I got to my family's camp I actually did the finger point and said "bang bang". But only one person there doesn't hate wrestling, and that guy isn't really a fan, he knows some basic people and sometimes plays 2k games and such but... not really someone who actively watches wrestling or knows much about it.

But hey, in my mind it was pretty cool. Must suck to be in that state constantly instead of just for a day though
Yep. And they stopped him doing it because..... Brock Lesnar does the move twice a year too. Out of all reasons, "another star does this move" should be the bottom of the list. Like come on... nobody is gonna be like "hey, he's stealing Akira Tozawa's move!" when Brock does it. It doesn't take the spotlight from him or anything. It just makes Akira and the match kinda lame, while it doesn't add anything to anything else in WWE... I don't get why they do this at all.
Not quite, Mars because his father always said he’s out of this world, but Bruno is because of Sammartino.
Bruno becaue of Sammartino, Mars because he’s “not from thus world” or “out of this world”
Yeah, just what I thought. One thing I just realized: How do they make each surface feel different? Do they manipulate the magnetic field so it has similar properties to the real thing? Because otherwise wouldn’t all holograms feel exactly the same? 
Fuck me, thanks. Good bot
If that wouldn’t be possible, you could walk on holograms or something at all. You can physically interact with them, as if they have matter, ride horses and such. Therefore if that contact is hard enough, you can feel it. What did Picard say about how even a holographic bullet can kill?

Since Alara turned safety off, that means it’s not attempting not to hurt you, so it’s basically like real. How exactly they made it possible in ST and The Orville to male Holograms have a physical feel is unknown, but most likely the same technology that force fields use. As in a force field around a hologram, very roughly speaking. Finally, at least in Star Trek, some
of the objects were replicated for real, instead of only being holographic, so you can for example get a tea in the holodeck and take it out. This only applies to a few things though, and it’s unknown if that’s the same in the Orville.
It looks like he is twisting his arm. I know it's not that hard, but I still don't get which rope to hold when and when to let it go. I'm fairly sure I'd fuck up in every way imaginable.
Oh man... that must feel so awkward when you can't get over the top rope and you're in that situation. It's always kinda funny to see but still.. I just imagine being the one in the situation, it must really suck.
I remember falling off a bike down a hill during vacation, and it hurt so fucking bad, but I couldn't help but somewhat smile inside because I was really forced to walk like Mick. Nobody knows who Mankind is, so I couldn't even share that with anyone but still... kinda made the pain a bit more bearable
Also wouldn't hurt to do it once before you do it on live TV... like.. I know you obviously can't practice the entire show, but is it that hard to take him for a minute, say "this is how you take it", do it, and check if he can do it well, to avoid awkward TV moments?
Perihelion? It’s orbiting Earth, isn’t that making the Periapsis “Perigee” then?
No. They are putting it in a graveyard orbit around the sun instead of de-orbiting it or letting it decay this time.
Better than the first font they had for him, but I still agree
A mosque with children in the western world is basically a wrestling ring. I know some people from the middle eastern region or Turkey and such, and they pretty much all constantly did wrestling moves as kids. Not all of them are still caring about wrestling, or ever really did a lot, but there was definitely a lot less "what's wrestling?" or "isn't that shit fake anyways?" from them as opposed to my European friends.

So I can't really confirm that, but I have no trouble believing it based on my experience growing up in Europe and knowing a bunch of Arabs and Turks.
Related to the tickets and the seating, nothing about the events existence like on the Internet.

Basically the entire floor is reserved for officials and sheiks, while regular people can only get further away places. Also, you can't chose your seat, you buy a ticket and get a random one, and there was something about family and single tickets, and the families were greatly favored somehow... not the kind of boycott we are thinking about
That's not even that big. Well, I'm 100% sure it is and it's just me, but damn...

I'm from Germany with over 80 million, and I always feel like while that's a lot, Germany isn't really one of the top countries that everyone knows. Sure, everybody has heard of it but.. it feels like it isn't really a huge country, while Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates always feel like that. But turns out they are a lot smaller actually.

EDIT: Well, TIL I have no feeling for country populations, and Germany’s pretty damn populated
I was super glad he won instead of Owens. Owens had a better breakout year, that's true, but I hate how Owens got that while Neville got nothing, while Neville is a lot better than KO actually. I mean, still, the only time he ever wasn't in the doghouse or plain boring was in the cruiserweight division... that guy is a fucking world champion material.
Lol, I like how John Cena is the same guy in the comic as he is on TV. Like.. what's that dude's problem? First he's friendly, then he's not, then he says he's coming for Styles, then he says if Styles isn't coming for him he isn't a man... he sees himself as the biggest shark in the tank, and also assumes everybody else just accepts that as well. Like... what if you're just not worth the time for AJ John? What if he's such a big shark, he doesn't want none of lil' sharks like you?
I was just joking about the US live brodcast tape delay since that Superbowl nip slip, and how Becky only saw the cash in a week later because of that... bad joke, sorry
I was just joking about the US live brodcast tape delay since that Superbowl nip slip, and how Becky only saw the cash in a week later because of that... bad joke, sorry
Well, they could also use it for the world titles. They could also refuse to, because well... they can do whatever they want
Makes me wonder.... in that quick second between impact and death or unconsciousness, do they believe they flew into a bird?
lol
how did I miss that? Thanks
That was a part of the deal though. Case specific. Also, you said midcard titles are the exception.... literally the only time they hinted such a rule could possibly exist was with a midcard title
When did they explain that rule? That rule doesn’t exist
Ooh, got the two terms mixed up in my head then, my bad. Thanks
Also, instead of doing the record scratch to interrupt his opponents music, he enters first.... like wtf
Well, LIJ did! Just that LIJ is a sub-group of LI
When did that happen? They never did that wtf?!

The WWE Title was secured to SD by Ambrose winning the Shield Triple Threat, the Universal Title was always on RAW.
I want this to happen. This could be like the invasion or something. Smackdown just slowly destroying RAW, stealing all titles, all good stars, and so on. Shane returned for one reason, and that’s to make RAW great again. He got smackdowm, and they constantly made his show bad, giving him the former B-Show, having a 3-2 ration in the initial draft, and so on. Now he can finally do it, and shove it to Steph and Vince.
Depends on the match. It doesn’t matter which gender or sexuality or color one has at all. If the build and story is the best, give it he maim event. Don’t ever make it the main event just for the sake of it. Much like with titles, the booking and the story makes the main event and makes it historic, not the other way around. “The story behind the first ever woman’s main event was that they wanted to do a woman’s main event for the first time ever” is a bad thing, “the story was so important and good that the only right place on the card was the main event” is how it should be.
His gimmick and the whole thing with the Shield was just awesome. I really hope they continue where they left off instead of a AA reunion or something.
Whyyyy? This is retarded. Why don’t you just take away Chyna from DX as well? Nikki is one of the things that made Sanity special. now it’s just another 3 man group... how special
Maybe Daria would be
I don’t get it
Wait, does the term “vagina” not include the pee hole as well? I never really though about where the vagina starts and ends
In the park? The way I understood it, it was his neighbor. He was basically naked in his garden, and there’d no sufficient fence between the two properties, so the teen saw him. Officially, that counts as exposing yourself to a teen I guess.
I was quoting/Parodying Michael Cole. He was being confused as hell about how you can hire somebody who’s not hired yet. Of course RAW can sign someone, how else would they have gotten Bobby Lashley?
So first if all about the escape thing, there is a rumor that the launch room is actually an escape pod, so the nose cone and the launch pod jettison with high TWR rocket motors, and then land with parachutes (obviously they aren’t sitting in their quarters during launch). But that’s just a rumor/concept.

Then about Space Shuttle: I was thinking the same thing, but the more I think about it, the less it is true. The BFR doesn’t use SRBs for one. Just clean, controlled, restartable, liquid fueled engines. There are no big parts to really fall off, it’s a straight stick that separates once, that’s it. No rings or foam pads or anything hitting the orbiter. So the columbia and challenger disasters is cleared.

Then of course, the heat shield. I have no idea how they do it, that’s my biggest concern. But I know the heat shield is a part of the actual body, rather than just tiles slapped onto it like with the STS orbiter, and I’d imagine the technology has advanced quite enough to make sure they won’t fall off.

Also, the STS was just about the most complicated system imaginable, in an age before the internet existed and before computers could really do that much. BFR is basically a Falcon 9 at launch, and almost a Falcon 9 Booster stage at landing, just at a lot higher velocities and such, and we have so much more technology nowadays.
Rollins got close.
Yeah, these are overpushed bastards. I know what you mean, people like Big Show, Mark Henry, or Nia until recently, that get billed as unbeatable and impossible to bring down, but actually everybody defeats them. Braun isn't one of these guys.
Seth is mister Monday Night. They can switch the entire roster around, but one thing that won't change is AJ styles staying in Paige's house that he built, and Rollins staying on his show.
I get that it's for the sake of avoiding mistakes during live broadcast and all, but god damn they are overdoing the whole tape delay thing
I'm happy neither Alexa nor Roman got to SD. SD now has a great roster, and not really people to bury it anymore either. Sure, a lot of the focus is gonna be on AJ and Shinsuke, but that's a good thing. There aren't many people to steal the spotlight, except for maybe Randy Orton and Big Ass
Well, what did he do on RAW? He injured The whole Shield, granted but... isn't the SHIELD that group who started to just attack and destroy people in the name of "justice"? Hell, Triple H had to fight all 3 of them as a team as well as separately basically all the time, he barely was doing anything else but fighting with the Shield... Samoa Joe was just being a good employee and wanted to fight them off.

I guess what I'm saying is Paige just signed the death sentence for Absolution
Looool, make it happen Vince!
> Gable complaining about ref decisions

But why WAS he in the match though?

Seriously, does he still do that? I'm kinda just skipping through lately, never really watching the whole show, and I'm missing out on him almost entirely. What happened to him and Shelton? They were so great together, sad that New Day and Usos stole all the spotlight and they never really got that over with the crowd. Gable is really talented, and is really great at character work and such.
I was actually really into KO&Sami and the Miz and Miztourage. We have literally seen nothing, but them hugging in the ring, and Miz making it clear they are taking this bitch over hyped me up so much. I always love these things, when people with little relation come together and just state to be there to take over, and do it! Like when the nWo formed.
How can she sign them though? Coach, they do not have WWE contracts, how can you sign people who don't have WWE contracts? Can it be?
You're saying that like that, but it really is. He got Rhyno literally by asking everyone to team with him, and Rhyno was just like "ok", and Heath was like "ok". I don't even remember Slator Gator's formation, but I believe it was similar. The Corre was basically just Wade Barret telling former Nexus members "hey, I don't like what they did to us, wanna get together and give it to 'em?", and Heath joined. Also, that's exactly how Nexus was formed as well!
CM Punk returns, wearing a NEXUS shirt, saying he's there to get back with Heath
Well, that was obvious once the match happened, and he won it. But I'm super happy. And dear god do I hope they change his tron and theme. It's a cool theme, and the titantron is too, but come on... this guy is THE merch machine! Have him come out to no more words, go away from the WM 33 return look, and give him some cool ass merch. And just so I said it, bring firework back and give him that too!
> We won't get AJ Styles vs Seth Rollins sadly...

Yes we will, at a PPV! Probably not this year, but one day, somehow, they end up fighting one on one on PPV. AJ still being the face of Smackdown live, while Rollins remains mister Monday night. Kinda like Brock vs Randy, just less... stupid. Would be especially cool if AJ is still champion and RAW and SD somehow agree on RAW providing the contender. Like Survivor Series, RAW beats Smackdown, both agree that RAW can get one Superstar challenge for SD's WWE Championship, and they do some kind of match for it which Seth wins, and there it is.


Why so much complication? It's like KO vs Jericho last year.

Angle and Paige/Shane make a deal: They get Jinder, but SD gets IC Champion Seth Rollins. Angle says he plans a US Championship match during the shakeup, so they agree on Raw gets Jinder, and SD either gets IC Champion Seth, or the new US Champion.

Whether that was a part of the deal, so the match was well planned, is up to debate, but if not, then Angle and Paige probably talked after RAW/before SD and they agree on trading Jeff with the title instead of Rollins with the title.
> particularly when you consider no-one else has visa issues

You still don't get it, do you? Unfortunately, A visa is still very much case specific. Your literal twin could have visa issues while you don't, that's just how it is right now and how it will be for the next decade or so, because things aren't always working out perfectly. And as you see with Rusev being on the card, the supposed issue is solved. A "well, there is a small chance we won't get this fixed and he can't come in time" scenario isn't that far fetched.

I know, we don't know what actually happened, but you can't say that is unrealistic or unlikely. You either don't know how the world works in practice as opposed to theory, or you're just ignorant or stupid.
Exactly!!!! That’s why her knocking out someone in her 14 fights doesn’t mean she’s great at striking at all. Because with a bit of luck you can get through, and then it doesn’t matter if you’re good at boxing or not, because you don’t need a great technique to knock someone out. That’s how I can “argue she’s a pillow fighter”!
In judo.... she’s more than exceptional. She isn’t an exceptional striker, that’s what I said. That’s like saying Kalisto is a good promo because he can do backflips that not even the best talkers like The Rock could.... it just has nothing to do with it. Ronda’s striking isn’t exceptional!
I have no idea why I got downvoted and you didn’t, but I agree absolutely. That’s my point. Her strikes just are not that good... she might be amazing, she showed that multiple times, but this wasn’t one of those times
Holm was so disappointing after the Ronda fight. I still think she could beat her again, and I still am a huge fan as well, but man... she just was nothing noteworthy in the matches that followed Ronda/Holm, which was really sad to see
Depends on the fights rules, really. 

MMA? No chance. 

Boxing? Most likely Sonya. 
Well, yes. But she's an MMA fighter, not a boxer.
Is Sonya good at striking btw? I know her grappling isn't the best, and her entire MMA career wasn't either, but I'd love a WWE fight between these two, Sonya being a better striker, but Ronda being worlds better at the ground.
It's MMA. Knocking someone out doesn't make you a great strikers. Look at her fights, especially the Nunez one... She's not a pillow puncher, she's no puncher at all. She's great at submissions and has some sick judo throws (but I don't know that much about Judo, I can't tell how exceptional her Judo skills are), but her punches suck. No finesse, no hard hitting (maybe in wrestling "doesn't look beautiful but gets the job done" is a thing, but when it comes to striking a perfect execution is the only way to have a hard hit, it's not just using pure strength and that's enough), nothing.
Would probably have lost twice to Holm if she did a rematch lol
I'm not saying she's not, but what was amazing about that? That was 100% booking. Just about every MMA fighter could have done that, including Sonya DeVille. In fact, those were horrible strikes. Ronda was never good at striking, she got where she is with her judo and submission skills.
I have no idea what detrimental means, but here's my take:

I liked that they have the character something, we know now she is confident and she's very brave, a rare trait for a heel faction member. However, I think Ronda beat her too quick. For one, Ronda is a horrible boxer, it's stupid she destroyed her with punches alone, for the other, it either means Sonya is really bad and you can basically trash her, or it means Ronda is just three levels above everyone else, which is equally bad.

I know Ronda Rousey is better in the Octagon than Daria Berenato. But that doesn't mean she can fuck her up like that all the time. And that wasn't a fluke like beat down, that was the WWE typical "she got no chance" booking, in which Ronda basically laughed at Sonya's skills even.

I think it was really retarded... yes Ronda is a star and all, but that's not how you book a great division.
Soccer mom is a lot like Milf:

While the name implies it, you don't need to be a mother to be one. Also, having a kid that plays soccer doesn't make you a soccer mom automatically, it's just that most of these moms are what is defined as soccermom. Just like a 20 year old teen with a child might be a mother, and might be one you'd like to fuck, but she's not a "Milf".
In WWE, a casket is supposed to be airtight, and you very quickly suffer from having no oxygen anymore. The Ultimate Warrior was locked in that thing for like 5 minutes, and was almost dead when he came out. There's a Smackdown exclusive from Kane vs Daniel Bryan in a casket match from 2014 or 2015, in which they opened the casket backstage after the match, and Kane was fucking done.

So in Kayfabe, that casket is hell
Shinsuke Nakamura once had visa issue going to fucking Canada while employed by WWE. It's not ridiculous, and it's not even unlikely that the problem was a visa issue.
Why the question marks for Mike Kanellis? He was on Smackdown, he just wasn't on TV for the last couple of months.
This motherfucker right here just doing the post of the year. Holy shit
I think it's perfect as it is, and shouldn't be used less and isn't devaluing anything!

That's the same logic as "heels shouldn't be exciting, and work more holds" and such. Sure, it might make more sense, but in the end of the day I'm skipping Kevin Owens and Randy Orton matches for exactly that reason, and I have zero interest in them.
If there ever was a perfect proposal for WrestleMania, it was John/Nikki, so we thought. How the hell did that happen? Anyways, good luck to both of them
Why are so many people asking if TESS or Banghabandu will be the first test? As far as we know, this is completely new, they intended to never return a F9 second stage and just carry on with BFR, since F9 won't fly that long anymore. It sounds a lot like it's just a concept so far, nothing that we'll see in a month already (much less tomorrow).
Technically a part of the trunk, so nothing additional to the trunk. Also, Dragon 2 will fly soon, which doesn't have solar panel covers because the panels are not extendable
I believe the second stage is a bit more expensive than the fairing, somewhere around 8 million I believe
The more I think about it, the less I try to think about it. I'm kinda just at the phase where whenever Elon says something, I try to ignore it because I know it's impossible, and I also know he's gonna do it anyways.
Tights are imo the best gear, however, the more people wear it, the less special it gets, and they are already sort of vanilla, especially on the indies. So I hope he continues to wear trunks on TV, it fits him well
I agree 100%. I’m not American btw, not that it matters, but just in case it appeared like I am. 
How can he slap sir, I don't understand how can he slap me *cries while getting harassed by 10+ people*
Good option, but didn't she decide to leave WWE? Maybe she's interested, but IIRC she left to have more time for her father and her family in general.
Because she sucks at it?

She's a great on air-personality, but she's a horrible commentator
"Ok, we need at least one black guy, one former wrestler, one professional commentator, one company man, one controversial/shocking figure, one woman, one Hispanic, one member of *the gay community*, and maybe if you can fit it in one first ever, historic, 4 billion years in the making martian commentator on the WWE Network"

Seriously... whatever happened to real equality, aka "it doesn't matter what you are, it matters what your skills are". Having a black guy for the sake and PR of having a black guy is as racist as never allowing any black guy, as good as he might be.
Rusev Day is so fucking over....
I agree, but what can you do beside protesting and hoping they elect a better one next time?
r/me_irlgbt
No "you" didn't do shit. 3 Governments together attacked selected targets which probably hold chemical weapons.
You're probably right, I see my glass as "soon gonna be empty anyways" when it's filled to the edge, so maybe I'm just too pessimistic about everything. I hope so, would suck if I'm right
As great as it would be, there's a line between reality and Kayfabe. Everyone would know he didn't actually do that, but something as serious as this is best kept out of storylines.
Reading through the comments, I'm really confused... they look nothing alike to me. Look at them for real, separately once. They look as similar as Dash and Dawson, you just don't realize it because they only ever appear together and act exactly the same way (which is why people didn't know which one is which of the Revival for like the entirety of their NXT run).

Seriously... they look very different, they only have similar body types, because they are both big heavyweights
That guy isn't 16 is he?! Also, even if, Connor is in the HOF isn't he? And he's 4
To be fair, southern people (well, middle eastern from the US perspective) look a lot older than they are when they are young. A Syrian friend of mine pretty much looks like Rezar, about 25 or older you'd think. He's actually 20, and has looked like that since I knew him, when he was 18 (I know, neither of them are actually from that region, Rezar is Dutch and Akam is Canadian, but both have eastern roots)
Well, we don't know how big his cult actually is. He also isn't the main thing. Sister Abigail is. She sent him the "black sheep" Braun Strowman, who knows how many more she has/had. all these masked people in his entrances could have arguably been just followers as well, the reason 3 of them betrayed him is the same reason why they even were in WWE to begin with: They were special, better than all the others. Eventually, they broke free, which his other, weaker followers simply lacked to accomplish or even attempt.

Also, we really don't know a lot about it all. Maybe Sister Abigail is an entity controlling Bray Wyatt, maybe she lives INSIDE him, maybe he is just a follower of hers... hell, maybe she never even existed to begin with and he either thinks she did, or he made everything about her up. We don't know how powerful he really is/was, and what the whole deal is. For all we know, he could have also just been a delusional man, with nothing at all, who's just really creepy and good at turning the lights off and turning them back on when he's behind you.
I get so depressed when I see this and realize I'm gonna get my first car at like 22 at the earliest, and it's gonna be a VW Polo from 2005
Dann kommen wir auch schon zur Gliederung *gelangweiltes und auf-und-ab betontes vorlesen vom Inhaltsverzeichnis auf ner schwarz weissen Power Point Folie mit Spiegelpunkten*
Lol, norminal as fuck
IIRC they did it with WTC1 and 2 as well though. One was 2 meters taller, and the smaller on had a higher antenna, but one antenna was fixed and the other one wasn’t as fixed as the other one so it was a bit tricky to state which one is really higher, of the antenna counts, if it’s fixed enough, so if it counts on both or only the one and not the other because it isn’t a part of the building on the other... I don’t know, something like that
Kinda of a different story now, but I miss his longer hair. I really dug his Smackdown live look, the current one is so... lame. Like, he had it for like most of his career, the longer one was something new
He could and should have a five star match in his career. He's got a lot left in the tank, I really hope he eventually either ends up in NJPW at some point, or returns to WWE if they treat him differently this time
Wtf

That sums up everything about that event too
Shayna/Ember was like 3.75-4 for me too, really loved that shit.
Just keep them all 3 apart of each other. 
Lol wtf
That’s right. However, you are not “free” in that case, you still have to serve your time. Just that there are no additional charges for breaking out, since freedom is a basic human instinct.
Tfw Royal Rumble returns are nothing special anymore, so you want to become the first two time surprise return entry in one year.

Seriously, kinda funny how he's a surprise in two Royal Rumble matches. But I'm happy, this event is really WrestleMania 34.5
Yes, but NXT doesn't exist anymore (the NXT brand just has the same name, the NXT Bateman was in does not exist anymore). Also, EC3 is a new character. So depends... he did have a match in WWE before, but it was on a game show, not on a brand, and it was a different character, much like Dustin Rhodes and Goldust, or Sin Cara and Hunico are, for example.
I don't want to see yet another horsewomen feud. We have seen it so many times... I don't fucking want Charlotte to go to RAW, because there are no good possibilities there. The horsewomen feuds are overdone, Nia isn't a good match for Charlotte, Alexa can fuck right off, and Mickie isn't that interesting either.

Also, Charlotte beating Asuka was the right thing. Asuka's streak had to end eventually, and while it ended a bit too quickly, Charlotte was the perfect choice, and WM the perfect stage to do it. And no, Carmella cashing in didn't change anything. She cashed in on somebody who was beaten down by two people, Charlotte didn't even know about the title match literally until it happened, by which time she already was dead. That's the concept of MITB, and it doesn't mean Charlotte is weak. She and Asuka are still the top of the division
People need to stop complaining about WWE Events being too long. UFC events go on for even longer and fans watch it. Most of us here do nothing but watch wrestling all day. If the event goes 10 hours, then I watch it 10 hours, because I love wrestling! Nobody forces you to do that, you can just watch the main event if you don't give a fuck about the other stuff. You just can't have everything in a 2 hour show, that'd mean even more underutilized guys and gals, and we already have enough of unused potential.
That'd be stupid. Wyatt needs to find something. You can't eternally come back to the same old Wyatt character. He lost, then the Undertaker killed him, then Orton literally burned his house, AND Sister Abigail died again and completely burned out, then Matt deleted him... there's no reason to keep coming back to that character. Like Orton killing Abigail... It had literally no effect. That's so stupid in hindsight, but could have been the coolest thing ever, if they would have worked with it.
> and refusing to stop wearing a suit (Low Ki)

Sorry, what? What's that backstory?
That's the shit that happens when you say "for everyone" without exclusions
Do we know it's a fairing 2.0? Seems kind of odd
Can't they just RTLS with this? 
I have it. It's pretty cool
Everyone should think a second about her and Shayna. They are really living the fucking dream. They were huge wrestling fans, then they did some stuff, ended up doing MMA, and they were pretty good at it so they ended up in the UFC. Because they were so good, they got noticed, became known, and eventually got their way into wrestling. Now one is a champion in the hottest brand of WWE, the other is THE top attraction for WWE right now, and already had the MOTN at freaking WrestleMania.

Just think about that, how they must feel. They are really living the dream. I don't like Rousey, but she is a human, she's not a monster, so I'm still kinda happy about how great things turn out for her and Baszler right now.
Rousey beat a clean AJ/Shinsuke WWE Championship title match in her debut tag team match against Stephanie McMahon.

On paper, she's the 5 star machine of the century
Anyone know if those guys are hiring?
Well, remember the hype when Shinsuke won the Royal Rumble?

I still think those two will deliver a dream match this year, since they are feuding now, and I also think AJ vs Daniel will possibly be 5 stars, but I'm just saying... nothing is set in stone, pairings can always disappoint
Holy shit... we broke the damn code!
Same about the women's match for me. Maybe I'm just biased because I like Shayna, but for me, both the Tag and the women's match were 3.75 star matches. Especially when you compare it to Shinsuke/AJ, which got 3.75 (was way worse than that imo)
I'm a bit offset by the NXT Championship match, I have that 5 stars, and wasn't quite sure if Johnny's match was really 5 stars to me, but hey, that's opinions. I definitely can agree with that rating too tho. And who would have thought we'd see more 5 star matches at Takeover than at Wrestle Kingdom. Absolutely deserved though, that just might be the best Takeover ever.

Also, AJ/Shinsuke 3.75? I'd give it that just by hearing the names, because I know it has to be AT LEAST that, but if I'm trying to be really objective and just vote the match... it was barely 3.5 imo. I think we can agree it was the biggest disappointment of the year
My point was that nobody believes that rumor. I know it exists, but come on... it’s not true
I can't. I stop for a fraction of a second every time I switch from inhale to exhale, and vice versa.
I haven't even seen the last one on the apron, must have missed it at Takeover. KOR is a fucking gift. I hope they never tell him to stop it because he's a heel or something like that (I bet it won't happen in NXT, HHH himself did (and still does) stuff with similar humor, like his legendary 1 minute oversell, but who knows what will happen on the main roster)
Can't wait to see others sell this. I bet some will fall over her, so basically roll backwards, instead of away to the front. Ridiculously cool move
I feel like that will happen with more skilled opponents. Like Seth's curb, either the opponent is getting up, and she runs when the opponent is on her knees, so she connects just when the other puts the second foot on the floor, while still being bent over, or she just kicks them and runs the ropes, for a more active, and more surprising set up.
Also, wtf? For me it's the opposite ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Jk, but seriously... I don't find her unattractive at all
Looks awesome. Not the best wrestlers by any means, but I'm a big fan of her. She gives me that same "I can't believe she isn't for real, and is actually protecting her opponents and working a match instead of really hating and killing them" vibe AOP gave me in the beginning.
For real, if they don't fuck him up on the main roster like they did with pretty much every "different" gimmick so far, he's made for the history books. He's 22 and already sooo praised. 
So Shawn
Lol wtf, that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.

Charlotte is still just about the top female. She lost the title after she got beaten up by two people, and then had a cash in... Charlotte held the title for pretty long, it's not like she needs to hold it to be the best. It all made perfect sense. Asuka and Charlotte are about equal, Charlotte may be a little bit better. They are both way ahead of everyone else. Carmella cashed in MITB, of course Charlotte loses her title. Who the fuck says Charlotte gained nothing? That SD didn't damage her in any way whatsoever. She got beaten up because she was outnumbered, and by then she didn't even know she would have a title match.
There have also been rumors about Sullivan murdering Benoit and his family...
I love how every male wrestler ever is annoyed to death by them.
Every GM has that pressure. When they are put in, people expect change. They expect something. You have to do something, or else you end up like Mick Foley and people get behind the fact you're only there to promote your shitty Network show/movie.

Also, while obviously the Superstar Shakeup is even more pressure in the first week, she was a wrestler herself, and not a bad one. She was there before the split, she was in NXT with a lot of them, she knows them all. She knows how deep in she should keep Xavier Woods, she knows if Charlotte would be worth to trade or not, she knows if Seth Rollins would be a great addition or not, just to name a few examples. It is stressful, but that's her job. Also, I'm pretty sure that Shane, as the commissioner, does most of that work. Paige is more concerned with how and with whom she will use these Superstars, so of course she also wants to lay in a word on Shane if he's trading the right people, but ultimately this isn't her main role.

So overall, nothing too special.

Btw, non Kayfabe: Can we fucking stop pretending like Kayfabe is a big deal? Like every time there's a full out Kayfabe post, it gets gilded and half the comments are either "Cornette is smiling with a tear in his eye rn" or some other stupid bullshit. We get it, Kayfabe discussion isn't the most common topic on r/SC, but please stop overacting and pretending it's so special and so clever to just pretend we're in full Kayfabe mode.
Most people do a really lame looking low-blow. Shinsuke, being Shinsuke, of course does it way harder than anyone else, to the point where you even wonder if he understands wrestling is fake. Like damn, King of Strong Style for a reason
Out of all the situations to even work your backstage stuff for this was so... stupid. I mean, sure, people talk about it, but come on... Lesnar signing his contract at WM and the whole Lesnar/Reigns thing is the thing people care about the least. Sure, it was surprising, but it still didn't raise any eyebrows, simply because nobody was invested to care about it at all. It's either "Roman won, don't care", or "oh wtf, Brock won, still don't care tho".
Pretty easy, it's because he knows dirtsheets would find out about it. Lesnar and Vince having a big argument backstage right after Mania? Way to keep people talking about Lesnar and WWE. He knows better than "I like the main event, so everybody else will too, nobody gets bored!"
If by some miracle he does get cleared, I hope he still stats as commentators. Just in a Jerry Lawler way, having matches at times and fighting back. I hope he isn’t wrestling full time, he is a lot better as commentator
No we got it, but we chose to ignore it because we criticize affiliating this post with KenM at all, which is more important than “lol double negative = positive”
No, it’s not KenM-like, it doesn’t belong in any sub with KenM in the title
Jeff Who?
Around the sun, cause why the fuck not
This year is clearly trying to top 2016 as craziest year
Of course it doesn’t spoil it, but when you expect it that much, it doesn’t matter at all of you know it or if you just expect it, because either way, when it happens you’re left with that “so.... I knew that would happen... surprise ruined” feeling. It doesn’t spoil it, but it doesn’t need to for it to have the same effect as a spoiler
It’s all kayfabe. They love him and Gargano, that’s what I’m saying, hating him is a meme. Like, it’s great that he’s actually getting heat and nit the KO smark cheers, but people sometimes start Fuck ciampa parties just for the lolz, because they think they are funny. They just overdo it and try way too hard. 
Rusev is not going to happen. He was put into the US match only because he was so popular, not because they see anything in him. He sold a lot of merch, they put him in. He's eating the pin, still. Of course it's a dumb decision, but don't be surprised. If they actually decide to do something, that would be a surprise. WWE does not give the fans what they want, they do whatever they want. If they don't want Rusev to be a champion, he will not be a champion. They will produce more Rusev Day merch maybe, but they will not change his booking a lot.

Is it stupid? Yes, he could print money. But still, they do what THEY want, not what the fans want or what's the most logical. The lack of concurrence allows them to do that.
People started calling them renders, because it sounds professional and such, while it really isn't exactly an accurate word for it. People who knew that started complaining, it became a meme, SC does what it does best and overdoes memes and runs them into the ground.

DAE Fuck Ciampa bald Italian motherfucker?!
Wasn't this intentional? I thought this is intentional, exactly for that, Cedric trying to escape
I miss the gear. Not just this one, that design in general. The black/gold Rollins was sooo awesome. Everything was black/gold, his gear, his logo, his hair.. even his championship. Everything was a perfect match. I miss the old Rollins
Kayfabe: Vince has proven he does not like Roman. Roman has provoked Vince a lot of times. He pissed Brock of, he pissed Paul off, he pissed Vince off. Roman has never been a thread to Brock. Not at WM 31, not in brawls, not now. There are two options:

Either Vince wanted to have Brock beat up Roman again, because without a doubt, Roman was hurt physically, a lot, and mentally. He has enough reasons to want Roman to experience that again.

The other option is Brock requested it, for the same reasons: He wants to beat up Roman again. Maybe he has to defend the title at the greatest Royal Rumble by contract, and he chose Roman. Either way, not only does he have special privileges, as Vince said, Vince also has no reason to be against that request, since the first option actually is Vince wanted it.

So the reason is to have Brock beat up Roman, because everyone knows Roman can't beat Brock.

The others have to earn their rematch because the number two contenders proved to be either on equal level, or even beyond that. While the champion does deserve a rematch, this rule is rather there just so the champ doesn't have to start from 0 again after a fluke loss, because it is still meant that the best is champion, always. That's why if the number two contender is a lot better, but the former champion gets a rematch, the champion and the former champion could trade wins and loses, switching the titles back and forth, due to only small differences in performance, even though the number 2 contender could actually have beaten the former champion (and didn't at WM because the now-champion maybe had more luck or something), but can never get the place they deserve because they never get a title opportunity. This could mean the very best isn't even close to the title, while the second bests (who are tied) exchange the title back and fourth. So in short: It just makes sure the best is the champion. If you can beat the champion, you can beat the other contender too. If not, you don't deserve to have your rematch. Maybe you are better than the now-champion, but the other contender is even better than that, and therefor deserves a title shot more than you. Then he beats them, and then you and the current champion can fight for the number one contender spot, which in theory you should win if you are better than them.
wtf
It boggles my mind that Black is a cruiserweight. In normal matches he looks so tall, he has a similar presence to Drew McIntyre, as if he's really big. But as this pic, his weight, and everything else proves, he just isn't. He's not that tall, and not that heavy...
Well, I look at it like this too, but I bet some people wanted AJ vs DBry to have a proper ending, or at least go longer.

But yeah, for me it was the best ending too
They almost have a perfect order too.

Seth is first WWE champ, second US champ, and third IC champ out of the three.

Dean is first US, first IC, and third WWE.

Roman is second WWE, second IC, and third US.

If only Roman held the IC before Dean, they would have all had one first, one second, and one third.
Wait what? How much power do you need for this? It's possible on a phone, isn't it? Is the app commercially available, or will it be?
Almost never. Most times the one who cashes in doesn't let go of the briefcase, and is just screaming at the refs face a thousand times instead of letting him do his job.

Only this time he really was dumbfounded and did nothing, despite nobody holding him back.
God please no. Keep her away from the horsewomen. RAW is pretty much just Horsewomen, Nia, and Alexa. I don't want Charlotte to be on the same division as Alexa, Nia, as much as I love her, isn't a great opponent for Charlotte, and the Horsewomen are lame. We've seen that a thousand times, I'm still sick of it tbh. Shakeup is great, but keep Charlotte on SD please. And keep Alexa on RAW too.
We said the same about AJ vs Nakamura. It's pretty much best in the world vs "best in the world if AJ wouldn't exist" for a lot of people, and it was like... 3.5 stars maybe.
Well... arguably the best ending for the match imo
The difference to the streak is literally nobody gave a fuck. It was a surprise but... I mean one reaction is "Oh great, Roman won, don't care. Fuck this match, fuck this main event", the other is "Brock won?! Lol ok whatever, still don't care, just give the IC title more screentime please".

Like seriously... how many people actually gave a fuck?
I hate it. I mean, I knew it had to happen eventually, and this was arguably the best way to do it, but still... Not sure if I hate the Iconic Duo or Carmella more now. 
A lot of times it's actually the superstar who doesn't let go of the briefcase, and just basically does a tug of war with the ref while screaming "CASH IN CASH IN", the meme really isn't accurate.

But this time... holy shit... he was exactly like we pretend the refs are at every cash in.. what the fuck took him so long to understand?
-signed by *the artist*
Heel Shinsuke is already the best thing ever and he only sad two sentences. That with what he did later on.... really awesome. Finally he found his position, because "the legendary wrestler from xy/once the hottest free agent until we signed him" is the lamest gimmick. Looking forward to the AJ feud
Matt refers to himself as WOKEN and BROKEN, additionally he uses the terms broken brilliance and woken wisdom.

Also, looking at the meanings of the words, it's pretty obvious: He was broken, then he lost his condition, but he has been woken again. So yes, he is both, broken because he has been woken, and therefore is woken and broken. However, Bray Wyatt... not so sure.. we don't really know, but given the fact this is not a reoccurring condition for him, and the fact it's similar to the "broken" Hardys were, I'd say he is broken. Makes also sense, because Matt broke him when he deleted him, he didn't really "wake" him, he just released him from Sister Abigail with the deletion.
What are you saying? OP is mentioning people who he saw flying OUT of NOLA, which would mean they are not at RAW, and will not be at Smackdown, because they left the city.

For example, a lot of people expected Almas, but given that OP said Almas and Zelina flew OUT of NOLA (to Florida I guess) suggests they will not be called up.

Nobody here is questioning why they were there or anything like that wtf
There's no way he will be at MITB. Even if it's a part of the whole plan for him to piss of Punk, and it'd be the perfect time, event, and place, it won't happen. I mean... I could be wrong, he was at Great Balls of Fire after all but... I don't know, feels odd to have him appear at MITB.

And... well shit... this is why Roman lost, isn't it? Fuck this....
That must have been kinda awkward.

"Hey I'm the new one here... wait... I know that guy over there"

"Oh you mean Finn, the most popular guy here? He's always talking to us about how he wishes he could have competed at WrestleMania, I really wish hell upon whoever did this horrible thing to him... he's such a nice guy"
Especially who the fuck is he talking to? It sounds like he's selling a PPV to someone who's watching RAW right now, or a family member he's really only talking to because the family member likes wrestling. "Yeah, and just now Ember Moon debuted on Monday Night RAW as well, I'm telling you, this show is.......excuse me for a moment I'm gonna call you back", every damn time.
First ever woman's match in oppressive regions of the middle east, introduced by Stephanie McMahon, in 2065?
Lol, remember those vignettes and then he was... nothing?
I hope they are doing this consciously and it isn't just something we picked up that wasn't the case (like Erik Rowan's masks having different personas back in the Talking Smack days, which never evolved because it was just a fan theory), because that story is great. I'm really glad he sold the shit out of the Deadman once he actually was there, and it wasn't Cena being Cena
Well, Shayna holds a title belt on her shoulder, even if it's just developmental. Ember on the other hand literally just debuted and...

...is teaming up with the RAW champion, pinning the former champion in her debut
The Undertaker lightning is just a part of it. It's super fake and cheesy but it's like his whole persona basically, it's a part of it and we should keep it.
I only saw Miz's and Asuka's, apparently I missed New Day's, and I gotta say, it has a future. Maybe not right now, but it's not like LED panels were always as awesome as they are now. Asuka's was weird once the camera got SUPER close to the masks, and the lines looked like they are a mistake and are some sort of 3d rendering to analyze the room (like a mapping process), but apparently those were planned too. So give it a bit to get better, and WWE to get more comfortable with it, and it will be awesome.
When Seth hit HHH and he smashed into his wife falling into a table, THAT was a fucking comeuppance. That's arguably even bigger than this, because it is the ultimate humiliation, getting what they deserve. People really bitch about Steph way too much.

Also, things like this wouldn't get half the reaction if Steph wouldn't be the bitch she is. If everyone has a big comeuppance all the time, it wouldn't be worth anything. Like beating Cena was for a short time... it just wasn't what it used to be, same would be happening if Steph would get her ass handed every other week.
Steph has been really great in this feud too. Not taking anything away from Ronda, but Steph is being the most hate-able bitch and also selling Ronda REALLY well. Like damn, I don't think I've ever seen a woman on WWE TV cry like that in pain
Because Miz is good, but he's not good at wrestling. Seth has said he has some kind of respect for Miz already, you can't hold a championship that long without being good at anything. But ultimately, Rollins is better at all that, talking, cheating, wrestling, defending a championship....

The "not lacing up his boots" part is actually for a large portion BECAUSE Miz can't wrestle for shit in comparison to Rollins. He has a talk show, he has WWE officials behind him, he is walking around in custom made suits as almost the longest reigning IC champion in total... but Seth can wrestle, and he can wrestle pretty damn good. While Miz is mediocre. That's why Seth says Miz is good overall, but he's not as good as Seth Rollins, because wrestling is above all else and it's Miz worst selling point. Also, the burn was a burn, it doesn't have to be 100% accurate. People would say that to Ric Flair if they beat him too, it's a burn, not a (self proclaimed) fact, like the "not being as good as me" part, you know what I mean?
Well...... I mean.. at least we had mania
They have titles not held by Austin Aries?!
I only just realized they essentially did the Brother Nero angle with Wyatt, just that Wyatt was a heel. Matt feuding with him because both think the other one is being crazy, Matt deleting him, and then the obsolete mule joining him to make a new, exciting story out of what was a kinda dull "same old shit" character in the last years.

I'm really a big fan of the whole angle^^notjusthisbrokenfreakingneck
He was really overwhelmed there. It was still pretty much in character, but he definitely wasn't just plating that part. And rightfully so, that must really be something else to hear all these people chant your phrase so god damn loud.
Probably both. He’s sort of disappointed/upset, but he knew better than thinking this won’t happen. That’s why he’s standing there, and not waving around confused with his arms or screaming after them. He definitely knew it would happen I guess
Most likely
Depends... If Shinsuke is forming his own faction, then AJ would join the Balor Club. If not, probably not, since AJ is the face.
Ok we get it, it's unfortunate, and it's because Paul doesn't want to travel.

But can we for once talk about the send off itself? I thought it was really awesome. Like out of some drama movie or something. No words said, no attack. Just a simple gesture, that's how quick you can be left behind.
Well he was at Takeover anyways, and I bet being there he liked to be at WrestleMania as well, so he only had to stay in the city one more day, no big deal.
Hasn't he said he only wants to work with Brock now?
I'm very hopeful this is because they are forming a faction with Roman. There is this awesome theme mashup on youtube, with a great titantron, I bet a lot of people here have seen it, and it is such an awesome idea for a fantasy faction. And in the last couple of weeks... it actually wasn't that unrealistic this will happen. Also Roman can't beat Brock alone, Roman is still lame as face, AOP would just be another tag team right now... I somehow have a strong feeling it will happen. Would definitely be awesome.

I also liked how they sent him off. No attack or big promo or anything like that. Just holding him back, looking at him, and everybody knew what's up. Like out of a movie
Yep, they made shit more expensive, and made more shit to buy. You have sooo much more to buy nowadays, not just cars, and it get's more expensive every year. The shark cards never change though.
I don't like equaling the US and IC title, because they just aren't. The IC is a title with a lot or prestige and also the secondary title, while the US is just a piece of shit and is also the tertiary title.
Rusev was only put in because of the sales of Rusev Day, he was the least likely to win out of the 4, we knew that.

The Main Event shouldn't have happened period. No matter who won, it's bullshit. Carmella cash in or just cancel the match... But oh well, they just don't learn, not even a month after WM and we get it at the biggest royal rumble ever again
Overall, seems about right
Looking at the first 2-3 hours of WrestleMania, absolutely.
Why is this a surprise to some? I though she already was pretty much retired, we already knew she won't ever be able to wrestle again.

I really hope she stays with the company in some form, or does something with public entertainment. Whatever she does, I hope she finds something she's happy with. Having your dream come true and then taken away like that is just cruel
> "Why do you wear the sweatband, Bobby?"  
"Sweat."

Lol
29, MY THEME SONG, IT'S THE FOOTBALL
"See, I told you they are not gonna be happy when Roman loses god damn it"
They've been mentioning TNA a lot recently, just not by name. Wasn't there also a pic of Styles with the TNA championship in the WM match hype videos? Anyways, TNA is dead. New owner, new company essentially... they don't even name drop TNA themselves anymore... they're dead.
Asuka still has star power. Charlotte beat her once, that doesn’t mean shit. But yes, they elevated each other to another level, the others are a lot weaker in comparison. They need women in general, look at NXT. They don’t build the ones they have, and they don’t sign those who are already stars. 
I can already hear her voice say it...
I really hope the Information on Tonight's Jobber joke (the actual joke, not this one right here which is making fun of that joke) won't ever be done again. It was funny the first time, from then on it was bigger joke stealing than Amy Schumer.
Oh, well that makes sense. That's pretty cool too, he can travel with his dad, has someone backstage and all. Maybe this will even go longer than just next RAW, we'll see
That's really just sad. Ronda makes money, I get it. Ronda just had arguably the match of the night, WWE and pretty much everyone now thinks highly of her. But Alicia gets thrown out of WM for an argument with Ronda's boyfriend? I don't know exactly what happened, but as far as I know, just and argument in which she called him "rude". Not only is Travis a huge dick, and rude would be an understatement, Alicia is one of the nicest people in the world, she wouldn't do that just for the sake of pissing someone off. But of course, she isn't the start in the scripted show where she has no power, so she gets treated like shit.
Is he the son of one of the refs?
He's gonna be the next overdone, unfunny, stupid meme isn't he? God damn it...
There are many reasons for Vince to be upset, but according to this, Brock was the one who went off on Vince.

Brock didn't pose at the end, it might eventually be possible the blood spot was only planned by Brock and Reigns and not the WWE, which sort of makes sense because the spot was very unfitting in that situation and not the kinda thing WWE would do...
When WWE is doing the most ambitious crossover in history at all cost
To be honest, I still feel like it’s the greatest modern WM ever. I skipped the SD tag match though. Biggest surprise was the intergender match, biggest letdown was AJ vs Shinsuke
There are some really odd super-nice popstars. Nicki Minaj is a lot more wholesome than people think too. 
Okay cool. Who gives a shit though?
Crimson mask isn't making it any better
Why the fake violin players? It looks so obvious that they have no idea how to play the song, both times they did it. It just looks stupid to be honest. The other stuff was cool though
Well... hopefully it will still be one of the most impactful and unforgettable *moments*. CHAOS 2 coming up
She was doing the Roman Reigns talking expression without talking yet thing too
Probably a make a wish kid or something similar to that.
The match was really disappointing. Like, we all expected a 5 star match, this was... barely 4. Not even that. HOWEVER, a Shinsuke heel turn is fucking awesome.

Still, the match... I mean it wasn't a bad match, but based on what I expected... it sucked tbh
God damn it he worked me there with the kip up spot
I’m glad Kevin attacked his stomach, that means it’s a work
This was EXACTLY how they should have handled that (given they wanted the Undertaker, so swerves without him not included).

Everything was great. God damn do I love the Undertaker. I seriously never marked out so much in my life. The entire time he was on the screen... fucking awesome.
Lol I didn't even realize that. He just shaved off his hair during the show lmao.
That little kid is the most entertaining little shit in the world. Seriously, that kid got it.

This might be ridiculous, but any chance we could see him in some role in the WWE one day? I know he has a heart transplant, he probably won't be doing bumps or anything, but I'd love to see someone with that attitude as a GM or something. He's born for the entertainment business.
Well not taking anything away from her. But just saying, that move was mostly Triple H. It's mostly landing and knowing where you are, it's not a huge technical difficulty. It's not a move everyone can do, but for someone as light as Ronda doing it on Trips, HHH is doing most of the work there.

Again, not taking anything away from her, just saying that move wasn't the most impressive thing she has done tonight.
People change man..
you know he had to do it to em
greatest wm moment in history
Elias just became a LEGEND
WHO TURNED ON THE NUCLEAR OVEN
He and the ref from Takeover's tag match can just sit on the couch and watch the show next time lol
Holy shit. I just did a complete 180 on Ronda. She's fucking great. Like, I didn't know if she's any good of course, but I just never liked her, and so far she has been only smiling too, I felt like she's gonna be lame. But damn...

I loved the intergender violence. It was so much better like this, and not being pussys and women only bitch slapping men. It wasn't disrespectful to either gender in any way, they were truly fighting on equal levels. This is how wrestling should deal with intergender.

Angle's best match so far probably (since his return). He isn't as good as he used to, obviously, but it's not sad watching him, he still got some left in the tank.

Also Steph... she wore a super hot leather outfit, but I was completely focused on the wrestling and the story. That's the sign it was a great fucking match. She was really way better than expected.

Overall, this was probably the biggest shocker of a match. Not really shocking moments or anything, and there already were more shocking moments so far, but in terms of match quality this one definitely blew everyone's expectations.
Yeah, I wish we’d see tag teams more individually too. Especially tag teams in single competition. You don’t need to split the tag team for one to go after a singles title or a singles feud
Damn, that was shocking. But honestly, these are the two very best female wrestlers in the world, if we forget Toni Storm for a moment. They are also one of the strongest in Kayfabe. It didn't matter who wins all that much. Like, it mattered, but both would have been perfectly fine. But it was definitely a shocker for me, regardless. Great match, great overall everything.

Also, Asuka wouldn't retire undefeated, if there's anyone who should have broken the streak it's Charlotte.
Nope. He's with Cathy Kelley actually. He just started this twitter thing with "Finn Balor for ever", and with some LGBT news surrounding the world, and WWE also, he said that Finn Balor is not only for ever, but for everyone, with inclusion of the LGBT community.

I believe it was after some mayor event that happened, a shooting or maybe something positive regarding the LGBT community.. I don't remember exactly. WWE liked the message, because they also want to include LGBT stuff now (mainly for PR), so they started producing merch and all as well.

But yeah, it was mainly just Finn being a cool dude on twitter that started it, he himself is not gay or bi, as far as we know.
"Okay, that's enough women's revolution now"
I love how Seth's special gears are always just some super cool, dope looking shit. He's not wearing some heritage or gimmick thing, he just wears cool as outfits. Power Ranger, Neon rider, this winter thing...
“Undertaker’s here”

“Bullshit”

“No, he is here, I swear!”

“.....SHIIIIIIIT”

Just in case you missed what they said lmao
WHAT... damn, Charlotte is GUDT
Yes no demon. Why would there be? He’s Finn Balor, not a dude who dresses as a demon at big matches. The demon is his special thing, not just a big match attire. He needs to have a character other than “guy who’s the demon sometimes”.
His entrance was the same as always, but with the NOLA LGBT community with him on stage, wearing Balor fOr eVERyone shirts. People are somewhat pissed he isn’t the demon for literally no reason other than “it’s wrestlemania”
Lol, people aating it should be the demon are dumb. Demon is his last hope. He was confident af in the build up. If he had the demon tonight, the normal Finn Balor would have truly only been “that guy who is awesome when he’s the demon”
fOr eVERyone
damn, using AR technology. Looks awesome, a lot better than captions lmao
Yep, we are. But oh well, it’s been done since WM is a thing, whatever...
They sing pretty well though.
It os Sunday my dudes
They teased it at Rumble, and now it happened. Awesome
FUCK YES
What
matt’s winning huh
Lol, “who are you?”
I'm going to be up 'til 5pm because it's Monday and it ends at 5am for me.... fuck me, fuck german timezones, fuck school
Damn that... that sounds affordable. I'm not sure if it just seems like it from the pic, but that looks like an awesome seat
Fish's injury was a sort of good thing for KOR actually. Now he isn't "one half of the UE tag team" anymore for a lot of people, but we have actually seen him as he is, what makes HIM special. A lot of tag teams, like the Revival, never really got that and both are sort of "the other half of the Revival". Of course Revival still is one of the greatest tag teams, but there isn't really a lot to do with them alone, we don't really know them individually, but luckily, at least for me, we now see KOR and Fish aren't just another great tag team.
Also halt so zum in der Stadt rumlaufen, ohne einpacken
For some reason, live entrances always seem so... weak. I'm 99% sure it's the mixing, but most times it just seems more like someone in the parking lot from a concert doing the entrance while the band plays in the background, rather than the band really playing just for you right there. But it's probably just the mixing, and the fact that wrestling themes are very different from usual music, especially the kind of music you perform live.
That's not really fair, he won all his singles matches
Why are so many confused about her gimmick? It's like Asuka... she just does weird mannerisms because she's into that shit. She's not a fucking werewolf or anything like that.
I feared they were going to kick out Fish because of this. Really glad he came out as soon as possible to show me that's not happening.
Damn, already so big on NXT. They're gonna really fuck us in the ass dry when they put him in the 205 live tag division.
I'd say no. It depends on when he joined. He turned on Dunne mid-match, however, until then it wasn't clear if he is joining the UE or just turning on Dunne. Then the next question would be the definition of joining the faction. Did he join the faction once HE decided to and made the first step, or was it official once he made it clear what he's doing by taking the armband and the faction welcoming him by not stopping him and celebrating with him? The former means he won the Dusty Cup, the latter would mean he joined a faction which has won the Dusty Cup in the past.

Also, the next question is if the freebird rule even applies to the Dusty Cup, is Bobby Fish also a tag team classic winner? Probably yes though.

So it all depends on the definition on joining the faction, since he didn't make it quite clear he was joining UE and not just turning on Dunne and handing the opponents the win (like we've seen a million times) until after the match, at which point the dusty cup was already won.
Yeah, but be real hard to not hit someone at body height when the move is coming sideways to the face and the face only... come on man
Do you know what singles match means?
AND WE WILL NEVER BE E-QUAL
That was sooo awesome. I mean, it's scripted and all, but the last time I really had that "holy shit is that a dominant motherfucker" feel was with Charlotte at COC against Bayley and, I think, Sasha, where she dominated them and Dana didn't even need to interfere, despite it being NO DQ and she just could have made it a 2 on 1 on 1. That's a rare feeling in wrestling, when it really takes you so deep into that world.
TomASSo
And also only the second person to have held two different titles in NXT, no? The other being Neville, who is a two time tag team champion and a former NXT Champion.
Maybe he didn’t feel like a better person, but the thing is he was. Johnny Wrestling is a good person, Ciampa was not.  That’s why Johnny couldn’t quite do it. As you said, he never asked for this. He doesn’t want to end Ciampa, but after what he has done to him, he had to.
Yeah, that works too. I mean.. Candice proved Intergender WRESTLING can be serious and good, Kenny fought an 8 year old girl, yet in WWE there’s absolutely nothing a man can do but just take it and be like “I’m a man, I can take a bitch slap”
#*WHAT A METAPHORICAL MEANING!!*

Just kidding, love the commentators
Hell, 2 in 1 hour even, Black vs Almas was reeeaally fucking good
This ain’t a fucking anti meme. This is bonehurting juice.
Big Falcon X 100 Rocket
Thank you for standing up for yourself. School really shouldn’t tell you how to look, at least not in harmless things like hairstyle. I have long hair too, and get so annoyed when people ask when I’m getting a “normal” haircut and shit like that. 
Some thoughts:

Ladder match: 4.75 stars! What a great fucking match. We have huge stars like Ricochet, EC3 and so on, but they aren't "the next in line" for the NXT championship, like it used to be once the vets like Finn, Kevin and so on left, but they actually have something else to do. And they are all amazing. Like seriously, I want to say one of them impressed me especially, but they all did. If it's going after me, they should all be future world champs (although Dain and especially Sullivan need more establishment and character work)

Women's match: I really, really like Shayna Baszler. I know, most people don't, but I fucking love the gimmick, and she pulls if off very well. Like, I legit have trouble imagining she's working safely, trying her best to protect her opponents, and that she's a nice person. Sort of like I felt about AOP the first couple of months (although I'm still not convinced they are just wrecking motherfuckers up without mercy, those guys are metal)

Tag match: Damn Roddy... On a side note, I really wish we had more heel/face friendships. I always love to see unlikely partnerships, like Roddy and AOP or Roddy and Dunne. It's so great seeing how there are faces and heels and some get along really well, without all that "you've been kinda mean lately" and a quick feud shortly afterwards. That being said, Roddy joining UE is perfect, his face persona is kinda lame. He's also one of few people who joins a faction not because it benefits him, but because he really wants to. He could have been a champion, he basically held the title in his hand, but instead he went on to hand it to them and align himself with them, because he truly believes in THEM. He proved he doesn't need to, he proved he could stand on his own as a face, against the Undisputed Era.

NXT title match: 5 Stars! I went in with a "this match is gonna be boring, the NXT title has been sort of.. the least exciting part of Takeover" attitude, but as it went on I loved it more and more, and I was fucking hooked at the end. Damn. Also, my boy Aleister is champion now, fuck yeah.

Main Event: Somewhere between 4.75 and 5 stars. I honestly am not that sure it was a 5 star match to be honest. It was an above 5 star storytelling match, and like a 3.75 star in ring match, but obviously this was all about the story. Maybe it's because I was really burned out by then, I even forgot there's still a match to come after the NXT match tbh, but it just... isn't quite the best WWE match of all time like some people say. I'm really not sure on my rating yet, I understand both.

Overall, definitely the best Takeover of all time. Suck it R Evolution, this was the shit. WrestleMania is gonna be cool, but if it would be in the same Arena, with the same atmosphere, it would be nothing compared to Takeover (the WrestleMania feel is often a huge part of what makes WM so special, the set, the big ass Arena, fireworks for everyone... all that).
For real though, I wish they'd let a man get revenge on a woman from time to time. When a woman can slap, and seriously attack a man all the time on WWE TV, but a man can never hit her back, and if he does touch her, he carries her out of the ring or something like that, that's not equal at all. That's kinda the guy saying "we all know I'm a lot stronger and better than you, I'm gonna gently set you down because it's unfair for you". I'm not saying we need intergender matches and they need to completely be on the same level, obviously a lot of the women are a lot lighter than most of the men, but come on... you don't need to treat them like a little kid who's punching you either, take them a bit more serious.

But well, in NXT it's a lot better than on the main roster. At least in NXT they also get real offense in, and they get to do spots, like Nikki Cross's table spot in that tag match (and there's way less catching someone and gently setting them down as well).
Exactly. That wasn't illogical at all. In fact, if he'd just gone merciless on him, and what point would he not be any better than Ciampa anymore? Sure, Ciampa started it, but when a war lasts long enough, and is brutal enough, it doesn't matter who started it, no side is better than the other. This is what makes Gargano who he is.

And like you said, he was a brother to him. He was wrecked. This is basically the oldest concept of betrayals in the history of entertainment. He could have killed everyone you ever loved, somewhere deep in your heart you still have that place for him, and you still feel with him. It's the same with Thor and Loki, Optimus Prime vs Megatron,... It's always sort of like that. And the heel is always betraying/cheap shotting him again.
He grabbed the middle rope, and he lowered himself shortly before. Not only to shorten the distance, but also so his fall is slightly turned into a roll. Nothing hurts more than falling flat on your back, because there's nothing to absorb the shock. He slightly rolled on the impact there. Additionally to that, he has built up about 204lbs of muscle on his back to protect him.

Finally, what makes you think it was taken safely? It wasn't. To quote John Cena about taking bumps: "That shit hurts!"
Wow, I felt like that was honestly close to a 5 star match. And I went in the match with a "oh, here comes the NXT Championship match that I care way less about than any other match on the card I guess" (which might be because they're always at the end when I'm powered out, especially a 5am in the morning in Germany), but then it went on and on, and somewhere like 2/3 in I though it just kept getting better, and I thought this could seriously be a 5 star match. I'm not sure if I'd give it 5 stars honestly, I have to sleep a night over it, but right now it gets 4.99 stars from me. Gonna have to see what I think tomorrow
Mauro turning into JR more and more
I liked that too, and especially the idea, but I feel like... I don't know.. don't get me wrong, but I feel like the boos during his entrance weren't THAT loud. Like, when you do that, you want to say they absolutely fucking killed him with boos during that entrance, but they were sorta just... the usual over the top boos that Ciampa gets. Maybe it was because there weren't that many people, I have no idea what the attendance was, but something like Roman's promo last year after mania felt so much louder.

But still, awesome idea, and they weren't exactly quiet so still pretty cool.
I really want to say something like "man, Velveteen stole the show, he has such a bright future", or "man, I really fucking get why they hyped Ricochet so much, he was THE man", but the thing is that they all were so fucking good tonight. Like, nobody stole the show because everyone was better than the other, and the others then topped these others... it's unreal. All 6 of them have shown why NXT is THE place to be. 
*Please don't die chants*

Unfortunately for them, they are heels an don't listen to the fans
I legit was checking to see if his belly (or a ladder on top of him) was still moving once or twice there. He got fucking wrecked. Way to make an impression in NXT
I'm pretty sure Roddy will fill in for him tomorrow. That's still 3 matches, and the very first one being a grueling 6 man ladder match. Respect to that guy
Oh great, because another version name is totally what we needed... and I thought we were at version 1.2 still

(just kidding of course, the top comment summed everything up perfectly)
If you can approach with Dragon like that without fucking up, then that's not the issue. The reason why they berth to the ISS with the Canadarm instead of docking on their own is because docking requires a lot more precise maneuvers, and it's very difficult to do.

You won't crash in the damn station for fucks sake. The worst case is not being able to dock, and you don't want to have a dragon right there, but without having access to it. The risk factors are not that different, it's the difficulty that matters. In order to berth you need to approach the ISS at a slow speed and in the right position as well, it's not like with docking you'd risk running in the station at 1000kmh speed difference.
Oh did she? I bet you were there, best seats in the house, observing how she left at early as she could and telling all the inductees at the airport, 5am in the morning, how much you respect them and how you'd never leave the show, didn't you?
He isn't bragging, he's just saying he knows a thing or two about what alcohol does to you.
I doubt Undertaker would return on THAT. This is either HHH or just nothing noteworthy. HHH seems likely, but he did have it last year already so dunno..

I mean, 14 years, the man himself retired last year too.. kinda.., and on his comeback he comes out on a shitty cruiser? It is at the very least going to be some basic chopper, more likely a highly customized special chopper. No way 'Taker returns the ABA on a cruiser
Oh is it Neville? Hold on, was that really Punk's theme at Henry's induction, can it be? Is Mysterio coming back for real??

BOBBY LASHLEY, THAT SON OF A BITCH

For real, kinda... meh. I hope he isn't Braun's partner, I kinda hyped myself up for that and Lashley would be really mild
THAT SONUVABITCH
I'm not really sure if you're fucking with me at this point or if you're stupid, so I'm just gonna stop responding to you right here.
"Yeah dude but you have literally been at every single other show and witnessed everything else too, that's not really fair"

"Shut up Dean, I was THERE when it happened ok!"
He's also never trying to get attention. He's mostly just enjoying the show, clapping or booing sometimes, but he isn't going over the top like Brock Lesnar guy and these other douches. I'm always really happy to see him
This is just wrong
There actually aren't that many options. There are a lot, but not hundreds. For one, it should have a big Arena right next to it, for the HOF and NXT Takeovers and the following RAW and SD. It doesn't have to be, but it's preferred to be in close range. Then, it needs to host like at least 60 thousand people nowadays, the bigger, the better. If it's an open stadium, they need to make sure the weather will be good at that time, and that's hard to do when you're doing it a year before, so basically the entire north falls out already. You also want the stadium to be close to the attractions of the city, for promotion and what not. For example, WM 29 as well as WM 35 are in New Jersey, but are presented as either "New York", "greater New York area", or "New York-New Jersey area", because they don't want to say "WrestleMania in New Jersey". With NJ it's kinda ok, because it is close to NY and NY is a special attraction city, so you can kinda get away with doing it in NJ and just say it's from the greater NY area.

Then of course, you're doing the City a favor, the city needs to work along with you. If they don't want you, you don't want them. It's a bid system, so you're somewhat limited in that way too when you do business in the same way WWE does it.
I get why the set is so expensive, huge LED boards and what not, but why is each single set so expensive? I mean, you don't have to buy a new set each time and then throw it in the trash, right? A lot of it is just small LED panels arranged in a patter, that could be reused couldn't it? The only things they have to buy new each time is the metal frame of the WrestleMania logo, which probably doesn't cost as much as a house.

This is one of the things I never got. Same with why they stopped custom PPV sets... I mean, is it that hard to rearrange the things they have every time? Sure, the people who do it still cost money, but it can't be THAT expensive to have a different set when you already have that many parts.
I've never seen any resemblance in buildings any ways. With open stadiums you can sometimes see it, but other than that, the actual building has never mattered to me, because WWE is really good with sets. Every week looks the same, despite being in a different arena each time. Same with WrestleMania. A stadium/arena is pretty much just a round bowl with seats anyways, there are few things that make it really special when empty, and they build this huge, custom LED set into a mainly empty building. The only thing that makes it really different is the roof, but on TV, you almost never see the roof from the inside, so the venues never really look like "oh, that's the Superdome, I can see it at first sight".

Maybe that's just me, and everyone else can recognize the differences instantly
This is the WWE UK King of the Ring we've seen on the network coming up video, right? Or will they actually have 2 UK tournaments in one year? Either way, I really, really, really hope this is in August, I just might be able to fly there from Germany then (might still be able to if it's on a weekend, but would be better during holiday)
I love how Okada is always coming to other promotions all the time. He even was backstage at the SD after WM 2017 IIRC. Now he's just going to access like every fan would. He's probably one of the most trusted active guys. Maybe, one day we will see him do a one off in WWE, if NJPW and WWE will in some way work together again (I doubt it though).
No, not right. They were taking the piss out of Kyrie Irving, that’s all. And everybody apart from
you knew this.
Can someone explain what the fuck is going on? What's up with the posts about her? Is she leaving? Why?
I really like that they are using the ring tron more often now. WM 26's was fucking awesome, how it came down behind the wrestler during the entrance.
Well they paid for this shit, they want to be there. The wrestlers themselves are more there as a matter of respect, because they sort of have to, and because it is pretty cool. But in the end, they have a very busy weekend, and it's like going with your family to another family. It's a matter of respect and all, but a lot of times you just leave earlier if you can. The fans are the parents, they want to come there, they made the call. And they also don't have such a busy schedule. They can have it, but they don't need to be at every Axxess thing, they are more flexible in that matter.
Just cut the Warrior award all together. It's cancer. Not just the recipients, the award is for one for something Warrior never gave a fuck about, he wanted this to be for the backstage people you don't get to see, like the dude passing Stone Cold's beer. Secondly, Warrior was an asshole, why out of all people does he get the award named after him? Then there's Dana, who has a bigger ego than Batista has a dick, and she's so full of bullshit. It's like a robot set on "dramatic" or something. Then, finally, while it's great to do this for people who have been through so much, who decides which kid gets the award? There are thousands of them, WWE just picks one so they can say they care about it and get good PR. Something like Make a Wish is really great, but come on... The warrior award is 90% bullshit. I'd rather have Hillbilly Jim inducted again than this shit
And he was the one who said he'll make it short. I actually expected him to just take like 5 minutes, he said it as in "I'm just gonna say something real quick, don't worry, I'm about to leave".

Not sure if it's just me but he's kinda weird to listen to
You're right, but the explanation is... what?! Why would that change anything? The ruthless aggression era had just as many legends as the Attitude Era and vise versa. It may not appear like it, because you grew up watching one and hearing legendary stories about the other, but someone like John Morrison is DEFINITELY going into the HOF. You think Hillbilly Jim was in any way special? Sure, he wasn't an idiot, but he was one of many. There were countless entertaining people. A HOF career isn't anything special anymore, that stopped a long time ago. Koko B Ware is in it too.
Exactly. They don't give a fuck about anything except money, and sorta also their public image (which is also only because the better the image, the more money you can make).
Exactly. God damn it it's music... it doesn't always have to be the realest shit. Especially rap can be real as fuck, but can also be the most ridiculous made up gimmick bullshit. It's called art.

I don't like Kid Rock either but come on... in a wrestling sub people should at least somewhat understand what a persona is.
That's what OP is talking about. And it was a fucking joke. They were referencing Kyrie Irving. God damn it so much about "I never get worked" ffs
I'm not sure if you're serious, but he definitely wasn't. That was just a random mock, and also a reference to Kyrie Irving. That was just AJ and DB having fun, AJ isn't a flat earther.

From what I've seen about AJ's political views I definitely don't agree with that view, but I don't know that much about AJ. I know he's not an idiot and thinks the world is flat, and I know his views are sort of conservative. I wouldn't want to hear a debate about politics with him either, but it's not like he has a ridiculous world view. Just a bit conservative. He's from Georgia after all
Exactly the same. I was so ready to scroll down once he sat there the second time
Hogan himself wants to come back. WWE apparently do want him back too. It's just the whole heat that's still there. Sort of like NK and SK/the rest of the world, ultimately they all want reunion, but it's not always that easy.

There’s coffee in that nebula
No, it’s interstellar. Intergalactic would mean it is meant to travel between galaxies. It CAN do that, but a bicycle isn’t international means of transport either. You could travel to another country by bike, but it isn’t really advised. Its ideal range (when used as Transport only) is more like 20-40km, same with the quantum drive. It could absolutely travel to the next galaxy, but it takes 30 years. It’s an ideal ship for travel within the galaxy, taking one year to go through.
I like Kelly. I can get behind worshipping her tbh
Well ya know honey, down in Kentucky short means..... oh yeah!

...short means something else.
Mark hitting on Steph might be my fav HOF moment
We've seen Punk and Batista together in a Twitter vid. There's the Theorie Batista is Braun's partner, and Batista was originally supposed to be at WM as Rhonda's partner, right?

That means, calculated and added together, we still got a 0% chance of winnin' at CM Punk making his return. The numbers don't lie
John... what are you doing?
So like the New Glenn paperrocket you mean? That's what you think interesting huh? Get the fuck out, we either flip our legs up or you can flip the hell outta here
NO has banned some moves, basically the little promotions can’t do shit. No shooting star, no 450, I think not even jumping from the top rope. Well, except for WWE that is, they are only limited by their own bans
The CSM had fuel cells, not sure about the LM but I believe it had some kind of process which generated water as a byproduct as well. It would be Oxygen I think, not the water
Well... you’d end up in a solar orbit, pretty close to the one of the Earth. Won’t actually take that long until Earth’s SOI picks you up again, and maybe, if you’re unlucky, your ship and corpse will burn up in the atmosphere or crash into the moon. Sorry, but you wouldn’t become Voyager 3
They record it for you, and you can download it "after the event", so they already do the high quality greenscreen thing for you. But just in case they don't give it to you, because of some "non PG rule" because you said ass or something, record it with the iPad. But if they do give the video to you, which I'm sure they will, regardless of the promo as long as you don't talk Benoit or something like that, upload it here please
What's so funny about it is Cena couldn't make it to WM, Cena is asking a well-deserved retired legend to come back because he knows that legend has the status to get a WM match when he wants, and then Cena is being the one questioning Undertaker's manhood and calling HIM a coward. He's asking an old man to help him out to get to WrestleMania, what a hypocrite.

I really hope the match doesn't happen and Cena just comes out and... nothing happens, but at this point, the fans would not only be pissed at Cena, but would probably legitimately be pissed at WWE and Undertaker, because they legitimately expect to see the match, so that's kinda not possible anymore
What are the golden lovers doing there? Is there an ROH show in NO as well?
I’m just glad he’s growing his hair out again
That’s one of the most common theories, why would anyone mark this as shitpost? This is just repeating what everyone knows
Same. Most underrated and underused since Alicia Fox
He did the same joke last year too
He didn’t stuff in the wall, we don’t have any evidence of that ;)
Literally woke up at 6pm today
In this case. I'm talking about how non-exciting a normal tag team match at wrestlemania is usually compared to title matches and single matches not for titles.
NOOOOOO!! There were so few people who never got weak and cut the hair like everyone else, Razor is one of 'em, HBK was one of the last too...
Lol yeah. I really hope SpaceX delivers with this, I’m sick of fucking Telekom
Lol dude... I'm from Germany as well and the entire town has 16k at max
It's just the screenshot, I actually wanted to take another because he was closing his eyes in this one, but it looked kinda funny.
No, no, no! He belongs in the main event of RAW.
The thing is even though he was booked strong, he was in the cruiserweight division, and they have been portrayed to be a joke compared to the heavyweights. As in, being a good cruiserweight means you're a below average on the main roster. And he had a good run, he was probably happy with that, but once Enzo came along, reportedly they had the Kalisto vs Enzo match originally be Neville's rematch, and not only was he supposed to lose again, but also did they tell him they had nothing for him afterwards. He is one of the best in the world, he should be a serious contender for a world championship, but instead not only do they make him lose to Enzo, they also say this is his greatest thing. It should have been the kickstarter to his main event time, but instead, this was the top of the mountain in their eyes. And he just didn't accept that, and in his position, he shouldn't have accepted that.

As soon as Aries left they didn't really have much story for him either, just doing the same thing over and over... he is a world champion material guy, instead he is being wasted in the CW division. If they don't want him to leave, they have to put him on the main roster, and not in the position Baron Corbin is in, more in the position Seth Rollins is in, because he is at his, if not above Seth's, level.
Not even claiming anymore to be the King Neville
I really hope this will not be like the WM32 stage, where it was essentially just the logo of the WM. 
And it's filled with 5 Million Hulkamaniacs going wild
Oh right, forgot about that. Well technically, going in as champion means more than going in as challenger for a higher title but the US is a tertiary title so... yeah, Orton dropped too, you’re right.
Oh well, almost... Thanks
The car itself costs nothing, you pay 904k for a great car. Most other cars are a more expensive base price, and then the custom thing costs another 200-400k. 
Well for one, because he was put in random tag team matches and the focus was never really on him. It was either Alexa Bliss, or all 4 tag team people were equally focused on, you never really got the chance to see him. There were moments where you could think "damn, that's a star", but they were easier to miss than when he actually gets some exposure.
Sure, but compared to the rest of the card, it's most times the least one you're excited for.
I doubt Brock will return to UFC. He had the chance to after WM 31 (I think it was WM 31), but didn't. Dana offered him like four times the original deal at the end even, but Brock didn't do it because he wanted to wrestle, it wasn't only about money. They got that deal that he gets one fight, because he wanted to end his MMA career properly, not the way he had to end it because of his illness, and he did a pretty good job at that, I think he was satisfied with it.

So I think he will stay with WWE. He could also retire for good, but I'm not sure he wants that yet
I'm not sure about that, but maybe Jericho as Roman and Ambrose's partner against the Wyatt's at (I believe) HIAC 2014?
I wish... I hoped he would return and win at the Rumble, finally getting the main eventer spot he should be in...
Goldberg beat Lesnar in just over a minute in his last singles match, Owens was a chickenshit heel at that point. The way it came out was just about the most protected way they could have done it.
Well, in that case all members are in high-profile matches.
~wishing the Pumpkins were Nia
You can switch Kevin Owens' to "Tag Team match agains Shane McMahon and the returning Daniel Bryan". A tag team match means nothing, a tag team title match is worth something, but fighting Shane AND being the return match for DB is a huge thing. The only one who dropped was Baron, everyone else is in a better position than last year
Yeah, sure... dude, it won't get heat at all. Some people will be cheering because it's a cash in, some people will be booing because she's a heel. This won't be anywhere close to something like the heist of the century
It's obvious, so you buy shark cards to enjoy the content. Players who like the game, but don't have time for it 24/7 have two options, either buy shark cards, or don't have the new stuff. In story you could test out the cars, because you have save games, so you could just go back to after the Big Score when you run out of money, or you could just mod, but in multiplayer money is a lot more valuable, and modding in multiplayer ain't cool, and it's not allowed either (and also harder than singleplayer).

I absolutely get why. I just don't get why they are THAT desperate to earn money. The majority of player just says screw it and either starts modding online, or stops playing the game entirely, buying shark cards only because of that bullshit they are pulling are probably the least of all.
Not sure which Episode it is, but it’s the one where she fucks the blue Alien again. Ed expects her to be at the bridge or something, Alara says scans say she’s in her quarters, Ed enters her quarter and walks up the stairs where there’s pretty much just a bed, in which Kelly is nailing the Alien again.

Really, not two stories at all, just that the bed room is elevated
Wait, I'm out of the loop, Alara is leaving?!
> Alara and Kelly don't look like they're straight off the pages of Playboy.

I kinda wish there was an alternate universe where they are, and I could switch all the time. I really don't want the show to be ruined by that, but at the same time, I wouldn't be against seeing them... can't have both unfortunately, so I guess we best stick to not having it
Well, we're accustomed to Star Trek, but Orville is different. Kelly has a second story as well, and hers is basically just the bed, I bet the captains is like that as well. It's not THAT much bigger than the others, it just has the bedroom above it, which still is just a bed (if it's the same quarters which Kelly has). In Star Trek the quarters were fairly small, but Orville is more futuristic, as you can see in the video from the top comment, and in that future we have more space than in the Trek universe. And no, a bigger ship doesn't mean bigger quarters, it just means more of them. The Orville is middle-class or something like that, it's not the tiniest of all. There are smaller ones which have fewer quarters, there are bigger ones with bigger quarters, and then there are probably ships just bigger than a shuttle, like overall as big as the Orville's shuttle bay at the most, these have probably tiny quarters. But in the class of the Orville, smaller and bigger ships just have fewer or more quarters, the size stays about the same I guess. 
Just like they won the Royal Rumble 2014 for him smh ^^/s
It’s based on the Model S. It’s made by Coil, which is GTA’s Tesla, and it is 100% electric. This is definitely a Tesla
What I'm much more pissed about is that you can't do shit in singleplayer. I guess it makes sense because of the story but still..
I play GTA:O since October first 2013, and I don't remember ever not being able to do it on your phone. It said "go to an ATM to deposit money" or something like that, and the next info said you could also do it on your phone via online banking
Wow, I can't imagine playing for 5 years without knowing this, it really saves your ass in races.

In GTA IV you could do that, which was the only control you had in mid air back then, so as soon as I saw in the first mission that you could control in the air now, I wondered if I could still control around the Y-Axis with the handbreak.
Dude, that's exactly my point. You don't lose a ship and its crew when you fly at controlled speeds. That's why 0.7 is too fast to be allowed. You make one wrong move, and you're either too deep in the atmosphere and burn up, crash into something, or are just generally in an uncontrolled flight.

This all wouldn't happen if you wouldn't be flying with .7c, hence it's the speed limit, not the skipping the atmosphere part (which is legal at certain speeds AFAIK)
Yep, that too. But that's still the speed limit which is the limitation, not the skipping atmosphere part (skipping the atmosphere is legal AFAIK
Billed weights? I have never seen an official statement regarding their weight anywhere. Neither on TV, nor on wwe.com, they always leave that out because they are tough, equal fighters but "you don't ask a lady about her weight" bullshit
And you’re absolutely right with that. Just in this case, there was more than reasonable evidence to believe it existed
Yeah, I know that now too. Holly isn’t even at Ronda’s level. It’s just.. I had this feeling she’s gonna be really good. But hey, at least she was the one who beat Ronda.

And Amanda Nunes seems to finally be a really good fighter again. Not that the others are bad but.. Tate for example really lost a lot
Oh, right. My bad
Still their own fault. Don’t make a fucking Moolah trophy. They had it coming, they knew how everyone hated Moolah. They decided to ignore the risk of everyone bitching about it, and they decided to not do shit until their sponsor started to complain as well, because that’s the only thing they care about. They couldn’t provide a good trophy, it was so bad (because of who it is), that they had to do it again, and it still sucks, this time it just looks bad. It’s not even a complex form or anything.. you can do a lot better than that in 2 weeks, and you can do a lot better than forcing yourself into having to make a new statue in two weeks. It’s just bad decisions all over
So why should Warp .5 then be 0.125c or half Impulse? You're saying half warp = half impulse.
Dude, point seven c? You know how fucking fast that is? It's definitely the speed limit thing above all else.
Dude, we HAD sufficient proof. That's the thing. We knew almost certainly they existed before we saw them alive. We have seen dead ones, we have seen marks on sharks, we have seen parts of it on shore or in shark's stomachs. Big Foot should be doubted, because we don't have sufficient/reasonable evidence, as you say. But that wasn't the case with the Giant Squid.

Pretty much the only thing that wasn't for certain was if it still exists, and if so, how many. Sometimes they were believed to be extinct, current estimates are (correct me if I'm wrong) around 50 million. That's doubtable, and nobody says that number is correct, it's just out best guess at this point. It's existence wasn't so doubtable
They had like 2 years, WrestleMania is a deadline they set for themselves and it doesn't take a genius to make a female ARMBAR. They decided to do it last minute, and they decided to use Moolah.
I actually like that. The I wish you died in the WOMB, and the ARMBAR
"Sir, this is the design, it is as horrible and poor taste as you wanted"

"Agh god damn it they'll never get that.. make the real thing out of painted plastic, if it doesn't look a hundred times worse in real life, you're FIRED!"

Wonder what normal they will overdo next year to the point where everyone hates it to death.

Maybe they bring back fireworks, but do some stupid shit like using it in promos in a really horrible way until everyone just wishes they'd have no pyro at all again.

I still can’t get over how great that was. I started to strongly dislike her, and once the Holm fight was announced, with no good reason, I became a fan of Holly Holm, and I started to bet everyone that she’s the one who is gonna beat Rousey. I’m not sure why, but just something about Holm made me think she’s gonna knock her out before Rousey gets close enough to her... then she actually did it.

I was kinda disappointed how the next couple of fights were all no defenses from the champion, and I wasn’t even sure if Nunes could beat Rousey, but I was so damn confident in Holm back then.
We’re not more focused on the space race, it’s just that ocean exploration doesn’t get is anywhere except exploration. We can’t leave Earth by going to the Ocean, you know? It’s pretty cool, and we certainly are trying to discover everything about it, but it’s as hard as going the other way, and in a couple million years, there won’t be anything there. The space race is making sure we aren’t one of the things Earth takes with itself into death. Also, chances for intelligent life are higher in space, at this point we’re pretty sure everything else down there isn’t much more intelligent than the animals we know.
Well, we have seen them very rarely, it would be weird if the ones we saw are the biggest ones already
Well, just that we had pretty sufficient proof, as opposed to Big Foot
And we also saw parts of dead squids, in Whales stomachs for example. It was really more like the black hole in the center of the galaxy, we are pretty sure it exists, we just don’t have the means of seeing it yet (which might change very soon btw)
The Kraken was about a Kraken though. Squids are stupid retards compared to an Octopus, really. They are huge, that’s it. The usual Squids aren’t even that, they’re just there, swimming around. An Octopus can do some serious shit, they’re one of the smartest animals, but the giant octopus is way less mystical than the giant squid (perhaps because it’s less rare, or because it’s smaller than the biggest squids, I don’t know).

Anyways, the myth of the Kraken wasn’t really demystified in 2004 or 2013, it was sorta known they exist, and we knew they aren’t those gigantic Davey Jones monster things before 2013
Jericho is a freelancer as well.
As a german: We get the wordplays, it’s the culture we don’t get. For example, I’ve never been a James Bond fan, I’ve maybe heard the german title of Diamonds are Forever once or twice somewhere, but I don’t really recall hearing the english title of it, since I don’t care about movies a lot and am not that old (assuming it’s one of the older Bond movies), so I just didn’t make the connection that “Diamonds are for Trevor” is a play on a Bond movie.

But the wordplays themselves aren’t an issue for me personally
*BOBBY.....BOBBY... :((*
Greatest love story in wrestling since... well, the golden lover reunion was just recently, so just 3 months but... Second greatest love story in wrestling since Elizabeth and Randy
Imo really one of the best ever. Just everything about this was perfect. That was the night Seth Rollins became a legend
Sounds likely. Either that or a non-appearance acceptance. Which are both Stupid, because Taker has nothing left to prove to Cena. When Cena can't make it to WM, that's his problem. I just wish Cena makes his entrance at WM and then... nothing happens... Taker just doesn't give a fuck about what Cena does
Why is a landing probable? They even canceled the CRS landing.. I know this booster has no flights, but still, I don’t think a Block 4 in mid April will still be recovered. Should really be changed to “unknown”
These are ICE’s, they travel at above 300km/h. This is not just a “slight” aerodynamic advantage
I fucking hate this thread. I can play GTA 1080p in really awful settings, and my PC cost me about 800 bucks. I fucking hate it...
Look at Edgy McMemelord here
Oh lol.. well, I'm not gonna change it now.

And yes, Iridium is commercial and as far as I know also to an extent military, while StarLINK is really Internet for the people above all else.

They might still be somewhat competitive, but it's not like one will go out of business, and they're not in the same intensity of competition as ULA, SpaceX and BO are in terms of launch providers. I mean, I'm no expert, maybe I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure they are still somewhat cool and rather cooperating than competing
In the beginning, this was his gimmick.. as a heel. He was the Persian guy who was sick of people portraying him as the bad guy, putting him into a category, without ever looking at what he can do at the ring, but he was still the heel. It was stupid. That's a pretty great underdog babyface gimmick. And I'm REALLY glad that match against Mr 450 (fuck that dude btw) in Chicago happened, because when they cheered him, from them on WWE presented him as face. And since them he has actually done something, which is great.

Alexander is pretty cool, but I'm gonna be real mad if he wins. I'm 110% rooting for Ali. Will definitely be an awesome match, I'm excited
Kevin Dunn =/= logic
Because Iridium already has the contract from that company, and are already in orbit. The same company won’t build another 77 or something satellites so quickly. And Starlink could do this, but there already are such sats in orbit, if they decide to do sat hosting it probably will be a different kind of sat than Iridium is hosting.
Well, I don’t think Starkink will render Iridium Obsolete. They have different applications, and Iridium also does satellite hosting, they have sats which can track every plane and ship on the planet, no matter where. And well, Starlink is primarily high speed Internet for everyone
Ist mir egal wenn ich diddly tue
guter roboter
Yes. If you want one kg more payload capability you can just take 5kg of the first stage.

Obviously though, at a certain point you can’t take anything from the first stage anymore, there’s not a lot you can take away other than recovery hardware, while the second stage has like 6t of payload capability you can take away (when reusable), which could add up to 30t to the first stage (which is obviously overkill and in no way practical)
Why we call it “Sun” tho?
Ge the fuck out of my house!
Mountiangong Who?
That’s not really what living long enough to become the hero means. That’s just someone who’s great at one thing, but fucked up at life. Totally unrelated.
Additionally, it's 10 flights until refurbishment is needed (until then it's basically just inspection and refueling, just like an airplane), but overall it's about 100 flights.
IIRC, it's 1:5, so 1kg reduces the payload capability by 200 grams
Wait, why does the time matter? Isn't the Delta-V the same, no matter if you can do it in one burn or you do many very light burns? Or is this some kinda realism overhaul kinda physics where the different gravitational pulls of the earth kinda does the job for you just like that one sun synchronous polar orbit where you chance inclination 360 degrees in one year without ever really doing a inclination change burn (aka black magic fuckery)?
So.. will SpaceX get it or are they seriously fucking up the webcast for no reason?
Exactly. And some people win them, put them in unacceptable little bowls and are happy when they life longer than 4 months
That's awesome. Looking forward to what she has to say
I was so fucking happy when he died. The. he fucking comes again, and of course Harley still fucking loves him.... ughh I hate Suicide Squad
A goldfish isn’t expected to die early, even if you won it at a fairground. Those things can get huge, the problem is people keeping them in little bowls instead of a proper aquarium. They can live for years ffs
TIMEOUT
If only...
Yeah, that’s what I meant. We only knew via contracts and filings and stuff like that, rather than official announcements.
“Did it feel good though?”

-Ricegum
Oh, fuck me. But wasn’t there something everyone knew that only got official like right before the launch? Or was that just the existence of these satellites that they confirmed?
Well to be fair, one Brand has two fired guys constantly interrupting shit, and the other is a security mess you don't even want to think where to begin... is it that big monster destroying the set every other week? Some Smackdown guys invading your damn show every now and then? Your own Shield guys invading the show every now and then if they're complete?

Security is an issue everywhere, that's not Regal's mistake, it's just a so far unsolved problem.
Yeah but I mean an official public announcement
No it doesn’t fit. Just because it’s not KenM doesn’t mean it’s “r/NotKenM”. This sub is for KenM kinda posts which aren’t by KenM, not literally everything that isn’t KenM.

Kinda the same thing with a super hot teen who got a child with 19. Yes, she’s a mother, no, she’s not a MILF
Same, but everything that followed is cringy too
I don’t care if it’s faster than what I have or not, I’d do it in a heartbeat once it’s available, just to support them.
Didn’t they officially announce its existence only like a day before the first two microsats were launched as secondary payloads?
Yep, but not of all time or anything, just at the moment. It was not even a second out of thousands and thousands of years since humanity exists, and every other human has held that title as well, and there are thousands who held it for a bit longer than you.

I’m fun at parties btw... at least I guess, nobody invites me to parties for some reason

^^^^/s
How much delay will there be between Dragon and the ISS? Will it be visible right after launch, so on its first orbit? And will it be roughly the same flightpath as the ISS (well, I'm 99% sure it is, but just wanna make sure). So essentially, I just have to track the ISS, try to see it, and then Dragon will soon follow, right?
> WWE doesn't seem to know what to do at all ~~with the midcard titles~~.


Because Ziggler didn't want or need the title, he wanted to prove he can do it, and the win the Royal Rumble or some other major shit because he and everyone else now as well knows he is that damn good. Of course, WWE dropped it after the first week, that's why nothing came out of it at all.
This is why I hate WWE. They are 100% PR. Women's evolution? It's only PR. They don't give a fuck about anything, they care about their image and money, that's it. That's why they promoted Warrior and Moolah so long, that's why there even is a women's revolution, that's why they back Susan G Komen and Connor's Cure. They aren't some sort of angels, they are assholes pretending to be angels.

I mean, that's not big surprise, Meltzer said it, it's everywhere, that's not just WWE, but they are really going hard at this fake image thing.
Ah, 1.2.2, a realism overhaul player then I guess?
Ooh, I’m not OP. I was just commentating on the whole mods being updated thing
My bad, this one’s on me
What do you mean? I’m playing on 1.3 because half my mods aren’t updated yet
"NET March 31"

a couple of hours later

"Issue resolved, targeting March 30"

(I know, I know, just though it was funny how once NET wasn't actually true, since launches slipping but then being moved forward happens so rarely)
After the mission is down, switch to the debris and just time warp until it's in the atmosphere and either blows up or crashes into Kerbin. If it has a probe core and some fuel, you might be able to save something. It's always interesting trying not to blow it up, and if you use the same rocket for multiple missions, you can get closer to being reusable every time, learning something and applying it the next mission. Even if it's just "pack a parachute and most of it should survive the impact"
Unfortunately, not even close. I don't have THAT many mods, but according to CKAN like half of them aren't for 1.4 yet. Hell, some of them are only up to 1.3, which is why I never had 1.3.1
OK
Ich geh immer in den Konkurrenten von Lidl wo es auch all-die Produkte gibt
IT's always like that. An autopilot killing one person, everyone loses their minds. A driver killing somebody by a stupid mistake an autopilot would have prevented, and nobody bats an eye, it happens like every other minute. Don't worry about it, it'll go away eventually. It was probably the same when cars were invented and it will be the same when spaceships become a thing.
I swear if there's the "Undertaker fears cucumbers" thing in here that everybody has heard a thousand times......
It's weird how fitting that name is. As if his parents knew what he would grow up to become
Can't believe I'm getting two of my dream matches here with Asuka vs Charlotte and Nakamura vs Styles.
I'm actually hoping he doesn't. It's great, and WM is the perfect stage for it, but the Demon isn't just Finn's big match attire like it used to be, it's a different persona. It's when he has to dig down deep, when he can't do it himself, it's his last ace up the sleeve. But he was very confident in the IC built, if he came out as demon that would kinda just be the confirmation that Finn without the demon is... just Finn.. a nobody. He NEEDS to do this all on his own, as Finn Balor.
It is really great, but I hate the Owens storyline. Not necessarily the idea, rather the ridiculous execution. They are fired, but WWE's twitter promotes them when they crash a houseshow, they are fired but get a freaking match at WrestleMania to get rehired.. those angles have always been unrealistic, it's wrestling, but this one is too much. I really am not a fan, probably my least favorite match on this card, I'm only watching it for Bryan.

But yes, awesome card
I just realized Bobby's chest is pretty normal, but his nipple is handing soo low. With someone like flair it just looks old, when the tit is handing down, but Bobby's tit looks just like it should except for the nipple. It looks really unsettling. As if it's placed wrong.
Look at the earth. About two thirds are water, right? How deep does that go? About 10km at the lowest. How far is the earths diameter? If you scale that to a globe model, a drop of water is basically all that’s in the entire oceans. It’s just barely anything, because it’s only the surface. It’s like 1/10 of what the skin of an apple would be on an apple (and the skin itself is already fucking thin). 
> nuclear heat.

Speaking of, imagine Miz enters as Shane's partner? Or at #10 in the Saudi Royal Rumble. DAE NUCULAR heat?
The dudleys faced the Usos in a tables match o0n the pre show I think two years ago. So not a 100% given, but yes, more than likely on the main show now.
“admit it, you’re fucking with us”... The guy gets the perfect chance to get out of the situation that didn’t work as planned, but he’s such a dumbdumb he just keeps on fucking up. This is 100% me lmao
It annoys me that it’s on absolutelynotmeirl, while the behavior itself is pretty meirl (though exaggerated, the girl agreeing and all, and responding too), but I gotta upvote knowing what’s at stake
Or... fuck
Lol, Imagine they actually have Undertaker return the ABA gimmick with a live entrance and all, but it's Limp Bizkit playing Rollin' lmaoo. That'd be a bit mean to Kid Rock though
The next two weeks are gonna be good. Loved seeing the WM33 stage taking form, speculating what's happening and all, if that thing would really be the ramp, from the seats down to the ring, and then finally seeing the finished product in WWE's reveal video. I really hope they are gonna do a reveal video as well this year.

And it has nothing to do with the thread, but god do I hope they have fireworks

Well, you don't go in there because you want the best car. This is more for tuning lovers, especially Skyline fans. The Elegy is cool, but not quite as cool as the Nissan GT-R35, it's just... it feels like a free car, maybe because you never gave the car a value. But Benny turns it into a highly customizable version of the Skyline R34 with R32 and R33 elements, which is super awesome. You can build almost all Skylines that appeared in the Fast and the Furious franchise with that. So it's almost a million for a cool Skyline, just like a car that class costs around a million nowadays. If the Elegy itself would have cost something, I'm sure the upgrade wouldn't be so expensive.
About three cans for the whole car but don't worry, the mechanic will manage that
Bill is probably the one on the left, snacking through the helmet and being sorta concerned. Bob is the one on the right, he’s smart to know what’s going on and doesn’t have the courage to not be afraid. Jeb has the badS attitude, he sorta doesn’t give a fuck
Women’s wrestlers must feel so empowered
Man, Rollins should have really said that if he was Miz, he would have bought the Miztourage a Cadillac
She’s sooo good, that gimmick was gold. But why do that when you can strap a rocket in Alexa’s ass and have only like 3 relevant women........
It’s not an engine, it’s not a liquid fueled rocket, but it is a rocket. Hell, new years rockets are rockets as well, and they don’t have an engine nor oxidizer either. They are only burning solid fuel and are surrounded by the atmosphere, that’s hardly even a motor (as opposed to SRBs, which are rocket motors)
Same here. Not sure what’s worse, half of the mods never getting updated while the others take forever, or the fact I can’t enjoy it once it’s there because shit PC
WTF is up with all the returns lately.. kinda makes me hope for Neville
Sounds a lot better than the 2014 days, selling a 50k car every hour. If they do take my money I’m gonna do this probably, thanks. I hope they don’t, my money is mostly fair earned (well mostly, we’re not angels :D)
Are there still woking dupe glitches right now with 1.43? I just got back to playing, and I still have all my money, but seeing the recent trend of unjustified banning and money reduction, I'm not sure how long this will last. It's multiple millions, and I've hear people getting money taken away at like 200k or something for no reason so...

Also, isn't there still the 48 minute wait period? Aren't dupe sells kinda ineffective then?
I didn't catch up with NJPW recently, what's up with BC now? Is Cody actually gonna stay in it, and everyone is against Kenny? Also, why the hell are the Bucks against Kenny as well now, did they just turn on him with Cody like they did against Styles? Fucking traitors
r/weakknees
X to doubt
Yeah, so it’s also not burning, because if it was burning it would also be on fire, which it isn’t
I’m sorry, isn’t “on fire” equal to “burning”? Wood is on fire when it burns, right?
Fire is hot, but fire isn't burning. Water has a temperature as well, but water isn't wet.
So you want them to buy a smaller up and coming company for PR? I feel like the purchase alone would give them bad PR, and what they do gain later on just isn't worth the troubles. When you're literally launching to Mars, few people would care about also owning a small rocket company. In fact, it'd be a kinda trivia fact for most people, as in "TIL Elon Musk's SpaceX company also owns a smaller company called RocketLab, which launches small rockets", and even then a lot of people would be asking what SpaceX is to begin with. Really the only people who would care or remember for longer than a few seconds are people actually interested and invested into rocketry, and that wouldn't be the target audience for this kind of PR stunt.

Maybe I'm totally wrong, but I don't really see it. Most people barely know how much SpaceX is actually launching, and if it is a lot compared to others or not. 
Fuck, that's how I pose in front of the mirror during various stages of undressing before shower
https://www.theonion.com/literally-no-one-calls-me-that-or-has-ever-called-me-t-1819592848
They literally stated they are working on small sats only right now. As long as they don't go for big satellites and don't pursue reusability, they are no competition for SpaceX, and right now they aren't planning on doing that. SpaceX said pretty much from the get go Mars is the goal
I love Tory Bruno, but ULA really is a shithole. Not that it's THAT bad, but if you imagine what it could be...
Wait hold on, how do we know they don't have a reentry burn? Just going by that animation they did? That hardly says anything. How else would they manage reentering the atmosphere?
> So I stuck my toe in the ocean. Doesn’t make me a swimmer.

Exactly, just like reaching the Karman line doesn't make you an orbiter.

Space is defined as a place, right? so there must be a border between Earth and Space, and that border is the Karman line. And yes, speaking from an achievement standpoint alone, the difference between 95km and 105km is just that, 10km, nothing more. It's like you plan to achieve 80km but you reach almost 90km.

But much like becoming a swimmer first has to get his whole body into water, a rocket has to first reach space before it can get in a stable orbit. In fact, your example is a pretty solid one. There are two approaches to do it. The Russian way, throwing your child into the water and making it swim, attempting orbit before even doing suborbital hops, and the American way, one step after the other, slowly going in, getting used to it all before you try to swim. And well, in both cases, eventually both work, but Russia was way ahead of USA with the first approach, just like SpaceX is way ahead of Blue Origin for the same reason.

It's not that much of an accomplishment, but you need to reach more than 100km first, so if you can do that, you are one step close to being able to achieve orbit than an amateur rocket which reaches only 20km.

It is reaching space, no doubt, it's just that reaching space isn't that special compared to reaching the stratosphere.
They probably could, but their main goal isn't profit. Yes, they need money for BFR, but they aren't going to sell flamethrowers to normal people to get a bit more profit, they are not that desperate for money right now, it's not 2008 anymore. RocketLab wouldn't really gain a lot from it, they are doing just fine right now, and this is ultimately what Elon Musk's goal is. So all in all, it's really just more work for no good reason. Maybe if RocketLab is shortly before failure, and things are looking bad, then it might make sense to buy it, after all their technology is pretty impressive and very interesting, and it's sure in the interest of SpaceX not to let that die out.

But for now, everyone is better off as it is
I have that book sitting right there at my desk.
> Ol' Musky

Literally nobody calls him that, or has ever called him that
Feminazis smh ^^^/s
This was also like 7 years ~~after~~ before she debuted in NXT, people change. Especially during that age
At that point, Maxel was the only one, right?
IIRC that wasn't on RAW, but RAW talk or a youtube exclusive, so after the show went off the air.
Top 10 questions science finally answered
I miss the chants from the UK show.

*Danny, Danny Burch. Danny, Danny Buurch. Danny, Danny Burch... Danny, Danny Buuuuuuuurch*

Oooh, he's talking about shoe size, got it.
And he did that at WM33. Undertaker fans were pissed regardless. A second losing retirement would just be stupid.. especially since the old school thing is making someone go over. Reigns certainly didn't get the planned reaction from it, but he still had something to gain from it. For Cena it'd be just nothing, it would 100% be Cena always being right, Cena being Superman, and Undertaker being weak as fuck and having no aura whatsoever anymore.
I'd prefer exactly that, but Taker not showing up at WrestleMania at all. Don't write Undertaker on the card, don't make the match official, let Angle tell Cena Undertaker will not be there. Cena comes out at WM despite that, but nothing happens. He just stands in the ring awkwardly in a sea of boos, realizing he didn't provoke shit, Undertaker has nothing to prove to him, and he only hyped himself and the fans for something that won't happen because there's no reason for Undertaker to appear. Cena thinks Taker is weak? That's just.. his opinion, as long as Taker isn't desperately begging legends to come out of retirement, he's good.

Might be a bit too much in terms of getting the fans excited for something that won't happen, but hey, Vince loves swerves, and you just have to keep saying it won't happen, and only in character Cena is sure it will happen
Cena is the dumbest way to deal with this whole Undertaker getting old thing. If they really, really want Undertaker to continue, having John Cena laugh at his face and portraying Cena as the person in the right, despite him literally telling someone to come out of retirement because Cena couldn't get the job done and get to WM on his own, is the worst approach you can do. Like wtf... I still have this bit of hate against Cena for the Nexus thing and the Rey Mysterio thing more than half a decade ago, but now... I ain't ever gonna cheer for Cena again. He could fight just about anyone and I'd cheer for his opponent now, I fucking hate the character and everybody responsible for it
I’m more impressed with the way he stopped. Probably because it looks easy, and I know would try but would never nail it and land awkwardly every time,  while I’d never dare to think about attempting the trick too.
Oh, I just realized they all use RCS only and basically start from a very close orbit to the ISS, instead of a 100km difference and then just do a Hohman Transfer after a few phasing orbits with the rocket stage still attached.

But what about the rotation? Can’t the spacecraft just match velocities when close, then change attitude, and get close to the port and so on?
Trains actually work that way. I think it’s every 30 seconds the chauffeur has to press a pedal
What’s Mahjong?
The Falcon 9 first stage is said to be able to achieve orbit on its own without any payload. I don't think the BFR is able to though, especially not with fuel margin for a reentry and landing burn (also, a nose cone wouldn't be light either). Yes, this is ridiculous. I really don't get why everyone has a problem with shipping it
Yeah, even with the animation they released a few days before the FH launch for FH, the launch pad was the same futuristic, sleek animation they use all the time, instead of how LC-39A actually looks like, with the fixed service structure and all
I agree. A crawler has pretty much only use for getting something from the VAB to the pad, and SpaceX doesn't fuck around with vertical integration like NASA. They can just land on a launch mount mockup and get it off by crane or a primitive transporter erector.
Apparently they could have saved dragon if they had a proper abort profile, essentially just deploying the chutes would have been enough and the cargo and capsule would have survived undamaged. That was a Dragon 1, there was no attempt to abort, and it didn't even have an escape system. If I'm not mistaken, it wasn't even planned to decouple from the second stage, it just did that due to the stresses. If you have a Super-Draco LES, decouple the spacecraft properly, have an abort mission profile, there is no doubt it is survivable. Again, if the chutes would have been deployed instead of them just writing the mission off as total failure, a human would have survived it as it was already. A CRS-7 kind of failure is definitely no problem for Dragon 2
The KSP style
How will that affect the expeditions? Right now, most crews are mixed between Russian, American, and occasionally European or Japanese. Does that mean there will only be all Russian and all American/European missions, so the expeditions are 3 Russians joined by 3 non-Russians later on, until the three Russians leave and another Soyuz comes up with 3 Russians, the 3 non-Russians leave, repeat?

Will NASA even do 3-man expeditions, since Dragon and Starliner both seat 7?

Also, if they still do mixed expeditions, will NASA still pay the overpriced 70 million or something per Astronaut to Roscosmos? is Russia paying the same price to send a Cosmonaut on board a Dragon/Starliner as NASA will pay for a ride on the Soyuz?
Can someone ELI5 why it takes so long? I know most of my orbital mechanic knowledge only through KSP, so I'm not really that much of an expert. Is it just 2 days of phasing orbits until they can do a Hohmann transfer to the ISS? What's different with the 6 hour window? 
I’m so stupid... sorry. Meant FH obviously
I am. It’s a partial failure, but it’s probably something some dumb people would have said “that’s what reuse gets you”  about, so I wanted to include that one as well because it was a brand new engine and still failed.

But either way, all failures, partial and complete, happened with new boosters. If a reused booster fails, it says very little about reuse being more risky. So the parent comment is wrong about this only being the “party line” until one fails.
I don't see it happening.

The upper stage can maybe be stretched, but that's about it. They don't want to tweak a lot on F9 now, they want to focus on BFR. Extending the life span to 3 days is no small task, especially for a rocket which was never designed to do that in the first place (as opposed to the Apollo CSM for example).

Dragon 2 can't propulsively land most likely. The Crewed version will have Superdraco engines, but only for abort purposes. We don't really know how good they are at landing it propulsively. They made one short hover test (handing it on strings, lighting the engines and hovering above for a few seconds), but as far as I know, that's about it. The main reason they threw that idea away was it'd take too long and too much development to get it reliable enough, and that would only hold back BFR even more (which is the last thing they want right now). So they'd essentially need to develop that for a very small payoff, because chances are it still won't be man rated to propulsively land on earth, meaning they'd develop it exclusively for the moon delivery, which just isn't worth it when you could have BFR instead.

Lastly, FH won't get man rated, but that is probably not an issue since this is only cargo for the moon. Still, a whole lot of development costs and efforts for a small payoff.

They are a lot better off leaving it as it is and working as much as they can on BFR.

EDIT: FH won’t get man rated, BFR will
I'm fairly sure if the customer wanted to, they could do a turnaround of like 3 days or something within the next 2 months. I'm pretty sure we won't see this though, because you'd have to 100% count on the "experimental" landing part, and you'd also need two missions very close. Maybe in the future Iridium or SES will be the first ones to work with SpaceX in that direction, and actually buy two missions very close to each other with only one booster, letting the second mission slip for a few months and a different booster in case anything goes wrong. Then we might see it, but otherwise I doubt "you're gonna get the booster which flies in 2 months, just 3 days before your mission" is something any sat contractor wants to hear.

But just from a technical standpoint, if it's RTLS, I'm pretty sure half a week is doable as soon as Block V flew a few times and they know everything works.
There was a mystery booster shipped from the Cape to McGregor in January or February, most likely B1043, so as far as we know, Hawthorne doesn't have any Block 4 boosters anymore, right? Given the fact Block 5 debuts very soon, and the second and third Block 5 missions won't be from the same booster, this almost has to be B1047.
I need this now
Yep, but it’s just sooo present on the internet. But then again, those Incels are probably a lot more on the internet than normal people, so that explains why so many people on the internet say that I guess
Where the fuck did the “vaginas are used up and get lose the more it’s used” bullshit come from? I mean, it’s a biological part of the body, if anything it should get tighter and more ‘trained’ like a muscle is, would at least make more sense than it becoming lose as if it’s a lifeless plastic fleshlight
3 Falcon 9s failed so far, all 3 were new ones...
More precisely, CEO of RocketLab, the second privately funded company to go orbital. They basically built a Falcon 9 in the size of a Falcon 1, but with electrical engines (turbopump) and shit. Awesome little rocket,check it out
Nope, guess he’s not
Well, there’s a difference between saying you’re in, and doing things in their interest, and actually being in. Yes, ISIL wants exactly that, and sure they are happy to inspire attacks like this, but they have leaders and resources. Weapons, money... all that isn’t managed by whoever wants to, there are people planning attacks and telling the soldiers to do it, people getting trained by ISIL... that’s when you’re actually “in”, as in not a supporter but a member. If ISIL doesn’t even know you exist (up until your attack), you’re not in. 
Fucking impossible standards.. back in the good old days you could just hit up Osama and he’d give you a job
Btw, before anyone says something about Islam being bad: They all are. The bible has very despicable things about human dignity as well. It’s almost every religion that is like that. That doesn’t mean Christians, Muslims, Jews, and so on are bad humans. It just means a lot of “holy” scriptures are disgusting in some ways.
I hope Matt uses the broken name as well. It makes sense that he was broken, then lost the CONDEESHUN with was then woken again, but I hope they acknowledge more that he is broken, and don't exclusively call him woken.

Also, everything looks good, I hope Del Rio stays out though.
Sad thing is the worst one of the three is at the top, the objectively best one, probably, is the lowest (I personally place Charlotte above Sasha, but I guess more people would disagree than agree). Like come on...
When I'm playing a wrestling game, I want to name moves or characters after things I like, just like a lot of wrestlers do (Kairi, the pirate princess due to her sailing hobby, and so on), but then realize literally every thing that comes to my head is wrestling related as well.
Depends on how they will include it into storylines, and if the winner gets anything. Remember Starrcade? Yeah, me neither. Sure, it will be a big event, but nowadays it doesn't matter how big it is, if it's just a network special and not actually a part of the storylines. Beast in the East and that MSG Live show had PPV like cards, but they were overall still kinda... not really historic at all.
ITT: People not knowing Toni calling Bate stupid for letting her go. I agree that cheating is stupid and cowardly, but keep the "I'd literally let her spit in my mouth" comments to yourself. Great women's revolution when 80% of the comments are about how much everyone would like to fuck her, isn't it?

I like Toni in every aspect too, but keep the parts about how hot she is to r/WrestleWithThePlot or similar subs
LTMG

Man my name sucks
There’s no such thing as MechJeb magic. It’s as unreliable as completely manual in atmospheric use. They are equally hard, you can’t just autoland within like 20m target difference like on the mun
Yeah, Jericho is the G O A T
When?
I can bench press like 25lbs...
I know Alexander will win, but damn am I rooting for Ali. Loved him since day one.
I was one of them. Then even TNA made fun of it with the EC3 parody. Then it became literally the hottest thing in wrestling at the time. Fuck me
The point is promoting Connor's Cure. But yes, Nia and Murphy or gtfo
Which is sooo retarded. Tozawa's german is the best one in WWE, arguably top 3 of all active wrestlers. But some guy does the move two times a year and he can't use it anymore now... Fuck this shit. This is exactly why there are so many anti-WWE smarks, because they keep doing this stupid ass shit. 
They definitely are. Just look at Nasa right now... those who have the power (mainly the Senate and so on) are idiots, and those who aren’t can’t do anything about it
Yep, he could have invested it all in Tesla, which would have been the death for SpaceX (and half of his fortune spent on a failure), but he decided to split all he got left, so both have a chance, but both could have also failed. He was very close to failure, and it’s not because he did something wrong. He was very aware this was a possible outcome, and he always expected it to happen. 
Yeah, they also have the same name scheme (ost times FirstnameLastnameRandomnumber and the tweet history makes it obvious). There probably still are people falling for it, but not as many as it looks like
Sure. I mean, the Mars Missions will essentially be just that, since those will be SpaceX funded missions. No customer here, SpaceX astronauts and all. Probe.. don't know, maybe if they decide to land somewhere else in the future (after all, the BFR is designed to land anywhere in the solar system) they will do some science probes before. 
Exactly. This is essentially a no brainer, since up to Block 4 aren't designed to fly three times, so they won't make an actual mission with it anyways, and they now have the option to destroy it or just throw it in the water. If it still works, better get some test out of it and throw it in the water in the process
Atlas isn't comparable to Falcon. They earned their respect, and they also would have to fly it 7 times with no reason, paying themselves, because they only use it for that. Whereas SpaceX will fly Block V regardless, so it's in the best interest for all for ULA to have extensive ground testing and calculations and one demo flight, while SpaceX just earns the human rating along their usual mission schedule. Yes ULA gets a bit better treatment, but Boeing has just proven to be reliable and has a long lasting relationship with NASA, while SpaceX is kinda like that young, but very promising rookie. One day SpaceX will have that status as well
Hasn't SpaceX done the Pad Abort test like more than a year ago? Why did it take so long for them, but Boeing will fly the thing like 3 months after the pad abort test already?
Bangabandhu is delayed? Damn :(
I haven't been up to date with Airbus for a while now, for a second I though you meant the new Beluga will HAVE A350 wings, so is a modified A350 XWB lol. I know this isn't the place to ask, but what happened in the last two years or so? Are the first A350-1000 already delivered? And what's this new Beluga gonna be? Surely based on a 380 right?
They static fire without the Payload, so no concern there, but yes, Fairing shouldn't be a late thing
The thing is, in like 2002 or 2004 he beat everyone at the Arnold Classic (I think it was the Arnold Classic), essentially just in between. These people worked for years for this, while he is wrestling and he just comes in like it's nothing.
This is one of the most awesome things in wrestling. And I'm so glad people keep posting his record and explain it to people. It's just way too cool that "The Worlds Strongest Man" Mark Henry isn't just a gimmick, but you can actually say he is the strongest man, maybe ever. It's just awesome
And Steve.
OKAY IT'S HAPPENING, EVERYBODY STAY CALM, EVERYBODY STAY FUCKING CALM **IT'S HAPPENING!!**
"Sister Abigail's spirit being burned is what unleashes Bray's true monster, now he has nobody to hold him back and nothing to lose"

-We all, March 2017

Oh I'm sorry, my bad, you're right.

Yeah, exactly. Bliss dominating is unrealistic. Charlotte being dominated is unrealistic. Add those two together to the mix and you got a 141 2/3 chance of a stupid match. The numbers don't lie
Asuka vs Charlotte has a classy wrestling story. Charlotte is the best on the roster, nobody can touch her. Asuka has no challenge in her roster. Asuka won the Royal Rumble and chose a dream match between two very dominant forces instead of someone she already beat. Not every match needs a feud to happen. Until Roman started talking shit about Lesnar, neither did their match have a feud yet. It's literally number one contender vs Champion.


"Jeez people keep bitching about this Stephanie McMahon promo and it hasn't happened yet!"
I don't remember Dean Ambrose burying two divisions and holding a title all the time. She's no where near Dean Ambrose, but Kayfabe and promotion wise, WWE never really cared much about Dean, especially after his WWE Championship push was over at the start of 2017. Alexa is the centre of the universe the way WWE portrays it. I hate it too, but it's the way it is
Bayley and Asuka would, Bayley was weak as well, Asuka turned in her MITB win against Charlotte. And Mickie too. But yeah, the others have a better explanation in Kayfabe than Nia
That's probably true, which makes me sad. I really hope they use this chance to make something with Nia. Have her squash Alexa, as a Babyface, and then have Carmella be the biggest bitch she can be and cash in. Then do some face vs heel stuff, and hopefully they can get something with Nia. She has been called up way too early, but maybe there's still a chance. I don't want them to make her the next Dana
We don't know if they have chemistry, but from a wrestling standpoint on, if there's a match that should Main Event WM it's Charlotte vs Asuka.

However, not this year. They have very little build, and as hyped as I am, for it to actually be the main event there should be more story. They literally never stood eye to eye until Royal Rumble and fast lane.

But eventually, those two should Main Event WrestleMania (by god, anyone but Alexa Bliss)
Apparently so
Lately there has been a lot of easy and understandable stuff on here. Please stop. Only black magic fuckery!!
NO, DO SOMETHING, OR ELSE HE'S A COWARD AS OPPOSED TO SOMEONE CALLING OUT RETIRED LEGENDS TO GET A FREE TICKET TO WRESTLEMANIA THAT WOULD OTHERWISE NOT BE DESERVED

^(I know, wrong Mark, but still...)

TBH, I want neither. Alexa vs Nia for obvious reasons (although I would pop if Nia squashes her. Not that Nia is that much better than Bliss, but I like her personally more and at least Alexa's reign of terror would be over), and Sasha vs Bayley is just so old. It was great in NXT, but I don't want the same match over and over again. I'm really sick of horsewoman vs horsewoman matches, I already was two years ago. But well, given the RAW roster, I guess we don't have better choices.
Charlotte is acceptable as seller. She sells some moves pretty well, but maybe lacks psychology selling a bit, as in selling an injury throughout the match. Not really bad, but nothing too special in selling, like Sasha for example.
Just doesn't make sense with a little girl like Alexa and the most dominant women's wrestler. Charlotte should have dominated the match (at least she won though)
Ok, so this thread seems to be quite open about comments regarding Bliss, so maybe I can say it here:

Imo Bliss just isn't even close to champion material. Right now, the Smackdown women's division is killing it, it's about wrestling. RAW's just seems so... I don't know, it's all about stupid drama, because it's all somewhat related to Alexa. She's like the opposite of the Horsewomen. She might be a good talker, but that doesn't make her a champion. Yes, wrestling isn't just moves, but Miz is everything Bliss is but better, and still is only IC Champ material because he is average in the ring. He got better over time, but he's nothing special in the ring, an easy "can I skip?" candidate.

I just don't get people saying Alexa is good, she isn't. She has a wrong style (how the hell can someone her seize and weight win with a DDT or punch???), is sloppy, doesn't really have a great execution... really, I'd definitely say she isn't as good as Miz is compared to their respective divisions. I'm not saying she doesn't belong in a wrestling ring, but she doesn't have the right to be the most dominant women's wrestler. Charlotte was pretty dominant, but she was nowhere near Alexa, and Charlotte is actually one of the greatest wrestlers. And yes there are "dominant" people like Nia and Asuka, but none of them are like 4 times women's champions with a combined of who knows how long. I'm pretty sure Alexa has been way longer champion on the main roster than she was not.

This is exactly why I wanted Asuka to face Charlotte. She just doesn't belong in this Bliss dominated division. One of the worst parts is how it's barely mentioned. Charlotte was hated so much not even two years ago, and Alexa is getting way more with way less reason, and most people don't care. I'm glad in recent times the hype around her got a little bit more quiet.

Again, not saying she is a total Cameron, but she just isn't up there with people like Asuka, Sasha, Charlotte, and so on. Right now, I'd take the entire RAW roster over Alexa, and everyone but Liv and Tamina on SD (Sarah isn't that great either, but I like her personally. I do admit objectively Alexa is better overall though)
It's MY city, if I want to burn it down I will burn it down!!
Don't get me wrong, WM31 was the first WM I saw after coming back to watching wrestling again in 2014, and I fucking loved the Statium, the play button set.. I loved it. But some entrances just feel like they aren't actually wrestlemania, but more like backyard wrestling, know what I mean? When the light effects aren't visible at all, the weather is sorta lame (like, not raining but not really sunny or anything).

I'm just imagining Shinsuke's entrance instead of AJ's or Kevin Owens at WM33, and it feels sooo lame. Again, love outdoor stadiums as well, but some entrances are just not fitting for it.
Great matches with Rollins? Fucking when? At Battleground???

Cena was a long time before that, Reigns started of with a F5 pretty soon and only later on Reigns was able to get some offense, and that was Royal Rumble winner, over the top pushed Roman Reigns, not midcarder Intercontinental Champion in a good month Ambrose (from WWE's booking perspective I mean). Undertaker was a very intense feud, and the Summerslam match sucked. There was the F5 through the table, but overall, it wasn't a great match. HIAC was a HIAC match and well, it's the Undertaker. Of course Lesnar is more invested than against Ambrose. He has probably zero interest in Ambrose whatsoever, which Ambrose sorta also said on Stone Cold's podcast.
I called one r/all, and then select from that one the ones I like and called it r/noskip. 
Yeah no that’s not how it’s gonna be. It will be very uncommon, but people won’t be stupid and forget “driving” existed for the first 100 years of automobiles
Mine’s even worse
Is this the inspiration for Jack Sparrow?
How do I delete someone else’s post?
didn’t get it until I saw you.. fuck, same reaction
WTF, the crowd counting the match length is awesome.
I thought there is, but now reading the replies... it really wouldn't make sense to bring out the demon. This all is something Finn did, all by himself. He's Finn now, not the one guy who's really awesome when he is the demon. So the demon would only make sense for a big match or something he's desperate for, and a three way for the IC championship, which he is very confident to win anyways, isn't that at all.

It's his first mania, but yes, the demon probably won't be there. 
Depends.... obviously they'd need to focus a lot more on her, the last few HHH entrances would suck if Steph is actually in the match. So they'd need equal focus, not a typical valet entrance, then It'd be fucking awesome.

But thinking about it, it would be pretty cool if she got a special solo entrance. Obviously she'd need a new theme though, that's like HHH coming out to King of Kings at WM.
Okay, so you are all right with the Cena and kid rock thing but... how about the most obvious part? His retirement? The hat and coat in the ring? Like last year? Even at a legends show, where he HAD to appear as deadman, he wore a different attire and no hat
Not too sure if an Elephant would be allowed for WM though. I mean, the entrance Ramp is often times right on the level of the heads of some people in the crowd at WM, barely a border.. I guess a big heavy living wild animal isn't really possible.
I hope they use pyro for that awesome bass of his theme
He's wearing the same gear Ronda wears
I hope so. Remember Neville's entrance at WM 33? It looked basically like a grill party and they were just messing around, not like WM. Granted, Pre Show, but still... Shinsuke is a thousand times worse because of the strobe and all
After she orders that cancer kid to get moved away from gorilla
We won't fucking get the white gear. Why do people still expect it?

It's a version of the old black and gold gear, it's literally his old gear in white. He won't come out in that ever again. Yes, he will eventually have a white gear, no it will not be the SS/NOC one
> Ambrose vs Lesnar

I still don't get how people expected something. That match sucking was like the most expected part of this WM, and that was the same WM that Reigns won the Main Event against HHH who won the Rumble for the title... I didn't expect a thing from it, and neither should you if Lesnar is in the match.

> Styles vs Jericho

Arguably the best match, but it was a weird one, the tag team kinda became a thing because Jericho liked the Instagram hashtag #Y2AJ and it just was a very WWE'ish match. Not really what we expected, but I wouldn't say it was that much worse than we hoped.

> New Day vs League of Nations

I don't remember anyone being excited for that. LON was pushed a lot, they won like all the time, except against Roman because that was their purpose. The New Day feud sucked, and it was right at New Days face turn, this feud is what turned them face (remember Sheamus was celebrating with the New Day when he won Seth's Title in November before), so this was really mostly just about screaming booty O's and the entrance. LON winning was expected, and the match was as bad as you'd think

> Undertaker vs Shane McMahon

Well yeah, we got excited, but looking back at it, why were we? Undertaker was in really bad shape, he broke down after the Summerslam match (right at the exit), HIAC was mostly Lesnar, and SS was barely anything, and was also a tag match. Shane was always just a spot guy, so we should have expected exactly what we got. But yes, you're right, that one underdelivered. We expected too much

Overall, I wouldn't say it was a good card. I'd say the parent comment was right. It was the weakest card in years, and still underdelivered. 

Oh god, I almost forgot the face paint. She had some variations of lines, but WM would be perfect to bring back the old Kana facepaints, as in actual facepaints and not a line or three.
I swear if they don't even have pyro for WM... they, more specifically Vince himself, literally said last year in the documentary "pyrotechnics extravaganza" as one of the things that WrestleMania is on WWE 24.

They NEED to have it.

Also, I'm all in for special Asuka and Charlotte entrances. Charlotte's entrance last year was pretty good (but I didn't like the attire, I just don't like the color)
THANK YOU!

Especially how special they all feel... no fuck, you're not the only one who thinks he should retire. People wanted that since like a decade.

I know he's beat up, and WM 33 was hard to watch, but I can't live with the fact he is retired for good. If I can see him, I fucking want to see him!
Lana with Charlotte's boobs looks oddly fitting
Well, here’s out chance for the Neville Royal Rumble win comeback that didn’t happen in January
And the majority of Humans don’t understand nevertheless
Why would he?! He'd float a whole lot longer, and it'd kinda look like in slow mo, but he wouldn't float away. Mars has about 1/3 of Earth's gravity, the Moon has 1/8 (so you can look at the Apollo missions to get a feeling how 1/8 of Earth's gravity looks like).
Well, for now Blue ain’t got shit on them. Like seriously, even if the New Glenn flies, BFR is a lot better. Really, even New Glenn is sorta a F9 but bigger and better. ULA is actual competition, while Blue is potential competition
Wait, since when did they duplicate Ash’s body? The fan theory was Ash is going to be Voq, physically altered. The true story turned out to be a but different, and the way I understood it is that this is the real Ash Tyler, but they put Voq inside his brain. So the body is Ash’s actual body, and so is his personality, just that Voq is in there as well and getting more power over Ash with every day, until eventually he became the dominant force.
Right, Sylvester doesn’t work because there are over 20 different times when it’s midnight.

Sorry, but what kinda logic is that? If April 11th is space day, then on the night of April 11th your city doesn’t turn the light on. Doesn’t mattet it happened in Australia already and is yet to happen in America.
Awww... I feel her

Btw, what the fuck is that effect as the window goes down? She suddenly has this creepy face, then it goes black and she has that cute embarrassed expression again. What’s up with that?
WTF is up with this company. Like seriously... just WHY do they want Roman as the top guy? This can't be anything else than all of them loving the guy himself. This is purely personal. There's no way they are so obsessed with him by anything he does. He's pretty great at some things, but I don't know a thing where he's the best they have at, and overall combines there are also many better. Even when they basically get fed with a great Option B (which happened many times, including stuff like the Braun double turn, where Roman would still be a top star, just not the blue eyed tater tots babyface they wanted), they keep forcing something that won't happen. Just fucking why? He's going into this WrestleMania almost the same way he always was, and that's after the whole Arena booed at him and screamed fuck you after WM33, before he said one sentence and left. I don't fucking get what the hell is wrong with them. And no, they're not getting the reaction out of me they want, because for that reason, this kind of bullshit is why I don't even regularly watch WWE anymore right now. I haven't watched a full RAW or SD in months. Poor Roman... he could have been a great upper mid carder or even top heel for a certain time (Miz for example main evented WM, doesn't mean he's a top star for ever), but they made his legacy to... this.
Well obviously the match will be great regardless, it's just if you expect something big, it can be the best match on the show and still the most disappointing, you know what I mean?

And well... that's true, but sometimes a match can be great because it's billed as dream match and all that, not because of a feud. Sure, feuds are the main driving point, but there are exceptions which can be just as good if done correctly. I hate how unnatural it is when someone wins the rumble and then a real, blood thirsty feud is coming from it (not like Orton vs HHH, I really just mean "oh you won the rumble, guess I hate you now for the next 3 months" kinda builds). Or when someone in a feud against the WWE champion wins the rumble. So I personally am enjoying this tbh. Kinda a bit more NJPW like. The two top of the world in a dream match at the main event of wrestlemania. But I can understand if this competition driven like match isn't for everyone. I like both, but you're probably right, it's harder to get one really hooked to a match with this approach, so beating Andrade vs Gargano requires really above top class in ring stuff.

Anyways, we'll see. I'm excited
Just so I understand this right (English isn't my first language, sometimes I get confused): Basically you have to pay less money for taxes if you use the property for agriculture (instead of just building your garden there or race cars or whatever), so SpaceX has some cows on it as well so they get that tax reduction?
Just talking shit in a serious meant interview has nothing to do with working. It's being an asshole, being an idiot, or not taking other people serious.
Oh god...
Man I just don't get Vader sometimes. He talked shit about Ospreay vs Riccochet for it being just a gymnastics video, not a wrestling match, then he loves some dude who does backflips on twitter, saying not even he himself could have performed that move, now he says Punk is an "average wrestler" because gymnastics is pretty much the only thing he isn't that great at (he's got storytelling and ring psychology and all that figured VERY well).

With all due respect to Vader, sometimes he just talks nonsense.
I feel like this will happen. I also feel like we won't even be mad or disagreeing. I'm hyped as fuck, but I have this weird feeling it won't be a 5 star classic but rather "just okay". I really hope I'm wrong, it's just that I got let down when I expected something so much, especially with WWE... but oh well, we don't know yet, let's hope it will live up to the hype (first one definitely did)
Yeah, he had zero value when he left essentially (though it's not like he had more before he came to WWE)
Well I mean... it's kinda on him when he doesn't want to learn English (nor really the WWE style at all).
Wait, is that Okada strapping the belt onto him? Lol
Can someone explain a bit about the cows? Why the hell does SpaceX need cows for tax purposes? And how many are there?
*was

I don't know about you, but I'm seeing a fully functional Block V right there.
He cares about making money because he can't go to Mars and change the future into what he wants it to be without money. If money was his driving point, he wouldn't have invested all his money at one point into SpaceX. Space is the last you want to invest in if money is all that matters. In 2008, he could have either let one company die, invest the rest of his money into the other, and have a working company. He could have also invested it all into both, risking both would die regardless and he'd essentially be at the bottom again. But he wanted both companies to succeed so bad that he risked it and worked 25 hours a day basically.

Some people may not like him, and there are understandable points. By no means is he an angel. But he definitely doesn't only care about making the most profit for himself. Even the biggest haters have to admit, he's not stupid. But investing your money into a rocket company, especially in 2002, would have been the most stupid move he could have possibly done if money was his aspiration.
Some detail: There was a scene in which the engineer wanted to quit, but Captain Lorca talked him out of it because of the unique abilities he and the ship, and the two combined, have. He asked him if he wanted to be remembered along "The Wright brothers, Elon Musk, Zefram Cochrane", beautifully blending history and future predictions/fiction with Musk being real and very successful, but his true legendary status not being there yet.
I always love how Worf neither catches her, nor saves himself
not an anti meme
When they want you to build an outpost on an asteroid but you're more a space station kinda guy lol
People on earth governing over Mars, while the Martians don't want that but they can't do anything about it sounds exactly like some dark history part of a sci-fi show, and also like some colonies on earth were. I don't want no whole planet celebrating how "independent" they are like they still are in the US. Nobody governs over Mars other than Martians.
Because as much as I love Undertaker, Ric Flair's "last match" at WM24 was pretty damn good, while Undertaker's suck since years (granted, he was fighting Shawn Michaels, but still.. Flair was still a lot better when he retired)
"He's being a coward if he doesn't accept" -The man who's trying to get someone out of retirement because he can't get a WM match
Yeah, I really, really, really hope they work on their entrance a lot. This could easily become one of the greatest Triple H entrances ever, if Steph is actually a part of the match and not his valet (not that his past ones sucked, but it's a lot more awesome when Steph isn't his supporter but as much of a focus as Triple H)
Just imagine if they would have decided to use King of Kings for everything from now on. I mean, it's a great song, but it only fits exactly what it was supposed to: A watered down, suit wearing business version of Triple H.

So yeah, really a great decision, and it also makes his WM entrances feel more special when you haven't heard them for every RAW all year (although now since the brand split he isn't on TV anymore)
I'd really love to know more about Matt's soul. We know it goes back thousand of years. He was once in the Vessel of a somewhat high ranking part of the Ptolemaic Dynasty, and he knew Cleopatra Philopator personally. He was in Europe almost 2000 years later, around the 18th century, and has also made some friends there including Antonio Stradivari and Napoleon. He also battled alongside Genghis Khan, so chances are he didn't go from one point of the earth to another, from vessel to vessel, but instead all his vessels started close to where the previous one ended. So he actually went all the way from Africa through Asia to Europe and to North America. Curious when and how he got to America, and also if any of his previous vessels are famous (probably not though, since it seems like souls take the name of their most famous or most important vessel yet, I.E Napoleon, George Washington,... are all called by that name, even though they are in a different vessel now (so Matt Hardy is the most impactful of all the vessels his soul was in for thousands of years, since he always and only goes by the name Matt Hardy for himself, while calling other souls by the name of a previous Vessel).
lol no. 2863,33352km actually. Given a eccentricity of 0 obviously
1620 in middle europe. Pretty fucked, but I bet it’s very interesting for historians. Isn’t Bach the hottest shit that time? Def gonna buy his EP
Did not realize that. I’m sorry, my bad
He’s sarcastically overdoing the bit. Right sub
How many Dragon spacecraft flew/how many reuses are there to date? Do they also only get reused once? And how much easier to reuse will Dragon 2 be? I mean, I don’t know shit about this stuff, so I don’t even get why a new heatshield will do the job, but both Dragons are similar, so how reusable will Dragon 2 actually be? And how do they avoid problems they have with Dragon?
I’m like 100% sure this will be a part of every vehicle not too far in the future. Once autopilot is a more common thing, it’s all about improving it. And calculating wind speeds and other loads on the car will be one if those things.
IIRC, at one point he wanted only house shows. He wants to have fun and wrestle, not necessarily do the high level TV production stuff. Raw is in this day and age pretty different compared to “just wrestling”
I wonder if they release more footage. They obviously have it, and everyone would love it. 
I said this on a post of yours already, but since this one got more attention:

I think it's stupid. Using a code to randomly name them from culture names... these names mean as much as the booster designation numbers, absolutely nothing. I'm not a fan of naming the F9 boosters, I think BFR should get the names, F9 is obsolete soon anyways and there are just so many.. the numbers are just fine. However, IF you really want to, give the names some meaning. Why is Qualifier just another ship and not the one who flies the 7th flight for human rating the rocket for NASA? Why is Just testing one of the last? Give them names which mean something if you name them at all, not just some funny names and a code. Also, you should really take into consideration what kind of ship it was originally.
2000 for a functional one? I'm no expert by any means, but boi, that is DEFINITELY way too little.
Great fucking idea. Everyday Astronaut is exactly what they need, he knows his shit but is explaining it in a more casual friendly way, so that more people actually are interested and understand what he's saying (like he says, "bringing space down to earth for everyday people"). Not only would the SpaceX suit look cool, it'd probably get more attention to both sides, win win for both and Tim's channel is only growing with time, so eventually it will really pay back to SpaceX for "sponsoring" him with a suit mock up (obviously they won't send him the actual, functional prototype, but I bet they have some wearable replicas which aren't worth hundred of thousands of dollars).
With which he almost killed himself when he got it because he underestimated the fact that it's airtight haha
I'd be the first one, I'd be the Ten thousandth one. I'd give almost everything to go. Really, as soon as I could go, I would. There are 1000 reasons why I couldn't go, but me deciding not to is definitely not one of them. They could say themselves there's a 90% to die, while experts say more like 99% (obviously they wouldn't do a manned mission then), and I'd still go. Hell I'd take a one-way trip. Yeah getting old is pretty cool, but what if in the end I made nothing in my whole life and impacted almost nobody? Dying young on Mars would at least be a way of helping humanity as a whole, progressing to be a multi planetary species, and even though I won't witness it, that'd be worth it to me.


What I hate the most about the people there is how fucking ignorant they are. They hate him just for the sake of hating him. There are good arguments, like how he treats his workers, but instead 90% is "he sent a car in space for no reason". NO HE FUCKING DIDN'T, IT'S CALLED DEMO LAUNCH LEARN HOW ROCKETS WORK YOU STUPID IDIOT.

Sorry, but I once spent hours browsing that sub, and I still have that "how can one be so ignorant" feeling in me.
It's science, advancing humanity, and so on... stop trying to make the most profit out of this. WTF they didn't even attempt to go to orbit yet, while SpaceX uses RCS for landing for years. BO literally copied SpaceX in their animation, landing on a barge and all, the only thing different was using surface fins instead of grid fins.
I know it isn't practical, but can't it be used in a more practical way in a few years? Like, with actual, three dimensional holograms basically like in the Iron Man movies, so that you could really have the 3D thing in front of you and "go inside" it, work on it as if it were real, just that you can manipulate it in ways you would take days for if it were the real thing?
I just realized if I were in WWE, I'd be Byron Saxton lol
6 out of 5 stars, fake news
Seize the means of Karma whoring!
For real though, if you upvote the goodbye, you should vote the letters before it as well. Especially if it's a premature goodbye, then you're basically just upvoting one asshole who ruined something (not here, but sometimes that happens)
Three words: Cena, Mysterio, Champion
They were there last at WM 29. I'm not saying I'm happy with it, but "three city repeat cycle" is just not true.
Yeah.. Steph got us so excited when she announced RAW will have a cruiserweight division. Not only do they have their own show, the roster is exclusive and they have their own GM. They ARE another brand. Like wtf... you announce a CW division to make RAW different from SD, but then you do nothing for like 5 months and then add a third/fourth brand which had less and less to do with RAW? Just announce another brand after the CWC, the Steph announcement after the roster split was just dumb in hindsight
I... I installed a mod with CKAN once..
You just don’t get my point...

You compared Marijuana addicts to people who smoke it, 10%.

But then you compared alcohol addicts not to people who drink it, but to the total number of adults. And obviously that is less than 10%. But you should have compared it to the people who drink it, otherwise it’s no fair comparison.

You even said yourself it doesn’t change a thing how many people drink compared to how many people smoke, so why the fuck do you compare one to the total population? Of course it’s not 10%, not everyone drinks alcohol duh.
Yeah. “And people have been asking how to get cargo down from the spaceship and uh..well..crane. It’s really not that complicated”, something like that.
Well.. no point in removing, no? They all launch on the same Falcon 9, so weight shouldn’t matter too much, and if ads a better abort option
Exactly. SpaceX is flying Block 5, and without a problem without modifications, more than 7 times anyways, it will be the only vehicle in operation (well, there’s FH but that is like one or two launches per year). ULA won’t launch two-engine Centaur for anything, so they’d essentially have to pay for 6 useless missions themselves. Not only wasting their money, but also wasting resources. 
Also, NASA has trusted them now for a long time, and it worked pretty damn well. SpaceX is doing an exceptional job, but they’re not as proven as ULA
So the uncrewed one will be a regular CRS mission transporting cargo?
Clearly missing the reaction hwheels
Lol wtf I never even slightly doubted Marijuana isn’t addictive, of course it is. And your first point: EXACTLY!! So why the fuck do you compare the addicts of Marijuana from the people who do Marijuana, but then you compare the addicts of Alcohol to the total number of adults?

10% of Marijuana smokers become addicted, right?

Less than 10% of all adults are addicted to Alcohol, yes. But that doesn’t matter, because not even 1% of all adults are addicted to Marijuana. You need to compare the alcohol addicts to people who actually consume alcohol, not ALL adults. And then it’s more than 10%. Proof is in the link
yeh big whoop David Blaine..
Lol... https://www.projectknow.com/research/drug-addiction-statistics-alcoholism-statistics/

Also, first you compare Marijuana users, so people who did it multiple times, then you compare alcoholism to the overall population of adults.

Like wtf... a very small percentage is considered “Marijuana users”, and 10% of those become addicts.

You say alcohol is better because not 10% of all adults are alcohol addicted. There are WAY more people addicted to alcohol than marijuana, and there’s also a bigger percentage of alcoholics among regular drinkers than there are addicts among regular marijuana smokers.
> The Moolah battle royal is likely going ahead. "If the controversy caused them to even consider rethinking the decision, the video of her a second time would not have aired'. 

Just a friendly reminder that while Dave is a good source, his word isn't law. He can, and will, sometimes be straight out wrong. Not criticism, just a reminder not to take it as a given when he says something, although it is true more often than not.
WTF we did it reddit?!

For real, this is to all the people saying it's ridiculous and a waste of time. Snickers, you da real MVP (and I guess thanks to the sponsor Mars Inc as well)
I don't recall render jumping through a window to escape a beating like a coward, but other than that, you're right
10 TIMES BROCK LESNAR BROKE CHARACTER ON WWE

 #3: That one random time he fist bumped a fan in the audience


What bugs me about the LON is how they actually won like always, except against Reigns. Like, yes they were a joke, and so was JBL pretending they aren't, but they actually have a very good record and were always dominating, which just makes it even more ridiculous
He does, and he's not even gonna try
Maybe. But overall, I think he had better matches later on than he did back then
Google "marijuana vs alcohol" and stop being a retarded piece of shit, thank you
Ok, so if they actually won't cancel or rename that, which it looks like, the only way they could do it somewhat acceptable is at either the same night, or the RAW after, the winner is losing his cool and goes fucking mental on the mic about how Moolah really was and fucking wrecks the statue of her apart. Sure, it would have been the most retarded way to do an angle, because they got all the attention right now already and the mainstream won't care what happens after WM, but it would still somewhat save face, without admitting they are wrong and renaming it before.

I mean.. either way, they've done fucked up and we keep spreading #FuckMoolah and all, but this is at least more acceptable than doing it the way it looks like it will be
I am in a similar position as OP. I live in Germany, I really don't feel optimistic about it. Even if it's not SpaceX, the private sector is glowing up right now, and all I could do it somehow, maybe going to the DLR, but that's not really in my interest. I just hate how Europe is so little involved, that we don't even have the laws for what the private sector in USA is doing. There's one sort of acceptable rocket by Arianespace, acceptable meaning it flies and is still in use. That's it. Totally not why I'm so much into space exploration and rocketry at all
Additionally to everything that has been said:

* The launch to LEO was 1,5 billion dollars... an expendable rocket which could reach mars would be less expensive. That's without all the upgrades it would take btw

* It generates very little lift on earth, it has been called a flying brick. On Mars, the whole system wouldn't even work, it would need to land with retrorockets as well, so the reason to use something like an Orbiter for anything at all has just been eliminated, so if you're just going to orbit with the Shuttle itself, why the hell use the shuttle out of all options?

And all of the 3 comments already said this, but it's essential: It could never fucking reach Mars, it'd need to be redesigned so much, designing a completely new rocket like BFR costs less than that. This isn't Kerbal Space Program, you can't just add more boosters.

There probably will, but I guess only on the back side of the rocket, and the delta wings are right at the belly, where there shouldn't really be ice. Since it lifts off perfectly vertical, I'm pretty sure there will close to no ice be hitting the wings, and certainly not in a way that would damage it.

As far as I know, ice hasn't even been a big problem with the Space Shuttle, which literally had a gigantic tank with ice around it on its wings and pretty soon on top of the orbiter, the issue was other debris. Columbia has been hit by some kind of foam padding from the external tank IIRC
Especially the fact that they're using used ones. Like... the development cost billions already, the vehicle is unbelievably expensive (and shit btw), and the RS-25 are excellent pieces to put in a museum. Instead, they will be wasted on SLS and thrown into the water... Like come on, you're not even saving that much by doing that. Just cancel SLS altogether ffs
Exactly. I am not mad at Jeff one bit. I even think some of the reactions are a bit too much (which they really aren't, drunk driving shouldn't be tolerated in any way), I'm just really disappointed. I don't want him to go that way again.
> Mae Young, Mildred Burke, Penny Banner.....just so many good choices. Who do you suggest?

Don't let this whole Moolah thing distract you. Mae was certainly no angel herself. Not even close to Moolah, but she isn't someone I would want to name my battle royal after either. She was also very, very close to Moolah, they're basically besties. If you want someone from that era with talent, skill, who's a good person, and hasn't entirely been buried by Moolah so you can still actually say she did have an influence, then Wendi Richter is a good start. She has also been screwed over by Moolah countless times btw. But she's big enough I would say, she's also in the Hall of Fame, and this would really give her a bit more recognition, which she totally deserves.
> If it's not pound for pound as bad

You're right, but that doesn't matter at all. That's not how you define how bad something is. You don't consume Marijuana in the same amount that you consume alcohol.

First of all, your liter vs pound argument is not just the dumbest thing to say, it's also not even an even comparison because you compare water to pure weed. Beer has an average of, let's say, 5% alcohol per liter by volume. One standard drink, like 12oz of beer or 5oz of wine, contains about 14g alcohol, not 340g.

Secondly, what's much more important, is that this is not how you compare substances at all. Nobody takes 30g of marijuana at once. You compare the standard consumed amount and what effects it causes. And being around a lot of people who do either of the two, or both, I can tell you even without scientific facts (which still back this up, mind you, look it up), that Alcohol is a LOT worse than Marijuana.
I'm 17, all my male "friends" and people from school basically drink and smoke. They drink about every weekend at parties and basically every time they are not alone by themselves. They do weed like every weekend or every second one at a party.
The exhaust particles don’t hit escape velocity, so the contribute absolutely nothing to either the spin, or the position of the earth. Not as in “such a tiny amount that it’s nothing”, literally nothing.
You’re either Kevin Steen or a liar
I thought like "wtf, that's nothing special just some random box", then I looked at it and realized it's a metal bar, and imagine getting powerbombed onto that... getting powerbombed sucks, but all the impact being on a small surface fucking SUCKS, a lot. It doesn't even look that painful, especially when you're the guy who jumps from cells literally every time you have the chance to, but damn that's something I'd never take.
EXACTLY! People act as if she was revolutionizing women's wrestling. She has a pretty amazing record. But the fact of the matter is the reason why The Bella Twins were still pulling hairs as their main offensive until like 2010 is mainly Moolah. She held women's wrestling back way, WAY more than she helped it. She is the reason why women's wrestling was nothing serious for a long time, she's the reason why bitchfights were a thing so long, and indirectly, she also stopped other women from trailblazing women's wrestling (remember Wendy Richter? Probably not... guess why)
How many of these players are also WWE fans? They could gain a *significant* amount in a cooperation with WWE.
It depends. If wrestling fans really won't stop complaining, eventually the first thing normal people think about when they hear wrestlemania will be "I've heard there was some things with them doing something with someone who they shouldn't who was a whore or something?! I don't know, something fucked up", instead of just "Is that wrestling?". Saying "It won't change a thing" is the way to ensure it won't change anything. We can, and should, try, because honestly, this is outrageous. This Moolah bullshit has went way too far.
Yeah, he too
Sorta. More like Candice LeRae on the indies for example
Neither was I, I was jokingly saying about 2014 after some guy asked another guy rhetorically when Ziggler became a legend, but I guess the joke part wasn’t obvious enough
It’s not like you start going around and ask sat companies of they want to fly on your rocket, that’s not how the industry works. It was a given from the moment it was first announced that the first mission will be a demo, that wasn’t even a question, for literally nobody. 
Thank you. You’re absolutely right. I personally do sometimes not pay enough attention about the negatives, you’re right. There are just some people, like that guy, who seem like they never see anything positive at all, and are living in an illusion that everything he does serves only his own purpose. When you inform yourself about him and his earlier years, especially 2008, you’ll know how much he actually worked for this and how he basically went all in with both companies, only to be called a rich, egoistical coward by some. Sure he isn’t perfect, and yes he didn’t just built a rocket all by himself. But he is the one who’s responsible for the people who did do it, it’s not like it would have been the same without him. 
I’m not even sure what’s harder, getting mechjeb to land on point or doing it all by hand. I mean, the suicide burn is obviously easier with mechjeb, but getting it to land where you actually want it to land is really, really hard. Especially if you don’t know exactly how your rocket behaves yet (after some flights you will figure out it’s always 60km behind when entering from a 72km orbit, so you set the target at 60km further)
Hey, is the dlc out already? Also, is there a v 1.4? Can someone explain a bit what’s going on?

I know the mission thing is a dlc thing, but what about new parts and the texture switch? Are they also optional dlc or a part of the next version? Is there even a next version? Is it out already? Do we know a date?

Thanks
I’m so glad people are actually fighting about this and aren’t just going “well we have to accept it unfortunately”. Maybe WWE still won’t do shit, but at least it will be all over the media and casual fans will know what’s up
Lol
Because Elon isn’t, no matter what people say, a useless, rich hack. He knows what he’s doing, ans has put together an amazing team, and the whole team has a vision and they are making it happen. That and not a stupid senate telling you to build a stupid, ridiculous rocket with literal no sense just because it might create a few jobs in your state that won’t last longer than 2 years anyways. But mostly the first part. Same thing is happening with Blue Origin, just that they are going a different path and are about 10 years behind (but still, they plan to do thing the government isn’t even thinking about yet)
Because literally nobody was putting a million dollar satellite onto a rocket that just might not even work. So you pit something you don’t mind losing on there, launch it, and proof to satellite companies it works. It’s been done basically since rockets exist, and usually concrete is used. But useless trash is useless trash, whether it’s a car or a stone. 
Because people just love to hate. They don’t even want to know the purpose of this mission, they just think it was all fun and launching a car for the hell of it. Some people are just idiots.
It could have carried sats, but the reason a demo mission was done in the first place was because nobody was sure if the rocket design actually worked. So “I have fate in them” isn’t really enough when you put a hundreds of million dollar satellite on a almost 100 dollar launch vehicle. Trust me, if they would have found somebody willing to fly their satellite on that, they wouldn’t have hesitated a second doing it.
Shhh, “this guy is an arrogant hack and did it just because he has the money for it” is just a lot easier to say than researching how rocket and satellite businesses work ;)
Sorry, but the resources on the launch itself would have been wasted either way. They had to do a demo mission before they could launch actual satellites, and that’s what the Tesla was, just a weight demo. Yes, the Tesla wasn’t necessary, but it’s really nothing compared to the resources that went into the rocket development and the launch. And this rocket, now being officially in use thanks to this mission, will enable more Satellites to be put into space, because it is a lot cheaper and a lot more capable than anything that currently is in operation.

So in the big picture, this launched still served it’s purpose in advancing space and science, because no Satellite would have ever been pit on that rocket if it wouldn’t have had a successful demo mission.
Well, that might be true. But still, as you indicated, the other alternative was to launch a brick as a weight simulator for the demo mission. So both are useless and trash once they’re in space. That’s why it really doesn’t matter, the main reason was to demonstrate the rocket works and sat builders will actually buy launch contracts
And that’s exactly what it is. They needed a weight simulator for a demo mission. Whether the fact it’s his car is PR, ego, or getting normal people to get interested in space can be discussed, but it doesn’t matter at all, because that had nothing to do with it anyways. Say about him what you will, but the mission was neither an ego thing nor useless
It was 99% demonstrating for customers that the rocket works so they are actually putting their satellites on top, which then will actually do something useful (and they wouldn’t put millions of dollars into a satellite and another 90 million for the launch, if even SpaceX themselves aren’t sure it won’t blow up).
It wasn’t. It’s called a demo mission. Every rocket does it. A Tesla or a brick wouldn’t be a difference, both are useless and trash in space, and satellite companies don’t pay money for that rocket until you prove them it won’t blow up (at least not always). But sure, I guess being all pissed and angry is easier than research.
Yeah, sure you did put somebody on the moon for fucks sake. It’s in both cases a team of a thousand people or so who are all very, very good at their job. Neither “america” nor “Elon” did these things, it was “NASA” and “SpaceX”. And yea, both also are located in the USA, but your average American didn’t do shit for either of those
Well depends on what you mean with “anything else”. They could have sent up a lot of thing, but if you mean anything useful, then yes, they needed a weight dummy because nobody would launch an expensive sat on an unproven rocket. The fact that it was a Tesla and not some bricks was their choice, the fact that it’s useless space trash wasn’t, that’s inevitable and just a side effect of being a demo mission.
Also, it’s really one out of million of these cars, and it’s just standing in his garage otherwise
Also, much more importantly: IT WAS A DEMO MISSION!!! People saying he just launched his car into space for fun literally have no idea about rocketry. NO CUSTOMER would have paid to fly a 400 million dollar sat on a rocket even SpaceX themselves said it just might blow up. And just about every rocket has done that. Just because he used a car instead of concrete blocks, doesn’t mean this isn’t the exact opposite of “waste” and “just ego”. 
Well, Falcon uses Hypergolics too.. not saying it’s unreliable, just saying running out of TEA-TEB has happened before, and with people on board, I kind of understand the concern
Elon said they can absolutely use this to catch dragon if NASA wants to. So seems like SpaceX actually wants to do this, but questionable if NASA will allow it. But fingers crossed for cargo only missions
Also, worst case conditions can mean waves and shit, without crashing the pod with that big ass ship. 45 minutes go pretty fast when doing something like that
A small, single engine turborevealer costs about 1.5 million dollars, while chartering a reusable 737m^2 curtain revealer costs $47 dollars. That same single engine turborevealer can’t even lift above 100m^2. Rapid reuse, absolutely fundamental
It will only be transported like 2 times. To the test stand and to the launch site. From then on, they will launch and land it in the same general area. Maybe the first ship will never actually go to a launch site, like the F9R test vehicle, I don’t know how complete they will build that (although even empty with just basic functions it seems very wasteful not to use it, but I’m not sure about that, the Enterprise Shuttle never went to space either). The actual ships will just be transported by ship to their launch site, and they will stay there for the rest of their life (much like the Shuttle rarely had to be transported on top of the 747. As far as I know, the ship and booster will be built in California, so no idea how the hell they will get it to Texas (even if they don’t test it in McGregor, Boca Chica is probably the main launch site).

Launching in Florida and landing in Boca Chica will not be an option btw. I read on this sub multiple time about that topic, and IIRC, the conclusion always was regulations make that impossible (for the booster, not sure if the BFS can land in BC, if it can it probably doesn’t matter where it launched from if it comes from orbit anyways)
They should really redo it when the baby girl is a bit older and has longer hair than her dad (so when she’s like, I don’t know, 4?! Then it’s perfect
This world is fucked up
I hardly know 'er
I miss the times when a men and women could fight. Nowadays women can slap men, men can just stand there and look at her. I mean, how much "equality" is there really when women are portrayed as not being able to keep up with men, and intergender matches aren't a thing, and a woman making some kind of offense on a man is seen like that little cute Chihuahua "attacking" a bulldog who just keeps chill because it's no threat.

Give me some of that Lita and Chyna intergender shit back
About 2014.
I really wish WWE would stop treating tag teams as single entities. Why the fuck can't two single guys be a tag team? It's always either only tag team matches, or only singles matches and only story relevant, one night tag teams (faces against heels).

Keep the club, but let Karl also do a singles run, meaning not every match he is in is against another tag team wrestler with both tag partners as managers, or another tag team match. I just hate how there's only tag team guy and single guy with "good friends" if anything (like AJ and Nakamura, who teamed like 3 times)
Shit, my bad. But yeah, I obviously meant the next wonder to Andre, since this battle royale is the female version of Andre’s battle royale, 8th and 9th world wonders. 
Love it when competing companies do harmless ribs. After all, they're still about the same goal, advancing humanity. Love you Tory and Elon and the teams :D
Also, "landing a rocket" is really far fetched. If that's the game we're playing, then SpaceX landed the grasshopper in 2012 already. There's a difference between SSTssO (single stage to sub-suborbital) and two stage, orbital class rocket booster. I mean... just look at that tin can... engines ignite at t-0, liftoff at t+7, do you even launch sequence bro? Also it lands like I land in KSP, basically doing the last 50m in -2ms, hardly a suicide burn.
Lol I thought he was joking at first. As in, bikes and walking in the tunnel is more important than the car sleds. But closed sleds, basically like a permanent car on a sled, for pedestrians and cyclists (so basically small subways) actually make a lot of sense, and I'm glad he said this is the main priority. This is awesome news.
A friend of mine always gets tricked by that. He sent me links, and that he's watching the live launch like three times in a week, and I had to tell im PAZ already launched a week before all the time lol. It's really stupid. That's why I always tell them to watch launches ONLY from spacex.com/webcast or from their official youtube. The other live streams are more often than not replays
STAY RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE

Just got this told by some triangle, thought I'd pass along the message
I'm already so fucking excited for Ol' Musky's talk at IAC 2018.

ONLY 6 MONTHS AWAY!!
Exactly. One engine lit, then when the outer two had to, they didn't.
SLS is retarded
Mountain
NO!

A name shouldn't be random. Despite if the boosters should be named or not (I personally think they shouldn't), the name should mean more than "a code suggested it". Something like Ultimate Ship The Second doesn't make sense at all when it's just another, random, one of many Block Vs.

Everyone loves the culture names, but honestly, they should be reserves for bigger things, like the BFR. Falcon 9 will only fly like 5 more years anyways, it just doesn't make sense naming them right now.

BFR and BFS should DEFINITELY get names, but F9 shouldn't, and most importantly, the name should mean something. For example, Qualifier would be a good name for the 7th one that will fly, because that one will determine if NASA will human rate it or not. You Would If You Really Loved Me is designed to be expendable in its very first flight (maybe like a really heavy, far out Payload, and they insisted on using a new one), and so on.

But again, I personally think F9 shouldn't get names in the first place. Not even the Dragon capsules have names.
> Just realized that as his suborbital rocket, orbital rocket, and moon rocket are named after the first astronaut in a suborbital, orbital, and moon-landing rocket respectively

Only the first American. Not sure why, probably a patriotic thing. But Yuri Gagarin was in an orbit before Shepard and Glenn, the Soviets were ahead in pretty much everything except for the moon landing.

But yes, Ol' Musky will probably be the first out of all mankind to reach Mars
I really like how even though this is a dank sub, it's still somewhat respectable (like not tagging Tory Bruno a hundred times and make reddit basically cancer for him)
Was about to ask this, damn. I mean, I know how big this thing is going to be, but every time you see a picture it's still like.. damn
Every time you say Crew Dragon...
That post cum "what the fuck did I just jerk it to?" moment must be even crazier on the holodeck
What's so great about this? I don't get it (haven't been playing for months)
Thank you for this. If there are some people here working in the press, please take it to heart and try to get more mainstream attention to this.

Even people with no contacts, tweeting and so on helps too. If you find good, reliable sources about this, start spreading it. This can really not go unchallanged, and with a community as big as SquaredCircle, we might just be able to spark something.

What is WWE's problem with giving fans what they want? Like honestly... Shinsuke winning the Rumble was just about a miracle, which really shouldn't be the case giving he was one of the top 3 logical choices. The brand split was awesome, Talking Smack was awesome... why do they have to end everything for the sake of "bigger and better", even though it sucks? We don't want the same PPVs, we don't want to see RAW shit on SD and vice versa. We want fucking competition like it's the 90s, be it fake or real competition...
Because she gets almost no lift, and it looks very weak. She also isn't that strong looking, so the fact that the impact hurts is just unbelievable. The Rock lifted his opponents pretty high most of the time, and from somebody like Rhyno a Belly to Belly makes sense, but with Bayley.. not so much.
Yeah, but he's a nice dude and has some things he does really well. Kill me if you like, but best spear in the business (I never liked Goldbergs, because it was picking up the opponent and running, for me a spear is flying like a spear into your opponent).

So it still is kinda sad that he had all this crap. I bet he fucking hated WM 33 too, retiring the biggest legend in the business, but knowing you're booked way too strong and nobody enjoys it a bit, and that's basically your legacy.
I'm pretty sure Steph will become the majority owner. Shane might get a lot, but Steph will be at the top. And I'm fairly certain everyone except for Shane agrees on HHH being the CEO.
"Please let that flair be a joke, please let that flair be a joke"

Fuck them.

If you want someone from that era, take Wendy Richter. If you want the one who makes most sense, use Chyna, she's the 9th wonder and never got the recognition she deserved for her work. If you want something they can truly look up to, take Trish Stratus or someone like that. There's no fucking excuse to take Moolah, it makes me sick that not only is she the chosen because of PR, but also there are actual better choices than her, despite how she was as a person, and they still do it. As if they WANT to rub this stupid whore in anyone's face.

EDIT: Andre and Chyna are the 8th and 9the world wonders, not 7th and 8th, my bad
Wait a second... I know it totally doesn't matter, and it won't interfere in how I look at the Broken Universe in any way, but I just realized something:

The King and the Queen are mother and son here, and not the married couple.
"Get over your own ego".... it's called retirement, he is broken down and only works out because he doesn't want to live in a wheelchair. You are the asshole who want to get somebody out of retirement, because when he shows up he for sure gets a WM match and you don't have that guaranteed WM status yet (well, out of Kayfabe he obviously does). That is called ego, fuck yourself Cena.

I like the promo, but I feel like Cena still portrays it as if he is actually right and the face. Somebody like Punk or Miz talked shit all the time, and they thought they were right for sure, but it was obvious they are the heels. But Cena's promo here sounds like he is being the face, which he isn't. He's literally calling out somebody who's retired because he couldn't get to Wrestlemania alone, and HE is ashamed and embarrased about not having a WM match.

Of course he will lose, but I don’t give a fuck. He’s doing a better job than I, and the majority here, ever could, and if he has fun, go at it. Will definitely be cheering for him
yes
Yeah, I remember him shouting it on Smackdown. I really miss him calling AJ's matches
I haven't hear much about this rumble, some questions:

How much of an insider knowledge is this? I have not seen a single mention of it anywhere than reddit. Did they even announce it on TV yet or only by press release? Will it be like a PPV event, so really something they build into the story, or like the Network specials, where it's not affiliated with current storylines at all?

If it is though, what does the winner get?
Get your shit together please, I love you
Well, a concussion isn't measured by visual looks on the outside. You can get wrecked real hard and not even bleed, or you can take a really nasty bump and be all red, but not having a serious head injury. Especially with a whiplash no cuts doesn't mean no harm. But yeah, obviously it's better than if there was blood draining down the stairs
Not at all, obviously. And I'm super glad we get AJ vs Shinsuke. I just think when a Royal Rumble Winner, the WWE Championship, an absolute dream match, and no super extraordinary, huge match to beat that by a mile, all comes together there isn't any reason for it not to be the main event. I get that the main event can't always be for the WWE Championship. I get that the RR winner doesn't always get to Main Event WM, even though that's what it says. But in this case everything comes together and just for the record, it'd sound a lot more complete if it's really the "main event". Also, no matter who wins, fans go home happy. Roman vs Brock.. not so much. Cena vs Taker.. well, we'll see, perhaps thanking Undertaker again, perhaps booing (but that one's unlikely to be the Main Event anyways).

I mean, I'm not super heavy on it like CM Punk for example with his "I think the best wrestler should be the champion" complaint about Miz's reign, I am ok with the Main Event not always being the top match, or for the most important title, or with the RR winner. Like last year, nobody even have a fuck. But I do kinda wish things like "in the main event of wrestlemania" would be taken more seriously, and this is just a great example about how the "rules" never ever apply, and the card is always just designed by the way they want it to. If they want somebody to win a number one contenders match 10 times without getting a title match, they will do it no matter how much the unofficial rules are against it, and I just think it's... annoying a little bit.

Sorry for writing such an essay, I write such long texts about everything, no matter how important or unimportant
It looks badass as it is, but knowing who Charlotte is, who Asuka is, and what the exact situation is makes this so much more impactful.
Oh..
I’m complaining because there’s one thing missing to make this perfect, and it has EVERY right to be perfect. It is the Royal Rumble winner, it’s the WWE Championship, and hands down the best possible match in WWE right now, and on of the last times to do it because both are out of their prime, and AJ said he might even be retiring soon. By every rule should it be the main event, everything fits in perfectly. But it’s going to be a mid-card match, like last year, so Roman can Main Event the 4th WM in a row
Smackdown used to be a B show, meaning no big twists and storylines, but a bit of additional Storyline develovment. However, easily skippable when watching the recap on RAW.

During the Brand Splits there were/are no B-Shows, it's 2 A-Shows and mostly one or two C-Shows, that's also how it is right now.
IIRC the last time we saw this was in 2016 before WM when he faced Kofi in a match. So glad to see that move again
This will not be the Main Event and it's making me sick that it isn't.

The Main Event will involve a part timer and a heavily overpushed fuckboi, or a retired legend and a former heavily overpushed mediocre workhorse. Everybody either was or could be a top wrestler at one point, but two are too old, one doesn't give a fuck, and one isn't at the level they make him to be and they just won't get his character right for longer than 4 weeks in a row.

This on the other hand is the definition of world class wrestling, and it's going to be the 3rd last match at best, even though all of the other guys Main Evented WrestleMania multiple times in the past, with none of them being longer than 5 years ago since their last one
Why did Ziggler walk into it? I get the spot, but come on, if you do this storyline with Ziggler at least TRY to make something with it. Have him counter it or something. But not, he says nobody can do what he does, but he's doing the same thing as every midcarder
Because Superman does the same thing he has done the last decade and "just wait and see, let him do the hard work, then get him" has literally never worked before. At least try to attack him during a Hulk Up rather than waiting your turn and being confident you can overcome him. No matter how sure you are that won't work, the other option doesn't work either, no matter how sure you are. Just try it ONCE, for science
Tfw that awkward announcer is the boss now
Wait a second... this means they are still on the same schedule as they were in September last year, when it was to be constructed towards the end of 2018 (to a point where it would actually remotely look like a BFS by Christmas). So no delays so far? This sounds actually very good. Hell, if we're lucky we will actually see a small hop in late 2019
Exactly this. Reddit, the Internet.. it’s never just USA, stop putting US standards so much in the center
Well, as long as it *looks* biologically as if you were 41 at the time of your death and not 48, nothing else matters
My problem isn’t what it is about. I’m one of those Youngbucks fans as well. I’m just saying we don’t need 3 times the same post in the top5
First of all, I’m complaining about 3 exact same posts, not about what exactly it is, so this isn’t even an argument.

Second: I don’t know how you came to the conclusion I’m a WWE fan only, but I fucking love NJPW! I don’t watch ROH on the reg, but I like it, I’m a huge Kenny Omega fan as well. Maybe I’m posting way more about WWE because about WWE there is way more to say (NJPW is right now more “shut up and enjoy it” for me, while WWE has so much bullshit to complain about), but I’m definitely not a WWE-only fan.  don’t even watch the weeklies currently, I’m excited for Wrestlemania, but I get basically all my current WWE info from here or WWE’s youtube occasionally.

Sorry if I came over as a dick, I might sort of be one, but that wasn’t my intention. 

TLDR: This isn’t about ROH, this is about 3 repetitive posts, I like NJPW a lot more than WWE and have no problem with ROH. I would have posted the same thing if it happened anywhere else. Sorry for being a dick, have a nice day
Just that mine won't hit the front page. I mean, it's no big deal, but it's still just sort of... I don't know whatever
u/spez u/kn0thing

You guys happy with your invention now?
I really hoped he’d keep it as an armband once the story was over. Like, not as a headband or overusing it, just wearing the arm band as a memory that he #BeatUpJohnCena. At least until the Royal Rumble, where he lost to Cena again.
This is even more funny if there’s jut the hat, gloves and coat in the ring, for which Undertaker isn’t even in the city for and it’s done by someone of the ring crew lmao
Yes exactly, that's the point. Nothing wrong with choosing a women's match
> People on this sub overrate CM Punk on this sub. He was not a mainstream drew as people making him out to be.

That's true, he wasn't a huge mainstream draw like Jeff Hardy. But dude, he was THE fucking guy for on and off watchers and smarks and everything in between. Maybe I'm overrating him because I'm such a huge fan of his though.
Miz mark here, agreed.

He is above average, and obviously ring skills are just a piece of what makes a great wrestler, but if you know absolutely nothing about the current story, he's an absolute "can I skip this match?" candidate.
Has nothing to do with wrestling but:

If North Korea denuclearizes, it's going to be because they are broke, not because of Trumps skills. Also, don't forget South Korea's role in this. They have done way more to this so far than USA, if anything Moon Jae-In deserves a peace prize.

But that's all speculation know, let's wait and see how everything turns out, aight?
The idea is great, but to be honest, I've been hoping for Asuka vs Charlotte ever since Asuka debuted in NXT and it became obvious she won't be a jobber. Don't ruin this now for me.

But at her first defense this would be awesome. I'd hate her for it, but still
Understandable, have a nice negotiation.
Yes I know. That's my point. It's phrased in a way Elon wouldn't phrase it, and it is very, very obvious. The joke has been done a thousand times before, and a lot better too. There's zero effort in this
Neither have Sting and Undertaker nor AJ Styles and Shawn Michaels.

What the fuck kinda argument is this?

Yes I know they already fucked it up, and yes there are better ways to do it, but Charlotte and Asuka are two of the best women's wrestler in WWE, arguably in the word (I personally say Asuka is the third best worldwide, after Io and Kairi), and both have absolutely dominated the divisions. It's just a match I really want to see, Alexa vs Asuka has no build either, and the match would likely be lackluster.
Yeah, that's really stupid. It's not even something super personal or really irritating, why the fuck do you need to be 18 to even see a titty that doesn't belong to your mother? And why the fuck are we sending probes with information about us, without showing how exactly we look like? Like come on... rules of society and convenience are cool, clothing and a bit of sensitivity is great, but it shouldn't block science in any way.
Yeah, but first of all, that is without one of the most hated enemies suddenly entering your country, so 30 minutes is not enough.

More important though is probably this is a huge thing, for Kim, the President of SK and USA to meet up together, meeting up in the capitabl of South Korea takes this even more to the extreme, and Kim just might not want to do this yet.

Ok, why? I love this, it might not be the best President, but Kim Jong meeting a POTUS, whoever that is at the time, is great news.

But why the change of heart suddenly?

2017: "Yo, I'm gonna fucking bomb the shit out of you, fuck you, fuck them, and especially fuck Japan. We're at war now, any second now, say good bye to Guam!"

2018: "Alright, we will be a part of the Olympics, do the flag thing we did a decade ago again, and if you're free, why not meet up? Maybe we can agree on something, I'd like to denuclearize tbh"

Obviously a great exaggeration, but still, very confusing. Sure, war was a bad idea, and Kim Jong would never pull the trigger because it'd be quite literally the World against him, but agreeing to meet and denuclearize seems not like something in the interest of a power hungry dictator who wants his nation to be seen as a world power. Maybe he hopes to get closer to reunification under his leadership with this?!

I don't know, but even if I never do, this is good news, and that's all that's important for me right now.
The only people who have ever been to the moon, or just further than LEO really, will no longer be alive. And very likely will it happen before anyone else reaches the moon (pretty close race though)
I've been waiting for a big match between Charlotte and Asuka pretty much ever since both were legitimized, Charlotte on RAW and Asuka in NXT, and this is the reaction to it? Come on... this is great, Superstar Shakeup will be right after SD, it isn't a simple Asuka goes to SD thing and that's it.
I'm afraid I've got some bad news

www.prowrestlingsheet.com/abbey-laith-released-nxt/#.WqGZ6kxFyZQ
Making flat earth round. Lol, lost it

I mean, Yes norminal landing bone barge mountain suborbital Jeff Who?
I used to watch the shit out of his interviews and stuff. Now I get just annoyed when I see his face. Yes he's smarter than me, but he's a dick, can not admit being wrong ever, and thinks just because he's a well respected scientist nobody is better than him at anything
Because it's better, more convenient, and more secure than Android. The biggest negative is the price, which is something a man worth billions literally couldn't care less about
I mean, as wrong and stupid it is, that's not even my main problem. My main problem is people not knowing what this sub is for. A gif of someone white is always a white people gif, obviously, but it doesn't mean it belongs here automatically, if it isn't a very white thing to do.

That's like calling a 19 year old attractive teen mom a MILF. Yes, she is a mother, and yes, one most people would like to fuck, but that doesn't mean she's a MILF, despite that being the name. (bad example, but similar situation)

Sorry for the rant, I just don't want this sub to become shitty and off topic
Not really a whitepeoplegif, just a gif of someone who's white. Just that this time the person isn't even white, she's Israeli, wtf is happening with this sub
Yeah, I argue about raw strength with a lot of people. Most say Lesnar. Bullshit. Cena is stronger than Lesnar, Big E is stronger than that, and Hendry even more. No offense to Lesnar, he just might actually have the highest impact punch, and is probably also the best legit fighter on the roster, but raw strength there are stronger. He can barely lift up Big Show on his shoulders (he still can most of the time, but holy shit do his legs wiggle while doing it).

People seriously underestimate a lot of them. Especially Big E
Lol Uce is hilarious (and dead)
Not really a streak... yes, he won a match at every WM he was in, but that's just bending the rules until something comes out of it. He lost at WM31, cool fact that he won at least one match at every WM, but nothing noteworthy as a part of his character. This is a little trivia at best.
Coach: "WHAT?? *lmao*"

Corey: "You're despicable coach"
When you type in high five, they give you the prayer emoji, which is really worrying because there is no good reason it couldn't have been meant as a high five emoji
This is really weird phrasing for Elon, kinda presenting the joke in the weakest way possible. The fact that it's fake makes this kind of sad... like, at least put some effort in, before you make a really bad version of a well known, mediocre, joke.
Ok, so wtf since when is 1.4 out? How the fuck can you change the texture? Are there stock ones or are all of them custom/modded in? How do you do that?
https://www.reddit.com/r/SpaceX/wiki/faq/falcon

Pretty far at the bottom this question is answered.

There is no reason they couldn't, they definitely could, but it wouldn't make much sense, and it will probably take just as long as BFR from now, which is in every way better than a Falcon Superheavy would be. Definitely possible, but not reasonable and definitely not economical
Depends on the rocket. For a rocket like BFR, recovery is part of the main mission, not a secondary or experimental part. So yes, you absolutely will have to wait until recovery is possible, because you're paying 7 million for a 150t capable vehicle for that reason.

For Falcon 9, it depends on what you agreed to. If you stated you definitely fly expendable, and paid the price for that, then obviously this isn't an issue. If you agreed to allow a recovery, then I guess it depends on what you paid. As far as I know, recovery missions cost less for the customer (because SpaceX this saving a bit of money with the recovered booster already), so in that case they should have to wait as well. If they don't accept the waiting time, like for ZUMA which was rumored to "need to" launch in November, they should be able to pay a fee, in which case SpaceX launches and the booster might not be able to be recovered (regardless of if they still try and if they succeed or not).
And a SKRIIIPAPAPP BUMM! never hot!!
Yo’ chances of winnin’ worst match of the year award drastic go down
Exactly. Return in the deletion thing, the work along with Matt as Brother Nero until Wrestlemania, either get a match in his own or support Matt in some way, then on the Smackdown after WM we hear No More Words for the first time since 2009 again and Charismatic Enigma Jeff comes to SD, while Matt does the Broken stuff on RAW. 
Hold me back bro
And that’s great. Braun is fucking awesome, and things like the MMC are perfect opportunities to have fun with him without changing his character. Like they used to do at houseshows, even the Undertaker was doing random shit at houseshows, because jt doesn’t matter.
Ronda's match views increase by 50%
Are people stupid or ignorant?

This is a bicycle knee. Seth does a jumping high knee.

Yes, a jumping high knee rarely looks good, and a bicycle knee is just about the best kind of knee, but it's not that Seth can't hit knee strikes, he just decided, for whatever reason, to use jumping high knees. That's the reason why his finisher looked so bad compared to the Rain-Trigger, and that's the reason why so many people hit better knees than Seth.

Sorry for the bitching, but some people just automatically assume they're the same move but Seth can't do it, when it's actually not. I have no idea why he does the jumping high knee, perhaps because Triple H used it as well, maybe because it's closer to his springboard knee and he wants it to be basically a weak version of the spring board, I don't know. But it's definitely not a bad execution, just a somewhat lame move he does.
Well about that last part, they’re rocket scientists, this is the kinda thing that probably won’t happen in 2018.

They for sure don’t set sealevel at -1000, they are testing if they can land the thing perfectly, not if they are somewhat close. It broke up every time but once now, and it’s not like surviving is a big problem, it didn’t seem to be one last time it did (which is, like you said, somewhat miraculous anyways).

What does need to be tweaked, obviously, is the target. Usually the drone ship and the first stage are communicating with each other, and the stage receives real-time telemetry to know where to land at. In this case, I guess they set up something like a virtual target, or (if that’s not so easy with no actual communicating piece of hardware at the targets place) they just aim at a area, without actually trying to hit an exact spot (since aiming isn’t the big problem anyways, and they’re rather testing how the rocket handles high retro thrust)
The idea is great, but it will be a long time before that, because right now when you buy it, having 0km driven is just a part of it, and you can’t just have it 3000km “new” and expect everyone to accept that nowadays. But yes, eventually this will be the norm
Passively agressive
Well, except if he himself doesn’t like it. Then you’re screwed
The landing was cancelled about a week before this launch, they’d stick with everything, legs, grid fins,... no changes that late. They could have decided between soft water landing (so essentially as planned, just nothin to catch it underneath) and letting the booster fall after stage separation. But the hardware was all on board, no late removing.

And yes, obviously they’d attempt a soft water landing in this case, but I’m 99% sure if the recovery hardware wouldn’t have been there, so it was planned expendable from the first second, they couldn’t even have gone through the motions of normal landing, as you say. I’m pretty sure rcs thrusters are only on landing boosters, but even if every single F9 first stage has it, they just aren’t really effective enough in the thicker part of the atmosphere, so they’d lose control pretty soon without the fins. Allmighty reaction wheels like in KSP aren’t a thing unfortunately, they are way less capable in real life (and definitely not something you’d need on a first stage if it’s expendable).
Because liquid fueled engines are a lot more expensive. They are also more complicated.  Basically, you design a rocket and realize it doesn’t have enough thrust on the launchpad, simply strap some SRBs on it. Liquid fueled boosters are essentially rockets, so you need to strap another rocket (or rocket stage) to your rocket, as opposed to a simple, cheap solid rocket motor. You don’t need these big, complicate liquid fueled boosters if you just need a little bit more oomph. But you’re right, heavy variants if rockets are strapping first stages to first stages. But that thing ends up a lot more expensive, and for a lot of missions you just don’t need that
Nope. Not only aren’t it 3 vehicles (nor 3 boosters of the same type, center is heavily modified), it’s a different vehicle all together. Block 5 will be human rated, FH won’t
Check out a promotion called DDT (Dramatic Dream Team), that’s where a lot of the weird stuff happens. There, and on some independent and small promotions, that’s where Ibushi does really crazy stuff. Just search around a bit with the terms DDT, Ibushi, and maybe “weird” or something like that, and you’ll find some pure gold.
Oh shit, where Barrett at?
I know, Sting's Scorpion Death Lock is a standing version, but it looks so weak and.. WCWish, in the same way how Kevin Nash's powerbomb could have essentially been called "I don't really feel like finishing this powerbomb". It just looks as if he isn't motivated to do the move at all, even though that's just how the move goes. Still love the Stinger though
And sleeping. Just sleeping
I believe that's something with the microphone. Renee almost never has a very hearable lisp, but it's sooo super noticeable when she uses one of those clip on microphones. Elias uses the same microphone for most of his promos, that's why it sounds like a lisp. Not sure why, and if it makes a lisp more hearable or even non-lispers sound like they do, but it definitely has something to do with the microphone.
Ibushi always confuses me. On one hand, he's this pure, innocent, cute babyface character, like that one A student in class who never is mean, doesn't fool around or anything, is just nice to everyone and all. But then again, he's hanging with the most extroverted dude in Kenny Omega, fights in apartments while two men are engaged in what seems to be nonconsensual sex, and he does moonsaults of rolling bicycles in front of like 100 people, just for the lolz.

Maybe it's just that he has this innocent looking face, you'd never expect him to be doing all that crazy stuff
Also taking off the boots is a little bit awkward... especially for a character like the Undertaker.
Agreed. NJPW AJ was the best AJ. But hey, better do the Jericho/CM Punk of always adjusting your look, so you can always instantly recognize from when the picture was, then looking the same for 10 years. I still wish we'd get late TNA/NJPW AJ's look back for WM
That's cool, but it works rarely and to be honest, beautiful AJ isn't even that fitting. The bad ass, edgy anime hair he had in NJPW was just fucking awesome. A thousand times more with the Bullet Club gimmick
I’m pretty sure SpaceX will work their way up. More so than with the F9. Small hops, bug hops, big hops with some horizontal moving around, even bigger hops, big hops, huge hops... you get the picture. Essentially, they will have done a lot of New Shepard like hops, and beyond that, maybe even do some distance suborbital hops. Work their way up, then when they’re confident go to orbit.

Blue Origin on the other hand... I have no idea. I mean sure, they landed a tin can, but it’s a very.. soft suicide burn, and it’s completely vertical, they know almost nothing about the practice of horizontal velocity, aiming, and such. But you’re right, their first orbital landings are essentially must-win scenarios. Even though the rocket is essentially a Falcon rip off, it’s a lot bigger so you can’t just fly “expendable” with a “experimental landing”, it’s a set part of how the rocket works, so they have to nail it. It might not be as bad losing a rocket for them as it would be for SpaceX, since Bezos is really fucking rich, but they definitely don’t want to challenge that. No idea how they will do it.
Yes exactly. You’re not crazy for suggesting it’s the top title. You’re crazy for suggesting it has even a little bit of the prestige the WWE Championship has. Being Universal Champion right now might mean you are the most important guy to WWE, but it doesn’t really do shit to your resume yet. Win the WWE Title, and you’re basically guaranteed to be remembered, either as a legend or a big controversy like Jinder Mahal
So? That doesn’t give it any more prestige. None at all. It’s literally only the top title because it is on RAW. 
Did you happen to learn what "gaijin" means from Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift?

Sorry, but Gaijin isn't offensive. Being really rude to somebody, and disrespecting him, then saying "gaijin" to him in a disrespectful voice and spit or laugh at him is offensive yes, but it has the same effect if you say "Mexican", "brit", or literally anything else that isn't meant to be racist at all usually.

It's all about context. Perhaps Gaikokujin is more fitting/formal, but there's nothing wrong with using "Gaijin" at all
> Let's not pretend I'm being ridiculous by suggesting the Universal title might be more prestigious. 

We aren't. It fucking is ridiculous to suggest that belt is more important or prestigious than the WWE Title.

Even with the most prestigious belt design in the world, an over a decade long lineage filled with very historic moments, and rarely super, super bad moments, the World Heavyweight Championship never came close to being as important as the WWE Title the last 16 years. There's no way anything can be that prestigious in 2 and a half years, it could literally be the only title they even defend at wrestlemania, and it wouldn't change a damn thing. Let alone the fact that it's been very poorly booked and at this point, is barely even considered Raw's main title, not even beginning to talk about WWE's main title.

Don't be fucking ridiculous
That's easy, number one, black gold. It's not even remotely close. 3 is a bit behind that, it's an awesome version of the original, but really only ever fitting for rare occasions. The others are awesome, but miles behind 1. There's nothing that can eat 2015 Rollins, in almost every single aspect
I actually googled the lyrics and sang along on several occasions in the past, so I know how most of it is supposed to be like. Still, I don’t get it and you’ll laugh once you hear my pronunciation haha

But it doesn’t matter becaue NUMA NUMA NEY